text
[deleted]
I'm sorry Raven bro.
"What a hand to be dealt. How old are you? I wish it wasn't so, but life if a cruel and unforgiving lady. Have some fun, love hard, make some memories with the ones you care about. Record a few messages or jokes or just a hello. You will be missed my g."
[deleted]
If that apparently at an advanced progression. What the fuck fuck 2020. Its not covid its fatal familal insomnia. Basically I can't ever sleep. Doctors confirmed the genetically test. This sucks.
Fuck bruh this hurt
Ironically thats why  I'm posting at 5am at the hospital.
"I'm speechless. I straight up didn't even know this kind of sickness existed... I'm so so sorry to hear this, even if you've accepted it and all. Nothing but the best for you and your close ones. Let the grass, or actually turf, as we should say here, be greener on the other side."
"Oh my god man, this is terrible fucking news. What can we do?? Do you need anything?"
Damn dude! I hope you can keep your chin up and enjoy the time you have left. Watch as much football as ya can!
"You have been and still are an awesome member of this community. Over the past decade of being on reddit (7 yrs with this username), I have thoroughly enjoyed your contributions to this sub. 

I wish I could find solutions to the challenges you are going to face, but I can only hope that you are in the best of hands with your doctors. For whatever time we continue to share,  I am looking forward to more of your opinions and thoughts. Good luck Friend."
"When they do eventually win, We will be thinking of you."
"Dude I’ve been here on this sub with you for a while now and you’ve always been a good dude. You’ve left an impression on not just me but a lot of people here, and I’m sure that extends to a ton of other people in your life. 

I couldn’t possibly tell you how to deal with this, or give you any advice. However, I say go do whatever gives you the most happiness right now. That’s all that matters. Make sure everyone you love knows how much you love them. There is no earthly consequence to affect you anymore. 

I’m glad you let everyone here know. I’m glad we mean something to you, because you mean a lot to r/Ravens. If there’s anything I can do, whether that be lending an ear or absolutely anything else, please feel free to message me."
"We'll miss the fuck out of you homie

You've always been cool as fuck pal.

Stay solid dawg, you're the man.

Hope we get some fucking amazing wins for ya."
"I'm not sure what you may believe in, but iv sent prayers to God for healing, but if not healing, I prayed you get some kind of comfort in your last days. Love sent to you from me and my family."
"Jesus man... Chiefs fan here and first wanted to say I'm sorry... hitting midlife myself and have been unusually paranoid about things like this (or cancer), I figure it all part of the mortality game, but god damn I didn't even know fatal insomnia was a thing.

There are a lot of sports fans who are of the opinion that if ""you're not first your last,"" and having watched Andy Reid and Alex Smith play VERY good football but not win it all for several years in a row created a huge divide in the fanbase over here... I was happy to be above .500 and have a legitimate shot at a super bowl with a little luck every year (edit: ok, maybe just to playin the AFC champ. game lol). Other fans were ready to run the entire administration out of town... which just blows my mind. Some fans have lived and died without every seeing their team win it all! and selfish people are happy with that as along as their team doesn't come in 2nd place. Maybe I'm a sap, but one of my first thoughts after we did win was ""damn, I wish more people got to experience this... football doesn't want or need another dynasty team.""

I'm truly sorry you don't get to see Lamar get his ring, I'm pretty sure he will eventually! However,  I'm also VERY happy for you that you got to see some championship teams in your lifetime.

In hindsight: This wasn't meant to be a ""just be happy you got to see them win"" post, far from it, and I hope you don't take it that way... just thinking about the extreme joy that we can get from such silly things like sports and wishing everyone could be onboard with the love like the Ravens reddit fans have been this year and last, and probably before... you folks have been great."
"I'm so sorry man. I've seen you comment so much on here and I know how much you love this team. You deserve so much better.

God bless you fr."
"Coming from a Steelers fan, I'm sorry to hear this bro. I don't know what all I can say, but I hope you find some form of peace in however long you have left. I'm sorry you have to go through this."
I’m so sorry to hear this man. I’ll cheer extra loud for the Ravens in your honor.
Fly high raven bro Ill meet you at ball so hard uni soon stay strong friend.
Bless your soul my friend. I hope you and Mo watch the Ravens win it all in heaven. You and your loved ones will be in my thoughts. God bless you man.
Unbelievable to see this news here just like this.  I'm very sorry man.  I hope you have some good days left.
Love you brother
This is terrible man. I recognize your username and I've seen and appreciate your posts and discussions in this sub. We'll have lost one of the good ones.
You will be missed my G. I mean that sincerely. I’ll donate to that foundation in your honor. Lama will get a ring I promise youX
When did you find out?
All love man
You’ll have the best view
Man sorry to hear this. Stay strong and make the best out of next couple months! Ravens unite all of us - I’m from China and please take my sincere wishes from the east. Best of luck!
"fuck dude, maybe on the other side you can be a Raven or go haunt the steelers"
I'm speechless. I don't know what to say. Just know that all of us are thinking about you and hope you find peace.
"Shit man, I don't know what to say. I don't know you personally but I've seen you around here for a long time. If there's anything that can be done to help you go out with a bang don't hesitate to reach out. Try to keep your chin up brother."
Godspeed brother
We need to get the Ravens organization to see this somehow
I’m so sorry man. I don’t know your story but I hope that you can find peace and enjoy whatever time you have.
Hey man do you have people in your life to make these last few weeks/months great? Go do things you never thought you’d do like sky diving or something.
"This is horrible man. I’m extremely sorry. If there’s anything we can do, please let me know. Shoot me a message even. 

My deepest condolences."
Damn man. Hope they get you some great game wins to go out on. Flock is here with you!
This is terrible. So sorry to hear this. You've always been a lively contributor to this sub. After reading skme of your comments it seems you are mostly at peace with this. I hope you are able to comfortably enjoy the time you have. Rest easy
Have fun on the other side. Sorry your time in this one is ending earlier than you thought. Go Ravens
"Godspeed dude, flock forever"
So sorry to hear buddy. Enjoy what’s left the best you can.
My dude :(
"I am so sorry to hear about that. Hopefully you’ll get to see some fun ones before you go. Idk what you believe in, and I don’t want to disrespect whatever that is, but I believe that you’ll get to watch us win the Super Bowl right next to Mo. 🖤"
"Sorry I was giving you shit the other day here. Best wishes, dawg. I really hope something changes for the better for you soon. I'll keep you in my thoughts."
"Life is a vapor my friends. 
Love well.

OP is there anything we as a community or even I as an individual can do to journey with you through this?"
You will bro belee
We need to sticky where to donate for this rare disease
"You're one strong dude. I hope you get to see more of this team and this season than you think you will. I really, truly do.

Play like a Raven everyday from here on out, bro."
"Very heavy heart for you, bird bro. Wishing you the absolute best for your time left and you can trust that if lamar doesn’t get one for you to witness this January, Ill pour some out and celebrate your memory when he finally does"
Does anyone have OPs contact info? I got in touch with the team and want to pass it on. I’m a little worried because I haven’t heard back. Thanks.
You still there Ravens bro?
"Idk If you'll ever be on here again, but I just wanted to to know that people here were thinking about you.

Gos bless man."
Fuck... sorry to hear this bro.
"Fuck that. I am so sorry dude, life just aint fair. Surround yourself with loved ones"
I’m praying for you. 😞🙏
This sucks and I’m so sorry. Don’t know what else to say. It’s just not fair at all.
Best of luck to you. I hope you enjoy your life to its fullest. I'm pulling for you
I don’t understand how hard this must be. Can you tell me some of the symptoms if you don’t mind? It’s so crazy to think there’s someone who literally can’t sleep
drink a vial of lsd
"Yup, we looked like shit on Monday. We played bad and our weekneses were exposed.

But it's time to move on. Id rather we lose in week 3 to the best team then in week 20. Let's lick our wounds, learn from our mistakes and go kick some washington ass. 

The loss sucked but we will be better for it when we meet again in the playoffs. It's good to be the underdogs anyways. 

On to Washington."
"Right.. I think people are dwelling over this too much or had way too high expectations. We lost, it’s part of football. The Chiefs are truly an elite team and it came down to a couple very key plays that decided the outcome. We didn’t play the greatest game but it was still winnable. 

Learn from our mistakes and move on. Don’t dwell on the past. 

“We’re on to Cincinnati”"
"Yup, the chiefs kicked the shit out of us and we looked like total ass on Monday. 

Gotta lick the wounds real quick and move on. Let’s stomp those guys in the playoffs and focus on the task at hand - fucking up the WFT."
""
I laughed
"Stop, stop, he's already dead"
"The Steelers haven't won anything in 10 years and even then it was a AFC Championship. Stop embarrassing yourself, Ravens-Steelers is barely a rivalry - look how boring the Week 17 game was last year. We had our third stringers in and still beat your team down - your team was so bad it didn't prepare us enough to take on the Titans two weeks after. 

The Steelers look like a formidable opponent this year but please stop lol."
Take your upvote and get the hell out of here <3 lol
[deleted]
"Great, now pass to him."
"This guy needs to be starting, good things happen when the ball is in his hands!"
"Thanks Devin, very cool"
big dev go zoom zoom
"If Duv, Gus, and Tucker hadn't contributed their blips of happiness, I would have probably punched a hole in the wall Monday night. Still feeling sour this morning."
Dev Duv is gonna fuck shit up when he gets snaps on offense man
Is that a 21 or 27? God that’s an awful font
That’s a 3 minute mile sustained 😳
"I want to see Duv on on side, Hollywood on the other. Lamar slings it to whichever one beats their corner. Rinse and repeat."
Him and Proche combined in college had less drops than the Ravens did during the Titans playoff game. Please give them reps on offense
He’s fuckin zoomin
"I'm super pleased by what Duv has done so far. Catches every pass throw to him, decent yac, got fuckin burners.

Proche has looked decent on the punt returns too, besides that one mistake last week with the punt"
Whos in the NFC
"What’s crazy is that as fast as he looked on that return, it makes me realize just how fast Mostert is. Mostert is the fastest ball carrier in the NFL this year, over a full MPH more than Duvernay."
Bro he ran over 20 miles per hour? What in the fuck...
Hook’em!
Duvernay has the potiental to be better than Hollywood for this scheme. My man runs like a running back and not afraid of contact at all.
Trade Boykins for anything at this point.. I get Andrews is struggling a bit but he’s been an absolute steal for us and given more time can stay an elite TE. Boykins has been trash and simply can’t run routes
"Tower, this is Ghost Rider requesting a flyby."
Interesting
That was a screaming fast return.
Maybe he should be on the field more
"Please let him start at wide receiver.

Great hands and electric speed. This is the kind of guy our offense needs."
We gotta get him and Hollywood more involved in the offense. AND NOT SCREENS we suck at those
"Yeah, and y'all still got curb stomped by Mahomes."
[deleted]
"I mean, to be fair, Wink was blitzing with corners when they had 3 WR’s that can outrun any LB in the league."
They tried everything under the sun and nothing worked. Terrible analysis.
"It was clear when we rushed we weren’t found to get to the QB. We sent 4 we sent 5, no luck. We should have dropped more men back and got more physical at the line. I get we needed some padding cause they can beat us hard over the top. But we needed to be physical."
This is a coaching issue. I’m not going to freak out yet until playoffs but something isn’t right with the game planning. No way all our players coincidently have their worse performance in the same game - 3 times in a row. Head coach is to blame for this as offense and defense looked awful.
""
[Gilchrist has played for five teams and started 98 games over the course of nine seasons. Was full-time starter for Raiders in 2018.](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1311294207273959424?s=21)
Veteran stability
"You know the rest

Nice quote from Jeff's recent [article](https://theathletic.com/2103903/2020/09/30/ravens-need-more-from-front-seven-big-game-narrative-and-more-observations/) 

I was among the gloomy fans who think we have no chance of beating the Chiefs if we beat them again, but this is a comforting memory"
"Whilst it’s comforting, we can’t ignore the fact there is a trend to the games we lose. And when we lose, we lose hard, on both sides of he ball."
"So much of the offensive woes are on coaching, it’s not even funny. Stick with the run. It was working all game."
"I get the point he is trying to make, but the team was keeping up with Denver in the first half. Flacco threw the pick six at the end of the first half in the redzone. It's a 10-14 point play. Flacco also chased the defender to the endzone. Although the score didn't show it, we knew we could hold our own against the Broncos if we didn't shoot ourselves in the foot. We won that playoff game cause we didn't shoot ourselves in the foot like we did a few weeks earlier.

The game from Monday night was a whooping. But I do think we are close to catching the Chiefs. We were so close to getting Mahomes so many times. If he holds on the ball .2 seconds longer on some of these attempts then we get sacks/fumbles/interceptions.

The offense also played horrible and we were somehow down a TD in this game. I think we have plenty of time to get better and prepare for KC in the AFC Championship game. Andrews played his worse game of his career. He opens ip everything for us. If he plays well then Hollywood can get deep.

The Chiefs dared the Ravens to beat them by throwing the ball. And honestly, Jackson was okay. The drops were horrible though. If our guys catch the ball then the defense can't put 9 in the box. If they don't put 9 in the box then we'll run it down their throats.

Plus, NO ONE will believe in us, which is EXACTLY where we love to be in the playoffs. This Chiefs loss is a good thing long term."
"Don't even have to look back that far. We got obliterated by the Browns at home in all three phases last year early in the season, then we turned around and beat them 31-15 in Cleveland.


You replay these games 100 times and you get 100 different results."
"Pre-facing by myself being a Pats guy fuck me fuck me BUT I have been following Baltimore since my best friend became my friend (he is all about it and TD Bank is a lot of fun) and have been subbed here for... I think 2 years, basically since I stopped lurking. I said it in the nfl sub but I think there was a lot of glitching and misfire-this team is still great, one game won't ruin that. Adjustments, film, tidying up the gameplan and I think the Ravens come out on top next time. It just looked like they weren't completely in sync-just a letdown game

&#x200B;

EDIT for paragraphs"
"I went to the that game with my Dad, it was the most I ever spent on tickets for great seats as a gift. I’ll never forget, we had virtually no offense the first half until we marched down the field in a 2 minute drill before half. In the red zone, Flacco throws a pick sick and runs all the way down the field chasing and falls on his face virtually in front of us. Luckily, the next game we went to was the opening of the playoffs at home against the Colts 😈"
"This kind stuff happens all the time. Another instance that comes to mind is  2009 when we lost to New England 27-21. As we were driving down the field (hopefully to score the game winning TD) Flacco hit Mark Clayton square in the numbers only to for him to drop it for a turnover on downs. Everyone expected the playoff rematch to be a nail biter, except we dominated instead. 

Anything can happen between now and any playoff rematch (should that happen). And anything can happen in that rematch."
"Maybe we just do better as underdogs, we suck when we know we have the advantage."
"Yes, they also fired that hack of a OC Cam Cameron to give them a spark"
"And then the ravens were forced out of there home stadium for the first game after their superbowl win, as the orioles refused to change scheduling. The ravens were then shut down in Denver by a good number of Peyton manning touchdowns."
"If we beat the Titans this year, or at least lose a close game playing our brand of football, then that would be pretty comforting"
"Not trying to be a debbie downer, but we were so banged up heading to that regular season matchup. Like 4-5 starters in the divisional round game didn't play then. You can't say the same about last Monday night."
"Last home game Ive gone to - still remember that Pitta touchdown :,)"
Yeah I’m hoping the coaching staff and the players have a big chip on their shoulder after this loss.
"No offense to Jeff but that's an absurd and revisionist take. All the typical over-reactionary fans were claiming the sky was falling after that game but those with half a brain saw it was one errant pass from being a tie game at half against the Broncos. I knew Joe and that team could compete with anybody and they did. 

That said it's only week 3. Those who didn't get caught up in the hype knew this team has a few weaknesses and a loss was a pretty reasonable outcome on Monday. I certainly didn't expect it to be as lopsided as it was but much like that Broncos game you could tell there were a few key moments(Andrews and Brown combined missed out on a half dozen big plays by a few inches) that could've really swung the game. 

I'm actually more confident in this team after week 3 than I was prior to the season. We're showing last year wasn't a fluke and it's still a fairly dominant squad. If we face KC again we'll have a solid chance at winning."
"While this is comforting, let’s not forget that we played the Broncos again during the NFL kickoff game where Peyton Manning put up 7 pass TDs on us."
"I was there, Ugh. The Broncos picked 6 ran it back to the endzone right in front of my seats and I watched poor Flacco face down in the turf after trying to chase him down. lulz. We got 'em in the playoffs though!"
this is total speculation. what if the gameplan was to be very vanilla on offense and spastic on defense? to the point where the film is useless if we meet them again in the playoffs?
"Seriously though... I can't remember a QB who undergoes more scrutiny after losing to a tough team. Did he have a horrible game? Absolutely. But it happens to all the greats, and if there is anything to be learned from that loss it's that the coaching/gameplan needs to improve to make a serious run."
"There are a lot of people who planted their flags awfully deep claiming Lamar Jackson would never be a serviceable quarterback. He's given them precious few opportunities to crawl out of their caves, but they never miss a chance to beat their drum.

I don't see it from analysts very often but I see it on /r/NFL all the time."
"The Chiefs went 12-4 last year. The Mahomes-led team was beaten by IND (Week 6, 13-19), HOU (Week 7, 24-31) and TEN (Week 10, right after he came back from that nasty knee injury). 2 of those teams were in the playoffs later.

Yes, teams get the L occasionally, even the best ones. Perfect seasons are rare in the NFL. We had a historical season last year, it's almost impossible to repeat that.

1 year ago we got our ass whopped by the fucking Browns. We'll get over this too."
He is the only quarterback I've seen not allowed to have a bad game.
"Well to be fair, Mahomes is the best quarterback. And it's not even debatable"
"Drives me crazy that Mahomes had a super mediocre game last week where he missed multiple throws and allowed the dismal Chargers a chance to win the game last week.... but we heard nothing about how MAHOMES ISNT THAT GOOD or LAC DEFENSE EXPOSED MAHOMES!!!!

The next week, Lamar has an off game and the ravens still play well enough to compete with (one of, if not THE) best teams in the league.... and hot take artists come out of the woodwork to bash him.

Shits annoying as hell"
Because he lost in an ugly way. Brady faced the same criticism when he lost to the Chiefs in 2014. Sometimes Reid just has the perfect gameplan and runs over people
I blame Mahommes rapid ascension to greatness. That set the standard for Lamar especially after winning MVP last year.
"Not a Ravens fan but a big Lamar fan/believer (as should everyone be). I think it's because there are some people who are biased against his style of QB play (run first, super athletic). It's like in baseball when a knuckleballer who throws a dozen amazing games but when he has a bad day and gets hit hard or starts walking people, some come out of the woodwork and say ""There's that damn knuckleball, of course it doesn't work""."
People like to be right on there draft analysis’.
"Exactly. Lamar is still young. Pundits expect him to be perfect just because he's talented and wins a lot. He has grown a lot in his very short career already, so there's no reason to believe he won't get beyond this.

Let's also not undersell the Chiefs. They are a very well constructed and coached team. Mahomes is otherworldly and he has the extreme good fortune to have an offensive genius for a head coach. The Chiefs are going to replace the Patriots as the thorn in the AFC's side for the next generation."
Because when we lose we don't just lose we get absolutely wrecked.
"I definitely think you’re on to something. I have noticed them slam Russell Wilson for the next couple years after the second super bowl. Maybe I don’t remember correctly, though."
I feel like its partially because of how futile we look when we lose. It's kind of confounding that we look unbeatable 95% of the time then like an 0-16 team 5% of the time
"Outside this sub no one think Lamar is the best in the game. Not last week and not last year.

Mvp, for sure, deserved it, but not the best.

And for your question, idk if half the QBs in the league had such a bad Performance in their career. I know for sure PMII never did."
""
Jokes on them they actually had to buy all that crap. You get to toss it out!
This is so cruel 🤣
Burn it all down.
"The recruited you 😂 the sign says ""if you can't beat them join them"" are they Chiefs fans?"
Is that a fucking poncho on your chair?
Sweet free jersey and poncho
Actually hilarious 😂. Praying to God you can get em back. We got this OP
That's some good resale value
Love that kind of banter
Sweet office tho
How much do you want for it all?
this is funny
"That's rough, buddy."
I hope you get payback in the playoffs! 😉
""
"People acting like we lost a playoff game.  last year after losing to KC, the Ravens went on that absolute tear. Losses humble players and I feel bad for Washington this Sunday, cause I can see the team taking their frustrations out on them"
He’s posting this because he knows everyone is freaking out about a loss.
"It isn’t about how you get knocked down, it is about how you get back up"
"TRUZZ. It's only Week 3, definitely got a lot of time to correct everything. Take this loss on the chin and move on, that's all we can do. One week at a time, we'll see KC again down the road."
"On one hand, we definitely have some issues we need to get ironed out if wanna win the super bowl, on the other hand, it’s the Kansas City fucking chiefs. Losing to them isn’t something to get fussy about. 

We just gotta fix the issues we had this past week and we gonna be Gucci. Simple"
I love this team and I have faith in the players. Less so in some of the coaches but hope I'm wrong.
BELEE
It’s hard having faith that once playoffs come we will magically find the solution to beat them ?...It’s a personal problem and scheme problem...we need more rushers to at least generate some pressure...Calais and Wolfe are good but not nearly the versions they used to be..we need a premier pass rusher to help the secondary they can only cover for so long ...also watch for Deshon Elliots progress because that could be another weakness if it’s not fixed or addressed
"Lamar Jackson is the only football player that has so much universal bias against him, that he is never allowed a poor game. Yet, he'll persevere and become the greatest football player to lace up."
"Can we talk about the expectations on Lamar in just his second season as the full time starter? I can't remember Joe Flacco having these expectations even after winning a super bowl. Flacco was drafted higher you would think expectations would've been higher he didn't have a good playoff game until 2010. I think a lot of the Lamar criticism is over dramatic, Baker is inconsistent and its cool. Sam Darnold is a walking turnover its cool. Josh Rosen is on the Practice Squad NBD. Josh Allen also imploded in the playoffs, its cool. There are 13 games left i think we'll be fine"
"People keep throwing that Lamar is 0-3 against the Chiefs at us not taking into account that the 1st game was Lamar’s what, 5th start? The offense was still a work in progress after switching from Flacco that year. Lamar has also never had a true home field advantage in these games.

Not saying we didn’t get our ass kicked, but the panic and criticism after a week three loss has been crazy. Glad Lamar has the right attitude, we will be fine!"
Lamar Jackson unfortunately will never be as good as Mahomes
[deleted]
"Holy fuck dude, clean out your email."
"I believe this team has okay rushers but we severely lack anyone who gets off the line with urgency. I believe our Edge rushers should try to time snap counts (with no crowd noise) in certain situations against very good teams (kc,Pitt, etc). If it’s 3rd down with 7/8 yards to go on the edge of field goal range for opposing team. At worst we’re in 3rd and 2/3 yards which skews to our strength as interior defenders stopping the run, or man press corners."
Timing the snap based on count is how you jump offsides. Watching the ball is drilled into pass rushers heads since rec league football
Make sure to DM Judon
""
"Yeah I honestly don’t think Roman can make a passing game without an established run. Until he proves us wrong, our pass offense has always been ass when we don’t run the ball, so if Harbs wants a balanced offense, start looking at younger innovative OCs instead of old guard OCs"
There are other schemes (than two ugly screen passes at the redzone) to be more productive in the passing game. A curb stomping rushing drive killed by two weak ass passes. And they panicked and settled for a FG at 4th and 3 in front of the goal line.
"I get that you don't want to be predictable on first down, but when you pass on first down and it doesn't get positive yards you're stuck passing on the next two downs most likely. The only way to slow the Chiefs is to keep Mahomes off the field. Ingram, Dobbins, Edwards, repeat. The OL wasn't helping much, but then you have to design plays to get the RBs into space."
John Harbaugh would be great in politics. Completely avoids damn near every question.
We run to setup the pass... until we don’t. And we look fucking stupid.
"I don’t think he’s going to blatantly say they abandoned the run. That just throws shade on his coaching staff. Hopefully they realize and will change how they play calls when down. 

Also, start Gus."
"had a horrible thought that i hope is untrue:

greg roman is our offensive dean pees."
"If we continue to shift from our offensive identity every time we go down by three points, then I can't see Greg Roman being here much longer. It was the same issue we had in 2012 with Cam Cameron before Hue Jackson took over. I think that if it does happen, it'll be in our Week 7-11 stretch where we play the Steelers x2, the Patriots, and the Titans. We've got nearly two seasons of game tape now to showcase how important establishing the run is in this offensive scheme.  The statistic of us not winning any game after losing at halftime is because our OC panics and won't get back to the basics of this team."
"It's cool to want to be more productive in the passing game, but you do that when you can afford to.  Not when you're having your anal cavity excavated with your skirt down like a little school girl."
[deleted]
The difference is they get all the DBs moving around then dump a screen to kelce. In our case Andrew would just drop the ball.
We can’t run screens to save our lives. We also suck at jet sweeps for what it’s worth.
[deleted]
We lost to Washington in both seasons we won the Super Bowl. It is known.
"Are you kidding?!?! Washington has the guy WHO MENTORED Mahomes!! 

WE ARE FUCCED YOU FRICKIN MORONS"
From what I hear their Dline is top notch and could be a problem
Don't you put that evil on me Ricky Bobby
Uhhg mahommes and the Titans Tactor-man give me nightmares.
""
"For anyone curious, Marlon Humphrey is currently graded as our best pass rusher (73.9).  Jaylon Ferguson is currently our highest graded EDGE/DL pass rusher (65.6)."
I’ve noticed our pass rushers also missing sacks in the backfield. I don’t expect them to make every sack but we gotta clean that up a bit
"This is one the small handful of issues that were obvious weaknesses on paper all off-season. 

The Ravens planned/had to rely on a few players stepping up. It hasn’t happened anywhere yet. 

Interior OL. Pass Rush/OLB. MLB. S. WR. 

The defense has a weak OLB and inexperienced MLB Corp. Its something that will have to be addressed or will cost more games. There are no star players on the team except Humphrey, Peters, Campbell. 

The OL and WR continue to cause issues stretching the field."
I really wanted us to push harder for Clowney
"We are one elite edge rusher from having easily the number 1 defence

But without that, we are forced into blitzing a hell of a lot and we still aren't getting there. Our secondary is great but can only do so much

We have to be looking at trade targets"
"Turns out relying on Judon, a 34 year old( who’s still playing amazingly, just clearly not the same pass rusher) and all of our late round draft picks on D will get eaten up by good teams"
"This is why we should have drafted one, if not two. In previous years we'd always have someone else developing in the background in case the starters left or regressed, but now the pipeline has run dry and we're in trouble."
"This was obvious last season, the offseason, and now."
I thought Bowsers been playing well
Clay Matthews is available and honestly he didn’t have a bad season last year
"Am I the only one that thinks the current unit can improve with more experience?  I mean, if you think about it, we have two new D-linemen, two new rookie linebackers with no offseason, a replacement for an injured corner, and a new safety with no playing experience. So many new guys with no offseason.

You look at the Chiefs last year and they weren't great until toward the end of the season when the defense started playing better.  There's still time for these guys to gel and improve before it really matters.  We have a really weak schedule this year, so I'm sure the defense will look good on paper moving forward, but at least that gives guys time to develop without it risking our playoff chances.  

We're probably not going to get the 1 seed, so it doesn't even matter if we lose the division to Pittsburgh as long as we make the playoffs.  We'll be playing in the divisional round either way.  Honestly, with the mentality of this team, I think we'd perform better if we came in as an underdog instead of a super hyped up juggernaut."
"Yeah our pass rush has been fucking abysmal. Turns out if you have a bad pass rush last year and you do absolutely nothing to make it better this year, it's still gonna suck!

On the bright side, Calais Campbell and Derek Wolfe have been pretty solid at stopping the run for us, so there's that..."
Oof
"Oh yeah but Judon wants 16 mil a year. So glad we franchised that guy so we can say ""yeah, no"" next year."
"Bring in Matthews, or Suggs?"
This is why we can’t play from behind and this is why we needed clowney dammit.
Everything is find on our defense we are just missing the Edge guy that blows up plays no matter how well it's defended or designed. I remember watching Suggs blitz in his prime! Change the protection all you want it won't help.
The trenches need to be the #1 priority this offseason.
"We knew this before the season and hoped the coverage would make up for it.  The interior rush actually feels stronger now but any real pressure is coming from the blitz.

It's unfortunate, but for once, the developing guys just aren't it and we also already knew Judon wasn't the answer for the kind of guy to draw doubles."
Still has me wondering why we didn't even draft an EDGE with all our mid-round picks
LOL.
Our lines in general unfortunately.
Oof
Calais looks like he's been our best rusher so far. The grading is odd.
Ill just leave.. In EDC we truzz
*psych
"Bowser and McPhee have impressed me most as pass rushers, not so much in coverage. We need to finish in the backfield though, I understand Watson and Mahomes are great at avoiding sacks but it’s damn frustrating being *that* close and then they wriggle out"
How did this happen? Weren’t we supposed to be 16-0 and shit?  Decosta has no idea what he’s doing
""
"That 14% drop rate against the Chiefs is... what the fuck? How do you account for a 10% drop rate increase like that outside of a team-wide mental collapse?

I really just don’t understand how the whole team can fail all at once."
The idea that the steelers are a top 5 team when their opponents have a combined record of 0-9 is stupid. They havent played any decent teams to earn a top 5 mark.
What cowherd said about it pretty much sums up my feelings.
"I’m just bothered by the fact that when they’re leading they seem on top of the world and unbeatable, but once they’re behind everything seems to fall apart and they go full retard. That type of shit does not lead to playoff wins"
"We're 2-1 and lost to the defending champs in week 3?

season over just pack it up"
The quick hits tweets #2&3 at the bottom are interesting.
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Week-4-NFL-PICKS-featuring-Pearls-of-Wisdom-ekdk20](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Week-4-NFL-PICKS-featuring-Pearls-of-Wisdom-ekdk20)

I apologize if it's too long of a pod, but my boy was my guest on here, also we're gonna spank Washington"
"Just incase some of you dont remember back in 2012. Ravens got stomped by the Broncos who were one of the best teams in the AFC. Considering this is from the point where flacco played terrible. So the point is, dont despair over losing to KC because if we meet in the playoffs again, its a whole new game."
"They also fired the OC, Cam Cameron that sparked the offense"
"In 2000, we went a month without scorning an offensive touchdown. I think we even won 1 or 2 of those games."
Payton Manning had like an 8 game win streak against us before that game
We also got stomped by the Texans that same year
Facts we have so much talent this year also
"A whole new game which we lose again if we continue to ignore the issues we have. Simple as that. We can roll out and win the next 13 games, but if we don’t learn to compose ourselves and figure out why we shit the bed under the spotlight, we are one and done yet again."
"But is it? Because it’s been the exact same result every time we play KC and the same result when we fall behind multiple scores. We can’t generate a pass rush, what makes you think that changes come January? The team isn’t built to come from behind. Don’t use that one example from a pathetic Browns team with piss poor coaching staff to try to say they can come back from a deficit, they just can’t. 

If they can’t win at home in January, what makes people think they’re gonna go on the road, probably to KC, and pull out a victory?

Regular season wise, they’re fine. They’ll still win 12+ games and win the division. But there’s no reason to believe when they play the Chiefs again, or a playoff defense, that they’re not just gonna fall flat again."
[deleted]
He seems a lot happier than I would expect. Probably due to Marlon signing an extension (?) or maybe he feels like the monkey is off our backs or maybe he’s happy we get to play Washington this week. Or maybe none of the above.
"I get it we lost, but I don’t seeing us lose more than 2 more games the rest of the year.

Let’s enjoy this, a lot of teams would love to be us."
Getting their collective shit pushed in by the Titans didn't doe?
I mean I hope this is the case and not just talk. I think he didn't want to tip his hand or throw anyone under the bus in his responses.
So it took 3 years to finally get it? I’ll believe it when I see change.
""
Well that definitely wouldn’t suck
"If they get him for Tre White numbers instead of Ramsey numbers, i'll be soooo happy.

likely will be closer to Ramsey, but he'll be worth it"
" Not only is he our greatest pass defender, he’s also our best pass rusher this season!"
"I was so wrong about humphrey when we drafted him and I'm so glad to be

I wanted Reuben Foster or someone irrelevant iirc"
"Not a ton of cap savings, so not likely an a move for a big trade. Might help something smaller immediately though."
"Hell yeah, let’s fuckin go! Marlon has earned every bit of whatever he gets. Shit even if he ends up being the highest paid in the league, it’ll end up being a steal in 2-3 years."
Time for Marlon to get that elite pass rusher money
Super pumped if true
Imagine how great his outfits are gonna be when he starts making way more money
Any source...?
I hope it's true. Marlon needs to be a Raven long term. He's probably the most well rounded corner in the game due to his elite coverage skills and the fact that he hits and tackles like a backer.
100% deserves it
"Big if true. Smart to do Marvin first instead of Stanley because the CB market constantly resets itself higher and higher. LT market generally stays stable for a few years, although the recent Tunsil contract did reset it quite a bit higher than it was before."
hopefully he’s fucking insane and deserves it 100 percent
Thank God I can finally buy his jersey
"Good, I hope so.  Out of home grown talent I have been saying the last week or so, Humphery, Stanley, and Bowser are the three we need to focus on this off season.

Edit:  With Bowser, we have 5 OLB, 4 of them are up for contract this year, leaving Ferguson, Ward, Judon, Mcphee, and Bowser.  We can't let our entire edge group walk.  Mcphee is older, Judon is asking way more than he is worth. Ward we should definitely try to keep, and Boswer.  Bowser would be way more cost effective than Judon.  But this is a group that needs addressing this year.  

Also, we should try to extend Andrews, I forgot about him."
Great! He deserves it!
Yes yes yes yes yes.
Very happy to have just purchased a black 44 Jersey.
"It's like the Ravens saw Judon against the Chiefs and said ""well I guess I know where Marlon's money is coming from"""
"Keeping Peters and Humphrey together for a while is great. Next, Ronnie Stanley."
wow. good call man
As long as its not Judon...Humphrey deserves it and Judon can go get paid by Cleveland like Paul Kruger or something
Why not Stanley first?
What about Stanley?
"Question, if it is indeed Marlon is he going to get payed as a slot cornerback or outside ?"
"Unpopular opinion, he should not be paid as the best in the league, i would like to lock him up and i think has an amazing skill set including perhaps the best forced fumble skills of a CB in the league.  That said, he gets away with a lot of holding, and sometimes doesn't get away with it, and I think if the deal is longer term into the point where his skills diminish that will be a mistake."
"Can anyone defensive minded describe what it is that The Chargers, Titans, and KC were doing to make Lamar so panicked? 
Are the Safeties and CB doing anything special or are the LB? Is the DL following any special scheme?

And what’s the fix? (Besides handing the ball to Gus, of course)"
"Both teams said it wasn’t so much Lamar as they just knew where the WRs were. KC said they new what general direction our WR and TEs were gonna be after a PA, and set up their zones accordingly. It’s tough for any QB to throw the ball when the defense knows where it’s gonna go"
The Bills did a better job then the Titans or KC of slowing us.
"The chiefs literally threw everything they had and the kitchen sink at us. They designed all kinds of crazy plays and trick manuvers, as if they were saving it just for us. They will probably come to regret that later, I'm not saying the chiefs weren't better. I'm saying that you don't just draw up a game plan like this so early in the season. 

You gotta keep the best tricks available for the grand finale, if anyone understands what I mean."
"I don't think Lamar was really that panicked, do you?

Just nobody open and he kept having to scramble because our OL is turnstiles"
"The Chargers game was because they knew whether it was a pass or run based on Stanley's  stance IIRC. Marty didn't change anything up between that game and the regular season Chargers game that occurred about a month before hand. The Chargers just straight up knew what to expect pre-snap.  


The other two games are more of a result of abandoning the run absurdly early and putting the game on Lamar's shoulders. The problem with that is that Lamar doesn't have a good Receiving Corps and didn't have one last year either. The run game was so good last year that they could mask it for the most part. Andrews is the sole possession receiver on this team and that shouldn't be the case. The passing attack is limited because we basically have Brown, Andrews and Ingram.   


Brown isn't the type of receiver to be put in a move the chains position, he's mainly the intermediate-deep threat option. The team needs an AB/Julio/Brandon Marshall type of receiver."
"Consistent pressure only blitzing 4. 

Look at our defense, to get pressure we need to send 5-6 guys. Good QBs can then see 1 on 1s and make tough throws. 

But when they get to drop 7 to defend Andrews, Brown, Sneed, Boykin and a spy things get tough. 

Our Oline needs to be better. I think when we domimate running our Oline gets credit when its really Lamar who should get credit. Our O line is a tad bit overrated."
"Our play callers choke in big time games..  When they don’t call it well, it leaves little room for error and if our **young** players don’t execute in those limited opportunities then things just don’t work out. It also helps that they don’t have to worry about the run as much as we tend to ditch the run the second we go down by any margin.."
[deleted]
I think we should be proud how far this team has come since 2018. There is a lot of improvements we can make but I still love my ravens!!
Why wouldn’t you be? We’re one of the best teams in the league.
2018?? Try 2015 if you want actual pain
"Appreciate the positive post. 

I think it shows how unbelievably we spoiled we are as  fanbase that ONE loss to the best team in the league - even though it WAS really ugly and raised some issues - has everyone this upset and panicking 

I look forward to Lamar and the boys hanging dong on the WFT next week and restoring the good mood among the fanbase. With WFT, Bengals, and Eagles coming up next, we have a great chance to be 5-1 going into the first Steelers game. I hope we make it happen."
"It was one game. Anyone who thought that we would actually go undefeated was kidding themselves. The only teams that can get out to that big a lead on us are the Chiefs, the Seahawks, and maybe the Packers. For my money we're favorites against every other team. Everything is going to be fine."
"I’m glad you didn’t jump ship, but would you say you’re more concerned going forward/less confident?"
""
">he like taco bell and twitter

Ngl this got me good"
I’m searching for Mark Andrews hands too
I was raging at Judon all game but that offsides call was bullshit. After watching replays he perfectly timed the snap.
Dude isn't that good..he is a worse OG Pernell McPhee that went to the Bears.
"I wish the Ravens would get Anthony Harris from the Vikings. He’s solid and won’t cost much. Also I’m
Biased because I went to HS with him."
Thank God we didnt get stuck in a long term deal with him
The chicken chalupa bandit!
I really don't understand what happened to him between last year and this year.
"I never agreed with paying Judon, he’s average at best"
💀
Should've paid Za'Darius
Stole 17 mil and ran
hopefully he'll show up soon if not then he'll be gone after this year
You could add Tyus Bowser to this list too. He keeps getting pressure but can’t ever make the sack. I’ve literally counted like 6 or 7 sacks he should’ve had.
"The interior o-line needs addressing and a WR needs to be added too but a top pass rusher (assuming one is available)  might be the team's biggest need. 

Judon will hit the market next year and some team will overpay. Hopefully, the organization gets a 3rd or 4th round comp pick in 2022."
He had a great sack.  Too bad he was offsides.   One game guys...calm down.  KC is really good.
"Just seemed to run full speed at the line and over run the play or do nothing last game, Not that anybody played well but hes been really bad in a contract year. Wish we had not tagged him and went after clowney."
You have shitty friends.
weak
[deleted]
"These hot takes are getting ridiculous. We lost a game y’all, were not in rebuild mode."
"Mark Ingram is making like 4.5 mil a year first of all, and he had a great year in our offence last year. He was part of the best rushing offence of all time, and is a great leader for our young guys. That is why we have Mark, he is cheap, effective, and a good leader. He may have lost a step, or is just struggling a bit compared to last year, he certainly hasn’t been bad though"
Where is your source? Fox News?
LMFAOOO bro what type of fair weather fan shit is this. It’s one game bro omfg
Hot take
[deleted]
"> Might never succeed in the playoffs 

LOL this won’t age well."
what on earth is laces on leather and why would anyone care what they have to say?
This dude claims he’s a Ravens fan. Loves to shit on Lamar and he’s secretly a Flacco apologist
Yo can Lamar just lose a fucking game without people thinking he’s a bust. I don’t hear this same stuff about Sam Darnold.
The reason i put the pic is because this post is on an account ran by a “ravens” fan
"Didn't he beat the pats, seahawks, 49ers, rams, etc. last season?"
"Bucs and Jets assessments, sure. The rest of this is nonsensical horse shit."
""
"Offense podcast vs Chiefs with Dev Panchwagh:

1. Discussion of OL play/grading
2. What happened to Lamar Jackson?
3. How can other teams use what the Chiefs did to beat the Ravens?
4. What might the Ravens consider in terms of scheme and personnel changes?"
""
FUCK YEAH
That is awesome! Good work!
""
"My guy got the BAG! Glad we got that done. Congrats Marvin, well deserved! All Pro and hopefully a Raven for life."
"Top 3 favorite Raven for me, now I can finally buy his jersey in peace without worrying about him walking in free agency (if we decided not to pay him for whatever reason) 😂"
And my dumbass wanted oj Howard lmfao
"Decosta out here smiling to himself, he saved 1.25 mil over 5 years lol. No even 100mil"
Linebacker in a Cornerback’s body
"He’s earned every penny, so glad he’ll be a core part of this team for years to come."
I can't upvote this enough
Worth every penny. He’s going to look fresher than hell in his postgame IG lives now.
And what Will Lamar get? 500 mil or something 😂
Once again paying some no name instead our top corner Marvin.  smh
Yes yes yes yes yes 😍 takes a bit of the sting out from the MNF loss
$$ MARLO GETTING PAAAAAID $$
Yay!
Well deserved
"another great hit by ozzie. i think this was a good price for both the ravens and for marlon. EVERYONE WINS HERE (except the steelers, and when they lose we win)."
HELLLLL YEAHHHHH
THIS IS HUUUUUUUUUUUGE
"My exact reaction - ""Holy sh- WHAT THE FUCK."" Glad we decided to fucking pay the man."
I bet Snowflake's happy.
Remember when we drafted him and we all thought he’d be a no name special teamer? Fuck I love our front office.
LETS GO MARLO
"4 up, 4 down baby!

Let's gooooo!"
"damn Marlon, where the Bugatti dealer at?"
For what he brings to the team that’s actually a really reasonable contract IMO!
idk that's a lot of money for a pass rusher that can't even get home/s
Big play Marlo!!!
Stanley next
YESSSSSSSSSIR
Best news of the week by far
Dicks out lads
"Glad to have him and MP. Just curious where this puts us cap wise. Im assuming this doesnt hit till 2022 as 2021 is last year with rookie deal. 2022 we will have MP on the books for 12 mill and he will need an extension, and assuming we give ronnie 20 mill ish a year that puts us down for 50mill tied into 3 players. Lamar is gonna hit 2022, so if we are using mahomes as a barometer, that is somewhere near 40-50 million per season. 4 players at 100 million with roughly 170 in cap space. is 70 mill enough to fill out a roster? Obviously we will have to keep busy in the draft, but maybe we can figure it out.

&#x200B;

Disclaimer- Not saying Ronnie, MP, Marlon, or Lamar arent worth the money. Just looking at things in the future optimistically."
"Definitely worth it. Easily the best defender we have on the team. His versitility, toughness, and opportunity making abilities are top notch."
"All Pro Marlo.

&#x200B;

Well deserved."
He’s our best pass rusher this year. Glad we paid him like one!
"I'm new to NFL and the ravens, is this a good move by the Ravens? How good is Humphrey"
Hell yeah! This team is going to keep kicking ass for years. Pretty stoked we're going to see two AFC teams basically running a solid dynasty for the future.
"I’m happy for him, but I thought he would get tre money and not Ramsey money. Deserves it tho."
"A lot of money, worth every penny. First extension is done. Now get Stanley"
Thank god we got him for a longgg time
trying to find numbers but struggling. this is less than ramsey but more than tre white annually right? so well deserved
Not all bad news this week
"caw caw brahs, is this a great deal for us?"
How much guaranteed?
Marvin!!
I've been wanting to get one of the Nike Elite jerseys with #44.  All they have is a size 60.
Let’s book up Ronnie Stanley next please.
So proud of our boy Marvin
"That's a lot of dough, but I've never seen a cornerback as physical as he is."
"Anyone else see this as a pretty team friendly deal when you look at it over 7 years (including this season and his 5th year option). He got paid, but he didn't hold their balls to the bandsaw and get every penny. I think he want's to be surrounded by talent."
"Very happy, but salary cap hell's a comin'.  2 mill a year more than every CB except Ramsey."
Noice I can buy his jersey without being horrified that he’ll leave
Aye bag secured 💰💰.
"anyone who has a good understanding of our cap situation, does this make it difficult to extend Lamar and Stanley down the line?"
MARLON BAG CHASING YESSIR
"Roll Tide, Marlon!"
Marlo getting that bag
[[Video] Marlon Humphrey Gets Emotional Discussing Extension](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/video/marlon-humphrey-gets-emotional-discussing-extension)
Thank you Jesus thank you Lord
Glad he got his bread. He only turns 25 next year and could easily still be here to sign an extension when this contract is running down.
"Damn..... my boy got paid $$$$ Love it, big truss"
"Well, looks like I'll be getting a Marlon jersey in the future."
"Sadly, he is all but impossible to resign in Madden 21"
"Due to the Titans-Steelers game being postponed, they may move the Ravens Steelers game to Week 8 (where the Ravens currently have a bye), so the Titans and Steelers can play Week 7"
I would love this. Give us a week off before Pitt
And the Steelers get the week 4 bye.
This is great for us we get our bye week the week before we play the Steelers and on top of that the Steelers will have to play AJ Brown when they play the Titans (which was pretty unlikely this week).
Bye week before the Steelers game instead of the Colts? [I'll allow it.](https://media.giphy.com/media/146heXDX89mUgw/giphy.gif)
"This makes a ton of sense but I haven't seen this anywhere official yet.  For the time being seems like a reddit theory.

Could happen tho."
"I expect the bye week shift to W7 and Steelers/Ravens in W8 to be the outcome.  The Ravens had 2 big scheduling disadvantages this season:

1. They play 2 teams coming off a bye (that should never happen, as I have written many times).
2. They play the Steelers in a road Thursday game.

This scheduling change will create more relative fairness between the 2 schedules this season.

Steelers fans hate this and are saying the Titans should simply forfeit, but that does not meet the competitive balance needs of the league.

The Ravens had a week 2 bye forced on them in 2008 when Reliant (now NRG) in Houston was damaged by a hurricane.  Rather than play the game in Baltimore or at a neutral site (as has been done for wildfires and other weather situations), the Ravens played the last 15 weeks consecutively and trounced the Texans in week 10, 41-13."
Id be mad if I was a steelers player having to play 13 straight weeks because of a Titans fuck up.
"We all are guilty of these from time to time. I'll go first: many seasons ago, after a couple of terrible games, I remember declaring that we should cut Flacco and tank the rest of the season to draft Johnny Football."
"I thought Lamar was going to turn out to be Tyrod 2.0, only being used in trick plays and wildcat and stuff like that.

I'm extremely happy I was wrong."
"I genuinely thought Lamar would light a fire under Flacco and he would ball out and continue to be our QB for the next 5 years plus. 

Glad that didn’t happen, as much as I love the guy."
Thought Alex Collins was the future at our RB position. He was really good for us for about 2 years but i think the off the field things messed him up
"I did not like drafting Marlon, or Lamar at the time. On the Flip side I loved drafting Elam and Perriman I am so glad I am not the GM"
I wanted baker at 16. Fortunately hue jackson was dumber than I expected and baker was already gone so we got the best qb in that class
"Wasn’t too excited about the 2018 draft class. First, taking Hurst over Ridley irked me. Was happy about Lamar as I was ready for Flacco to be replaced. But other than Lamar (and I wasn’t even THAT pumped about Lamar, just happy we took *any* quarterback) I was not excited about anyone.

*How dumb was I?*

Edited to also add: I thought Trestman was going to be great, I thought Hollywood was going to be Perriman 2.0 when he had injury talks already going into rookie year, I thought Matt Elam was going to be a godsend, I thought the Ravens were going to steamroll the Titans in last year’s playoffs, I thought Ronnie Stanley was gonna be worse than Tunsil

Edited again: I thought Tim Williams was going to be a premier pass rusher for the Ravens some day LOL"
I was pissed we drafted Lamar. Then after his first year was still pissed because he was so inaccurate.
Around 2015-17 I started to doubt Harbaugh and occasionally called for his head. I got really annoyed how reluctant he was to fire our shit OC and DC from those years and was tired of watching us dink and dunk passes with Flacco those years. Really glad we stuck with him and will never doubt him again.
"I thought Arthur Brown was going to be a lynchpin of our defense for years lol

Bonus stupid opinion: I thought Kyle Arrington was going to be the missing piece to send us on a Super Bowl run"
There's a LOT of players I thought would be great for us simply because they'd turn out that way for me in Madden.
I fiercely defended both Billy Cundiff and Lee Evans.
Really wanted Marlon Brown to be a better receiver than he was.
I can’t think of one being overly dumb just had high hopes for Elam and Perriman but for some reason my dad thought Kenny Young was going to be a superstar
Flacco should not have gotten that extension after the superbowl
I was sure Kenneth Dixon was going to be a star :(
I thought Harbaugh was mentally checked out at the end of the Flacco era
I thought Marlon was a dumb pick.
I thought we should’ve put Flacco back in once he got healthy in 2018
I was an Alex Collins truther
"I thought Terrance West was gonna be a staple in our offense for years. (He went to Towson, homer bias)"
"I've got a few:

1. Walked out of the NYG game in 2016 'officially' done with Harbaugh.
2. I threw my hands up in triumph when Ozzie nabbed Elam.
3. Similarly, I thought Brooks and Jernigan would be great Ravens for years."
I thought we should’ve put flacco back in during the playoffs... only for a second but I admit I did
That Flacco was still good from 2015-2018 and he didn’t have the weapons he needed
"I was pretty convinced KB could turn it around a be a real QB for the Ravens. I wasn’t alone and remember logic like, “he missed 6 games his rookie year, so year two is basically still rookie year”"
"In 2014, I REALLY wanted Shanahan something fierce and ij 2015, I wanted Adam Gase even more than I had wanted Shanahan.

Whoops..."
I thought for years that things were going to click for kyle boller.
I thought that the gigantic failure that was our 2015 season was solely due to injuries. everyone would get healthy and we'd be legit super bowl contenders again. 2016 and 2017 were rough.
"I thought lamar should've started day one. But he obviously needed some time to learn and adjust.

I wanted Zach Baun or Aj Epensa this past draft but it doesn't seem like any of them are even playing"
I thought Terrance Brooks was taking Baltimore by storm lol
Stoney Case was gonna be awesome
"When we drafted Ronnie Stanley, I was mad about it."
"I HATED the Ronnie Stanley pick. I wanted Tunsil all the way and was livid we let him slip. 

Well shit I’m glad I can laugh at that. Both great players, no doubt but we got a solid onep"
Shareece wright was decent.
I still have high hopes for Tyus Bowser... though 80% of that is because of his name. (20% because we desperately need a reliable pass rusher.)
I thought Jim Leonhard was going to come back for another run after his best season with us. I was wrong
I thought Troy Smith was the future. He won the Heisman after all!!!
"I'm sure you'll call me stupid for this take but Ed Reed was on a whole different level than Ray Lewis. Ray Lewis had immense talent and his leadership abilities were second to none, but Ed Reed was probably the most talented player that has ever played for us, and may only be second to Lamar depending on how his career plays out in 10 or 20 years time."
I had really high Hope's fpr Perriman back when we drafted him. Boy was I wrong
I preferred Troy Smith to Joe Flacco for a long time. Probably until we let Troy go.
""
Chiefs fan here. Marlon deserves this. Great player. Congrats to securing him for another half a decade. Let’s hope he stays healthy and keep delivering good performances.
lol at that bucket hat resting on the 'fro
How come no one is talking about Broderick Washington being arrested?
[deleted]
[deleted]
#MoneyTeam💥🥊
""
"He's a florida boy, I'm shocked he doesn't have a grill like Hollywood"
"Not really into the iced out jewelry,  being that I use be around it and celebrities.  And I'd get upset at how much they'd drop. 

Anyway i like this piece!!!"
Yeeesuuhhhh he wore this in the interview yesterday
"This is pretty awesome looking, but I can’t help but think of the ravens podcast interview with Matt Stover this week. He talked about how you have to plan so carefully with your money if you want it to last you and yours. It’s a great listen. At one point he mentioned how the NFL used to have 2:1 matching for retirement investments, and how many people didn’t bother to take them up on that because they wanted their money now and didn’t want to think about whats down the road, literally giving up an immediate 200% return on investment. 

I know Lamar is due a big paycheck soon but you’d be shocked how much stuff like this burns through money, like the rolexes he bought his O-Line. Most of these guys’ careers are over before 30, and whatever you’ve earned has to last a long time. 

I know I’m sort of a party pooper here but I want these guys comfortable and taken care of with smart decisions financially. 

All that being said, to Lamar can I borrow that for like a day?"
Raven for life!!
"What's up guys, Jake (@Jakelouque) with the Baltimore Beatdown Podcast here dropping a link to today's show. We had the pleasure of chatting with DC sports media legend Chick Hernandez (@MrChickSports) who hopped on with us to break down Ravens @ WFT. Chick was a hilarious and informative guest and is among my personal favorites that we've had recently, so I hope you guys enjoy! Have a great rest of your week and enjoy the game on Sunday.

Spotify: [https://open.spotify.com/episode/5kdPc3A0JDf2VG0UviHKgO?si=HubGj9\_pQvm8oUOgbQwKcg](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5kdPc3A0JDf2VG0UviHKgO?si=HubGj9_pQvm8oUOgbQwKcg)

Apple: [https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/mr-harbaugh-goes-to-washington-ft-chick-hernandez/id1377269109?i=1000493206452](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/mr-harbaugh-goes-to-washington-ft-chick-hernandez/id1377269109?i=1000493206452)

PS: With the Marlon news dropping just after we recorded last night, I fired up a stream where I individually reacted to that and chatted with some of our great listeners regarding it, and other stuff if you guys are interested. Here's a link to that as well: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGAw5Cp1ZAM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGAw5Cp1ZAM)"
sorry this was caught in the spam filter
"What's up guys, Jake (@Jakelouque) with the Baltimore Beatdown Podcast here dropping a link to today's show. We had the pleasure of chatting with DC sports media legend Chick Hernandez (@MrChickSports) who hopped on with us to break down Ravens @ WFT. Chick was a hilarious and informative guest and is among my personal favorites that we've had recently, so I hope you guys enjoy! Have a great rest of your week and enjoy the game on Sunday.

[Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5kdPc3A0JDf2VG0UviHKgO?si=HubGj9_pQvm8oUOgbQwKcg)

[Apple Podcasts](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/mr-harbaugh-goes-to-washington-ft-chick-hernandez/id1377269109?i=1000493206452)

PS: With the Marlon news dropping just after we recorded last night, I fired up a stream where I individually reacted to that and chatted with some of our great listeners regarding it, and other stuff if you guys are interested. Here's a link to that as well:

[Jake reacts to the Humphrey extension](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfGAw5Cp1ZAM)"
""
His cat is going to be rolling in all the premium cat chow now
He should send that cab driver a box of charging cords.
That's my CB
My next Jersey
So happy I got his jersey last year
Humble and driven. Fuck it I'm buying his jersey
"Holy smoke, what a mature and thoughtful attitude. I've always thought it was incredibly small, selfish, and egotistical to insist on being the highest paid. This guy can see what is important, and it's a great thing that we have an organization like this."
[deleted]
""
Reminds me of all the wire artwork hanging around the city. Very cool shot!
PurPOE Rain-ven
""
i just got that recommendation too. Like Reddit why you gotta do me so dirty 😭
Clearly this is fallout from the meme war. Unfortunately we are the victims
"It goes both ways. I'm from there, got recommend, and came looking for missed memes. Fun week of memes, keep it up."
"Hey all, Chris here from the Ravens ReCAP podcast. As I'm sure everyone here could attest to, it took a little bit to get over the loss to the Chiefs. While the Ravens have had a lot recent success, dealing with the losses gets a little bit more difficult. We discussed where the Ravens fell short, how the Chiefs were able to exploit their weaknesses, and to end things on a lighter note - gave out our Moral Victory awards. Spoiler - Tucker is still the GOAT (not that anyone here disagreed).

You can catch us over at [Apple Podcasts](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/ravens-recap/id1463340394), [Google Podcasts](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cDovL3JhdmVuc3JlY2FwLmNvbS9mZWVkL3BvZGNhc3Qv), or from [our website](http://ravensrecap.com/20-34-2020-kansas-city-recap/). 

Stay tuned for our preview episode of Week 4's matchup against the Washington Football Team. Stay safe out there, and GO RAVENS!"
[deleted]
We could throw out names all we want but if there's one thing I've learned with EDC as GM it's that we never know who's actually on the trade block until they're traded.
Not much. Gotta hope bowser and Judon continue to improve. Maybe Madibuke can provide a spark.
Melvin Ingram the Chargers aren’t going to extend a 31 year old pass rusher and if they aren’t in playoff contention at the trade deadline then they will likely trade him away to get whatever assets they can recoup.  My issue is that I think they are a playoff team so I don’t see them trading Ingram away.
"I was thinking maybe get suggs back. 

Not to actually play, he's too old for that but maybe to help mentor up our young linebacking core. We have a bunch of young pieces who we've invested serious capital in but it seems like we've been having trouble developing them over the last couple of years (excluding mosley). 

Is it at all possible to bring him back as a coach in some form? I'm only getting this desperate because in terms of other players to trade for or sign there's nothing whatsoever."
"The pass rush wasn't the problem, the problem was Mahomes escaping pressure and making plays outside of structure. There's very few QBs that can do that, and Mahomes is close to unstoppable when he brings his A game. There's no need to panic and sell the farm because we lost one game. Now we have it on tape for when we meet up in the playoffs. Let's just calm down, we were never going to go 16-0."
"Only trade target I think you could realistically grab midseason is Whitney Mercilus. Houston's 0-3 and could easily head into midseason at 2-6 or 3-5, and Bill O'Brien has consistently been a complete moron when it comes to trades.

Other than that though, I'm not sure there are any big names that really stick out in my head right now. There may be some unexpected midseason name that comes out of nowhere kind of like Peters did last year, but if I look at teams I think will start a fire sale and pass rushers on those teams, Mercilus is the only name that comes to mind, and I don't really know how much of an upgrade he is from Judon."
Ingram to a contender as a rental or Gus/Hill to someone looking to build for next year. We don’t need 4 RB of this quality when we have other obvious holes.
"Cutting judon is not a possibility as we wouldn’t save any cap space. We can trade him but he’d be an overpaid rental. If we don’t trade him we wouldn’t really have the cap space to sign a big name to help out. If we make a package deal we could potentially pull something off.

If we wait a couple more weeks and Minnesota doesn’t seem to improve, we may be able to package some draft picks and go after Ngakoue. They gave up a second and fifth for him and are 0-3 so they may want their picks back. Their bye is week 6 or 7 so if we wait until then he’d cost us around 5 mil in cap space but we’d have to resign him for a big contract or we’d be giving up draft capital for half a season of playtime.

At this point our best bet is to relook our blitz schemes. Judon is not rushing the passer as much as he should be. Maybe another few weeks will get our dline meshing more. Don’t forget they’ve only played 3 games together so far.

We also may have some trade value in our backfield. I like our running backs but thats a position that if you sub too much its hard for any one player to get hot. Gus(yes i love gus too) and judon may be a good package to a rebuilding team in need of a strong rb2 and an olb they could resign for a not massive deal. The chargers could be an option. Maybe the redskins. Minnesota has no money. 

Ngakoue would be my pick though for a trade target."
We should trade Mark Andrews and Snead for Cam Jordan.
[deleted]
Have you tried talking to him and telling him how you really feel deep down? I’m sure he will understand
You need to go outside
"> This playcalling has been abysmal throughout the entirety of Lamars career, I get it we are down but run the fucking ball 

This is why you are not an NFL head coach. All around a really Stupid take."
lol
He is literally the best ravens coach ever. Believe me im upset we loss to the chiefs but pump the brakes. Also you know harbs doesnt call the plays right
""
Per their subreddit they are Kings in da Norf...
"Texans are at least a decent team, they had as about as tough a first 3 games as you can get"
"Who cares? They’re in first place. They haven’t beat anyone, but they’re still in first place."
They are definitely a good all around team but there is no doubt they've played terrible teams.
"bad news: even if we win Sunday, the Steelers are still gonna be sitting on the top of the AFCN"
"Yes I think they are. This has been like the preseason for Fat Ben, which is exactly what he needed."
“Nobody cares/work harder” type of situation.
Their schedule is cake.
"I’d put $500 on them not making the playoffs, or maybe safer bet is not winning a playoff game since they have a cake schedule but are gonna crumble under any decent team they play"
"only scratched the surface of the season, still a long ways to go, a lot can change"
Yes they definitely are
Steelers looking pretty sus right now.
"Eh ...

You play whoever is on the schedule. So far, they're undefeated. They're who the Ravens have to get past if Baltimore wants the division right now."
1-9 now baby lol
"To be honest, they are always contenders. They have great coaches and players. These may have been easy games, but they won and got it done. Steelers have often fallen to lesser teams. 

I do feel we are better, but they have a fantastic defence and an offence that can move the ball."
the answer: no
""
Love the spirit on this team. Everyone got each others backs.
LOL Ingram got enough love for everyone
"MP Juiceman, Money Man Marlo, now we gotta wait for Ingram to come up with names for Chuck and Deshon lmao"
Mark Ingram could get me hyped about literally anything.
""
I’m impressed that you fit 60 minutes of material into 40 minutes.
[removed]
[deleted]
"@Ravens @marlon_humphrey Live look at Snowball when Marlo got home. 

***

posted by [@52BigRed](https://twitter.com/52BigRed)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Disregard that the dude got his name wrong smh
dont spend it all on white pussy marlon!
"@Ravens @marlon_humphrey Live look at Snowball when Marlo got home. 

***

posted by [@52BigRed](https://twitter.com/52BigRed)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
This would give us two weeks to prepare for the Steelers.
"Yeah, this actually works in our favor. Moving our bye one week earlier, which is really not a big deal. And then instead of both us coming off the bye to play each other, we will have two weeks off while the Steelers will now only have one before our game."
And we lose a bye week? I’m confused
""
I know he’s not the most popular former Raven but the [most recent reports](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/30015123/nfl-says-steelers-titans-game-played-week-4-two-more-positive-tests) say he is one of the Titans with COVID. Get well soon man.
"Ravens legend, dean pees disciple.

Actually kinda wrecked the game  vs Tennessee."
""
"I am a Ravens fan, and I approve this message."
Aaron Rodgers can do that because he's Aaron Rodgers lol. Lamar will need to earn that as he continues to grow.
[Lamar back in the huddle after running QB Power](https://tenor.com/view/miracle-kurt-russell-herb-brooks-again-gif-17714540)
"Funny on its own, IMO Lamar just needs to audible more. There has to be a run/rpo out of almost every base formation they use, just audible into one every now and then when Roman is getting squirrely."
Wishbone formation every play.
"*Gets down by 3* 

G.R- PASSES ONLY BOIS"
Rodgers should be calling the damn plays anyway
"Literally stole this from my comment yesterday over in r/nfl but you aren’t lying


Edit : [here’s the link not being a dick ](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/j2uk66/packers_aaron_rodgers_sometimes_pretends_his/g7830pe/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)"
[removed]
"Imagine how sorry a life a person has to have to make a sleeper account just to troll. While individuals are out socializing and dating, improving themselves, making money you just sit at home being a troll. 


Good luck with your life. You are gonna need it."
Didn't they already win 2 games? Lol
0-16 but the Ravens are 2-1 currently 🤨
Do you use that fist on your mom when your stacking her box?
Just saying the OP is a bigot.
"Ravens fan here. And I want to say that being 30, I’ve seen some incredible QB’s & players. I grew up loving both of our Ravens SB’s. I loved the Mile High miracle. I loved seeing Brees fling bullets and I’ve been a huge closet packers supporter since I was little! Aaron Rodgers is one of my favorite QB’s ever. Although fuck the Pats, I loved the Brady v. Manning battles over the years. And I was young enough to see some of Montana’s awesome moments. 

Now Lamar, Russ & Murray are ushering in a new hybrid of QB and I’m super ecstatic to see the evolution we’re moving into. But I will say this: #15 in KC - Patrick Mahomes is a fucking freak of nature. He’s literally insane and i can’t articulate how much in awe I am a lot of times seeing him play. I love my QB. But I know his shortcomings. I’m a realist. 

What’s worse is he’s vested our team on multiple occasions, which is frustrating. He’s such a phenom to watch against other teams and he’s such a fucking heartbreaker every time we play him. 

The truth is we’re going to have to defeat Thanos to get to the last dance. There’s no fucking way around it. Sorry if I seem to be rambling. I’m just venting. But at the end of the day, I know we’ll easily be 13-3 or 14-2 again. But the truth is we have to overcome this hump in order to secure another ring. 

I have high hopes and lots of optimism for our future. Lamar will get better. And we have to learn to relax and play from behind. The only way from here is up! Thx for listening to my ted talk."
I thought you were going to vent?
"The truth is, after rewatching the game, it’s a combination of things more than just Mahomes. Andy Reid is a god damn wizard. 80% of the successful plays run by the Chiefs were schemed successes. All Mahomes has to do is stick to the game script and on those 10-15 plays that aren’t schemed successfully, if makes them right on 50%, they are impossible to beat. So that 7-8 plays a game that Mahomes really destroys your team’s morale or can make or break a game outcome"
"Mahomes is the best in the NFL, and when his career is over he could well be the ""Michael Jordan"" of the NFL


But, in that loss he wasnt that amazing. Our pass rush was tame, we tried playing man coverage but stood off them because we were scared of the deep threat (because no pass rush)

He made a lot of easy throws to open guys, we made it too easy for him"
""
"Whoever wrote this script needs a raise.


From the reference to ""kryptonite"" from Lamar's presser to the ""hero's journey"" motif. 


Best. media. team. in. the. league."
Warning: Billy cundiff makes an appearance in this
"was that yanda with the ""we fight"" in the beginning?"
Man you’re quick lol honestly it was very well put
Flacco is in at QB
NEW YORK RAVENS BABY
THEY ALSO ACTIVATED THE OTHER LAMAR JACKSON TONIGHT
He gone
"If the Jets win, it never would’ve happened without the help of Joe.

If they lose, it’s cuz they didn’t keep Joe in long enough."
Joe as of right now will finish the game with a passed rating of 100!
Just came for this
We deserve this as a fanbase after Monday
THIS IS NOT A DRILL
It was nice while it lasted
Let’s go Joe!!
Let's go!!!!!
“Never thought I’d cheer side by side a Jets fan”
Jets almost fucked up and made this an exciting game. Then they put Sam Darnold back in.
He hit them with that Wide 80 and the defense couldn’t handle it. Best passer rating MVP
Ayyy i just tuned in when i read this! LETS FUCKIN GO JOE
Might be the last time we ever hear him do the cadences before a snap. Distinctive voice
*ELITE*
Is that Ravens UDFA legend Tim Patrick leading the Broncos in receiving
I'm late to the party and at work what happened with the dragon
Standing still lined up at wideout?
"“Wide 80... set hut” :,)"
He should be starting above darnold imo
J-flacc-elicious?
It was nice to see him out there!
""
Let’s go Joe.
FLACCO
JOEEEEEE
LETS GO FLACCO
"Darnold went out with an upper body injury and Flacco is now in.

Flacco’s first toss was a five yard checkdown that turned into an 11 yard gain... on 3rd and 30."
Flacco and Lamar Jackson in for the Jets. Franchise saved.
Diddle diddle up the middle worked once and I'll f****** do it again
It’s elite dragon time.
Annnd they lose!
""
Elite golden dragon
Such a beautiful man
Practice squad CB got called up today
"Lamar Jackson and Joe Flacco are playing together?

What the fuck is this, 2018?"
Also just came here for this
This joke should provide years worth of bad jokes in /r/ravens and /r/nfl.
"I consumed a small edible a little while before this game, so things like 'Lamar Jackson comes up with the stop' were really throwing me for a loop."
"I know they don't play, but what if the Ravens played the Jets this year and Lamar Jackson intercepted Lamar Jackson."
""
Fuck that guy
This dude ain't funny
This guy is an irredeemable douche...but this is funny
Portnoy is literally cancer
Unpopular opinion I think Dave is funny
And darnold got sacked immediately. Coincidence?
Could have let the poor bloke finish the set of downs.
LET THE MAN COOK
super bowl mvp joe FLACCO would never
"The way I see it, Joe either contributed to a Jets win or they didn’t keep him in long enough."
"Good, I don’t want Flacco involved in any Jets bullshit. Fuck Gase....he risked the health of a rookie to the point that his mother is pissed of on social media about it, made Fangio want to leave right away cause he didn’t want to fight..etc"
That is all
He's gonna ball out week 17
Trace the Ace
"I played against him in high school, Jon Allen from Washington too. Good guys"
McGoatly
""
Trigger warning: Billy Cundiff
Is that Bill Billick narrating?
[removed]
Congrats little Billy you learned the emoji buttons. I'm so proud of you my nephew
Ye dude great stuffing dog. Have a good one. Keep preaching my g on god.👍👍👍👍👍👍🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
""
""
"Allbright has tweeted on more than one occasion that in the event that Gase is fired, Jets’ GM is looking at dipping his hand into the Ravens pot again for his next head coach"
""
""
"Wow. This whole write up is a lot more positive than I expected. 

I obviously don’t watch each lineman play-by-play so I trust the grades, but my eye test was that it was a complete dumpster fire. 

Felt like Lamar was sacked often and quickly, and was running for his life soon after the snap almost every time we passed"
"If you were looking for the bright spot against the Chiefs, it was probably the OL play:

1. 4 sacks allowed (3 charged to OL)
2. No QH and only 2 pressures
3. Low total of missed blocks (15 for the whole line)
4. Bozeman's streak of 13 straight games without any share of a sack was broken"
I think you missed several bad play by Brown he looked slow and lost to me
Good to see that Phillips had a good game
"Watching all the injuries in just a handful of games played there, I'd be terrified about sending any of our young players onto that field. Really glad they're coming to us, not the other way around."
"I’m not sure what the heck is going on with that field.  It’s seems like a normal regulation field.  Strange.

I really hate watching games on that turf.  So glad the ravens got rid of it.  I wish the teams would go back to grass, but I think that ship has sailed."
Six personal foul penalties will do that. I'm more glad we're not playing the jets.
"I live in NYC so I was pissed when they first announced the schedule, but then realized there's be no crowd due to covid anyways."
It was the first thing I checked after the 49ers game.
Who was injured there?
""
It's Canada so they get a pass. :)
He's swimming in the money now.
Fishing master Marlin Humfree
Wonder if he'd like it more than Humphries
"Say goodbye to Homer J. Simpson, from now on I will be know as.... Homer Jay Simpson"
What am I missing here? That it's spelt Marlin in the inage?
"Damn. I knew Marlon's new deal was huge, but I didn't know he was making ***that much*** money. I even had to double check to make sure that those weren't Canadian dollars"
[deleted]
"How about we beat them first, then make fun of them? Or better yet, beat them and not make fun of them."
Their name is less embarrassing now.
""
[deleted]
"i personally think that no one is devaluing themselves more right now than mark andrews. there is a direct correlation between mark andrews' games where he leaves his hands at home and lamar's off games (AKA, when he's hitting andres in the hands). if i had to name one player (not coach, because if it's coaches and players i'm blaming roman and harbaugh) to take the blame for the titans game it's andrews. and honestly, he's up there for blame for the chiefs game as well. if he wants to be up there with kittle and kelce, he can't drop balls that hit him in the hands. lamar didn't play well i agree, but if our number one target can't catch a ball that hit him in the hands . . . you can understand why lamar couldn't string something together."
Don’t forget that Lamar is young and has time to grow and improve his game.
Lamar is not going to put up MVP caliber numbers again this year with that OL.
"Yes he will get elite QB money but if he loses again and doesn’t look good doing it then it will obviously bring the number down somewhat. 

I doubt he gets Mahomes money, nor should he, but it will be more than anyone else has ever gotten. Will be interesting to see how he and Dak compare."
He is getting mahomes money barring a career ending injury
"Watson gave a good barometer for if this happens. If he does progress and wins a playoff game or two, then we’ll be in the Mahomes neighborhood. 

Gotta say, I haven’t been this bummed and deflated about a loss in a while. I don’t think the Titans was even this bad, to be frank."
"I worry more about the affect on Lamar's mind. If he gets labeled as 'can't win the big games,' that can get in his head and become a self-fulfilling prophecy."
""
Gotta give them credit.  They definitely got our offense out of sync.  I still think Lamar gets jitters in big games.  He was missing throws that he normally makes. Hopefully he can grow out of that.
"This doesn't really mesh with what Jackson said after the game - I thought I saw him say that the Chiefs used the same approach the Titans did, but that wasn't really the case. Chiefs were more aggressive with man coverage."
""
oh lort
"#TUCKER-GASM

#STILL FUCKING GOT IT, OH LAWT"
when you nut but she still tucking
"“*Iron Dick* ain’t just a meme, son.”

 - Joe Flacco"
"Oh, look, it's Joe Flacco not caring after he got his big contract! Just like he was busy not caring after he got his big contract, when he played on a torn ACL! ^Don't ^mind ^me ^I'm ^just ^annoyed ^at ^all ^the ^armchair ^psychologists ^shitting ^on ^Joe ^in ^this ^sub ^recently."
brazzers logo
GOAT
Josh Scobee sucks lmao
"Was this the 5-11 season where they swept the Stillers and drafted Stainley?

Still one of my favorite losing seasons ever."
Kind of miss joe.
Flacco: “SURPRISE! BUTTSECKS!”
"What a mess that game was, but absolutely delightful to win. Just to lose to the Browns and a butt TD the next week! What a no good, miserable season. But leaving a sad crowd at Heinz is never a waste."
I just realized the Steelers haven’t beaten us in almost 2 full years 😂😂 these clowns on their sub reddit thinking they already got the North on lock because they 3-0 against the worsts teams in the NFL. Yes we got our asses beat on Monday but they acting like it’s over for us
when she sucks your dick and swallows your nut
What are you doing step-quarterback?
"Saint Joe casting out demons.

Be gone, ye acursed missers of 50 yarders."
...I’ll be in my bunk
I was at this game. Steelers fans were so salty.
Elite
Man I feel old
""
"GIF War with KC

MSPaint War with WFT"
ITS FOOTBALL TEAM WEEK!
"my favorite games of the year. i live right outside DC in virginia and i’m soooo hyped. my good family friends are season ticket holders (9th row on the fuckin 20 yard line next to the ravens tunnel) so the seats are crazy. went to the skins ravens 2018 & 2019 preseason games, yes the ones where justin ‘goat’ tucker hit a 62 yarder in 2018 and then a 65 in 2019 right in front of my eyes. fuck i love the ravens"
"i am abstaining from watching this game. 

duel skins ravens fan. 

if i drank i'm sure i'd be drinking heavily tomorrow to drown myself in my sadness lol."
"Highlights: https://youtu.be/UieJPp1ssRc
EDIT: DARNOLD IS 50/50 FOR THE NEXT GAME FLACCO MAY START"
Damn I miss that cadence 🤣🤣
"3rd and 30, gain of 8. Never change."
He throws one of the nicest spirals I’ve ever seen.
"I see joe...I upvote.

Sucks to see him on jets though. I really would love him to ride a bench for a contendor."
#elite
When you find out your ex is on their 3rd relationship and is doing kinda okay lol
Needs more Dennis Pitta
"Honestly, he looked good. 

Glad to see him healthy again."
"Look at those eyes, those beautiful Super Bowl eyes"
ELITE!!
GOAT shit.
"If the Jets kept him in, they would’ve won."
GET THIS MAN A GOLD JACKET !!!!
SOMEBODY PAY THIS MAN MORE MONEY
I was screaming when he went in and I called him going short over the middle on that 3rd and 20 (or whatever it was). STILL ELITE
Those uniforms are hideous
"Count on Joe to whip Ravens North into shape. Adam Gase? GTFO, this is Joe's team."
His combover is going to last until he’s 85
I saw the brief highlights. Elite checkdown
""
"Even beyond the optics of this incident, how can the NFL continue to allow coaches like Andy Reid get away with only a face shield?  Numerous studies concluded that face shields do nothing to prevent transmission of COVID.  Heck, even the neck gaiter that Harbaugh is wearing has limited efficacy.  

They need to mandate effective masks and require they be worn at all times."
"I was surprised he did it, because Harbs has actually been one of the better coaches I’ve seen in terms of staying masked all game. But he hates to pass up an opportunity for some good ref chewing out."
"I would like to voice my strong disapproval about how they assign us the shittiest ref in the history of football, and should instead give us someone that can appropriately call holding, offsides, and other basic calls. Not sure why that grown ass man sounds like a whiney tween age girl, but he has always been terrible. “Greatest refs in the league” my fucking ass"
Cool. Fine harbaugh 10k for the mask and fine each member of the refereeing crew 10k for that shitty call.
"I love Harbs but he was wrong here. He got angry and popped off but he’s a role model and he knows it.

Side note: did anyone else crack up when they showed Ozzie on TV in the stands without a mask then hurriedly put one on when he realized he was on TV? (I don’t blame him for not wearing one. He wasn’t near anybody as far as I could tell but I appreciated that he tried to set a good example while on TV)"
Fuck the refs
Maybe the refs should have actually done their job right. That tripping call was absolute nonsense.
"If a fine is standard-issue for coaches pulling down the mask to yell at refs, then by all means, fine Harbaugh. But the ref was not standing near Harbaugh, and refused to go over to the Ravens sideline to speak to him. AND, the call was utter bullshit. So, sure- fine him for pulling down his mask for 15 seconds while he disputed a bad call. Don't make it sound like he was being malicious and trying to spit on you lmao"
"NFL Referees Association Executive Director Scott Green voiced strong disapproval to NFL EVP Troy Vincent about \#Ravens coach John Harbaugh pulling down his neck gaiter to yell at officials Monday night and demanded the league take action, per sources.

The NFL declined comment.

***

posted by [@TomPelissero](https://twitter.com/TomPelissero)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"How bout the refs running around with their mask down before and after making calls or going to the replay booth..

How bout not call phantom tripping penalties that was so obvious the commentators for the game had to go out of their way to mention how much ""experience"", the officiating crew had Monday night..

How bout not call phantom offsides penalties..

How bout stop making games about the refs and let the teams play each other..

Fuck outta here"
If they fine Harbaugh then they should fine every ref that takes off their mask to announce calls
""
Yeah I don’t really know either😂
What’s with any trend on TikTok?
Future Jet
""
""
"Everyone knew this season was going to be a mess going in, but I'm not going to be mad about having a bye week before playing Pittsburgh tbh"
"TBH it's Pittsburgh who should be maddest. Their bye week has now been moved and I'm sure they had already planned things around it, and now we'll be coming off a bye when we first face them."
"Is this bad for us? Steelers have to have an early bye week which fucks their schedule/rest late in the season, and we have two weeks to prepare for them instead of one week"
Moving our bye up one week is hardly fucking our season
"Supposedly the Patriots game with the Chiefs got delayed to Monday because Chiefs players tested positive too..hmm

Edit a chiefs practice squad QB who was in close contact with Mahomes"
"Everyone should mentally prepare for the real possibility this season doesn’t complete.

The nfl had so much time to plan and did nothing"
Why do we assume that everyone who gets COVID is some kind of irresponsible moron lol
""
This is a good thing. Now we play the Steelers off of our bye and they have to play like 13 games in a row lol
NFL really screwed over the Steelers. Now we’re gonna win by 40 instead of 30
Fuck the Steelers
[deleted]
"Having that week off, especially for Stanley is great"
""
"Because of the Titans Covid cases, our bye week has been moved to week 7. What are your thoughts about this change and the 5-6 though games that we’ll have from week 8 to 14?"
We get steelers at home after a Bye. Thats cool and the steelers have to play 13 straight games. That really helps us in the division.
"It doesn’t matter.

but the fact that the Steelers have to play 13 straight games definitely doesn’t hurt us..."
Week 8 to Week 14 will define this team the same way it did last year
"I would have preferred the later Bye to be honest, I feel like the rest helps more.  But at least we can have an extra week to prepare for the Steelers and get folks healthy--we need our line in tiptop shape against their pass rushers."
Extra week prepping for Steelers makes the change worth it
""
"If the colors were reversed, these would be sooooo cool. I'm not the biggest fan of white shoes but these look dope nonetheless."
"I love that these are so nice and that you could grab 2 pairs

I hate that I'm piss poor"
Yeah got one for my gf easy birthday present
I like... My hokas are about worn this season and am in need of another high mileage shoe...
One shoe each?
""
"This is a 12-minute podcast where cohost u/DPRees8 and I introduce 5 statistics each which tell the current story of the Ravens in terms of the past game, next game, or season to date.  

We're trying to come up with shorter content alternatives to the 1-hour plus offense, defense, and know-your-foe pods.  To that end, I'm open to alternatives and happy to consider shorts or other regular pods that include the r/ravens community."
""
Oh ^word
"I reckon they will be inactive. Not so much of an issue if smith doesn’t play, but Stanley being out is a slight worry. Regardless of Washington missing two great defensive players, they still have a good line."
Stanley is literally always injured.
[removed]
trent dilfer disagreed with this
Cool
"They're**

Can't go 0-16 when you're 2-1."
"If you're going to troll, at least put some effort into it."
How hasn't this guy been banned yet? 3-4 days in a row of obvious troll posts...
Metlife Stadium is more of a threat to the Ravens than either the Jets or Giants are.
Don’t bring our friends the Jets into this.
Its karma for what happens on the baseball side of things.
"They’re*

Nice troll smooth brain."
THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS
This guy again lol
[deleted]
""
"Really cool analysis. Always had a soft spot for film breakdowns, love seeing just how much impact something most fans might not think much about has on the game!"
"“mCvAy mIgHt  b ThA gOat coAch whEN iTs alL sAiD an DoNe” - Casuals back in 2018 

Dudes the Mike Dan Toni or how ever u spell his last name of the NFL. Gimmick coach"
[deleted]
""
"1. This is a copy cat league, like the video says, and team use a ton of similar plays all the time.

2. Your title is not at all what the video is saying. The only thing they are really saying is Baltimore used motion during the snap a lot last year, leading the league with the Rams at 4th. Since, McVay has used motion during the snap more, so they are now 2nd in NFL. That has more to do with the personnel they have rather than exactly play calling, and the Ravens are the ones who created it or perfected it. McVay is just smart and saw how it helped the Ravens and increased its usage, but spoiler alert, so did every other team in the NFL, including the Ravens"
I hope we're stealing Andy Reid's plays. That fullback shuffle pass up the middle on the goal line was a thing of beauty.
"This isn't anything new, the Patriots were running the Baltimore blitz schemes all last season and they got deemed the best defense in the league by everyone"
""
Is this the heir to Jaleel Scott we have been seeking?
Why is this such a bop?
Wtf this is pretty good.
Why do I actually like it
Throw it on a dime
LMFAOOOOO
I still want us to call him RT3.
I’d love if we started putting Trace in some when we get out of reach ahead instead of just RG3. My PA in-laws hate the Ravens but are the biggest Penn State homers it would make their heads explode.
Lmao it’s actually pretty good
""
Some old song that was made when he was at Penn State blew up and its become a meme on tiktok for some reason
So out of the loop. Anyone have links.?
I'm not sure man
"When the memes die in this sub, we'll win an SB."
[deleted]
"The Chiefs are the defending champs for a reason. They are a complete squad that brought back almost everyone from the championship team plus they are led by the best QB in the game right now. They are the NFLs equivalent to a raid boss.

We got our asses destroyed but that's fine. Ash Ketchum lost plenty of Pokémon battles before he became the best. It'll just make when we finally beat them that much sweeter, hopefully on the way to this years Superbowl.

Also, fuck the Steelers. What kind of crack are you on to think they're even in the same conversation as the Chiefs."
"In the words of Aaron Rodgers, RELAX."
"The steelers aren't the chiefs. 

The ravens in the lamar era are 22-1 against teams not names the chiefs in the reg season. 

Also, the steelers aren't SuperBowl caliber. They are overrated. Their offense in particular is average. Our offense is in flux right now and is probably still better than theirs."
"It’s because you’re a realist. You can see we have issues, regardless of us being a good team. You can see that this team still isn’t quite there to take that next step and win a meaningful game. 

We may have won yesterday, but that team to me didn’t look like a super bowl contending team. I just hope we can continue to put it together and improve over the season so we will be ready for the playoffs. We really need to get better in a few areas. Pass rush, oline and the receivers."
"It was a horrible performance. It happens. Go through every Super Bowl champion throughout history and most of them had below-par-to-horrible performances during the regular season. 

Truth be told, I don't think this Ravens team has a passing game that's good enough to go blow for blow with KC. Their passing game is too efficient and explosive to completely slow down. That said, anything could happen in a play-off game and the Ravens could still go on to win it all. There are too many variables to believe one bad dictates a season or play-off performances."
Cant win them all...Gotta move on
"If the ravens can move on to the next week, you can too. 

Move on. Your negativity is annoying."
"We don't have 3 TE sets now that allows for an extra blocker to give Lamar enough time for plays to develop and sit in the pocket to throw with complete accuracy, or keep it and zoom past defenders for 8+ yards. Our RPOs were crazy last year because we had options and we were unpredictable. 

But with Yanda and Hurst gone, we are left one-dimensional and Greg Roman's playbook isn't that creative or imaginative to figure out once we don't give Lamar enough chance of success to relax and run through his reads and options. 

I'm just going to say what nobody wants to admit:

We are NOT as good or complete of a football team as we were last year. Greg Roman and his playbook has become stale and predictable, and we're about to get exposed even more this season if things don't change drastically, and soon. We're in a rebuilding year after this post off season, and we may be for some time."
Imagine how Lamar and the rest of the team feels.
"Remember, there were simple mistakes that turned that into a very different game.  Andrews dropped 11 points, which is uncharacteristic.  Also, defences improve and learn more as the season goes on, and our young linebacker corps and safeties are gaining the experience they need to use the zone coverages that could deal with Kelce, Hill and Watson more effectively.  Our pass rush isn't something that can be fixed overnight, but improving linebacker coverage skills make blitzing less dangerous.  

It'll be alright."
Haha. I watched the Ravens 2007 blow out loss to the steelers on Monday Night to lessen the pain against the game we had against the chiefs that night.
"The Ravens bounced back to beat the team from DC.  Can they make it 2 in a row?
#Week 4 Results

|Score|Guess|Result|
|:--|:--|:--|
|+6|Final Score|31-17 Ravens|
|+3| How many different RAVENS players will record TDs |3 (Ingram, Jackson, Andrews)|
|+1| Total COMBINED field goals |2 (Ravens:1, Washington:1)|

#scoring

|Earns|Winner(s)|
|:--|:--|
|+6| |
|+3| u/SC0RCHER55 u/zombiereign u/samvikingo u/B_Boll u/SNRavens91 u/rvnblt|
|+1| u/IcelandicRaven u/kevin12345420 u/PaulBademeister u/SNRavens91|

**Lucky Guess Standings after Week 4**

|Rank|Username|+6|+3|+1|Total Points|
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| 1 | u/SNRavens91   | 0 | 3 | 2 | 11 |
| 2 | u/SC0RCHER55              | 0 | 2 | 3 | 9 |
| 3 | u/samvikingo             | 0 | 2 | 2 | 8 |
| 4 | u/AHoneyBC  | 0 | 2 | 1 | 7 |
| 4 | u/zombiereign   | 0 | 2 | 1 | 7 |
| 5 | u/kevin12345420              | 0 | 1 | 3 | 6 |
| 6 | u/MarcusMcGuane              | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 7 | u/GandalfTheSilverFox              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/Juggling_T_Rex             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/ColoradoRavensFan              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/JayJayfortheRavs             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/SurfPlumber   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/PimpDaddyGrimes   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/toners889   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/KaiShep   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/t_mills42   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/IcelandicRaven   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/rvnblt    | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/Folby_Orb   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/NaanBradOSRS   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/acemanico   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/Baroudii   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/Ioanni_hackvirtus  | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/peanutburger   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/FricknPlausible   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/gnarkilleptic   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/CarelessCompetition   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/680Man   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/B_Boll   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/RamRod013    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 9 | u/No0ther0ne    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 9 | u/SheUsedToLoveMe   | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 9 | u/zaraxia101    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 9 | u/PauleBademeister    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 10 | u/King_Clitorus    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/YEAH_J22TS   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/iceup17    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/Mrusername   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/TheProGamer77   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/ogdonut    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/Gio52903  | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/gboccia   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/Cryophobiaa    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/Paraxom   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/steamyjeans33    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |

#Week 5

#Bengals @ Ravens

**Guesses submitted after 10/11/20 at 1pm EST will not be counted.**

**Scoring will be as follows:**

* 6 points: final score (with winner)  
* 3 points: Total combined sacks recorded by both teams
* 1 point: Total RAVENS field goals

#Good luck!"
"View in your timezone:  
[10/11/20 at 1pm EDT][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20201011T1700?tl=Lucky%20Guess%202020%20(Week%205)


^(_*Assumed EDT instead of EST because DST is observed_)"
"33-21 Ravens   
4 sacks  
2 field goals"
"34-20 Ravens

3 sacks

2 field goals"
"38-20 Ravens

Combined sacks - 5

Ravens field goals - 1"
"37-20 Ravens

5 sacks

3 Ravens field goals"
"30-16 Ravens

7 Sacks

3 Field Goals"
"41-16 Ravens

6 total sacks

2 Ravens field goals"
"28-13 Ravens

3 sacks

0 field goals"
"34-17 Ravens..
6 combined sacks..
2 fgs.."
"34-17 Ravens

3 sacks

2 Ravens field goals"
"28-13 Ravens

5 sacks

2 FG"
"38 - 13 Ravens

5 Sacks

1 Fieldgoal"
"Ravens 30-16

6 Sacks 

3 field goals"
"31-14 ravens

5 sacks

1 ravens field goal"
"34-17 Ravens

3 Combined sacks

2 Ravens field goals"
"42-17 Ravens

5 sacks

0 field goals"
"43 - 8 Ravens

9 sacks

0 Ravens FGs

Bonus: Ravens score on their own kickoff."
"41-14 Ravens

6 sacks

3 FGs"
what are you guys thoughts on this? they are atop the division although the teams they have beat arent particuarly strong.
The Steelers and the Browns will remain competitive the rest of the year I think. The AFCN crown will not be a cakewalk
The Steelers are ALWAYS a concern.
"Every team should be a concern. If you go into any game thinking it's gonna be easy, you're setting yourself up for failure."
Yes and the browns are too now. Their defense still isn’t great but their offense was firing hard yesterday and I’m a bit worried about that
"Yes. They always are. Same with the Browns. 

The cowboys scare me because I just don’t think we can keep up with them, regardless of how bad their defence may be. 

That will be a game where we will need to completely lean on the run and take up time"
Yes. Have people forgotten why we say Fuck The Steelers around here???
100% The AFC North is the best division in football again. The road still goes through us though.
>!fuck steelers!<
The question is are the steelers what their record says they are?
Of course. Only a clown would say otherwise
"They are our biggest rival, they will always be our biggest concern. Honestly, the division title will come down to those 2 games"
"Absolutely.  On the bright side, their offensive strengths don't line up with our defensive weaknesses.  They don't have a shifty back that can break one to the outside.  I am not a Conner believer.  They like to attack the second level which is also where we are strong defensively.

They have the best defense in the league though I think."
"If Pitt can beat KC in the playoffs (Pitt has a pass rush) and then get obliterated by us, that'd be great."
NOPE
As long as Ben can stay on The field we must always be weary of the old fat fuck leading the opposition
Always.
"they havent made the playoffs since 2017

anyone who is actually scared of them is too wrapped in the ""hur dur were rivals!!"" bullshit.

They have a good defense, and a decent offense. We outclass the fuck out of them this year."
"Just a few observations I had, now that I’ve slept on it overnight.

1. The Oline looked a little better yesterday (crazy since we were missing an all-pro tackle), especially the guards. I’m not saying they were leaps and bounds better but I think we saw better play overall against a good defensive front. 

2. The defense was fine. You give up yards in a game, that’s just how it works. Teams are targeting our linebackers because they know we’re weak there. Though, Queen was everywhere yesterday. I’m not a huge fan of how far off our corners play but I trust that Peters and Hump make the play. My only concern is how they’ll hold up against players who can make them pay on YAC. How good is Marlo? My lord. 

3. The play calling remains suspect. Sometimes I think GRo has fell into this “Lamar can’t throw” narrative and feels like he has to prove people wrong. I’m not saying run the damn ball all the time, but I still feel like we’re struggling to find our offensive identity. We need some fresh plays that allow Lamar to be Lamar. 

4. Completely my opinion here but I think lacking a 3rd TE has thrown our game off a little as well. I’m not criticizing the trade, I think JK pays off, but I think not having that third TE has made it easier for teams to figure out the play type. We know Andrews is usually catching, and Boyle blocking. Not all the time but a fair amount of the time. We need that TE who can do it all decently so teams have to second guess it. 

5. I don’t know if it’s the line, game plan or play calling but Lamar looks like he’s playing a bit rattled. With that being said his competitiveness is so fun to watch. I remember watching him scramble for like 3 yards on a 3rd down yesterday, no way in hell he was getting it, but he still stuffed the defender and tried like hell. 

6. We need pass rush help, I think that’s universally agreed on. However, it’s not like elite pass rushers are cheap, or even available. I really think we need to take a look at Clay Matthews as a veteran presence to help. 

7. WR is an issue. Hollywood plays well enough but they double him up because he’s our only catching threat aside from Andrews. When Hollywood does make a play he is either immediately tackled or has to go down to avoid getting wrecked. I’d really like to see some slants with him and Duvernay, let them actually use that speed. 

8. Good teams beat bad teams when they’re suppose to, and we did. I remember the old days where we would of went in and lost by 3 points because we played down so bad. I just don’t think we will see the level of dominance we saw last year, partly because teams are studying a lot of tape, and our line isn’t the same. However, be happy about the win, some of you all act like we lost. I get being upset about the Chiefs, I do, but damn man life is to short. The whole “doesn’t matter cause we can’t beat the Chiefs/a good team” narrative is exactly what the media wants you thinking. I’m not saying ignore the teams flaws, half the fun of football is talking about how a team can improve, but don’t rob yourself of actually enjoying the team. 

Just my thoughts, more than open to civil conversation about how we think we can improve/ the team in general. Have a good day my fellow flock members. Sorry for any typos."
"I agree with all of your points. 

The offensive line did pretty well considering the front they were up against and Stanley being out. 

The running backs do seem like they are getting off to a slow start in most games. Not sure if that is the play calling with halftime adjustments or what. I do think losing Hurst hurts right now but will payoff with Dobbins eventually, and Hurst wanted the trade anyway. 

And yeah, Lamar doesn't seem to be playing with as much confidence so far this year.  The passing game has seemed pretty weak and I think a veteran possession WR would help significantly if one was available."
"I like the WR point. While watching SNF, I saw how SF utilizes their WR. Letting the young guys make plays. The Ravens need to get Proche and Duvernay in as much as possible. It is no surprise that the Ravens can’t produce WR because they don’t freakin use them. So frustrating knowing there is talent in Proche and Duvernay that hasn’t been seen cause they aren’t given the chance. Look at the steelers using their guys. This is the biggest flaw this team has and risk need to be taken for big rewards. #LetThemPlay #PutEmIn"
"I don’t think the problem is with Lamar and the receivers I think it’s with roman being unable to scheme a good passing attack. Our wrs are constantly running into each other’s areas, running decoy routes, and just not getting open quickly on routes. Roman needs to understand that he needs to call more slants, screens, and quick rpos to get opposing pass rushes to stay back, which will take pressure off the oline. It’s infuriating watching Lamar hold the ball while everyone goes deep and nobody gets open. He needs to diversify the passing attack or we’re gonna be in trouble, I can already see signs of the offense getting stale and opposing teams picking up on it. Lamar is good enough that we can play average offensively vs bad teams, but vs the elite playoff teams, that shit will not work. I honestly think if we lose in the playoffs again this year in an embarrassing way we should take a look at firing roman"
"3) I think they want to get Lamar more passing plays in games where we're up to identify where he struggles. That way they can work on it for situations we're down. I'd sacrifice 30+ point wins where we only run the ball for 15+ point wins where we can improve as a passing team

4) I think having Ricard has 3rd TE isn't working.  Especially when Boyle isn't a great receiver either. If Andrews is off, our 3 TE sets become worthless. Hurst was great at blocking AND receiving making him so valuable for that scheme. I think you have to dedicate Ricard to FB and find a 3rd TE that can specialize in receiving. That way Boyle goes back to blocking and we get a 2nd option from Andrews when he gets shut down. 

6) We need pass rush help badly. No one is getting through, even when we blitz. I really want it to be that Judon is being focused in on, and that's why he cant get home, but they need to shake up the front 7 somehow. Whether it's Clay Matthews, Cam Wake, or even just activating Madubuike, they need to change. 

7) Kinda leans into 4) where I think getting a 2nd receiving TE opens up this offense, but I also think they have way too much faith in Boykin and Snead. Duvernay and Proche should be on the field more to run a Chiefs-lite ""Speed Kills"" offense. Same with using Dobby and Ingram in the passing game. I'm so tired of seeing Boykin be in 1-on-1's with a CB, and get beat when he has a clear size advantage."
Hey mr WVU ravens. I’m also a WVU/Ravens fan. From Jackson County.
If the SB was played tomorrow we could win it and that’s the important part. If we play our best we can beat any team out there. It’s all about how to get the best out of the team.
"Regarding WR, they need a YAC guy to compliment Hollywood. They don't need a superstar, they need someone who can get a few extra yards after catching a 5 yard pass. Basically what Andrews does but faster and somewhat less physical."
"We don't have 3 TE sets now that allows for an extra blocker to give Lamar enough time for plays to develop and sit in the pocket to throw with complete accuracy, or keep it and zoom past defenders for 8+ yards. Our RPOs were crazy last year because we had options and we were unpredictable. 

But with Yanda and Hurst gone, we are left one-dimensional and Greg Roman's playbook isn't that creative or imaginative to figure out once we don't give Lamar enough chance of success to relax and run through his reads and options. 

I'm just going to say what nobody wants to admit:

We are NOT as good or complete of a football team as we were last year. Greg Roman and his playbook has become stale and predictable, and we're about to get exposed even more this season if things don't change drastically, and soon. We're in a rebuilding year after this post off season, and we may be for some time.

Baltimore also has never been home for elite WR1s.... save little sprinkles of vets in their sun setting days.... We've always been about elite defense and pretty good running. Also why our TEs tend to do ok as well. Don't think that's good change anytime soon for wide receivers. 

Hollywood can't catch shitty throws from Lamar as a result of the weak line with Yanda gone and not enough options or time so he's playing shook.

This is not the same team from last year."
"The coaches didn't suddenly get stupid. They didn't forget the success with the pistol last year.

The goal isn't to score a touchdown on every drive. The goal is to win games, capping off the regular season with a win in the Super Bowl. Let them try different game plans over the regular season, and win. Let them see, and learn. Let all of our future opponents have no idea what we might be doing, from play to play.

Greg Roman was the OC for a \*historic\* offense last year. Not just historically productive, but \*revolutionary.\* Built in secret, with just him & Harbs and a handful of other guys, in some secret lab in the basement of 1 Winning Drive. He did not become an idiot overnight.

Let's enjoy the ride while they try different things, and force future opponents to be ready for anything."
"On point 8: I’m glad this sub doesn’t accurately represent the majority of Ravens fans in the Baltimore/County area. Everyone I’m around enjoys the Ravens week in and week out, thankful we can have success and rally around our young core. The people who continue posting negative stuff the Chiefs loss aren’t actual fans. This team is going to win often and for a long time. Truss"
"Agreed with everything you said, especially the lack of 3 tight ends. 

I want to add, we didn't hit our stride until week 6 last year really. There is still time. Also, some of you saying that was an ugly win have never watched an ugly win. You want to watch an ugly win, watch us at the Steelers last year. Now THAT was an ugly win."
"Someone needs to step up as an impact #3 receiver. Brown and Andrews are great but they need someone else to take attention away from them. I'm hoping Duvernay or Boykins make a leap by the playoffs. They need to punish teams for doubling Brown and Andrews. 

Lamar has not had a 100 yard receiver not named Marquise Brown or Mark Andrews. That needs to change."
">The Oline looked a little better yesterday (crazy since we were missing an all-pro tackle), especially the guards. 

They also didnt have Chase Young

Not to totally diminsh their play against an otherwise solid front...but thats like us not having Suggs or Ngata for a game back in the day."
"I think the play calling can be a major issue on this years super bowl run. Defensively the offense knows what play we’re running before the ball is snapped. Offensively, once we are down the play calling goes to shit. We need help on this"
"On Dobbins and paying off- is there something in blocking/scheme that Dobbins has had a hard time picking up? He looks so dynamic with the ball in his hands, definitely seems like he has a lot more home run potential than Ingram or Edwards at this point. Surprised he isn't getting more carries yet, feels like it has to be about something besides just his ability to run the football"
"I can't remember the last time GRo ever ran the ball in a typical run play twice in a row.  It's so typical.  1st down run (for 3 or 4 yards), 2nd down pass (usually incomplete), 3rd down and 6..pass.

I don't like our offensive play calling one bit.  Also, our pass rush like everyone knows, is baddd."
Good takes! Thanks for sharing
WR has been an issue for years
"1. Agreed. They look better when we still have the option to run. Could be worth looking at a center or guard early in the draft next year. Significantly worse play all around after losing yanda, but they were better yesterday.

2. Peters plays off the line because he baits qbs. It is frustrating until he makes a big play. Defense was good except against the screen, but thats because we have to blitz so damn much to get pressure, and the screen is easy to run against a blitz. We’ve been bad at covering screens for about 20 years now.

3. Playcalling is awful. GRo created a system where lamar could succeed, but at this point we need someone more creative that will use our strengths. I said it last week that it looks like were trying to prove to the world that lamar is a good pocket passer.

4. I think we could use another decent TE, but we desperately need a possession receiver. Hoping Bateman or Olave is available in the draft next year. Lamars interception yesterday was caused by an extremely weak cut by Boykin. Hes a great blocker, but we need someone to run routes better and be more physical going after the ball. Still want to see Duvernay with Hollywood more. Speed kills.

5. Agree 100%.

6. Clay Matthews could be a minor upgrade without killing our cap, but it may be worth being aggressive here. A stud on the edge could turn our defense into a monster.

7. Already discussed this.

8.  Yes, but the flaws are obvious and need to be fixed if we want to go anywhere in the playoffs."
"The only thing I can say about this game is your point no8 ""Good teams beat bad teams when they’re suppose to, and we did. "" There was a point in recent memory when we couldn't. I still remember the game against the Bears and rookie Trubisky in 2017 which cost us the playoffs. With this team, you dont have to worry about these games and that is A M A Z I N G!

Other than that, WFT is not a team with which you can analyze strengths and weaknesses. We still have the same weaknesses we have had for many seasons: 

\-Bad oline. Some improvements have been made because of more consistent play for Stanley, and addition of Zeus JR. However, I think he has taken a step back this season and losing Yanda is very noticeable. Lamar makes up for it a bit, but if we want to become an offense that passes more, Lamar will need a clean pocket. 

\-Absolutely ZERO pass rush. I get it, you can only get those players with high draft picks, but this has been a huge problem for many seasons which the front office has not addressed. Either trade up or buy an FA who can do the job. But those rarely, if ever hit the market. And there is a reason for that. Clowney was not the answer and neither is Clay Matthews. Also for those wishing we had payed Zadarius, get real. We didnt have the cap and he was not the answer either. We need a bonafied, future hall of fame pass rusher. And if we need to draft up to get one, then do it.

\-Running back by committee. This is one of the worst strategies in the NFL, or riding the ""hot hand"". Its fucking bullshit. You need a number 1 RB who can run and catch. Ingram can do both so make him be the workhorse. Insert dobbins and gus every now and again, but Ingram is the guy and that is the end of story. Next year, it will be Dobbins, but enough of this committee crap.

\-Veteran leadership. We just dont have it. Im hoping it can be Calais because he certainly fits the bill, but he is still too new to be the voice of the lockerroom. Ingram is a cheerleader, Lamar is still too young. I also havent gotten the impression that Lamar wants to be the voice. He is more of lead by example kind of guy. Which is fine, but he has also demonstrated that he loses his cool and composure in key moments. We dont have Ray, we dont have Reed and we dont have Suggs. I have not gotten the impression from any of the new guys that they want to be the leader. You may shrug this off, but the lack of leadership is a real thing in my opinion.

\-Coaching. I love Harbaugh, but he is not a leader. He is a cheerleader. It works when there is a source of leadership in the lockerroom, but right now there isnt any and there hasnt been any for some time now. The players are young, some may develop into leaders, but it remains to be seen. He also gets outcoached in big moments like he did by Bellichick in 2014 or how he repeatedly does by Andy Reid in recent years (how the fuck did he not know Fischer was eligible, cmon man). Greg Roman, I really appreciate what he has done for this team. We are a way better offense with him, than any of the previous coordinators Baltimore has had since Gary Kubiak. However, he has a ceiling which is currently being met. Can we win the Super bowl with him? I dont know. San Francisco could not. Wink does the best that he can with what he has got. 

That turned out way longer than I thought it would. Go figure. Our real schedule begins week 8. We have Steelers, Colts, Patriots, Titans etc. I fully expect us to win every game until that point.

**TLDR: Same problems we have had for many seasons: mediocre oline, ZERO pass rush, lack of leadership and limited coaching.**"
"Blame goes all around. First things first, WFT beat themselves as much as we won. Cannot look at this game as an indication of anything other than the NFCE should be moved to the ACC. 

Did not like draft pick with ATL's 2nd. Would rather have Hurst than Dobbins. We didnt need to pick up a hb because of Ingrams age/injury. Edwards performed well everytime he has had a chance and that continues this year. Edwards has looked like the best back (by far), followed by Ingram. Dobbins has had one good run. We could have found talent late or in free agency for that position.

Roman needs to be replaced. I hope you guys haven't forgotten how long Harbs holds in to coordinators no matter how many games they cost us. It is like our offense from 2013 - week 10 of 2018 does not exisit in your minds. 


Roman's playcalling is uninspired and not influenced by our strengths at all. He rarely makesa team prove they can beat plan A for more than 2-3 drives before he bails on it. 

Wink has to blitz when we cannot get pressure within 10 seconds with 4 pass rushers. Something we did frequently with ZDS/Judon and Suggs in 2018. I think pass rusher has been our biggest need for 2 years now. 

We need a true number one. Look at the Bills. Josh Brown is a fine reciever. Very much like Hollywood, but Lamar would need to be Rodgers accurate to consistantly hit deep balls in such a small window. 

Lamar has played like ass the past 2 games. Plain and simple. Hollywood, Boykin, and Andrews have all created seperation. Lamar has been terrible at placing the ball. Decision making still sound, though."
"I mean, stats don't lie. Koch has a 100% passer rating and Tucker caught an 80 yard pass against Houston! /s"
Why /s? This is a good take. We need receiver help
The only other kicker that can catch that well is Kareem hunt
Anyone got a link to the Tucker catch?
"Nah bro just call the 50 yard line as being in range for a field goal.  Justen Tucker can kick those all day.

How dope would it be to have a QB and Kicker competing for most points scored while still leading the pack in each of their respective positions for overall rating?"
Downvote because you need to learn how to spell corps
This but unironically
Not to be the ‘take a joke too seriously and kill the fun’ guy but... Koch has actually been the 3rd string/emergency reserve QB in the past when a starter was injured on game day. This is already a thing.
Visit /browns and you'll find out how their team is one gigantic juggernaut that's going all the way to the Super Bowl. First week of the season that sub was teetering on mass suicide.
Are you saying their fans have high expectations? GTFO. That would never happen on this sub.
"It looks like the Browns are going to be competitive. 

Give them a break. It’s been a long time since they’ve had something to be excited about."
"They’re 3-1 and finally found their identity. They have reason to be excited. Let’s not pretend we are suddenly a juggernaut because of one season. Eagles and Panthers were never able to keep up with their dominant seasons, so we shouldn’t expect to either. Winning the division is going to be tough this year. I’m excited to see Lamar vs Ben."
They finally realized that baker is just a game manager and they should keep running. I wish they paid Baker first.
"Here’s the thing, why should we visit r/browns? They’re 3-1 for the first time in a long time, ofc they’re hopeful."
"Cool. 

Let them be excited. An upstart Browns team is exactly what we need to be competitive at the highest levels. We shouldn't be going into any game thinking it's an easy win. 

This team needs to stay sharp at all times and earn their keep. Iron sharpens iron."
"The minute I talk shit is the minute we start going down in flames. So good for them, let them be happy. Let our play do the talking."
"Who cares? I don't care about the browns. As long as they keep that shit on their sub and don't bring it here, they can do whatever they want."
"Our Kicker is keeping pace with their QB in points scored.

Their argument is invalid."
"They beat a bad Dallas team, they are more Juggernot than juggernaut"
And im fine with that! All i want is that SB trophy this year...
"They look good this year. Let them have it. Are fans not allowed to be excited when their team is good? The entitlement and pretentious attitude on this sub after 1 great season is mind blowing to me, and not to personally pick you out, but this post is a perfect example of it. Who cares if other people are happy?
I noticed it with myself as well, I'm certainly not immune to it. And if you wanna see a sub on mass suicide watch, you could've looked here on Monday night. We've turned in to a bunch of spoiled kids."
"Lmao why wouldn’t they be optimistic, it’s their subreddit ?? Stop lurking 💀"
Who cares
"Browns will be competitive but that defense is ewww... right now. Though, I still think it will be NE, Buffalo, Tenn, Balt, Pittsburgh, KC with the Colts and Browns fitting for the 7th spot in the playoffs."
"They’ve beaten teams with a combined record of 3-8-1.

Relax.  They’ll come back to earth.  Sucks that they don’t have to face the Chiefs this year though."
"To be fair, they do have more on-paper talent than we do. 

You gotta be on crack if you think we have single receiver that's better than Jarvis Landry or OBJ right now. 

We also don't have 3 TE sets now that allows for an extra blocker to give Lamar enough time for plays to develop and sit in the pocket to throw with complete accuracy, or keep it and zoom past defenders for 8+ yards. Our RPOs were crazy last year because we had options and we were unpredictable. 

But with Yanda and Hurst gone, we are left one-dimensional and Greg Roman's playbook isn't that creative or imaginative to figure out once we don't give Lamar enough chance of success to relax and run through his reads and options. 

I'm just going to say what nobody wants to admit:

We are NOT as good or complete of a football team as we were last year. Greg Roman and his playbook has become stale and predictable, and we're about to get exposed even more this season if things don't change drastically, and soon. We're in a rebuilding year after this post off season, and we may be for some time."
"Hello all,

Is there a player that would make an impact that might be available and we have the space for?

My hypothetical is JJ Watt. He has 2 years left on his contract, (owed 15 and 17 respectively, but i believe this year could fit into out 13 available due to 4 games already being played). Texans are 0-4 and going nowhere fast. He has come out as being frustrated (who wouldnt be), but he is a well liked guy in the Houston area. Lastly, we have a 1st round pick for next year, where as the Texans do not. Not to mention, they are over the cap by 10 mill. Might be a dream scenario for them. Moving for Watt would be a win now move for sure."
"Dude is so loyal to the Texans. I’m
Not sure he’s the answer. I’m not really sure who is. 

I’d like to see a true number 1 receiver. Again, not really sure who!"
Nahh watt still an inside he'd go where derek wolfe goes not judon
"I don’t think giving up a 1st for an aging Watt who is usually hurt is a good idea. But hell, I don’t have an alternative lol"
We need edge rusher
"Would not even give away pick 32 for Watt at this stage of his career, with those contract numbers. I think the most realistic target is Ngakoue, if the Vikings continue to tailspin and determine they want to rebuild."
"We should've gotten Melvin Ingram and I still think we should pursue him.

Chargers can take it to the chiefs because they have edge rushers who can go 1:1 with their tackles. We have douches collecting a 16m/yr check"
"The salary cap the next few years is going to be lower because of COVID and lost revenue. On top of that, we have some big talent that we will need to pay. 

Draft picks will be more important now than in recent memory. I don't see any scenario where we trade high draft picks unless we get some by trading our own guys, which isn't happening."
Melvin Ingram at mid season they won’t pay him and if they are out of playoff contention they will shop him.  We could probably get him for a 5th.
Ngakoue. Minnesota gave two picks to go all in this year. They suck. They may want to tank and get picks back. But i dont really like giving up early picks and wed have to pay him soon. Itd be basically do we pay stanley or pay Ngakoue. But it would fix our pass rush
Allen Robinson would’ve been a good trade target in the off season.
Baltimore for Kansas City. I could see this happening. Might be the missing piece Roman needs.
""
"There were legitimately ""fans"" going to other teams' subs saying that they were jumping ship. Making ""former Ravens fan coming in peace"" posts. It was embarrassing."
"Please remember that this ravens team has better personnel this year, for the most part, than we did last year. While we look out of sync and discombobulated, we didn’t have a preseason or full training camps. And though our rushing attack looks lackluster now with our three headed monster, we lost a HOF OG and are still only averaging 45 less Rushing YPG this year than last, vs a tougher scheduled first 4 weeks. 

Long season ahead. Well be fine!"
I hope more bandwagoners jump ship so we know who's a true believer and who's fake. #bigtruss
"Ah yes, last season our fans were extremely upset with our run defense against a legitimate running attack. It's a good thing our season didn't end exactly because of that concern after going 14-2 and getting a first round bye.

After last weeks game, I'm firmly in the belief that I don't take anything from this team unless it's against a truly formidable opponent. Crushing bad teams and Lamar's counting stats looking great don't mean a thing if we get humiliated in the first round of the playoffs (again)."
"I believe this team is still top tier in the league. That being said, there are areas of concern and acting like they dont exist is just fooling ourselves. 

Our O-line is nowhere near last year good. Sure, Yanda retiring was always gonna get felt, there is no way we would upgrade at that position, but it seems like everyone took a step back without him. Skura will get better since he is coming back from injury, and Phillips is a rookie, so the line will get better. 

Our pass rush still sucks, like it did last year. We have a defense built around coverage to allow creative designs in the front, but it isnt working as we would hope for. The chiefs proved they are still far ahead from us, and terrible teams are putting up points. 

Our offense also looks like is slower and cant perform as good as it did last year. We've seen how the team has to punt and kick more, even the fake punt, looking to start a spark since the offense looked like it lacked life.

That being said, with the team not looking that good to the eye, they are still putting up a lot of points and the defense is still making plays and getting turnovers, which is a statement to how good their floor is, and thats something no one ever mentions when they talk bad about the team. They will get better because their problems are fixable and we have the coaching staff for that. I think we lack pass rush talent, so that will remain something to work around, but there is no way we lack offensive fire power to feel like this offense wont ever click going forward like some people put it."
I would like to say after week 4 last year we signed a bunch of guys and made a trade for MP. So I'll be confident after we do the same this year. If not I'm kinda afraid
"You know, there were plenty of good takes in that thread. A lot of people saying we need to trade for Ramsey (we got Peters instead somehow). A lot of people saying our run defense was suspect, and that did eventually bite us in the ass. A few different people saying losing Mosley hurt us (that's why we drafted Queen). People saying Tony Jefferson and ET3 were struggling (both gone).

Sure, there were some people writing suicide notes. But there were a lot of takes that looked quite good in retrospect if I'm being honest."
"Our fanbase is very pessimistic and probably will be for a while I guess. God forbid we lose to the Steelers or some other decent NFL team. 

Who cares, peak at the right time; the playoffs. We can beat anyone if we play our game well."
"The issue isn’t that we started last season bad and got better, why can’t we this year. The issue is is that the same struggles we had last year are being seen again. Pass rush struggles, a receiving Corp that at a little better than average at best. Absolutely falling apart in a big time game when the spotlight is on us. Play calling goes out of the window after 5 mins of a game we are trailing by 3 points. It’s these reoccurring, stand out elements that have not been fixed which are the biggest concerns. If they aren’t sorted, this season will end much the same as the last."
"We’re 3-1 and have a pretty soft schedule. Just enjoy the ride, folks. 

Houston is 0-4. Imagine being out of the playoff hunt already."
"There are **2** i repeat **2** teams this year that have looked consistently great. That’s the packers and, to a lesser extent, the bills. Every team is going through some shit, there are 3 teams who were getting division winning buzz that are at the bottom of thier respective divisions (Hou,Dal,SF). Everybody needs to just stop freaking the fuck out."
"We have **abysmal pass rush** and **below average pass protection**

Just because Judon had two sacks, and we blitzed less doesn't mean we aren't in trouble.

We got serious pass rush issues that won't just click or go away when we play above .500 teams. 

We also are playing an OLB at Mike who is waaaaay too raw. I love Queen pick but he's been exposed or out of position quite frequently. There were three instances where Fort, Board and Peters motioned or pointed his assignment/coverage and Queen didn't do it on Sunday.

Not a major worry, he's a rookie without OTAs but still a worry and he'll be picked on by better vets like Big Ben.

I don't think ppl being upset that we didn't address these issues from last year are wrong to be upset. These are going to be **our reason why we lose when it counts**.

We need to trade for an OLB. Still can't set the edge to save our life and we have 0 time before a DL gets through causing Lamar to scramble.

Gotta prioritize Guard and OLB at some point. Not everything is fixed with AB or another WR like 90% of this sub thinks."
"The difference now is we know who we are:

A good team with a mediocre o-line, nonexistent pass rush, and a gaping hole where a #1 receiver should be.

I just don’t think we have enough. Still looking forward to enjoying the rest of the season."
"Glad I sat that thread out lol

Gotta say I’m looking forward to being called out on my reactions in the KC thread when we’re hoisting the Lombardi later this year"
"My biggest worry for us is how easy the Steelers' schedule is. Similar to ours, but no Chiefs and Pats. At least the Bills are pretty spicy this year, that could be a fat L for PIT"
Painful to see the comments on the Titans in that thread... so true.
"No I do not agree. We traded away a starting TE for Dobbins. He hasnt shown me that he is anything we could not get without sacrificing Hurst. Our 3 TE sets are no more, couple that with Yanda's departure and our run game looks weak."
"Ok check it out. We blow out teams week after week because we have a beautiful, stacked flock on all sides of the field. The problem is though that since we blow teams out every week, we never get to practice playing from behind/clutching close games. So when we play teams like the Chiefs or the T*tans and start struggling, we have no idea how to play because we’re so used to being up by 8 touchdowns and letting Sam Koch be our QB.

In conclusion, if we weren’t so good, we’d be better..."
"This theory only works if the Ravens actually use the three KC games, the LAC playoff game, the CLE game last year, and the Tennessee playoff game as building blocks to get better when playing from behind."
"Been having this exact thought. Flacco played in soooo many close games the years leading up to his Super Bowl run.

Edit: to be clear I don’t think we lost to KC because of this. But the ol’ Ravens were more experienced at winning “ugly” for sure."
The ravens lost to KC because of a disastrous set of play calling from Greg Roman and because of an inexperienced defense.
"Having experience in close games is obviously unteachable. But good teams should be able to stick to what they are good at or adjust and still be just as good. That’s our problem. We can’t adjust. It’s one way or the highway. We need a lead to be productive. When we postbox and go into a sling out match, any team could beat us."
"This is why it's way too early to say Lamar isn't good playing from behind.  He's lost 6 games, he's literally as experienced in playing from behind as the other first round Qbs halfway into their first season."
"We lost because of defense is a perfect match for Mahomes. If our blitz isn't effective (which we call I believe over 30% of the time) then we won't be effective. With his receivers the KC O-line don't even need to hold up for that long anyways. 

We lost to the Titans because we couldn't run the ball against them nor could we stop Derrick Henry, we are probably one of the only teams who are a run dominate teams (more last season). When we get behind and our playstyle chews a lot of the clock how are we supposed to make comebacks. 

Lamar is becoming a better passer one who will be able to spread the ball and consistently make deep throws unlike the two he missed last game in the first half. But to be fair we kept trying to go deep instead of taking what was underneath."
Motion to give RGIII first half PT and have Lamar come in to close out tighter second half starts
""
""
"Noted from the win over WFT, including:

1. Understanding Patrick Queen's up and down day
2. Ravens return to effective and balanced nickel play
3. Metrics and reasoning for a dialed-down pass rush
4. Wahington's screen game"
"As I look at the PFF grades for all of the first round linebackers - Chaisson, Murray, Queen, and Simmons, they all look the same. Although Simmons is the one getting blistered for it.


It's just a bad year to be a rookie anything."
"So what I'm seeing is that we got an absolute stud who will grow as the season progresses.

Queen is already disruptive, let him get a solid feel for what we do and boom, we have out linebacking leader for a few years at least"
Seeing Queen struggle in coverage and knowing his responsibilities in the defense just makes me think how amazing CJ Mosley was straight out the gate in his rookie year. It probably helped having Daryl Smith next to him.
"I have full confidence in this team to take back the division and at minimum, be the 2 seed. We have been fairly ok in the injury department (knock on wood) our running game is probably more potent than last year, and Lamar has looked really good throwing the ball. 


He is: 

• 6th in QBR 

• completing 68%! 

• 7 TD’s to one Pick

• Our defense is giving up: 

• 18.6 PPG 

97.5 rush yards per game

• Our offense is averaging 30.7 PPG. That is a 12 point differential between the offense and defensive PPG average!!

Our turnover differential is +3. As long as we keep that turnover differential positive and keep such a wide margin between our offensive PPG and Defensive PPG average then we will absolutely win the division and get a top seed."
"I think a lot of people are just spoiled by the second half of last year.

Even before Lamar, we played super off and sloppy the first couple weeks. At this point, maybe it's a Harbaugh thing.

Remember, we were 2-2 at this same point last year with a bad loss to the Browns and a lot of fans thought we were toast.

Now if we're playing like this come week 10, 11, then that's a conversation to have."
"I should be happy with this. On paper we look potent and efficient. And yet the eye test says otherwise. Something feels off. Could it be we have everything in place but the players haven’t jelled yet? Or is the play scheme not fitting our talent? Is it because I was spoiled last year and now have high expectations on how an offense should operate? I can’t answer this question right now(or won’t admit it’s the third option), but whatever it is I hope it gets resolved"
I think we’re gonna have a dominant second half of the season after the bye.
""
"Haha, that's great. Great block from Fluker there, by the way."
"Dobbins: ""I have the ball...JK"""
"That free rusher was going right at where Lamar began the play in the pocket, you can see Lamar sidestep while behind Dobbins, and the free rusher ends up to Lamar’s left. I don’t even get it."
these guys make me nervous when they start celebrating before they get into the end zone
"Lamar's inner voice:

""oh yeah I got me a TD. Im gonna celeb...whoah whose that guy, yikes"""
That was Landon Collins who missed that tackle by the way. Did he suddenly become shit when he went to Washington? Because he was a stud the last 2 years.
I think he was asking for the ball but we see what we want to see. Still a gem
52. what is u doin
""
"Justin Tucker is outscoring more half of the Quarterbacks in the league.  Let's get some love for the greatest kicker of all time!

What's your favorite Justin Tucker moment?

Edit: fixed spelling.  I'm a dum dum."
Justen
When he kicked the football
"I still think about that failed fake FG run in SB47. He would have had a touchdown if the 49ers hadn't had the foresight to put Patrick Willis in the game.

Nothing bad came of it since obviously we won, but it would have been a god tier meme moment and people would still be bringing it up any time Tucker's legacy was discussed."
"I wear his jersey on Sundays. Justin is the GOAT.

But he owes this legendary career to luck.

Hear me out.

Week 2 of the 2012 season. Ravens Patriots, AFC championship rematch. Primetime (SNF or MNF, can't remember). Rookie Justin Tucker has replaced Billy Cundiff, who's 32 yard miss in the AFCCG dashed the Ravens Superbowl hopes. It's a close game, coming down to the wire. Baltimore drives down the field late in the 4th, down 2. Get close, but the Pats defense holds. Tucker comes out to attempt the chip shot (21 yards I think) to give Baltimore the win as time expires. The storylines and parallels are obvious.

Tucker lines up. The pressure is on. He kicks. The connection between the word ""field goal"" and ""choke"" is still strong in the mind of everyone on the field.

And he does just that. He chokes.

Justin Tucker faltered under the pressure, his kick sailing wide right, Patriots defenders celebrating.

But the football gods smiled upon him that day. The field goal was SO short, that his errant kick passed directly over the upright, and still counted.

And Justin gets his clutch reputation, that he lives up to for the next decade.

But if that field goal was one yard longer, if a Ravens player hadn't churned out a few more inches, a Patriots player brings a Raven down just a bit faster... Justins choke would have been exposed, he would have missed, the rookies confidence shattered, and Baltimore would continue to carry that tag of ""choker"".

Justin Tucker was chosen by the football gods to be what he is today. The GOAT."
Justen Tucker? Who's that?
Oh Lort
""
Right decision to sit him and heal up against a shitty team.
""
"Once the AFCN really gets into divisional games, its gonna be a bloodbath. 

Also really glad we smacked Cleveland before they started to get their offense rolling"
"Steelers 3-0 against teams w combined record 1-11. I'm not sold. Browns against 3-8-1, but their run game is lethal. I'm higher on them that steelers to take second, but we could have 3 playoff teams out of the AFCN.

Good divisonal games ahheaaddddd"
"AFC North snapshot

🏈Steelers are 3-0 for the first time since 2010
🏈Ravens are 3-1 or better for 8th time under John Harbaugh
🏈Browns are 3-1 or better for the first time since 2001
🏈Bengals (1-2-1) would be tied for first place in NFC East

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Yes we had a bad game in KC, it was bad. We didn’t play our best football and KC had a perfect game plan against us. Ok - bad game against the best team in the NFL and one of the best offenses the NFL has ever seen. It sucked yes but it was week 3

We won by 14 against Washington, and there are takes out there like we aren’t as good or there’s something wrong or fire this coach, hurriedly trade for players, etc. Are we the only team that has fans like this now and the only team that gets shit on for winning by 2 TDs? It’s like if lamar doesn’t throw 5 TDs every game people start freaking out and the media starts thinking there’s something wrong.

I get we set the bar high last year, but we (hopefully) all remember joe Flacco and pre-Flacco years where any win was great. And when the team didn’t play amazing we easily lost. Now our “not good” games apparently are winning by 2 TDs. Everyone calm down pleaseeeee."
[deleted]
Totally agree. When RGIII went in it was a 21 point game. What more can you ask for? Most games in the nfl are decided by a possession or 2 and are competitive. Being upset that we didn't win by 30+ is so unreasonable. Every team is maybe 3 injuries away from being a sub 5 win team so it's not like there are huge gaps between most teams
"Look, Im happy we’re winning. Im happy I even get to enjoy football. Playcalling/ pass rush/ O-line is sus.

We need those things to win a super bowl. The people who are echoing the same concerns as we were last season (minus playcalling and O-line) are more than validated in their concerns. We’re not saying the sky is falling but we are saying that this shit *needs* to be addressed or we’re looking at another 1 and done in the playoffs."
Don't trash the Flacco years. 2008 - 2014 was a great period for this team
Marlon Humphrey just did a player interview saying that he felt the same way about the game. But he also mentioned that Lamar told him that we shouldve scored more.
"We cheer, we boo, and we praise and we criticize.   This is what fans do.   It's ok.  Deep breathes.   Don't take it personal, it's not about you"
Last year also saw a lot of new bandwagon fans. A lot of them are pretty easy to disappoint.
"Frankly, I wished we wouldn't blow every team out. I'd rather have close, hard fought games where we could actually learn some stuff. The team needs to learn to play from behind, and in tight situations. 

We also need to figure out our personnel. Our RB's seem to take awhile to get going, our Oline still needs work, and our receivers are still shit. Some people need to start moving down the depth chart.

Fluker was solid at RT yesterday, and I think he should start over OBJ.

Boykins just ain't it. Start Duvernay and Hollywood, or at least move Snead up.

Gus and JK should be our 1-2."
"When you've been eating prime wagyu steak for 3 months straight, and then all of a sudden, your given school cafeteria meatloaf... it's gonna take some time to adjust your expectations. 

With Yanda gone and without 3 TE sets to give Lamar all the time to make MVP type plays, our play calling and production will never be as electrifying as it was last year.

Defenses have figured us out, and it's because we traded away Hurst, and our receivers aren't elite to adjust and help Lamar out. Also, our line just isn't as good as it was last year with Ronnie healthy and Yanda not retired. 

Greg Roman had a winning formula and then we just traded it away for JK Dobbins, who we only use when Ingram needs to catch his breath or in garbage time."
You guys think you can get to the SB? You like your chances more than this year?
"The entire time I’ve been a fan of this team, we’ve been the underdogs that grind out wins and knock down the giants. I honestly hated the hype last year, being on top all season didn’t feel like true Ravens football. It was stressful. I love seeing the media doubt the team, it’s who we are"
"Last week, the sentiment was that Judon was trash. Those people are quiet this week."
"Maybe it’s just me, but the run game, ESPECIALLY outside the hashes looks strange this year. I feel like they aren’t able to get past the edges nearly as well this year. Don’t get me wrong, I know Lamar literally just busted a 50yd sprint down the middle, but sometimes it seems like he’s getting contained a little bit better this year. Is it adjustment by the defenses, is our line just not as good, or am I just crazy?"
Our line is nowhere near as good as it was and we’re running 3 WRs instead of 3 TEs. It’s a big schematic difference.
"No Yanda, a banged up stanley, no Hurst"
"Simple...

1. Lamar can't do his job unless his line does their job and does it well. 

2. The line can't do their job because they're just not talented as they were last year with Yanda and an extra TE to block, giving Lamar all the time he needs to make MVP plays in the air or on the ground

3. Without the time Lamar needs to let plays develop or successfully complete accurate throws, our receivers can't do their job. 

4. Our exciting, unpredictable play calling without all the options that a talented line and an extra TE blocking gives us goes out the window and now we're a very one dimensional football team that is very predictable for good teams. Our playbook and play calling needs to be better."
Seems like a combo of not having yanda defenses not worrying about the throw too much and not having a preseason
"There's a lot to it, but I think the biggest thing is we're splitting the carries between 4 guys, and the only one who has looked good is Gus. Carrying 3 RB's just hasn't been productive. Ingram hasn't looked great, and when Lamar carries, defenses don't look surprised.

The other thing is, we haven't really opened up the passing game very well. We need to connect on some deep shots to back the defense up some, or at least keep them honest.

I don't have game pass, or whatever subscription lets you see coaches view, so I'm speculating a bit just based on the feeds I can see, but it seems defenses are playing close to the LoS. This would leave more deep shots available, but we've missed several of those to Hollywood already.

I keep seeing the Hurst trade mentioned, but I doubt that has made any difference. We had 3 TE's, but they weren't all on the field together that much. We mostly run 2 TE sets."
"I know yesterday was the first game back he was activated, but I can already see his role start to diminish to the point where he may not even see the field unless JK, Gus or Ingram gets injured. Which is a shame because I think if we used all four backs our offense would be unstoppable"
Why would the offense be unstoppable if all four backs are used? Hill isn’t better than anyone ahead of him. I don’t remember him playing more than a handful of meaningful/non-garbage time snaps last year other than when Ingram got injured/rested anyway
What does Justice Hill do as a RB that Dobbins doesn’t do better?  I don’t see why you take away from Dobbins’ touches and development just to get Hill in the game.
"I don't see how rotating Justice in would make our offense ""unstoppable"" lmao."
""
Yeah he was good for us. But what the ravens need moreso is someone like a DK Metcalf. Someone that can block well and go deep.
"He was great! He was the guy I wish Flacco had more during his career, but he never clicked with Lamar."
"Had no chemistry with Lamar and I doubt even he wanted to play for us after the season where it became obvious that we will be a run first team.

I'm ok with Hollywood."
"He is basically what Hollywood is, and Hollywood's ceiling is way higher. As another commenter said, we need someone like Julio, DK, Mike Evans or what Dez Bryant was... a big bodied WR that can go up, beat DBs based on pure strength and catch the ball. Getting a WR like that would also free up all of the double teams Andrews has been fighting through this season."
John Brown near the end was lackadaisical. I was pretty done with him at that point
"He did not want to stay. Wasn’t up to us. He wasn’t a fit for Lamar at the time.  His production dropped off a cliff when Lamar came in for Flacco. That’s no mark against Lamar or John, they just didn’t work out well at that time."
Maybe Jimmy was just on a snap count bc he was questionable but Averett playing 87% of defensive snaps was giving me anxiety the whole game lol. Id play more Levine in dime packages and keep Clark at safety.
Jimmy Smith couldn't stay healthy when he was young. Managing his load now just makes good sense. Let's keep him healthy for a playoff run.
Jimmy don’t play in October 🤣🤣 wake him up when the playoffs start
Averett has shown improvement this year.
One Desmond King please
""
Wait what? 13 touchdowns?? In what metric?
Did you edit Chris Redman off this list?
The dead are rising! And they’re scoring touchdowns!
""
I’m beyond grateful we have him as our backup but I had really hoped for his sake that some team would give him a shot at QB this year. Surely he’s better than both the Bears QB’s?
He showed why he is a low end backup with that terrible interception
I was sad for him that he wasn't able to play to a full stadium. Washington fans would have cheered him on.
"Is JJ Watt a legitimate trade target now? I know how much he means to the city, but without a head coach, 0-4, and limited time left performing at this level, maybe going to a contender would be an option?"
Maybe but I don’t think the Texans would go rebuild mode with Watson at the helm plus we don’t have the cap space to get him
"JJ did so much for Houston during the hurricane recovery. I love and respect the man but at his point of career, might as well be a hometown legend (and rightfully so)"
I doubt JJ is leaving Houston ever.
We had a better shot of trading for JJ Watt (non-zero chance in exchange for a 5th round pick) when BoB was GM.
"JJ Watt is making something like $17m a year, which is way too much. 

For comparison: he currently has the same amount of sacks (this year) as Judon and nearly the same amount of tackles.  

Hall Of Famer, but he's washed. He has only had one good season since 2016."
If you stick with a coach through 0-4 not having a coach can't be much different
That man will never agree to waive his no trade he lives Houston way too much to leave. Plus his wife is playing in Chicago now so that's probably the only team with legitimate leverage
I wish we could’ve gotten Clowney
[deleted]
"Hey everyone, I'm wondering what your favorite bar/restaurant in Baltimore is to watch games from?"
Le Couch in the northeast corner of your living room
Stay the fuck home you assholes
Dude keep yourself safe and stay inside. Covid is on the uptick right now and it's not worth it to get sick for a football game
Max’s Taphouse.
City Limits
""
Is this some kind of new teen titans?
Her dropping him is the pick RGIII threw
Stay save and stay the fuck home
"I really appreciate those of you are who willing to civilly discuss opinions about this. 

I'm going to continue to keep threads like this open for that exact reason above and to stay in line with the earlier announcement I made this year about sensitive topics in this sub. 

Unless your comment is completely devoid of anything that adds to the discussion it likely will stick around to receive the subs up/down votes."
"Nflbite.com

Stay home and watch for free. Drinks are cheaper at home as well"
"What about me? I live in New Zealand...

jk we don't have bars to watch the NFL"
"A lot of these bars are being really responsible. I wouldn't say someone should *never* patronize a bar--just don't be stupid about it. If my wife and I go out to grab a drink, we just grab a table that's at outside and at a safe distance and be careful about it."
"ITT: A whole bunch of idiots that don’t realize they can infect other people by going to these bars. 

Good reminder OP"
"Ugh, I was going to respond to some comments on this post, but it would probably be like talking to a brick wall at this point. People, just continue to wear masks, social distance, and if you have to go to a bar, make sure it's outdoors."
"Bears fan dropping by, thank you. I feel crazy with so many people actively trying to prolong this"
The bottom of this thread is exactly why America has 200k+ dead in 7 months.
I like Pickles
I'm kinda glad the Denver Flock postponed gatherings.
Fuck coronavirus but stay safe and stay indoors
Yeah reading comments here shows me exactly why the US has been a disaster handling this virus compared to other countries. Y'all some dumb motherfuckers. Stay the fuck home.
"There are plenty of bars that are handling it safely and responsible. I say go support them, and if a bar is being careless then fuck em. But really its not hard to protect yourself and everyone around you by following simple safety guidelines"
"I wish I could stay at home, working weekend SUCKS, especially now with Covid protocals. Oh well."
is there a discord for the sub that we can all join on game day and get drunk together
"The last mf in America that should get the Virus, caught it lol. Y'all niggas ain't safe. Stay inside"
"So true. I wish I was with each and every one of you cheering and cheersing. It's not the end of the world if you miss the game. Please be responsible. We can overcome this virus together. We are almost there. If we put in half the work that these people, neighbors, family, idols, first loves, randos at the gas station dedicate to this game...we can overcome this. Adapt, understand, overcome, thrive."
"1. Come into this thread.

2. Scroll down to the bottom.

3. Get depressed."
But not the protests though
I've just been having a bunch of people over to watch games. That way we don't even have to half-ass pretend to wear masks.
What’s your goal? Complete elimination of virus? As a healthy 24 yo guy who lives in a studio apartment why can’t I support my local bars? Let people live their lives and make their own choices.
How about people make their own choices?
"dude, positive rates are like 2%... no deaths. Wear a mask and be respectful and you'll be fine. Most places have outside seating as well."
"So I understand your argument that by going out to bars etc. people can become carriers even if they aren't sick themselves, and infect others. But if you aren't going out to bars or these other places yourself then how are you in any danger? If someone is that worried about becoming sick or contagious then they should be staying home, full stop.

The only argument I can see is that by going out to bars, you increase your likelihood of becoming contagious and infecting people at ""essential"" businesses that people need to visit. At that point though it seems like you're splitting hairs by telling people ""Walmart is ok to go to but fuck you for enjoying a meal at a restaurant."" I think your real issue should be with your local governments for allowing non-essential businesses to operate, not at the people visiting them within the rules set out by the governors.

I'll probably get downvoted but I'd be curious to hear others' thoughts."
"I cant live a significant portion of my life in hiding from a virus, I'll wear a mask in public and keep small social circles but I cant stay in a bunker for a year"
[removed]
"Question; which scenario is more likely to give you Covid? 

1. Going to Wal Mart
2. Going to watch football at a bar 

Reminder; Wal Mart has been open this entire pandemic... “bUt wALMart iS eSSeNTIal” nope you still run the risk of spreading it to others and getting it yourself. Life really does have risks, and what if a vaccine doesn’t come out until late next year? Please don’t tell me your plan is to sit at home all day until then and preach others should do the same? Nope, sorry that isn’t going to happen m8. 

I totally get wearing a mask and distancing sure. But come on, as long as we wear masks we really oughta be able to go to a fuckin bar man. As much as I wanna do my part to stop corona, these people saying we shouldn’t be going out and instead still staying at home all the time just seems so bizarre."
[removed]
[deleted]
"I love how Nicaragua never closed anything down, never changed anything and they are basically completely fine. This virus has a 99.99% recovery rate and everyone out here virtue signaling like they are actually saving someones life, all the while the economy is dying hard and people are committing suicide and dying from 100 other things at exorbitant rates. 

Just stop with these posts."
[deleted]
[removed]
""
"The first clip, the stadium was packed with purple! Man I miss the fans 😔"
"Montana to Rice. Manning to Harrison. Koch to Moore.

All of those throws more difficult than Mahommes touchdown ""passes"" tonight."
*All
""
"Look what happens when you don’t get outcoached. It’s crazy that the patriots had so
many defense players traded, leave in free agency or opt-out but the coaching still helps them contain the chiefs that we couldn’t even stop on third down smh. I even think our defensive personnel is better but our coaching isn’t."
Look what happens when you just run the ball down KC’s throat instead of selling out for the air game after you go down a few points
"Very valid, and depressing, point lol. Refs just bailed them the fuck out tho"
"It’s the pass rushing. KC’s offense gets disrupted by it. Mahomes had all day against us which allowed all those deep routes to develop. We had absolutely zero pass rush and it’s a huge Achilles heel for us. You can say we abandoned the run and we did, but it wasn’t going to matter based on how easy our defense made it for their offense."
"yea was just having this conversation with my brothers l, we played horrible agaisnt chiefs and this pats game is proof."
"Thats not pass rush, thats good coverage. 

Our DBs got lit up. Mahomes was throwing to wide open receivers as soon as he got the ball."
"Absurd. For once I agree with Belichick 😂

Edit: *or an INT. Either way, should've been a turnover"
Mahomes now a confirmed golden boy. Two hand touch rules apply.
Yeah no more friendly gif wars with these bitches. The chiefs are the new patriots. Mahommes whines and complains more than Tom Fucking Brady
"That was an interception, these refs are trash"
"Definitely an int, he was throwing it away. Ironic seeing Brady calls go against the patriots"
"When you play KC you play the refs. Next time we face them, I want the ravens prepared knowing that absolutely nothing will go our way. No use complaining about it."
That was some BS!!
That was a bull call.
That was reallllllllly bad
"I hate the Patriots but yeah, that was bad. Literally everything goes Mahomes’ way."
"If you wanna be them, beat them. This sub is soooo preoccupied with the Chiefs!"
We should have looked just like the patriots. Running it down their throats and controlling the ball for the majority of the game. It’s not that hard apparently. 😢
Someone should show wink martindale this game as well.
Most likely wouldn't help because it has happened a couple times before last week's game. Ravens tend to be up on their opponents in most games and he clearly doesn't adjust well outside the original game plan.
The patriots pass rushers actually got home
26-10 Chiefs running the ball clearly worked wonders 🤔😑🤷‍♂️
"I said this so many times in the game thread, they dropped everyone into coverage and rushed three, it was super effective too."
""
For the life of me I cannot understand how Wink let Mahomes light us up.
God this game is pissing me off. The Chiefs run D is terrible. We should have slaughtered this team but we had horrible offensive and defensive game plans. Didn’t run the ball on offense and blitzed way too much on defense.
"They're doing what you have to do to contain the Chiefs - control the ToP with a strong running game and keep Mahomes off the field. For some reason in all of our losses we get spooked early, abandon our strengths, and try to compete in a shootout which Mahomes will win 100% of the time"
Horrid refs as expected.
Bill and McDaniels doing an amazing job against the chiefs so far. If they had Cam they’d be winning this game by a lot.
Hey look what happens when you run and commit to it? 17 runs and 16 passes
Holy shit I’m now more embarrassed our game against the chiefs.
They said Butker > Tucker lmfao
"I think this is showing us just how much creativity on defense matters vs the Chiefs. Mahomes will pick apart standard defenses.  Now, he’ll still probably turn it around this game but it shows how to contain that stacked offense, at least for a half"
Bill’s a genius
Why didn’t Stidham start the fucking game lol
That NE secondary is locking shit down god damn
"These refs... I mean wtf are they seeing... The dude had his hands on Mahomes while trying not to fall himself and gets a flag. 

Then* Kelsey slips and its PI... Wow"
Butker is definitely no Justin Tucker
This is a weird game for a Belichick coached team to be making huge mistakes left and right
"Hoyer just F'd up big time. Took a sack as time expired going into the 2nd half. Score is 6-3 with the Chiefs leading, Patriots could have at least tied it."
"Butler sucks lol

Edit.  Auto correct - Butker."
Butktner stinks
if the chiefs played like they are tonight against us we win by 20 🤷‍♂️
RIP to the Patriots hopes this game
Anything you see the patriots doing that we can do for future chiefs matchups?
"The Pats have managed to keep Mahomes off of the field and drive down the field with freaking Brian Hoyer for almost the entire 3rd quarter.


Edit. And Hoyer screws the Patriots again by getting sacked and now losing the ball when they had a chance to at the least tie the game."
"I love how they keep promoting the Falcons vs. The Packers.

Nobody is watching that game except their fans. Not with this game on lol"
You guys are watching the wrong game LOL only kidding
Hoyer may have as many passing yards as Lamar did. That sucks.
"The trick to playing Mahomes is to slow down the game, and if anything, we sped it up."
Romo cursed that kicker lol
"Well, it's nice to see Patriots fans sad at least."
"I think I found the loophole to beat the Chiefs: You need to catch them off guard with a QB that has no (or next to no) NFL game tape.

So obviously, the next time the Ravens play the Chiefs, they need to unleash Trace McSorley and announce him as the starter moments before kickoff...

(Seriously, though; you've got to keep running the football, chew the clock and leave Kansas City's offense on the sideline. Easier said than done, however. Even when the Chiefs make a mistake, they seem unfazed by it and pick things right back up as if nothing happened.)"
Fuck the refs
I want the pats defense so bad
"Mahomes is not as on as he was last week, but damn. I think we may be overestimating where the Ravens are right now. They’re not what they were last year. Not yet at least."
It’s all about coaching. Harbs is the issue.
""
Im pretty sure we also just arent good at scheming our wrs into space.
Hill works the way he does because this chiefs offense has so many threats you have to worry about and respect equally to the point where gadget plays like the chiefs run with him and hardman are almost impossible to predict are coming
"Because he's almost always double covered, defenses commit a lot more attention to him because we have no other threats except Andrews"
Because the chiefs have so many weapons that can also make big plays. If we get behind and Roman forgets to run the ball defenses just have to cover MAndrews and Brown and we got nobody else to make big plays.
Andy Reid >x1000 G-Ro.
Im not even asking for anything that fancy just try to get hollywood on more drags and slants simple stuff.
"Hill reminds me more of a young Steve Smith Sr. in terms of playing style. Fights for the 50/50 ball. Contests deep balls. Fiery. 

Hollywood cringes and falls down at even a hint of contact. I'm a shameless Ravens homer but this team cannot scout, draft, and develop WRs. They just can't and I dont know why. Hollywood is not looking like a WR1 so far. He is undersized but more importantly he plays undersized. Hill is undersized too but he doesnt play like it."
Brown isn’t Hill. Lamar isn’t Mahomes
"Why don't we use ~~Brown~~ **Duvernay** the way KC uses Hill? I know Brown isn't Hill yet but his speed makes him a threat and they use him in so many different spots for distraction.

*FTFY*"
Because he’s not Hill and for that matter the Ravens aren’t the Chiefs.
Because Roman doesnt know what he has...
"Because teams can double Brown and shut down our entire offense. Assuming Andrews is also focused in on, who's gonna be the big threat? Snead? Boykin?

You double up Hill, and you leave Watkins and Hardman 1-on-1. You're gonna have a bad time."
Am I the only one who thinks hollywood isn't that fast?  Hill is on another level.
" Brown has magnet hands. Granted, some drops and plays didnt go his way but that's expected. He's money I hope he his proud of what he is and has accomplished. Rock on Marble."
""
Tucker is so consistent that he is forgotten. Lol
"I said it last week, and I'll say it again

RESPECT. THE. GOAT!"
"I remember when Greg Zurlein was the best kicker, then when Dan Bailey was, then when Chris Boswell was. All the meanwhile Tucker was better than all of them. Really says a lot when kickers peak seasons are pretty much on par with Tuckers average seasons."
Third game in a row with a missed kick! I wonder what that’s like?
"This game is pissing me off. Chiefs either crush their opponent, or play like shit and get the game handed to them. Never in between. Mahomes should have been picked off twice this game and of course the fumble."
Thinks he’s hot shit cuz he’s playing for the chiefs
Best kicker!
"If you take a shot at the GOAT, you best not miss."
He actually seems below average.
"tHe nFl'S gReAtEsT kIcKeR 😂😂😂

Justin Tucker: Is this your king?"
butt kicker
"Chiefs fans need to shut up about him being the best kicker. Also, when did Mahomes throw a TD? I thought they were both rushing TDs."
Tuck doesn't care if the talking heads see him as the best. He knows who he is and what he can do. That's all that matters. Let em talk if it makes them feel better.
"Oh and then the dumbass MNF crew was saying there is no one better than Mason Crosby kicking 40 yards (can't remember exact quote). I was like, do you not remember him missing 5 kicks in one game a couple years ago???"
#HE ISN’T ON LEGATRON’S LEVEL.
"Man fuck Tony Romo. Hes god and clarvoiant when he gets something right, he needs to be called out when he says dumb shit like this"
We don’t need a chiefs kicker running commentary ....
What’s the deal with this? And what I mean is... who cares?
Yeah I don't know what the hell you guys did to him. He was coming right off of the best game he's ever had and then the second we play you guys he turns into a Bears kicker.
chiefs won another one
""
Judon got all Suggs and ZaDarius's clean up sacks
Watching him win one on one pass rushes and get to quarterback is frustrating. I don't have confidence that anyone on our team can do that in a consistent basis right now.
"Yeah, but he was only so-so in his time in Baltimore. Either GB knows how to scheme him better, or he’s a rare case of an overpaid free agent living up to his contract. 

 But you’re not wrong. He’s become a beast."
I think he'd be one of my all time favorite Ravens if he was still on the team.
Ravens picked Judon over him essentially. Hindsight is 20/20 but would love to have Zadarius rn
Another sack
"As a WFT fan, I feel the exact same way about Preston Smith. He was decent with us, 5-8 sack a year guy, pretty good pressure rates across from Kerrigan. Goes to GB along w Za’Darius and starts balling tf out. Obviously I love our ends now, but makes you think there’s a reason why these guys were decent and both became nice after getting overpaid"
I'm glad we have zadarius smith however 🧀
""
I feel like Belichick would like Trace McSorley.
RGIII for sure would remember that you don’t get 4 timeouts in a half
Please no. I want Robert to have the chance to woo some mofos again but I just really enjoy him as a raven. Does that make me selfish?
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j5wv8w)"
I no longer hate Brady. I find the Bucs fascinating now. Mahomes and the chiefs are my new hate team.
"Absolutely not. Flopping is totally subjective. Knowing how incompetent these refs are, this just gives them more ways to ruin the outcome of games. 

I'll pass."
"As much as I want to say yes, subjective calls like that piss all of us off far too often.  We really don't need to add more subjective calls."
"That was literally like watching Neymar. It should definitely be a penalty and carding people for flops in soccer hasn’t been a perfect fix but it has helped.

Also, the refs will fuck up no matter what."
[deleted]
"Hate to say it but our loss was worse. Pats got screwed by the refs with that Mahomes interception. They also were playing with a back up QB.



That being said I really hope Wink was taking notes on how the Pats absolutely shut down KC for the first half."
This game was way closer than what ever the hell we did.
"QB play hurt the Pats. The game plan was perfect. Also, the refs blew some calls, too!"
This is wrong but ok.
"27-10 at halftime compared to 6-3.

Let's not get ahead of ourselves."
"/u/LocalExpoMarket is #1 nephew

delete delete delete

We got smacked, its fine, everyone move on. We'll see them in the playoffs maybe"
 Delete this nephew ;(
"It was like 3-6 going into the 4th right? We looked embarrassing, the Pats at least gave them a run for their money. If that interception was called correctly, they had a chance to win. OP is delusional."
"If you can’t beat em, be insecure about it lol"
Yeah no
"You still have time to delete this, before the morning crowd pours in."
Comment your score predictions
No predictions but Burrow is throwing 300 yards with a terrible O line. This is not an easy game on Sunday.
Lamar is gonna come in heated. 400 yards of offense from him alone. Burrow will start hot but start to fall apart in the second half. Ravens 38 bungles 24.
"We are going to be shocked that this is going to be a close game. Burrow is not flustered by blitzes and is accurate as hell. He is going to habe a career day against us. If Bengals didnt have an awfully slow and undisciplined defense I would be extremely worried.


I will be downvoted to hell saying this but Burrow will be on Mahomes level in a few years."
"Ravens 41 Bengals 20

The Bengals are building something nice. Their qb is smart and continues to improve. I just think the Bengals will be overwhelmed just like the Texans were. 

I think our offense will have a big day. I also think our DL will take over and smoke their OL."
Lamar gonna put up 50.
"Bengals fan here, it's not even going to be a competition. Lamar is going to run all over us, this defense is BAD."
AJ Green back lol. This should be fun.
[deleted]
Make burrow escape the pocket the direction you want him too...smack him with queen when he thought he was safe. I wish him best of luck but 3 picks and a fumble would be nice.
"This is gonna be a tough game Burrow is really good despite his offensive line.  Sure there defense is trash, but we still have to stop there offense.  Also even though AJ Green has disappeared this season thus far he always shows up to play vs us."
We might not like to hear this but the run game is our best defense. Our actual defense is trash. Hopefully the run game shows up on Sunday if not they're just going to screen pass us to death.
""
Every ravens player. Each and every person in the organization is extremely valuable. Rock on you beautiful souls.
"I mean, I still cannot figure out why they have him running the safety blitz on Mahomes instead of you know..... a safety"
""
He learned that spiral from Flacco. Free FLACCO you cowards!! I want to see my dude ball out a few more times.
"Taysom Hill..........a poor man's Sam Koch.  

Have complete the same amount of passes in their carreer. Taysom making 11 Million this year!!"
trace mcsorley better be #2
Somehow Justin Tucker is underrated... smh
"So ... I was curious, and looked up the stats:

Tucker inside 50: 234 / 245 == **95.51%**

Crosby inside 50: 301 / 347 == **86.74%**

Also, for fun --

Tucker has had an overall FG% above 90% for **5 out of 8 years**

Crosby has had an overall FG% above 90% for **1 out of 13 years** (last year)

I will admit that Crosby is apparently ""better"" than Tucker on FG under 20. He's 9/9 and Tucker has never attempted one in the NFL."
"Packer fan here, that was bogus. Everyone knows that Tucker is the GOAT."
I was waiting for the post. I will say it took longer than expected.
"I literally yelled at my husband when the announcer said that and he was like, ‘I didn’t say it!’"
"Espn has turned into straight trash.  Every time the announcer spoke, they said something dumb.  They are just another generic cable news network with commentators who say what they are told to say rather than commentate on the game."
Everyones forgotten JT... Somehow? Weird stuff.
"I guess that means Harrison Butker is the best 50+   

&#x200B;

/s"
"I feel like all commentators have to give these outrageous superlatives that are essentially meaningless. 

I also can’t stand when they say “as good as anyone else in the league” to mean they’re a highly skilled player. No, if they’re only as good as anyone else, they’re just average."
I remember Crosby missing 5 kicks in one game a few years back.
"He literally missed an extra point earlier in the game when the announcer said this.  Last I checked, an extra point is inside of 50..."
"Aw shit. Here we go again.

I remember the first field goal Tucker ever missed. Im pretty sure it was 60+ yards in the rain...and I was like “yup. Ain’t even mad.”"
Crosby gonna miss a fg and two XPs the next two games probably now.
Crosby is good but you guys have the better kicker.
"You know these guys are paid for being contrarian right? Hot takes equal clicks. No one who really follows football will say anyone other than JT is the goat. It’s the Weather Channel syndrome, every storm is the best (worst) until it isn’t. Every kicker is amazing until he is not. But who cares because we have Tucker."
Aye let them say others are better. It doesn't matter. We know. Bmore knows. Tucker knows. Talk that talk league. Tucker walks that walk. Easy claps tuck td catch division championship game...from Koch.
The hot takes on kickers this year haven't aged well. These announcers are absolutely lost.
THE DISRESPECT THIS MAN FACES!!!!!!!! WEEKLY!!!!!!!!
Big Tucc no lil Tucc
The disrespect to Tucker is real.
"I keep seeing people post this stuff, but let's be honest, the commentators are paid to comment on ""that"" game and the players playing ""that"" game.  They aren't really throwing shade at Justin Tucker, they are just trying to complement a kicker that is doing well in the game they are commenting on.

EDIT:  Also, people missed the fact that the commenters on the Chiefs - Patriots game talked about how Butker has been missing extra points.  So at least give them credit when they are critical as well."
We won but it will get tougher as the season goes on. I don’t want to brag as it’s a long season. I predict though we will see you in the Super Bowl. You guys might have to buy us tickets. We might be watching you guys LOL. We played great but offense stalled in 2nd half. Love you Raven nation.
"Good shit man, you may have gotten Dan Quinn fired too. We miss Z."
Love you bro. You’re one of the reasons I drafted Aaron Jones and Rodgers on my Fantasy teams and they put on heroic performances and carried me for the win. Looking forward to watching y’all after the bye.
Are you in the RSR board?
"Meh. You didn't even let the Falcons blow another one, where's the fun in that?

/s"
"1. Aaron Rodgers (He’s a baaaaaaaaaaaaddddddd man)

2. Russel Wilson (Mr. Unlimited)

3. Patrick Mahomes (Ravens Killer)

4. Josh Allen (Bills Mafia Messiah) 

5. Action “you can’t catch me” Jackson (Big Truzz) 

Let me know your thoughts! In case anyone is wondering, I’d probably have Dak at 6. 

***Wow I just realized this almost matches the nfl.com index. Oops. I didn’t cheat I swear 😅"
Patrick kills all.. no need to single out that charming city.
"Mahomes is the NFL killer, AJ Green is the Ravens killer."
I think all these players are right and Jackson is at 5 rn. I can see 1/2 being swapped and Josh Allen as high as 2 as well.
"I was going to quibble with you about Dak at 6 but he's got a good case. Maybe Tannehill? Minshew seems to be cooling off somewhat. Kyler hasn't taken that leap yet. 

The old guard of good-not-great QBs that you'd usually find the 6-10 range like Matt Ryan, Matt Stafford, Kirk Cousins and Philip Rivers have totally cratered and are clearing out room for new faces, which is pretty refreshing if you ask me."
Tied with Rodgers is Lamar for 1st place.
Anyone who was calling for harbaugh to be fired is reeeeaaally keeping their mouth shut now lmao
"BoB was the worst GM man.  He destroyed that franchise in 2 years as the GM. 


As a coach he was ok.  He did take that team to 4 division titles."
Rumor has it after that 4th and 12 Harbaugh was gonna get fired but Lamar saved his job the year after
"The history of this team is incredible. Highs. Lows. Miracles. Heartbreak. Resilient AF. Through it all, the ownership and leadership has never broke. Stronger than steel, tougher than tigers. More prestigious than a ups box. Every part of the ravens organization, from top to bottom, is superior to all others. Quit your bitching. Win or lose, Bmore is where I chose."
I’d have to imagine they considered firing harbs at some point
"We have always been a well ran organization, just had some bad picks combined with bad luck for a couple years. The shit organizations continuously make bad hires, overpay  signings, and draft picks."
We were never 0-4 without our first and second round pick bad though. The Texans are an embarrassment no way around it.
"Yea I thought it was ridiculous that anyone wanted to let him go. I know we had some disappointing seasons leading up to that, but the team was just not that talented from 2015-2017 and Harbaugh kept them competitive anyway. We had no difference makers on offense besides old Steve Smith and some of those defenses were weak sauce. Ozzie gave Harbaugh one last gift with our 2018 draft class and that was all he needed to get back to being a perennial playoff contender. I did not want us to end up on the Jets, Giants, Browns coaching carousel."
We almost had Garrett (the clapper). Remember that.
[deleted]
"Mosley ended up on IR last year after playing just two games, and this year he opted out for Covid-19 reasons. 

$85 Million dollars. 

There's no telling what would have happened if we kept him, maybe he would even be playing this year. So far it is looking like letting him get overpaid somewhere else was a good idea. Especially with Queen looking good."
"the jets could trade him after June 1 next season for minimal dead cap. Him and Queen would be an unfair LB duo.

&#x200B;

BABY COME BACK"
Well the jets are cursed tho he probably wouldn’t have gotten injured here
I think you guys will be prepared more the 2nd time around when you play KC.
"I like queen. He plays as advertised. Hes faster than mosely and hes pretty good in coverage for a rookie. He still has some time before hes great in coverage but for now, worth every bit of his draft spot."
"Jets can't even get free of that deal until 2022 at the earliest. At least his cap # is less next year when the cap drops

Afterwards though? $18M/yr is a big yikes."
"I'm loving Queen so far, I would opt out too if I were on the Jets lol"
It’s like when you join the Jets you get this virus that strips away  your health and talent.  Look at Le’veon  Bell. Now it’s happened to Mosley.  It’s a shame because I’ve always considered him a top tier Mike.
"He’s a genius took a year off to heal, knowing he’d come back with a new/better coaching staff!"
"Yeah but Queen is turning into Mosley. 

Looks exceptionally in the run and his pass protection is sus 

I get he’s a rookie and coverage is the hardest part so I’m not shitting on him yet. But we’ll see how he progresses."
I love Mosley but he would let tight ends burn him.
"Well, they arent paying him this year, so his salary is a moot point."
"Sadly, not matching the Jets’ offer was one of the best decision we made in a while, but yea, if he could come back, for the right price, that would be a smooth move!!!"
"We will treat you better, come back to Mama"
"I cant upvote this because I love Mosely lol

But God Damn DeCosta matrix dodging bullets"
"It is hard to put the injury and his decision this year as a reason it was wise not to sign him.  If we resigned him, he may never have gotten injured.  Also he might very well have decided to play this year if he was on the Ravens.  Think about it, if you get a free pass for a year not to play, no real questions asked, would you want to risk another injury to play for the Jets?  I don't really agree with that kind of decision, but I can understand it."
Not even 2 full games btw.
To be fair the jets aren’t paying him this season anyways
"Queen is looking nice, but if we still had Mosely we wouldn't be getting reamed on screens.  He was legit probably the best in the league at sniffing out screens and getting tackles for a loss or minimum gain."
I miss hearing Gerry say his name on 98 Rock’s game broadcasts. 😥
Highway robbery
"sell high, buy low"
What?  Who wouldn't want to play for the Jets?
Elite dragon bout to match %50 of CJs starts. Hope Flacco can launch a few to Perriman like the good old days........
CJ was a good Raven but he's gone now and will stay that way. We dodged a bullet not getting suckered into a bidding war with Maccagnan. He's breaking down and no guarantee he'll ever be his old self. In with the new.
"Not tagging Mosley was probably EDCs first real mistake. If we had great LB play last year then our defense would have been unfair, and maybe we could have worked out a long term deal before the Jets could make a ridiculous offer."
ok and ILB is a major problem for us right now. Did anyone predict a player who missed 3 games with Baltimore to have a season ending injury followed by opting out of a season because of a pandemic?
Queen looks good?
Queen doesn't look good at all
I would like to buy Ravens jersey and I wonder what is the difference between this one (Speed Machine) from official Ravens shop [https://shop.baltimoreravens.com/mens-nike-lamar-jackson-purple-baltimore-ravens-speed-machine-limited-jersey/p-14346212427931+z-9527-2877589711?\_ref=p-DLP%3Am-GRID%3Ai-r4c0%3Apo-12&fbclid=IwAR1eWBf-B\_YJzgY4r\_3O1uBCB7J99DAm3WsBtn2VhT7OKIs5CEmXMugPxSY](https://shop.baltimoreravens.com/mens-nike-lamar-jackson-purple-baltimore-ravens-speed-machine-limited-jersey/p-14346212427931+z-9527-2877589711?_ref=p-DLP%3Am-GRID%3Ai-r4c0%3Apo-12&fbclid=IwAR1eWBf-B_YJzgY4r_3O1uBCB7J99DAm3WsBtn2VhT7OKIs5CEmXMugPxSY) and this one (Vapor Untouchable) from Nike shop [https://www.nike.com/t/baltimore-ravens-vapor-untouchable-lamar-jackson-mens-limited-football-jersey-S5xzdb/FA2032NMBLL-BR5](https://www.nike.com/t/baltimore-ravens-vapor-untouchable-lamar-jackson-mens-limited-football-jersey-S5xzdb/FA2032NMBLL-BR5). They looks same to me. Is there any difference?
"Well, I dunno why Nike has that listed incorrectly upon their own website, but those are the exact same style of jersey cut pictured (both being 'Speed Machine'). To avoid any confusion/mix-ups, I would stick with Fanatics/NFL Shop/Fan's Edge/Baltimore Ravens Shop whenever feasible — all operate under the same Fanatics umbrella, with everything being sent from their outlet located in Jacksonville, Florida — especially since they frequently tend to run plenty of various sales!

The only time that the Ravens utilize the Nike 'Vapor Untouchable' template on-field — and therefore, also the only versions of said style available to the fans — is when they wear the 'Color Rush' uniform set. In fact, the 'Vapor Untouchable' cut was first introduced for all NFL franchises' 'Color Rush' jerseys. However, most teams have since made the switch full time to the 'Vapor Untouchable' template for all of their primary & alternate jereys.

For whatever reason, Baltimore has not made the changeover from the 'Speed Machine' style for their primary purple, road white & alternate black jerseys. An additional note from experience: If you ever do decide to purchase a 'Color Rush' jersey — which are of course only available via the 'Vapor Untouchable' template (if purchasing 'Limited' version that is) — then I definitely recommend ordering one size up if plausible, as they are cut noticeably tighter/smaller for a more snug fit than the 'Speed Machine' versions.

The 'Vapor Untouchable' fabric materials are also sewn together in a much differently constructed manner. For instance (particularly in person), one can immediately recognize the three seams down the back of the jersey, including underneath the center of the numerals. Said seams almost appear to be sort of a modified Peace sign — or rather, like an upside-down 'Y'.

&#x200B;

P.S. Just for further clarification, the above comparative information is based solely on the 'Limited' ($150) style, since that is what you linked, thus presumably where your vested interest currently lies. I own two separate 'Color Rush' versions of Lamar Jackson: 'Game' ($100) & 'Limited' ($150). The 'Game' version is actually sold solely in 'Speed Machine' style (with heat-sealed graphics), despite being a 'Color Rush' jersey, whereas the 'Limited' & 'Elite' aka authentic styles are hemmed/sewn/stitched similarly to how they are worn by the players during actual games.

In other words, when it comes to those two more expensive styles, the part about the seams on the back is as I had previously described. Admittedly, I have never bothered with the other two cheaper (below 'Game' price) versions that they deem 'Pro Line' & 'Legend', respectively. Granted, I have heard almost nothing besides negative reviews regarding 'Legend' style, such as that it is essentially an overpriced t-shirt version of a jersey, but simply presented as a not-as-pricey alternative option to the others. I hope all of this has been helpful for your considerations!"
"Sorry, had to fish this out of the spam filter."
""
[removed]
""
"3 Sacks, 4 TFLs, 5 QB Hurries, 8 TKLs for Z vs ATL. I can’t thank you guys enough, he changed our pass rush"
"We definitely picked the wrong dude, he's so good lmao

I still think Judon can get hot though. I feel like he has waves of really good play. Hopefully it comes at the most crucial time."
Z Smith was a situational pass rusher and never was a starter and historically when guys like him leave they never live up to their contracts. But he really proved he is the real deal. We could use a guy like him. Hindsight is 2020 though.
"What a beautiful message, that was a touching moment last night."
Wont be shocked if Packers make it to the NFC Championship game again.
It's like watching Jimmy Butler do his thing on the Heat as a Sixers fan lmao. All I know is pain
"Love that dude! I wish we had the wherewithal to keep him here. But, I'm glad he plays for the Packers instead."
"Glad to see this man ballin.  That said, NO FANS saw him doing this.  Can't blame EDC for not keeping him.  He's the first person we've let go that I can remember taking a major step forward.  Love watching him play in GB and if he had the production with us in 18 he did in 19 guarantee we keep him."
"Next to my Ravens license tag plate holder thingy.

I forgot to take a picture. 

Need a car wash.

That is all. 

Steelers suck."
"At the garage I park, there was a car that had a Steelers plate and bumper stickers.  I had a bunch of the promotional Ravens car magnets.  For about six months I would put one of the magnets on the back of the car about every two or three weeks."
Instant death.
""
"I feel bad for Sam Darnold. He has to watch Lamar, Allen, and Baker play for teams who work with their strengths and weaknesses while his team's whole strategy is pretty much just ""fuck you, throw the ball to this new trio of scrubs""."
*Joe Cool has entered the chat*
Vegas just fixed Jets SuperBowl odds.
I’m fully on board for the chaos that would ensue if Flacco plays well and they are forced to make a decision
I hope he does well.
"flacco vs lamar afc championship game, book it"
#
We all watching the Jets on Sunday then lads?
January Joe is **back**
[deleted]
"20.13

[https://twitter.com/Ravens/status/1313125616628232194](https://twitter.com/Ravens/status/1313125616628232194)"
Its out there on social media but I couldn't find it again. It did say it was his fastest run of his career though.
""
Most accurate kicker and most accurate QB of all time in one photo
This is the embodiment of perfection. There is no other. Belee dat.
"I wonder if this is the longest a long snapper, punter, and kicker combination have played together?"
"Honorary Mentions as extended members of the 'Wolfpack' family over the years:

* **4**NTHONY LEV**1**NE
* CHR**1**S M**0**ORE

Additionally, while their respective development, production & consistent contributions rapidly continue — along with some eventually established tenure — Devin Duvernay & James Proche II will likely become considered major pieces of the whole ""Special-Teams-standouts"" conversation!

Also, I love that the latter chose #11, which seems fitting since it looks like the numerals at the end of his name. Plus, Proche already appears to be washing the bad taste out of our mouths left by Breshad Perriman's play in said digits! Thus far, James must be makin' Kamar Aiken proud!"
"2 things:
- Koch is jacked for a punter
- Morgan Cox is a huge part of Tucks success. Long snappers get no glory but are critical to JTucks rhythm"
"Morgan Cox is a graduate of my Alma Mater, the University of Tennessee. Go Vols! 

Love the wolf pack. I named my dog Tucker. Best special teams unit in the league."
"I see the Wolfpack, I upvote."
"You can call this the new World order of special teams, brother!"
Morgan Cox has is just Yanda post weight loss..
Sicko mode or Mo Bamba?
Koch look like he could turn defenders into minced meat.
DA GOATS..
"""Don't turn your back on the Wolfpack, you might wind up in a body bag"""
"Don’t forget the practice squad long snapper, Nick Moore, who can, for some fucking reason, punt left-footed"
-------------------------------> schedule is still wrong dudes
Wonder how stover compares to tucker
Next on Undisputed.
"Koch has a high completion percentage, so yes I would say this should be considered."
Is Tucker threatening to take Hollywood's job?
skkkkiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuuuupppp
He'll be above Trace and RG3 next week on the depth chart
I mean...Koch is the most accurate QB in nfl history on 4th down.
Only on fourth down
Clearly
"People seem split on doom and gloom this team is horrible, or we're the best team ever stop trying to coach from your couch. The bottom line is we're an extremely talented team that hasn't seemed to click on all cylinders yet, and we're 3-1 with 3 blowout wins. We were embarrassed and humbled by one of the greatest offenses in NFL history. It happens. Let's go through the positions.

Quarterback- B

So far Lamar has had a great game, a good game, a pretty ok game, and a bad game. It's definitely not entirely his fault, but we'll get into the other positions later. For some reason, maybe it's Harbaugh, or GRo, or maybe Lamar himself, but it almost looks like he's containing himself to the pocket unnecessarily. I can think of two reasons for this. One, we're trying to prove that Lamar can be an amazing passer. If this is the reason, it needs to stop. We know Lamar can throw, but the more he does with his legs, the more dangerous he becomes with his arm. Two, in a season with a limited training camp, injuries are popping up like daisies, so we're playing to protect him. I don't think this is the case as Lamar is very good at avoiding bad hits, but either way, we need to unleash the beast. Also, once he starts hooking up more consistently with Hollywood on the deep balls it will open up a lot for this offense. It's just a matter of time.

Runningbacks- B

The running backs have been solid, but asides from the Houston game, not amazing. The main thing bothering me is the scheming and playcalling, which obviously isn't their fault. We have a loaded backfield, why aren't we using it to its full potential? I don't even mean the ""we need to just run the ball more"" narrative. Running back is a position you need to get hot, and we sub so much that it makes it difficult to do so. Why not run a 2 RB set with Ingram and Dobbins? The possibilities are endless, and you have two of our best players on the field. The golden rule of offense is get the ball in your playmakers' hands. We can't do that if they're on the sideline. Like seriously, think of everything we could do with that set. It's crazy.

Wide Receivers- C

Hollywood is the bright spot here. He runs good routes, finds open space, and is reliable. Him and Lamar are just a tick off, but I'm not worried about that. Boykin does not run good routes. He does not play to his size. He's an amazing run blocker, but that's a secondary concern for wide receivers. We need players to reliably get open to move the chains, and help when we're down multiple scores. I'd like to see more Duvernay out there with Hollywood. Speed kills. Just watch Kansas City. I like Snead but he doesn't get the ball too often. We desperately need a true possession WR1.

Tight End- A-

Probably a higher grade than deserved at this point, but at the end of the day, Andrews had a bad game. He's still a great tight end and Lamar's go to(though Hollywood is sneaking in there). Boyle is underrated. It's a good group. I miss the 3 TE sets but I still think it was a good trade, as long as Dobbins is actually used to his full potential.

O Line- C+

Yanda is missed, though I did see improvement last game. In their defense, KC knew we were passing most of the game, which leaves Clark to focus on blitzing every down. Once they get more playtime together and are healthy, this grade should go up.

D-Line- B

I think this is another case of just needing more playtime together to be able to generate more pressure. The starters are all also on the wrong side of 30. After Cleveland, the run defense has been top tier.

Cornerback- A+

Losing Tavon stings (especially if you look at his contract), but it doesn't matter. They still get A+. Marlon is the best in the league, change my mind. Peters has also been incredible(besides maybe that KC game). Averett has honestly been a pleasant surprise so far. One of these years Tavon will stay healthy and this secondary will be god tier.

Inside LB- B

Fort has been very strong, not much to report here. Queen is playing like a talented rookie. He makes mistakes, but he generally does more good than harm. Pass coverage will get better, he didn't have a full training camp or any preseason to work with, and NFL speed is much higher than NCAA. Harrison is also pretty much playing the par for what I expected. He bites and gets fooled easily. I'm ignoring the KC game for both of them as that's not fair at all at this point in their career. Board sucks tho.

Outside LB- C

Judon is overpaid but also the scheming has been kind of weird. I think Wink sometimes outsmarts himself. Against KC, Judon was covering wide receivers. I get being creative and trying to fool a good offense, but sometimes you just have to rush your best rusher and hope he makes plays. With that said, I'm open to a Judon trade, as he only seems to get to the QB if he's untouched. I want to see more Ferguson. Bowser seems to be getting to the pocket but can't finish. McPhee has been relatively quiet. Let Sack Daddy in.

Safety- B-

Not necessarily bad, but nothing great here either. DeShon is basically a rookie with the amount of playtime he has. Clark has been solid(the FF against the Chiefs was great), but I'd like to see more.

Wolfpack- God Tier

No words I can think of are worthy of the wolfpack.

TLDR:

I think some adjustments to scheming on both offense and defense would help a lot. But we're still 3-1. The amount of raw talent on this team is ridiculous, which gives us a chance every game, or allows us to blow opponents up even when we don't look great."
I just felt deflated after being beaten by the chiefs AGAIN
"The staff needs to realize that Edwards in the answer at RB. He runs like Zeke Elliot, and we shouldn't dump to the RB anyways. Or should I say it feels like we rarely do. If Gus can get 6 ypc, let him eat!"
Kicker - A+++++++++++++
i don’t know about Lamar and the DLine having the same grade
"I don't know anyone that is talking about doom and gloom.  I think people are rightfully critical of the overall performance and pointing out how it won't be enough to win a SB, which has been the constantly talked about goal for the Ravens, ""by"" the Ravens, for the past 2 years.

Quaterback - B+

It is the defenses that are containing Lamar in the pocket.  They have been spying the outside and trying to keep him in the pocket.  You can notice when he does get out to scramble there are almost always guys on the outside waiting for him.  When watching a number of those games and plays, he is actually better off stepping up into the pocket.  So that is an adjustment he is making.  His passing is a bit better this year, even on the passes that seem to be off.  If you watch a number of those are placed precisely so the defense can't make a play on the ball, but it also unfortunately makes it a difficult catch for the WR.  Defenses are watching the sides to contain Lamar and getting into passing lanes to prevent big plays.  The Ravens haven't done a good job of changing their scheme to take advantage more of zone defense.  Lamar also needs to do a better job of taking what the defenses are giving rather than trying to make the big play all the time.  He also had this issue last year, but at least the Ravens had a much more powerful rush attack to rely on.

Running Backs - B+

You are right on the scheme, but not necessarily the answer.  The Ravens switched up from their scheme last year of loading up with TEs and trying to go to more wide sets.  They are trying to evolve the PB to include more passing, specifically to help address the problem of falling behind in games.  They don't have the same heavy blocking personnel they had last year, so the run game has definitely taken a hit.  The point of bringing in a fresh guy like Dobbins was to try and utilize a bit more flexibility and elusiveness rather than straight raw power, mainly because they knew they weren't going to have the same blocking capability.  The running game is actually third in the league and averaging 5.4 ypc, why aren't they using them more?

Ultimately I think the Ravens just haven't been running enough.  I feel this is a consistent problem for the Ravens where they try to ""out coach"" other teams rather than just playing their own game.  I mean, why didn't they run more against the Chiefs?  It just doesn't make sense some of the decisions they try to make.  The Chiefs were soft in the middle of the dline almost all game specifically because they were on a mission to contain Lamar.  

Wide Receivers - ?

I think you are ""slightly"" too critical on Boykin.  I have actually seen him get open a number of times, but he wasn't the target on the play.  They have used him mainly for blocking and quick short throws.  He is more of a deep threat, but hasn't been used as much for that.  He is already close to his targets and receptions from last year.  It seems this year more teams are clued in on who the Ravens targets are on plays.  The Chiefs especially had their number and almost knew what the Ravens were doing before they even called the play.  I agree that a true possession receiver would be good, but that is mainly what Andrews and Snead are supposed to be in this offense.  

Also it seems the Ravens are starting to move toward quicker passes and I think they are going to be using Duvernay more to try and take a bit more pressure off of Lamar and the run game.  Part of this I believe is also Lamar's fault with consistently trying to push the ball downfield instead of taking what the defense gives.  Part of this is what we love about him when we see beautiful passes to Brown or Andrews, but is also what other teams are cluing on when they contain him in the backfield.

Overall it is hard to grade the WR group.  I am not convinced the issue is purely the receivers.  I think a lot has to do with scheme and a bit with Lamar trying to hard for big plays.

Tight End - C+

Here I think you are being generous.  I wouldn't grade the TE group that highly.  I also think this is a case where the Ravens decided to only keep 2 known solid quantities and are suffering because of it.  Their 3 TE sets last year were a huge part of the success of the offense and we are seriously missing that advantage this year.  Andrews has had a few issues this year with some drops at crucial moments.  Overall I think this also comes down to scheme and how they are using the TEs this year.  Just another note, but Andrews has very similar stats to...Hayden Hurst, who we traded away.

Oline - B

Agree pretty much with this although I would give them a slightly higher grade.  I think they are solid, but clearly not the same dominant unit as last year.  Also, we aren't using the TEs quite as much to help bolster the blocking.  Also many times Lamar is getting stopped in the backfield specifically because he is scrambling out of a mostly clean pocket.  He isn't doing his oline favors when he does that.  Last year we had more flexibility because there was more experience on the oline and more TEs to help out.  This year Team's are focusing on the outside waiting for Lamar to scramble out.

Dline - C+

I mean there is no easy way to say this, but our Dline is not playing to their potential.  We are asking far too much of Calais out there and he is playing well, but at his age, he shouldn't be asked to cover so much of the field.  While the rush defense is doing pretty well, the dline isn't getting enough pressure in the passing game.  

ILB - B-

Fort has played well situationally, and Queen has been getting a lot of tackles, but that hasn't been keeping teams off the field.  What isn't being done is making enough plays in the passing game.  There is a severe problem with LBs in their coverage this year, and that is mainly due to inexperience.  

OLB - D

I am tempted to give this an F.  There is no easy way to say this, but the OLBs have been terrible.  They aren't getting pressure fast enough, and they aren't containing the outside well enough.  They are consistently getting fooled with screens and quick passes which are gashing our defense to death.  They are telegraphing everything they do.  Its just bad...all bad.  I don't really have anything good to say about the OLBs right now.

CB - B

I mean you can't really give the CBs an A when the Ravens have one of the worst passing defense in the league.  I think you are giving them way too much credit based on reputation alone.  I don't really think the coverage problems are the fault of the CBs, but I just can't grade them higher when they are a bottom 10 passing defense.  Humphrey is really good, but Peters hasn't been as good this year.  A lot of this has to do with needing to cover up for the OLBs and the safeties.  But the CBs need to shoulder some of the blame here as well.  

Safety  - C

I don't know what can really be said about the safeties.  There was so much hype for Elliott starting and for Chuck Clark after last season.  But they just haven't been living up to the hype.  Bottom 10 pass defense.  A lot of that rests on the shoulders of the safeties.  Chuck has been solid, but Elliott has been a liability, especially in coverage.  This is the reason we are seeing more of Jimmy at the safety spot.  Elliott is just not performing up to expectations.

I mean let's be honest, the Ravens defense has not been as dominant as they were billed to be this year.  You can't call yourself a dominant defense and be bottom 10 in pass defense in this league.  The coverage and play recognition has not been good for this defense.  And it is going to be more and more evident when we play pass heavy teams."
"I'm deeply concerned concerned about our pass rush.

I'm mildly concerned about our running game."
Not excited about the team this year. We need to prove that we can win from behind and not completely fall apart in the games that matter most before I can feel good about them again.
"I think the run game grade is a little generous, it still needs a little love this season in comparison to some other teams effectively running the ball for chunk gains especially if you take Lamar out of the equation"
"Disagree about our receivers - I think they're better than you think. Guys are getting open, but Lamar was super flustered in that Chiefs game. His worst game as a pro by far. Other than that, our pass game has been very very good on a per attempt basis. Also disagree hard about one of your points about Lamar - his passing from outside the pocket has been significantly better than it was last year, which is exciting. The first TD throw to Andrews on Sunday was more impressive than any throw on the run he has made in his career to date.

I don't see a huge point in ranking our position groups. This is a great football team. I still think we're the second best team in the league, but we're inarguably top 5. Last year was always going to be impossible to replicate. The Ravens were the best team in the league in the regular season by a mile. Not necessarily one of the best in NFL history, but we were the type of dominant team that comes along 3-4 times per decade. Expecting something similar this season was not realistic.

Look at where we were after Week 4 last year. 2-2 with hints of locker room drama, coming off an absolute shellacking by a divisional rival at home. This year, we have been smoked once, but we got smoked by the super-prepared defending Super Bowl champions that played their absolute A-game.

I'm slightly concerned about the pass rush. I don't think it's solvable with a Clay Matthews or Ziggy Ansah signing because those guys aren't better than what we have, they're probably about the same (though I would be open to bringing one in if someone gets hurt). And DeCosta won't mortgage our future to trade for a Melvin Ingram. We're going to have to keep creating pressure with numbers and scheme and trusting our secondary, but it's definitely concerning that we struggled to create pressure against KC even though we kept blitzing.

I think the biggest problem is just that if the Chiefs stay healthy and play their A game, it's going to be VERY VERY difficult to beat them. We'll have to play our A game AND have a few bounces go our way to pull that one out. Might need one of those Calais tipped balls to turn into an interception, and keep up the Special Teams dominance while we're at it.

Ultimately, this team is good enough to win the Super Bowl. Am I as high on the Ravens as I was after we beat SF last year or after we laid waste to the Rams on MNF? No. But I'm higher on them than I was at the same time last year. And I have faith that this team is well-coached and high-character and will continue to get better all season. AND I have faith that DeCosta will bring in a helpful piece for cheap at the trade deadline. It's tough to get excited about games against the WFT and Cincinnati, but there's certainly a very interesting stretch after the bye. We'll know a lot more then."
"No one is saying the team is horrible. Only the **pass rush** and **pass protection** are.

Judon sucks, as does Bowser, Ferguson, and Ward (is an okay DE).

Our DL can generate interior pressure, but that just pushed them to the outside where our edge rushers can't play contain, guard the flat or defend a screen to save their lives.

It doesn't help we have a **young and inexperienced** ILB. This is a growing pain for Queen.

As for RG, Phillips is most likely a backup quality. He has no leverage or push and seems to be slow to the 2nd level. Our PP is poo poo

Idk how you can give our OLBs a C. They're a flat F.

We blitz a ton, Matt Judon never wins 1-on-1s and this has been apparent for years.

WRs would be better if they had more time for their routes. We can't keep protection before Lamar has to scramble."
[deleted]
""
God I hope we put investment into olineman in the draft. If were losing stanley a year after yanda... gonna hurt. Oline is already kind of hobbled.
"You mean future Jet, Ronnie Stanley?"
"Man this always worried me. I value OL and DL a lot more than most people.

That being said 24m/year for Stanley? I love the dude but we got major issues at pass rush and OL. 

It might again be 80/20 with a franchise tagged year before we say good bye"
"Cant help but think the Ravens were sending a 'subtle' message to Stanley when they had Brown play  LT on Sunday, especially when you consider how well he performed and Harbaughs comments after the game."
"I mean we can also get an absolutely insane haul for Stanley imo. Save money, get picks and pick up a FA WR or edge. All hope is not lost if he is gone."
I saw this coming and honestly I'm okay with it. Locking up that much cap in a LT is just not going to work regardless of how good they are.
Everyone is replaceable. It's not like we'll play with 4 O-Linemen if Stanley walks. And it's not like the money we would have paid him gets thrown away. We'll sign other quality players if this happens
"I don't understand the idea that having a bad oline with Lamar is okay because Lamar is so athletic he can mask a bad oline.   Any QB, even Lamar, under constant pressure is not good.  It leads to mistakes, it leads to Lamar getting tired and it leads to him getting hit more.   Sacrificing oline because Lamar is elusive is not something that should be done.  Help him as much as possible.   Last year the oline was excellent and he threw for 36 touchdowns.  This year he can't hit on long shots and it under pressure way more often and it shows."
"I mean, this is concerning, he’s one of the best LT’s in the game."
Orlando was a LT throughout college.
Would love to get a Tunsil like Haul for Stanley and look to the draft
"If Decosta and Harbs think its the right move than I will support it. Hopefully the return is sizeable since he was a 6th overall pick who has been playing like it since he entered the league, especially last year."
"He's the guy to franchise tag I think (good move for Judon this past offseason, who we now know isn't worth the money he wants), who else would be a better contender in that regard?"
Its a good idea to let Stanley walk if he is commanding 22. Reinvest the 22 in other parts of the line and draft a tackle high
Does anyone remember 2013? Does anyone want a repeat of 2013?
"If we do trade him(I’d hate that move), we better get a fuck ton of draft capital. But BoB was the one making the trade for Tunsil so idek what we’d get for him. If the dolphins were able to get 2 1sts and a 2nd for Tunsil we better get a bit more for Stanley."
Everyone complains about the offense and then wants to let a top 3 tackle walk. Just pay the man.
Fuck Bill O'Brien for overpaying Tunsil!
Draft a Tackle 1st round after he leaves and will probably be ok. Still would like to see a deal made but not for Tunsil money
"Devils advocate: Lamars escapability really made all of our olinemen better than what they really were. 

Imagine the haul we would get for Stanley. Plus the cap savings. We could get a top end defensive player with the free space and possibly multiple 1sts? Im in."
I don't know but we need to at least have him for another year by tagging him. Then let him go if we can't reach a long term deal. I say 20M a year is fair for Stanley.
I agree Jeff...
Bill O’ Brien didn’t just fuck the Texans. He fucked the league on the LT market.
Somebody we like wont get a new deal.  Jackson is the only sure thing I can see.  All other options are on the table.
Trade him than for two draft picks than
Tunsil had unique leverage cause the Texans gave away their draft future to get him (and also cause BOB was a moron)
We should definitely keep him. Depending on his injuries this year. I mean he is a staple of our whole offense. A good qb dont mean shit if the Oline is horrendous.
"If we have to let him walk then that’s really unfortunate, but Orlando Brown has played really well at LT in his absence. I’d imagine we’ll still at  very least franchise him for a year though"
If be more ok with losing him if the rest if the o-line weren't awful
"That's why we played OBJ at left tackle, to test how we would look without Stanley"
""
Give the ball to Gus Edwards 20 times a game
"the team is 11th in offensive DVOA this year, obviously not annihilating opponents like last year but it's also not 25th"
The ravens are currently 11th in offensive dvoa. The cowboys rank 1st in yards but are 12th in offensive dvoa.
"Well we havent really played 3 out of 4 fourth quarters this season. And we spend most games after the 2nd half just burning clock it feels like.

&#x200B;

Also we've played some pretty bad offenses, which means their drives end early and give us good field position, which prevents us from racking up large yardage numbers, etc."
Scoring more points!
"Eh yards per game is a garbage metric. Not saying the offense couldn't stand to improve but we're far from the 25th offense.

EDIT: Last year we were 27th in passing yards per game, just for reference."
Hard to rack up offensive yards when Marlon keeps forcing fumbles at the opponent's 30
25th? That’s fucking pathetic.
"Play more than 4 games in a 16 game schedule? Plus we had 3 comfortable wins, with Lamar sitting early in 2 of them. The only game our offense just died was KC."
What about in points per game?
"If we had Yanda, this wouldnt be a conversation!!!
But hey, I'll take being 3-1 and up next, the Bengals.
So now that we got our 4 warmups out the way, its on!!!!!"
get rid of g-ro
"I'm day dreaming about having the money to blow on a jersey and just looking st prices. Some are 79, 99, and 149. Are there quality differences that I should be aware of? I'm not entirely sure what the difference is in the products or why they would be charged to so dramatically higher on the high end scale. 

I've never owned a jersey because poverty. But I really want one one day. Obviously the $79 seems like the best deal, but would it get fucked up in a washing machine while another one is better for actually cleaning. 

And info on the quality difference between jerseys, if there is one, would be nice."
"If you’re on nflshop, or fanatics or the ravens store. Click on details and bring the drop down on the specific jersey. The 149 are vapor. So they’re stitched. The cheaper you get the less stuff that will be stitched on. The cheapest level of jerseys won’t have stitched on numbers and it’ll all be just screen printed like on them. 


Also for future reference I always make sure to wear a shirt under my jerseys and rarely wash any of them, stitched or not. But if I do, I was them alone on delicate or by hand and definitely do not throw them in the dryer."
[deleted]
Probably not he’s not very good
""
At this point in his career he is similar to Boykin.  Probably runs better routes but age is catching up to him.   49ers are young at wr but they need the help still and the 9ers still cut him.
Nah this is a Flacco era move.
"To add my perspective, I say if he’s available on waivers or for next to nothing, then get him. Otherwise, not a big enough improvement over what we have to give anything away."
That’s his second time getting cut in 2 months. Why would we want him? He isn’t going to draw any more attention from a defense than Boykin does and Atleast Boykin knows the offense.
"Actually, he could hurt. He wasn't even that productive with Tom Brady last year, and Brady had awful receivers. 

I'd much rather continue to give Boykin or Duvernay a shot than pick up another aging veteran WR who just wastes a roster spot."
"We are the kings of drafting old receivers in the twilight of their career - Crabtree, Maclin, to some extent Steve Smith and Mike Wallace. For once I want us to have the good new blood or the ones who get a real superstar like Hopkins. (Aside from cap space and all of the logistics of it.)"
"Source: The \#49ers are releasing WR Mohamed Sanu, as SF gets healthy at the position with some of their young guys. Rare for an experienced, accomplished WR to be free in early October.

***

posted by [@RapSheet](https://twitter.com/RapSheet)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Sure but we need line help
No thx
"Nah. Not interested in sanu. I'm fully convinced we need to focus on filling in the RG position with someone suitable to be called a Yanda replacement. Our oline is what is causing problems. And it's because that area is weak. 

Our receivers are fine. We need someone who can help prevent the line from crumbling immediately."
We need a wr 1 if were going to upgrade the position not Sanu. Ik the Earl stuff happened and we dont want those kind of guys but it was clear the players didnt want him here theyve also made it clear they wouldn't mind AB so neither would I. 🙊
""
Also posted on r/LICENSEPLATES
[deleted]
"Guy merged with Suggs, looking diesed. 

44+55=99 🧐"
Did Judon do this himself? I wouldn't put it past him!
Did someone do this because he was our highest graded pass rusher so far this year? LOL
Body by Taco Bell!
Been eating a bit more Taco Bell?
""
"I haven't had much issue with Averett this season. Yes, he's a downgrade from Tavon but overall he's been decent enough. Certainly the weak link in our secondary, but not some huge liability that we must address ASAP

However, I don't know who this Dorsey fool was that we threw in the game in the 4th quarter to get burned by Scarence Terrence so I'm all for bringing Carr back so we don't have to see him again

Plus Carr is an awesome locker room and community guy, so just for selfish reasons I'd love for him to be back with the organization"
"Might as well kick the tires on him. Can't be worse than Aevrett in the slot and can play safety to keep jimmy more on CB.

Still need OLBs more than anything."
"Anyone watch him on Dallas?

I always liked him and thought he was great for DB depth.  Always had some big plays when we needed it.  I think we should sign him with Tavon gone."
One more injury in the secondary from being in trouble. Carr can play safety too. Def think it’s worth it.
"I’d like to see him back, he provides great depth."
Carr > Averett. PLAY JIMMY AT CB.
Whatever it takes to get Averett of the field.
If the COWBOYS cut him he must be done.
Oh no. Carr is an awesome human being. I wish him the very best in life.
Did the cowboys kill his games started streak? If they did I will never forgive them
I’m all for Brandor
Yes plz
No
[deleted]
""
Can you not spam your personal website everywhere
"No deliberation needed: he sucks so if someone offers anything we should trade him. But his value is the opposing sky high, it’s more like septic tank low. He’s gonna ask for an unwarranted contract and this year his cap hit is already 17 million or so. No one wants that. It isn’t even close to a risk, definitely more of a help if we trade Judon now"
""
"For what it’s worth, PFF grades: 
- Murray 46.6
- Queen 29.3 

It should be noted that Queen’s low grade is heavily due to him getting torched in coverage (KC).  His rush D and pass rush D rating are both much better than Murray."
"I am glad we took Queen because I believe he will be the better LB in the end.  But it is hard to say that right now when Queen is so bad in coverage, which was one of the main things he was supposed to help upgrade."
"I was having this conversation last night lol. 

He gelled with our defense almost immediately and he’s putting up better numbers than Murray."
Why? Are you going to offer some side by side analysis?
Im sure guy looked at number of tackles and made his brilliant observation
I feel the jury is still out.  Murray we won’t know until he gets an expanded role.
"As a Chiefs fan, wish we would have got him."
neither stand out. Queen is a flat out liability in coverage and still struggles against o linemen. Didnt like him before the draft and I don't like him now.
""
He was super close to having another one too.  He punched a ball out later in the game.  It somehow bounced around in the players hands and wound up right back in his grasp.
"the truly insane thing is that TYPICALLY youre trained to wrap and tackle and that trying to force a fumble and tackle at the same time usually turns into a broken tackle. you wrap and let guy #2 go for the ball.


ol hump out here just routinely tackling while attacking the ball and forcing fumbles consistently all by himself wtf"
He's the new Charles Tillman. He's just trying to revive the famous Peanut Punch.
""
That looks amazing. Great artist
Beautiful tattoo man! Looks great!
Killer tattoo!
Awesome art!! Mind sharing who the artist is?
That tattoo artist was worth every penny. Amazing work.
That is really nice. Do you have to pay top dollar for something like that?
No weapon formed against that leg shall prosper
"Quality. 

Who did it?"
"That's it, I'm getting my big ""52"" tattooed soon after seeing this."
Don't be spooked when your right leg starts shouting motivational quotes at you at 3am in the morning
Anyone else seeing Biscotti’s hairline in the background? This hits on a lot of levels
"the dark shading on your top calf makes it look like you got a really bad bruise, but other than that looks great"
Y tho
"If I found out a complete stranger got my face tattooed on their body, I’d be a little creeped out."
"they do need a rb and we need an edge rusher, c'mon EDC make it happen"
Personally I feel that Gus and Dobbins are gonna be our 2 main backs next year.
"Unless EDC can literally hypnotize people, the Chargers would never go for this."
Why do they need an RB? Eckler is likely only out for a month and Kelley looks pretty promising. There’s not enough in this trade for them.
Probably not enough film on Edwards to demand much value. Maybe if we would have actually used him during the Titans loss.
I could see M. Ingram doing great in purple
"Gus Edwards isnt worth much in a trade. He is a 3rd string power back with 0 receiving skills and who is a RFA at the end of the season. Undrafted guys and late round guys are performing well enough in the league for teams to not value these guys much. Plus, im sure we will give him a 2/3 year contract instead of the RFA tender at the end of the season and roll with JK and him"
The Chargers aren't dumb enough to do this. Not unless BoB gets hired as a shadow GM for some fucked reason.
"I saw a comment on the chargers subreddit that said, ""All Gordon is good for is taking carries away from your other backs"""
"Fuck that. What a dumb trade suggestion. Gus is our best back.

Why is the general consensus from most fans (outside of reddit too) that Gus isn't our best back?

It's glaringly obvious how well his power run style fits our team. Hill and Ingram are out after this season.


I'd trade a 2nd, Judon and a 6th for Ingram and a 3rd."
Nope.. give me Gus and his contract over Ingrams any day. Big names are nice but we are cash poor
"I’m glad none of us armchair GMs are actual GMs. I know I’d be pretty terrible at it. Probably the worst of all-time.

With that said, I’d try hard not to go over $22 million per year, but would go up to $24 million if it was the only way. I’d rather pay a premium than deal with the headache of losing the best left tackle in the NFL (who’s only 26). It may also be beneficial to consider franchise tagging him to give him 2 more years to prove he’s the best in the league.

While I think some people have a point in saying the return would be huge if they were to trade him, I’d have to disagree and say hitting on a top draft pick like him, at LT, is too valuable to give up in his prime.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j6h6q4)"
He was the best tackle in football last year and is graded again as the top tackle currently this year you don’t get rid of franchise LT you pay the man what he wants
There’s teams that desperately need a tackle and we have one of the best. We didnt look great but it wasnt horrible without him. We could trade him for pretty much anything we want. I know this is going to be an unpopular opinion but if we can fix a couple of our weaker positions while avoiding draining our cap. Ready for the downvotes
"Spotrac who do a pretty solid job of estimating market value has him valued at

4yrs $67M (16mil per yer)"
"I think if any team comes talking multiple firsts for him he has to go, with the way we draft that is giving us gold and buying us more time to lock up other talents..

I think barring that, he doesn't get Tunsil money because Tunsil clearly got overpaid especially for what they are getting out of him now, but anything shy of that is worthy something closer to 18-20 is realistically where he should land I think."
"I hope we franchise him for a year or two to give time for another team to ""reset"" the market that BoB fucked up with the Tunsil deal. Hopefully someone can push the rate down to the $18-20m ballpark."
"Houston may have overpaid for Tunsil, but we should not overpay for Stanley. Draft one. And yes, we need 2 edge rushers. Judon gone after the season."
"Trade for 2 firsts. Draft pass rushers.

And use the money to buy a cheaper RT and switch Orlando to LT.  Cut Judon and go for a prime receiver or another pass rusher."
"I’d sit Stanley down and explain his current market value. He’s not landing anywhere for 17+ on a 75% guarantee if he keeps getting injured and he’s not an elite tier lineman alone(we’ve seen him without Skura and Yanda, he doesn’t elevate the line around him). I’d be looking for a trade but if he’d agree to 16 or less guaranteed I’d roll the dice."
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j6i4jm)"
 Railers has too many sexual innuendo possibilities to not win this one
"The Mustangs would have been pretty cool.  It ties in the Colts and also a really neat WWII fighter plane.

I'm totally happy with the current team name though,"
"Americans , are you serious? That was a choice ?"
This was hard they all suck. Thank god we went with ravens
Marauders wouldn't have been bad kind of a mouthful though.
Ravens is clearly the best choice but baltimore mustangs does sound cool. But the colts left. Don't bother referencing them.
I was one of those who suggested Ravens. It was a perfect fit for Baltimore considering Edgar Allen Poe lived and died there.
"Why were the Americans even an option JFC lmao

They all pretty much sucked though. Ravens was a great choice"
I never liked any of the other options. That's why 9 year old me called The Sun to vote Ravens who knows how many times.
Bombers
"By far the rest sucked.
For me Ravens was a no brainer based on the significance. 
The rest were just bad.  Perhaps by design."
"Americans is an even dumber name than Texans 

If any team should be named that, it’s Washington, not a Maryland team, tf. Plus it sounds corny af"
imagine how thematically appropriate a steelers vs railers game would be
Mustangs would be the closest lol
I think Ravens was by far the best choice *but* If it had to be something else I think the Baltimore Bombers could have been cool.
I was hoping for the Baltimore Huns. We could have had some sort of Attila character as a mascot and the cheerleaders would all have worn beehive wigs.
Bacteria. Haha
My highschool team was the mustangs and we sucked so I'll never like it. Mauraders sounds pretty cool though
The Railers just because of the double meaning.
[deleted]
Will this be released as a hardback version?
Is your flacco one a Nike or reebok jersey?
"So I bought 2 jerseys. I have a Fanatics Proline replica and a Nike Color Rush replica. I'm a big guy and I can tell you the proline, though not by much, fits a bit tighter"
""
Mark’s got “it”. I see a future for him in sports media
[removed]
"I was u/Filmstudy’s guest last night on the [offensive review of the WFT game](http://www.filmstudybaltimore.com/offense-notes-week-4-ravens-football-team/) and I wanted to continue the dialogue we had about Fluker. Do you think he’d best serve as our RG instead of a backup tackle in case of injury? Given Phillips’ rookie growing pains and what we saw from Fluker against a good defensive line, I do feel like we are handicapping ourselves a bit in the name of depth."
"I believe the Ravens will stand pat with Phillips at right guard, even if that means more growing pains throughout the season. Baltimore elected to go with the mid-round rookie over the veteran Fluker and second-year Ben Powers (who got the start in last year's season finale and performed pretty well) in a year without any preseason games and a shorter camp. That already is a pretty tall feat, all things considered.

Now, I get that D.J. Fluker is the more consistent talent right now; but I can see *why* the Ravens want to stick with Tyre Phillips. For one, he's the ""future"", whereas Fluker is only signed for a year I think; and benching Phillips all of a sudden is probably not the best thing to do in the long run in terms of his confidence. Secondly, his potential can only be realized with more experience. It may take the majority of the season to see it; but if it does happen, it will pay dividends down the stretch and postseason for the Ravens as well in the years to come.

Unless Phillips gets hurt or he doesn't show any improvement before the bye week, I just can't see the Ravens making the swap. Let's put it this way: If the Ravens didn't see the potential in Phillips, would they have gone with him over players that actually have NFL experience in a possible Super Bowl year? It just so happens that Fluker is still a pretty good player and there isn't anywhere for him to start on the line. So, he's there as great depth for whenever a guard or tackle goes down and he needs to step in, like he did this past weekend."
"Orlando Brown Jr didnt get the start over Hurst until like week 5. Harbs doesn't like playing rookies. 

Phillips got the start over a solid vet in Fluker and 2nd year Bredson, with like zero offseason and literally zero preseason games. 

That says everything about their evaluations. Imma stick with what they are seeing."
"My biggest problem right now is I see Philips drifting back into spots that are cutting off running lanes for Lamar, he can't get forward out of the pocket he's having to loop around making him susceptible to the outside pressure that's usually getting moved towards the back of the pocket by the Guards.. he is essentially getting bottled up by his own lineman and there have been multiple drives that went stale this year so far because Lamar couldn't take his first out because he ran into Philips.

Also, the whole line will benefit more from sticking to the run.. there's some big guys we are asking to pass defense for along time.. and they're not always holding up.."
"In terms of replacements for the young linemen...The process of developing a young lineman and assimilating them to NFL play is always a slow one that takes patience as a major ingredient. Literally every OL the Ravens have drafted didn't play as well as a rookie as he would eventually. Even Ogden and Stanley improved plenty during year 1 and into year 2. But the other successful OLmen who got their start in Baltimore since 2006 have all had upward trajectories which lasted 4 weeks to 3 years. Jason Brown, Chester, Yanda, Grubbs, Gaither, Hurst, Osemele, Jensen, Wagner, Skura, Stanley, Eluemunor, Bozeman, OBJr all improved during their rookie seasons and beyond. Most of them started in the C/D grading level by my system for at least part of their rookie seasons.  


The exceptions to the rule are John Urschel (mind elsewhere--regressed then gave up football), Michael Oher (ski slope career after fine rookie year at RT and I don't care whether you want to blame the Ravens for moving him), and Alex Lewis (injuries, ended up playing his best as a rookie)  


All this is to say giving up on Phillips is premature. Bozeman was in almost exactly the same point last year before he saved his job in Seattle with a good game and has been good since."
""
Hoping our AFC brothers go to 4-1 this week.
"Y'all some major simps for going in therr and harping on every area that the Ravens aren't perfect at. Of course the team has weaknesses no perfect team can exist in the salary cap era. 

We have a top 3 roster in the AFC, top 5 team at worst. Meanwhile, the Bengals are struggling to be a top 20 team and have a terrible defense and OL. 

You guys really don't want to just say that this game is another creampuff easy blowout game because of that one ""Titans are hoes"" post which means we cant recognize this game for what it is right?

Before the Texans and WFT game, everyone pretty much knew the games were going to be blowouts in the Ravens favor with a very slim chance of an upset. It's the same thing with the Bengals. They're going to lose by like 30 and any other outcome would be a shock."
""
I miss him too but I wouldn't miss that contract. 17m cap hit this year and 20m next year.
Literally just made a post on him lol. Think we should of kept him?
People saying he wasnt that good on the ravens really don't understand how insanely effective he was in a limited role during his last season with us. He didn't just magically get good with GB. There's a reason the packers spent all that money on him.
"Za'Darius Smith has been named NFC Defensive Player of the Week after his 3️⃣-sack performance on Monday Night Football! 💪

🏆: 

***

posted by [@packers](https://twitter.com/packers)

 [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EjudsRnWAAESb9-.jpg) 

[Link in Tweet](http://pckrs.com/znfc4)


^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I didnt think he'd be this good. However I did want to keep him. Seeing how other guys who left turned out I thought maybe we made the right decision & once i saw the money I knew he was gone. I'm glad he's playing well I just wish we could've worked something out.
"Za’darius on the ravens was nothing like za’darius on the packers. He had trouble getting pressures, setting the edge and pretty much had lost his starting job to Judon."
"r/ravens 2018: We don't need him.  He's not that good at getting pressure.  Our system makes him look good.

r/ravens 2020: We need to trade our all-pro elite LT for an edge rusher or anyone that can get sacks!

r/ravens 2021: Our OL sucks!!  LJ8 is getting creamed on the left side.  Why didn't we draft a LT in the first round???"
""
"Watt would be amazing but it’s hard to imagine us giving up a 1st for him (3x DPOY, future HoF merits a 1st). 

Idk why nobody is talking about Michael Gallup. Dude is more well-rounded than any WR on our roster, has a year left on his rookie deal, and is forgotten behind Cooper & Lamb over in Dallas. 

Pass rush is the bigger need, but who thought we needed a CB before we got Peters? If we’re going to pass a lot then Lamar needs better WRs, end of story."
Safe bet Judon is out
Not that I wouldn't love watt but we need edge guys and idk if watt can play edge
pass rush plz god
"Low key I think a FS might be on the radar as well.  Ravens covet a good FS.  Reed, weddle and then Earl.  Maybe the vikings would be willing to part with Harrison Smith. He has two years left on his deal. 

Other options I could see are whitney mercilus, trent murphy, ryan kerrigan and Michael gallup.   All are positions of need and would provide a small boost."
"Obviously this is just an opinion piece really, so who knows what might happen. But who do we think they're looking at? Or even what positions?"
"Am I the only one that doesn't want Watt? Just massive injury concerns for me, over 30, expensive. Really wish we would have got Yannick"
If you get Bosa you might be able to beat mahomes if Roman grounds and pounds all game like the Ravens can do
Marvin Jones (DET) and Kenny Stills (HOU) are two I can think of
Wait until TikTok hears about us trading Lamar for 7 1st rounders
Music to my ears. Trades will be NEDDED for a Super Bowl run!
"GR has been dreaming up a new system centered 2 x running qbs, we trade for Watson for the quintuple option back attack!"
Tony Jefferson? Anybody at pass rush? Those 2 are my hopeful positions at least
I wouldn't mind JJ Watt. It'll be extra motivation facing his brother twice a year!!! That'll be awesome.
Is the tank back on in Jacksonville? Would they be willing to part with Josh Allen?
""
"Funny but...

I KNOW you did not just crosspost the Steelers"
I’ve never seen it before but now I can’t unsee it
"""Let's go Brownies!""

\-Heinz Field, 2018"
"Okay I give up, someone help me see it"
It took a minute.
Fuck the browns and fuck the Steelers by the way
Can’t unsee
At least he’s wearing a mask...
Funny that the Steelers subreddit did this considering their fans' recent chants during a certain game with playoff implications
Ha!
"Ravens fans                 🤝🏾                    Steelers fans

Fuck yall tho"
"I'll never see it any other way now.

Laugh at the Browns.
Fuck the Steelers."
""
I'd love to see him do well. He's a good guy. I would not bet on it tho.
"oh shit, jets just became superbowl contenders"
"[Flacco Dueling Lamar Jackson in the 2020 Playoffs, Colorized](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/93/ef/2c/93ef2c37ffc3e044338ab004f59d280d.gif)"
Go Joe ! Hope he can make that comeback.. I miss him but I don’t miss him
It’s crazy to think that Perriman and Flacco could be a thing again
Looks like i gotta watch both Raven games now.
Will be the worst receiving core he’s ever worked with...which is saying a lot
100% rooting for the jets this weekend
New York Joes
Pack it up guys we're fucked
WAAAAHHNNNN AAAAYYYYYTTTTEEEEEEEEEEE!!!
Congrats Big Joe. Love to see it
"He'll be the second Joe ever to start a game for the Jets.

Edit: at QB."
the 12-4 jets will be my favorite storyline this nfl season
Elite dragons always rise to the top
The return of the dragon : the joe flacco story
THATS MY QB
League fucked.
"Release the Kraken, er Dragon!"
🐐
Go Joe go! Hope your OL can protect you so you can use your cannon arm!!
**New York Ravens Baby!!!**
Over under 2.5 rushing yards for Flacco?
Leveon Bell is about to get 15 catches for 25 yards lol
If they can sneak into the playoffs.... Watch out! Playoff Joe Cool comes alive!
RIP Cardinals.
"People are going to want to shit on his checkdown last week, but when you're 3rd and 30, checking down to play the field position game isn't a bad move."
"Keep getting them checks, Joe!!"
I’m nervous for him since their O-Line is complete garbage. Hopefully he doesn’t take a bad hit and gets injured.
"He starts. They win some. Flacco becomes the new ""Broadway"" Joe. 

But it's Joe, on the Jets. Nevermind.

I always had a feeling he would end up either on the Jets or Eagles. Being a Jersey boy I mean.

Jersey Joe Flacco."
😂😂🤣🤣
He's *bacccccccccck.*
"Before the season, I told my friends Flacco would be starting at some point this season, and they laughed."
Can't wait to see that checkdown!! Jk. Joe cool is the man
It doesn’t matter who is the QB if they don’t fix that horrific O-Line
Lowkey did the Jets just become ELITE 😳😳
"Always wish the best for Joe. He brought stability to the Ravens for the 1st time in franchise history, turned the team into a perenial contender. I'll be rooting for the Jets this week."
ill be watching. maybe the last game you see joe play
LETS GO
[deleted]
Because we blitz so much otherwise we can’t generate pressure
"Because we blitz a ton to make up for our lack of edge rush, and screens are the natural rock to that sizzor. Also our ilb’s are inexperienced and coverage is the  weakest part of their game"
"Humphrey lined up in a blitz against the best QB in the league, start there"
"We don't have good coverage lbs in my opinion, usually good coverage lbs are good at play recognition and are generally the captain of the defense who can change the play based on what they see from the offense. Ray Lewis, Luke Kuechly, Bobby Wagner and Patrick Willis are some good examples of this."
"Since as a franchise we have never, and I mean ever, been able to successfully execute a screen the defense gets no practice seeing what one's supposed to look like. But since Flacco and Ray Rice literally made their bones on dump off passes (4th and 29 LOL) I have no excuse for why we're unable to defend them."
[deleted]
:( brings back memories
it was deleted can you link it?
[removed]
""
""
"Happy death day.
That's a new one."
You called????
Death is our main personality trait?
""
I would consider adding these to my collection... even though the collection is only 70s 80s (and a random) 90s vintage sunnies.
Link????
"Definitely interesting, I couldn't pull those off though"
""
"Last year he had a groin injury before he played the jets on Thursday night football. All week sports segments were :”is lamar jackson’s playing style catching up to him?, or how much longer will he last in the nfl now that he had a groin injury? Then he proceeded to break mike vicks record and throw for 5 touchdowns."
Already know r/nfl is gonna have a field day with this
"Lamar missed a couple of practices during training camp with a groin injury. Lamar was asked about it upon his return. Lamar said that he felt good enough to practice but didn't because the ravens were being cautious.

That is what this sounds like. Lamar is probably dealing with a sore knee and is being given extra time to recover."
Do they practice Tuesdays?
I hope this isn't like the time Perriman had a not serious injury
This is not ideal
He probably just got the day off
Mcsorley to start !
trying to not be an alarmist but missing a whole wednesday practice is not ideal. cincinatti is the optimal opponent for this to pop up tho
He NEEDS to be at practice. He’s looked god awful so far this year.
[deleted]
Shit looks like its from 2015 😭
Honestly looks like it would have been a very light practice. And anyone who wasn’t feeling 100% was sat.
"Injury report: Team. 

Hopefully just a rest day for most, vet days & minor injuries."
Its not even 🎃Halloween🎃 yet! Thats scary
You want a silver lining it's that Madubuike was a full participant. Could give a little more juice up front
So most of our starters. Ok.
What is NIR for Calais
[deleted]
""
That's tough!!
I have this and love it!
Where did you get this gem?
Wow that’s unreal! Nice find.
""
"OL scoring vs WFT, including:

1. A 3rd straight strong game from Matt Skura
2. Regression by Tyre Phillips
3. An outstanding fill-in job by Zeus at LT
4. Play with positive portent by DJ Fluker at RT"
They gotta consider making a switch at RG I feel. Can’t help but think Fluker or Powers could be an improvement.
So it looks like our issues are at both of the guard positions. Which makes sense that Roman is trying to do more on the outside as opposed to calling inside runs cause the Guards are weak
""
It looks like your shoes are wearing sombreros.
All that yellow looks more like a lakers color way
These are sick bro. Will look raw with a jersey.
🔥 🔥 🔥 heat bro
That’s fire bro.
[deleted]
""
No he was already declining before the elevator incident due to injury.
Definitely a Ring of honor lock for us
"Probably not, but I do say Hall of Very Good."
We will find out because JK Dobbins is Ray Rice II
"I doubt he could have made the HoF, he was already on the decline when that incident happened.  If teams really thought he had a lot in him still, he would have been signed by someone.  It was an intersection of bad PR and declining play.

It really sucks because I think he is a much better person than that one incident reflects."
"No, he was washed"
"He didn't come back into the NFL because of how publicised it was and he was coming off a very bad year. What Adrian Peterson did was worse and he's still allowed back in the NFL. He's still in the league for 2 reasons:

1. He's still a good player despite his age.
2. What he did has been largely forgotten by the public eye and people still think corporal punishment is ok with kids. Despite there being a lot of evidence showing that physical discipline only really produces negative outcomes for a child."
"It sucks he never got another chance I still believe he had something left. Its just odd he gets banned for life but greg hardy, AP, Hunt, Tyrek and others still got another chance"
""
2nd one tho 🔥
"Yes, set the second one to my wallpaper, so good"
You made these? Jesus Christ these are fire.
""
The racist dog whistle reversal
I’d still place him below Justin Tucker on the WR depth chart
Looks like Traysom McHill out there
Not bad for a quarterback.
Is there anything this guy can't do?
""
""
What else are you planning on selling?
How much you selling this for?
""
Let's pass 40 times.
"#RUN

#THE

#BALL

GIVE IT TO THE GUS BUS!"
Roman: “I wonder if Lamar should pass 60 times on Sunday?? 🤔
Thank god we’re playing on our field this week rather than some other team’s shitty wet turf
Perfect weather for some fuck it run it game time shit
Let the gus bus go muddin
GOOD!
Hey everyone I’m a ravens fan in the northern Kentucky/Cincinnati area and I was wondering what is the podcast for the ravens? Any suggestions would be great!
"filmstudy with ken mckusick, even if it's not the most polished podcast out there it's 100% the most informative and educational, goes past the analysis of other ravens podcasts I've tried"
Baltimore Beatdown is my go-to
I’m the host and producer of the Baltimore Beatdown Podcast. Hope you check us out.
Baltimore beatdown is a good one. There still relatively new (2nd season I think) but both hosts are extremely knowledgable and most importantly keep your attention.
Baltimore Beatdown is the best
"I’ve listened to Kevin Oestreicher over at ‘Locked on Ravens’ for a year or two now. Episodes are published really early each morning, so I can listen while I get ready for work. It’s like an audio espresso. Each episode is 20-35 minutes."
"If you search for Baltimore Ravens Podcast Network, you'll get all the podcasts that the Ravens produce themselves (The Lounge, What Happened to That Guy, Training camp & season breakdowns)."
The caw podcast is good as well. Informative and entertaining guys
"[Justin Tucker](https://ibb.co/J2ZQ8MZ) is the best NFL placekicker ever. Just ask [Bill Belichick](https://www.boston.com/sports/new-england-patriots/2019/11/01/bill-belichick-patriots-ravens-justin-ticker-best-kicker-nfl-history), [NFL.com](https://www.nfl.com/photos/gil-brandt-s-greatest-nfl-place-kickers-of-all-time-0ap3000000816169), [Stats Nerds,](https://jacob-long.com/post/evaluating-kickers/) (not to mention [Lamar Jackson](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/news/rain-wind-or-whatever-justin-tucker-is-still-the-g-o-a-t)). And if you don’t era-adjust, it is not particularly close.

Why? Why is one kicker so much more powerful, accurate, and consistent than his peers?

Why is his 2020 [kicking spray chart ](https://ibb.co/yNJ8vvQ)so strikingly centered in the middle - with \~85% of his kicks in the middle third of the posts when other kickers seem to miss weekly? 3 primary factors contribute to Tucker’s place kicking brilliance

1. Amazing technique consistency in a kicking form designed for power
2. Tucker’s technique is actually far from textbook. I would definitely not suggest it to anybody learning how to kick. 

* His [plant foot is remarkably close](https://ibb.co/6Rq3QK6) to the ball - this would cause an average kicker to strike the ball with their heel because they would not be able to extend their leg all the way. To compensate, Tucker leans wayyy left. This allows him to straighten his leg and [hit the ball with his instep. ](https://ibb.co/XyCzvjs)
* But also has another effect: significantly increased power. Put simply, the way to get power is to bring your hips and body through the ball at the same time as your leg swing. Tucker does this by having his [hips face to the right ](https://ibb.co/dKVBTJK)pre-kick and bringing his [hips and body through the ball and to the left. ](https://gfycat.com/harshpoisedcockerspaniel)
* Random Interesting note: I was talking with [Nick Vogel](https://www.cbssports.com/fantasy/football/news/ravens-nick-vogel-signs-with-ravens/) a couple months ago who spent a few weeks with Justin when he signed with the Ravens for training camp in early 2020. Vogel said he was trying to bring his own plant foot away from the ball because his (very rare) mishits were off the inside of his foot. Meanwhile, Tucker was trying to get his plant foot closer to the ball. Just an interesting kicker technique tidbit imho. 
* Because Tucker’s hips start out to the right and then he leans so far left, it compels his body to swing violently through the ball - we can see this through the [huge post-kick skip on his plant foot to the left. ](https://gfycat.com/harshpoisedcockerspaniel)There is a cost to this technique though - it requires excellent balance to lean so far left and still have the core strength to pull your leg through. 
* Speaking of leg swing, his is very very steep. [Look how high his leg](https://ibb.co/6ZFSRxV) gets before his swing - with his toe nearly at mid-back level. Once again this is typically an all-out power leg swing. The further higher and back the leg swing = more power potential but much less consistency because more can go wrong with timing and swing trajectory
* Finally, his last step (the “push step”) - is absurdly long and aggressive. [Flying hard into the ball gives more momentum ](https://gfycat.com/deliciouswhirlwindarcticwolf)but it usually leads to inconsistent plant foot  location (and therefore bad contact)

Yet, Tucker is extremely precise in all these areas. [Even leaping toward the ball ](https://gfycat.com/deliciouswhirlwindarcticwolf)he can stay under control and plant just in the right spot with his hips angled in the same direction every single kick. Morgan Cox, the Ravens Long Snapper [agreed, saying](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2682088-the-secret-to-justin-tuckers-success-issinging) “He's able to follow the same technique and ball-striking ability every time that some kickers can't… He's able to do the exact same thing every time. That's what makes him really good.”

From a [BR article ](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2682088-the-secret-to-justin-tuckers-success-issinging)we know “he takes note of width and length from his planted foot to the ball, placement of his foot on the ball and the steps to get downfield after swinging through the ball. Every motion between running out onto the field to the post-kick celebration is scrutinized.”

The tales of Tucker’s Kinesthetic genius start right after him being signed by the Ravens as an UDFA. Here’s a f[ew quotes from Tucker’s kicking coach Randy Brown ](https://www.espn.com/blog/baltimore-ravens/post/_/id/49906/finding-justin-tucker-how-ravens-landed-best-in-history-of-the-game)on the transformation he made in just one day.

“When you take your three steps back and two steps over \[to line up for a kick\], always start in the same spot. He wasn’t always starting in the same spot. Then, approach the ball from the same angle. Third, the plant. When you have a guy who is a home run hitter like him, and he swings from his shoes, you have to have him plant from the same spot each time. That was the key… It’s beyond unusual. It’s close to miraculous. That next day -- and I remember that day like it was yesterday -- after a few warm-up balls, we got to the same spot and the same plant. He didn’t miss a kick that day. I knew right then and there that we have somebody special.""

It would take most kickers months to make those changes. Tucker did it in 24 hours. Not to mention his absurd leg speed - [this is the guy that wants kickers](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2682088-the-secret-to-justin-tuckers-success-issinging) to get a point for kicking the ball through the uprights… which is a 75 yard kickoff. Being able to place his feet at precisely the right place every single kick no matter the circumstances? That's kinesthetic genius. 

1. Mental Skills

Quantifying the mental abilities of a specialist is difficult but it is clear that Tucker is also extraordinary in this category. 

His agent, Rob Roche, [said](https://www.espn.com/blog/baltimore-ravens/post/_/id/49906/finding-justin-tucker-how-ravens-landed-best-in-history-of-the-game) when he beat out incumbent Billy Cundiff  “Justin had that mental makeup to hit clutch field goals.""

Cox also said: “His confidence is off the charts”

From a Pre-Draft workout video Tucker confidently [blurts out](https://youtu.be/wTZhdFGFJX0?t=287) “pick me.” In a football culture that expects kickers to be meek, he is gregarious.

Pressure doesn’t seem to be a problem either - with his ability to deal with pressure seemingly coming from [performing in front of a voice jury ](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2682088-the-secret-to-justin-tuckers-success-issinging)every semester to see if he could stay in his program. 

Tucker seemingly comes from the [Morten Anderson school of dealing with pressure:](https://vault.si.com/vault/1995/12/04/big-wheel-morten-andersen-has-a-new-home-in-atlanta-but-hes-producing-the-same-old-results-for-the-falcons) “The pressure associated with important kicks is a perceived notion, something created by the

fans and media. As long as I'm relaxed and at peace, then pressure is nonexistent."" Tucker sure seems to feel the same way. 

Furthermore, there is more than just dealing with pressure when kicking. It is the ability to lock in to every extra point, every mid range field goal in a blowout win - and not to let his hips come through the ball 1/10th of a second too late and push a 37 yard field goal wide left. 

1. “The Wolfpack”

Tucker [refers to himself](https://youtu.be/POEW53573zQ?t=102) as a “system kicker.” [10 seconds later,](https://youtu.be/POEW53573zQ?t=110) he says “the ball could pretty much kick itself.” While obviously not true it does give us some insight.

Long Snapper Morgan Cox, Punter/Holder Sam Koch, and Tucker have formed a placekicking “battery” for over 8 years. Their entire operation from snap to kick has been called [“the most precise 1.3 seconds in sports.”](https://www.espn.com/blog/baltimore-ravens/post/_/id/51457/the-ravens-wolfpack-and-the-most-precise-1-3-seconds-in-nfl-history)

It’s difficult to overstate how important the snap/hold can be to a kicker. Quality punters [have been waived ](https://www.latimes.com/sports/chargers/la-sp-chargers-report-20181002-story.html)for their inability to hold well. 

Familiarity begets consistency which is the backbone of kicking. Not having to worry about snap timing or hold placement (or angle) is as close as a kicker gets to kicking off sticks.

Kickers can overcome bad holds (which can come from bad snaps) and make kicks, but overcoming bad holds consistently is virtually impossible. Just ask [Martin Gramatica](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPuhwAIzrYk)… or  [Blair Walsh](https://youtu.be/Mb_eXyhlHaA?t=35). 

Bonus Note: It is baffling that [only 5 NFL teams have a kicking coach.  ](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/news/how-a-jersey-town-mayor-became-the-ravens-kicking-expert)Tucker credits Ravens kicking coach Randy Brown for a lot of his success - saying he “would absolutely not be the football player that I am today"" without Brown. Having another set of eyes with deep knowledge of kicking can make all the difference when the difference between a good and [bad kick is fractions of an inch](https://us.humankinetics.com/blogs/excerpt/proper-contact-with-ball-is-important-for-the-kicker). 

Bonus note #2: It’s hilarious that the [kicking net at M&T Bank is much higher ](https://ibb.co/wrryWPg)than [other stadiums](https://ibb.co/FJC0MGr) \- presumably Tucker got such great height on field goals it rendered the standard ones useless.  

If you would like to watch this post in video form [here it is!](https://youtu.be/sC15ikCyIes) Some of the visual technique concepts are much better explained there (length only 3:06).

TLDR: Justin Tucker is the greatest kicker of all time. He displays kinesthetic genius by being consistent in a field goal technique designed for power; Mental strength through confidence and scoffing at pressure; and benefits from a kicking “Wolfpack” that is deeply familiar and impressively precise."
Cool write-up. Definitely learned a few things. Thanks for sharing.
"I was fully expecting a low-effort shit-post, but I am delightfully surprised to have learned something instead. Great content here, thanks."
"Its the Opera. We all know this.

Great write up. Did not know that the majority of the league doesn't have a kicking coach. Guess it falls on the ST Coordinator?"
You forgot the steady diet of RoFo chicken and coffee...
"OP, you could honestly submit this to a sports website and get it published. Such a well thought out and written article about the best kicker ever."
I think our kicker isn’t nearly as good as yours. I love Crosby though.
Delete this. We don't need other kickers taking note.
"This was fantastic. I really enjoyed it. I would like to ask... I noticed in the still pics, he’s extremely far leaning to the left compared to the gif vs the rams. I understand one is a still image but I think I can confidently say he never gets as far left in the gif.  My question is... would the more extreme he gets on his lean be due to a farther kick? Or are my eyes deceiving me?"
"Obviously as Ravens fans we recognize him as the GOAT but he doesn't always get the love from commentators who seem to forget he's still in the league. Since you've put together such a great analysis and breakdown of why he's the greatest I'd be curious to see if you think he would be elected to the Hall of Fame when he hangs the cleats up?

I feel like Ravens fans feel like he deserves to be there but wonder if the rest of the voters would feel that way"
[Me reading this](https://img.ifunny.co/images/9796a23b36a3f8a689068d07bffcc25a55ddcd516d53ca9e32049ec16b0b554e_1.jpg)
He a bug Tucc no lil Tucc
"Theres a reason every madden ill trade a 1st next year or a 2nd round pick to someone for him, half the league calls me dumb but then i beat people by booting 60-70 yard fgs all day with just a little wind"
He is 100% the best kicker ever and I don't think it's close
THE TUCK GOD
Love that you pulled out an article from 1995.
Imagine being kicked in the nuts by Tuck
"I don't think enough emphasis can be placed on the importance of the Wolfpack. Obviously, Tucker is a natural, but the consistency allowed by the longsnapper and holder is so crucial. I worry about the possibility of any of them retiring in the future. That will be a true test of Tucker's skill."
Justin Tucker is karmic retribution for Billy Cundiff.
"Having the kicking net so high at M&T might also be a psych-out for other kickers. It's basically saying ""JT can kick it this high. Can you?"" Would be interested to see the miss rate of opponent kickers in The Bank compared to their other away games."
Do Koch next! His punting methods (6 of them if I remember correctly) changed the punting game across the NFL
[deleted]
I'm not a Ravens fan but hot damn I've never been so erect while reading about a kicker.
One of my favorite Tuck games was the one in Detroit where “The Wolfpack” scored all 18 points including a 61 yard game winner.
"he's in the convo for sure, a hall of famer in my book, dude has made so many clutch kicks, I'd argue the game winning kick vs Denver in double OT in 2012 playoffs is the biggest kick in Ravens history"
"Thank you for your effort, awesome! tucker is the GOAT for sure"
"We don’t need reasons, he just is"
Tucker is the GOAT
"I would absolutely love a similar article done on Koch, he is even more underrated than Tucker and never gets the recognition spotlight for some of the insanity he does"
"Nice read.  Until I read a name that was not censored and was upset.

Edit:  JK Dobbins it was a good read anyway"
[deleted]
"From Jeff Z’s athletic article (I highly recommend the athletic for Jeff’s coverage of the ravens alone) 

“Burrow and Ravens rookie middle linebacker Patrick Queen acknowledged during their media availability that things got heated between the two at times while they were at LSU. Tigers coach Ed Orgeron provided an explanation last month in an interview with the NFL Network. He told a story about how Queen made a questionable hit in practice, prompting Burrow to take a swing at the linebacker. “Him and Patrick Queen got after it,” Orgeron said. “I had to stop the fight.” Queen said that he and Burrow are close friends and these were just heat-of-the moment-type things, but it sounds like the relationship between the two could be a fun dynamic to watch, not just Sunday but for years to come.”"
Unleash the Queen.
If Burrow is motivated to target Queen in coverage as revenge that could be bad news for the Ravens. He's a Peanut-level liability in the passing game.
""
Did 2 and Lost
I say anything above 11 wins is fine with me and i think can be seen as a sucesss
"10 usually gets you into the playoffs, so I'd say 10 wins is considered good"
"I’m happy with 11 or higher this year, but what I require is at least one playoff win."
"This year I want 12-13, normally 10-11."
"This is such a bandwagon question. You take what you get to get to the playoffs. Last year showed us you can go a near perfect season and it means nothing If you go out first round. 

This team is certainly a 10 win team. Anything more would be impressive tbh."
10 I would say is good but for this team I expect at least 12
15.... obviously
I'm satisfied with whatever record wins us the division. A first round bye is the cherry on top but probably unlikely since Chiefs have the head to head win over us.
"Double digits is respectable, but with seven teams in the playoffs there will probably be at least one 9-7 team in the postseason every year"
"In my mind, 10 is always the threshold for a successful season; it means you went to the playoffs (99% of the time) and the double digit thing makes it a nice benchmark. 

This year, I think the team has major potential so I'd really like to see 11 or 12 wins. 

But as others have said, it doesn't really matter as long as we make the playoffs - that's where I really want to see results"
12 would be a good year without asking much imo
Normally 10 but this year I want 12/13
at least 11 with this team
"For us this year? Probably 12+ wins

For most teams? 10+ wins"
"For me this changes every season. All things being normal and with our weak strength of schedule I would expect 12 or more wins. This season however is not normal, Covid restrictions and less off season practice has resulted in higher than average injuries, coupled with the fact we could be 1 outbreak away from shutting down as a team or even as a league. We could be looking at a 10 game season if ish hits the fan. Just make the tournament. I expect this team to win the division and I don't care how. All I want is to rematch KC in the playoffs and have Tucker kick the game winner."
"For this year, 12 would be cool. Would be disappointed with less than 11, would be pleasantly surprised to extremely happy if we get 13 or more.

I really just want us to find success in January under Lamar though."
13-15 wins will satisfy me.
"10 good  
11 very good  
12 great  
13 excellent  
14 amazing  
15 super amazing  
16 perfection"
16
[deleted]
The guy who made the write up already posted it here himself. It’s the top post
[removed]
""
No lie that face is scary
Weird as fuck.
""
[Pumpkin King](https://postimg.cc/YvMjt9M8/9c07dfdf)
[Here](https://images.alphacoders.com/279/thumb-1920-279621.png)
"
[Biden](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/news/pres-obama-to-joe-flacco-you-re-elite-10280236)

[Trump](https://www.nbcsports.com/washington/balitmore-ravens/well-its-settled-donald-trump-answers-if-joe-flacco-elite)

Huge news for the movement in very glad that the public knows where our future leaders stand on this hot button issue"
Uhhh Biden wasn’t even quoted in that article you linked
The great unifier.
"This needs to be a question at the next presidential debate. “Sir, is Flacco elite, please answer clearly for the American people”"
Finally
damn not sure who to vote for now
"Wtf, I suddenly love Obama and Trump."
Nice to see them both get off the fence about this.
Biden never said that.
It's about damn time
This election just got interesting 🧐
"Ah! This was my pivot issue.

Now I don't know who to vote for."
"Fake news, Biden did not say that"
I hope he plays well but after that KC game last year I can’t see him ever playing well in the league again
"Hmm they think the Jets QB is elite, cool"
I hate to say this as a ravens fan but...who cares?
Clearly he's been injured most of the season since he's around other former Ravens.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j8vg04)"
I said yes assuming that just means we win
You guys are underestimating us a little bit :(
"I said yes, but have it ending closer to 420-69"
33-23 us and we’re pissed
The Bengals are not THAT bad. It’ll be a 14-17 point differential most likely.
69-69 tie
""
The ravens' schedule was much tougher last yr.
[Noted](https://cf-images.eu-west-1.prod.boltdns.net/v1/jit/2540076170001/d74157bb-5e3b-4544-8904-1fac7b008162/main/1280x720/16s512ms/match/image.jpg)
I hope Lamar read that and says “and I took that personally”
Whats tough about our schedule other than the Patriots and our own division??
"Bleacher report likes eating crow. So, let's serve them crow in February."
I saw that. I guess that’s why they play the games!
It’s only 4 games so far and don’t wanna be cocky but who else stands out way but the chiefs?
[deleted]
"Obviously disappointed. He’s engineered an incredibly creative run game and has helped lamar tremendously in his development. That being said, we can find a replacement. James Urban our QB coach is well liked and said to be a guru. Having been an understudy to Roman May have picked up a trick or too idk"
We'll adapt with Culley as OC and Urban as Asst. HC
""
Damn I can’t keep up with all of these injuries. Didn’t even know Hollywood was hurt.
""
"Every week this season, I will be doing a crappy photoshop for our matchup.  Here are the past week's submissions.

Week 1: [Don Lamar](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/irwb9l/oc_now_you_come_to_me_on_this_opening_day_and_you/)

Week 2: [The Texans Chainsaw Massacre](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/iwbbvu/week_2_matchup_photoshop_the_texans_chainsaw/)

Week 3: [Over the Top](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j1a0yh/week_3_matchup_photoshop_this_year_harbaugh_takes/)

Week 4: [He Got Game](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j4y37u/week_4_matchup_photoshop_he_got_game/)"
""
Bengals fan here. Good luck to you guys! Just hoping it’ll be an exciting game. Usually is with these two!
I guess if you didn't comment in here you fucked up lol
Haha someone gold bombed this thread lol
Who’s gold loaded?
I'M AWAKE!!!!! POUNDED SOME STRAIGHT UP BLACK COFFEE IN MY RAVENS MUG AND I SAW A GLIMPSE OF THE FUTURE!!! LAMAR THROWS FOR FIVE TDs!!!
I thought my phone was glitching seeing all those golds
time to make Burrow look like a rookie
"Pumped for today but would be very foolish for us to look past this opponent. The Bengals are a rebuilding team but Burrow is dangerous and I figure we might have trouble with Mixon on those screen passes and covering a big-bodied WR like Higgins. They do have a lot of talent, and Geno Atkins makes his season debut today."
IT'S 2 AM IN THE MORNING FOR ME BUT FUCK IT I'M HYPED
"Send joe burrow back to middle school


-a Steelers fan"
Leggoooo
BIG TRUSS
A little worried about burrow today but let's get it
Lamar's gonna go off today
A little over 30 mins til kickoff and it's half past midnight where im at......man im in for a long night! Gonna grab my coffee later so i can watch the whole game hopefully
Llama time
I love goooollllllldddddd
Let’s gooooo!!! I love me a good ol rain game!!!
"Is going to be a fun one, let’s go ravens!!!"
ROCK.HARD
Boudda drop a W on em LETS GOOOOOO!!
""
""
I’m pretty sure Fat Dak could play O-line better than his actual line.
You just know Mayfield is going to be fat later in his career.
Lamar looks like he'd fit right into my friend group
"Quality shitpost, keep 'em coming"
Personal experience tells me once you finish playing a sport it’s easy to continue eating the same way.
1 of these hasn’t been changed at all
Why does fat Mahomes look like the “wat” lady?
I love how Ben’s picture is just regular.
Fat Rodgers = average Wisconsin citizen
Fat Prescott
Steelers fan coming in peace. This was legitimately very funny. Quality post
Dak looks like pretty much every DT ever.
They went from football players to baseball players
Fat lamar looks like he can make the  hell out of some ribs
I DMd Lamar the picture of fat Lamar. He did not respond.
Lol funny how they had to make Ben’s face skinnier to look more in line with the fat QBs.
Funny how Ben's is the only one unedited. Oh.... thats the joke isnt it?
Fat Dak looks like Daniel Cormier in the face
Well Ben r/Steelers is a fat ass now so.....
Mahomes looking like he went on a cheese burger binge with Andy Reid.
Fatrick Mahomes looks like someone I would want to hang out with.
Hilarious
"don't forget ""rapist"""
Pretty sure Rodgers and Ben are close to being at that point
I would love to see a fat Lamar Jackson running at the same speed and agility as regular Lamar Jackson. That would be amazing.
Dak looking like a 1st round interior pass rusher
Fat Dak looks like he’d fuck you up. Fat Russell Wilson looks like my uncle Scott
Why does BR look the same🤔
"Fat Lamar is Clarence BEEFTANK.

https://www.sbnation.com/nfl/2013/9/5/4691010/breaking-madden-clarence-beeftank-jaguars"
So nobody going to talk about how Big Ben looks the same
Lo f'n L on big ben. That's his actual picture. Lol
[deleted]
LOL 😂.
"Could also be titled. OK dear, point to the man who raped you."
Like suiting up for battle. So that I can scream at my TV. I can only imagine what putting that jersey on feels like for them. Let’s go beat the bengals today. Big Truss.
All the best today. I hope you guys get to 4-1.
It's a ritual. Same socks same pants same lamar jersey every game. Same thing for the little dude
Hell yeah coach
"Yess! I absolutely love it. Although, I need a new one. Still wearing a Flacco that I’ve had for years.  Would love to get a Lamar jersey one of these days 💜"
My Lamar jersey came in the mail this week. My first one
We have a bye week then we play the Bucs in Tampa next week.
"Literally the same. Put on the game, the didn’t realize I had on my jersey and rushed to go put it on before the kickoff"
Wearin my Tucker jersey right now man
""
That's pretty damn funny right there.
And I hear he's a great locker room guy. His attitude is so infectious
[deleted]
"Tiger King was a really bad show, but this is a really great meme!!!!!

Go Lamar!"
""
"It’s an interesting perspective, and I agree that it contextualizes our pass rush failures as partly due to Martindale’s schemes, not completely shouldered by Judon. Still doesn’t answer why he makes EDGE money if he’s not that, or whether Judon’s versatility is worth a less effective blitz-based pressure scheme that sacrifices pieces in coverage, or why, even, when Judon does get his hands on a QB he can’t take them down. I’m all for using each player for their actual strengths—not what we wish they had, but we just have to ask what is the outcome for the team?"
It doesn’t agree with my narrative
"QB hits are a bullshit stat.

This article didn't make note of the amount of plays we send 5+ rushers Judon gets most his sacks and hits on.

He isn't good, numbers speak. He's an OLB by $ so he should play like one"
""
"Big watch fan AND big ravens fan, happened to stumble across this 1997 Ravens watch from the Fossil NFL collection that some random lad in Tennessee was selling (Covid-free thank god) and I’m loving repping it on game days so far!"
That’s super sharp!
That’s bad ass!
This is super clean!
...
"Y'know, I was doubtful when the Ravens gave up on Lamar Jackson so soon, but this Murray guy is at least pretty decent."
"Lamar isn't the most refined passer, we know this, but these are reps he's gonna need. This is how he'll develop. The talent is there. Timing, chemistry, and precision will come with reps and chances. Calm down."
How about Queen absolutely closing that hole
How atrocious is the bengals o-line that our defense is getting consistent pressure on burrow?
Wink masterclass today while Roman is eating crayons
This season should further solidify Yanda's HOF resume. Night and Day.
This sub is being way too buddy buddy with Burrow. He's an AFCN rival qb now. Fuck this guy on a molecular level!
QUIT CALLING HIM MURRAY
#LAMAR MURRAY FOR MVP
"Nobody:

CBS: MURRAY"
"It really looks like they told Lamar not to run this game because of the knee, he's ignoring running lanes he usually takes"
Duvernay should be taking Boykin's routes
"5th interceptable pass to cincy. 3rd right to a defender.

This is lamar's worst game of his career."
"Marlon:  Pay me

Team: Okay, but we expect you to play up to it

Marlon:  GRIP IT AND RIP IT

Team: Big Truss"
"The Football: *exists*

Marlon: 😈"
LETS GO RAIDERS AND EAGLES
"Queen made that play happen with his pursuit, otherwise Burrow would have ran for the first."
Them saying Murray is really pissing me off
"the extreme disrespect by this announcer calling the MVP another player's name, it's unreal"
"""fast black QB?"" guess that's Kyler Murray"
"Marlon Humphrey has cemented himself as the best corner in the game. 3 FFs, 1 INT, top 5 in pass defenses, hasn’t given up a td this year. Stud."
I only hope the Ravens know they have a large talent gap with the Bengals and are using this game to work on things. Only way I can wrap my head around the play calling.
"Dawg we are BULLYING Burrow. 

This is AFC north football baby!"
He just said “Lamar Jackson”. Someone must have called into the booth
"Torrey tweeted ""If you want to see what abuse looks like go and watch the Ravens defense today. Poor Burrow."" earlier 😂"
There must be a lot of fans who weren’t here for the Flacco days.
"With these statlines, should Queen be in the discussion for DROY?"
"""Pass is complete"" jeez what's wrong with this guy lmao"
This is one of the worst commentated games Ive ever heard
It should be a sin that we’re not using JK and Dev more
"Love when a player gets paid, and actually performs to that level. Feels so good to see"
">Humphrey has 3 forced fumbles this year and Ravens have returned two of them for a TD. Dating back to start of last year, Humphrey has 4 INTs, 5 forced fumbles, 3 fumble recoveries and 2 defensive TDs. - @jeffzrebiec"
CBS with a shot of Queen's balls
Are the raiders really about to beat the chiefs?
Murray Count: 3
Joe Burrow looks like Macaulay Culkin. 😂
"Hey Burrow, welcome to the AFC North kid."
"Rich how is it a bad decision. We went 14-2 doing this shit and could've put the dagger in them. What an old school mentality. We have dominated them on defense and could've put the dagger in them, there is no better time to go for it. 

We won the play too, Lamar just missed"
EVERY PLAY Burrow is getting hit. Jesus.
This is definitely a welcome to the NFL moment for burrow. He’s looking like Watson running got his life
"Meanwhile down in DC, Alex Smith is taking the field for the first time since that injury."
"guys, how glad are we that we only franchised Judon and didn’t give him the big extension? really good decision by EDC, IMO."
This game legit should be like 70-0
I don't think I've ever wanted to stop watching a game we're winning so much
"If the Eagles pill this one off, I won't make fun of Carson Wentz's play for the whole week"
Some revisionist history going on in this thread about last year as if we didn’t barely beat the Bengals at home last year
Bengals are down 27-0 and running more then us LOL
This is the least blowout feeling blowout in a while
How many times is he gonna call him Murray what the fuck
#LAMAR JACKSON COUNT: 1
"Murray -> MAndrews, name a better duo."
Murray throws a TD pass to Mark Andrews all the way from Arizona!
Queen taking this rival personally. He's been flying at 100mph all game
Lamar’s homie just died cut him some slack.
You know our kicker is the GOAT when I was disappointed with him missing a 61 yarder so badly at the Bank 🤣
I am very sad he didn't hit that
Looking at these comments you’d think the score was reversed
Boykin is SO bad. Didn't even try for it. Cuts his routes early.
"Lamar's worst ever game in a Ravens shirt. Would rather have it now than against a good team when it matters, though"
MARLO DPOY
Marlon Humphrey worth every single penny
DPOY MARLON HUMPHREY LETS GET IT TRENDING
Marlon is underpaid
I just want to say I am very happy that Harbaugh finally listened to me and decided to have Tucker kick it out of the end zone every time.
"Go Eagles, Go Raiders...Go Flacco lol"
pittsburgh giving up 29 to a team that tied with cincinnati lmfao
Dobbins has just one carry (34 yards!). Why dont' they give him a practice reps in a game like this.
[deleted]
"Can we start utilizing Hollywood on slants, cross routes etc"
"I know we’re winning, but this offense hurts my eyes"
Unpopular opinion: I am enjoying that we are winning and are not like the 2015 Ravens
Lamar missed two practices this week with a knee issue. It's very possible they told Lamar to stay in the pocket and play this out differently this week. It is the Bengals after all... Why risk it and have him go crazy on a team when he doesn't need to.
Apologizing for the Murray thing lol
"Lamar Jackson stats right now:

0 incompletions 

0 ints

0 sacks

0 fumbles

🐐"
He keeps calling him Murray. wtf
"Am I on drugs or has the commentator called Lamar ""Murray"" at least twice?"
"It was to our benefit, but that call was lame."
This team just doesn’t fuck around against bad teams
"‘Terrible decision to go for it on 4th and 6, should have just punted and trusted their defense!’  
Bitch, they did trust the D - that’s why they could go for it on 4th and 6."
Morgan “Ray Lewis” Cox
I miss Yanda
Bowser is looking way better than Judon this season
We won't win the superbowl with the 31st passing offense plain and simple
"Part of what made us successful last year was effectively running the ball which forced the defense to sell out to stop the run, allowing lamar more open looks, by not establishing the run the defense is just playing pass d all game"
Idk how anyone can watch this offense the entire season so far and be confident....it’s not just today
and we get stuffed on a 3rd and two. So much for the run game
This offense sucks today. Absolutely disgraceful. They need to buy the dinner fucking expensive dinners next week.
"If we were playing any other team, Im pretty sure we’d be losing. This is such an overwhelmingly shitty performance on offense."
Marlon should be in consideration for DPOY. He’s an absolute turnover machine.
"Friendship ended with offence, defence is my new friend"
DPOTY and its not even close u fuckin momos
Marlon Humphrey could punch the depression out me
I want this damn shutout
Is Gumbel drunk or just not even watching the game?
I know we all on Roman right now but I really believe Yanda was the glue keeping the offense together...
Take a shot every time the announcer calls Lamar “Murray”
"As good as Andrews looks...we *need* to get Lamar another certified passing threat. Other, better teams will key in on him and make Lamar uncomfortable throwing to his other options."
How is our long snapper the first one to the ball lol
This is gonna be the year that solidifies Marshal Yanda  as a FIRST BALLOT HOF. lol
Lamar's knee clearly isn't 100%
Honestly Dobbins should be starting. Ingram doesn't look as good this year and Edwards is decent but not better than either of the above two.
This defense is going to mask how poor the offensive playcalling has been
Burrow has aged 30 years in the last 2 hours
Was that another shitty route by Boykin?
"All the running success on that drive, and you pass on 3rd and three. Lmao"
Imagine how scary good this defense would be if you could magically replace Judon with an in-his-prime Sizzle?
Does Marlo have the same amount of sacks as Judon? Lol
"Everyone is so concerned about this offense and we are 4-1.   I'll be concerned in December if we look like this, but this is the fifth game of the year with no pre-season. Boykin is a bust and Snead is...Snead. I hope Duvernay comes along, but  until then we only have 2 real recieving threats.

Boykin gave up on that route that everyone is killing Lamar for."
Holy shit this offense is literally making me nauseous
This is classic Ravens football now. Offense not doing shit but somehow blowing the opponent out because of defense.
The offense better be buying the defense an expensive ass dinner after this game
Marlon Humphrey for DPOY.
Andddd *that's* why you pay the man.
"Marlon and Queen are the future, were in good hands raven fans"
"""Football is important to him.""

What kind of stupid cliched bullshit commentary is that"
"Philly is giving Pittsburgh a game right now, kinda like every game in the NFL is not a sure-fire win and it’s a little bit harder to consistently blow out bad teams than this team makes it look 🐸☕️"
"Raiders up 30-24 against the chiefs, steelers only up 2 against the eagles!"
Calais is a spectacular signing.
"Terrible spot, I dont think he made it to the line of scrimmage."
Bengals running the clock out so they can GTFO and go home.
Lol seriously a fg so you don’t get shutout??? Pussies
Like bunting in the 9th to break up a no-hitter
"We all calling Lamar Murray from here on out, right?"
Great extra point by Justin Murray
Lamar Murray throws complete to Mark Kittle inside the 5
I feel a little bit of empathy for Burrow.  If it were Baker of Ben I would feel nothing.
Not even mad at judon anymore Queen just took out his boy LMAOOO
That’s just greed by Harbaugh. There’s no reason to go for a 4th and 6 up 17 when you can just pin them back and probably end up with the same field position a few minutes later.
Joe is getting murdered.
There's literally a defender every time Lamar leaves the pocket lol. That's why we don't run the ball as much. Last year that's an easy 6-8 yards. This year it's a loss or throwaway.
"Wtf is with the right side of our line this season, feels like every single drive there’s a free rusher coming from the right"
It really speaks to how bad the Bengals are that it's 17-0 with how bad Lamar and the playcalling have been.
Announcer just said pass is complete? This dude is really bad lol
"It's ok Tuck, that's 61 yards"
Madubuike looked excellent.
Boykin was literally run blocking wtf was that
Lamar Jesus my dude
Something is off with Lamar. I’ve never seen this tier of play from Lamar . Where is the elite pocket awareness and elite decision making from last year???
Patrick Queen is now the LSU alum with the most touchdowns in this game
I really hope we're able to get Humphrey a ring.
Marlon Fucking Humphrey man. Nobody is more deserving of the bag than this guy.
FRUIT MOTHERFUCKIJHR PUNCH I swear that man forces a fumble every other game
"Man, Marlon is insane. How this man isn't front runner for DPOY I don't understand"
I love Patrick Queen! The man is everywhere!
Why tf has lamar thrown 37 times in a game we’ve been up since Q1
Marlon might be best play making corner we have ever had.
Wait until the new fans who are upset with this game realize that this was basically every Ravens game back in the day with the offense not doing anything but the defense blowing out every opponent.
LETS GO PHILLY!!!!!
Yo philly com on cuz you got this
Humphrey's right hook is underrated!
Did calais just tackle two guys at once?
Steelers blowing the game
Can we get a meme for Marlo using the super punch out picture lol
"Patrick Queen Defensive ROTY

Marlon Humphrey DPOTY

Let’s start the campaigning!"
"Sad Mahomes. 😭😭 And the announcers can't do their usual brainless slobbering.

Inject this shit straight into my veins."
"Haha get fucked KC

Sidenote: it's still scary af that they managed to put up 32 points *in a loss.*"
Unpopular Opinion: I’m so glad the ravens are using these games against lesser opponents to better their passing game. We know they can run all over teams but we need this passing in the playoffs
"Bro these newscasters get paid so much money for this job. They should know the rosters of both teams top to bottom, it's literally their job. Not being able to get the name of the fucking quarterback right is annoying. Fire these fools."
Duvernay burned his man there
"He was gonna run for that 1st, but Queen started booking it"
Queen has been amazing for us already dudes going to be a raven for life
"Stop calling Lamar ""Murray"" please holy fuck"
"Lamar frustrated, good"
Murray Counter: 7
"Balmer, Murrayland"
Queen is our new defensive king
"You guys are getting pissed at the pass play callings, but most of them aren't that bad if Lamar actually makes the throw..."
I feel bad for Burrow honestly lmao
3rd and 24 against the Bengals used to be a scoring play for them lol
Burrow deserves better lol. This is sad
"Gray, rainy day, no fans, Lamar is off, and no energy.

No offense to the Bengals or Burrow but against a lot of other teams we'd be worse off than up 17-0."
I want a fucking touchdown on this drive.
I WANTED THAT SOOOOOOO BAD
He had the distance right? Only a bit off...
He actually just caught himself saying Murray
Hollywood finally got some YAC
Hollywood is half the size of everyone on the field yall want him to get injured? Lmao
[deleted]
It should be like 35-0
That fumble was too slippery. MP put too much 🧃 on it
"Peters with the Create A Player Madden stats... an interception, a sack and a forced fumble. 😂"
Boykin is terrible what is this stupid announcer talking about “you got to give the receiver a chance”
How weird is it that Flacco and le'veon bell are on the same offense
"Instead of only focusing on the bad, there's a ton of good things to take away from this game.

Queen is clearly amazing, McPhee is winning 1v1s, Bowser and Ferguson look great, Wink's blitz schemes look a lot more creative."
Great seeing Madibuike out there. His draft video was so sincere and sweet
Tf is Lamar doing? He’s lucky he hasn’t thrown like 4 picks today because Bungles are just dropping them all
Offense has regressed so much
LMAO FUCKING HUMPHREY DID IT AGAIN
"Winning a game 27-0 despite lamar playing the worst game of his career.

This team is wild. Humphrey is lethal. Queen is fast as hell."
Marlon doing this every week actually feels unfair. How
My Queen jersey comes in next week
We have DPOY and DROY
DROY QUEEN DPOY HUMPHREY
"Yeeeesh Hump, its like he gets at least one of these every game!"
DPOTY
"Marlo is so fuckin good yo, it's unreal. Queen is a playmaker too. Once we get a good dline we're stepping into 2000 territory"
#FruitPUNCH
"Marlon ""Fucking"" Humphrey!"
The Chad defense vs the The virgin offense.
Wow marlon Humphrey deserves more money! QUEEn!!
"M A R L O N              H U M P H R E Y

Can we give this man more money?"
"Defense really saving our shit today, some classic Ravens football to educate the bandwagons"
Marlon Humphrey is the only Ste*a*ler I root for!
You got this Eagles!!!
Looks like the Bengals just want to go home. Can't wait to see Lamar attempt 7 more passes
>Marlon Humphrey needs to be in DPOY talks. Patrick Queen needs to be in DROY talks- like as soon as possible - @_tonyjefferson
False fucking start you hear chuck
Y'all got any more of them turnovers?
That's a bad spot tho for real he was like a yard short
"Although Lamar has looked bad today, a ton of QBs this season seem... off. The injury and short offseason probably isn't helping."
We are spoiled. We are going to win 27-3 and I feel like our offense was hot garbage today (and almost all of the season so far).
Please Eagles don’t choke
Raiders killing the Chiefs right now in front of their fans and I am HERE for it.
god i hate announcers during chiefs games
#MORE DUVERNAY PLEASE
Why tf do we always switch to passing bruh just keep running it
Duvernay was open
"Good grief guys, get your tackling down."
Bruh watching Patrick Queen turn on the burners and bee line for Burrow had me hyped. Can’t wait to see what he accomplishes
Queen's speed came in huge there. If that's one of our slow LB's from last year Burrow runs for a first.
The announcer has called Lamar Murray twice now
WHO THE EFF IS MURRAY ITS LAMAR YOU IDIOTS!!
HOW DOES HE KEEP CALLING HIM MURRAY HES THE FUCKING MVP
Someone tell him the Ravens qb is Lamar Jackson and not orioles great Eddie Murray
"Murray count: 6. 

This a joke at this point"
"I needed to change my flair, might as well make it something stupid at this point."
Our offense is getting it done but it still looks off.
Murray must Murray his Murray Murray for Murray to Murray his Murray.
Our first round pick from LSU > their first round pick from LSU
"Queen absolutely rocked Burrow’s shit, my god"
"Ugh, Queen is already a game changer without a regular preseason as a 21 year old. He gonna be a stud"
And now a Flacco special. 3yrd pass on 3rd and 8
Lamar playing so sloppy
Bengals O-line making our pass rush look god-tier
I want to see some more duvernay action
Burrow's 300 yard streak is way more impressive after getting a first hand look at the Bengals offensive line. So so bad
Greg roman going back to the prohibition era wit these bootlegs man
"This is a solid football team but the energy just isn't the same as last year. Not nearly as fun to watch. More bad decisions. Whats different? I wonder if its just the weirdness of the world right now with covid, empty stadiums, etc etc"
I wish Yanda played just 1 more year since this is the year we have a great shot at winning the whole thing and we really need him. I’m glad he seems to be enjoying life more now though.
This is bad film for when we play actual teams. Just give Lamar a littler pressure and we have some real head scratchers. You get the feeling they are artificially telling him to stay in the pocket and become something he’s not.
"Where is the Lamar from week 1? Regardless of the team, he was hitting receivers and makin perfect reads

This is really bad :("
61 yarder at the Bank with storm clouds rolling in...and we all almost expected him to make it anyways 😂🐐
"Most kickers don't even try that kick. Still love you, JT"
#STILL THE BEST KICKER IN THE NFL
How about our defense though guys? Its not like Burrow has been trash up to this point...
This halftime highlight show is being really generous to Lamar
Lamar is definitely not 100 %
lamar could have 3-4 interceptions this game. i have no idea what's going on with him
Roman lost his run playcall sheet
Man Elliot looks way more explosive on those FS blitzes than Earl did last year
Burrow might legit die this season at this rate he’s getting hit by teams
That was definitely not a hold
Greg just called Lamar “Patrick” after calling him “Murray” a dozen times. This is a problem.
Please fucking fire these trash ass low rate announcers
It really seems like once we went up 17-0  they said let's just use this as a scrimmage and try some of that passing stuff Mahomes does
Tucker really flirting with those goal posts 🤔
Miles needs to just sit out for a week and just run routes for two weeks straight until he gets them into his head
"This is just embarrassing. Hats off to our defense. Our offense is obviously good enough to beat the Bengals. But this performance is good for 6 points against the Steelers. 

The Raiders hung 24 on KC in the first half."
Umm false start?
We are literally blowing out a team right now and I still feel worse about the Ravens.
I am confident marlon Humphrey could get more sacks in a season than Judon
Guys it’s okay to say Lamar has not looked good today or even the past couple weeks
"Up 20-0, first down, pass. Fuck off Roman"
Greg Roman needs to lay off the drugs it’s starting to show
Marlo is DPOY
And people still don’t think Marlo is a top three CB in the league? He’s top 2 and he’s not 2
Hump for DPOY
Marlon is worth every penny.
Humphrey for DPOY? If he keeps this up.
Marlon with the reach-around ball extraction
"Bengals options since mid 3rd

1: run and basically FF

2: pass and basically kill Burrow"
Apology accepted
"""yeah that's not gonna save me""

Good on him for owning it."
I want a SHUTOUT so bad...ughh
"Anyone else here that actually enjoys when we’re up a ton and our opponents have long 4th quarter drives, because it means less opportunities for offensive injuries?"
Petition to rename this team the Cincinnati Mixons. Sign here with you doot.
Thank goodness offense didn’t need to show up 😅 need to right the ship soon though
Zac Taylor is a coward lmfao
FG of shame
Lmao this is soooo weak from Cincy. Just run it a few times and kick a FG. Taylor is a beta male.
"QB: *knee injury, missed practices*
Y’all: WTF IS HE DOING WHY IS HE SO BAD

please chill"
"> Pathetic, just absolutely pathetic. With this kind of defensive domination and our run game once again flourishing when given the chance, we should be leading this 50-0. 17-0 is just pathetic at this point.

We have some fucking unhinged fans lmaooo some of y'all need help"
"For people criticizing roman on that 3rd down...

Roman called a run. Lamar checked into a pass. Boykin didn't know lamar checked into a pass which is why he went out to run block.

Miscommunication.

Don't listen to the commentator. He doesn't even know the name of the NFL's MVP."
If only greg roman could show similar creativity with passing plays
"Lamar had a guy crossing wide open, would been an easy first."
"Lamar can be as frustrated as he wants with the offense, but if he can't see wide open WRs, he needs to start taking more responsibility."
Jesus Christ that needs to be a sack
Patrick Queen almost got him
Burrow wanted to run but Queen had him cut off easily
These are announcers are so boring God pls kill me
Will this announcer please learn the reigning unanimous MVPs name? Holy shit
Lamar does not look too happy right now
Murray Count: 5
cardinals legend Lamar Murray
"Murray hands off to Murray, slips a tackle from murray, and makes it down to the 4-Murray line."
First touchdown of the Lamar Murray era.
Lamar Mandrews is literally our only offense so far this season. No wonder we got blown out vs the Chiefs when Mandrews had the worst game of his career.
Refs trying to figure out how Murray snuck in.
Mark Andrews is our offense
Just ordered my Murray “groundhog” Jackson jersey
Let’s get Marquise Hill his first TD of the year
We gotta feed Mark Kamara more
The demise of Lamar Jackson has been greatly exaggerated.
The Ravens sure look good for a team so many are unhappy with.
Another missed sack. It’s ridiculous
"Burrows jersey is filthy
.🤣🤣😉"
Oh look judon offsides
Who else is in the DROY conversation this year? Queen is definitely near the top
This is Burrows welcome to the NFL game unfortunately for him. I can't tell if he's playing bad or his line is just worse than swiss cheese. Probably a bit of both
Queen literally made no attempt to tackle Burrow and just tried to kill him....but they're really close.
Greg Roman pumped for that false start so he can change from a run to a pass
Ball was tipped yall calm down
WHY? WHY DOES GREG CALL 3RD DOWN THROWS TO A PLAYER NOT AT THE LINE TO GAIN? FUCKING HORRIBLE
"Gross. i feel like the play was there though, LJ and Andrews just didn't execute. Probably on Lamar."
Bad throw. Love the 4th decision. Fuck the commentators. 17-0 with a defence playing well is the PERFECT time to go for it.
This D is angry today I love it
If only every team we played had the Bengals' Oline
McPhee > Judon
So just fuck JK huh?
Could this be Bowser's coming out party?
This pressure is giving me a boner
Gotta love The Wire intro going into commercial
Wow Alex Smith is in the game for Washington!
It feels like we should be up by 40
Dobbins needs more touches
"It's ok, Tucker.  We still love you!"
I’ve never seen so many complaints about a 17-point halftime lead
Derek Carr with 235 Yards & 3 TDs on the Chiefs.  We couldn't even get 100 passing yards.
"Last years offense was historic. I figured they’d be a drop off, but does Roman expect every run to go 10+ yards everytime???? Like these 3-4 yard gains are decent and we should continue chipping away with them. The play calling has been so unbalanced"
I really don't think Lamar is playing **that** bad. Making it seem like he's the Danny Green of NFL lol.
DID THE ANNOUNCER JUST SAY LEBRON JACKSON????
Lamar's not running because of his knee. I think he was told NOT to risk it today
Shouldn't we just be pounding and grounding with a 17-0 lead???
Why DO you keep on saying murray??
HE'S BECOMING SELF AWARE HE'S LEARNING
[here’s a tweet of a compilation of the “Murray’s” from the first half](https://twitter.com/mukiangelo/status/1315353185838534657?s=21)
Snead stopped running.
Man I'm so disappointed in #8 today.
Why the fuck do we keep doing a fake handoff on the opposite side of the rb?
This offense is dead
Our receivers just don't have it..
so good at ball extraction...whoa
Defense came to play. LJ just looks off. I wonder if he’s hurting more than they’re saying.
Lmao that fumble reminded me of [this amazing play](https://youtu.be/QEEDwRrHujs)
Boykin just giving up mid route.
Boykin not even trying smh
"At least flacco scored, we can be happy about that"
"Like, take Boykin out and give Duvernay reps. Seriously. Run more with Dobbins, I dunno what the fuck we think we’re doing. Such an ugly fucking game. This game should be beyond reach right now."
Judon's got more flags than a US embassy. Jfc.
Marlon is on track to be our best corner ever.
Marlon's first sack!!!!!!!!
Their O line is just there for show at this point
Somebody post the meme of Squidward looking out the window but it's Judon looking at literally the entire rest of the defense getting sacks on Burrow
Fire Roman. I'm done.
What are these throws? 😐
"Lamar looks like shit throwing since the Chiefs game

dude needs to get it together"
Lol at people calling out Roman for Lamar making horrible throws
Wow Lamar wtf. His stat line looks ok but not passing the eye test today
ugh Lamar is lucky not to have 3 picks this game :(
Feel like I’m watching a 2006 game. All good though they’ll rebound
Yeah the offense is completely hapless right now what is happening
Offense looks like ass today
Defense basically running the show on this one.
"Defense looks amazing, offense looks atrocious. Good old Ravens football"
MARLO WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DRINKING I WANT SOME
Marlon getting FFs all the time.
How does Marlon do it!?
We were due for a defensive TD
Our defense has been insane today omg. Marlon Humphrey! What is that 3 games in a row with a forced fumble?
I fucking love Marlon Humphrey
Queen and Humphrey a problem
"Defense came to play. Marlo is amazing, I'm getting a jersey"
Marlon DPOY
"Lamar looks...off?

So do you think the Ravens are downplaying Lamar’s knee injury? I haven’t seen hardly any designed runs for him this game and a lot of his throws are sailing on him. I think his knee is more hurt than they’re letting on and it’s showing. Thoughts?"
Soon 1 hours of Humphrey punching the ball out
"Didn't even know Jimmy Smith was playing today, that's how quiet their offense has been."
"lol who was that yelling ""thats a false fucking start""?"
"I’m so baffled by Roman’s play calling.  After last year, I considered him one of the top O coordinators in the league, but he’s completely lost it.  I know we’re probably seeing different looks this year, but he’s gotten so far away from the run it’s disgusting to watch.  Seems like he keeps trying to surprise teams by passing on 1st and 2nd down.  I feel like establishing the run is so important for our offense, because it also opens up the play action.  I honestly feel like they could give me the playbook and I could call a better game.  Roman NEEDS to be better if  we expect to contend this year"
Really be out here hoping we can keep the shutout..
Was kinda hoping we’d shut them out :(
Kinda salty about that
BOOOOOOOO!!! Have you no shame? Fg settling for no good jungle cats
Did Bengals really just kick a FG to say they didn’t get shutout. LMAO what a cop out.
Chiefs about to go 4-1
Amazing how pedestrian Mahomes looks when his receivers aren't wide open.
"The teams the Steelers have beaten have a total of 3 wins. Those 3 wins came against the Jets, the Jaguars and a Garopollo-less 49ers. Their record does not reflect their ability, they have a lot to prove still"
"If we were playing a playoff team like this, we’d be getting embarrassed. I don’t care that we are winning 20-0, this win doesn’t make me happy."
Lamar was god awful today
Holy fuck a new play. Buy your lotto tickets
Throwing the ball when we had a 30 yard run and are a running team.  Come on.
"The sooner Lamar learns Duvernay is a reliable receiver who catches pretty much any ball in his area the better. He was such a reliable receiver, especially on 3rd down, in college."
I’ve never seen a defense that is so bad at tackling the QB. It’s actually impressive.
Well Bengals you WERE perfect on 4th down.
Fuck off the field young man
"Did the announcer just call Lamar ""Murray?"""
I think duvernay was such a good add for our team. Incredible value in round 3
"wtf are these announcers? ""Marcus Brown""? Calling Lamar Murray? We keep getting the D team lol"
Am I tripping or does he keep calling Lamar “murray”?
who is murray
WHY IS HE CALLING LAMAR MURRAY?
That’s our QB Lamar Murray
Murray with the TD
Great patience from our guy Kyler in the pocket just then
"Holding the fuck out of him too, call that shit"
Nice field goal by Murray Butker
I love mark andrews but it’s frustrating how much our entire offensive depends on him having a good game
Murray
This murray shit is insulting
"Friendship ended with lamar, now murray is my best friend"
The Baltimore Murrays
Why the fuck does he keep saying MURRAY
Mark Kittle with the 1st down
I swear we get the most pressure without a sack in the league
Flacco is 6/9
THE SACK FORCED FUMBLE BY QUEEN!!
QUEEEEEEEEEN
Judon is so awful I can’t believe people still defend him.
YAAAAAASSS QUEEN
The worst part about having Lamar in fantasy is he is gonna get benched by the 4th q again so Bobby 3 Sticks can play
Judon with the 4D Chess move. He knew that Queen was going to force the fumble and be in a better field position so he purposely went offside 😂
"Welcome to the North. This is your life now, Joe."
Remember 3-4 years ago when Bengals fans called this a rivalry?
Now this... this puts a smile on my face.
I love Patrick Queen so much
"QUEEN


*CHECKMATE*"
Lmao surprised by the ravens going for it on 4th?? You haven’t been paying attention
Lamar Murray is having a hard time putting touch on the ball today.
"Ugh, Lamar has looked real bad on the long touch passes all year, and this is game 5. Can't beat good teams if you can't take advantage when your receivers are wide open down the field."
"Yo is it just me, or has Lamar been struggling with his passes this season compared to last? What's going on with him?"
I need to stay out of this sub man people fucking freak out if everything doesn't go *perfectly*
Pernell > Judon for 5% of the cost
I swear they pass to Boyd just to activate our collective PTSD sometimes
Burrow might die this year. Constant pressure
Our defense is better than the Steelers D
Wtf is up with them not giving Dobbins touches?
we keep letting free rushers off the edge! OBJ gotta clean that up
Lamar is off today maybe lack of practice
Lamar needs to make adjustments to the line when he sees the corner/lbs blitzing. Too many free blitzers today
We are so hilariously bad on bootlegs lol
Our run defense has looked pretty good this year
Burrow's looking like Kyle Boller.
"Greg's mind: Oh dobbins, Duv and Edwards are playing well for us! Let me not utilize them anymore and see what happens!"
"Damn it hurts me to say this because I love Ingram, but I don’t think he should be the RB1 anymore if we have Gus and Dobbins playing like this"
"Yo this dude's lost it. Get him outta here.

First the whole Murray thing, now he thinks and INT is a completion..."
Seriously Jk does fucking work and then they just throw way too many times and expect it to work??? Lamar looking very meh today too
Lamar sucks right now
"That pick was overdue, sadly. Play before the screen was almost intercepted, and Mandrews prevented the other one."
Feels like it should be 40-0
Imma need Lamar to work overtime next week on throwing and his chemistry with other receivers.
Lamar looks like he missed practice this week.
It’s clear that Ingram isn’t explosive enough to work as well behind this line because it’s weaker this year. We need to use the speed advantage JK and Gus gives to hit the outside where our better Oline men are.
"Man our offense hasn't been itself since week 2. Fortunately being ""not ourselves"" is still enough to beat most teams, but we're capable of being so much better"
We should have at least 27 right now
HE HAD ONE JOB!!! FIRE JUSTIN TUCKER!!!! TRADE HIM!!!! WHAT A FRAUD!!!!! s/
"Hollywood almost had that TD, would help the offensive stats look better. Not that they’re bad"
"A mic caught someone calling Flacco a ‘fucking idiot’ in the cardinals-jets game. Get ready to riot, Flock"
JK Dobbins needs more touches. 2nd and 8 is getting old.
I'm convinced lamar's knee is not 100%. He would have run the ball more.
Has Lamar even ran once this game?
Last year we would be winning by 50. The only difference is we don't zone read anymore.
"Patriots entire offence is built around snapping it and throwing it quickly, we seem to refuse to utilize any of that. Why not throw boykin a slant for 5 yards or an out to snead once in a while if we refuse to run it"
We need faster routes . The plays take way to long to develop . We simply don’t have the  oline for long developing plays to work or receivers
elliot!! clean sack!
"Elliott to Burrow:

#WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY

#BOTTOM TEXT"
NO SHIT DUMB BEL.  YOU DO KEEP SAYING MURRAY.
Why do I keep saying Murray? Lmao
I have a theory: GRo is calling the game this way to get us more game experience trying to score by passing while we're comfortably ahead instead of only doing that when we are losing and *need* to score by passing
“Why I’m keep saying Murray?” Lmaoo
Dude just said coverage sack. What sack?
I don’t understand why Lamar has 35 pass attempts
Wtf a coverage sack?? He threw the ball
"Fuck it, keep throwing until they get it right"
Coverage sack on and incomplete pass 🤔🤔🤔
"‘It was a coverage sack’

.... on a play that wasn’t a sack. Man these announcers are every bit as bad as this sub has been saying"
Defence is the reason we’re winning this one. Offence has looked choppy today
Mp juiceman with an int sack and FF wtf
“Why do I keep saying Murray?”
"is our pass rush fixed?

or are the bengals just very very bad"
Offense needs to put a drive together here
The optimist in me is going to say Lamar isn’t 100% healthy and this game won’t define him going forward.
">""Roman deserves a lot of credit""

Tf are the announcers smoking? Roman's sucked all season. Next to Judon and the O line, Roman's the biggest weakness"
Heaven is a Lamar Jackson/Joe Flacco double box on Redzone
Judon is a net negative
Something about our offense seems really off this season
Lol that was clearly a false start
Judon? Offsides? Never!
"LETS GO, WELCOME TO THE AFC NORTH JOE BURROW!!!!

They are terrorizing him, he looks frightened out there. What a sad excuse of an offensive line."
RUN THE BALL
Burrows gonna have nightmares where he just sees flashes of purple.
How many woulda-been picks has Lamar thrown today? 4?
Lamar must be hurt or sick or something.
Worried about our offense.
"Queen's first TD.

Also Marlon doing Marlon shit.  Not even excited about that, him not having a strip is more a disappointment at this point.  Dude has us spoiled for sure."
Marlon Humphry would pickpocket your scrotum if he thought there was a ball in there to steal.
"I fucking love Humphrey

And add Queen to that list!"
"If the offense wont do it, then the defense will do it."
Our defence is better offence than our offence
Humphrey is the best player in the league at forcing fumbles
Humphrey makes me MOIST
Fruit Punch —> Queen TD love to see it!!!
KILLA QUEEN
Man our offense has been struggling but this defense is fucking insane
Man lets keep things positive this is a blow out! Too much negativity surrounding a big win. LETS GOOO
Keys to success: Target Marlon Humphrey... ? Lol
"Marlon signed da ting and kept producing instead of taking it easy like some of these high prices guys, love to see it."
"Marlon’s deal is already looking like a steal, holy shit"
Marlon is the Best NFL CB no doubt he’s fucking insane
Where was this defense against the Chiefs?
Let's go Eagles
Ferguson / bowser / madbuike all had a really good game today.
"Damn it, I dont want them to score any points"
Can we ever have decent play by play guys or...????
I also need the eagles and raiders win their games today
"Happy don't have to see our offense come back and ""play"". Offense desperately needs to find its stride or we wont be beating elite teams."
I can’t figure out if Kyler Murray is good or not
Ravens radio announcers are saying this cowardly kick deserves to get blocked and returned for a touchdown lol
Zac Taylor would bunt in a perfect game
You have a rookie fucking QB against one of the best defenses on the league and you don't try and score? That's horrible coaching
Uhhhhh Lamar is limping....
RG-III saving Lamar from a negative yard game.
"AHAHAHAHA

Get FUCKED, Chiefs."
Man I hate this settling for field goals shit.
Lamar has just looked poorly at times this season.
"Now that Tucker missed one, the announcers can stop trying to jinx the rest of his kicks"
Never been so worried about a 4-1 team in my life
"It's not ""spoiled"" to want your MVP QB and offense to play better, not even to mention this is 3 weeks in a row of the offense not looking very good."
Lamar looks like dog shit today. He should have 3 picks thrown.
Maybe we should admit Lamar has looked bad this season
"Since Lamar Jackson became the starter in Wk 11, 2018, BAL has scored 20+ pts in 28 straight regular-season gms, tying the “Greatest Show on Turf” Rams ('99-'00) for the 2nd-longest such streak in NFL history

P. Manning's Broncos (30 straight gms '12-'14) have the longest streak - @NFLResearch"
good day. i in europe. i like america. i like the hand egg game what you call football and i like hot dog too. i like the ravens football club. i cheer and scream at my screen playing an interweb stream of ravens club football. i hope ravens win. i think ravens win. good day
"Bro I have done so much today already I lifted chest and tris, ran a 5k swept mopped and did the dishes wtf is wrong with me"
Was that a sack for Judon?
Big play.  First end around ran successfully in years.
let’s use duvernay more he’s a weapon
He should have gone under.
"I never understood hearing 49ers and Bill's fans' complaints about Roman. They always said though that his first year with them he was great, then after that fell off a cliff. 

So far this year, I see exactly what they mean."
Lamar needs to trust his other receivers Duv was open!
"Defense is not gelled, offense is off and Lamar has not stepped up in the pass game.
Edit - still a very good team. But not as good as late 2019. Gotta step up and gel."
Burrow surprisingly athletic
Gotta finish these sacks man ugggggh
I’ll never forgive Tyler Boyd...
I think Duv has a better chance of being WR1 for us than Boykin
"That was such a huge play by Queen there, I fucking love this guy"
"What the fuck is up with our play calling? Why do we never run the ball, or atleast run tradional passes (like sluggo, slants, floods)"
Our route combinations make 0 sense sometimes
Can these announcers stop calling Lamar Jackson Murray
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST HIS NAME IS NOT MURRAY
Murray Count: 4
I can tell Lamar is having less fun than last year lol
Can we actually get this announcer fired post game this is actually pathetic you wouldn’t expect a teacher to come in and teach the wrong names
#LAMAR MURRAY
That was an absolute dart by Lamar
They need to scheme plays not intended for Andrews or Hollywood more. Lol.
Fuck all football teams from Ohio
Ah the classic 10-0 ravens lead
"IDK what happened but why did this offence switch from what was working last year.  No read options, a lot less pre snap motion, and the only pass plays are unoriginal or seam routs to Mandrews.  If they shut down Mark we have no passing targets."
the baltimore murrays are my favorite team
Murray almost broke one
Omfg with this Murray bullshit
"Someone needs to tell that guy his name is Jackson, it's on the back of his damn jersey"
Kyler looks taller than I remember.
Mandrews came to FUCKING PLAY
"It’s not like Lamars a famous player, or even the one guy people would know on our team"
Lamar be launching the ball like a rocket
So yeah. Like I said earlier. Best quarter (and 10 seconds) of football this team has played this season.
All i have is redzone today and they just keep casually cutting to the Ravens absolutely destroying them lmao
Judon is so trash.
#YASSS QUEEN!!!
Queen just smashed his old qb and got the TO. 😂😂💪💪
Judon? More liek Judoff.
Queen’s such a baller
LSU on LSU action
QUUUUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN
Jesus we're murdering them
Queen is a statsheet hero
Queen got his sack fumble on Burrow
QUEEN JUST FUCKING KILLED JOE
Patrick Murray with the hit on Burrow
PATRICK FUCKING QUEEN!
Queen is playing like he knows the QB. Pretty interesting how much he's popping this game. Guess it makes sense.
Lightning Mc(Patrick)Queen
"Oh. My. God.

What a hit.  Poor kid didn’t even feel it coming, he’s running for his life out there."
Queen heard yall was talkin shit
"Take a swing at Queen now, Joey boi"
Scott Hanson: “ apparently queen and burrow didn’t get along at LSU”
"Lamar's gotta start looking for his other receivers man. If we're gonna pass 45 times a game, we gotta at least try to change this shit up"
"Needed a better throw, but should have punted"
Throwing a low percentage pass on 4th and 6 near midfield? Questionable to say the least.
That pass right there is the one Lamar has to hit
Take notes judon
"Holy shit, the Bengals are trash. I know that's not that surprising, but I assumed they'd improved as their results so far didn't look too bad. Nah, utter trash."
I thought our Oline needed help... Jesus
Bengals like so bad it makes our shitty pass rush look great
I know all games are not equal but this a good sign considering how close the browns played the bengals imo
If we blowing them out by mid 3rd Quarter hopefully they take Burrow out not tryna see the rook get injured lmao
FEED GUS. We need to feed him early in games!
Feed My boy gus and he will make 30 minutes disappear
"Up 17 on a bad team is the time to try out a few things and establish some touches. I want to see some Duv, Proche and Dobbins -- even Ricard."
Lamar throwing like Burrow out here
That was a meaty tackle.
Missing Yanda. But we knew he was going to retire eventually. Hopefully Tyre steps up his game or someone else does. Need better protection
You know the announcers are trash when they compliment the Bengals D for keeping them in the game when the ravens D is shutting out the other side.
proche looks good so far
Was that the theme music from The Wire
Alex smith is in. It's a ravens sub but that's still crazy
THROBBIN FOR DOBBINS!
Dobbins doesn't like to go down. Dude is a strong runner.
Why are they still passing so damn much?
Gumbel called it complete? what a terrible announcer
Queen is fucking FLYING
Can we start a GoFundMe for a cannon we can launch Roman out of? These play calls are beyond pathetic all season.
We should have more than 17 damn points
Lamar is playing awful but luckily our defense is playing lights out that we are still blowing them out
"Up by 17 and Lamar’s on pace for 50 passes, go Roman go"
God damn our defense is playing lights out though arent they
And y’all wonder why Greg Roman is always bouncing around... dudes not very good
Defense helping out offense. That's what it's about.
"Lamar’s definitely not 100% today Luckily, we don’t need him to turn Super Saiyan this week."
Madubuike has impressed me so far
These halftime guys are not watching the game lol
The only thing that made me mad about Tucker missing is that it’s going to fuck up his overall percentage
Are any of y'all from the Flacco-Cam Cameron era? We did this all the time back then. We went pass heavy against bad teams because the coaches know that in the play-offs that's what it's going to come down to. Lamar is going to have to win games with his arm. I'd rather we have trial runs and error now so we're prepared when we need it.
Can anyone tell me why Lamar has 30 pass attempts in a half in a game we're up 17-0
O-Line is fucking dogshit
Bro what is this offense lol
"We’re doing that thing where we don’t run again, huh"
"This offense is sad right now. No easy throws, no one open when Lamar is actually getting some time. Uninspired playcalling and poor execution."
"People are frustrated because these issues we've been seeing with the Ravens have been lingering issues. And those issues cost them the game vs a legit playoff contender. People are just frustrated because it feels like the Ravens haven't been playing to their full potential (I get that they're winning, but this is still a bit concerning)."
"So they're just not going to run the ball anymore, huh? I don't understand the strategy here. This team is built to run. Everything is predicated on the run. What is Roman doing?"
Lamar threw in the first half as much as he used to throw in an entire game. I'm hoping this is just a plan to get him passing reps since we are still winning games as is.
Fort should've picked that off tbh
McPhee has had a hell of a game
">.@Patrickqueen_ is the second @Ravens rookie to record a sack, FF and FR in a game, joining Terrell Suggs, who accomplished the feat three times during his 2003 Defensive Rookie of the Year campaign. - @PMGleason"
"Greg Roman got kidnapped by Marty Mornhinweg, and the Greg we see before us now is Marty disguised as Greg..."
THAT IS WHAT THEY CALL HOLDING ON????
"""why do I keep saying Murray?""

YOU FUCKING TELL ME!!"
Even Gumbel doesn't know why he's calling Lamar Murray.
THATS the Lamar Jackson I’m used to!
I think gus killed that guy
I HATE INJURY
lmao at the ref
these announcers are terrible.  coverage sack?  he threw incomplete
That’s where not having a #1 kills you
Like I get were winning.....but this is not striking a ton of confidence.
I feel bad for burrow honestly
At least the defense is balling out today
Our defense really showed up today.  And they are finally taking QBs down and just touching them lightly
"THE BENGALS ARE LITERALLY GIVING US THE GAME.

PLEASE CAPITALIZE NOW. K THX"
Greg Roman would be the worst head coach in the league. Has absolutely no poise and composure.
How does Lamar have 33ish pass attempts with the Bengals being scoreless? Is our passing game this bad?
Yall need to understand that we dont run because we know we can. We need to fix the passing plays
Elite dragon passing TD
"3rd and 3, RUN TWICE!!"
lamar bb wtf are u doing
"Sigh. It's 3rd and 3, they're averaging 3 yards per carry. Let's pass..."
Do Boykin and Lamar hate each other?
"Well on the bright side we keep the streak of scoring in every quarter this season alive, at least until the 4th quarter."
What are you doinnnnnnn boykin
Boykin is pure trash. Bench him omg
Not a overthrow or a bad route. Just obvious miscommunication
"Obvi I would still like to see a turnaround from boykin, but frankly I just don't see toughness. I don't see a competitor. You can see it in the way he holds himself even, he holds his arms kinda loose. He could be a good player for us if he just had some grit and energy. Really disappointing waste of physical potential."
"Bruh, bench Burrow before he gets killed"
Who the hell is gilchrist
I'm starting to feel bad for burrow lol
Let’s see some dobbins action this drive
24-24 KC v LV... don’t know what makes me more angry. Blowing out a team but still unsatisfied. Or watching Carr keep more composure than the entire Ravens organization.
"Ravens defence playing well, there’s that"
"Lamar, Lamar, Lamar..."
This reminds me of watching 2000 Ravens games
This is abysmal play-calling from the offense wtf man
"Lamar has been so rough today, but our defence has been phenomenal"
Our defense is having so much fun dominating
"This isn't about an injury. Lamar isn't seeing underneath defenders at all. This is a reps issue... lack of preparedness. 

Those 2 missed practices in a row are looming large rn."
Humphrey is a god at forcing fumbles.
Greg Roman owes Wink a steak dinner for carrying this game
FRUIT PUNCH!
MARLO PUNCH!
Jesus Christ Humphrey.  You're a god.
God I am glad we paid him.
Good god marlon
Patrick Queen has more TDs than former teammate Joe Burrow today
"Marlon Humphrey and forcing fumbles, name a more iconic duo

I'll wait"
MARLO FOR DPOY
Name one player in NFL history better at forcing fumbles. Im completely serious here.. is there anyone? It's fucking uncanny
Marlon is just nuts
YAS QUEEN!!! Defense really stepping up rn ahah
Wow Marlon is talented
WHAT AN ANIMAL 44
Marlo showing again why hes worth the big bucks
Best fucking player on the Ravens period.
Bengals laying down at this point
KC is tied with LV at the start of the 4th. I think this team is showing to be FAR less than last year’s team ended. The plus side is that last year the team was ALSO looking bad early - almost losing to a Duck lead Pit in OT
"Lamar needs to play this game out and a least get TD to get some confidence back, hope Harbs realizes this."
C'mon LV and PHL.  We need your help.
False fucking start hahahaha
"""False fucking start"" lol"
That’s a horrible spot
Pussy shit right there
Zach Taylor trying to polish a turd.
"RIP shutout.

1 PM - 3:58 PM"
"Ofc Philly misses the field goal, ofc"
Welp philly fucked that for us...
Glad this shitshow is over. Good job defense.
GET RG3'ED
Let's go Eagles!
Eagles fucked it
Some of ya’ll are clearly new fans forreal. Y’all really on suicide watch from that 1st half?
Harbs get Boykin off the fucking field
Lamar could lowkey lead the league in picks with all the dropped ones this season
"Im drunk, so ready for any downvotes, but fuck me Lamar. Get your shit together."
"What do people want from Roman? 55 runs today? The way I see it, this game is a locked up win. Why not to try get some LIVE PRACTICE with personnel, formations, and plays they may not be very comfortable with? This is how teams grow. Good passing offenses won’t just pop up without the reps. 

Everyone chill out and stop complaining about a 17 point lead. Spoiled ass sub."
"Lamar was out most of the week. He lost a friend. He was ill. He had a knee injury. It’s been raining and the field is wet. 

GuYS LaMar RegReSsiN

He’s younger than Joe Burrow for fucks sake and his ceiling is phenomenal. He threw dart TDs. Good lord."
Lamar again just not locked in like last year. Maybe it’s Lamar/Andrews connection. But something is not going the same.
Burrow spends more time on his back than Riley Reid
Im only worried about Lamar because this is the 3rd week he has looked bad and today is objectively his worst regular season performance. Bad decisions. 4 dropped INTs. Straight up not seeing defenders.
"Fuck the browns, fuck the steelers and fuck the bengals"
Anyone else see Lama’s story? Looks like a homie of his passed away. RIP.
Gannon just said we’ve always been good at rushing the passer...did he forget to prepare for this game?
Did Hollywood just not pick that up? Or did he make a business decision there?
We leave so many points on the board by trying to constantly force passes when the run game is working.
I think lamar is focusing too much on his main targets. Much like aaron rodgers with davante adams last year
The broadcasting crew sucks. No replay on the two incompletions.
Lamar needs to learn there are other receivers besides Andrews and Hollywood
Peters isn’t the same this year or am I just 1st quartet overreacting. Lol prob the latter
Bruh if Campbell hit burrows he would of ko him lol
Queen was not letting burrow run
They went for fucking 4th instead of kicking for 3  lmao they’re here to beat our ass.
[deleted]
Lamar throws ropes sidearm. My god
Hollywood still avoiding hits
"Someone has to teach Hollywood how to run after the catch, he always turns his body up field and looks around a bunch"
More targets for DUV!!!
"He blocc, he attacc, he flip on over to his bacc"
3rd time he's called him Murray now.
Anyone else hear Murray everytime Lamar drops back to pass?
"I love the color commentator calling him ""Lamar Jackson"" as often as possible like... Do you hear me? Lamar? JACKSON?"
I’m gonna try to keep a Murray count. We’re up to 4 and it’s the first quarter.
This announcer keeps saying Murray right?
Gumbel is drunk lmao
"Bro Lamar is like a foot taller than Murray and wears #8, cmon man"
He keeps calling Llama Murray
Lamar mURraY
It is to the point where it's going to need a face to camera apology. wtf so awkward. THIS IS NOT KYLER MURRAY
"The other commentator keeps enunciating ""Lamar Jackson"" when he says Murray lmao"
"I don’t know why this offense doesn’t look as good as last year, but Lamar is clearly not having as much fun."
Why won’t we run read option this season? We were able to freeze so many defenders last year...
I LOVE LAMAR MURRAY
#BIG BOI NO LITTLE BOI MANDREWS
Ingram just isn't getting it done guys.
Murray Count: 6
let’s go baltimore ravens quarterback kyler murray
Mandrews means Murray to Andrews
Lol now this dipshit calling him Murray is a part of the TD highlight
Kyler Jackson's team up 7-0 against the Jets.
"Oh god CBS just showed Kyler Murray on screen, Gumbel is screwed now"
Okay D lets get murray back on the field
STOP CALLING HIM MURRAY YOU IDIOT
"This is why Marcus ""Murray"" Peters plays so far off receivers."
Still calling him Murray this out out of control
"Peters has that Ed Reed style instinct. He's not quite as rangey, but he's got the same knack for knowing where the ball is going and putting himself into the perfect position, even when it's not his assignment.

Both are notorious for film study, which owes a lot of it."
I think that is the 7th time he has called him Murray
How is he still calling him Murray? Is he trolling us?
I know he’s not a safety but Marcus Peters really reminds me of Ed Reed. Don’t you dare throw a sloppy pass anywhere near him
Does Gumbel have memory issues? for real
All Murray and no Murray makes Murray a Murray Murray
Why the hell hasn’t someone told gumble yet
"Damn, I wanted to get 17 before the 2nd quarter"
A man who expressed his frustration at only being a 3rd down player. Commits a penalty on first down for 15. Maybe your coaches were right
The Bengals feeling how we did watching Kelce vs us. Literally unstoppable right now
Thank you Dunlap for that dumb RTP. Taking the heat off our bad Read Options this year.
"Mandrews getting alot of action so far this game, this season even. I think he will pass his 10 TDs from last year"
not gonna lie. That call was soft.
Lamar to Mandrews is lethal
"Murray troll aside:

Make Duvernay a starter. He already looks so much better than Boykin.

Conventional football theory says we need a tall outside receiver. Well, fuck that. Just start our play makers who also have the best hands? Makes sense to me..."
Calling Lamar Murray is starting to get a little disrespectful how do you forget the MVP's last name ...
This game will feature RG3 in mop up duty
"A grasshopper walks into a bar and the bartender says “hey. We have a drink named after you!”

The grasshopper says, “you have a drink called Murray?”"
what a sexy throw by murray
Of course Hollywood gets a TD when I finally give up and sit him on the bench
"NGL, Baker's a pretty good actor xD"
Has Hollywood got Maryland flag gloves on?
Missed sack by Judon
Bro that's holding you cant block someone in the back wtf
Queen FF and recovery what a beast
#FUMBLE!!! RECOVERED BY PATRICK MURRAY!!!!
"Life, uh, finds a way"
Queen is a MONSTER!
Judon for JJ str8 up.
DROY.
Mental built by Taco Bell
Judon playing 8d chess with getting better field position there
Jesus. Burrow has zero protection lmao
Queen got enough to brag about on the stat sheet in just one play
Holy shit he forced and recovered the fumble
Nice job not ripping his spine out unnecessarily. I know they were teammates but that takes restraint.
Queen's speed is ridiculous
Queen has been balling recently
Welcome to the nfl
Burrow might actual get killed by the Steelers.
We threw 4 times in a row. What the fuck is Roman’s deal?
Whatever happened to fake hand offs to Ingram and then Lamar running for 10 every time
"I'm really not liking what I'm seeing from Lamar's passing recently, not sure what's up but he seems more off than usual"
These announcers are beyond annoying today
"I’m trying not to be too pessimistic but this team looks so unimpressive every week despite winning easily every week except 1. Last year they absolutely dominated every week, this year the scoreboard says they’re dominating but it doesn’t feel like it."
I feel kinda bad for burrow tbh this isnt even fair
This is the worst oline
Burrow's welcome to the AFCN.
I thought our line struggles...
"If only I wasn’t playing against Ravens d/st this week lol

/s of course, happy watching Bungles get smashed even at the cost of my fantasy team"
Joe getting abused back there and the first half isn’t even over lol
I want Duv and Hollywood to have a game against the steelers that secondary looks super suspect lmao
lamar wtf don't just lob it up like that
smh line
Wtf is going on? They’ve had a lot of free rushers the last few drives
What in the hell was that throw
Greg needs to do some soul searching
That’s the 4th or 5th time today that’s no one has even chipped the outside rusher.
Pay Bowser and let Judon walk
Burrow’s hard count hurting his team more than helping lol
#run d is back baby
Now that was a good throw Lamar
"So is Greg Roman using this game as practice to work on pass plays? 

Why do we have so many pass attempts up by 17 lol"
Wtf was that lamar? One of the worst passes i’ve ever seen from him
Good lord Jackson and accuracy do not belong together today.
Dobbins 2 10+ yard runs......then pass pass horrific pass. What the fuck is this? Ive turned on roman.
"If I’m the Bengals I’m just handing to Mixon three times and punting. Burrow’s going to
Die."
Raiders came back wtf
Tucker 69 yarder plz
That was some excellent clock management
I think we should be up by way more if Lamar was on his A-game
Score should be much higher but our offense feels so awkward
" Damn JT.

Still the best kicker tho, dw about it ❤️"
Can’t blame Tucker for a 61 yard miss. Few can manage that.
God straight up hated on Tucker’s kick because he’s jealous
I blame god for tucker missing that kick
"Lamar has never had a worse half than that one from an interceptable pass standpoint. 3 clear cut ones & another that could've been charted as interceptable. 1 was intercepted. 2 happened on b2b plays. 

Missed practice time might be a reason for this. Inaccuracy is 1 thing. Throwing the ball right to defenders? He doesn't normally do that."
There have been a LOT of interceptable passes by Lamar in this game.
Every ingram run is under 4 yard...when was his last good run?
Offense looks confused as fuck
Our route concepts are h o r r i b l e
Watson commercial is cringey.
"Game MVP is gonna be a tossup between Queen, Bowser, and McPhee."
The lack of plays under center is highly concerning.  I'm honestly tired of seeing do many plays from the Gun sigh
What happened to Roman? He lost a lot of urgency when play calling. The offense is really just lethargic and doesn’t seem to care.
Chase claypool with 3 TDs so far. Why do the steelers always nail their WR picks while we wind up with people like boykin?
Our DB have looked way better blitzing without Earl
Wink calling a really good game.
Run ball plz?? Gus Bus? Dobbins? Plz?? :D
This is the worst I've ever felt while winning 17-0. Offence looks dreadful today
WHO THE FUCK IS MURRAY
How the hell does this commentator have a job?
He's become self aware!
That might have been Lamar’s most impressive play of the season
i miss u yanda ):
Ingram looks completely cooked this year. Please have Dobbins starting moving forward.
Hollywood with 20 YAC. Love to see it.
Imagine if Marquise was a dog like his cousin and took defenders on every run. He would be so fucking good.
Baker Mayfield might have the biggest ad campaign in sports history.
Lamar really needs to start playing better if we want to make it far this season. Think he’s just in a little rut rn
"Defense playing great...but I just checked DVOA and bengals are rank #21 run defense and our main 2 backs have been trash. This definitely isn't a good sign going forward. This is deeper than ""coaches won't run the ball""."
"*throws incompletion*

""Well that's a coverage sack right there"""
Those plays are where Lamar used to just take it up the middle but he isn't doing it anymore. I don't understand.
"Okay can we legit fire GRo after this game? His game plan is dogshit even with the score the way it is our defense is playing amazing today and we should have way more than 17 on the Bungles

It’s like dobbins and Gus don’t exist"
AJ Green contemplating retirement in real time on sideline
That looked straight out of madden
People focusing so much on how our offense is playing like shit but not on how phenomenal our defense is playing against the Bengals who have had a decent offense this season.
Isn’t it a penalty to hit the ball out of bounds like the RB did?
"Lmao the punting team really be saying ""let's go"" after each punt????? We're like at the 30.....bruh"
I love Marcus Peters. Playmaker central who’s always bringing the energy and fire every game.
"Running is working too well, we must stop immediately"
It truly is incredible how efficient we are when we run. Roman’s playcalling has been so puzzling this year.
"""Well guys, I guess Ingram sucks, right?"" - Guys in this thread."
"I think this proves what many of us have been saying. 

Our offense could have gone to this dominant run game at any point today. It’s our bread and butter and we know it works. 
 
Let’s work on our passing game while we are up 17."
Fuck you boykin
The passing game is shit today
Boykin quitting on another route?
If Boykin kept running while getting held right there he probably could've got a call. Instead he gives up
Greg Roman sucks soooo much with our offense this year.
Someone tell Judon there is no franchise tag bonus for jumping off sides multiple times a game.... 🤦‍♂️
You guys are killing me on here. Appears to me Lamar isn’t close to 100%. Impacts the game a lot.
"Burrow has been sacked approximately 83 times this game alone, poor guy"
Our DBs have 4 sacks wtf
Lmao I feel like everyone on this team got a sack today except for Judon
You have to throw to the purple jerseys Lamar
Lamar...
Dude what is Lamar doing....
good thing the bengals can't catch ints lol
"Lamar, bud, you gotta do better"
Is Lamar looking before he throws pr is he just saying fuck it? Dude hasn't looked good in a minute.
"It's fucking raining and a 20-0 game in the fourth, why are you throwing on 1st down"
We've had like three near picks. Jackson needs to play sharper than this
Why are we throwing the ball so damn much?
"Lamar was walking odd at the end of that play, I really don't think he's healthy"
The fact we aren't going for it on 4th and 2 with how our defense is playing today says a lot about how bad the offense is playing
Lamar's Week 5 stats are terrible two weeks in a row lol.
MARLON STRIKES YET AGAIN
MARLOOOOO
Humph is one of the best CBs in this league and needs to be respected
FOURTY FUCKING FOUR YOU BEAUTY
FRUIT PUNCH. Scooped up by Queen!!  This D is lethal!!!
**FRUIT PUNCH**
YAAAAAAAAAASSS QUEEEEEEEEEN
"Humphrey, player of the game."
Marlon is * *chefs kiss* *
MARLON THE GOATTTTTTTT
Good ball extraction
Fruit punch
FRUIT PUNCH!
Marlon the extractor
Big brain thinking from the defense: Don’t have to hold your breath for the offense if they never even get the ball.
Marrrrrrrrlooooo
Does Marlon have a turnover in every game this season so far?
Humphrey doing some LeonardoDiCaprio inception type extraction
Marlon dpoy and queen droy
Queen for DROY
Okay let's hit burrow some more now. Still not satisfied man im still frustrated from the previous weeks
Please hand Pittsburgh a loss.
I wonder how much Corona (the beer company) has been hurt by Coronavirus lol. Like I would love to know if they've faced any challenges solely due to their name.
"MP Juiceman, Queen, Campbell, Humphrey. Defence has a bright future"
Why are so many kickers kissing extra points?? Really raiders against KC 🤦🏼
Basically Harbs wanted a very long timeout....D is prolly gassed after than fumble return
One Punch Marlon
Wow he's actually apologizing lol
Campbell got the tackle THROUGH the olineman
Damn I guess were not getting the shutout
Dont let them scooooorrre.
"Remember when we couldn't catch a break against the Bengals?
We couldn't beat them to save our lives?"
That's a generous spot
I agree with Gannon.  Give Burrow the chance to pass.
Raiders are impressive as fuck
Gave up the shutout.  Defense in shambles /s
"59 minute shutout

fugggggg"
Pussy ass FG. Pathetic
So they did get RG3d.
Go RAIDERS!!!
"The Eagles suck and are $68m over the cap next year, with 44 players under contract.  Yikes"
Nice so Judon has missed a sack and nullified our interception on this drive. He's lucky he just got bailed out by Queen.
"Judon is like a mediocre blowjob, I'm not mad that he's on the team but he sucks and doesn't get close to the sack"
"Bad pass. If the pass is on point, that's a big gain or potentially 6."
Man these threads are cringy. It’s like people expect a touchdown on every drive? We are beating a division opponent 17-0 and we are about to get the ball.
"We can be enjoying success and still be critical of players and coaches. Smd with all this ""spoiled"" shit. You think Harbaugh is satisfied with how the offense has looked? I really doubt it"
"Unpopular opinion:

Greg Roman has called a good game so far"
#CutBoykin
[deleted]
"#Fire Roman.

Tbh we all know it. Dude's made awful calls all season. Losing to Kc would be understandable, but we could've had a shot if we weren't so horrifically outcoached. Aside from the O line, Roman's the biggest liability and everyone knows it."
[deleted]
Bengals fan coming in peace. Is it normal for commentators to call lamar jackson murray?
Ok we dont have the WORST offensive line. Lmao
Judon is the new subreddit punching bag for the defense
What a crisp offensive performance all around
This is not a SB winning offense
Run run run
Here’s to a good game day with no injuries on either side friends! CAW CAW!
Hey guys Im doing a short research survey for school and would greatly appreciate it if you could complete this (only 8 questions) https://forms.gle/3PkJG79rs4FkNDgz6
I hope the offense can get it going early in this one.
Actually great play by judon
That punt sketched me out more than it needed to
Judons gonna get 4 sacks this game and use it to leverage $$$
Welp looks like ima be watching this game from the toilet had some chicken enchiladas and a bean burrito for lunch
Roman reads Ravens sub Reddit confirmed
Duvernay was open :/
I’ll take points to start the game while getting the ball to start the 2nd half
Tucker goin for a perfect season
Shit drive despite the Duvernay end around. But I'll take it. Good to get points on the first drive.
Sometimes you take the easy play. Plus that looked like Duv who would’ve had room to run. Cmon Lamar
Anyone else pay extra attention to tucker's motion after that post yesterday?
"This may not be a popular opinion, but im happy we have been a little pass happy in these games.  Come playoffs or against elite teams, it needs to be something we can do."
Feel like Snead was open but Lamar tried to force it to Hollywood in double coverage. Then Duvernay was open but Lamar tried to force it to Andrews in double coverage.
how did he possibly gain yards
Burrow looking almost Lamar-esque there...
Seeing Campbell sprinting at you 👁👄👁
Should have been a easy sack and punt. now we gotta worry about giving up the 4th down.
[deleted]
Oof. Boyd could've had that. Queen is faaaaast.
Imagine if Duv took it all the way on that 40 yard run
Nice job by Queen to make him throw
"Rookie qb + Suspect OLine = a good day for our DLine

...BUT YOU GOTTA FINISH THESE TACKLES lmao"
Ravens’ 4th down attempts > Bungholes’ 4th down attempts
thank god for queen cause that would've been an easy first
I get he’s small but you gotta actually try to get some yards..
Hollywood is soft
Lamar's really off on his throws this year.
"Duvernay, plz be our WR1"
Holy crap he actually threw it to Duv
Murray?
Who the fuck is Murray
Murray again dude??
Who is Murray??
"Not a Ravens fan, can anyone tell me when Lamar Jackson changed his last name?"
How tf you announce an NFL game and not know the name of last years unanimous MVP?
mUrRaY
Greg gumbel is getting on my nerves. How does a producer not say anything.
Gumbel is a fucking moron
Lamar’s pocket poise on that 3rd and 14 was absolutely fantastic. His patience allowed Andrews to get open.
I'm surprised we're taking our time... I'm not convinced that was clearly a first
MuRraYyy
Did this bitch say Murray again?
"Fuck it, Lamar Murray for MVP."
Murray Count: 5
"MURRAY MURRAY MURRAY MURRAY MURRAY 

How is a producer or Rich not correcting him??"
Lamar just casually telling Harbs what's up.
For fucks sake Gumbal is making me miss the Fouts/Eagle booth and thats saying something.
I can already see the Lamar “Murray” player of the game posts
Also DPI and holding like FUCK
Murray to andrews
"How is this guy still saying Murray, how has no one on the broadcast team said something..."
Murray with a TD on his second drive glad we signed the guy
That was def defensive holding.  But Andrews a beast
TOUCHDOWN BALTIMORE MURRAYS!
Who’s better? Lamar Murray or Lamar Jackson?
Idk how hard it is to say Jackson
TOUCHDOWN
That's a full grown MANdrews.
Greg Roman: let’s abandon the run now we have a 10 point lead
Guys when are we gonna pay Kyler for throwing these TDs to Mandrews all the way from Arizona?
INTERCEPTION BY MARCUS MURRAY!
Someone fire Gumbel at halftime please. Or have a producer at least correct him
Murray again wtf
How has there not been someone yelling in Gumbel’s headset about calling him Murray?
 Can this ancient fuck not hear the other commentator calling him Lamar Jackson every time?
"Marcus Peters' interception marks the 18th straight game that the Ravens have forced a turnover, the longest active streak in the NFL.  During that streak, Peters has had five interceptions and one fumble recovery."
7 MURRAYS
that call was soft as hell lmao
FLACCO IN FOR JETS
Who the fuck is Murray?????
That was a super soft call
Looks like Andrews brought his hands today.
Pretty weak call but I guess we'll take it
Been a while since I've seen a team implode before the end of the first quarter. 😂
Mandrews is just unstoppable sometimes
Having Mandrews on fantasy>>> 💪🏽
"I think Gumble has a bet with Gannon for how many times he can slip ""Murray"" into the broadcast, like that ""meow"" scene from Super Troopers"
It’s great that Andrews is balling the fuck out today but We need to target someone else man. We’re fortunate enough the bengals are still the bengals but real teams are going to play better on Andrews. We need everyone to be a weapon like mahomes makes everyone a weapon
"Okay on one hand I’m happy he said *Lamar Jackson* for once. But on the other hand, you don’t get to call him *Murray* seven times and not address it with a “my bad”"
It still blows my mind how Murray was elected the unanimous MVP in his rookie season.
Lamar Murray and Justin Kicker looking real solid there
How has nobody corrected his boomer ass yet???
Touchdown Marques Murray! Murray to Murray baby!
"Hey look, Hollywood got his first TD of the year.  Nice.

Also, fuckin rocket he caught like it was nothing."
Yo Hollywood helmet looks like he's a DJ with a ridiculous sized helmet
Yikes.   Tucker flirting with that left upright today.
"Meet the Ravens we got:
Lamar Murray,
Mark Kamara,
Aerial Andrews ,
And Justin Kicker"
"Damn that Kyler Jackson guy on the Cardinals is looking pretty good out there, they got the lead on an ELITE QB up in NY"
Tucker is flirting with the posts lol. Why did we install those damn side scoreboards?!?! 😭
Kyler Murray will be the MVP frontrunner by the end of the game.
I swear Judons been bathing in butter before every game this season
Stop showing Chiefs highlights. I still have PTSD
File that under the  ‘Judon can only get pressure against TEs’ group
Elliot dancing
Patrick Queen is such a beast
MY QUEEEEEN!!!
My god Queen that hurt me
LSU on LSU crime!!
Hahahhaaha thats his old QB 🤣🤣🤣
Burrow having a rough day
I'm getting a Queen jersey
"If queen can get better in coverage, he’ll be a beast. I can’t wait to see him develop!"
I love queen lmao
QUEEEEEEEN
"Was just about to be really mad at Judon, but we got an even better result thanks to the Queen 😍"
Queen for President 2020
"The hit AND recovery.
Burrow looks rattled. 3 turnovers already (obviously one didn’t count)"
You know deep down that's gotta feel great to wallop your old QB teammate
"He's living on Burrowed time

&#x200B;

sorry"
Haven’t seen tiger on tiger crime like that since yesterday when Mizzou beat LSU
WELCOME TO THE LEAGUE ROOKIE
The energy by the defense rn >>>>
We’re annihilating Burrow damn
Probably felt like LSU practice again for Queen
Nothing like having a pick taken away only to get a sack fumble the next play that gives a better starting position 😂
First game burrow has looked like a rookie. Let's go flock
"Glad for us but damn, Bengals really need to invest in protecting Burrow. Beef up the line, and help him learn how to protect himself. He is getting fucking wrecked rn."
It’s amazing how we always draft elite LBs
Burrow looks like me trying to grow a beard at 17
It was tipped my babies
"Sigh, another 3 pass drive. Roman..."
What's with these underneath routes? What's the point of a route that not past the first down market on 3rd down?
Why don't we run the ball more??
Wtf was that
"Come on, how can you waste that turnover?!"
"Like going for it, but not the play call"
He was open
Greg Roman is back and here to stay baby
Also Lamar needs to learn to target people not named Andrews or Brown once in a while
There's been too many times this year that I've been unimpressed with Lamar. It's like he's reverted.
He's been over shooting quite a bit. Needs to turn it down a notch.
Lamar gotta work on his accuracy. Been off all season on those throws
"Everyone calm down, these plays are on lamar when he hits them Roman looks like a genius. We are still 4/6 on 4th and up by 17."
"lol how are people mad at Roman? He called a play that should have resulted in a score or at least a huge gain, and Lamar missed a wide open Andrews."
Omg Bengals line trash af
Bengals oline is horrible because our pass rush looks fantastic lmao
The Bengals line is so trash
Pls eagles
That Honest Thief movie I just saw a trailer for looks like someone smashed together the scripts for every single Liam Neesen movie and this is what resulted from it.
2 RUNNING PLAYS IN A ROW?? MADNESS
Gus Bus has that sweet gold mouth piece haha
Mekari looks pretty decent at guard
Not a good throw Lamar. Cmon now.
What the hell is wrong with Murray
Omg just give it to gus it’s not hard
I really feel like we should trade one of our RBs. They have way more value then the amount we use them like Gus. Gus could be a solid RB1 for a lot of teams and we should take advantage of that if we use him as our RB3
What the fuck was the protection on that drive? Not good enough oline.
Have we run even one read option yet?
Why don't we use JK we spent a second round pick on this guy
Bengals O-line is trash
defense doing it's job at least
I sometimes miss the excitement and heart burn we had before 2019
Defense has been amazing so far. Really liking what I'm seeing from Queen and Bowser in particular
That wire intro song
Diggin the subtle Wire theme thrown in there
Jackson is inches from some of these throws being lights out.
Gets saved from a pick only to throw another pick...
"Even if the defender wasn’t there, that was a terrible pass that wasn’t catchable. He’ll bounce back."
"Second time today the offense ruins a great play by a rookie. First Duv, next Dobbins"
"Queen is going to be a better linebacker for us than Mosley, fight me"
"someone rushing the punter went down and grabbed his knee, who was it"
Yeah this is just sad at this point. Poor Burrow
The biggest flaw in Lamars game is his composure you can tell when he’s frustrated and it affects his play and decision making. CALM DOWN
Someone tell Roman to give it to Dobbins.
Everyone chill on Lamar a bit he's just having an average game. That ball to Hollywood was on the money the safety just made a good play
"I'm starting to really have doubts on Greg Roman as an OC. Maybe it's too early, but this playcalling is horrid..."
"This just doesn’t feel like the same offense at all. I get losing yanda was huge, and that offenses evolve over time. But honestly this just doesn’t seem right at all. I think Roman is responsible for a lot of the blame here!"
Lamar is lucky this defense is playing really good. Hes not having the best day
The raiders might beat the chiefs
Beautiful outside throw there
I wanna see us go the length of the field and score 6.
"Damn, nice try. Plenty of leg, just a bit too much hook."
What a weird half of football.
I know the Bengals have a solid DL but there have been multiple times they have absolutely dominated in pass situations. OL still suspect in the pass game
What is up with PIT finding WR gems
Comeback player of the year: Alex Smith!
Madubuike giving the d-line a nice spark today!
Ingram needs to be 2nd or 3rd RB
[deleted]
Dobbins and Gus having good game. Ravens coaching staff hold my beer. Let’s send Ingram in.
"Dude. What the fuck kind of routes are we running, where after 5 seconds NO ONE is open?"
What is up with Lamar not running at all this game
Run play followed by two plays with long developing routes. Wtf Roman can you have one of these mfers run a slant?
"So are we just never going to run he football again?

I know I’m not an NFL coach but I seriously question our play calling this year. It doesn’t make any sense."
Defence hard carrying offence right now
Idk if Lamar is 100% guys i'm scared
DESHON
Good Lord they are just letting Burrow get murdered back there
JOKER SZN
"I'm the Joker, babyyyy"
JOKER SZN
Lamar has to get something going now.  Get some more points on the board.
The D is absolutely winning the game for us
Wtf the special teams shouting bout lol yall just punted
"Idk how we rolled into this season with the same group of WRs. Clearly they were an issue last year, they had too much confidence in Boykin going into this year"
"Oh my God. You think this is bad. The Jags just derped the every loving derp on a 4th and 1. Link up Allen Robinson in the QB slot, move Minchew to the slot. Robinson tries to throw, fumbles the ball shifting it to his throwing hands, Houston recovers."
Horsecollar much?
Jesus christ self aware now about the Murray.
MURRAY. Holy shit who gave this guy a job?
HIS NAME IS NOT *MURRAY*
FINALLY Gumbel
Why do I keep saying Murray 🤦🏼
"This is a minor gripe, but they need the announcing booths to get younger. There are too many senile old dudes with rocks for brains trying to make coherent sentences"
That absolutely was not a hold
Gumbel at least finally knows he's doing it
HOLLYWOOD
ACTION JACKSON TO HOLLYWOOD
33 passes. That’s too much for this early in the 3rd man. I really don’t get it.
"I'm sorry, it's the middle of the 3rd quarter in a game we're winning 17-0 and Lamar has 35 passing attempts? What the fuck are we calling?"
Fuck it sign AB
I'm starting to wonder if they're purposely abusing the pass to run ratio to make up for missed reps. Shit just doesn't make sense otherwise to not be running the ball.
"I miss seeing this type of pressure, it’s so fun to watch"
I honestly think eventually to win a SB we gonna have to move on from Roman eventually. Every offense he coaches starts out hot in the first year then after a few seasons starts choking and being sub par.
"All things considered, it's been fun watching the defense dominate. I'll take a stinker on O every now and then if it means I get to watch us bully offenses again"
I don’t know why Ingram gets so much hate here. Dude’s still got it and brings a great energy to the locker room.
Let’s go Eagles
Wait. Running the ball works?
"Lots of complaining in here today. Anybody else feel like they’re telling Lamar to save his legs until we need ‘em? We’re not going to lose this game—might as well keep him fresh until we need all of his tools against the Chiefs, Steelers, etc. Plus he gets to develop the passing game more. Feels like a long game approach to me (hopefully)..."
Where are those dudes shitting on Ingram earlier?
"Lots of bad mouthing of Mark here. He still got legs y'all, we just need to use him, Gus and JK more."
"We need a passing OC lmao, Greg is great on the run but he is so out of his element when it comes to a complete package."
Lamar’s judgement is shit
Boykin needs to be benched until he proves that he is going to give any effort
What the fuck was that
Boykin blocking? Lmao
Boykin breaks my heart
Boykin soft as hell
Gotta start putting our fastest guys out there on 3rd down.
Harbaugh went over to see if Lamar was drunk
Was Boykin run blocking?
I love that MO is still highlighted on the field
Fuck these announcers and fuck the bengals
Judon...TRASH
Judon getting flagged again
"Our defense has been looking good, our run game is working when we use it, were just struggling in the pass game. Lamar definately seems off"
"car vending machines, what a breakthrough that was"
Why aren’t we running the read option this year? Last Yea the entire offense revolved around it. Are they trying to keep Lamar from taking the hits?
Bench Boykin
**Roman be like:** https://imgflip.com/i/4i5740
Welcome the division joe
Joe will be andrew luck v2 if this keeps up for him
20 points against the bengals is just mediocre
"Our blitzes are working in this game because burrow + their pass pro have no idea how to counter them. Burrow hasn't seen at least 5 of them.

Rookie qb. Rookie struggles. 

@ the same time, this changes nothing as far as blitz usage against teams like the chiefs. Can't do it against them."
JACKSON WTF MAN
RUN THE FUCKING BALL FOR GOD SAKE
"It is 20-0, run the damn ball"
Lamar must be playing hurt
"Lamar has 0 touch today. None. Everything is like drives. 

He can drill some awesome side arms. He needs to figure out deeper and touch passes better."
"I know Jackson may not appreciate the running back comments, but maybe just let him run a few times? Nothing else has worked."
Bowser and Ferguson are looking good.
This defense is keeping me interested lmao
God I love Patrick Queen
"I’m not too worried about Lamar, dude had a knee injury and it’s obviously affected him. Hoping it won’t be affecting him next week or after"
That Fruit Punch is lethal
Patrick Queen player of the game today in my opinion
Marlon mf Humphrey
FROOT PUNCH
First TD of the second half?
"No wonder the bills struggled with roman as a OC. Guy does not know when to run and when to pass. Up 20. Why not run the ball with JK or Gus.

And the raiders are keeping up with the chiefs. This is beyond frustrating.

Reminds me of Cameron."
Humphrey is da man!
HUMP IS SO GOOD
I'm sorry but it's no longer the Peanut Punch. Fruit Punch for life
DPOY and DROY
Why they keep targeting my boi
Why is Marlon targeted so much tho
 Best defense ever n the league
Defense can easily carry us here. But it won't be able to against a good experienced QB. This offense needs serious work this week.
Imagine Humphrey in MMA lol. Dude was made for it.
When are these Marlon jerseys going to be back in stock. I need to get one
"OUR FIRST ROUND PICKS THESE LAST 5 YEARS HAVE BEEN AMAZING! STANLEY, HUMPHREY, LAMAR, HOLLYWOOD, AND QUEEN!!!

I'm going to intentionally ignore Hurst."
"Bengals try to prevent a shutout, then Marlon goes “nah” 😂"
Magic Marlo
"Pat Queen: 1 Sack, 1 FF, 1 FR, 1 TD"
Of course this is the week I’m going against the Ravens D in fantasy. ☹️
Give Humphrey that Mahomes money
Cmon philly philly
CMON IGGLES
Fly eagles fly!
Steelers defense giving up 30 to eagles lol
Harbaugh let them have this man
Alex smith has been sacked 5 times on 18 dropbacks 😬 get him outta there
Why the fuck did that replay just take 5 minutes?
Bout time he apologized
"I'm feeling bad for the D, they been out there a long time. Some warriors man ....."
I keep hearing an annoyingly pitched OOOOOHHHHHHHh the whole game it's so fucking annoying
If they can't convert this....
Iggles making a move.
WOW raiders with a massive play
"Watching Iggles-Stillers now

Leggo Philly"
Mmm my Baltimore defense in fantasy is v v sexy
RIP shutout
Not a shutout. Give me my blame of the game thread.
So Greg Roman passing here? /s
Come on eagles 😔
"If season ended today Humphrey would have a good case for DPOTY, Queen DROTY"
Burrow missing Queen a lot lol
"People focusing on how bad our offense is which is understandable, but not on how our defense is having one of the best performances you could possibly have"
Lmfao the Steelers struggling against the Eagles 💀💀💀😂
Three straight passes. Roman you fucking idiot.
"Literally a record breaking running game last season

Roman: nah fuck that shit that was stupid let's not do that again

Fuck off greg"
Jesus Christ Lamar literally misses every single deep pass
"Alright. Lamar is way off. He never does that. 

Missed practice time, maybe?"
Damn lamar had a gaping hole on the left side for an easy first... I wonder if he is looking to pass almost too much now lol
"It's 61 yards guys, don't be too broken about missing that 😂"
"We dont need to run the ball. We are gonna beat the bengals, work on the passing game so we can actually comoete against good teams"
People are talking about Judon earning a contract? Bruh he should be competing for a roster spot at this point
Nice to see Judon making an impact on the game /s
Why does it feel like we’re losing
Bad challenge but who cares?
"What is that little patch on Calais jersey? I've noticed it before on others, looks like a caped superhero or something"
"I like it when people add an 'S' to random names.

Humphreys, Burrows, Buddens....I'm going to start new ones.  Ngatas, Flaccos, Madabuikes, Wentzs, Gostkowskis"
Ugly ass win but still a W
Brown returning a kick? Interesting since he's afraid to even look at a defender lol
"""A convincing victory for the Ravens.""

Convincing of what, exactly? Lol."
We fans were totally spoiled from last season lol. I often forget about games where we'd score like single digits the entire game
"Stop making excuses lol, this offense is awful right now."
This is the worst commentator I have ever heard 🤣
Greg Roman strikes again!!!
Idk if I’m watching a different game than some of you guys but the run game has gone nowhere today. The fact is it’s both unsustainable to have as much running success as we did last year and losing yanda means we’re just not built to do as well as last year.
"Jeez you'd think the Bengals are blowing us out this game from the comments.

No it's not Lamars best game, but chill please"
"We should sign Julio, they are losing 20-7 to fucking Carolina"
"Yeah, the Ravens are up 17-0 against the Bengals; but the offense and the play-calling were simply sluggish in the 2nd quarter. So many uninspired pass plays, the right side of the offensive line is still struggling without Yanda and Lamar Jackson has been inconsistent with his precision and touch today. It really felt like  they wasted a good 3 drives by not scoring anything, even if they are playing a young Bengals team that is at least 2 years from being competitive.

Look, there's no reason why Baltimore should be passing the football 29 times while only running it 13 times in one half. That isn't the team's forte with only two consistent targets in the passing game."
Lamar looks bad today
Boykin provides 0 to this offense....I hate how we keep trying to turn shit into diamonds
Brown has left like 15 yards on the field already
Fire Roman NOW.
How are we not absolutely running up the score against these jobbers? Is anyone else starting to get concerned about our offence?
The Bengals have a bad defense and we still look like this. I thought Roman was to blame but I'm putting equal disappointment in Lamar big time
Are the Browns actually good and we just made them look bad?
Pls colts and pls eagles
No pass rush needs to get fixed today! Time to turn it on Judon and Co
Flacco is out there 😭😭
We better get a lot of sacks on these ass tackles
"Proche was right to let that bounce, but it was still scary nonetheless."
The ol Chris moore special but done right
Fuck yes duvernay! that's what I want to see from this offense/playcalling!!!!
FREE DUVERNAY
"Bozeman with a beautiful seal on that Duv run. 

Extend that man this offseason."
Anyone else see brown wide open
"Damn, missed an opportunity with Duvernay..."
"Passing game was supposed to improve this year, so far it’s been the same or worst"
Boykin you can come in at the redzone otherwise I want Duv
Lamar locking in on andrews again
"That playcall on 3rd and 7 was actually good. Lamar just surprisingly made the wrong read. Might've made the wrong read on 1st down as well.

Gotta look to players other than andrews and hollywood. They're being keyed in on"
Lamar always gotta be going for big plays. Just get the 1st down. Had a wide open receiver underneath.
Aww Mo next to Trey
How is someone always open like that
Tyler boyd always gives me ptsd
I remember when we had a good pass rush
Pass rush doesn’t get blocked and still cant get a sack
"If you're going to run that play, you actually need, you know, blockers."
Hollywood is scared to get hit I’m over it
Dumb play. Brown is scared of contact.
Markus brown
Mediocre-to-bad playcalling and Lamar's decision-making hasn't helped matters.
RUN the ball Greg you absolute scrotum
he FLIP
WE WANT DOBBINS
Why does this announcer keep calling Jackson “Murray “
"Someone tell the announcer that this is... the ""other"" black QB I guess????? Jesus"
Marks Andrews goes “WEEEEEE!” when anybody else would be freaking out or injured in that position
Back to back pass plays. Wtf are you doing Roman?
Why the fuck is Gus Edwards lined up out wide
How is the offense this bad against the fucking bengals
Murray on the move again
Again murray
Murray Counter : #3
"Damn, 10/10 on the flip, 10/10 on the slide"
Murray counter: 5
Murray #4
How has the other announcer not covered his mic and been like “this is lamar fucking jackson get his name right”
MANDREWS!!!
MURRAY TO ANDREWS
Murray for 6!!!
Mandrews carried the whole drive lmao
Touchdown LAMAR MURRAY!
IS GREG GUMBEL A KYLER MURRAY FANATIC?
Murray to Andrews for the TD!
MAndrews coming up big wow
Mandrews is HOT!!
Idk what everyone is thinking but this might be the best quarter of football I’ve seen this team play this season. Well done boys
Mark Andrews is the only player allowed to catch TD passes this season.
Some one tell the other commentator it’s Murray not Lamar Jackson. Smh newbs
"Kyler Murray to  Mark Andrews for the TD, what a great pickup by the Ravens, definitely needed at the QB position."
"Someone needs to be on the play clock next drive, that was close again. But beautiful throw to Andrews. Also that was blatant PI"
that was a really nice play by Lamar
"Lamar Jackson and Kyler Murray did the fusion dance this weekend, you guys haven't heard? Obviously Gumble has"
"Fuck the *new Jake from State Farm*

All my homies hate the *new Jake from State Farm*"
Lamar Murray's knee probably bothering him a little too.
Happy for the TD. Not a fan of a few of Lamar's decisions.
That does make me smile
AJ GREEN JUST WATCHED
INTERCEPTION!!!!!! MARCUS MURRAY WITH THE PICK!!!!!!!
"hell yes!!!! Pressure, interception!"
MURRAY.. TURNING THE CORNER..
Wow Lamar is getting zero yards running outside
How is he STILL calling him Murray??
Someone tell him it’s Jackson!!!! Geez
Murray. Again.
So thats what having a decent blitz feels huh
"Murray drops back, passes to Murray"
"""Murray"""
MURRAY
That's #8 on the Murray counter
Wtf is all this shit about Murray in a Ravens thread?
Is Gumbel mixing up Lamar with Kyler?
We gotta push for this ass announcer to get fired and I’m dead serious
That was kinda weak. I wasn't aware of that offsetting penalty rule
"We only seem to be doing one designed run with Lamar Jackson, and it's just not really working, need to get more creative"
Dunlap is a clown
Sometimes it looks like Jackson's passes actually get lift.  Like they're on a flat trajectory and the after about midway rise up.
Think we should trade the Saints for Latavius Murray?  Maybe kick the tires on DeMarco Murray?
Marc Andrews is doing great so far!
"""How about another joke, *Murray*?""

That's all I can think of when Greg Gumbel calls Lamar Jackson, ""Murray""."
"MAndrews is about 2 years from being my all time favorite Ravens Tight End. Heap has the nostalgia, but god he’s a beast"
#TOUCHDOWN MARQUISE MURRAY!!!
"Just talking about Andrews, now our boy Hollywood getting it going."
MURRY TO HOLLYWOOD
Hollywood!!!
They must've told gumble during the commercial that it's jackson
Hollywood Fitzgerald
Nice catch by Steve Smith Jr
So much for Hollywood not having a TD
Finally hollywood gets a td
Gonna be another blowout
Credit to the Bengals they have focused on the run and have done a good job. Problem is they listened to the pundits about whether Lamar could throw or not.
Lamar Murray to Antonio Brown for his first TD of the year!
18 straight quarters with a score.
Jesus judon really does suck
Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray
So many missed sacks
I was about to say Judon won his one on one....then i realized it was against a TE.....and STILL didnt finish
Ferguson is really getting better at setting the edge
Ferguson looking good today too what is going on
Quickly growing tired of Judon.
GOD DAMMIT JUDON
It kills me that we could have signed clowney if we just let judon walk
Wink feast on rookies
KILLA QUEEN
Queen fucking rocked him
PATRICK QUEEN
"Judon......

facepalm"
Yasssssss queeeeewwn
Lowkey feel bad for Burrow. Why draft a QB with a high school O-Line?
Killer Queen has no weaknesses!
You can tell that shit was personal too lmao he didn't even attempt to wrap him up. Straight up old school POP
RIP joe
The balls is ours bitch
That hit from Queen was disgusting. Sheesh.
"Damn queen with the triple crown sack, FF, and FR"
I really don't get the hype behind Judon. The only time he wins his matchups is when he's either unblocked or on a tight end. That coupled with all his stupid penalties makes him not worth the huge extension he wants.
What was that throw?? Did it get tipped?!
Is it me or is seeing other qbs in the afc north getting hit by us pretty cool
"Baltimore Ravens, world renowned passing attack"
"Ah yes, a 1-yard pass to Nick Boyle on 3rd and 7"
I HATE THIS PLAYCALLING
But why Lamar.
Damn Lamar gets too excited on those
Is there a reason we aren't running the ball?
Ahh Lamar had him easily
Was that a GRo call or a Harbaugh call? Cause wtf
"i feel like i just watched myself playing madden, going for it on 4th and 6 while up 17 is....questionable to say the least."
honestly what the fuck happened to lamar's accuracy beyond 10 yds?
"Not impressed with the passing game. It’s like we are running random plays instead for running offense. And where is the running game? We are up 17, run the ball and throw off playaction."
"Baltimore is a running based team

Greg Roman: THAT MEANS PASS IT RIGHT???"
We’re getting cute dammit
Literally any time this team gets an offensive penalty Roman refuses to run it. Every 1st and 15 so far this year had passes.
Zero complaints with the defense today. We are MURDERING their offensive line
Cincinnati's Oline is AWFUL
"Burrow is a millionaire but I do not envy him on this day

Edit: current millionaire"
burrow is getting hit left and right lmao
So Rich tell me more about field position
Another sack? This is confusing
Burrow hasn't played like a rookie all year up until this game. Feels good to see the defense finally he the ones to shut him down.
This is not a “hold the ball for 5 seconds before you throw it” kind of o-line!
Hey guess what? I still like the call to go for it.
Nice rush by Bowser
Iggles tie the Steelers! the Steelers D is definitely overrated
Burrow should have pulled a Eli
Gus is so good.
Start the bus
Lamar what the hell were you thinking with that
"Lamar, that shit has to be out of bounds.  Jesus Christ."
can we pls start giving it to Dobbins more often
Nice job Roman. Keep passing asshole
"Gus wasnt this good last year right? I remember getting frustrated at him a few games last year idk

His improvement has been crazyyy"
Look at Morgan Cox bringing returners down!
can we like run more? were we not the best run offense of all time statistically?
Wasted possession
"Our offense looks so stale, cmon guys this bengals D is bad to say the least"
"We were running good on that drive...until we stopped running. Wtf Greg, your fucking things up!"
Burrow is seeing purple ghosts out there
I love that Wink knows the blitz is a Cincy weakness and just continues to put that pressure on.
We're a little dreary in here so can we notice our run defense seems to be legit again after being pretty mediocre for a while?
I need at least 3 on this drive. Thank you
Hell of a run.
"Honestly, I'm glad they aren't running. We could be up by another 20 by running probably but that isn't going to help us come play offs. We've seen how bad the game gets when teams take away our running and that is going to happen during the play offs. We need to get our passing game going. Obviously it's not going great but we should use these games to develop it rather than just win by something we are good at. It's not good to be one dimensional, so it's good to use a game like this to develop a deficiency."
Damn Hollywood gotta hold that!
Holy fucking shit!!!! Why are we not using JK dobbins! He's so fucking good
Wtf...
Jesus christ dude
We have to seriously consider giving dobbins ACTUAL carries.
And that ball is complete😆
what a completion by lamar murray
"SIGH. Roman, Lamar, O-Line..."
Decision making Lamar... Looking rough out there at times
Just run the fucking ball
We need Lamar back idk who this Murray guy QBing is.
Is burrow going to die out there??
Holy fuck bruh can we please rush the ball god damn Roman
FUCK. YOU. GREG. ROMAN. YOU. ASSHOLE
HAND IT OFF TO DOBINS AND EDWARDS
"Just give gus the ball the rest of the game, this is sad"
"4th interceptable pass of the game for lamar. 3rd one right to the defender. He has never had a game this bad in this respect. 

He isn't seeing the field at all."
McPhee is having an awesome game
I get the whole point of passing up 17 is to build Lamar’s confidence but what the fuck.
Who the hell was lamar throwing that to
This 1st half has felt like its dragged on for ages
I'm really upset we wasted Dobbins's little mini-beastquake run.
Queen just erased Gio
Not the worst day for Lamar to have a bad day.
Apart from Andrews and Brown we have no other receiving threat and it’s showing
Can someone take these announcers to a retirement home please?
The D is carrying us right now. The offense better show up.
Our offensive line is so bad without yanda
I absolutely hate this announcer. Bengals D has down a great job apparently and Joe Burrow needs more help.... Can you give the winning team credit for anything??
"Damn, Bengals called a timeout just to give it up easily. 😂"
61 here we go
darn
Honestly our offense was pretty bad that half.
Lamars gonna let his hair out and turn this season around. You watch
4.7 yds a pass yikes
"With how dominant the defense has been, even slightly competent offense would've put the Ravens up by like, 30 points."
Roman avoids giving Dobbins more touches like its a disease
My favorite thing about that half was only 1 play call for Lamar to run the ball. It needs to be occasional elite weapon not a staple of the O imo
What kind of cheat code wizardry is Harbs using to keep his glasses from fogging up with two masks on
Lamar has been off since the chiefs game
"The other issue seems to be our route concepts always require 3+ seconds, where are the slants and crossers"
Orlando having a major slump this year
"Good to see we made halftime adjustments we obviously needed... Oh wait, no we didnt"
Man Lamar off and our line can’t seem to block even for a second
You're up 17-0. No need to play hero ball deep in your own territory Lamar.
Gotta go young with coordinators eventually.
Accuracy is off and he's hesitant.
"Boykin stepping up would fix a lot of our offensive issues. The only reason we send Hollywood on so many deep routes is because he's our only deep threat at receiver. If Boykin could actually play a deep ball, it'd open things up for Holly and Duve underneath to get some serious YAC"
That pass rush today tho
Holy fuck what a hit
I almost feel bad for Burrow. He’s getting brutalized back there.
Only 4 sacks? It feels like way more than that
Lol Bengals line is the worst I've ever seen
Let's get 6 - who says no?
Deshon Elliot is one of my favorites. He always seems to get some big hits off
I'm worried about Jackson's mobility with this knee thing
PLEASE GREG RUN THE BALL
"Lamar needs help, man. Hollywood just isn't a true separation WR"
Remember when we would run the ball for a 9 minute drive?
"Duvernay is fast AF and is reliable, why tf don't we give it to him more often"
We need to give Duvernay way more looks
"“Why do I keep saying Murray?”

I dunno cause you’re senile?"
Murray strikes again!
"Murray’s decision making since the chiefs game has been spotty , feel like he’s lacking confidence"
That holding call was sus
We dont know Gumbel we dont know
Horrible holding call
Man I don't like that holding call. Hands inside and still driving back.
There we go Lamar!!! Turn tf up
Marquise breaking off a piece.
Holy cow Gus just took out Reader?!
Someone needs to tell the announcer to lay off the booze before the game
Honestly offense looks like absolutely trash.
Out of the way ref!!!! Lol
The fact that nobody can get open is pathetic
Where is our offense?
lamar plz scramble for one one of these damn drives
I would've liked to see Lamar run to the right there I think it was open
I really dont think Lamar is the problem all 3 receivers were stacked in the same spot just 4 8 and 12 yards up field
If our receivers can’t get open scheme them open ffs
kinda looks like we’re not trying feels like practice
This is the worst announcing job I’ve seen in a long time
Shit I forgot AJ Green even existed
I hate to say it but Willie Snead should not be the 2nd best WR on any NFL team
"Lamar could have and should have taken off there. He seems to be really hesitant on running this year. That’s fine and all but....uh....we don’t exactly have a solid reliable group of WRs yet...

Use your legs a bit more Lamar . Please? I like it when you stunt on hoes with your leg"
We're in this gam bc of the D.  Our offense needs to get in synch.
12 carries by the RB and 2 by WR. Nice job Roman
I'm newbie. Can someone explain me why Lamar doesn't scramble as often as last year?
That route combo on 3rd down was trash as well. WR's stacked on top of each other.
So good at BALL EXTRACTION!
I’m liking our defense much better than our offense this year
"Roman: Hmmm, the passing game didn't work? Better call another..."
Lamar got to scramble more
Does Lamar ever take any snaps under center??
They look like a pack of wolves tryna get that ball...I love it!
Wink's play calling has given Earl Thomas and Marcus Peters the first sack in their careers. Exotic.
Look what happens when we run the ball...
Lol. LOOK AT THAT! Running the football works! xD
Hey guys ITS A RUN GAME
"Wow, maybe we should try this running thing more"
Elite dragon just ran for a first
31st in passing. That's all we needed to see folks. Roman ain't it
"For real? What is wrong with these commentators. This guy didnt run all day. They just saved this up untill he would finally run, didnt they?"
"31st ranked passing attack...

Also when did roman have hair??"
What the absolute fuck
That was 3rd down? Wow.
Lol what the fuck was that
Boykin is like Randy Moss... takes off plays....but none of GOAT stuff
Tucker missed a 61-yard FG. Are we concerned????
"How is this announcer blaming lamar for that, lamar saw a 1 on 1 with no one overtop and a big reciever. Boykin stopped running his route"
A bit disappointed with our offense right now but we’re winning who cares
"The RUN is working every single time and yet we keep passing, please stop"
Why is Judon playing Safety on that play?
So now announcers are actively cheering for a team as plays unfold? Lol
I want Judon to succeed so much. But man... every game seems worse
Judon offside again
The Browns gave up 30 to these guys at home with fans so there’s that
Man Las Vegas holding their own against KC
It feels like Burrow has been hit EVERY SNAP.
Tbh if Roman wants a HC job after this season i will do back flips with excitement get em outta here.
"Kinda feel bad for burrow, dudes getting killed"
Our DBs have more sacks than our LBs and linemen
"i swear i'm still hearing that horrible ""ooooooooooooooooo"" person from the recorded crowd noise audio"
Bengals O-Line flat out cannot handle it
My man Humphrey
Marlo energy is the best kind of energy
We should be up at least 45-0 right now with this defensive effort today
Time for Murray to hand the ball off.
Hahahaha what the fuck
"Yea we’re up 20-0 but it doesn’t look good. Offense looks horrible, passing when we should be running, receivers can’t really get open. Not gonna beat anybody with the 31st ranked passing game in the nfl. If it wasn’t for our defense, they would probably be in the game."
WHY DO WE KEEP THROWING FOR THE LOVE OF GOD STOP
Just wtf Lamar
Sigh. Another pass. WTF. CALL A RUN PLAY! >:(
Cincy has given up.  Just run the ball.
Lamar would have legit 5 interceptions in this game if the Bengals held on.
"For the people upset with our offense, think about how great the defense is playing and be happy that our offense doesn’t have to be playing good for a game like this. Hopefully this is just a fluke."
Something is wrong with Jackson for sure. Honestly looks like he's throwing to defenders on purpose sometimes
All these TV shows look like absolute pants. Jesus Christ.
Lamar been.... interesting today
What the fuck is going on
GREG ROMAN. YOU ARE A STUBBORN ASS
What the fuck is lamar doing
Feels like Koch is doing great in the punt game.
We need to keep Lamar in the game blow out or not
What kind of run call was that shit
They completely neutralizes our passing game
Bowser setting the edge real good
I’m glad we’re winning but can we just end this already?
"Bengals offense: - @greggrosenthal

7 first downs

7 punts

7 sacks of Burrow"
7 sacks lol
"There has to be something in Lamars mental this past off season that has rattled him. He looks to be less efficient passing and less elusive running. It doesn't look like the ability isnt their, looks like a mental block or something. I swear if ABs awful attifude put a curse or got in his head this summer... I won't go there yet. Just hope things start to click soon 🙏🙏"
"Lamar is having a bad game but as an OC your supposed to set him up for success. If he's injured why have him throw 40 times with a sub par O-Line? Our pass game cannot stand on its own legs, so lets throw it despite having one of the worst WR cores in the league??"
#YAAAAAAS QUEEN YAAAASSSSS
This D is FIRE today!
Defense playing lights out man
DROY Patrick Queen. Dont @ me.
Offense deserves to walk home after this game
Hump is a fucking punching machine
Defense has truly been something else today 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Did Marlon strip that? Holy shit lol
100 million dollar man
Marlo and Queen!
Those punches are heat seeking missiles
DROTY
Marlo AGAIN with the punch!!! Holy shit!
FRUIT PUNCH
FRUIT PUNCH 🥰🥰🥰
Marlon “Peanut Tillman” Humphrey
yasss queen
"Damn love this D.  Was giving up on this game bc th O is so frustrating to watch, but man th D is making this game exciting"
Love how sizzle’s impact can be seen in our DBs forcing fumbles 247
Ok time to bring in the b team
Defense killin it in fantasy today!!!
Hell of a play by Humprehy.
HOW MANY KNOCKOUTS IS THAT THIS YEAR 4?
YASSSS
Genuinely time to begin the Marlon for DPOY campaign.
Dana white boutta gift Marlo a ufc contract with that right hook
We are witnessing marlo evolve the cb position
"If the D wasn’t playing this good, I’d have stopped watching already"
Marlon with the reach around?!
"It usually takes the offence to take longer to get on the same page, this is concerning obviously but let’s remember we had 0 preseason games and it took us time to build up momentum on offence, stop panicking and let’s just hope it improves. Missing Yanda clearly held a massive part and Romans calls haven’t been too great either."
Mixon is good.
Run defense has been solid
Humph should be a supe in the third season of The Boys. He punches people into different dimensions.
Did Gumble just say he needs to apologise to cock?
The Iron Cock Defense
Nooooo they're gonna score
Steelers fumble?
One thing I do not miss about the Flacco era is constantly getting Greg Gumbal as our play-by-play.
Grateful to the Bengals for just running this out.
Man. Announcers really trying to hype up Burrow this game like he didn’t panic at all...
Why is Hollywood returning kicks?
Uhhh can we not have our only competent receiver returning kicks?
"Nothing worse than the field goal at the end of a shutout. Why not give your offense a shot to hit the end zone. People say it’s job security, but I feel like it’s even more reason to fire the coach."
Eagles missed the FG. Ugh!
PHL is useless.
"Listen ... some of you are truly spoiled, as if the Steelers aren’t struggling against Philly right now"
"What. In the fucking world.

OK, enough. Need to call it how we see it at this point. Lamar is playing like absolute ass right now. He doesn't even look like the same guy. I'd expect that kind of 3rd down throw from, say, Darnold."
"Is... uh... anyone else getting concerned by lamars deep ball?

Please someone tell me it was just a bad throw"
Those 2 days of missed practice are looking kind of noticeable for Lamar
This offense is still great don’t get me wrong but they are just inconsistent so far. They look stale at times.
Lamar's knee must actually be injured. I notice he's actually not running today.
Our two biggest offensive plays were from Duvernay and Dobbins who have each touched the ball like twice. What in the fuck is Roman doing this season?
Bruh were up 17-0 in a division game. The fact that we blew out the browns as badly as we did was incredible. We’re fine
Hollywood could've gotten another 5 yards there. Can't be that afraid of contact.
We can admit the Flacco era was much worse than this but also admit that the offense needs to play better for when we play tougher opponents! Love being up by 17 but you can’t be content when going for a ring
Still 20-0 guys
"Lamar overthrew Boykin. That pass was not even close to catchable. Yeah, I'd like to see him make an effort, but that was 100% on Lamar."
Pull Lamar and put RgIII in
There you go guys. 3rd & 2. We ran it and got nothing.
Sign AB!!!!!
I love this team but this offense is absolutely disgraceful.
STEELERS D IS SO OVERRATED
"As much as I just want this dumb dreary game to end, can't fault Harbs for wanting to show his guys he cares and will fight for every inch. Also doesn't hurt to see who can bring it on 3rd and short."
This announcer is such a moron. How much time would Burrow have with 4 blitzing. Dumbass
"We gave up 3 points? This defense is trash.

/s"
Wtf Lamar? What an awful first half by him. Much worse than the stats.
But Lamar has me worried now. Hasn’t looked good all season. Looks like we’re trying real hard to make him a pocket passer to “prove” all the doubters that he could. Not the mans game. We need way more run option plays. That’s how we kill teams. When that end dive in on our Rb Lamar keeps it and kills them. Keeps defenses stacking the box then we kill them with play action. We’ve gotten away from our identity as an offense
Lamar used to be a better passer.
Worst rush defense in the league. Pass 75% of the time.
This was one of very few times where I disagreed with going for it on 4th. Bad coaching decision. We had an opportunity to pin them deep
Everyone here is bashing Roman constantly but he's not making these awful throws that miss open receivers.
Dobbins should be in at RB whenever possible. He’s more dynamic than Ingram/Gus Bus. Gives Lamar another safety valve with Mark Andrew’s.
Roman has to run the ball wtf is this man doing
"Blatant opinion:

Every snap that Ingram gets over Dobbins or Edwards is a lost snap."
"It feels like NO ONE is developing or improving in these games. Haven't learned anything new and Lamar isn't looking any better. Raven games are getting boring. I wanna see Dobbins get more than 2 carries a game, give Duvernay and Boykin a look.

We can beat up on bad teams all day but we need to find good players to help us beat the Titans and Chiefs."
"#PROTECT LAMAR JFC.

O line is so trash. If that knee injury is bad we can't risk him scrambling like that"
Did Snead just give up on the play before the ball was thrown....
Y'all need to chill. Look at Lamar's W/L record since he became a starter.
"That's an illegal bat penalty, not that the refs know the rules"
"terrible overthrow, what kind of route Boykin?!"
Flacco with another ELITE Td
I'm convinced andy reid or bellichick has a voodoo doll of Roman. Only way to explain Roman's moronic play calls
"Flacco scrambling for first downs and throws a TD!!!

I miss him (don’t get this twisted)"
Entire defense (except judon) are players of the game
Fire Roman clown 🤡
Roman is frankly an idiot. Lamar can't throw that. But he shouldn't be in the position to have to throw that
"This is embarrassing. It's pretty clear that Lamar's not 100% today, so WHY DO THEY KEEP CALLING PASS PLAYS xD"
AJ green need to tell Harbaugh to come get him
"these announcers giving Lamar lot of credit here, he didn't play well today"
Lamar has had a very pedestrian year so far. What’s up?
Please just trade Judon already. He's so fucking bad
Let’s gooooooo
Mekari starting at RG 👀
I just want a Hollywood TD today
Lol my stream has cincinnati commercials... But it's working well... Do I switch or suck it up...
SPOILERS: They're gonna throw screens
Look at Calais Campbell standing there a head taller than the other really large guys.
I am not liking these broadcasters they sound like they are falling asleep right now.
Was that a sack?
anyone got the live stream?
That's why you play him and not boykin
DUVARNEY GOT WHEELS BABY!
Fucking hell that kid is fast
Duvernay is fast 🔥
What a deceptive toss by Lamar
More duvernay please and thank you
Duvernay is fast.
Great play call!
Duvernay has got some wheels on him
I like that Duvernay guy
That blocking on Duv’s run was fucking perfect. He didn’t even have to make anyone miss
I wanna see more of the rookies at WR this game.  Lets see what we got!
Hopefully our line is a lot better with Stanley back
That’s the play calling I knew Roman had just never uses
It felt like Lamar threw that too late like that was an anticipation throw.
Right down middle. In Tuck We Trust
Lamar please don’t do that all game
We gotta use Duv more
Bizarre choice by Lamar there. Couldn't see who was cutting open inside but a leading throw there and that's an easy first down.
"These commentators really try to jynx Tuck. You could hear the inflection in that fucker's voice, trying to cast his gypsy spell"
Well at least we have Tucker
Fucking hate when we throw on first dammit
Lamar’s habit of tossing it up to Mark cost us there. Duvernay was open
Offense seems to have more energy than the last few weeks. Lamar seems to want it a little too much. He’ll settle in here
"Lamar makes bad throws: ""Why aren't we running!""

Because the guy is going to have to get the passing game going eventually or we are going to be one dimensional."
I'm surprised to see Mekari get the start at right guard over D.J. Fluker. Like is Fluker that bad at this point?
if we gonna throw on first dont fucking run on second and make it a hard third. Greg Roman is ass on god
Teams pick us apart with short throws over the middle. We have to throw for 20+ every time.
Does our zone defense just suck? It seems like all QBs find gaping holes to hit.
"I don't think I have ever seen the Ravens run zone successfully, lol. Dudes just wide fucking open."
"Im hoping Roman gets a head coaching offer next year, and leaves. Im sick or his shit."
Fucking ass pass rush
How do they have wide open receivers and ours continue to seem smothered?
Looked to me like they were holding Elliot on that or it would have been a sack.
Lmao. Slippery mf
This is where you bitch slap a rook
"Credit where it’s due, nice job escaping by Burrow"
At least it’s 4th down but that could’ve been a huge gain here.
"classic ""get pressure but don't sack"""
FUCK OFF THE FIELD
Marquise is so afraid of contact.
Yeah... don’t ever call that play again.
Saw that getting nothing at the start
Hollywood making too many business decisions for the level hes at
Screen to Brown what a stupid play
Roman gets too cute early in the game. We need confidence building plays early on..
As soon as I cast doubt on Hollywood lol
Hollywood's helmet looks so big on him. Bobble head
"Jesus Christ, all these deep shots haven’t been getting anything"
Hollywood needs to bulk up
This is Duvernay's game. I can feel it
We need to get Duvernay more involved in the pass game. Every time I type his name it autocorrects to being in all caps which is my reasoning
Duve king
Gus Bus sighting!
Duvernay already with more in this game than Boykin has for weeks basically
We do a lot of deep passes on 1st down which are always incomplete which leads to another passing play on 2nd and 3rd down which gets away from our strength.
Also it's starting to become apparent these bad team match ups are all about getting Lamar's arm up and ready
"Stout defense by the Bengals there. Even though we converted, I give them credit."
Gumble apparently thinks we're the Cardinals.
This offense is so sluggish
Andrews with the windmill lmao
Andrews landed the best way he could have lol
Textbook landing by Mandrews
These commentators are gonna make me fall asleep
Lamar this year hasn’t got anything running to the outside
Here comes Flip Andrews again
That flip was gnarly
3rd and 14 goddamn it
Shit commentators.
"Our offense keeps converting despite looking like shite, lol."
Seeing a 6’5 dude flip like that is something
Gumbel has a concussion
STOP CALLING HIM MURRAY YOU DUMBFUCK
Why does he keep calling lamar murray
"Something is wrong with Lamar, nothing close to a run yet for him"
Mandrews showed tf up today
omg these announcers blow fucking ass
LET GUS PUNCH ONE IN!!
Here comes Angry Llama
Wow I didn't realize we'd scored in every quarter this year so far. That's actually kinda nuts
"These announcers have no chemistry. It's not that what they're saying is particularly awful, but there's no synchronization. Those long pauses, the lack of connection between their calls, no playing off of each other whatsoever, they've got nothing. It's like listening to two people commentating from inside a box where they can't hear the other guy, they just have a light that tells them when it's their turn to talk."
What's up man where is gus
Hey GRo we do have Gus and Dobbins you realize right?  Fucking dipshit
How can we not run it in here?
We just called a timeout and they didn’t go to a commercial. Thats weird.
Boiii
Great TD pass by Murray (6 times now)
"Murray counter: 6

I think he's having a stroke"
Maybe we been throwing cause we can't run as well as last year.
Murray Andrews!
"You’d think his partner would correct him. Nah, “let him bury himself” the color guy says."
Murray with the touchdown pass
He was holding him all along too lol
Dude is gonna lead the league in touchdown receptions this year
Dawg Mandrews always freaking COMES ALIVE in the redzone haha
That was a dart of a pass.
Still f*cking got it!
"I’m about to head over to M&T and bang on the gate asking to see Gumbel.... TELL HIM
ITS MURRAY TO SEE HIM!"
Has Dobbins got any touches?
Lamar better watch out. I hear this Murray kid is pretty good
Mandrews: Mr. Reliable.
Weirdly he only says Murray when he’s passing but says his name properly otherwise.
Really clear hold on Andrews on the TD. Glad he was able to power through
Ingram looks like he fell off a cliff this offseason
"""Murray with the pass and it's Murray with the catch in the endzone! Here comes Murray on to kick the PAT. Murray with the hold. And it's good! Murray!"""
I want a few big hits on burrows. Give him a real welcome to the afc north
LET'S GOOO JUICE MAN
Peters with that pick!!
MARCUS PETERS
PETERS!!!! Peters? You good fam?
Pass rush: satisfactory
MP JUICEMAN!!!
Announcers playing the meow game from Super Troopers with Murray
the bengals are getting RG3ed at this rate
I told you Burrow would look like a rookie
STILL MURRAY
"Idk why, but Burrow doesn’t rub me the wrong way nearly as much as Mayfield does. He’s equally overconfident"
**MP**
Murray streak continues
They went to commercial and no one wanted to correct him?
Penalty is declined by rule? Is that new?
That was a light call
Why wouldnt the penalties offset?
Seeing some good flashes from Madabuike!
"Lol, it's the Lamar Andrews show today."
Where would we be without MAndrews
Lamar finding his stride again. Patience y’all
This man has said Murray so many times
You can tell Hollywood really wants a TD he usually celebrates with andrews on a TD but isn’t doing that
Lamurray
The Baltimore Murrays are looking good
That Murray to Andrews connection is fire
HOLLYWOOD!!! For his first of the year
HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOD
TOUCHDOWN HOLLYWOOD
Anyone think Lamars off this year????? ANYONE????
No rock paper scissors celebration I'm sad now
I hate not having a crowd man
Kyler now has 9 TD’s to 1 pick on the year
Lamar Murray
"I’m sorry Ms. Murray, I am fo reeeeal"
That Murray guy. He's good 👀
SOONERS LEGEND
Hollywoods headband is fire
Joe Mayfield has not looked great
"Meanwhile, Flacco is 5 for 8 for 34 yards, in the 2nd quarter. 😤"
So awkward watching Flacco hand off to Bell.
Judon feast when he’s against TEs or unblocked
"Judon struggles to finish sooo much, it is unreal"
FUCKING SACK HIM.
I'm low-key glad Judon didn't get that sack lol
I can already tell Imma hate Burrow like I do Ben with this unsackableness
"Matthew ""Body Built By Taco Bell so I'm all greasy and can't get a sack"" Judon"
That's on Marlon. Also a good throw.
I despise tyler boyd
"Matthew ""I suck at getting sacks"" Judon"
Lmaooooo Deshon
Fucking judon bum ass
FUCK JUDON. ARE YOU KIDDING ME.
Judon is fucking gone
Keep 'em comming Joe
Here comes the Judon love train lol
Queennnnn
PATRICK QUEEN!! WHAT A PLAY!!!
"Judon forgiven, the fumble was better than the pick"
Queen!!!!!!
He got hammered!
Now we know who really carried LSU hahaha
I'd like to get hit from behind by Queen
God I love Patrick Queen
Burrow is going to get himself killed
Buddy got blasted lmao
Burrow might end up in concussion protocol with how his head snapped.
The Defense talking a lot of shit today
QUEEN DONT GIVE A FUCK
Better field position than the int anyway
Bowser is athletic af
FUCK YEAH BEAT HIS ASS!!!!!
Now is the time to stick the dagger into their hearts.
Tiger on tiger friendly fire 😉🥰
Guys... I feel bad for Burrows...
BURGER QUEEN
You love to see former college teammates involved in plays together. Especially in their rookie year.
bUt tHeY wErE tEamMaTes!!
The fuck kinda throw was that?
Did that get tipped? Jesus
Are you all fucking blind or dumb? It was tipped... Lmao
Do Willie Snead and Miles Boykin even exist?
I've seen a few bad snaps today
Man I think receiver had inside leverage down field.
mannnnn overthrown
"But

But why tho"
We got 4 yards after a takeaway lmao.
4 passes in row Roman. WTF are you doing? Why'd they even go for it at all?
Whyyyy
I know we’re up but of these throws are way off
???? what the fuck was that drive????
Should have been Koch
"Well, that was a sad series.

False start (typical for us whenever we try to hard count).

3rd down with no shot.

4th down bad overthrow."
It’s not a bad play call at all if Lamar hits it’s a huge play
Play calling looking sus again
"Last year was the first year I completely had confidence in a Ravens offense. Now that I expect it, it’s so much more frustrating than before"
Geez Louise you guys are so spoiled because we had one drive we didn't score on
The most obviously fucking hold
LJ needs to throw to get better at it. This is his preseason. We got to iron shit out by doing it.
Burrow looking like Dalton today.
"Wow look at that, old man McPhee got a sack while Judon is struggling against TEs"
Their O-Line must be sooo bad if our D-Line looks legit
Wow they need a new O line
I'm taking bets right now. Burros is not going to be able to walk for a week after today.
Beat his ass to destress from the previous weeks man
I wish we could face Bobby Hart every week.
I thought bengals fixed their oline this year
"I just figured it out, the announcer thinks OUR QB is Kyler Murray?"
Gus up the middle is an automatic 7 yards why are we just now seeing him?
They have the worst OL I think I've ever seen. Jesus.
"Gus should we be the starter, Ingram for passes/relief"
The fact that Burrow was able to get consecutive games with over 300 passing yards with this oline is impressive lol
"Lol, Roman's woken up. It's over for the Bengals now"
Burn the clock till the end of the half.
Gus edwards' hair looking nice this year
There’s still 5 mins left in the 2nd lmao.
Are we just not playing Dobbins?
Some more designed run for Lamar would be a change.
Burrow is going to have purple nightmares tonight
The way I see it the D has this on lockdown so they are treating this like a preseason game.
Play out music to commercial from The Wire...perfect.
This D is suffocating
Bro the Steelers and Eagles are tied
Defense came to WIN today!!
Props to Wink. He shook Burrow there so hard he couldn't hit an open guy like 2 yards away.
Lmao is that the Wire tune?
Seeing Alex Smith play is amazing
THATS WHY YOU PLAY DOBBINS BABY
Wait were actually good at running the ball when we try it? Incredible.
#JK ALL DAY
DOBBINS
What a run by Dobbins!
"J.

K.

DOBBINS!"
"I really, really like Dobbins."
DOBBY IS A FREE ELF
"Less carries for ingram, more for dobbins."
Lamar has missed a couple but also had defenders make great plays on two passes
GIVE THIS MAN THE BALL MORE
That pass is NOT complete Gumbel you fucking moron.
"What in the world Lamar, so dumb"
TERRIBLE fucking pass wow
"Love the shot to Hollywood, idk why we didn't run on 2nd"
"Sadly, he freaking earned that. Should have been his third by now."
Ah it was tipped. Watch the replay
Was that tipped ??
Who was that pass to?!!?
These announcers suck.
commentator sniffing glue
Why are we taking the ball away from the run game for no reason?
“Pass completed by Lamar Murray” who the fuck is this announcer lol
To be fair it WAS tipped
The Ravens are going full jail break on Burrow and he's shook
That was just a bad play on all parties. Surely EDC sees that we will not be next level elite as long as we have Greg Roman right?
If we would play to our strengths instead of throwing every damn play
Irrespective of the result of that play (unlucky tip) where has the run game gone in this offense? Do we not run the zone read anymore? It’s like we’re playing with an arm tied behind our backs
Fuck yeah get back out there Lamar!
"One of our special teams guys was down holding his knee.  Didnt see the number, but looked in pain."
Fucking run the ball and stop calling trash pass plays.
Proche looked slow there.
So what kind of play calling would our passing offense execute? Do we need another TE?
"Like why don’t we run more of these quick Hollywood throws, let him get some yac"
25 passes in the first half
Stanley not even blocking his man?
4 man rush is getting there INSTANTLY. Lamar has been bad but shit!
"I haven't been able to watch every Ravens game this year, but can someone explain to me why JK isn't getting more touches? He looks to be the most explosive RB they have, and he's brought in *often* on passing plays so I can't imagine it's a pass blocking issue. What am I missing?"
At least they got one thing right this game about Tucker 🐐
I'm sad now
I still love you tuck
FUCK
"Glad we can at least give him a shot. Long shot, but a shot!"
It was close
holy crap he finally missed
Damn it.  Put a little too much hook on it
Awwww. Oh well.
"aight it was from 61 yards, its ok Tucker that's understandable"
Lamar mad he will kill them in 3rd quarter then RG3 will start the 4th
Plenty of room tho. If he had centered it I think it could be good from 65 imo.
Tuck IK you will drill the next 60 yarder I believe
"Impossible, Bengals must've used a giant fan or something."
"We should be up more but overall it was a good first half just a lot of mistakes on offense. We’re throwing way to much once again and luckily it hasn’t bit us in the ass but it will against better teams. 

We need to RUN. We had the most rushing yards in nfl history last year. RUN THE BALL"
We do not need to run the ball against the bengals. This is the team to practice throwing 40 times on. When crunch time comes against Chiefs we are more prepared
"Lamar has been very poor but the man missed two practices and judging by his IG story, it looks like he just lost a friend. I have complete faith in our guy."
I think Orlando is being exposed now that Yanda has retired. Need to go OL heavy in the next draft. (Player permitting)
jesus christ that should have been picked
I am worried
We have like infinite running backs but none are getting going at all. Seems like it's hurting us to have so many.
"I'd like to see us work on some quick-developing pass plays that we can pull out, like some screens or slants."
Man we need some WRs.....
Burrow’s speed is shocking
"Holy, the defense looks good today"
Deshon elliot wrapping up better than judon
Burrow getting tossed today.
Huber is their MVP
At least we got defense when our offense is shitting the bed
burrow will die playing for cinci good god
Roman must really see something in Boykin he always on the fucking field running lazy routes
#FINALLY DUVERNAY GETS THE BALL
How is that not a horsecollar lol
Can you fucking run the ball
He said Murray AGAIN
That's a horse collar no
Why do I keep saying Murray?  Lol
"smh he keeps saying murray, this is fucked up, at some point he needs to stop"
Called him Murray again
At least Duvernay has been a positive
That's a ticky tack call..
Lol even the commentator realises he's saying Murray...
lol how many times is gumble going to call lamar “Murray”
Why didn’t Hollywood try to juke a LB??
Hollywood looking good today baby.
I love how he calls him Murray during the play then calls him Lamar Jackson 5 seconds later
Just keep saying Murray fuck it lol
Lamar is not looking healthy based on that run
"sucks that that was called back, but it's nice to see a deception run playcall"
Looks like that guy got hit by a bus
Hollywood looks like Rick Moranis Dark helmet character from spaceballs.
Finally Lamar I'm used to. Defense never know whether he's gonna run or pass.
The only new thing I've learned from this game is the announcers suck
Whats the Murray count at?
Announcers bad. Duvernay good
"GET THE FUCK OUT OF THE WAY, BOGER"
No idea WTF Lamar was doing on that play.
Another pass play. WTF Roman. This is giving me gray hairs...
"Again, 2 receivers right next to each other, standing still."
Interference by the ref
"Run it Lamar, try and make something happen"
Or our receivers are unable to seperate...
Romans gotta go
Incompetent play calling. This game should be over by now.
That drive isn't on Lamar imo
35 attempts and we still have 20+ minutes. What is this game plan.
Looks like missing a couple days of practice has limited Lamar more than we thought it would
Marcus Peters Game MVP
I really wonder if we’re just experimenting with the play calling at this point
God bless our defense. One side of the ball is behind spectacular today.
Does burrow even know what throwing the ball away is ?
Fall on it lol
MP JUICEMAN
Wait that's illegal you cant bat the ball like that
The offense needs to wake the hell up
We need to be better about running more often but if Lamar can’t pick it up when we don’t there’s an issue
I hope we don't use this game as a reason not to add pieces to our defense
LET'S GO OFFENSE LET'S PUT UP ANOTHER 17 AND CLOSE THIS GAME
Ok put it away on this drive. Run on 1st and 2nd down please Greg.
"It's time for the 8-minute, 16 rushing attempt TD drive."
Ingram did something!
"So far, our defense is winning this game. Offense hasn't mustered much of anything since the 1st"
We’ve built plays to get Duvernay in space. Now do other wrs lol
It's as if running the ball is our strength
Anyone else see AJ green say “trade me?”
This is the way.
Hey Roman would you look at that? The run game works!
3 straight stupid passing play calls incoming.
Need a tall WR imo
Wow.  Who would have thought we could run the ball well?
"Wow, RUNNING THE BALL WORKS"
TRUZZZZZZZ
We run the ball so well I love it
u/GregRoman: see what happens when you run the ball?
It's like they didn't practice this week at all
I think Boykin may have been confused on the route there
Boykin is trash
Burrow seeing ghosts
“Make these corners compete” not sure that’s my advice against Marlo
28 consecutive games scoring 20+. 2nd most all time (most is 30)
Announcers cheer leaders for Bengals now
Lamar should really just ignore the fact that Boykins is on the field no point in even looking his way
Does Judson not like to wrap up?
Judon gifting another free down. WTF...
Judon has not been making plays.
"Yep, Judon again."
Still weird seeing someone wearing \#92 that isn't Ngata. I miss him
17 mil
Van Halen got me big sad
lol this is getting ridiculous.  their pass pro is straight garbage
Burrow just sitting down now lol
Fuck I *almost* feel sad for Burrow
Every single one of our DBs is a better pass rusher than Judon
Damn the Bengals need to get Burrow an oline to keep him alive
"At least Burrow didn't get hit that play, just went down, smart play"
Marlo our best pass rusher
Run ball eat clock.
"Cincinnati Matadors

Olé"
Eagles fucking suck come on man I want first place back lol
Use Gus Bus
Judon is really just out there running around
Burrow out here seeing ghosts
"FOR FUCK SAKES! We are up 20, RUN THE FUCKING BALL"
Jackson is straight up just not having a good game
It's a SACK PARTY! We now have 7 on the day. @ChuckC36 and @marlon_humphrey both get in on the action - @Ravens
Its raining so lets keep throwing!
This oline is not doing well. Lamar is getting tricked on easy stuff. Time to go back to the study room and practice field to figure this out
Lamar has looked sharp on some throws and totally off on others.  Inconsistent game today.
😞
Offense looks so asleep today
"Better be becuase Lamar is hurt 

&#x200B;

(and it better not be serious)"
"Good to see we had a day where defense picked up when the offense struggled. We have a lot to clean up on offense. Oline is struggling a bit, we need some faster developing plays. 

I don't get why we never ever run slants and let Hollywood catch and run away through the defense"
Roman needs to stop overthinking this game and hop on the Gus Bus
If this offense was alive today we would’ve been up by 50 or something
Fumble 6!
QUEEEEEEN ME!!
Marlon is a g
Muh Queen
#YES QUEEN
YAAAAAS QUEEN
The streak stays alive until next week!
The defense won this game.
MARLO PUNCH!
lol queen got more TDs than burrow
MARLON TOP 2 NOT 2
Humphrey punch again lol
Queen getting aallll the nice stats
#MARLON LFG YESSSS
DROY!
FRUIT PUUUUNCH
Defense is putting on a show
Patented Marlo Punch
Humphrey is Peanut Punch 2.0
Marlonnn PUNCH
"Humphrey is the G.O.A.T.




Change my mind"
Lol this game is something
Just got home. I am extremely pleased with this score and Marlon Humphrey is amazing. But I’m seeing tons of complaining posts? Is the score misleading? How had the offense looked?
"Eagles with 15 straight points against the steelers, only down by 2 now  👀"
Only Ingram has more yards on the ground than Queen. But Queen has a TD
Marlon going for the DPOY award. Move over TJ/Myles.
Honestly if the defense can just score and keep the offense off the field we might make it to the afc championship game.
And that's 20 straight quarters scoring points.
"As frustrating as this game has been at times, it felt nice to go back to the Flacco era for a game. Still need to fix our shit for next week though"
Anyone know how I can get an official black Marlon jersey?
So THAT'S how they save game balls for the players. Cool shot! The more you know.
"With how well our defense has been playing we should be up by 40, but NOOOOO.... Roman is allergic to running and Lamar is lost out there."
Philly is trying to make a game of it...
RG3 coming in on our next drive or they gonna make Lamar play it out?
Raiders up on the Chiefs
Does Lamar stay out for the last drive to try and work on some issues or are we gonna see RG3 for the rest of the game?
Marlon is a young Pat Tillman
"Philly game is gonna be interesting. Their team may be trash but their DL is lethal. They are going to see what cincy did (rolling coverage underneath, creeper blitzes) and will try to emulate it."
So what are the odds Hump wins dpoty and Queen wins Droty if they keep up their pace.
Calais Campbell is a grown ass man!
Burrow always just handing it off real quick now LOL he shook
Let’s go Raiders!
Fuck you Philly...
when did brown start returning?
Uhhhh we didn’t play the chiefs last week
Dude on the Raiders HAS to try harder to pick up that first. I get momentum and such makes it hard but he didn't even extend his arm.
Another stale passing game to start.
"On rushing - the Ravens’ lead rushers by carries are Gus and Ingram. They’re averaging less than 3.25 yards a carry. 

The Ravens are NOT a great run team this year. It’s not the same team and not the same OL. This isn’t last year."
The announcers just said groman deserves a lot of credit. I knew they were senile but that seals the deal
Who wants to start the fire Greg Roman petition?
"I think Lamar was hurt more than we were led to believe, and that makes his performance a bit easier to stomach."
"Roman, we just had a tremendous run, yet you insist on dialing up weird pass plays :("
"This is a game we need to try and get a passing game going. I want to run just as much as anyone, but at some point, we will need to fall on the pass, right now, that isn’t going to happen. Let’s use this game to try get it going."
Judon earning no contract rn
two straight takeaways lol. Glad we could cover for Judon sucking.
Lamar has overthrown receivers way too much this year. He really needs to work on these deep balls
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
Was a bad pass Andrews was opem
Can we start FUCKING BLOCKING so Lamar doesn't die jesus
Longsnapper getting a tackle nbd
"Roman's amnesia towards running is back. They run the ball with great success, but once again it gets abandoned. Why not keep running it?"
What is wrong with Lamar this year?
Lamar needs to have his memory of the titans and KC games removed. I think its fucking with him.
Oh shit 60+
We should be annihilating this team by 4 scores right now
We need a new kicker
"I never thought I'd be upset at a 3 score halftime lead but HO. LEE. FUCK. Roman is such garbage. with how the defense has played this should be at least a 4 score game. 

Ultimately it probably doesn't matter, I doubt cincy comes back here, but this is the sort of garbage you CANNOT allow against good teams. 

Greg needs to clean his shit up asap."
I honestly don't know who some of you are poo pooing a 17-0 shutout at halftime right now. Are all these people 2019 bandwagoners? I will take a comfortable halftime lead over any team in the NFL.
Terrible play calls lmao. You have all halftime and that's how you open?
"If y'all haven't already, listen to the Truss Levelz podcast with Mark Ingram and Cam Jordan. They had Hollywood on and it's a great interview about how his career started"
PLEASE SIGN ANTONIO BROWN
At this point we need to get a petition going to sign AB.
AB: yall need any wide receivers?
Ok can the dumb Ingram slander in this sub stop now?
"Running the ball effectively all drive, then you throw it deep on 3rd and 3? Eat shit come on man"
"Boykin played that like it was a run play. Lamar shotput it out of bounds so it wouldn't have mattered anyways.

Burn this tape."
I appreciate Jimmy trying to get a PI there
Nobody say anything bad about that pass or you’re just a hater!
"The thing that makes Lamar great is the fact that he is fast as fuck and illusive, but nah let’s not play to his strengths"
The run game is not good this year. It’s not a magic bullet that Roman isn’t using. They’re just not run blocking well at all.
Lamar is having his second “worst game of his career” in the last 3 weeks this is getting super concerning
We can keep the shut out if they aren't pussies and go for TDs
"Looks like 14-2 was an overachievement, not a standard"
27-0 is pretty good guys
This has to be one of the worst wins in a long time for us
"Man, Hollywood, take the fucking hit"
"Key to the game: Pressure Joe Burrow early and do not let him get into any rhythm

I don't want any rookie Mitchell Trubisky flashbacks today."
O/U on the Murray counter is 22. Any bets boys??
"Why the hell are we going for it? Up 17, put their backs to the goal line"
Is this commentator fucking cracked? Best play Andrews has made all day?!
"Looks like 2 rookie QBs today. 

Just bad decisions under pressure. Trying to make a play when the play is over. Smh. Lamar must have been reading his press clipings in between workouts."
Two minute drill let’s see some deep passes to Hollywood
"Lets call a spade a spade, the blocking isn’t good anymore. We need a speed back to take any hole we can get. Dobbins should get way more carries in this offense"
"Lamar now has more pass attempts at halftime than he should have had for the entire game. Makes zero sense. Averaging almost 8 yards per carry, but we continue to throw."
"13 total rushes and 29 pass attempts is the story of this game. They cant just transition to this. We need more runs, read options, and designed qb runs. Too much passing."
"So people are going to say/ or saying ""why is Lamar throwing so much? Just playing devil's advocate...the ravens running game is low key bad. They get a chunk of their yardage when up big, look at the stats from the previous wins. I, personality, think JK Dobbins is our best back for this current team and we should use him more (best receiving rb of the 3). Ingram looks old and our Oline just looks horrible at run blocking. I think coaches decided, if we lose its better to lose with Lamar throwing than out run game getting exposed."
"It just seems like any throwing play that's called Lamar literally doesn't have the time necessary for the pay to develop and is forced to do something with the ball or just get sacked 20 times a game. The o line has no protection for him to safely sit there and wait for these horrible calls to develop. He has 2 targets. The rest is just the actors who don't get a roll in the credits. It's easy to predict gromans play calls and to tell we just won't run the ball. Hence why it seems every defense gets deep in our backfield. Defense have become aware of what it takes to stop Lamar. And that's take away his team, and have 2 minimum linebackers watching him to step up to the line when he breaks out of the pocket. And groman has not done a thing to stop that or help."
WHY. ARE. WE. STILL. PASSING????
Stop saying Murray you fucking bum
Lol gus just destroyed that DT lolol
Pretty awful offense. It just feels so weird.
Might need a young OC next season because this is not it
FLACCO TD
"Oh look ma, another Judon special. One more for the hat trick"
This offense does not have the same magic as last year and that worries me
Queen capitalizes.
Or defense has scored more than their offence. Best D performance in a long time
These announcers racist af!
If our offense stuck to the actual game plan instead of trying to prove it’s a passing offense we could have had 50 points today.
"#TUCKER MISSED WHAT A SCRUB LMAO

/s"
People are acting like Lamar hasn't been regressing since the Texans game.
Lamar looks awful this year.
Lamar just not on point today.
Damn that was a stupid throw by Lamar
"Tin foil hat...

Lamars knee is more serious then the team is leading on and we are play calling accordingly?"
"Go figure Chase Claypool is balling out while Boykin is shitting the bed. How TF do we always miss on Wars while Pittsburgh hits?!?!


EDIT: WRs"
WAKE THE FUCK UP
"Some of the oline decisions this year have been interesting. Ravens really don’t like Fluker at guard, or do they just really want him to be their tackle depth? I get the depth point of keeping him in reserve, but if he can run block hard at Guard, it could be a better starting line potentially? Interesting to say the least"
"AJ Green has been quiet, let’s hope it stays this way.

He’s a Ravens killer!

I’d like to see Duverney get more looks today.

Should be a great game, hope the rain stays away"
Ask about the poop nate
I hope we win
*Ahem* Caw.
I’m excited. Football makes me happy.
"Found an unopened chrome cast sitting around the house that I got as a gift a while back. Decided to set it up, but it turns out you have to have iOS 12 or later to set it up and since I have an iPhone 5 I can’t even download that software. Pretty annoyed you can’t just set it up on your computer, but I guess it’s watching on the laptop for me today."
LETSSSSS GOOOOOO
2am game day lets go!
Why did we keep chris Moore just to inactive him every week
Fuck the bengals
[deleted]
"hi everyone!

have a good day!"
Wish we had on the purple jersey black pants combo. Truly one of the best ever.
Campbell towers over everyone lol
Good defense!!!
That's it right there!
Yo let’s get some sacks dline....please
Did Harbs catch Burrow’s out of bounds throw?
"Proche bailed out, lol"
OMG!!! That playcall was SWEET!!!
I am liking this playcalling.
Duve is our lord and saviour
He's fast yo
Run the ball!
K.o getting carted off in Kc
Duve got some damn wheels. I thought he was gone
I wanna see more duvernay on my screen
"Son, I am proud of you"
Goddamn it
Forgot Bynes when there lol why. Guess that’s the life of an nfl journeyman
Damn it man.
All I can see is that crazy left lean now when Tucker kicks
"trying way too hard to force the pass to work. If the run is working, do that shit until they stop it."
I see we are trying to be a pass heavy team early again.  Smh
Dev Duv was wide open there!
This offense just isn't clicking this year and they're still rolling over the teams they should roll over. Imagine what it'll be like if they get it together.
"We need to be finishing more of our drives, but I'll definitely take the points"
Feel like we're going to be using Tucker a lot more this year
We continue forcing the pass every week
"Like, is greg Roman just a big tease? Pulls out a run play for big then calls 2 throws that are just easily defended. I'm almost half expected to see a ""haha I've just been joking the first half"""
"Gus, jk, mark, Lamar, j hill, but nah let’s pass on 1st down"
Do people get the cutouts sent to them after the game?
The fuck is that big ass dude wide open?
I will never get over Tyler Boyd. Dude haunts me
Nice wheels
Proof Burrow is the Bengals
A good throw and that's an INT lol
I can't imagine what it's like running away from Calais Campbell...
So who's a realistic player we could add for consistent pressure?
Feels good to actually get consistent pass rush for once.
We better not play soft man or zone here.
good stop LFG
"Analysts have Queen as an excellent athlete that's having trouble learning his responsibilities at the position, but he flashes anyway. So i'm very excited for him"
Ew
That screen pass was so obvious lol
Lol Hollywood to scared to get yards
Really... swing pass to brown?!?! Is that the best Greg Roman has?!?!
Has passing to Marquise behind the LOS ever gotten us yards?
I am worried about Hollywood again. Avoids contact like he's hiding a rib injury or something.
That play should not go to Brown
Brown goes out of his way just so he won’t get hit...
Hollywood is eventually going to have to take contact. Like sometimes you need an extra yard or two. I've never seen him take on contact
Marquise beefed up but he still looks like a kid out there lol
That made no sense
There u go Marquise
"Hell yes, seems like forever since we've converted a third down with a pass"
Someone find Lamar's deep ball plz
RUN THE BALL
Lamar has awesome off-angle passes. GOTTA get that deep ball settled though.
Gain 6 yds on first down. Tjrow behind the line to our smallest offensive player. Come on GRo.
Duvernay has really found his place and I love it
First down runs set up 3rd and short all season last year.  Why have we abandoned this?
Pat Is 305 lbs?! What?!
Holy Fuck Andrews 😂😂😂
#AERIAL ANDREWS
Should have stuck landing -
I give it a 10/10
Jesus what a scary tackle
Lmaaaaaaao Andrews Got table topped
I 100% thought that ball was flying out on that flip lmao
That was scary looking
Run the god damn ball
Lamar gotta throw that ball away
DAMN Andrews
"We cant afford to have our TEs get hurt, we only got two lol."
I hate our passing game.
This offense just been looking out of sync the last few games
Mark Andrews with the crazy flip
We need to pipe in bullshit chants for when the refs throw flags.
He thinks he watching kyler Murray
Second and 14? Lets pass the ball. Why set up for a reasonable third?
"What the fuck, is this announcer drunk?"
Why the fuck does he keep saying Murray???
Mandrews came to play today thank god
"Damn, hell of a conversion there. Lamar had to sit in there and feel that pressure"
Wait shouldn’t that penalty call the play dead?
Lamar/Andrews!  Better combo than bacon and eggs.
Just me or has Lamar lost his touch on quite a few of these passes?
Ok u can stop calling him that now Greg
Slandrews!
MURRAY AGAIN
Slip that guy a note and tell him his name is Jackson
This offense just looks slow and hesitant
Someone get me this clown’s twitter and Im gonna tell him to put some RESPECK on Lamar’s name.
MANDREWS
Murray Ingram?  Owns a deli.
Harbaugh has been working on his mask game
Surprised he didn’t call him Kamara instead of Ingram...
I wish they would show more all 22 replays like that. Maybe people will get to see who’s actually open/not open instead of instantly blaming the QB. lol
TOUCHDOWN
#MANDREWS CAME TO FUCKING PLAY
"I love ingram, love him. But get Dobbins in here."
He did it AGAIN! It's not Murray
#MANDREWS
THE FLIPPER SCORES
MURRAY!!
Murray takes the snap
Thank God for Mark Andrews. Dude is so fucking great
ANDREWS OKAY
"A sloppy looking drive, but it paid off! :P"
Lol that's a man's catch
This drive was brought to you by MAndrews!!!!
And 1
"Actually it is Murray Andrews.  For us, though, we shorten it to ""MAndrews."""
MANDREWS
Gumble got my tired brain all confused rn
The Ravens just methodically choke the life out of opponents this year.
Mandrews with the TD!!!
Even with some intense interference Mandrews pulls it down.
That was a dot
"Steelers getting help down the field by the refs. What a joke 🙄

ALSO. MANDREWS!!"
Lamar looked so poised in the pocket
"God damn that guy was ALL OVER Andrews then, great throw and catch for the score"
"my best kicker in the league, just incase you were wondering.(;"
Yo who the bleep is Murray
Is Lamar Jackson/Murray a Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde type of thing?
BIG MAN PLAYS
Is it me or is Lamar's long pass not as good as it was last season?
"Lamar looks like he's struggled a little this year I'm finding the open receiver at the right time. A lot of times he's pulled back for a throw, pump pump pump, and then throws it into traffic. This TD isn't a perfect example, but it just seems like he's doing that a lot this year and it all seems to be related to being uncertain. Huge assumption and guesses obviously, but just an observation."
"Glad that Mike Andrews, Jason Tucker, Justin Hill, and Marvin Humphries finally have their leader for the blertimore footbirds: Lamurray Jackson"
The crowd noise is way too loud on CBS. Are there actual people there?
how long till this commentator calls burrow flacco
MP JUICEMAN
Did we just blitz marlon?? Tf we say about that
Peters!!!
MP JUICEMAN
Turnover streak stays alive
The QB pressure feeds Marcus Peters!
WHAT WAS THE WIDE RECEIVER DOING?
MP GRAPE JUICE MAN
thanks burrow 😂
#THE STREAK LIVES ON
24 is both the most exciting and most frustrating DB I've seen on the Ravens.
There it is
Pass rush that works create turnovers!
Best defensive quarter we've had all season. Actual pass rush 😍
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
galaxy brain lamar
What was Green doing?
AJ green playing like a Raven
"Okay, all joking aside what the hell is with the Murray nonsense, dude the reigning MVP and you don’t know his damn name"
Ok let's go Lamurray
lmao. Looked like Peters motioned for Green to block for him
Oh I thought he was hurt
Marcus peters is definitely living up to his boom or bust reputation this year
"Ravens Twitter is on top of shit.  No sooner had Peters caught the ball, did they have a tweet on it."
Big yikes by Burrow on that decision. That's the rookiest thing I've ever seen him do so far this season.
Jeez refs.  Figure it out
"Smart to throw that away instead of taking the huge loss... wish our failed end-arounds knew how to do that

[edit] guess the blocking means ineligible man downfield"
What is the Murray count
This guy loves Murray
Murray!
They don’t offset ??? Weird
How does he not know this is Lamar jackson? He doesn't have to look at his player number list to know it's Lamar jackson. Obviously his sheet says Murray for #8. How dense does someone have to be to be not recognize that
Gumbel is like who Lamar Jackson is? I only know a Murray
Is this announcer senile?
15 yards for touching.
He said Jackson!!
"That’s a little acting there by Lamar hahaha

I’ll take it tho"
Who’s Lamar Jackson?
"Not gonna lie, Lamar was playing that shove up like a Premier League player."
Mark Andrews this game man 💯
Great play by Murray
Is there a running count on how many times Lamar gets called Murray?
"Mark Andrews is having himself a game guys, really proud of our boy so far."
HOLLYWOOD HILL
HOLLYWOOD
THERE WE GO
FINALLY A HOLLYWOOD TD
Lamar is so fucking good in the redzone man
At least we embraced the Murray into a new meme. We can thank his fuck ups for the hilarious memes upcoming
All to easy
HOLLYWOOD HOPKINS
Hollywood got one!
Murray to Hill for the TD
Flacco looking stoic in the pocket.
AYYYY 1ST TOUCHDOWN OF MANY FOR THE YEAR FOR HOLLYWOOD BROWN
Some tight throws
Short comoflauged Marquise literally impossible to see in the end zone
I’m loving Hollywood’s headband!!
hell yes!!! Get marquise brown that td!!!
Hollywood!
"I'm crap with mem making, but someone's got to do a Photoshop of a Murry's Steaks box with Lamar on it"
We’re fucking business
HollyWOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
**LETS GO MURRAYS**
All the time baker spends in the stadium and still does not have a winning season
"was hoping this would be a get right game for both our offense and defense, and I'm pretty happy so far."
"Go kyler, go!"
"Lol, we’re like 4 seconds into the 2nd quarter and they’re like “Cincinnati needs to abandon all plans! The game is over!!”"
"Do you guys remember the game last year then kept calling out boys ""Mark Jackson"" and ""Lamar Ingram?"""
Lol the bengals returner running like he shit his pants! 😂😂😂
Marquise Goodwin with the TD
"Don ""Murray"" Martindale is bringing the heat today"
Lets go Iggles beat dem stillers
time to unleash madubuike
I want another Lamarvelous run. For old times sake.
"Let's go, Iggles! Battle of Pennsylvania. Tied 7-7."
That throw for the Brown TD was beautiful. Jackson's getting pretty good at those across the body passes.
Gotta get the sack there but good play d
judon almost had him
"Another whiff by Judon, lol"
So close Matt
Sacking like Burrow is breathing Covid in their faces...
Jesus christ call a fucking hold
Judon if you could finish your have like 4 more sacks this year alone
Judon sucks
Ah the classic judon feast game
We gotta get those maaaaan
Anyone watching the Cardinals game able to tell us how many times they’ve called Kyler *Lamar*?
SIT UR ASS DOWN
False shart
Joker living up to his nickname right there lmao
Judon was definitely offsides
Pick negated by offside?
FUCKING JUDON
FUCK YOU JUDON
Damnit Judon
Judon go fuck yourself
Trade Judon right now smh....
Judon your fired
goddammit
God damn Judon is so fucking bad
damn it judon
Ferguson setting an edge? Pump that shit into my veins.
Great job Judon! Stellar
Dog house incoming
At this point I don’t even want Judon for vet min get him the fuck out
"It's a free play, dumb announcer"
Only reason Burrow threw that was cause he knew there was a penalty
Lol powned from the back
Flacco is 6/9 for 39 yards
We can not get rid of judon soon enough.
Thanks Judon
#QUEEEEEN
Back to back turnovers LOL
The Queen in the North!
"I repeat, Bengals gonna Bengal."
Judon LOL
we giving backshots out here boys
"Lol, I feel so bad for Burrow. The poor guy's just getting bullied and clobbered 😂"
OH GOOD HIT QUEEN
Queen!!!!!
QUEEN
Judon and offsides....name a more iconic duo
HIS NAME IS PATRICK MOTHERFUCKING QUEEN
Lol that o line is gonna get Joe killed
I do fucking love queen
Damn I should have said MUH QWEEEEN!!!
LFG Queen
Where’s dobbins?
MUH QUEEN
Burrow just got dominated lol
Burrow is getting whacked out there
[deleted]
Just realized Queen and Burrow used to be buddies at LSU. Must suck getting strip sacked by a friend 😂😂
Queen hitting his former teammate who is now a Bengal that hard forcing a fumble is a fucking piece of art
I hope we fuck Big Ben up like this
bengals fan coming in here w respect. y’all are good. expected this to be closer but i forgot about our horrible o line. hoping y’all win division instead of the steelers or browns.
I feel like Madubuike is making a difference as well. We finally look a bit better at pressuring. Now to keep it up against better offensive lines!!!
These announcers love Burrow. Meanwhile he's having a shitty game...and they can't get the reigning MVP name's right
"What sucks is after this game everyone will say that we only play well against bad teams, solely based off of the chiefs game. It’s like, did you not watch us beat up 6 playoff teams last year??"
"Love the Ravens but man it's hard to see Burrow have such a shit line, he's a great talent"
We need to go for it on fourth. The dagger.
That wasn't the greatest playcall.
"Mekari may just need to start at guard at this point, line is holding up a little better today"
Yeah go for it.
Let him kick it
"Burrow is definitely talented and if the Bengals can build around him they will be a threat.

However, that’s a tall task for a team who consistently sucks at drafting like Cincinnati does."
Just saw Zrebiec say Powers in at RG. I didn't notice when we switched away from Mekari?
"I didn't want to go for that. One of the few times I agree with commentators. You're up 17, and defense is paying lights out."
I have no problem going for that.  I hate punting inside the 50
You know who to put in if you’re going to throw on 4th down!
"lamar needs to be sharper, i feel like he's forcing it"
"Poor throw, he had him but not sure I like the decision to go for it."
Well that was a spirited play call...
If we know we’re going for it on 4th then why not run the ball with this record breaking RB group on 3rd?
Who tf can we rely on besides MAndrews...Hollywood? Sometimes.
"Good decision and good call, had him but just overthrew him."
we need to run the fucking ball too
That was Murray not Lamar... 👀
Lamar missing a lot of throws again.
Lamar makes awful throw to open receiver: Run the ball!!! Wtf why are we passing!!! Fuck you roman!
Looks like we need more options on offense
Offense is getting a little cheeky and sloppy after dominating so far. We have too much football left
"I don't like how lamar throws the ball on 9 routes to the right. He doesn't put air under it. He just guns it. 

I think it has something to do w/ his low release point. He needs to get the ball up & over more, especially on those types of routes. 

It's a mechanical issue. Can that be fixed at this point?"
Black jerseys look neato
Fort played that so well
Offensive holding sighting!
Mcphee looking fantastic
Just turned the game on- can someone do a TLDR of what's happened so far? How we looking today?
Lamar will be fine. But he is anticipating pressure every play and rushing every read.
Holy shit! A 4-man pass rush sighting!
Is mad boogie the pass rush difference...?
"Given the way our defense looked there, we would have likely had a safety if we punted the ball"
SACKED AGAIN I LOVE IT
"Apparently, 2014 Pernell McPhee replaced modern day McPhee right before this last drive..."
Gus gets extra yardage just falling down.
Andrews playing great D
"Lamar, you gotta learn to throw it OUT"
Love Gus. Want more
Good defense Andrews
Lamar is playing way too cocky
Eeek.  Lamar don't  do that
Idk if you can tell but Rich Gannon used to be a Quarterback. He very rarely mentions it
Lamar better buy mandrews a beer
Lamar... wtf are you doing?
Show me your ___________
We need Ben Grubbs
Lol yeah Cox!!!
"hmmmmm, can't remember the last time I saw Cox in on a tackle"
"The google stat trackers aren't working today. Kind of annoying, I like to keep an eye on what else is happening in the league"
OT. Iggles are giving the Steelers all they can handle so far.
"Let's get a stop here and get the ball to end the half and start the 3rd. Come on, Wink!"
"Bengals O really struggling out there. We're getting pressure with 4 regularly, 5 is almost too much for the line to handle. So night/day compared to the Chiefs game"
Bowser and Ferg are showing a lot more promise this season.
">When you walk through the garden  
>  
>You gotta watch your back  
>  
>Well I beg your pardon  
>  
>Walk the straight and narrow track"
How is this the first time I've heard The Wire music in a Ravens broadcast?!
Anyone know how Flacco is doing?  Stats not showing up on Google for me.  Score 7-0 tho Cards.
WTF JK
Gotta love JK
Joe burrow looks so sad lol
This is why we need to use Dobbins more often
"That was a great throw to Hollywood, but good D on it."
JK!!! Get him touches!
Good pass finally
That could've been caught.
JK DOBBINS HOLY SHIT WHAT A BEAST
Can we please start giving dobbins touches in the 1st quarter of games
I like the deep shot after the run. I know it’s taboo here to say something positive about the play calling
That was a nice pass + nice protection
Yeah give the ball to Dobbins more
Yeah stop fucking around give it to JK
Dobbins sighting!
Jesus lamar.  Threw it right to him
"Jesus, that’s two weeks in a row we’ve turned in over in that scenario"
What the fuck throw was that?
Lamar what is you doing bby?
Hollywood needs to catch that ball and our oline needs to do better
Where the fuck was that ball even going?
"Great run by Dobbins!

He'll probably only get two more carries today!"
Burrow is getting killed every play
That ball came out disgusting
Shaking My God Damn Fucking Head. Can we give Gro a shot of covid so we can find a better play caller.
Goddamn Lamar
"I want to hit Roman, the amount of incomplete, incomplete, 3rd and 10 hard blitzed is annoying as shit. Why in the fuck would you not run on 2nd and 10, dobbins just ran for 30 fucking yards, they are literally sabotaging lamar"
What game is Greg Gumbel watching
Burrow is gonna get David Carr’d
"Good God, Borrow will be lucky to walk off the field after this game"
Lamar doesn’t even look like he wants to be out there
Burrow won't survive the year with this line
Will they at some point take Burrow out to keep him whole?
Lamar havin a shitty game :/
OBJ blocking absolutely no one yet again.
"Bro who is Gilchrist, he’s getting a lot of playing time"
Gerry Sandusky is roasting opposing players' names on the audio broadcast lmao
I love hearing those pads pop!
So are we gonna throw a ball to Boykin oooorrrrrr...
"I don’t understand how we can watch from the outside and realize that Lamar succeeds when our rush offense is churning. Roman is refusing to play to his strengths. So damn frustrating. Last season was a great balance and it showed that when the run was established, Lamar could do anything through the air."
Why are we not playing out of the pistol anywhere near as much this year?
"Don't need to use timeouts when 2nd down is incomplete and 3rd down goes OOB. Thanks, Bengals!"
This team is really really reliant on momentum in the passing game you can’t have dropped passes and missed throws it takes a toll in the moral of the offense
Yes its a rookie and the Bengals but boy our D is playing well today.
David Culley is who we thought he was.
Holly wood didn't just go out wow
"They have a free rusher on every play because they're sending the house, trusting that Lamar can't make the throws."
Burrow is just being eaten alive.
Has Lamar run once yet?
Why has LJ been so hesitant to take off?
61 yarder incoming
Damn
NOOOO TUCKER WHY
RIP
No 61 yarder 😔
Still the goat
Fuck.
"Tucker missed. That tells you all you need to know about how this game is going so far. 

In all seriousness tho, shit happens, even the best in the league gets a mulligan every now and then"
"He missed one boys, time to release him"
Should've known once they started hyping him up
"Damn  hate that the first miss was from 60+. No one will blame him, but I was hoping for a perfect season from the GOAT"
"Pretty bad week for Lamar huh? Knee injury, plus the thing with his friend and all. Man that's crazy"
Damn Osemele down with a knee injury
"I knew we passed a lot in the first half, but 29 attempts already? maybe we're running all second half, so Lamar had to get a game's worth of passes in the first half"
I think these kinds of games are better for us in a long run
"hopefully they are just using this game to force the pass to iron things out, it wouldn't be the worst scheduled game to do it on. i'm still very worried about what i see"
"Has Lamar EVER had -4 yards?

Like ever?"
It's not raining at fed hills wtf
What if there’s a bigger game plan. A season long plan. Keep RBs fresh so they aren’t injured and tired at the end of the year.
“Dealing with wet balls”
That was like the 4th almost INT.
Jesus
these plays we are running lmaooooo what the fuck
Feelsbadman :(
This is awful to watch. Wheres the patience?
"Our offense would be so much better if we utilized drags, outs, slants, and screens but for some reason Roman refuses to run anything that takes less than 5 seconds to develop."
Does Burrows always look grumpy or is it just today?
Bottom text
BOOM
"WOOF, Burrow lit the fuck up!"
Nice of burrow not to make Elliott look silly with his speed
"lol, we sent both safeties"
"It certainly feels like McPhee turned his clock back to 2014, doesn't it?"
"Poor Burrow, worst division for him to be drafted to with that o-line"
I swear we just refuse to use Jackson’s athleticism
The Ravens have 14 total rush attempts lol
We are still in fucking shotgun
My Patrick Queen rookie of the year +1200 bet looking pretty nice right about now
Finally!
ITS MURRAY UP THE MIDDLE
Wtf that was such a soft hold.
LETS KEEP DOING THESE SCREENS
“Why do I keep calling him Murray?” Is this guy demented?
"Please give duv more playing time, he's outplaying Boykin by a mile"
Bryant Gumbel is DREADFUL today
Murray!
Hollywood made good on that
A GOOD PLAY???
Much better Lamar!!
I mean we are playing awful but that was just a good fucking block....
I'm making this comment so i can remember the last time the Raven's made a screen that worked.
Gumble is demented
"Yes, why???"
Must be embarrassing to be stiff armed by the smallest guy in the league.
Eagles are fucking useless
Lamar could have easily run there...
"Finally seeing the ""old"" Lamar"
The Bus broke a Bengal
Hollywood's ballin out today
That Bengal looks like he got hit by a bus!
Can't keep lamar down for long.
WTF Bozeman lol
Ben Powers replaced Patrick Mekari at right guard?
Nice 3rd down conversion through the air
You’d think you could remember the name of last years season MVP
[deleted]
"Ingram looks like an aging rb now, not cutting running into his linemans asses."
Has anyone else noticed the players are sharing a single water bottle? Aren’t they supposed to have their own? Random thought.
Lamar has drive to always clean up his mistakes we good guys!
Ref lol
Jfc just get rid of the ball.
"As frustrating as the play calling is, I agree with what several others have said. In an easily winnable game, why not take the opportunity to work on our deficiencies, as opposed to doubling down on our strength (run game)"
Lol even the official gets the stiff arm
Unrelated but I love these Mark Hamill Jon Stewart Uber eats commercials.
HOLY SHIT SOMEONE FUCKING CHIP THE EDGE ON A BOOT. How does this keep happening????
lmfao
I kinda wanted a fake punt just to see some action...
Even Lamar juking out refs
"Lamar seems as if he wants to prove that he’s a QB. He has lanes to run with, but he feels as if he needs to shake the RB narrative."
This is not the offense I fell in love with last year. I'm getting so frustrated with this playcalls and decisions
Time to throw on Redzone and watch this game on mute. These announcers are unbelievably stupid
so can like someone explain to me why romans REFUSES to run the fucking ball??
Last year lamar would have taken off for like 20 yards. What the fuck is going on? This offense went from unstoppable to looking totally lost.
35 pass attempts midway through the 3rd quarter....🤔🤔🤔
Why is Roman still passing the fucking ball I think this man is legitimately braindead
At least the defense is good
God lamar hasn’t looked sharp at all since KC
Just fall on the damn ball!
"Slick ball, damn it"
"We need better interior o-line. The Bengals are getting way too much pressure. Overall things could be worse, but with a better line Lamar has more time do the receivers can get open and he has time to make better decisions and get set to throw better passes."
Thank God for our Defense
"14-yard run, time to pass"
oh look a run!
I wish we had some damn route running receivers that can get open.
This playcallint literally has me fucking baffled.
We ran the ball and good things happened FUNNY THAT
Oh my god a first down
Wow this looks like 2019
"yes ingram! that's what we fucking need, would you look at that! running works"
Who said Ingram is done??
Mark heard y'all
Why are we not passing? /s
Vintage Ingram
Lol these announcers
Bout time. I’d rather just keep pounding the rock than rely on this o line for pass protection right now. No need to pass at all.
"If LJ's knee is bugging him, it'd explain some of his poopy throws. Shit starts from the ground up"
Shit yea Ingram
"Wow, I wonder what the score would be rn if we had run the ball more than 5 times in the last 4 drives"
our offense and defense is straight up bad statistically rn
So you saying running the ball works well too?
Now maybe from now on we can start running the ball 3 quarters sooner?
Um... What?
That shift is fresh  tho
AutomaTUCK
I play Madden a lot and this is where a db misses a tackle on a Mixon run between the tackles to ruin the shutout.
Another 3 and out pls....with a few hits on the side
3rd and 3 and been destroying them on the ground and you don't run play action? Probably would've guaranteed an open right end
Ocho Cinco
Judon missed tackle again lol
Boykin is supposed to be a jump ball receiver and he doesn't even jump. Just give Duvernay his reps. He needs them and would hardly be worse
"Man, Judon is not even good in coverage.   Is there anything this guy actually excells at?"
Ferguson has been making plays.
Sack Daddy setting the edge like a pro
"Fuck off, Judon."
Judon is so bad my lord
Judon come on man
I'm I the only one that's noticed Burrow has too much air on nearly all of his throws?
"Pass rush a bit better but not super confidence-inspiring. Offensive line seemed to have played a bit better like the first 2 drives and now back to turnstiles. Lamar is getting pressured like crazy. Boykin, I like you, but Duv >"
Welcome to the nfl burrow
HUMPHREY! Dude is so good in coverage he's been invisible all game
Up 20 to 0 in the 4th quarter. Time to pass...
Call detroit and get kenny golladay
"This D made Burrow look like the rookie that he is lol 

We’re business"
Is that 8 sacks on the day? Bengals should take 3 OL next year.
>The @Ravens have held opponents scoreless in the third quarter this season -- the only NFL team to do so. - @PMGleason
Wink's defensive play calling creates nightmares for rookie QBs.
Last years offense with this defense we would have scored 100
What?
Jesus christ Lamar what are you doing
"Okay, Jackson’s gotta chill out a little"
Anyone gonna blame someone for not running the right route on yet another near-int?
Oh man.  I have a feeling he’s having trouble seeing schemed LBs in there
"Need to practice extra hard this week, blowing out a division rival and still feeling like were struggling"
Wow...
What’s the point of the mask if you just take it off to talk
can’t keep emphasizing that division games are typically very close
Lamar not reading the field like he used to today.
I love how Orlando looks huge even standing next to other linemen
"Good route by boyd, but man I hate him."
Peters wants another TO
Roman needs to get his head out of his ass. He’s been the reason this offense is so lackluster the past 4 weeks
"Offense has some time to adjust, in the meantime I’ll take 14/20 point wins while we’re working on it lol"
YAS QUEEN
We need to sign Mr. Big Chest. He's had months of therapy now - he should be alright.
QUEEN IS THE MAN OF THE MATCH!
PQ boiiii!!!!!!
KILLA QUEEN X2
Defense is carrying this team
What a play by Marlon holy shit
Just I was about to say “damn they’re getting some momentum with all these completions”
Defensive player of the year in the running
Hump and Queen AGAIN!!!!
F R U I T P U N C H
I feel like we can add two more wins to our record because the Browns and Bengals ain’t doing shit on our defense
FRUIT PUNCH
Defense has done it all today
I would not be surprised to hear that lamar is still sick
This is exciting by Defence.
"hay is in the barn, fellas"
Come on Philly!!!
Is Harbs wearing two masks? Lol
Use #NFLRedzone and say queen is the rookie of the day. Don’t let claypool win it!
Couple times...
AFCN May only look so good cause it has played a light schedule
It isn’t a ravens game if the defense doesn’t score
No offense but that’s the first good throw by Burrow all game
Campbelllllllll
"Free release, good throw... still want this shutout though"
Defense is gonna have to make something happen to keep the shutout alive
Fake crowd noise guy has been better this week
"Roman's past his prime. He was good for his first moment in B-more, but now other teams know how to stop him. This wouldn't be much of an issue if he didn't malfunction every game and forget the Ravens are a run-first offense. Also, it seems like he can't adjust to teams that don't let the Ravens steamroll them..."
Boooooooo
BARNACLES
"Look, any game we aren't tied and going into overtime for, is a good game. We gave them a pity fg."
Why do i feel like the chiefs can still come back
"I admit I'll be shocked if the Raiders don't fuck themselves somehow, lol."
Y’all think we’re the worst 4-1 team going into next week?
Anyone else notice how Lamar never ever changes the play nor the protection. That's a big problem why dont we let him? Is he not able or what
I swear if they comeback I'm gonna break my TV
"3 and 3, lets NOT give it to edwards... fuuuuck I hate greg roman..."
Have the real Ravens been kidnapped or something today?
Greg Roman scares me
Is 2 OC’s a thing? G-Ro is a great run caller but his passing plays are straight out of Madden
Pass rush still looks non-existent
"We need Ray and Suggs to come in and teach the defense how to get pressure and execute tackles. I feel like our defense isn't scary, our secondary is good but we don't play tight coverage often based off the open man every 2 plays"
Lamar looks like ass right now and I'm sad
Judon is fucking garbage. I wasnt happy when he was tagged and I'm still not. Dude is not a fucking franchise player
"Dang, all these comments mad at Judon... I thought he had a personal foul or something... it was obvious he was offsides... I don't know Burrow would've thrown that INT otherwise."
Lamar what you doing bby
"lamar looking a little off


edit: i’m blind it was tipped"
I disagree with the announcers. I like the call to go for it.
"I’m... confused 

Fire Roman"
"Sigh, how long before Greg Roman's amnesia towards running the football leaves him and he stops calling like, 20,000 pass plays?"
"3 runs in a row? 3 positive yard plays? I think we did it guys, we fired greg Roman"
kyler jackson with a 2 yard rushing td
Hollywood gotta catch that
Our offense is garbage but I’m starting to feel bad for what we’re doing to theirs 😂😂
We lead but our offense stinks right now but we’re so good I’m happy anyways
I’m laughing just a little at the whole “welcome to the AFC north” for Joe Burrow when he’s already played the Browns
Lamar does not seem to want to run the ball anymore.
"Lamar does not look healthy, he doesn't look comfortable"
Defense gonna save our ass this year
"Take a deep breath, guys. We're up 3 scores in the second half and our defense is dominating them. Maybe this play calling is an attempt to get our passing some reps against a live defense in a low risk situation."
"He didn’t even go through his progressions on that play, could of easily picked up 3 with his legs..something is wrong for sure"
Flacco is actually playing well right now
The Bengals have been embarrassed 3 straight times by Lamar if anyone has film on him it’ should be Cincinnati
Obligatory YAS QUEEN
"If Lamar belongs in the same tier as the great QBs, then why do fans get so mad with all of the pass calls?"
Campbell is a man beast
"Darn, was hoping for a shutout."
SIGN ANTONIO BROWN
Wtf Lamar???????? Ruined a great drive by the running attack.
[deleted]
Marcus peters has been trash this year
Wtf was that lamar? Horrible
Why can’t Lamar read defenses anymore. Early last year he was really good at it
So what is everyone gonna complain about today after we win 34-3?
Might have to turn the game off. Greg Roman is soooooo bad
I'm **SO TIRED** of seeing Lamar throw
Is it just me or has lamar regressed this year lol
I find that little Joker gesture that Elliott does pretty cringey. I know its his nickname but I hope he stops doing it soon lol
Unfortunately we’re going back to what we were known for for years and years our defense. Atleast we can say that. Offense looking like it’s ran by Flacco
"People will shit on Roman and rightly so, but the reality ia Lamar is awful at throwing hot and he needs to be much better at that to stop defenses from sending 7 guys after him like the Bills and Titans did last year."
Damn Burrow gonna be legit just off his decision making
"Guess it’s time to abandon the run, good call Roman"
Joe “Lamar Jackson” Burrow
Really fucking good throw
Fucking trashdon
They might bench Burrow at this point lol
"I have a theory why we are throwing...

Roman has been instructed by DeCosta to have Lamar throw deep and into coverage in order to drop his overall value. The more incompleteness and ineffective he is, the less money he will command in the off-season in a couple years for his extension.



Or Roman is just a fucking idiot"
Lamar has regressed this year for sure.
"Cool play I'd love to see... Wildcat to Ingram, Lamar on the right, Hollywood on the left. Ingram takes snap and takes entire line and team right, pitch to Lamar and Hollywood is taking off 1 on 1 down the left sideline.

You know Hollywood would be burning whoever he's against."
"Wow look what happens when JK gets the ball, who would have thought?"
Dobbins needs more touches
That's an ugly ball tho
Our offense is pretty bad
"This has not been a well called game on offense, I like to see a bit more balance between the run and pass. Seems like we pick one or the other for a drive and focus on it"
Sacks and Flacco check downs. Give the Bengals D credit for disrupting this offensive
What a terrible kicker
Why tf aren't we playin Dobbins more?
"Anyone else think that knee injury might be affecting Lamar more than we let on? He hasn't had a run yet has he?

Edit: a word"
[deleted]
I can't watch the game.  Can one of you tell me which link in the O Line appears weakest?  Where are all the rushers getting through?
I need a word with Roman and our Wr coach: WTF are you guys doing!!!
Surprised to see Marquise do anything after the catch lol
Damn Gus killed him
Roman might need to go after this season WTF
Please. Let's run the ball. Run out the clockk.  Get rg3 in there. Let lamar rest
25th in total offense: “Greg Roman deserves a ton of credit”
Trash absolute garbage
That was bad on Boykin but why would Lamar even throw that on 3rd down? Dude was locked up man to man.
I feel like Jackson relies on the defence falling apart at the idea of him running. When they don’t he makes bad judgment calls
Judon is such a piece of shit
So Boykin overthrow maybe it was the angle but it looked to me Boykin stopped on the route and Lamar had thrown a much deeper route
I'm legit starting to think that Roman's Marty 2.0. Why does this happen with every OC on the Ravens? There has to be something deeper happening...
[Today in a nutshell](https://imgflip.com/i/4i5790)
"We had one of the most explosive offenses last year. Today has been far from perfect, but don’t hang your heads. That team didn’t just disappear, we will start to click again. I have faith in that. 

The real takeaway should be how well our defense is playing. Yes it’s the Bengals, but it’s always good to see your Defense playing dominant like they are supposed to be."
Maybe Romanvis calling pass plays to show Lamar hes not ready to be a pure pocket passer yet
That’s mah queen
Lamar is kill. Murray is new favorite player.
[deleted]
Who is currently putting up a worse performance: Lamar or the announcers?
"Can greg roman please stop changing the offensive identity like he has amnesia. Yes. You can pass, but if the run is working, then use it."
What is wrong with him
Lamar looking like a rookie
"Feels like Flacco is starting for us today, not the Jets...."
"I don't think Lamar has control of the offense, he needs to step up this year and take over. Mahomes and Allen have full control it seems while Lamar seems like he's just taking instructions this year"
Poll: is miles Boykin good? Leave your answer below!
yall need to relax
"God damn Lamar, stop playing like a fucking rookie. FIX YOUR DECISION MAKING."
"Please keep telling me how this isnt on Lamar.

Playing like fucking Baker Mayfield."
our offense is dog shit this year
Could this be the trace mcsorely game
Anyone have any idea if fans will be allowed back in this year?
Time to make my coffee. BIG TRUSSSSSSS LETS GOOOOOOO
Any thoughts on how the weather impacts this game?
Mekari is warming up at RG according to Jeff
Anyone not playing today?
"Bengals game plan: screen, screen, deep incompletion to Green, punt"
I actually miss Dan dierdorf he was a great color commentator
For your thread streaming comfort https://www.reddit-stream.com/r/ravens/comments/j98hes/10112020_week_5_game_thread_cincinnati_bengals_at/
LFG!!!
I’m really glad I don’t have to sit through Big Bang Theory ads during games anymore. Little victories.
Woooooo LFG!!! 😈
Lego
Big day for the D comin right up.
Lets fucking go!!!!
(●'◡'●)
Move the kickoff 10 yards forward and award a point for putting it through the uprights.
"Jesus Christ, it’s game day"
"Our pash rush actually got close to burrow, that’s how you know the Bengals have a bad o-line"
DEFENSE. PLS
LFG RAVENS 💜🖤💜🖤😈😈😈
we didn't have a Sample on him
Na jimmy Smith not judon
"Man, if you are going to let bounce get away from it!!"
Classic bengals
Thank god we’re playing Bobby Hart this week so judon can pump up those sack numbers
Jimmy Smith leading the NFL in sacks so far today 👀
Can we call them Bagels?
GO LLAMA
Bengals will be straight-up out coached today.
Let’s fucking gooo bitches
DUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!
Holy shit
DUVERNAY
DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Good call G-Ro!
Keep giving him playing time sirs
I love Duvernay's speed!!
Holy shit Duvernay got wheels
I got a fever and the only prescription is more Duvernay
Let’s go Duuuuuuuuuv
DUUUUUUUUUUUUV
DUV
FEED DUVERNAY IN SPACE
DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUVVVVVVVVV
Nice play
Duv needs to be our #2 target. He’s so good.
Damn
Tuck it in
Duvernay has had so few touches but made so many big plays
Wish we ran the ball at least twice after that big run but o well get points when you can
Anyone know if Lamar has knee pain?
What else is new Ravens don’t score a TD and win by FG
Duvernay is earning some more PT
"🐐

Tucker"
Why....why do we always do stupid play calls near the red zone
Why are they forcing the ball down the field so early in the game?
Duverney is pretty clearly our best weapon but Greg Roman will utilize him for 3 plays all game
2 forced passes there.
Two perfectly good throws by LJ and both Brown and Andrews too afraid to go for the ball
Sometimes it feels like Lamar is trying to force it to MAndrews and teams are double covering him now.
"Why are we so insistent on making Lamar pass when we have so much invested in the run?  We are designed to grind teams down with 8+ min drives, so DO IT!"
Cutouts lowkey creepy ngl
Mad boogies  first tackle
The guy was standing there eating lunch. Defense took a nap...
WTF with these Wide open Receivers.....
He had all day in the pocket
Didn’t know bengals have butter bean on their roster
Looked like Peters was the one that left Higgins just standing there. I just don't get it.
How
Please dont get AJ Green involved. That’s never a good thing for us
"Get this stop. Set the tone, boys!"
Ineed alink to watch the game can never watch where iam
Oh no they dont...
"Wow, good stop."
Good job D
He probably couldve run that for a first tbh
This week and last week these threads have been just the regulars where are all the bandwagoners. Been a quiet couple game threads
I say we keep throwing. We should experiment against the not so good teams
Yea i thought Judon looked banged up on that last series
"Zach Taylor kinda lost out there.  

Burrow would be a stud on any team."
Ingram still making grown ass men bounce off him
Didn't fool anyone
"Hell, I saw that coming."
"D was great there. Announcer said it was overthrown but watching the replay, that was the only spot Burrow could have placed the ball the give his guy a shot. Coverage was phenomenal there."
Wtf was that
What a stupid ass call Roman
O line looks a lot better
So teams are amazing at screens against us. But we can’t run a screen to save our lives 🤦🏻‍♂️
That was an incredibly poorly-designed play.
"Dn if he didn't hesitate, he had 10 more"
Move the chains!
"We must’ve broadcasted that. Damn, Cincy was all over that."
Whyd he stop man.
What was that throw
DUV
DUUUUV
Duvernay out here making plays!
I like seeing Dev more involved
what the hell was that
BEEP BEEP
All aboard the Gus bus!
Bus!
That was a sweet side arm pass to Duv
Lmao the reason he ran a lot in college from the pocket was that his line was garbage
Ran into a wall though!
Looks like Cincy is loading up the middle of the line.
Truss the bus
These snaps are wild. Lamar back there never knowing where the snap is going to fly
Holy shit lol
Whoa!!!!
#WINDMILL ANDREWS
Damnnn lol
Damn Andrews!! Did a full 360 there!
dat flip goddamn Mandrews
Oh my butthole puckered phew!
Mandrews with a MANLY flip
FLIP
Who knew andrews was a gymnast
Dude was on a trampoline holy shit
omg what a flip
Man Lamar is way off
Sighhhhh
oh no not boger
Why they gotta show that graphic right now. Trying to jinx Llama
Ok I like that...
James proche getting more reps!
Mandrews saves the day
Mark Andrews has really redeemed himself these past 2 weeks since the Chiefs game
Didn’t think that was a 1st...
"Dude, Lamar looks HELLA off right now. That lob was a nice idea but it was nowhere close."
someone needs to clip all the times he's called him murray
I'll never understand how you can break huddle with no time left and have no idea.
Damn what a throw
MANDREWS!
"GET IT, MANDREWS"
Murray to Andrews!!!
Let’s go!
Would like to know what Lamar was saying there
Thank you andrews you're our blanket
Why does Gumble keep calling Lamar “Murray” ?
Murray is off this year
Holy fuck what a fake out by Lamar
The Bengals defensive ends keep getting to the backfield and just stand there lmao. They had an easy sack
They can’t stop Andrews
Andrews got penetrated by the D on that TD
AND 1!
MANDREWS
There is no way the color commentator doesn’t tell him to stop calling him murray when they go to commercial. It should stop soon.
I like patience lamar
I don't know who this Lamar Murray guy is or why Jackson isn't playing but he's fucking legit.
After watching the red river shootout yesterday with the energy of Gus and Klatt. This is like watch a game in a morgue
I never knew Lamar did that lol
Why does this mans keep saying Murray everytime he drops back? I though I was going crazy the first few times
lol that was a nice dig at how cheap Mike Brown is
Keep up the pressure D!
There was that Marlon cornerblitz again...
MP
Damn MP GOT HOPS
Burrow having a poor game so far
yeah Lamar isn't humble at all. come on.
Peters!  Pressure got to the rookie.
#JUICEMAN EZ PICKINS
Lol
Let’s go! What a defensive play all around
HE GOT THAT JU ICE IN HIM
MP JUICEMAN
NOW CLEAN YOUR BUTT OFF OUR PETERS
Boom. I predicted a Peters pick before the game and there it is
MP JUICEMAAAAAAAAAN
Murray yet again!!
THAT'S HOW YOU DO ITTTTT
Yea that’s intentional grounding.
"Got some juice, man?"
Noooo!!!!!!!
And the turnover streak continues
🧃 🧃 🧃
There’s no way that’s grounding.
WTF was that play
**MURRAY PETERS**
When Burrows gave that ball back because it was good luck -> 😢 what an amazing person /s
lmao what an awful throw
CBS app delay spoilers again... Not mad though.
afc north takeaway division
MP JUICEMAN!!!
"Inject that into my veins, MP Juice man"
Bengals gonna Bengal.
"Good job Dunlap, you ass."
I'll take the yards but not the play call
The fact that the announcer isn’t correcting him just crazy
Bengals receiver gave up on the play on that interception. But nice play.
Holy shit he got his name right
MURRAY TO MANDREWS!!!
"anyone know the most consecutive scoring quarters to start a season? if they're gonna tell me we've scored in 17 (soon to be 18) straight quarters, I wanna know the record"
The pessimist in me wants Lamar to stop going to Mandrews so much
Green was literally blocking for Peters 🤣
Im confused..  why wouldn’t Baltimore take a timeout after that last play and kick a fg
Is it just me or is Lamar not hitting the holes that he used to ?
Bryant Gumball’s announcer voice makes it so much more irritating
There ya go
Onto the Eagles
Brown definitely at least a little thicker
I love Kyler
RG3 coming out after 1st drive of 3rd quarter is my bold prediction
Think our D can pitch a first half shut out?
"If you send the house like that, you got to get to the QB."
"Greg Roman: just kidding, let’s abandon the run"
Our zone D 🙄
Budget Mike Thomas lol
"There's a game starting an hour from now that I really wanna watch and I was hoping the Ravens would have the game won by then, it's looking good so far"
"OMFG

THEY SAID IT AGAIN"
Come on D. Hate leaving dudes wide open.
"Is the Baltimore courthouse ready for the influx of Ravens players legally changing their name to ""Murray"" tomorrow?"
Surprised the bengals aren’t going crazy with the screens
Good play Bowser!
27th ranked pass D 😬
Lol judon
judon is having a tough year man
Murray playing for both teams now?
Elliot has played much better than I expected.
They can’t sack him smh
"Great pressure there, no sack but still lost yards"
Great rush by Judon just gotta finish
Excellent defense of that end-around.
How does Judon miss so many sacks
Murray looks like he's playing at 75% but its still great
Poo
God I fucking hate Tyler Boyd
Judon LOVES these games against lesser teams
Love the punch on 44
"still a good play, but judon's got to finish that"
Anyone seeing how Joe is doing?
Did Queen slow down a sec when he thought Judon had Burrow wrapped up?
bruuuuuh
Queen lost again. Damn
Eagles defense is comically bad
lol mixon = ass.
Sack daddy
Peter's going off today.
ASAP Ferg with the big stop
Flag..
Fuck you Judon.
Fuck you Judon
Vintage Judon
"Fucking hell, thanks Judon"
Who are those lucky ducks
Fucking dumbass Judon
Judon at his best....
"I feel like once Mixon gets up to full speed he's really quick, but he really takes a minute to get there when hes running, at least whenever I'm watching. He just doesnt really have that burst"
It's coming back its gonna be roughing the passer
Judon better get a solo strip sack or something
Lmao Elliot dancing after the false start
FuckingnJudon you shithead
I fucking hate judon. Like seriously man. Guy is fucking garbage.
Judon again lol
Should be offsetting there was an unrelated false start as well.
QUEEN
Boom baby!!! What a hit by Queen!!
WHAT A HIT GOTDAMN
Ouch Judon...
Queen lit his ass up lmao
Lmao anyone see Campbell's big ass repeatedly jumping in the air?
FUMBLE
I truly dislike Judon
Chuck deserves that man fuck
LOL
Queeeeeen
YAAAAAAAS QUEEN
QUEEN WITH THE SACK AND FUMBLE RECOVERY
QUEEN JUST CROWNED BURROW!
Burrow is off on his deep throws this year
BOOM BITCH
SIT THE FUCK DOWN
Stung by the bee!
Feasting on the rookie qb!
"Yeah, I think it's safe to say our D is all up in Burrow's hat right now."
#YAS QUEEN
E tu Brute?
We’re relentless my boy
"Caribbean Queen! 

Now were sharing the same dream!"
Wow
"Damn, he killed him"
"
👏 seC 👏 quArteRbaCKS 👏"
Lot of flags today
Scott Hansen on RedZone saying Queen and Burrow weren't friendly at LSU. First I've heard of that...
Lmao we are playing so well I actually feel bad for the Bengals
The Judon special back at it
Anyone else watching the elite dragon at the same time?
smh
Go for it
Bruh don’t go for this
Ooof.
Dude
Wasted.
Fuck
Bad decision coach
No respect for Burrow by going for it there lol. Awful execution tho
Lamar too excited.  Another skyball.
Well that didn’t work😆
IDK what that was
Why? Fucking why my dude
"Garbage, inconsequential play calling."
Should have punted there we are up 17.
Wish we gave Tucker a shot at a huge FG tbh
Dumb 4th down call.
Great play by defense just to get a false start and throw 4 times in a row for no reason.
What the hell was that about? No reason to go for it there
I swear some of you see the buzzword of playcalling and then scream it the whole time.
Yeah THAT'S coming back
Then again Lamar did miss 2 days of practice were stomping the bengals I don’t see them scoring more than 2 TDS but we gotta clean this shit up. Next week philly will be a better team and their confidence will sky rocket if they upset the Steelers
That was the right playcall by cincy... just their o-line sucks so much and messed it up! Haha
Roman has to run the ball more
"We need like 10,000 fans back"
"lol, the entire Ravens sideline saw that"
Is that the 1st holding call for the year?
Well that helps with the old field position
17-0...ARREST GREG ROMAN
Burrow bout to need an XL ice bath after this game
Bengals might want to take Burrow out before he gets killed
This is why we went for it lol we smell blood in the water on D
"Shit, might as well pour maple syrup on Burrow, because he is getting pancaked. Yikes"
I'm so glad Bobby Hart plays for them
Did j tucker not kick a field goal? Can't watch the game.
Steelers getting help from the refs again 🙄
Who tf is JBalvin
Wait... the run works?
Wow back to back runs!
Yeah we’re monsters
Are they rotating Mekari and Powers or was Mekari hurt for the last 2 drives?
Jesus Lamar just threw that away the same way Burrow is.
Woahhh. Easy killer
So are we getting a Lamar run like last year against the Bengals?
GUS BUS
The truest 50/50 ball ever
Andrews owes it to Lamar lol
"Not huge on Lamar's decisions today, get it out of your system now it's just the Bengals"
Opportunity to put this game to bed with a TD here and again coming out of the half. Leggo
Our defense is looking phenomenal this game. Burrow has actually been playing decently this year until now.
"""If you want the hot delicious taste if pizza hut delivered THIS BAD"" dude, I promise you, *nobody* wants pizza hut ""THIS BAD"""
"Lol, case in point. Look at that run"
I was wondering where Dobbins was
Damn that ball was there
Holy fuck Dobbins.
DOBBINS!!!
finally dobbins gets a touch
God damn miles Boykin literally blocked his man off the field on that Jk run lmao
"Dobbins, another player who always produces but rarely gets a chance..."
"Damn, stayed in bounds forever, then got out of bounds"
"Bengals are fighting for their lives, something's gonna give."
Why the fuck was that
"JFC, Lamar"
Speaking of giving.....sighs
I don't know what DPI even looks like anymore.
welp
Awful throws
what the fuck
What the fuck?
Ugly throw
Lamar has gotta be hurt wtf is he doing
what is lamar doing...
Is it just me or has Lamar seemed unhappy this season?
How the heck do we start off SO HOT and then revert to this...?
That wasn’t gonna make it to Snead no matter what
"Lamar looks awful today, but him not absolutely dominating teams will hopefully be good in the long run."
Jesus christ what the fuck is that? Lamar is just not playing well right now.
It looked like that ball just slipped out of his hands
"Garbage, inconsequential playcalling."
That was a terrible ball any way you look at it.
WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK WERE YOU THROWING THAT BALL FOR?
That one highly confuses me. Imma just give him the benefit of the doubt here. Let's get the ball back
How many times are we going to allow a free rusher off the right side?? Jesus Christ
The Bengals have to be awful for us to be winning like this with Lamar playing this poorly.
Tf?
What was that throw tbh lol
"Can’t be mad at that, it was just a good defensive play"
Look at orlando bruh
"Lamar is getting frustrated he should keep his cool in these situations. 

I'd prefer a game like this then a full blown out then fail at the playoffs"
Let’s try this again shall we ladies and gents
"Lol its glaringly obvious Lamar needs to run the ball more himself, run with RPO, and throw very minimally in order to be successful 
 Idk wtf Roman is doing throwing out of the shotgun with him all game long"
both teams doing a good job putting pressure on the QB
We got the ball back already 😂😂 lets go score
Is Gilchrist the new Corey Graham??
Nice pick up for Hollywood
"Defense is playing hard-nosed Ravens d, even with the offense playing meh"
"well 1 minute left, the Ravens do score a lot of TDs in the last 2 minutes of the first half.

gotta look for some positives here"
"Kneel it, go cool off, come back out after the half

Nvm, didn’t see Cincy’s TOs"
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS PLAYCALLING
Take a shot deep
In what fucking world does stanley start that sack by shuffling inside instead of outside... what the actual fuck
Get a field goal maybe?
This is Tucker range right?
Pleaseee let tucker kick a long field goal
Anyone have a good stream?
61 for tuck
No bueno
Noooooooooooooo :(
Medstar sucks
"Trade tucker scrub!

:)"
This game should be over already
**HOW DARE U RUIN FLEETWOOD MAC LIKE THIS**
They really fucked up but not just running it to give Tucker a shot at the record there with it right in the middle of the field. Would love to see Tucker have the record for longest field goal made.
I can't believe we had 29 passing attempts in the first half of a game where we aren't playing catch up.
Ard 99yd pass TD to Hollywood PAD THOSE STATS
"Also, if teams are blitzing all the time to try and stop Lamar, give him some short throws that he can complete quickly!"
"Weird game, our D has been great, though."
Rain time.
What do the Bengals need to work on on offense? Uh.... everything?
The Eagles are literally garbage why can't we get any help..
"Teams have had a year of film and a whole offense to look at this offense.  They have to add new wrinkles.  It can be tough to find a balance between imposing your will with your bread and butter, and adjusting to taking what the defense is giving you."
Maohmes-esque
This offense is offensive
This is frustrating
Lamar's risky passing is like my childhood crush. Toying with my heart 😂
I think the problem is our receivers suck at getting open.  And he tries to keep the play alive as long as possible.
We are still just missing that big #1 WR we can try and force passes to once in a while.
Did we switch announcers or am I crazy?
Ok I'm sorry I like Watson but that commercial was fuckin dreadful.
"I see you Ferg, good game so far"
"Anyone have a link on where to watch this game? South texas here, no where available!!!! Even at a bar."
that speed
THANK YOU DEFENSE
Gilchrist playing deep safety lol
"""You're a queen!"" What?"
"I feel like at the very last moment Burrow sensed a defender coming. If not, that was a fumble."
"Yikes. Bengals look awful in pass pro. That rep was on mixon. However, a vet qb tells him where the blitz is coming from there."
How many times has our offence had the ball this game?
I hope all the extra passing attempts this season have just been Jackson trying to make up for no preseason games.
10-6
So many tipped passes
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
Murray again
MURRAY
Murray up the middle!
"HE FINALLY RECOGNIZED IT!! ""Why do I keep calling him Murray?"""
Its raining and we are still throwing?
Why do I keep saying Murray?
I’d like to know our run/pass % on 1st down today. Gotta be like 70% pass at least.
Anyone got a link to the game?
I am appalled with this offense.
"More Dobbins, more Duvernay"
This ref is high as shit
Hollywood!!
There we go
"good call lamar, if his knee's hurt i'm glad he didn't run it like he wanted to"
And Lamar is def not 100%
Hollywood!
"Beautiful play, defenders bit on the scramble"
Nice play Hollywood
Can't figure out why Hollywood's release after catch is slow. He's so quick but he catches the ball turns up field looks around then runs
"Everytime he calls lamar ""murray"", lamar makes a big play.

lol"
Get out of the way Ref!!
Well... that was something
Another free rusher...
Lamar’s leg looked fine there
That play is broken a second time. He turned to fake to Ingram but Ingram was no where near him.
"WTF is the REF DOING? Also, ANOTHER PASS PLAY. ROMAN!!! WTFF!!!! xD"
That poor ref
Official thought he was not in the play.  He thought wrong.
Keep passing the ball up 17
uh can we block?
Embarrassing
We havent scored since the 1st quarter right? Thats ridiculous
They call a running play that gets 3 yards and greg roman thinks its the end of the world.
Lamar needs to scramble more. So many times he has open lanes but ends up throwing an incompletion.
The bengals have kept tabs on that rollout all game. Bad playcall on 2nd and long.
Why.....why is offense so stalled lately....
Come man. Run out of that pocket. We needed 6yds.
Lmao
"Damn, couldn't fall on that one"
Fuck.  FUCK
"dammit we could've had that, just dive on the damn ball"
strip sack!!! omg get the football!
What was that? Hot potato?
Why wasnt Dez signed?
LMAO
Burrow fumbles more than Lamar did his rookie year good lord
Who the fuck put the ball in butter
Just fucking fall on it.
A run!
Yea BIG BOI
"Nice run! He's gonna call a pass after this, watch..."
Run good. More run.
BIG BOI
Big truss
They ran on 2nd and 7!!!! G Ro thank god
"wow, we ran it and it worked. 

Now keep doing it pls."
Finally something from ingram
I think it’s safe to say Yandas spot is still up for grabs
"Lamar has +3 yards?

I must have missed it."
These dudes trying to get a strip ball. They ain’t Marlo
Imagine that. Running the football.
"Skilled boy, no washed-up boy"
"Hmm, maybe we should run the ball more"
See what happens when you run the goddamn ball Greg?
"Marty was the OC in 2018, not Roman 🙄"
"Open up the bag now. An end-around, a play action, a screen."
Anybody got the stats on Edwards YPC?
What
"More playing time for duvernay, less for boykin"
This fake crowd noise is TRASH
[deleted]
 Washington is gonna kill Alex Smith bro
Who is this Gilchrist cat
Burrow getting killed
"Ferguson is looking nice, he fast."
Judon again...
FUCKING JUDON
How has madbukaki looked today?
Pain.
"I just want y'all to know that the German translation for ""poor sod"" is ""armer Sack"" and I think this perfectly fits for Joe Burrow today."
Chucky
"Dan Dierdorf >>> Rich Gannon as a commentator.

This sucks because we're going to have to hear this dude commentate on games for the next decade at least."
SACK SQUAD
Poor burrow
RIP burrow
What a defensive effort.
FUCK YEAH SACKED AGAIN GET HIT BOI
Defense definitely destroying today
What’s the max sacks in a game?  Just curious.
That’s not ray rice
"We should try to make a move for curtis samuel, he is so underated because carolina doesnt use him. I think he coukd be a number 1, super diggs like."
Remember this game when you think it's a good idea to trade an elite LT.
I really like to see our d line just playing mean
"Okay, granted: Bengals O sucks, but maybe this is the game that really gets our D going, ya know?"
Just get one more td so we can ice this fucking game
Big run mark
What....
WTF
5 different DB have a sack today.  Unreal.
Luckiest drop ever.
Brown and Andrew’s are doing their thing but someone’s going to have to step up every now and then
Run the damn ball
RUN THE DAMN BALL
I just hope both teams run on every play now. End this damn garbage.
Bruuuuuuuh
Love how hump always comes in with a punch
Marlon straight assaults arms out there
Whew. Nice route
Yeah because the collisions are as bad if not worse than car crashes
Anyone else really annoyed by the crowd moaning?
When he's not being driven into the ground Burrow is moving the football.
"What was this sub saying about
Lamar last year week 5 against the Steelers"
What the fuck is wrong with them LMAO
Wow.
HAHAHAHAHA
WEW
That's fun
There u go
what a weird game today.
NO 1ST WORK FOR IT
How is that not a penalty?
Nice
Nope.
The worst part is 6:23 instead of 5:55 on the game clock. 😂
"That's not gonna save me, Rich... No - it certainly isn't"
CC just tackled both of em lol
Suck it Ebron
I hope he fucking shanks this one. Just to have the shutout
Can we run up the score now that we don't get the shutout?
Why did we need RGIII to take a knee?
Who even wins the nfc east
"I mean, I'll gladly take a touchdown but that drive hardly inspired confidence"
"OMG it's nothing wrong with the call to go for it or the play call. LJ mised the throw.

And shut up about running the ball. They're not as good at running the ball as they were last year.

They're up by 17. Good grief."
Score should be much higher. To everyone saying we’re complaining roo much ; stfu this performance will not be sustainable against good teams.
"Ravens up 20-0 and everyone in this sub is having a melt down like we are the Jets... Pull it together, guys."
Mahomes went straight to the locker room like a little baby. Classless and shows what a little b*tch he really is. Classless in wins...even more in losses.
"Come on yall we scored a TD on opening drive almost every game last year, it’s unrealistic to expect it every single game we will be fine"
Are we still listening to analytics? Becuase i think analytics would've said don't go for it there
If we move on from Greg Roman we’re not gonna have a coach that can adapt the current running game to whatever system they try and Lamar would suffer because of it
3 straight passes lol
26 pass attempts is inexcusable
I wanna see Koch under center for the rest of this game lol
Something is off with Lamar.
Good thing we're playing this shitshow of a QB because this is easily our second worst game this year.
Ingram has 2 good runs and suddenly everyone thinks he’s great again lmao
Flacco TD though wooo!
Like I said before and got down voted for. The offense is garbage. Lamar refuses to scramble. Roman refuses to run on first and second down. The only reason we're winning is because the Bengals oline is as bad as ours.
I dont have a good feeling about next week
Streaming link? Anyone? Please?
He can't do that all game. Keep up the pressure 😈
I really think Hollywood is hiding an injury
"I'd this dumb asshole calls Jackson ""Murray"" again..."
Judon is pathetic.
"Stupid.  If anything, should have run it"
Smh Lamar.
What the fuck is wrong with Lamar? He is awful today throwing.
"Sigh, maybe one day the Ravens will remember that their running game is better and more crucial to their offense than their passing game..."
Nt
Lamar looking decent this drive. He just having a off day.
"Nice to see us running only 13 times in a half, maybe if we ran more it would open up some more plays through the air instead of Lamar having to look for someone to get open and forcing something"
"I want to see more of the Ravens running up-tempo going forward. Frustrating as that pick was, I thought the offense looked better running it. It keeps the defense on their heels, forces their rushers to either commit to coming downhill to rush or hanging back to contain instead of being able to take it one play at a time, wears down the DBs to let Hollywood and Duvernay put that 4.3 speed to its best use, makes the backfield motion even more confusing, and wears down the whole defense so once Lamar takes off, they've got even less of a chance of catching him.

Don't become like Chip kelly's eagles and run nothing but up-tempo, slow it down as the game dictates, but I liked how the offense looked running at a faster pace. (Plus then it won't be as uncomfortable on the rare occasions we have to play from behind because we already know how to run hurry up)"
Wtf was that? ROMAN!
We should get someone besides RG3.
"Honestly Brown needs to man the fuck up. Steve Smith wasn't big, but he laid people the fuck out on these plays."
"I really want to see Roman gone after this season. Terrible passing routes, terrible play calls. He just doesn't have it. He makes winning look hard"
"Somethings off with Burrow this year.

Jfc... /s"
I HAVE ZERO RESPECT FOR GREG ROMAN.
"3rd and 3, lets throw the ball"
"Bengals have a terrible run d, even when they have dj reader, and he's not on the field. Just run it down their throats and finish this game"
Time for Joe Boller.
Reddit is full of people with negativity bias
First shutout of the season is close.
I agree with Lamar being not 100%.
Eagles are blowing it as usual
"I kinda want us to throw it, don't kill me"
Dick sucking for getting sacked. Give me a break
That pass was awful. Haven’t seen one that bad from Lamar since his rookie year.
Lamar has been ass the past 3wks. But he is actually making bad decisions this game. Clean it up bra.
"Damn, did I wander into the Cincy sub by accident? All this negativity early toward our own guys when we’re moving the ball. Chill, kids."
Don’t agree with going for it
That was fucking stupid
"I love the Ravens and Lamar, but I believe he lost something after this latest Chiefs loss"
Lamar “Vince Young” Jackson is back
All you people saying the halftime analysts haven’t been watching the game ... have you ever thought maybe just maybe the Ravens aren’t playing nearly as badly as you think they are?????
Looks like the Bengals made their halftime adjustments.
Lol both QBs playing bad... atleast we winning right fellas hehe :/
I fucking want the bengals to score to test our offense rig now
People need to be more positive. Lots of good stuff in this game to be happy about. Lamar throwing a lot might be in response to the Bengals scheme and not Roman being a moron. Keep your head's up Ravens bros and gals!
Tucker’s not looking so hot today.
Antonio Brown
Only in r/ravens could you find fans crying about being up 17-0
"Trade for Allen Robinson, Julio, hell at this point AB not looking to bad...F\*\*\*"
Not going for it?
Convincing?
"Lamar is having a Sophomore slump. 

Bozeman is having a day."
Think it’s going to be closer than we all think burrow is legit
Marquise Brown = Mark Clayton
"r u n 

t h e 

b a l l"
Stop giving Ingram the ball
RGIII time?
We spent a third round pick on Miles Boykin \*Sigh\*
Judon is my least favorite player on this team
"Offense shouldn’t have had a free play, by rule. They should’ve blown it dead. That’s just refball, and not on any player in particular as they would’ve called something else"
Horrible call
"Wtf Roman? Punt the fucking ball. Lamar had a few shocking throws that drive but still, do not like that playcalling one bit."
"Looked like Andrews didn't get the right release there, wish they had a replay (or Sunday Ticket let me rewind)"
[deleted]
Ray Rice!!!
Idk if lamar can read pass defense well
"Lamar's worst game since the Chargers first half in the Wildcard. 

What is going on?"
Not enough time to get tucker close
Please run the football consistently in the second half. I'm on my knees begging you Roman :(
YEAH SACK HIS ASS
"My prediction: there will be changes in the bye week to address the lackluster run game. Until then, we will see Lamar passing 30+ times a game."
Lamar throwing the ball while we’re up by 17 bruh cmon
Wtf is Lamar doing?
That’s it Roman. Literally never pass it again. In fact let’s not put a QB in just a backfield of running backs.
Thank God we ran him for 2 yards or else you guys would be up in flames.
All ofnourboutside runs require cut backs to get any yardage. We need to move to a more conventional offense.
QUEEENNNNNNN
QUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN
Geez at least mark the Ravens side of the game balls...
"Pathetic, just absolutely pathetic. With this kind of defensive domination and our run game once again flourishing when given the chance, we should be leading this 50-0. 17-0 is just pathetic at this point."
Brown is a huge softie
Screw it we’re up by 20 MCSORLEY TIME
Lamar hasn't looked good since week 1.
"Lamar isn’t playing good so put in McSorely to clean everything up

People don’t understand jokes in this sub lmao"
Boys I hate to say it but the madden curse is very real... and it’s got our boy
[deleted]
i'm staring to feel bad for burrow. if we score this drive i hope he gets some momentum the next drive
Dude I might just turn this game off lmao. GG y'all.
I'm very much irritated right now. What's going on? What happened to the Ravens being a revolutionary run-first offense? ROMAN PLEASE! >:(
At this point I'm thinking Harbs is waiting to release JK and Gus at the forefront until later in the season to preserve them.
"If we pass before 3rd down at any point in the second half, I’m gonna be so pissed off"
Should’ve just started RG3 Lamar obviously isn’t 100%
"Jesus Christ. Someone was open enough. It's the NFL. Lamar's pass just lasered out at 100 mph and didn't even give the receiver a shot.

Literally wtf is our offense right now?"
FUCK MAN
[deleted]
Does Lamar have COVID?
Orlando Brown got beat on that pass.  He's really having a rough stretch here.
We know we can run I say keep passing
Fake?
"This game is way too close, I know it's unlikely but if the offense doesn't get it together, and the defense slips a couple times they could come back."
BeNgAlS aRe GoNnA bE sO mUcH bEtTeR tHiS yEaR!!!!!!
[removed]
[removed]
Lamar aint helping the narrative that he cant throw.
Lamar couldn’t hit the water if he fell out of a boat.
Proche has done nothing as a returner
"holy shit... i think i'm cheering for burrow to play well

guys, help me"
"Our offense is terrible. 

Lamar seems determined to be a pass only QB and its showing."
There’s Zero chance the raiders win this
[deleted]
Nice coverage 100 million dollar man
"Why is judon is fuckin zone coverage in the middle of the field like a fucking safety

I can’t stand either of these coordinators"
Butker is automatic from anywhere in the field
""
Just missed from half field :(
""
""
[removed]
[removed]
""
Getting it first makes sense with the “Ravens can’t win from behind” narrative. Too bad their offense sucks donkey dong.
"Am I crazy or is this old fuck calling Lamar ""Murray"" every other play"
I came here to see if anyone else was hearing Murray. Can someone @CBS on twitter and let em know we aint got Murray playing.
He definitely is.
Just did it again. My guy prepped for the wrong game.
LJ’s mom needs to get on Twitter and get them straightened out.
"Is a weird tick he has, because he only says murray during the play. Once the play is over, he says jackson. Hopefully their producers say something to him during the break."
I think this guy is drunk/high. So many mistakes today
Nah. It's every play.
Gumbel has been terrible and he usually doesn’t bother me. He also said “complete...” right after LJ’s interception. and then just went dead silent for 10 seconds before Gannon corrected him. And Gannon called one of LJ’s weird misfired passes a “coverage sack.” Just horrible announcing.
So it's not just me then. Every single drop dropback it seems.
How in the hell do you do this to the reigning mvp? This is some matt schaub shit
His producer needs to be correcting him
Inexcusable that it’s going on this long
I want a super cut of every time he said Murray
I literally only came here to check if anyone else was heading this lmao
"It was sorta funny the first time, now it’s just incredibly distracting."
Came here to complain about this lol
How have all of us noticed and none if their production? These announcers are horrible.
"“The pass is complete!”  

“...”  

“...”  

“...the pass was intercepted?”  

“Yah my b the pass was intercepted”"
Hahaha yup
Driving me crazy. He has said it 7 times
Yeah it’s nuts
"I kept hearing him called Marquise Brown, Marcus too. He has been so bad."
" A grasshopper walks into a bar and the bartender says “hey. We have a drink named after you!”

The grasshopper says, “you have a drink called Murray?” 

Sorry."
"Edit: Sorry. It is Greg Gumble.

Edit 2: I think someone finally told him. Our work here is done Reddit."
"Is greg gumble not harlan. Harlan would never, he is the GOAT"
It's because he's a gibroni
"Yeah, it's gotten pretty annoying.  He's done it like 5 times now."
Greg Gumbel is the play-by-play guy today; not Harlan.
I know. Driving me nuts. He has said it at least 8 times.
The fuck was that throw
Thanks
Update: he just did it again. I think he's high/drunk
"Why does /u/cringeemoji keep referring to Greg Gumble as ""Kevin Harlan"" on this reddit thread?"
don’t slander the great name of Kevin Harlan.
HUMPHREY IS THE GOAT
"With Dan Fouts retirement, Gumbel & Gannon inherit the dementia"
Getting old
Who cares. WHY does he keep calling Lamar Murray. It is driving me crazy.
""
Thought it was a Louisville throwback for a quick second
I chuckled
Greg Gumbel is going senile change my mind
"Arizona Cardinals --> Louisville Cardinals --> Baltimore Bird Team --> Black QB --> Lamar Murray.

That's the best I could come up with."
"Gumble is now apologizing lol. He knows he's had a bad day.

It's not his first bad day."
And Rich Gannon saying Marcus Peters was renowned for his ability to force fumbles. Next play Humph forces a fumble. Do they actual do their research?
Quality crappost. Have an upvote.
why do we always get the worst commentators
"Speaking as a football fan, a Lamar/Kyler Super Bowl would be tasty.

Speaking as a Ravens fan... pass."
I love Murray
Oof
My homies decided to make it a drinking game every time he said Murray. Ended up having to crack more than one beers.
BEST QB EVER
[deleted]
Just a scrimmage developing both QBs. Both are coming along well.
Good game as well. I hope burrow balls out for you guys!
[deleted]
MAKING HIS CASE FOR DROTY !!!! Playmaker !!!!
Thank god the packers drafted a QB
Ball don’t lie baby
He cracked Joe with so much vengeance😂
I haven’t watched anyone else except for the Seahawks. Defensively is he leading the roty race?
"At this point, I don’t see any reason to pay him long term. He needs to step up in a huge way over the last three quarters of the season if he’s trying to earn a deal - so far it looks like he’s just going through the motions knowing full well we’re planning to let him walk."
"He really needs to put up numbers to get a worthwhile landing spot. 

I don’t think Wink hasn’t been especially helpful in his schemes either."
"At this point I actively don’t like him. He’s good for a bone headed penalty each week, usually on third down, and he cannot finish his sacks. Mahomes is one thing, but Burrow? FOH dude, I wish we had someone better than him to bench his ass for, but unfortunately we do not."
Why would he go through the motions if he's trying to get paid? If anything he would try to ball out and sign a huge contract with the Jaguars or something. He's just not executing in a contract year.
"On a day we got 7 sacks, our “no. 1 pass rusher” got a grand total of 0."
Because he sucks. Why is it so hard for people to admit Judon is ass cheeks
[deleted]
"Oh no. 


He stole AJ's voodoo."
He was wide open?
"I'm happy to see Lamar getting better as a passer, but it feels like we are slowly loosing our mean pound the ball offense identity."
We need to establish a passing game and get some scary deep tape up.
"I have no clue. I think the coaches are using these games to improve Lamar as a passer, when the game is kind of already won?

But Lamar is missing passes he should make. Am I worried? Not really. But at the same time, its not really great to see."
"Lamar’s accuracy seems to have taken a step back.  I have no facts on this, just the eye test."
"I mean, the success we had last year running isn’t sustainable, especially losing Yanda. 

That being said the play calling by Roman these last few weeks has been questionable at best. 

Also don’t forget Lamar missed 2 practices this week. He’s clearly not 100%, I’m not really worried about it. 

That being said did the coaching staff forget about Dobbins?"
Idk I’m a little worried if Lamar is still making poor decisions throwing the ball...starting to loose my patience
Where are you seeing Lamar getting better as a passer?
Yanda retired.
""
"GG onto the next one. 

O-line needs to heal up, and our downfield passing game looks God awful/borderline non existent even against the Bungals. We will never win any meaningful games against good teams by running it."
"PAY THE MAN!

I don't care if its us or another team. The man deserves a big paycheck and a starting role in this league."
It better be us.
We want the Gus bus till the wheels fall off
[deleted]
10/10 shitpost
[deleted]
"The ravens have the best kicker in the NFL. “this guy is money”. Recognition tucker deserves.

Edit: well fuck. 61 is far as hell though."
""
I’ve never seen anything like it. Lamar has thrown it 28 times like we’re getting stomped out by the Chiefs again.
"Hopefully we'll add another panel at the bottom saying ""keep passing to practice for the playoffs"" or sum shit haha"
Abandoning the run after a false start and now starting the drive at 1st and 15
the playcalling and play design continues to be questionable as fuck. we’re doing well but bengals just keep giving us short fields. for fucks sake even the raiders have already put up 24 on the chiefs. y’all are gonna say i’m overreacting but roman needs to go and we need to hire someone else this shit is getting extremely annoying
I listened in on Q and Sarah Ellison post game and Q said he thought it was maybe a “get some live reps” type of situation.
"I see the ""passing as a way to help Lamar improve"" narrative, but in a run first offense, you run to set up the passing game. When we abandon the run, we never set up the pass game, have little success passing, and overall see morale decline. I can see it on Lamar's face every time he's on the sideline. He's not having fun like last year and this could actually be shattering his confidence."
I'm ready to move on
"I think this is a result of both life without Marshall and Lamar being hurt. If we're trying to limit Lamar, then we lose the read option which is our most efficient play (imo). Running without Yanda, well that doesn't need much of an explanation.

We need to chill and let Lamar really get healthy. He's not running, his throws are off. I'd be all for letting him rest for a week or 2. Groin injuries are a total bitch"
""
Herbert >joe burrow
Bengals o line is player of the game
"They’re getting to Lamar far too often and if it’s not fixed it’ll be the teams Achilles heel. Teams will be watching and far worse, it could lead to a Lamar injury."
"You lost the hall of fame glue guy in Yanda.

It doesn’t look great, but you hope it improves as the season goes on."
"Yeah, we do need to retool a bit"
Offense is playing like I do in Madden. Just trying to get good stats against a bad team and failing miserably. Though it’s kinda smart if they are trying to work on the passing game against a bad team. We can’t continue winning only one way
We need Lamar to do oline adjustments and hit the hot reads. Oline might be average but Lamar isnt helping
""
holy shit
[removed]
""
anyone have a clip of this?
""
“Someone”
The Bengals have done a good job at stopping Murray on the ground today... 🤯
He never said Kyler so kinda dumb
I’m sorry guys but I’m not a believer in Greg romans offense any longer. He can’t scheme these receivers and I refuse to believe it’s the WR room. The offense looks so difficult. They can’t complete easy 5 and 6 yard passes consistently. They’ve invested in the RB room but aren’t making meaningful runs on downs that matter. It’s time for a new offense.
He’s a ground game master that appears to have abandoned the run
"I just don’t understand why he’s always so eager to move on from what’s been proven to work for our team. He did the same thing under the Niners offense. He’ll bust out a league-best offense one, maybe two years, and then immediately become complacent"
Imagine if we had Kubiak at OC right now..
"The WR corps is lacking. This has been an Achilles heel for the Ravens for a decade. I wish Waller hadn’t had a drug fueled breakdown after we drafted him, but he did. We really have no deep threat that teams are scared of. I’m not a fan of 15, but because of the relationship LJ has with 15 he continues to throw to him. These are wasted downs. We need a true no. 1 receiver like DJ Medcalf or Julio. We can’t go to a SB with a 5’9” wide receiver."
""
GOT EEM
It's a shame he hasn't lived up to his potential. Will be happy that he's one less player that we have to give a big boy contract too.
Terrible effort on this post
""
Fumble 6!
I LOVE THIS DEFENSE !!!!! GIVE PATRICK DROTY ALREADY !!!!! ALL PROOOO MONEY MAN MARLOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! THANK GOD FOR THIS DEFENSE CAUSE THE OFFENSE HAS BEEN MEDIOCRE TODAY
The defense murdered them. I can’t say I enjoyed watching Joe get handled like that tho😂
pass rush was good today. I mean it was against a piss poor oline but i’m glad they did what they were supposed to do
"Queen DROY

Marlo DPOY

Duvernay OROY

Jackson SB MVP


Real talk, cause the first two are the most likely.. have the DROY AND DPOY ever came from the same team?

I know the Saints had ORoY and DRoY with Kamara."
I feel like I’ve said enough.
"I realize I’m super biased but any chance he gets a couple votes for DPOY?

Guy hasn’t given up a touchdown all year.."
3 FFs in 5 games
Dude is unreal. His extension seems like a bargain.
"It’s Gilmore, White, and Marlon. Then everyone else"
DPOY
"yes roman deserves criticism for play calling and i get that. but another reason both the passing game and lamar have looked shoddy - lamar isn’t taking what’s in front of him. he looks for the big play too often. there have been tons of times today and over the course of the season shallow crosses and drags are open, and lamar throws into coverage instead. sometimes it works, but often times it doesn’t. they need to work with him into taking what’s readily available, as opposed to always looking for the big play."
"it’s true, but that’s like 3 or 4 plays. roman just doesn’t design good passing plays. he uses boykin as a decoy to run downfield like 70% of the time and still the only wr who even gets open is hollywood. lamar isn’t having his best game right now but roman is starting to show why he keeps getting fired from his other jobs"
Running the ball opens up the big play my friend
"Lamar looks like he’s trying to stay in the pocket and prove he is a traditional passer. Regardless of whether that’s the case or it’s playcalling or he’s hurt, he hasn’t looked good lately."
"Lamar was sick this week and missed 2 practices. He looked bad today, but I'll let it slide this one time"
"I completely agree, BUT I would like some more creativity out of Roman. More motions, different formations, or maybe let Lamar call some audibles at the line change up the play, you rarely see him do that. I do agree Lamar does throw deep a bit too much, and sometimes the deep throws aren’t near the WR. He needs to spread the ball more, throw some short routes anything. Miles Boykin I think can be such a great WR but he doesn’t get the opportunities."
"It's not all on him. This offense has been sleep walking since week 2.

1) Lamar is extremely inconsistent.


2) Right side if the line is a joke


3) we are very predictable when we pass


4) Lamar cant handle blitzes at all


5) Ingram clearly lost a step


6) WRs cant get any seperation unless its schemed (including Hollywood)"
"Man I can't buy this take even though I want too cause I like Roman.

There is zero reason why you can't put out Mandrews, Brown/Duv, Boyle/Ricard, Ingram/Gus, and Dobbins and just cram the ball down the defenses throat.

All of them catch, all of them block, all of the backs + Lamar can RUN.

Not one defense has shown signs of being able to stop our run game. So run it. Don't hide it. They know it's coming. The whole league knows it's coming for 1.5 seasons and they can't stop it unless we give it up. It doesn't matter. Run it.

And while we're at it run it and no huddle that shit so the defense can't substitute the whole first half of the game. You want to get creative, Ingram and Dobbins can both split out a la Rice, Brown/Duv can end around, even Boyle/Ricard can catch on a screen or something...

Seriously! Let our OLine eat on the run game like they are built to do. Let them lean on a D-Line for a half.. and then when the other offense has only had 7 minutes of ball time in the first half down 21.. if you want to pass and work the pass... Have at it.. but the first time you 3 & out.. you better go back to running that shit.

I get it's ""easier"" for other teams to run out of 11 and we are trying to do that more.. but we aren't feasting on being like other teams. We were the team that DIDN'T want Jackson at receiver. We were the team that put a while offense around him. We are not the team that does what everyone else does.

RUN ROMAN RUN."
[deleted]
Nice of an old teammate to escort him to the endzone.
"That play highlights what I love about queen. He may not be in position all the time, but damn if he isn’t at least the second ravens there to help/make a play"
Anyone else recognize another play with the bengals based on the field position?
...
Marlon is the best DB in the league.
Consider the Queen for DROY campaign started
"4-1 is still 4-1. Need to clean up some things for when we play Pittsburgh.

Edit: Whoa thanks for the gold!"
I think it's getting safe to say that Judon will not be getting a long term contract from us.
That wasn’t Lamar we saw today. That was Murray.
Lamar seems to want to show he can throw deep but keeps throwing into double coverage. It's insane
"Defense good 

Offense... Bad"
Anyone else see Lamar limping post game? Bye Week can’t come soon enough
"Very Flacco-esque victory today.

Y'know, the scariest thing about this Ravens team is how we are still crushing the other team despite how mediocre our offense is playing, albeit being two of the worst teams in football these last two weeks, it's still somewhat promising to know that we haven't peaked yet."
"I’m hoping the odd playcalls are because Roman wants the guys to get live passing reps against a weaker team since there was no preseason

Great game by the D!!!"
"Ok so I know I’m supposed to talk about how shitty our offense played and how this the “shittiest blowout win” you could have, maybe it’s because people like watching offense more than defense overall. But our defense played so phenomenal that I hope more people talk about that. This is honestly one of the best defensive performances I have ever seen (not exaggerating) and it reminded me of old school Ravens football. That is something more people should be happy about and not take for granted. There is still a reason why we blew them out even if it wasn’t the typical blowout."
I think Lamars knee is bugging him more than theyre telling us. He looked uncomfortable all day.
"FUCK U CHIEFS!

THANK YOU RAIDERS!"
Defense the REAL MVP
"Patrick queen is really gonna be a ravens legend huh?

Edit: thank you for gold! My first ever."
Why cant Roman just run the fucking ball against a porous run D. They're trying to turn Lamar into something he's not overnight instead of taking incremental steps and it's hurting our offense
I’m sure this was mentioned in the game thread but why the hell did Roman call the game like we were losing once we went up 17-0? There is no excuse for Lamar to throw the ball almost 40 times against the Bengals.
"The defense is starting to coalesce. Some of our young guys had big days. Great to see. 

The offense is going in the opposite direction. They have no identity or cohesion. Greg had a couple bad playcalls but was decent overall imo. 

Lamar on the other hand was awful. 6 interceptable passes. 3 thrown right to the defender. 2 happened on b2b plays. His decision making has never been worse than it was today. He was very sloppy with the football. He looked like he wasn't prepared for the bengals' scheme. IMO, his 2 days of missed practice factored in here. Look for him to have a bounceback game next wk (if he practices).

The offense has way too many miscues as well. The tape from this game will be horror show worthy on O.

Hopefully, the offense gets some practices in and figures it out."
Greg Roman needs to get his shit together.  There is zero fucking reason Lamar should be throwing the ball 37 times in a blowout win.
Defense
"Marlon makes plays PERIOD. Contract looking better by the week. Rest of the D not looking too shabby, but Cincy has some pass protection problems, even with Burrow holding onto the ball too long sometimes. Our OLine problems still persist and Lamar is trying to do too much. 4-1 still and with some work to do."
"That offensive performance does not give me any confidence.  This is a shitty take for a 27-3 win with a lights out defensive performance, but man...

Edit: Thanks for gold birdbro!"
"From the looks of this week's game thread, was it a blessing in disguise that I wasn't able to watch this game? lol"
"Defense was fucking scary today

Offense was disappointing but hopefully it was mainly because Lamar missed some practice."
MONEY BAG MARLOOO
"DEFENSE! 

Thank you!"
"Someone in this thread is confusing the guild button for the upvote button lol.

I'm really proud of our D today. Especially Humphrey and Queen. But we still have to figure out how to call passing plays. And Greg, please run the call more! It's our greatest strength!"
I mean... the offense can only go up from here right?
"Will receiver's ever be safe from Marlon Humphrey? Is there even a chance they figure out how to defend themselves from the dreaded Fruit Punch

Wow, my first Gold! Thanks!"
"Every team in the North is getting better on offense and we're still trying to figure it out. I know last season was kind of similar, but I don't think we have much time to waste. Gotta get it together and quick. Ay least the defense looks great outside of playing Kansas City."
"Who thinks it's time for Duvernay to start over Boykin? Yea G. Roman needs to figure something out as far as an offensive scheme. Lamar got real lucky the Bengals defenders didn't feel like catching the picks he was throwing today.  Please can we for the love of god run the ball more.

Thank god for Marlo,Queen and the rest of the defense. Good defensive win, Offense better fix it's self soon we got a bunch of tough games upcoming."
"Either our pass plays are designed horribly or Lamar is having trouble passing, hoping it’s the former"
I feel so bad for Joe Mixon
"What a fucking putrid offensive performance. That score should have been in the high 50’s. This kind of shit won’t cut it agajnst the steelers and the tits and the chiefs.

Lamar must be sick or some shit. Im worried aout him man, why the fuck did they keep him in the pocket so much?

-edit- Thank you for the gold."
"LB @Patrickqueen_ living up to the hype as a first rounder. - @gdowning14)


Check out these stats through the first 5 games:

* 42 tackles.
* 2 forced fumbles.
* 2 sacks.
* 1 fumble recovery.
* 1 TD."
He rushed for 3 yards because he is hurting a bit right?
Lamar limping at the end of the game.   He's still hurt.   Happy with the W.
The offense needs serious help if theyre gonna beat playoff teams.
"Fuck the Jets, back to back great TD throws from Flacco dropped"
"fuck the eagles

on a happier note, the raiders are beating down the chiefs"
"This game was a shutout. Won’t accept otherwise. One of the most dominant Ravens defensive performances in team history.

Three FF, five DBs get sacks, defensive touchdown, less than 200 yards allowed.

Absolute dominance. - @ravens4dummies"
"Mahomes threw picks and lost the game, they should cut him, right guys?"
"Offense was really bad, i kept hoping they would get it together this game and it just got worse and worse. Lucky only to have one int."
7 sacks today.
u/I_ThinkMyDogIsCool How much money have you spent gilding all of these comments lol. I’m so confused
"We didn't get shut out :\^) 

I want to die"
"I will never be disappointed by a 24 point win with no injuries. Hope they can get the passing game back on track, but the defense is showing up every game but one."
Why does everyone have a gold
"So quick question, the Chiefs are losing to the Raiders so who should they fire according to you guys?"
Anyone else think Lamar was limping with the shot of him walking on the field at the end?
Defense good. Offense bad.
Happy bout the win and disappointed in the offense. Way too much talent to only put up 14 on this team
"I’m convinced Roman wants a head coaching a big, so he’s trying to pad the stats, but is failing at it."
I didn’t think the offense played well. And we still won 27-3!!
Well..we won! But yeesh. Offense has me concerned.
"team has room for improvement; but we can beat the bottom teams comfortably. 

need to improve if we want to do anything in the post season"
Raiders going to beat KC
Holy shit what ab unsatisfactory victory. Bench Boykin and sacrifice someone's first born child for a legit 2nd/3rd option.
That last 6 minutes took like a half hour
We are all Raiders fans on this blessed day
Marlon “Fruit Punch” Humphrey
Imagine if we had JJ Watt playing today.....
Like the good old days - defense carrying the win today
Philly better shit the bed when they play us next week.
>Harbaugh said that Otaro Alaka has a likely season-ending knee injury. - @jeffzrebiec
TODAY ITS A GOOD DAY RAVENS WON AND CHIEFS LOST!!! PARTY TIME
"I think it’s pretty clear that they were staying away from the option run with Lamar, and the offense suffered for it.

The dude is clearly not 100%, and why force him to run when you’re up 17 in the first half?
A little concerning, but the 2nd half playcalling by Roman was just awful..."
How are we all feeling about Hollywood Brown moving forward imo he hasn't made a huge impact so far is that his fault is it Lamars fault? Other receiver's from his draft class have started to come on lately and I'm just waiting for him to make his presence felt
Raining gold in here
Give me gold /s
Maybe we should hold off on bringing the brinks truck for Lamar
Our offense makes me want to throw up
Chase Claypool has more TDs today then Boykin has in like ~20 games lmfaooooo. WTF did we do to piss off the WR gods JFC.
>Harbaugh said that it was OL coach Joe D'Allesandris' idea to rotate Patrick Mekari and Ben Powers at RG. Team wants to get both experience and fells like they both deserved to play. - @jeffzrebiec
Pleasantly surprised seeing Ferguson flash at run D. Still waiting on his sack potential though
Why do we keep so many RBs on the payroll if we're not going to use them? It seems like our roster is setup for the opposite of the plays we're calling on game day..
"Before burying Lamar, keep in mind that his QBR before today was 6th in the league. His amount of TD's was 11th and his interceptions was 4th least. I can't find the updated stats, but they will still be good. If this is what Lamar looks like while being slowed down it's not bad.

The phantom knee injury is really concerning. They can take a long time for normal runners to get rid of. I don't know about Lamar, since he is made of something different, but it's still concerning."
"Is it just me or does Lamar seem not quite as quick on his feet this year in his scrambles?

edit; just saw in this thread he has an ankle issue. did not know that."
As a Chiefs fan I'm glad your fanbase is one of the few that isn't putting the chiefs on blast for their horrible game today. Congratz on the win boys! We hope to see you in the playoffs!
"I watched the Ravens game since my lions were off. Wow y’all been fun to watch before but damn, is this what it’s like to be a fan of a good team? So much fun to watch."
"Bro joe burrow just face down ass up on the turf while your d just ran train on his supple rookie bussy, massive fucking tenderloins lubed up and brined in man sweat, slow cooking in his rectum at body temperature until they became rancid and tender enough to not need chewing and then turns around and let them spoon feed the rotten fucking hogslop to him all with a smile on his face, great defensive showing."
"Hoping lamar's struggles this week can be mostly attributed to lack of practice/knee injury. But he has not been in 2019 form since week 1 this year. That said, he looked pedestrian through the first 5 weeks of last season as well."
What a pussy FG by Cincy lmfao. At least try for a TD with your rookie
Love this defense
"""Murray, present."""
"I wonder how much Lamar’s illness/knee bothered him today. He was noticeably off in multiple ways. Luckily our defense had Burrow locked down

Edit: thank you for the gold!"
"I haven’t seen anything posted yet about this but, anyone curious about Lamar not playing at 100%? He missed 2 practices this week, I’m guessing that’s why they were throwing so much and the lack of option runs"
"Defense looked very solid against a poor offensive team. The offense looked very mediocre and Lamar looked very mediocre vs one of the worst rush defenses in the league. There were flares of greatness but it wasn't consistent. Like everyone else, I think they need to run the ball a lot more and be more consistent. I don't have an answer for that, it seems like an OLine issue to me."
"If we learned anything from this game, it’s we need better receivers. Andrews can’t do everything. We need a true #1 receiver, if we want to go deep in the playoffs."
"It’s tough to tell how much of Lamar’s regression is due to a nagging injury, being worried about a worse O-line, or something else entirely, but I have faith in the team to get something figured out. There was always regression coming from an offense like last year. Remember, at this point last year we were 3-2 and one week removed from being blown out by the browns."
Queen is king
"I said it earlier, but there must be a lot of new fans here. You have to remember the days of yore. Testaverde, Banks, Redman, Grback, Boller. When we went to our first Super Bowl, our kicker, Stover, was one of our best offensive producers. Its in our DNA when one side of the team isn't doing great, the other can carry us. I know; last year our offense was so fun to watch, but we'll get there!"
"Why is Lamar throwing that sloppy sidearm bullshit? I don’t get it, he just looked uncomfortable"
Congratulations to you guys on another win! Love you all
Just got off work. That punch out for the touchdown was the single most beautiful defensive play I've seen in uesrs. Talk about the concentration and grit from Marlon. Dudes a fucking legend.
It is time to move on from Boykin
Holy shit you beat our asses. Am I surprised? No. But I was hoping to put up more than 3 points.
I know some may not agree but I think we should get rid of judon and stanley I was not impressed with neither today and some team will be dumb enough to give us a first for stanley and possibly a 3rd for judon and a player idk I could be reaching I would love for us to get two first rounders somehow for next year
"To be honest,  I love that we try different things when we are clearly winning.  It's all free practice. 

I do think Lamar looks less agile somehow.  Or that he forces himself to plant his feed and take the sack/ get hit.  I know it's ridiculous to think he does it on purpose but something looks... off.."
"OMG DEFENSES HAVE FIGURED US OUT (were 4-1 averaging 30 points a game) lol.

Everyone take a deep breath. There’s a lot of rookies on the team and well click more as the season goes on. There was no preseason and a virtual offseason and they’ll get better. Meanwhile we’re winning games by two possessions or more. It’s fine. The chiefs lost to the raiders and the 9ers got blown out by the dolphins, we are coasting along pretty well as they improve more."
Can I have gold?
I'm less upset about losing and more upset about having the Trace McSorley song in my head.
"Amazing game from the defence, way to get into Burrow’s head & dominate from start to finish. 

Also pretty bush league for Taylor to go for the FG to ruin the Ravens shut out - he’s been in the league long enough to know how bullshit that is. Wink & the defensive staff won’t forget, expect that joke of an offensive line to get dominated in the next matchup too."
"I'm thinking something's up with Lamar. First missing practice, not running today, bad reads, and the limping in the post-game. I'm smelling an RG3 spot start incoming. 

Interior line is still a problem IMO, and this game I think showed what we currently have isn't good enough. Really hope we look into a Larry Warford, but idk how we'd make the money work. 

RB's and Secondary are still disgustingly good. Receivers not named Brown or Andrews are still not good (Though Duvernay is still interesting)."
Shit performance against a shit team. Still happened to pull out a win. Love my Ravens but this makes me concerned.
"Not happy with the team. No signs of improvement over the last few weeks. 
Lamar hasn't looked good this year. Might be hurt. That frames the question of why we were passing so much. 

If Lamar is hurt why didn't we go run heavy once we were up 17-0? That's on the coaching staff. Changes need to be made if we are going to win a playoff game. 

The Steelers will reveal what kind of team we really are. We might not be able to score vs their D."
What’s happened to our RPO offense? The one that was kind of good last year.
Pittsburgh is good. Like probably better than us right now. We need to figure some shit out
"#The rules are simple:

* **Submit a player/coach/position group**, preferably **in BOLD** to stand out easier. Add stats/reasoning if you want.

* Make sure your nominee has not already been submitted. 

#**Previous Weeks**

* Week 1: Lamar Jackson
* Week 2: Marlon Humphrey
* Week 3: Whole team except special teams (blame)
* Week 4: Patrick Queen

#**This week's nominees are...**"
"Wink Martindale 

7 sacks, 5 by scheming DBs 

Kept Mixon in check 

Had a shutout till last 32 seconds"
"#ENTIRE DEFENSE

Mainly Marlon and Queen though, God DAMN Hump is insane"
"I'll go with **MARLON HUMPHREY**, **PATRICK QUEEN** and **PERNELL MCPHEE**. Humphrey for continuing his quest for this year's Defensive Player of the Year Award and being the only Ste*a*ler^TM I'll ever root for; Queen for being all over the field and coming up big with a sack, forced fumble and 2 fumble recoveries (something a rookie Terrell Suggs did 3x in 2003) in addition to his touchdown return; and McPhee contributing significantly off the edge by finding his 2014 form today."
"**Patrick Queen**


2 fumble recoveries, 1 forced fumble, 1 TD, 6 tackles, 1 sack"
"#MARLON HUMPHERY

playing lights out all season and that punch is lethal"
"Patrick Queen again. This guy is fuckin good. 2 recoveries, a TD, 6 solo tackles and a sack"
"Thank god the Ravens secured Marlon cause every play would have jacked his price tag to ungodly numbers....deservedly so.

But it was nice to see Queen and Burrow together again at the end of the game"
"#MURRAY

He was dominating in the first quarter. Played much better than Lamar Jackson did today"
Queen
"# Patrick Queen

Dude played like he was possessed. He smelled blood in the water against his former teammate and he balled out with that motivation to see Burrow on the ground. He's looking better and better. Rough game/benching against KC was needed and he's looking like tried and true Raven already.

Entire Defense looked amazing. Marlon gets major props, close second for player of the game for me. As well as Peters, MCPhee, Elliott all looked great and contributed as well."
"Bengals OLine. I know Burrow held onto the ball too long at times, but that OL is straight trash on fire. Our pass rush is questionable, but that OL got destroyed."
DEFENSE
DPOY Marlon Humphrey and DROY Patrick Queen
"Defense, especially Marlon, MP, Queen"
Entire defense except Judon
**Marlon “Fruit Punch” Humphrey**
Defense.
"DEFENSE!! carried us all game, offense decided the game was over after the 1st half and decided not to show up"
"STARTING DBS. They combined for 5 sacks, 1 INT, 1 FF returned for a TD, and mostly shut down Burrow. Clark also had an INT called back because Judon lined up out of position.

I don't know how to check this but this has to be the first game in NFL history when all five starting DBs had a sack."
"Marlon Humphrey. Queen also had a great game, but his td run was set up by Marlon's punch out"
Marlon Humphrey!
"I’m gonna go out of the box here and say **Tyus Bowser**. Felt like dude was everywhere, made tons of tackles, set the edge well, and was in Burrow’s backfield constantly. Looking like a legit player"
Defense (honorary pick is the drum line)
Patrick Queen
Does our secondary have more sacks total than our line?
"Pernell McPhee, he dominated"
#Marvin Humphrey & Juiceman
"Just gonna echo everybody else and say Defense/Humphrey. Though low key I thought Jimmy Smith had a very good game. I didn’t hear his name called much, and when I saw him in coverage he was always plastered to his man. Maybe that’s because he didn’t get that many snaps and was given easier assignments, but either way, it was good to see him execute well. I’m not trying to put him out there as player of the game, more just mentioning his effort to make the point about this being a win for team defense."
"**Marlon Humphrey, Patrick Queen, Marcus Peters, and McPhee**"
MARVIN HUMPHRIES
"DEFENSE!!!

Although would not mind giving it to Marlon in particular."
The Baltimore Ravens Defense.... They played lights out the whole game.
Tough between Marlon Queen and Peters.  I say give it to Queen
Tie for Humph and Queen. What a steal Queen was
"**MARLON HUMPHREY,** baby"
"Patrick Queen hands down.

(A lot) # of tackles, a sack, a forced fumble, 2 fumble recoveries, and a defensive TD??? 

No questions asked."
It’s a hard call between Marlo and Queen but I’ll go with **Patrick Queen**. His whole performance was just super impressive for a rookie
"Marlon Humphrey

Special shout out to Queen also"
MARLON HUMPHREY
"#Defense. Wink, Marlon, Queen — Everyone getting it done."
Defense !
QUEEN 100%
**MARLON**
Marlon Murray
#DEFENSE
QUEEN OR HUMPHREYS
defense
Humphrey
Defence as a unit!
**Defense**
YAS QUEEN!
This one has to go to the whole defense
"**Patrick Queen**, with a side of Humphrey and Peters.

The whole defense did a tremendous job."
Fruit Punch
Marlon Humphrey aka dpoy aka Fruit Punch
Defense!!!
**Defense Making Burrow Look Like A Rookie**
"as a steelers fan, ur entire defense should get the award. man y’all played a good game"
"Sorry for being late to the party this time around, but I agree with the majority that everyone on defense deserves the credit this week.

Offense though, absolutely not."
"If you had to pick one, It's gotta be **Patrick Queen**, he won AFC defensive player of the week, had an insane stat sheet."
Lamar. 🙁
""
Patrick did not force the fumble
Marlon forced the fumble what the fuck
Give Marlon his credit
Beautiful to watch. :)
""
Really missing Yanda right now and it shows
"Niners and Bills fans warned us. Roman always does well his first year, but the gameplan starts getting stale in year 2 and 3."
I want to tell myself that they were just trying out a whole bunch of shit once we were up by a comfortable margin but I’m not super convinced of that
I think it’s safe to say he’s not going to be in Baltimore when the seasons over. Maybe even sooner if shit goes downhill for us. Idk if it’s still Super Bowl or bust if we’re being realistic. Today’s play calling was abysmal. But we’re still 4-1 only reason the Steelers are most likely going to be 4-0 is because they haven’t played anybody.. giants Broncos Texans and eagles
I feel like every game this year Roman has either abandoned the run or stuck to it way too sutbbornly.
I think it’s safe to say he’s not going to be in Baltimore when the seasons over. Maybe even sooner if shit goes downhill for us. Idk if it’s still Super Bowl or bust if we’re being realistic. Today’s play calling was abysmal. But we’re still 4-1 only reason the Steelers are most likely going to be 4-0 is because they haven’t played anybody.. giants Broncos Texans and eagles
""
Burrows going to be a backup in about 5 years if the bengals don’t protect him holy fuck that hit that patrick gave him was Bad
I watched that man block Mixon today using his own tight end 😂 absolute unit
Calais was such an amazing offseason pickup
Just picked off Mahomes in the 4th! Raiders are up 40-24
Pressure Pat Mahomes with a 4 man rush.  We can't do that with our olb.
And he almost threw a second.  Sailed over his WR
"The first thing I said to my buddy is that the raiders were rushing 3 every time and the chiefs were having a hard time.  I was begging for wink to do that.

Interesting to note that the Pats held the chiefs without a td for almost 3 quarters all while rushing 3-4 as well."
"How to beat the Chiefs; 4 man rush, score 40 points."
""
"Eagles are trash, hopefully we can knock them off easily, use the bye for Lamar to get healthy and then face Pittsburgh at full strength"
They're gonna blow it
See also Las Vegas.
If only the eagles could've pulled off the upset as well
idk what tf is up with our offense but something needs to change
1 possession game.
"If I were the Raiders, I'd go for it..."
"Sigh, wtf was that penalty refs? And they didn't even show the replay. Gift wrapped free points for the Chiefs..."
GG!!!!! LET'S GOOOOOOOO!!!!
""
Greg Roman is a bus wanker
Harbaugh should tell him to plan on the field instead of in the box. Being bitched at over the mic is way less threatening than face to face.
Harbaugh won’t do shit. Never does when it comes to coordinators.
If we can't turn it around let's go for a younger mind for once.
Greg is Harb's buddy. Harbaugh won't say anything...
"Greg Roman on passing plays - ""Let's have one guy run deep and then have all of our other receivers run routes in the exact same place."""
He’s gone by the end of the season hopefully sooner. There’s a reason why dudes always bouncing around the league
[deleted]
[removed]
"Lamar Jackson:	19/37 180 yards, 2 TD, 1 INT, 71.9 Passer Rating

Joe Flacco: 18/33, 195 yards, 1 TD, 82.3 Passer Rating.

Joe ""ELITE DRAGON SUPER BOWL MVP"" Flacco outplayed Lamar Jackson today."
Lamar still won
Lmao true but what about Ws?
And they lost by 20... we got the W and in this league it only matters if you win
Why do these posts exist?
""
If only the Steelers lost. Fuck the Steelers
Now we just need to get a pass rush.
What’s that say about how we played them though
Chargers did too
like our coaching staff will do anything different
"It seems like every time we beat the bengals, the chiefs lose."
There’s a god lmaoo
It just shows the chiefs didnt beat us we beat ourselves. Gotta keep stacking wins and show them who will RUN the AFC
""
That looks just like greg roman lmao
Someone please make a Roman meme with this
""
Pass coverage aside. He is going to be a great addition to this defense. Granted he’ll get better at reading offenses and knowing where he needs to be in coverage. Pissed we didn’t get Murray. But he’s proving me wrong.
"Saw a comment saying joe burrow would show lamar how to be a proper qb

Yeah he showed him alright"
My favorite stat from this week: Patrick Queen had more TDs than Joe Burrow
How tf is Chase young on here of he hasn't even played for 2 weeks?
""
I mean it was greg roman lol
If the Jets hire Roman like they’re rumored to I think we should look into the college ranks and get a new guy with creative ideas
Trade him and a 5th to the Falcons for Jones now that Quinn is out... J/k
[deleted]
""
""
Why would you target Marlon Humphrey?
And he’s just getting started
Sometimes I feel like he allows a bit of separation so the QB think the receiver is open and he just comes in and hits the ball out.
He's simply a beast. Even some of the best athletes at DB can't transition inside and do what he's doing. Special player.
Best CB in football!
"Both Marlon and Marcus play games with the qb. They both like to sit off a bit and try to force turnovers. With all of the turnovers he’s forced this season already, I’m sure Marlo is perfectly fine with being targeted the most"
""
"Top tier content. I knew coming in this would be it, and you exceeded"
DPOY
😂😂😂
Art
POV: you just got caught by a wide receiver
"Lol, fantastic"
Those eyes... those damn eyes.
Meme of the season
Fruit punch
Marlo Humphrey's Punch Out!!
Sidebar pls
Beautiful
Damn. Which photographer did he punch out to get this HD shot? Incredible
This is the Lamar Jackson of memes
Based
Lmaoooooo
colorized photo of Juju smith schuster catching a pass
Amazing depiction!!
This is too perfect
INCREDIBLE!! I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING!!
This is simply legendary content
I laughed so hard that strangers asked me what this was
"lmao, this is great"
This is why we re on reddit!
Is that the 4CHAN frog face?
I have a feeling Marlon Humphrey mains doom fist
[Is this where you got this meme from? ](https://youtu.be/xs6wm3iXTgE?t=0m19s)
[removed]
[removed]
"Lets see:
- Missed 2 practices 
- out with an illness
- knee injury 

Better to play trash at the beginning of the year than at the end so please stop with this bullshit"
Obvious troll post. This sub is filling up with trolls disguised as fans spreading negativity. We’re 4-1 ffs
"Go back to r/Browns, cock sucker"
"> I dint think that’s debatable.

Let me just make a controversial statement and make sure it's even more controversial by saying it's not debatable."
Okay...
Yikes this sub really can’t handle even the slightest bit of criticism can it
"He had a bad game after barely practicing throughout the week. Don't make too much of it.

This seems like a massive overreaction."
""
And we refuse to incorporate Duv more when the other teams have been saying for weeks that all they have to do is follow Andrews and Hollywood
"Spread out offensive distribution against philly coming up... hopefully.

Duvernay is a real player. It's time to get him involved."
Start Duvernay over Boykin...maybe convert Boykin to TE? Snead has been absent the past couple weeks and i think its time that we start Dobbins over Ingram. We are def feeling the hurt of not having Yanda on the oline.
jessie bates is a bengals safety fyi
"When J.K. Dobbins in the slot is probably the third best receiving option in Baltimore's offense (only because we haven't really seen Devin Duvernay yet in the passing game), it's extremely difficult for the Ravens to rely heavily on the pass like they have been doing.

Competent teams know if you limit Andrews and/or Brown, Lamar is going to have trouble trying to get the football to anyone else. Boyle is never going to beat a defense, Boykin has been a disappointment/hasn't taken that next step and Snead IV has largely been invisible this year outside of the Browns game.

I know other users were saying that maybe the Ravens were ""testing"" things out against the Bengals, where they were trying to get their passing attack going instead of going to the tried-but-true rushing game. However, when Jackson is still focusing on Mark and Hollywood for the most part, I feel like the result is that there isn't enough talent on the team at the moment to force Lamar Jackson to beat teams with his arm. Like, at least try to get Duvernay and maybe James Proche more involved in the offense if you want to pass more; but even that hasn't been the case."
It'll get exploited once we play a real team again
Devin Durvernay in the slot needs a chance. He is explosive.he needs more targets
If he knew that why couldn’t he stop them then🧐
Not wrong but still fuck you
"I honestly think the offensive regress is two fold. The obvious being Yanda, but less obvious being Hurst. 

I think Lamar needs multiple reliable TEs"
This offense is so damn predictable when it comes to the passing game. If we don’t start getting everyone involved our team is basically going to do this every game. Bruh fucking Baker Mayfield looking better than our guy he’s throwing to everyone. Roman needs to go
"I don't understand it. Y'all remember that  99 yard drive vs. Cleveland week 1? Here let me remind you of the passing on that drive:

LJ to Ricard for 9 yards

LJ to Boykin for 25 yards

LJ to Hollywood for 21 yards

LJ to Hollywood for 4 yards

LJ to Snead for 16 yards

Mixed into all of that was a combined 21 yards rushing between Edwards, Ingram, and Dobbins.

Drive capped off with a 3 yard Dobbins score. Didn't even include Duv, Andrews, and Boyle. 

My point- we have so many weapons. I could be wrong, but it seems like he just keys into Andrews and Hollywood so much. 

&#x200B;

The two drives vs. the Bengals today that led to touchdowns was 93 yards combined. The offense was not able to move the ball at all against a pedestrian Bengals defense. Something needs to change with the target share.  Sharing the ball is a concept taught to second graders!"
Trade. Gallup. Do it EDC
Isn’t the problem arguably more scheme / play calling related than specific players being able to get open? When you watch other offenses that are doing well they seem to have more variety and deception which allows for big plays. We all what happens when Lamar is healthy and we have the RPO booming. Passing alone will never work unless you have the run to set up the pass or at least have some type of creative play calling.
We don’t have man beaters!
Duv and Proche need to get more reps moving forwards. Lamar has no interest in throwing to Boykin or Snead. Move Boykin to TE3 and have him run easier routes like slants and drags. He doesn’t compete well outside the numbers.
Lamar's biggest weakness. Doesn't give the others a chance. No wonder Boykin looks dejected and gives up on plays
Is AB going to prison? If not then let's just have a cup of coffee as a courtesy.
"I’ve been saying this since we played the chiefs ! Our pass game is basically Brown & Andrew’s. 


Isn’t it amazing that Andrew’s is getting doubled and he’s putting up better numbers than Boykins."
"That's why I don't see the point of a superstar receiver, even though I would love one."
He and Boykin are another planet. Snead has been invisible. Think we need more Duvernay.. or AB in week 9..
Trade Dobbins for CeeDee Lamb.
Throw to Boykin. Or at least look his way.
Just take of your own shit
ok
Go to bed.
How thin does your skin have to be to get so upset about something so trivial as a friendly Reddit post
[deleted]
Lol Raiders still hot garbage
"This game is the first time ya’ll have done shit in my life.

Don’t get too big for your britches fella"
"I know this is a ravens thread so I am expecting bias. And I may be biased myself which is why I'm posting...

But is there any corner you would rather have on your team right now not named Marlon Humphrey? He is only 24, locks down every game, and forces more fumbles than any corner I can remember seeing.  I'm not saying he is the #1 corner in the league, but I can't think of anyone I would rather have in my secondary. 

Thoughts on this??"
Marlon Humphrey is the best corner in the league THERE I SAID IT
[deleted]
"Humphrey, Gilmore, and Tre White are definitely 1A, 1B, and 1C. They're all elite."
"Gilmore and White are a bit above Marlon is terms of blanketing a receiver, but Marlon has a few things going for him that neither of those two can claim: 1) he is a playmaker/turnover machine 2) he is scheme versatile (can play slot and outside at an all pro level). 

I’m also a huge fan of Marlon in run support but I don’t know how White and Gilmore are in that area"
Thank God we paid the guy.
"Patrick “Soda POP” Queen

LJ “Cut Bucket” Fort

Calais “V-6’8” “ Campbell"
We don't need nicknames for every player ya know.
Buddy I have to be honest... those are the worst nicknames I have ever heard lmao
Wat
""
Why is it not surprising that every fucking DB got a sack but Matthew judon's useless ass has a big goose egg in that column?
That’s wild
I’m so fucking dumb for not picking the ravens D on fantasy I picked the Patriots D instead .. I’m still currently 3-1 hopefully 4-1 by tomorrow
[deleted]
"I was stuck in meetings this afternoon so I didn’t get to watch live, but I’m pumped!"
Mahomes is 0-4 in weeks where the ravens beat the bengals.
"I wish I cared about the Chiefs losing, but until we can beat them ourselves it doesn't matter to me."
It’s never to late. Woo woo
[deleted]
Or maybe its just me.
"1) Lamar obviously isn’t 100% 

2) missing Yanda affects the offense a LOT 

3) looks like Ingram has lost a half step. I think starting JK and Edwards and then throwing Ingram in as the fresh legs guy would be the wiser move

4) no #1 WR. Hollywood isn’t a #1 guy. Duvernay has shown a ton of potential the more he gets put in though. If he gets more involved in the passing game as time goes on we’ll be fine. 

5) Greg Roman has tried to get way too cute with play calling and his passing schemes aren’t particularly good."
No Yanda.  Lamar has been hurt all year.   No preseason.  Still no number one receiver.
"My biggest glaring difference is not having 3 TEs along with an elite guard (Yanda) to give Lamar an extra blocker and more options in the RPO.

WITH an extra TE, Lamar had more time to run through his reads, let plays develop and throw accurate darts to multiple receivers, or multiple backs, or tuck and run for 8+ yards getting ABSOLUTELY SILLY with defenders. 

Now, our playbook isn't as creative or imaginative, and Greg Roman is getting exposed every week, even when we win. 

We desperately need another blocking tight end. I mean, in the long run, getting JK Dobbins was a good trade for Hayden Hurst.... but it won't take long for defenses to get the better of Greg and Lamar. 

Our 4-1 record disguises it and makes us look better than we are... but, things need to change if we're aiming for the chip"
The fundamental problem is that our personnel have changed but our play calling and schemes have not. The plays that were explosive last year were so explosive because Lamar had more time to make reads and pick the best course of action.
Sign Antonio. This receiving Corp is terrible.
"Biggest issue is Jackson-Boykins! Lamar needs to be able to count on him here and there when Brown and Andrew’s aren’t on point and right now that’s not happening. No one had replaced the Robert’s yet and he was barely that productive except a few clutch catches (playoffs not included)

Teams are also playing the run very hard!"
""
How did Ray Lewis not have that many games considering he played 17 years with us?
[Not if we don’t punt](https://imgur.com/gallery/wvxAEkM)
""
Is it fun?
""
"Man I love older Disney movies, I prefer the animation much more."
""
Nice use of Cock Knocker.
"Someone should suggest this as a halloween costume for him, then tag mark hamill lol."
""
"I'm more shocked you don't use dark mode. In regards to Greg Roman, I honestly have mixed feelings."
"They're both positive posts on Greg Roman, who just helped us tie ""the greatest show on turf"" 2nd place record of 28 games with 20+ points.

Edit-added 2nd quotation mark."
Needs more complaining about being disrespected by power rankings and announcers.
"I wish him the best, just not with this team. Same goes for our receivers coach."
Anyone watch Dak get injured and get absolutely sick? Need to shore up our line so it doesn't happen to Lamar.
"Regardless it looked like a designed run? The way dak went down kind of reminded me of Flaccos slides, but it would’ve happened regardless of the O-line on the field"
"That had nothing to do with the Oline, defender fell on his leg, you hate to see it but it's unlucky. If it was a Namath style injury then you can say it's Oline related"
Injuries happen no matter how good your o line is. They are freak accidents that can happen to everyone.
Mans just lost a loooot of money.
What does the line have to do with this he was 10 yards passed all of them at the sideline
Just watched it and eww.
Think we should all take a minute to send thoughts/ and or prayers to Dak. Not easy seeing a teams qb being carted off crying...
"Really sucks man. Im a ravens fan in deep south texas, but ive been rooting for dak since he started over romo. I hope he has a quick recovery, especially with everything hes been dealing with lately. My thoughts are with him"
Good player and good dude. Sucks to see it happen.
That was horrible. Dak is a great guy who put his heart and soul into that team.
I like Dak a lot. It’s a shame he has to play for the Cowboys because I can and will never root for them. But I think it’s extremely important what Dak is doing in terms of promoting mental health.
"Really like Dak. Classy guy and really talented, he was absolutely carrying that team and it sucks to a top 5-10 QB go down like that"
That injury was hard to watch I hope he doesn't have any long term effects from it. How he left the field was infinitely better than how Earl handled it
By all accounts dak seems to be a great human being and an awesome qb. Good vibes sent his way and hope he heals up soon. The league is better with him in it!
[Here is a link to his charity.. please consider donating.](https://www.faithfightfinish.org)
"I've never heard anyone say a single bad word about Dak as a person. Even the people that criticize him onfield have nothing bad to say off of it. When this stuff happens it sucks regardless of who it is, but it's the worst when it's a genuinely good guy. Here's hoping he's able to make a swift recovery."
Funny how life works. Dak's injury happens on the same day as their division rival's QB miraculously returns from a horrific leg injury. Hope he comes back as well!
"I mean, it sucks...but that can happen when you bet on yourself and turn down 105 million dollars in guaranteed money."
if the jones camp doesn't take care of this dude if he never plays again or if he plays again for them then fk the cowboys to the depths of hell and beyond.
"was watching the game as it happened, thought he'd just sprained it until they showed a close up......"
Sad year for Dak with his brother passing too. Thoughts for the dude. Heal up!
"That was stomach turning. Felt so bad for him. The slow motion replay was like something out of a horror movie. 

Andy Dalton is a good backup, though. He’s got a lot of experience as a starter."
Hope for a speedy recovery
"T’s and P’s for his hopefully quick recovery. But on the other side of the pillow, our D gets to sack the piss out of Andy Dalton again this season"
I’m not a fan of the cowboys but I feel bad anytime someone gets hurt like that. When the Steelers had that player break his neck I felt bad and I hate the Steelers
"Man, that sucks so hard. It’s the sprinkles on the shit cake the Cowboys have given him over the past year or so."
"Yea that replay was up there with the Kevin Ware injury replay. I'm surprised they even showed it. I feel for Dak though, I hate to see that happen."
Jerry Jones should be ashamed for not giving him his payday. It's not his fault the whole team underwhelmes each and every year. I hate Dallas but I want Dak to succeed at the same time
That injury looked really bad. Im honestly hoping he keeps the foot at this point.
And this is why I never fault players for holding out. Dak thought he was worth a certain price and was absolutely exceeding that this year. Jerry needs to take care of him
"I was watching that game for fantasy purposes: I have Zeke, and my opponent had Dak. 

Seeing that injury made me sick man, took all the fun out of it. 

Definitely wishing him the best. He proved himself to be way better than I ever gave him credit for personally. Hopefully nothing that will affect his career long term"
I have to say after everything I realized this means we face the Andy Dalton led Cowboys next month and i breathed a sigh of relief
"Another win for that plucky, likeable underdog Jerry Jones."
"Extra sucks in that it's kinda similar to Earl Thomas in Seattle, he's been trying to get paid for so long now and now he gets hurt and that'll be used against him"
[removed]
"""KC getting Le'Veon Bell"". Is that a done deal now? Any source besides the usual speculation?"
"Because he liked some KC stuff? We see this all the time. Even Instagram videos of players together. Until I see someone report it, it’s all just speculation. I’m not playing these guessing games."
Goodell must intervene dammit they cannot let Lev go to the chiefs or steelers. I fucking don’t care if he goes to any other teams.
"> At what point do we say ""F*ck it. Sign AB.""

Never"
Calm down 😆
At what point do you realize it's never gonna happen and stop making these dumbass posts?
Ab can be signed after week 8 right?
In week 9 when he's cleared to play
Why do people care where Bell goes? It’s not 2017 anymore he’s washed.
I don’t understand why so many people on this sub seem to think signing AB would be some sort of magical solution. The dude is probably on the decline at this point and he would just be a huge distraction.
EDC is on the phone man chill. and AB is not happening
"I don't know how anyone that has observed Antonio's behavior would want him on the team ,I feel bad for him but there is no way I would sign him"
""
Nice quality work!
I wish I knew how to do that lol
Blew a bong rip past it and recorded. I like your touch 👍 haha
Might as well add audio of Marlo hollering distantly in the background
[deleted]
Noice.
"Normally I think these fan projects suck and cheesy af, but not this, this is great"
/r/perfectloops
"I was listening to a song that introduced some thunder sound effects at the exact moment that I started watching this and I was certain that the sound effects were part of your video, until I eventually realized they weren't.  That was a strange coincidence!"
Dope
PLEASE DO THIS EVERY WEEK! 🔥
Queen of the North
""
"Fast listen (12 minutes) in which Dan Rees and I take you through the 10 metrics you may not have heard as well as our interpretation of what each means about the current Ravens, including:

* What defense was most effective for the Ravens vs Bengals?
* What about Wink's defensive gameplan made it special?
* How to consider elements of responsibility for an awful day by Lamar Jackson?
* How long it has been since a coach broke a particular unwritten rule?"
[removed]
[deleted]
""
"tl;dr he goooood

(Worth reading though)"
""
"My 1 year analysis:

This guy is fucking awesome"
not bad for a 5th rounder
"For those interested, since joining the Ravens Peters has 5 interceptions, 199 interception return yards, 1 forced fumble, 1 recovered fumble, 2 TDs, 1 sack, 14 batted passes, and 55 tackles in 15 games. He has been targeted 93 times allowing 55 completions (59% completion rating) for 580 yards (10.5 yards per completion), and allowed 3 TDs. This is all good for a 65.7 passer rating. A QB with a 65.7 passer rating would be 35th out of 35 this year of passers with at least 14 passes per game, and 34th of 34 last year with the same metric. A 65.7 passer rating against would put a CB anywhere from 5th to 15th in a typical year.

Meanwhile on the other side, since Peters’ arrival, Humphrey has 2 interceptions, 8 return yards, 3 forced fumbles, 0 recovered fumbles, 0 TDs, 1.5 sacks, 12 passes batted, and 76 tackles in 15 games. He has been targeted 95 times allowing 57 completions (60% completion rating) for 505 yards (8.85 yards per completion), and allowed 2 TDs. This would be good for a 72.48 passer rating. A QB with a passer rating of 72.48 would rank 32nd of 35 passers with at least 14 attempts per game this year, and 34th out of 34 passers with the same metric last year. A 72.48 passer rating against would put a CB anywhere from 10th to 20th in a typical year.

Tl;dr - We have two of the best CBs in the game, but you already knew that"
his first game in seattle really set the tone for the rest of the regular season last year 😈
MP Juiceman.
Lol- a 5th rounder and Kenny Young.  Incredible.
"Such a great move, and a lot of fun as a fan. It was like a big offseason acquisition and we immediately got to see him play"
"I love his balance with Fruit Punch, who is much more physical to JuiceMans ballhawk"
[deleted]
J U Ice-man
What are the odds we land the best ballhawk in the league? Ed Reed has got to be so proud.
I was super choked when we didnt draft this guy. Always dreamt of him opposite of Jimmy. Look at where we are now... best DBs in the league
"I remember the days where we never get prime player out of free agency and just aging veterans which we can probably squeeze some sweat out of. No disrespect to Ozzie, but Decosta making splashes like this make it more exciting!"
He always makes me laugh on the field. He’s got a SSS vibe to him where he can just annoy the heck out of you if you’re playing against him. That’s Ravens football though 😈
MP JUICEMANNNNNNNN
"I'm really glad Marcus found a good landing spot in a defense that can accommodate his style of play. I miss him on the Chiefs and I still wonder if his erratic attitude had to do with Bob Sutton, the general locker room vibe, Kansas City, or what. I know he had his theatrics with us but ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ He'd be slaying with HB and Juan Thornhill behind him."
How’s that MP jersey treating you u/pjmoran840 ??
Eric decosta : and I’ll fucking do it again
If we can sign one of the best defensive players in the league with all sorts of antics...why the fuck don’t we aim for a big Signing on the offensive side? I heard the falcons might be cleaning the whole house soon and that includes one of the best receiver of all time Julio Jones who still has some juice left in the tank. It wouldn’t hurt to try to get him and he can end his career with us instead of somewhere he’s likely going to like the fucking jags or something. We coulda signed LB 2 years ago or Diggs recently bruh honestly it don’t hurt to try to get AB dudes crazy but he’s going to stretch the field and make our offense dangerous. Andrews and Hollywood have been great but if we don’t start getting Duvernay/Proche involved there will be a lot more games that look like week 3 all over again.
This may be the best in-season move our FO has ever made.  Certainly turned our D around last year.
And today KC signs Leveon for nothing. The powerful get more powerful. Nervous but excited for this two-way race to the top
""
Our beak is bigger!
I just made this my iPad wallpaper for the week.
"""Did you lay this football, Raven?""

""Big Truss""

""I knew it was Falcon.  No wonder there's no 2nd half"""
Please crosspost to /r/BIRDTEAMS!
"There's meme-level shit, there's shit-shit, and there's good shit. This is good shit 👍🏾👍🏾"
"If you crossed a Raven and an Eagle, would you call it a Reagle or a Ragle or an Eaven or ???"
All your matchup drawings are precious and I love them
"Can you make the background dark please, I like my dark mode and would love to have this as my lock screen"
Bro i love you
"I didn’t know you post on multiple subs.





You dirty dirty slut"
"Lamar isn’t allowed to wear his sick gold tinted Oakley visor during games. 

Lamar has talked about how in practice his receivers are getting open and they’re connecting really well, but then come game day no one can get separation and he’s missing throws. Obviously the only answer is we need to petition the league to let Lamar wear his Oakley visor and release Faster Chief on the rest of the league."
""" . . . Clearly . . . "" – Brian Billick"
"The real answer is that we need another running back. Some say we should go for Bell, but look no further than Buck Allen. In fact, he’s the answer to any question in these trying times. 

Who should we sign? Buck Allen. 

What’s wrong with Greg Roman? He hasn’t consulted enough with Buck Allen.

When is COVID going to end? When Buck Allen rises from the west."
Bro it ain’t the visor
""
"Our ranking last year was bottom 1/4 of the league and we led the league in TDs mate, and what we changed from 2019 was pulling Roman away fom the passing game and installing a new passing coordinator and still blaming Roman instead of watching the film or giving any honest critique that isn't the same regurgitation of ""Roman bad"".

Truth be told- Lamar isn't looking to Snead or Boykin, and they have been plenty open in all of the 22 film. We don't scheme players open, we are using our time with a wide point differential in game as an opportunity to test and teach our passing game, as well as get Lamar under center rather than insanely relying on the pistol formation. So stop complaining and let the coaches keep pushing the awfully bad 4-1 team until we flesh this whole 2020 team out."
Why would he need to answer for it?  We are 4-1 and have had huge leads in the wins (not racking up passing yards when you got a big lead)
"Look at the comments from 49ers fans in that thread. 

>""Someone should tell greg there is this thing called a screen play, it takes pressure off your qb.""  
>  
>""Roman is the root of our offensive woes, it's merely overshadowed by our lack of a receiving core. He's great in the run game, but it seems he can't come up with creative pass plays to save his life at the moment.""  
>  
>""We had open receivers at times Kap just didn't see them or he missed them. The O-line could not pass block worth a damn which in turn made Kap more nervous and he didn't have time to make more than 1 read. It is not all on Roman""  
>  
>"" While Roman certainly does deserve the blame for the last place passing attack, does he not deserve the credit for a top 4 rushing attack?  
>  
>The dead last ranking has fairly obviously been exacerbated by the fact that the niners simply haven't needed to throw the ball in the majority of their games to win. When you're blowing out your opponents, as the niners had done in the 5 games prior to the Panthers, you don't need to pass the ball. The niners simply haven't passed much and its not even close (40 fewer attempts than the 31st ranked team, 107 less than the average). So the overall stats look much worse than the reality actually is.  
>  
>That being said, the frustration with the niners passing is that when they've needed it…it hasn't been there. And more to the point, if the niners are truly the super bowl contenders that the public think they are, then silly things like good defenses shouldn't stop them from doing what they need to do to win a game.  
>  
>So go ahead and blame Roman for the 32nd ranked passing attack. But if you fail to mention the top 5 rushing attack, a second year quarterback, horrible receiving corps and a league low passing attempts by a wide margin then you're not telling the whole story.""  
>  
>"" I dont think you understand how bad it actually is \[Re: Passing Game\]. You make it seem as though we dont try to pass because we are putting up so many points just by running. That is not true. Our defense is why we are winning games. We cant rely on a run game alone and thankfully the defense has stepped up to carry the weight that our completely god awful passing attack has dropped.""  
>  
>"" When needed \[Re: Passing game\] it isn't there but that's just it for it to be there we need to be practicing it even while ahead. Even if they are just small screens and dump offs while ahead it would just increase kaps snaps and throws so he gets comfortable. Just because we're ahead on games doesn't mean we're should run the ball 100 percent of the time and risk injury to our backs

Most of these looked quite familiar to what some of us have been saying about the 2020 ravens offense. The last quote on the other hand...

Roman is currently trying to do just that and is still getting blasted. However, i agree w/ the other criticisms of him."
"The top comment on that thread is them complaining about the lackof screens, sound familiar lol"
"Edit: the link is dead but the headline highlights how the 49ers struggled as well with passing the ball under Greg Roman.

The Ravens passing offense is currently only outperforming the abysmal Jets, and not by much.  

Fortunately, the Ravens are ranked #3 for rushing yards per game, with only The Patriots (#2) and The Browns (#1) ahead of them. 

It's an interesting ride searching ""Greg Roman"" on the 49ers sub."
We need to put Hollywood and Duverney in the slot. Put boykins on the outside with a snead
I hope 6 years was enough time to work on those passing schemes.
Can we please as a football world stop using raw yards as the main metric for offensive effectiveness in 2020? DVOA we are 19th which while not where we want to be is also fine for now and not worth panicking about.
""
Who is Burrows? Why do people add an S to every NFL players name?
Joe Burrow is one tough MF. He took an absolute BEATING and kept getting up and doing his job. I really like him.
""
Yo that foot is the foot of a future first women's NFL kicker I guarantee it
😈😈😈😈😈😈🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌😈😈😈😈😈😈
Idk looks like a new bandwagon fan to me. Lol jk she’s adorable. Hopefully the squad gets the W for her first game.
"Congrats on the lil one, my brother. Excellent choice of clothing 🤣👍🏻"
May she never know a ravens loss! Congrats.
Beautiful little LJ. CONGRATS!!
"Hold her like a football, just don’t spike her"
"Her and my sister have the same birthday, albeit 33 years apart"
Congrats whoadie
""
I agree with Harbaugh. Shutouts are earned and we let them get in field goal range on two 4th down conversions
"I don't have a problem with it. Shutouts are hard, and they're earned. If you want one then stop them on every drive. If my team was in garbage time to a division rival I'd want a FG too to fuck their shutout"
What's Wink upset about? That Cincy didn't quit even though they were blown out? He should be upset that his defense let them get into position to kick that field goal.
 Cincy let Burrow get destroyed to try and be competitive when the game was lost in the first quarter.....
Want a shutout: stop the other team from scoring. It's the end of the game. No one cares
Update: Wink was calling Taylor a pussy
"Tbf, I don’t think any DC is too happy about another team scoring on them"
"Seems petty if you ask me. The game was ours at that point. They played a great game. Shutouts are always great, but garbage time points don’t reflect on a defences performance."
""
Dang. I know her from a friend of mine and she's a really great person. Sending prayers and wishing all the best.
"If anyone can kick cancer's ass, it's Tucker."
Super cool to see this from Tuck! Goat on and off the field
Man life ain't fair. She's so fucking young 23 with breast cancer wtf. I hope she beats the fuck out of it
""
That’s a take for r/ravens not r/nfl which is where I’m guessing you were
Can’t ever support someone who talks shit in another teams sub. It’s just petty and unnecessary.
"As much as I hate the Browns, this is an asshole take. They have the same record as we do right now and their offense is statistically performing much better across the board. Their defense isn't, but I wouldn't sleep on them this year."
YTA
"That's my heart's desire, however they are looking like a formidable opponent. Hopefully we still wipe em every year but I think the next matchup will be harder for us since ward is back and they are looking like they finally got into rhythm."
Bernard Pierce
Never forgot. Ravens.com once wrote an article comparing him to Adrian Peterson... seriously!
Got nothin on my boy Chester Taylor
Lorenzo Taliefero
The infamous BOBBY RAINEY
Bernard pierce was good af his second half of his rookie year and never produced again
What about our Irish dancing pot dealer?
CAKE DAY!!!
"This guy was so gifted athletically, but had no instincts whatsoever"
Rashaan Melvin
"Bro, I’m fairly certain I still have one of his energy drinks.

Scratch that, I’m thinking Bernard Pollard."
[deleted]
""
Eagles fans weren’t exaggerating when they said he sucked
[deleted]
They’ve been getting destroyed by good tight ends all season long
"From what I’ve seen, the eagles are using Gerry to cover the WR3/slot so Snead/Duvernay SZN babayy?"
[deleted]
"Chiefs are expected to sign Leveon, thoughts? 

I think he'll be good there because he's talented and it's the Chiefs, but he seems like a bigger CEH not a power back like they need."
"Some people in here will say it’s not a big deal, it’s a pretty big deal I’m confident Bell was not himself due to gase,"
I hate this league for allowing this
"Definitely sucks that they got another offensive weapon. That being said, they're gonna score regardless as long as Mahomes is there, so we just have to make sure we can put up a better offensive showing next time we see them."
ELI5 how the fuck KC is gonna be able to pay all the talent they have
"Because that team needed more weapons.  
:rolleyes:"
It'll make it even better when we beat them in the playoffs
"Honestly, I don't care. Maybe I should and don't know enough about football? Bell was once a great back, maybe he still he is. Feel like he's probably lost something, but is likely still good. But it's not like the run game was the Chiefs' big weakness. If they had picked up a stud defensive player, I'd feel differently. 

This just feels like the Chiefs making a move they didn't really need to (CEH is good) and Bell predictably ring-chasing."
Cool cool cool
"Lol it’s like people forget he was a power back at Michigan state and weights 225+... He can run between the tackles in short yardage situations, it’s just if another hole is bigger he’s going to cut through it"
"I'm not a cap genius, but weren't they the most cash-strapped team in the league? How did this happen?"
"*Checks notes*, nope running backs still don’t matter"
Fucking Golden State Chiefs smdh
It’s frustrating that our FO never goes for huge signs like this. A player of that caliber can be the difference between a win and a loss but honestly Trade doesn’t affect us  we already got the chiefs game outta the way. They’re only going to do damage to the rest of the league but not us. If we meet in the playoffs that’s when we should worry but until then we’re chilling in Baltimore.
Bell makes the chiefs less efficient because they are going to feel like they have to use him. And throwing check downs to the RB / running the ball is way less efficient than throwing downfield to Kelce/ Hill. Plus they invested a first round pick In a RB who they also have  to use
[deleted]
Give them separate pages they are different people.
The fucking disrespect
"It’s been discussed here before, how since we traded Hurst, we haven’t had the personnel to run the 3 TE sets we ran last season. If the Seahawks are willing to deal Hollister, what would you all think? He isn’t playing much for them right now, and they seem to prefer Luke Wilson. Thoughts?"
do we not have a third TE on the roster
Hollister was awesome last year when he was getting significant playing time. So if the price is right this would be a great pick up. Not sure how he is in the blocking department though.
"How much is left on the deal? If it’s one year then sure, but i doubt we carry 4 TEs going into next season and I really love Breeland (plus we stashed him so I doubt we trade for a TE that has more then a year left on there deal)."
"If they were going to offer any of their tight ends im almost positive it would be Olsen before the other 2, remember they also traded for Hollister to begin with"
"Wasn’t this a ESPN write up? We traded hurst away as we had a different vision. I don’t see us going back on what they want to do (even though from what we have seen, hasn’t been working great). 

But I’d be all for it. But that’s not the area of need."
""
[deleted]
Now it will feel that much better when we finally beat them!
with their insane running back depth?
I literally couldn’t care less
"Locker room distraction? Maybe. Until I start hearing Reid bumping his awful album, i'm not sold that he will be that impactful. Chiefs fans everywhere claiming ""We are unbeatable now"" though."
Because that team needs more weapons.
"This is been a bad year for us and I think this should be a mid scoring game with Philadelphia losing by less than ten. Honestly, I would’ve much rather beaten Pittsburgh because as you know, we play in the same state. So the next time, some Steelers fan tries to tell you that they are Pennsylvania’s team, (cough Penn state actually is) remind them what is on the state flag and the state seal of Pennsylvania and which city has over five times the population of Pittsburgh.  Our injuries and salary cap issues will not be a good matchup for a strong team like Baltimore. You guys are a great team to watch and I love the uniforms with the Maryland state flag embroidered on the patch. Oh and yes, thank you for demolishing the Giants in the Super Bowl 35. Bird Solidarity"
"Hey man..  excited for the game and hopefully it will be fun to watch and no injuries.  I expect our defense will hold you guys to 2 scores and we'll have to see how our offense looks.  Lamar doesn't seem comfortable yet but I think it's coming, maybe even Sunday."
"Hey mate, 
I'm feeling like it will go the same way as most of our games this season. A bit if a grind without looking too flashy, get a 2 score lead and then control it from there. Have also been riding that Andrews is in a favourable match up this week, so I'm excited for that, ( I wear his jersey during games) 
Most Ravens fan would like to see LJ8 have a big game, just for entertainment purposes as much as anything.  
Also expect Peters and Humphrey to get turnovers, especially if the Eagles are chasing points and taking a few risks, throwing into coverage. 
I tell what is hard though, working out if I want the Browns or Steeles to lose."
"The ravens are favored by +7.5 so Vegas thinks the game will be close between us.  With you guys getting your great strong safety back now it should be interesting with the ravens offense vs the Eagles defense, because the IOL is a mess right now and the Eagles DL should feast, but whereas before that didn’t matter as Mark Andrews would be open most of the time now you get Parks back which means Mandrews will have a far harder time, and a far more equal matchup Andrews vs Parks is a 60-40, Slay vs Hollywood is like 90-10, and I think our other WRs outside of Duvernay aren’t good enough to feast on your bad CB2/3.  As for the run game I expect it to struggle, because the IOL is still a mess maybe if we put Mekari as starting RG (that’s if Philipps isn’t back) we can do a lot more guard pulling (which we did last year with Yanda) like last year which would benefit the run game a ton.  If the ravens run game dominates I see them winning big because then the pass game is opened up.  As for the Eagles offense vs Ravens defense I don’t have any real confidence in the Eagles offense beating the ravens defense.  The Eagles OL is injured to death missing the starting LT, RT (Tackle #3 is also injured in Peters), and LG this should allow the Ravens DL to feast like it did on another bad OL in the Bengals to make matters worse Wentz is far less mobile then Burrow.  As for weapons your Goeddert (TE2 who is really good) is out with injury, Ertz is underperforming heavily (I think he’s mad about contract situation), Jackson and Jeffrey are both hurt and there status is questionable, Ward has really nice hands and chemistry with Wentz but he’s just ok, Fulgham just had one great game and idk what to think of him, and lastly Reagor has looked really nice so far, but he hasn’t built chemistry with Wentz yet.  Let’s say the Eagles have back Jackson and Jeffrey I still see Jackson locked up by Humphrey, and Jeffrey likely by Jimmy Smith (Peters can’t do that with the size difference).  As for the run game I really like Miles Sanders he’s a fun back to watch, but with that amount of injuries on top of the fact that he’s more of an outside runner which means the tackles matter a ton just makes me think his biggest impact is out of the backfield as a passing back, because the DL is going to be smacking around the Eagles OL all day.  I think this is either a low scoring game by both sides or a high scoring game by the Ravens (essentially a complete rebound) with the Eagles scoring like 10-17 (I have the Eagles under 19.5 points on the game and feel damn good about it).

Edit: Sorry for the wall of text I’m typing this on phone so it’s harder to tell where I should tab the paragraphs"
"Hey bro. Should be a fun game, but as another commenter said, Andrews will probably have a big day. You guys have trouble covering TE's like him. If you can get Sanders going in the screen game and Ertz back to fashion running quick block and release plays then you have a chance. Otherwise, Wentz hanging in the pocket equals big plays for us. Battle of the birds. Game on!

Also, people can say what they want about Philly fans, but this is a cool way to approach a conversation about our teams. Good on ya. Wish I could get a cheese steak from Jim's right now"
Eagles are good team but right now beating the Eagles or any other NFC east team wouldn’t bring us any joy tbh. We set our goals on bigger things and we’re hopeful to do that.
What happened to Ertz? Hes barley been getting targets
"we are going to win

thanks for stopping by"
"Ah, the classic philadelphia ""friendly discussion"", I am familiar with it."
""
That’s Mike Tomlin’s sleep paralysis demon
"At first while reading I thought to myself ""that's cute"" then read 16 and thought ""damn."" Lol"
"“Yeah...yeah w-what a terrible drawing, right guys?” - Me, a 36 year old man, crumpling up a drawing I made  of Tucker with hearts around him that looks about the same, possibly worse."
"You meant to say that he's 6 and made a typo, right?"
I'm 25 and this is exactly what my drawing would look like
That’s how skinny the draft analysts thought he was coming out of Louisville
"How on earth did he draw semi-good looking pads, and then proceed to put elbows 3/4 of the way up the arms 😂"
Wtf 😂😂😂
this is beautiful.
The neck is pretty accurate
I did a drawing of Ray Lewis when i was 15 that's very similar to this. Little less demonic though. Love it
The head kinda looks like the juggernaut.
I say we make this the subreddit mascot
"Ah yes, I smoked myself retarded when I was 16, as well."
Is he ok?
This funny af
I like the football for a mouth
We can’t all be Picasso’s. Go Ravens!
It looks like an Elite Viper Pilot from Battlestar Gallatica
Letard Jackson
"Fuck all these people who are clowning on him for being 16. At least he fucking tried and wanted to show it off. 

Art is a talent not all have (I certainly don't). Stop acting like everyone should be able to draw extremely well. 

Fuck outta here with shitting on something he's clearly proud of. That's fucked."
Lamar looking like an Egyptian Pharaoh
Looks way better than anything I would do.
"That's about my drawing abilities, and I'm in college."
He killed those 8's though
"Neck to body ratio is accurate though.  

As a joke, you should sell prints on Etsy.  I’ll buy one."
Looks like Lamar Vader! Haha
All these comments and not one Napoleon Dynamite reference.  I must be getting old.
My man has no thumbs
Lemurr jarkson
"This is immaculate. haters will say angry dog, I say dogs playing poker."
At least he got the neck right. Lol
""
Works for me as long as we keep winning and eventually beat that one team. I don’t want to even say their name until we finally beat them.
As long as we lead the league in either scoring offense or defense each year I'm good
"Damn, and almost half those points were from KC alone..."
We can blame that field goal on the offense too so 73 for ravens 🤣😉
""
So you’re saying Joe Flacco is on the same list as Aaron Rodgers for most pass TDs without an interception. #Elite
Sucks that he’ll probably be stuck on 98 career regular season wins forever and never hit 100
"Never forget that there have only ever been two QBs that have thrown 11 touchdowns and zero interceptions in a single postseason, where those 11 passing TDs are also a single postseason record. Both of those quarterbacks were named Joe: Montana and Flacco.

Joe Cools just know how to get it done when the spotlight is on them!"
All I needed was a picture of his face to confirm but this is good too
"Drew Lock, CJ Beathard, Cedrick Wilson, and Jarvis Landry must also be elite then."
Yeah next week he'll be off that list
""
Nice that there's not a single highlight of that in the video
PQ already a 1/3rd of the way to Rays touchdown amount lol
Jacoby sighting at 1:20 (on HOU haha)
[deleted]
"I forgot how beautiful Flacco's long ball used to be.  

Those two passes to Torrey and Boldin were amazing...just a flick of the wrist."
Hey Ben Tate! From my hometown. No longer doing much of anything these days.
""
FUCK
Man I miss the Chappelle show
"Browns always have been always will be the little brother, even tho I hate them to the max and it will always be fuck the Steelers but I actually have respect for them unlike browns or bengals"
"Fuck the Steel  

Fuck The Brown  

Fuck the Beng"
“the brown” 🤨
I literally will not wear anything that is black and yellow
I'd rather see PIT in the playoffs than the browns. Beating the browns in the playoffs would be like punching the retarded kid in school
I won’t even play black and yellow by Wiz Khalifa even tho it is a banger
Feelings mutual pal
I hate the bengals more than either of them.
The real answer is why not?
I hate the Pats more than the Steelers
Seahawks fans agree. Fuck the Steelers.
Who we rooting for this weekend?
AND THE BUNGALS
Nah the Browns are cool. I’d rather them take second place in the division than the Steelers. The Steelers can go eat a dick for all I care
"I started series of sports pages on Facebook during quarantine. Unfortunately, the person managing our Ravens page had to step down (he had a baby and just didn't have the time). We are looking to replace him with a Ravens fan. If you would have interest in talking Ravens football and building your own personal brand while doing so, send me a message and I can give you the details. We can talk about bringing you on for a trial run! This is not an official job application or anything. Just some like minded people who wanna talk football with their fanbases. 

Page: [https://www.facebook.com/Ravens366](https://www.facebook.com/Ravens366)

&#x200B;

Our other pages:

[https://www.facebook.com/366Sports](https://www.facebook.com/366Sports)

[https://www.facebook.com/Giants366](https://www.facebook.com/Giants366)

[https://www.facebook.com/NEPats366](https://www.facebook.com/NEPats366)

[https://www.facebook.com/PittsburghSteelers366](https://www.facebook.com/PittsburghSteelers366)

&#x200B;

Not sure if this is allowed and if it's not I'm sure it will get quickly removed (also sorry, please don't ban me lol)."
""
You should’ve asked him why Bernard Pollard hates him so much
"That's pretty fuckin cool, man."
"Oddly enough I've ran into Harbaugh a few times, guess that just small world Baltimore."
"If you were at the Ronald McDonald house, just let me say that I hope all is well and wishing you health and happiness."
Did he give you any coach-like advice?
How are you doing these days?
##WholesomeHarbs
##WholesomeHarbs
You should have asked him why Gus Edwards doesn't get more carries.
"On [today’s episode of Ravens ReCAP](https://ravensrecap.com/2020-eagles-predictions/), we had Phil and Alex, two life long Eagles fans who are now in the Baltimore area, discuss their team. It might be our funnest episode yet."
"Based off their commentary, I’m making a lot of DFS cards with Lamar Hollywood Andrews stacks. Might be a blow up game for a ticked off offense."
[deleted]
Do it!
If you really need WRs it’s worth it to trade a D when you can stream options Defensively week to week
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Beware, this game might be postponed, eagles just put a guy on the covid list"
"Beware, this game might be postponed, eagles just put a guy on the covid list"
"Beware, this game might be postponed, eagles just put a guy on the covid list"
""
"> Bend don’t Break.

Fucking Dean Pees"
Having to come in and deliver dots on 4th down must be nerve wrecking. Im convinced Sam has never felt an ounce of pressure in his life. #GOAT
"If it were me, I think I’d be totally chill because they’re asking the punter to throw a pass. What’s that? I bounced it at his feet? I’m the punter!

I suspect Sam is much more of a stud than that."
Ice in his veins
Koch and Cox 2024!
"Other than Orlando Brown (1996-1998, 2003-2005), Brandon Stokley (1999-2002, 2013), and Brynden Trawick (fuck him)(2013-2015, 2019) have the Ravens ever let a starter/significant contributor leave for another team and then bring them back a season or more later?

I'm not talking about one day signings, or guys who were on the practice squad or in training camp but got cut before playing in a game. Other than those three, have we had a starter/significant contributor leave, play elsewhere for at least a season, and then come back and start/contribute for us again??

These were the only three I could think of.

EDIT: I'm a fucking moron and forgot about the obvious answer right in front of my face. Thanks for pointing it out u/riprulz8. Pernell McPhee (2011-2014, 2019-now)

EDIT #2: Updated List Chronologically

- Orlando Brown, Offensive Tackle, Moved with the Team, South Carolina State, #77 & #78 (1996-1998, 2003-2005) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orlando_Brown_(American_football)

- Cornell Brown, Linebacker, 1997 6th Round Draft Pick, Virginia Tech, #51 & #90, (1997-2000, 2002-2004) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornell_Brown

- Brandon Stokley, Wide Receiver, 1999 4th Round Draft Pick, University of Louisiana at Lafayette, #80 & #14, (1999-2002, 2013)  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brandon_Stokley

- Marques Douglas, Defensive Tackle, 1999 Undrafted Free Agent, Howard, #94 & #91, (1999, 2001-2004, 2008)  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marques_Douglas

- Ma'ake Kemoeatu, Nose Tackle, 2002 Undrafted Free Agent, Utah, #92 & #96, (2002-2005, 2012)  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ma%CA%BBake_Kemoeatu

- Pernell McPhee, Outside Linebacker, 2011 5th Round Draft Pick, Mississippi State, #90, (2011-2014, 2019-now) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pernell_McPhee 

- Josh Bynes, Inside Linebacker, 2011 Undrafted Free Agent, Auburn, #49,#56, & #57, (2011-2014, 2019)  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josh_Bynes

- Brynden Trawick, Safety and Jacoby Jones Killer, 2013 Undrafted Free Agent, Troy, #28 & #31, (2013-2015, 2019)  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brynden_Trawick"
Pernell McPhee?
Ma’ake Kemoeatu is another one
"Josh Bynes 
2011 - 2014 & 2019"
"Orlando Brown (1996-1998) and (2003-2005) then we drafted him again in 2018.

Jokes aside I wonder if Za'Darius Smith is going to end up like McPhee coming back, or staying behind enemy lines like Adalius Thomas"
"C.J. Mosley

2014 - 2018

2022 - 2026

--

Non-troll answer: Brandon Stokley"
"Marques Douglas had three separate stints with the Ravens: 1999, 2001-2004 & 2008. He was a starter on the DL (along with Anthony Weaver & Kelly Gregg) for several seasons — from 2002-2004, if I recollect correctly — and a significant contributor during his third tenure with the team in 2008. His case is interesting — much like Orlando Brown, Ma'ake Kemoeatu & Brandon Stokley — since those involved playing for two different coaching staffs. Granted, Ozzie was still the GM in each instance."
"Can't forget the guy they did it to about 18 thousand times, Prescott Burgess"
Josh Bynes was the guy who made the tackle on the last Kickoff in the Superbowl and we brought him back mid season last year. He played well too.
I’ll add a lesser known name as well: Cornell Brown
Josh Bynes was the guy who made the tackle on the last Kickoff in the Superbowl and we brought him back mid season last year. He played well too.
"Bobby Rainey made the roster as our kick returner in 2013, left and had *some* offensive production in Tampa Bay and came back to us and returned a 96 yard kick return vs Chicago on October 15th, 2017."
We should have. Should have brought back KO this year.
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Week-6-picks-el5gb8](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Week-6-picks-el5gb8)

ya i have us winning eagles are too banged up"
[deleted]
[removed]
Completely destroy my confidence in my team
Your team took a knee and cheered for the Browns in their own stadium. You guys are literally monsters.
"Nah, but I'll bring up that time you tried to make a r/governmentcensorship subreddit and spelled Government wrong

[One for the road](https://i.imgur.com/jt8lj0f.jpg)"
"Your QB only still has a strong arm at his age from all the porn he is addicted to watching. 

I dont know what the fuck a Yinzer is but it sounds like an STD.

Yellow and black is a terrible color combination and that Wiz Khalifa song is overrated. Also your throwback bumblebee uniforms are hands down the worst across any sport.

That Tag show the Watt brothers did was in the top 5 worst things of 2020, next to their Subway commercials.

Mike Tomlin intentionally stepped on the field to disrupt Jacoby Jones.

You may be undefeated but you have barely beat 4 teams with a combined record of like 2-14-1. You are about to get stomped by the Browns and exposed for the overrated trash you are.

Juju is NOT a #1 receiver. And Connor is not great, but let's keep remembering how he once had cancer!

You guys lost to Ryan Mallet and got swept by us in a season we won 5 games.

Your backup QB tried to pick a fight with Myles Garrett and nearly got decapitated.

And finally, fuck the Steelers"
Pittsburgh? More like shitsburgh
"Big Ben? More like Big BIN (Cuz he's trash)

TJ Watt? More like TJ SNOT (Cuz he's a booger)

Bud Dupree? More like Bud Du-PEE (Cuz Piss)

James Conner? More like James GONER (Cuz he's a goner)

Mason Rudolph? More like- an individual who likely has CTE for a variety of reasons, such as several concussive impacts on his skull via sacks or qb hits, and an incident involving a helmet.

In all seriousness, I respect all Steelers fans that come in peace, and good luck getting second in the AFCN."
Yeah someone said what i was thinking. Shitsburghs coach prevent Jacoby Jones from getting that td. And the qb raped people. Fuck em.
You may have 6 rings but you've squandered just as many by choking in big games.
December 30th 2018
I don’t think they need a capacity maximum in your stadium. Just a tooth minimum
Your QB is a Trump supporter...among other things
Have a nice day.
[Tonight on](https://youtu.be/NDOgN6Q5xyo)
""
Starting at :52
""
I think he’s pretty good at beating his blocker but he can never finish the job and get the sack. Remember how many times he was chasing Mahomes but couldn’t bring him down? He’s not the star pass rusher we need him to be and I think bringing in someone like Melvin Ingram could take the focus off of him in the trenches and he might do better
"Nobody thinks he's ass. But he's not worth the hassle he's giving for not getting paid. Even still, he hasn't been unbearable and seems like he's giving the team a chance to come up with something that's fair to him. I don't hate the guy, but you'd think he'd do better than he is considering he wants Khalil Mack money"
Idt anybody thinks he’s bad. He wants Aaron Donald or ZSmith money though when he isn’t putting up those kind of numbers. He doesn’t beat double teams the way his peers whom he wants be payed like do
EXTEND BOZEMAN NOW!!!
"What's the quote from Joker? 

""I'm just a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do if I caught one""

Judon, at least according to this, is excellent in beating his blocker. It just always seems like he can't finish from there. I'd be curious to see where our other pass rushers are on this list, because I'm assuming they are all embarrassingly low (Maybe outside of Calais)."
"Hes gone next year.


He doesnt win his one on ones and he only gets sacks when hes free off the blitz or against a TE. Not bad but hes definitely not a cornerstone of a defense."
"I think people just don't know what exactly he's asking for in terms of contract, since he's getting 16 mil this year people assume he's asking for more than that. 

While I don't think he's worth more than 12 mil a year for his production, people have to understand that this defense is one that prioritizes depth in the D-line so no one set of guys are gonna put up 10+ sacks each with the 2nd set getting 2 or less. I think the 2018 defense is a good example, there were multiple guys with 5+ sacks because we had depth."
"He is clowney light, all pressure no finish. He isn’t good enough to justify his attitude with the media and fans he displays. He just isn’t a dominant rusher deserving of more than 15 a year, and he thinks he deserves Marlon money."
""
"See this is something that wouldn’t have even been on my radar had they not fucking posted this. 

Now I’m gonna build up expectations in my head and get disappointed when we don’t get him."
Don't do that.  Don't give me hope.
I might trade as many as 3 5th round picks for Julio. Maybe even 4..
EDC is checking his pockets for his spare 5ths as we speak.
"I think we have to give up a 3rd maybe 2nd min.  I could see the asking price being lowered if we threw in one of our young IOL guys like Powers or Mekari, because that’s where they are god awful on offense."
“Best we can do is Nelson Agholor”
Julio Jones or JJ Watt to the ravens! Its time EDC
Julio for a 2nd round pick!
Orr you kidding me?
This would never ever happen
"I expect Big Dick Decosta to pull the trigger. We’re not leaning on Myles Boykin down the stretch, and Hollywood could learn a thing or two."
"I mean Atlanta would probably only win like 4-5 games max with Ryan and Julio on the roster, might as well yank even harder and try to get Lawrence"
"Anything can happen. Hell, we couldve got Nuk before he went to Arizona. 🤞🤞"
I really hope EDC doesn't make it happen.  We'd have to give away valuable draft picks plus take a huge cap hit until 2024 on a WR that will be 34.
""
are you trying to give me a boner at work? because it’s working
Damn Proche got lanky
"I'd love to have Julio on the team he's a top 3 WR and a future hall of famer, but I wouldn't want to give up a whole lot for him cus of his age, he'll start to decline within 3-5 years"
"What would we give up for him? Maybe two seconds? He’s a premier talent, but I couldn’t see EDC giving away a first for a 31 yr old receiver."
The Ravens and getting loads of quality production out of older receivers. No better duo
Kamar Aiken’s final form
What is this in reference to? Why in gods name would Julio go to the Ravens lol
Bama ties 🤞🏾
I don't think we would be able to get full production out of him. Lamar prefers the short TE passes or passing to them over the middle. Either way I don't think we will be able to unlock the real Julio if we were to to get him. Which is a shame as I honestly think he's the best receiver in the game. He literally has everything I want in a receiver.
[removed]
Please don't do this to me.
"ALL ABOARD 💨
THE JULIO HYPE TRAIN 🚂
NEXT STOP THE CASTLE 🏰"
"I don’t think EDC gives up a first for anyone, especially not a hurt 31 year old. I think someone like Gallup is more realistic.

That being said I would insta-cum if we got JJ all the same"
With this years salary for Julio.....can we afford him??
WE DON'T HAVE THE CAP SPACE! It makes no fucking sense.
"I’m gonna get downvoted to another dimension but I’d rather have Antonio Brown, I don’t have as many concerns about his health and it would cost us less than whatever other teams are going to bid for that trade"
"What's up r/ravens, Banks from over at Barstool Sports here. Just wanted to chime in that myself and a couple other fellas started a podcast (real original, right) a few weeks ago talking Ravens, O's, and everything else Baltimore under the sun. We do a weekly episode including interviews and then a shorter instant analysis podcast that gets posted about an hour after every Ravens game.

This week we had Morgan Cox on for a great chat about his 10+ years here. Fun little clip here of him talking about the Wolfpack smoking cigars in the Superdome after winning the Lombardi

[https://twitter.com/Exit52Podcast/status/1317062036958961668](https://twitter.com/Exit52Podcast/status/1317062036958961668)

Anyway, we think the first 6 weeks have turned out pretty great and the feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. We're confident that it's only going to get better and we've got some big name guests on the horizon. Twitter account is here where you can find links/info to where you can listen and subscribe to the pod.

[https://twitter.com/Exit52Podcast](https://twitter.com/Exit52Podcast)

Feel free to chime in with feedback and suggestions on how we're doing so far. Even if you think Barstool-related content (this isn't an officially affiliated podcast) is not for you, I encourage you to listen anyway. I think any Baltimore sports fans who want good analysis but don't take themselves too seriously would enjoy. Thanks for reading my ramblings and go Vens"
Great job getting Morgan Cox on the show. I’ll give it a listen as a fellow ravens podcaster.
Hogan just announced 10% stadium capacity for home games... How hard/expensive do you think it will be to get tickets?
"I’m hoping they give PSL owners first opportunity to buy them. When the team sent us the email before the season started, the plan was to somehow give us first shot."
"That’s 7,100.8 people. Maybe I’ll chop my leg off and attend a game"
"Eagles are allowing 7,500 this weekend. Stubhub prices are 250-600 a ticket.   Would expect something similar most games.  More for Steelers"
"I'm guessing $500 - $1000 minimum per seat.  I wouldn't pay it just because part of the fun of the game is hanging out and getting loud as hell with 79,999 other people."
"Definitely not that high, people won’t pay that much"
Eagles tickets are going for around cheapest nosebleed 150 each but you have to buy 2-4 minimum I believe
They are probably only selling to season ticket holders like what other teams are doing (except the Jags since they are full capacity).
It’s not official yet. Hogan is doing what he usually does and jumping the gun to put pressure on local governments. Jack Young will have to approve the stadium being open for fans.
I'll most certainly be attempting to buy and sell
[deleted]
Hes been in close contact with someone but hasn't tested positive and has 0 symptoms
Hes been in close contact with someone but hasn't tested positive and has 0 symptoms
What do you mean by here we go lads?
"Roster Move: \#Eagles have placed G/T Matt Pryor on the Reserve/COVID-19 list. 

***

posted by [@Eagles](https://twitter.com/Eagles)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EkefLHMWkAAxQha.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Lamar quackson
"May I suggest an alternate name?


Duck Allen?


I'll see myself out."
Quack So Hard
So cute. The only thing is that the ravens logo is not centered. Non the less it’s adorable.
I won't personally be part of the 10% but I'm happy for any of the flock that gets to go!
"Thanks brother! I'll be clad in purple in Philly, repping the flock to the fullest."
i don’t know much about the Baltimore Mayor. What are the chances he follows what the governor put out saying we could have 10% capacity?
"I hope i get the chance to go to a game this year. I am literally having withdrawals from live sports games. I usually go to ~7 NFL games a year, 30 baseball games, 10 or so hockey and a few basketball games... this year has been rough. The only game I’ve been to in 2020 is Titans vs Ravens divisional game. I need this 🤣"
""
wanted to post this in case there was anyone (like me) who heard the eagles just put him on the covid list and got worried about sunday
"\#Eagles G Matt Pryor, who landed on the Reserve/COVID-19 list today, didn't test positive and has no symptoms, per source. Instead, he'll miss Sunday's game after close contact with a positive individual -- part of the enhanced protocols the NFL issued this week.

***

posted by [@TomPelissero](https://twitter.com/TomPelissero)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
This makes me happy
"Sorry if this has been talked about, but i haven't seen it, and I kind of thought this was weird that they didn't mention it on the broadcast. But unless I am crazy, there were only 10 players on the field on that 4th & 6 play from this past game. I don't understand how that happens on a key play.

https://preview.redd.it/toa1jdjmsjt51.png?width=2047&format=png&auto=webp&s=9b82f774ccb013c6475d63f0a2660fc6fd19e4c3

You can see the whole field on this one too. 

https://preview.redd.it/gmxaos59tjt51.png?width=1922&format=png&auto=webp&s=1483a1dcdaa3ecb05cb2c762c73cca064db401c6"
"I believe I read this on one of the “Late for Work” articles this week. Pretty bad look, especially on such a key play."
"Yeah the guy who does the OL grades mentioned this too. It’s wild because usually the coaches catch it, Lamar catches it because someone is missing from the play, or the refs catch it because it leads to an illegal formation"
Had to give them something.  At some point it's just unfair for the bungles
both Hollywood and proche were open on this play too so it would’ve worked
game is too easy. need handicaps when playing against bungles.
"You almost wonder if this is done intentionally to confuse the coverage. That means if they are in man to man, there's one guy out there who has no idea what his assignment is.

If I were on coverage and the other team was short a man, I would assume it's a run and would pinch forward, possibly allowing a deep route to get past me."
[removed]
[deleted]
I’m Lamar’s GF
Why did you spread that garbage here?
[deleted]
"Keep on being you and grind for that dream. The people that make up this team bring hope and show what determination and sound decisions can do for your life. Keep being you and if you want it and believe in it, grind for it and don't let anyone stop you. You got this."
Mr. Rogers...is that you?
"Thank you, I really needed this today."
[deleted]
""
Get open
Thanks guys!
Anyone got a good source to watch?
"We can’t share the streaming sites. But if you google Reddit NFL stream, the first result is the best."
Nfl app on your phone let's you watch games that are broadcast in your home zip code for free
Most of the major streaming services (e.g. YouTube TV) offer free trials. Do one of those and just cancel after the game.
"[Bilasport.net](https://Bilasport.net) is hands down the best. No bull shit, no pop ups, nothing. Just a good quality stream."
I use NFLbite.com since I live in CT
"Just google ""sports streams"", and first few results are usually good. Just make sure you have adblocker installed on your browser"
Idk where you are but if you're in a state that sports betting is legal you can easily watch it at a casino.  There's also alot of sportsbars that will play most games.
"Crackstreams.com 

Go flock!"
"nflbite.com
buffstreamz.com"
[deleted]
All fanbases are delusional.
Peep them telling me we should give up ‘Yanda or Stanley and a 5th’ for Clowney
[deleted]
I’m in Austin too but my go to spot is my crib
Stay home dude there’s a pandemic going on right now
I'm 236 miles down i-35. Otherwise I'd join!
Lavaca is still the spot!
Lavaca Street on South Lamar is still the spot. Very limited capacity currently according to the people in the Facebook page that have been going. Last season we had what felt like 150+ fans during the season and the playoffs
ATX here as well! Watching from home this year though.
"Lavaca was still the best spot to watch last time I was there.  Avoid Rainey at all costs.  Fucking nowhere to watch a game on that street, which is baffling."
""
"Best case scenario for everyone, and we also enter a bye week after the Eagles game right?"
Good to hear. Hopefully whoever he was in close contact with is not high risk.
Ellis at Nose Tackle I guess.
"Well, he’s got God on his side according to Instagram. That will do."
"Jeez, Twitter is the worst place. Every time I read the comments on one of these links I am utterly ashamed to be the same species as these people."
Good thing we aren’t playing a good rushing team. We always get gashed by rushers when he’s out. He is such a force.
Makes sense. It is critical we protect the rest of the team even if one isn't positive but was in close proximity to a positive person.
""
Don’t let him get out. If he’s anything like his namesake you’ll never run him down.
Try not to call him Murray.
"I have a dog named Lamar bro, that’s amazing and if names mean anything be prepared for a sweet pet"
Big truss!
"OMG! You have a Jackson, I have a cat I named Llama. Too bad we can't have a play date. :) 

Does your Jackson run like Lamar? Mine got the name after I saw her run-- blink and she's on the other side of the house!"
yikes
I love my dog more than anything but holy shit do I wish the “heckin’ good doggo” type stuff would just die lmao
Our cats Raven and Tucker say WOOOO WOOO!!!
""
Three afc north teams in top 10. Oh boy
How the fuck are the Steelers #3? They are not better than the Bills Packers or Ravens
Let them sleep. We’ll wake them up soon enough
Keep your shitty articles out of here.
"I'm just curious because I don't see people talking about this much..  vs the Bengals, he had 2 attempts, and IIRC both were unplanned scrambles.

So what is the speculation? Injury? He was on injury reports before the Bengals game, and took some days off practice. But physically he has looked fine in these games, just look at the 50 yard TD. 

Mentally I don't see him having as much fun out there as he did last year. CBS shows isos of him on the sidelines often, so we can generally get an idea of his mood. And usually that mood is having fun, and being whacky with Hollywood and Mark Ingram. But even when they were handily beating the Texans, he looked all serious and at times miserable. He was looking a lot better vs the Bengals, but still no planned runs"
"Teams have overplayed Lamar's stretch runs to the outside all year. The ravens generally don't call designed runs for Lamar up the middle. That is a big reason for his statistical decline in that department.

There is a plus side to this. While overpursuing Lamar, teams have left the weakside of the play open more often than not. Thus, running pitch plays and stretch runs opposite lamar's momentum have been highly effective. Duvernay & Dobbins had big runs counter to lamar's momentum against Cincy. 

I also believe the ravens replaced some of his stretch runs with rollout pass attempts."
I think he's hurt and the FO is being coy about it
"In regards to the sideline and him not having as much fun. 

Last year, not HUGE expectations and really took the league by storm.

The thing is he lost to the titans when he did have the expectation to win. People aren't calling him a playoff winner due to the past two years. 

I just think he's taking things more serious and really wants prove the doubters wrong, again. That loss Vs KC this year didn't help either."
"But... the thing is... the 50 yard run *happened*. Like, longest of his career."
"John Harbaugh, DeCosta, and Lamar all offseason: Lamar is going to run less this year

Lamar runs less this year

Fans: 😮🤯🤬😡"
"I think they are trying to develop him more as a passer. I don't buy into the whole injury thing. Why risk your franchise QB who won the MVP at 22/23? It's not like his time is ticking we have a relatively young squad.

And in all honesty I don't think many people expect us to be winning the super bowl this year so I don't understand the reasoning to play through an injury. Not to mention the fact that we have RG3 as a back up, yh he isn't the RG3 of old but in terms of back ups that's a pretty good one to have. 

In order to get over the hump of beating the Titans and the Chiefs Lamar needs to become a better passer, so why not develop his passing? I think he knows that which is probably why he hasn't been having as much fun because rn he isn't where he wants to be as a passer. I think his mindset is now ""superbowl or bust"""
Take away all of the Steelers wins and they're winless.
"The designed runs haven’t worked since week 1. It seems like teams actually did study the film and prepared better on stopping him. Combined with the few tweaks he’s had to his lower body already. 

Which I’m kinda fine with. There’s going to be growing pains because now this is basically a new offense and that’s why his numbers aren’t great. But we’re still scoring points and winning games and there’s a lot of season left for him and the offense to get more comfortable."
Something is definitely up. You don’t go from breaking Michael Vick’s rushing record one season to being at the bottom of the league in quarterback rushing the next season out of coincidence.
Yeah I’m actually glad he’s running less cause we’ve won a most of our Ws pretty easy and I don’t want Lamar running with the game in the bag. Just like I don’t want Lamar sitting in the pocket waiting for a deep route to get open when we’re winning the game by a healthy margin
They literally talked about this ad nauseam on 105.7.
Didn’t Lamar and Harbaugh say that Lamar was gonna run less this year?
"I'm not sure what's going on. I'm hoping they they just aren't looking to open the play book on should win games. The line was struggling the first few games but seemed to have it together against the Bengals, going that can set up the run game again."
"First he ran too much he’s not gonna last, now he doesn’t run enough he must be injured. I need everybody to stfu and just watch damn!"
Theres only two stats that matter. Points for and points against.
"If you remove all Lamar's long runs, he doesn't have any long runs. Are we worried about this guys?"
"[YOU PLAY.  TO WIN.   THE GAME.](https://youtu.be/b5-iJUuPWis)

Hello?"
""
Fucking love that purple one.
that purple one is fucking awesome. I think the third one is a little too similar to the saints though.
First one is dope. But I don't want to look at Lamar in Steelers colours
1st one dope afff. The 3rd one looks too much like the saints
Number 1 and 3 are fire 🔥
So no one is disgusted to see lamar in black and gold? First one looks great
Number one is the one that needs to get grouped with the purple chrome helmet a post was discussing a while back on here.
Oh my god the purple and the gold one are litt
Yo 1 and 3 are sickkk
"Dope designs, especially love the first one. Side note: Lamar could make our old purple on gold unis look good."
Damn it would be so cool if teams had BCA jerseys like this where they keep the teams main color and add in pink as a secondary color. Would be awesome and I’m sure selling the jerseys would raise a butt ton of money to fight breast cancer. Really cool idea. The other jerseys are sick too
The first and third one are 🔥🔥🔥🔥 but that second is just a little to purple but you got the talent keep up the great work!
This would be sooo Tuff 🔥🔥🔥
Not a ravens fan but the third one is 🔥
That is fresh
Dang it’s been so long since the league has done BCA that I forgot what the pink unis looked like. Reminds me of my younger years playing MUT with all the pink unis comin out now
I fw the gold heavy man
What would the first one look like if you replaced the white with gold instead?
"I would try #1 without the white outline like this. https://i.imgur.com/TbzgiZh.jpg

EDIT: this is the QB practice jersey"
Ravens jerseys need purple in them enough said.
I agree the third one looks a bit much like the Saints’ colors but it still looks hella dope. First one is even more dope. Second one is dope too but looks like a breast cancer awareness week uni. Not that that’s a bad thing obviously
"Although it does look a bit too much like the saints, love the third"
I hate the steelers but that black and gold looks cleeaaannn
First and last one are mint.
How do you change the colors and keep the shadow looking the same?
First ones go hard as fuck ‼️
The first ones go hard as fuck
First one looks ice cold bro 🔥 good work!
The last one kind of looks like a saints jersey
Why is Lamar holding a cigarette? /s
Delete the golden one
Sweet Jesus tomorrow is last 2am game day. After the bye it'll be 3am! Followed by 3 1020am game days!
What are you talking about?
Guam represent! Game day is 3 am for me 😂
"What would be beneficial for us in the standings? If the browns or if the steelers won tomorrow?

I hope they both lose 🤷‍♂️"
It'd be better for the Steelers to lose since they're currently undefeated.
Browns winning would be more beneficial to us.
A Steelers loss
Down vote me all you want but I think the Browns are the bigger threat.
A tie
I hope the Steelers stay undefeated until we play them; would be amazing to hand them their first loss the same way we handed the Patriots their first loss last season
"Browns have an easier remaining schedule(than us and the Steelers), so a loss would definitely be more beneficial. But a Steelers loss would feel better no doubt."
"Covid outbreak, the new meteor"
"Personally, I think it's a very bad look, but it's being blown out of proportion (ie r/nfl doing what it always does) Some people are even saying that they hope ""lamar gets hit hard so he learns"". In regards to the actual situation, I thought lamar was above that, hopefully he just flopped for shits and giggles and didn't think they were actually gonna penalize the defender. If he actually tried to get a penalty out of that, then he is absolutely in the wrong."
I’m not sure what the hell youre talking about...
Every team in every sport will flop and sell penalties
">  it's a very bad look, but it's being blown out of proportion 

My exact thoughts, nobody likes to see flopping in any sport, but  /r/nfl will have you believe he is single-handedly responsible for the flopping trend and the only guilty actor. 

I hate cheating in sports as it completely takes away from the point of the competition. It is bizarre though that in a sport in which PEDs are common and gamesmanship is every team's mantra that a singular incident is considered too far. 

Lamar does it again give him shit and fine him, but keep that same energy for other incidents as well."
The amount of Patriots fans acting outraged in the thread makes me chuckle a little bit.
"He just shouldn't've said anything. The problem is Lamar is so wholesome he came out and said he flopped, most athletes just leave it at that."
Receivers call for a flag literally every single time they don't catch a ball and the coverage is good. DeAndre Hopkins pushes off on CBs every time he catches a ball. People need to get over it.
I don't understand why people hate flopping so much.
"Eh receivers/DBs have gratuitously faked being interfered with since the beginning of time. Acting, playing up an offense to encourage a favorable penalty call is an integral part of all sports."
Tom Brady didn't even have to flop. If you just touched him wrong he got a bonus 15.
"Why does this sub get sooo worked up about what happens on r/nfl

Have you guys not learned already how trash it is. 

Use your own judgement. Flopping is wrong. But every team in every sport will flop or something similar to gain an advantage. It’s just part of sports these days. It’s all theatrical and I’m sure it’s encouraged unfortunately."
"I think there's no 'situation' lmao. Every QB in the league flops at least once per game and this has been going on for decades. It truly makes you wonder if the posters over there have ever watched Tom Brady play a game.

That's not even getting into all the WRs who start tripping over themselves if a DB lays a finger on him. This isn't some newfangled strategy the kids are trying because they watched too much basketball. It's just something that players do, have always done, and will always do."
[deleted]
"Night shift and non-American bros, where you at."
I appreciate the extreme specificity of that.
Roll Call!
Looks like Iggles are on the menu boys!
5 more minutes
need to just blitz Wentz. They have a 3rd string LT and third string RG starting today
CAW CAW
GAME DAY BABYYY TIME TO STUNT
NOBODY IS SAFE ON THE EAGLES TODAY! NOBODY IS SAFE! Biggggggg trussss
Wha wha! Big truss!
[Literally just a picture I took of a raven.](https://i.imgur.com/IjFSLlV.jpg)
Ayyyyyeee
From Wentz we will sack!
Wooooooooooo
Ca-Caw!
First game in forever I’m more excited to see the defense take the field. Not even a slight on the offense I just miss our dominating defensive stands. Wentz gonna be running for his life today.
It's 11:34 am you liar!!
[deleted]
"I’ve bought from Chinese sites before. They’ve been great quality, but shipping will probably take 2 months or so bc of covid"
[deleted]
nah bro you’re just fuckin yolked
"Probably a chinese distribution, I learned with the hats from lids the tight forehead brims that have to be broken in 9 out of 10 times come from a chinese manufacturer"
I went down from a medium to a small because mine was too big.
[deleted]
"I kinda want to make this a tradition, I'm into these retro computer graphics lately (nostalgia is naturally a part of getting old haha)"
"Reminds me of this class I took on digital archaeology. We had to use ancient computers and learn how to use them. Then we had to pick one and do some kind of project. Some kids chose to use the original Paint software to make images like this.

I wound up adapting the AD&D adventure for 
Acererak's Tomb of Horrors into Hypercard on a Macintosh II for my project."
Holy shit. This is amazing
Nice job dude
space
Is that a IIc?
This is great!!! I love it!
This is pretty neat!
"The best part might just be the 3 players you chose: 'LaMarclon'! I also love the layout of Lamar in the middle as a QB flanked by two CBs, plus how they all come out to #8 (4 + 4 = 8 & 2 x 4 = 8). Suggestion for your next 3: Campbell in the middle flanked on either side by Stanley & Andrews, so it similarly goes offense/defense/offense. Andrews in the middle might work well too, since then it'd be Lineman/Tight End/Lineman."
"Damn , can you convert this to a modern desktop background? How would that work? Like to truly capture the vibe I feel like a pic of the monitor is the best way vs. the actual image file or whatever"
""
I say we get Lamar to throw as much as possible before the playoffs.
Expect another pass heavy game this week. Their backs are the worst at covering tight ends. I expect another game to try and get the passing clicking on all cylinders
Let’s get it bugged out now. If we can hang 27 points on an off day I look forward to see lamars progression. I am following bylaw number 3: protect Lamar at all costs even if it means flaming our OC.
Where’s the coaching? He’s looked bad throwing the past 4 weeks now. Why aren’t the coaches really putting him in a position to succeed like they did last year? Is it just a mental block for him? He looked so good throwing week one and he made some passes against the Texans. He’s been terrible ever since the Chiefs game though. Someone get this guy back his mojo
""
"Can't wait for ""No Country for Big Ben"""
First play of the game lol. You called it.
"Every week this season, I will be doing a crappy photoshop for our matchup. Here are the past week's submissions.

Week 1: [Don Lamar](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/irwb9l/oc_now_you_come_to_me_on_this_opening_day_and_you/)

Week 2: [The Texans Chainsaw Massacre](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/iwbbvu/week_2_matchup_photoshop_the_texans_chainsaw/)

Week 3: [Over the Top](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j1a0yh/week_3_matchup_photoshop_this_year_harbaugh_takes/)

Week 4: [He Got Game](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j4y37u/week_4_matchup_photoshop_he_got_game/)

Week 5: [Gladiator](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j92pjf/week_5_matchup_photoshop_markus_andrewicus_slayer/)"
This aged very well
“I’m coming for that booty Carson”
Strip sack
"Aged like Keanu Reeves

Reeeeeaallly Well"
""
"I got downvoted a little bit in r/nfl for saying that while I agree flopping isn’t cool, I’ve seen Mahomes and Big Ben do it. Lol."
Receivers call for a flag literally every single time they don't catch a ball and the coverage is good. DeAndre Hopkins pushes off on CBs every time he catches a ball. People need to get over it.
"Tom Brady didn't even have to flop.

If you got dirt on his uniform he got an extra 15.
This isn't news."
"Ironically the commenter with the most shit to say is actually one of our own. Anyone notice that?

Why the hell is he advocating for someone to rough up Lamar??"
That thread is a prime example of why r/NFL sucks.
"I’m not a fan of it, but unfortunately it’s a part of the game. I wish it wasn’t that way though. Players are too finesse nowadays. Half the time a WR goes deep, he’s looking for PI more than the ball 🙃"
I criticized Mahomes for this heavily against the Patriots...I can't be a hypocrite. C'mon Lamar. In a blowout?
"Everyone does it. On all sports too. It’s part of sports these days whether that’s right or wrong. It’s theatrical. You do what you can to give your team and advantage. It is what it is. 

But Lamar is too honest. This is the second time this year he’s been to honest and too much of a nice guy in what he says. He got to reel back a bit and keep quiet."
Look at all the saints in /r/nfl pretending that their players don’t flop
Well he did say he wants to be as good as Brady some day
I still think it was a pretty dumb play by Dunlap.
Lol look at the amount of downvotes I have on that thread for simply explaining that everyone does it. It pains me to see that it’s not only r/nfl but other ravens fans that are thick as pig shit
lol
"Well, uh, I guess those penalties just got offset by the terrible calls against the other bird team, so..."
"Yeah, if he's going to do that, which I'd rather he not, I'd also he rather not talk about it. Flopping in a blowout? Dumb."
[deleted]
"Low effort sure, but it really encapsulates the spirit of the people around here"
"Idk man, seems like you worked pretty hard on it to me."
King shit
Lamar good
*Lamar Murray
""
"I just want to say I found this funny. But I also want to provide some backstory. 

Apparently the real ""Santa"" was a no show (due to dubious reasons possibly contaning alcohol) for a Christmas half time thingy , and they instead got some random Eagles fan to dress up as santa and do it instead. Eagles fans threw snowballs, the fake Santa thought it was funny and played along, fun was had by all and nobody was hurt. Sidenote: the Eagles were having an atrocious season in 1968 and were in the middle of yet another bad game against the Vikings. So Eagles fans were pretty bitter and this was a good way to release some tension.



And apparently there was some battery throwing thing in the 90's. But that was a Phillies game with Phillies fans."
"For context, Eagles fans threw rocks and batteries at Santa."
""
Nflbite
I used nflbite every week
Bilasport.net has been my go to for both ufc events and football games.
Its on the nfl app this week
Sportsurge
Batman stream or something like that
"This may be common knowledge already I just found out. Jamison tweeted that with the 3 picks we sent for the 32nd, they drafted Dallas Goedert, Avante Maddox, and Miles Sander. Its crazy both sides ended up winners in the trade"
"> Its crazy both sides ended up winners in the trade

That is what most good trades should be."
"I never thought to follow up on who they got, but yeah, that's a pretty good move for them.

Miles Sanders is gonna terrorize the NFC East when he stays healthy and they beef up the line a bit. Goedert is solid and Maddox is a smart player, but gets burned. If he ups his speed, he'll be dangerous. 

AND they went and got Jalen Hurts last year, who was my favorite QB in the draft. 

Fuck Philly in general, but they rocked that trade and didn't waste the picks."
"I live outside of Philly so I am friends with a ton of Eagles fans. They all enjoyed that they drafted the TE I had at the top of my board with our 52nd pick.

I'm happy with the trade though obviously, lol."
Espn just posted the KC Buffalo trade for the 10th pick and that's another one where both trades worked out fantastically for both teams
Related to Barry Sander?
"If only the Eagles could start winning some games...

Not that I care. Just saying."
Goedert has a ceiling of elite tight end he reminds me a ton of Andrews except with slightly more size and slightly less athletic.  Maddox is a ok-ish number two CB.  Miles Sanders is a versatile RB who is a great outside runner and good in the passing catching area (I’d say he’s probably top 5ish as a pass catching back).
We’re big mad baby
[deleted]
"Found it

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EHaL4zeX0AAKPPJ.jpg"
No kink shaming here guys
If you’re just looking for the picture google images probably has it
[deleted]
ring of honor
Koch
Anybody know the longest regular season game streak in NFL history?
Big Koch dekochsta
COCK
""
Well shit. Who is gonna be our quarterback now? 🙄
Oof Wolfe and Williams being out sucks but Madubuike had a pretty good game against the bengals and the eagles are playing mostly backups besides the C
"Thank for Marcus and Jimmy weren’t on that list, saw they were questionable before the game"
Guess McPhee will play all over the line
I know he’s a good special teamer but I really wish we would have got rid of Chris Moore he is useless on offense and I haven’t really seen a difference yet on special teams with him gone the last 5 weeks
Dang. Wolfe and Williams
Wow Moore is fully healthy and an inactive hes totally getting cut if he can’t carve out a role on ST then he’s gone.
"Sooooo, maybe Justice Hill gets a turn at the ball today?"
""
~~'MANdrews'~~ 'BanAndrews'
"Ring, ring, ring banana phone!"
"It’s an older meme sir, but it checks out"
Derek Carr when the loud voice in his headset calls to pass it to the fullback on the flat
"""Yes Mr President.... Yeah I love Oranges too"""
I really want to see him have 10-12 carries today. Dude is shot out of a cannon every time he touches the ball
They need to quit dicking around with the rookies. Duvernay and Jk have both proven to be more than capable than the starters we have now.
master has given dobby the ball
Dobby can have TD
""
MAD BOOGIED
[deleted]
Thanks I hate it
It's a fuckin toucan 😂
[Dundalk x Disney](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D_HT7bOWwAAwqE_.jpg)
Tune into *That's So Ravens* on the Disney Channel!
Is that fuckin Zazu from the Lion King?
These are funny. I like the little Lion and the Pooh Bears.
Should’ve used Maleficent’s Raven my dude
The Saskatchewan toucans
"Is that Zazou, im not quite sure how to spell his name"
"Ironically, that logo is the same look I had on my face when I saw that logo."
I’d eat this cereal
why our bird gotta be stoned?
""
Get this man the ball 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
"Not yet, but it's ok. He has time"
""
"I always figured he used an Apple phone. 

I’ll leave, guys. Sorry."
That’s bananas
~~'MANdrews'~~ 'BanAndrews'
Nick Boyle with that N E C C
Ring ring ring ring ring ring ring banana phone...
"🎶 My cellular, banaular phoooooone!"
*put a banana in your eeeeaaarrrr...*
Orange you glad I didn't say banana?
Nick’s dressed for that $18m contract while Mark’s picking up his banana in a T-shirt and jeans on his rookie one.
[deleted]
...
[deleted]
"Just in case you guys were unaware, Faker Mayfield just threw a pick 6 😂😂😂"
Lamar has really struggled with his touch on the ball this year.
Confiscate that Air horn
We need to play 100x better vs Pittsburgh.
"I mean that's not surprising, they got like 9 tries for that TD inside the 10"
The demise of our quaterback has been exaggerated
“Hope you’re not bored” as they show the depressed Eagles fans lmao
Where tf is our o-line?
The receiver pushes off and we get dpi. This game is bullshit
"Instead of getting angry, let’s just laugh at the Browns instead lol. Thats what always makes ME feel better😂"
Seriously annoyed with all the extra plays from penaltys
Have refs called a holding on any team we've played yet this year?
A comedy about needing a kidney?  Have we hit bottom yet?
Can these sorry fools catch the ball? Lamar needs to throw it better too
Execute whoever is doing that horn shit
Hightower survived the FruitPunch™️
[deleted]
I'm not actually mad at that possession. That was just good defensive plays by philly getting back to back swats.
"Lamar first drive:

3/3, 35 yards, TD, 154.9 passer rating"
r/ravens liked that.
Hey Falcons....can we have Julio? Please? We have some good 5th round picks to give you. Fair deal?
Charles Davis is 100x better than Dan Fouts
"Ravens: 30

Eagles: 0

Refs: 22

Covid: 19"
Lamar such a baller
Jackson getting murdered by drops. Receivers need to be better.
Bro can they save Hurts’s coming out party for their next game?
I thought u couldnt benefit from a forward fumble on offense unless the defense touches it
Lamar is second coming of Christ and there's no way you can convince me otherwise
Boykin running the wrong route? Man that never happens
You get 10 chances you're gonna score
Harbaugh is gonna need another belt because I assume he's going to wear his current one out whooping the absolute fuck out of the oline
"Remember, pats got beat by broncos, chiefs lost to raiders last week, Texans took the titans to OT, 9ers got RAN by dolphins.

It wasn’t a fun win but it’s a win. Put it in the W column and work on the penalties and offense to click again. Move into the bye 5-1."
"I’m so tired of the “guys its the 1st quarter chill out” comments. Our offense has looked off since week 2, it’s cause for concern."
I can't fucking stand those people that label fake fans as people who have legitimate valid concerns about this offense. Being a fan doesn't mean being blind to the teams issues.
"First two receivers to catch a ball?

Duvernay 

Boykin"
This defense has potential to be historic
#BEST KICKER IN NFL HISTORY!!!!
kick that guy with the horn out
How the fuck is this horn legal?
"I have a sinking feeling we’re gunna get exposed by the steelers next week. This team, other than the defense, looks shitty right now."
"If Marlon tackles you, you’re fumbling"
"boykin is michael thomas minus the awareness, hands, route running, iq, and being michael thomas"
"Funny all of the “relax guys” comments are awfully quiet how. Usually when we all realize something and call it out, it ends up being more true than some like to realize. We’ve been calling out these same stupid mistakes for a while now..."
You just got scored on by Nick Boyle
That was good improvisation on that.
Our offense looks neutered
Is it just me or do Lamar's mechanics look worse this season
"Dobbins: ""I'm open""

Also Dobbins: ""jk"""
"1. Kill the guy with the air horn
2. Lamar needs to step into his throws"
We need to run the Heisman package to assert dominance
“Eagles on the board? No.” Lmao
Duvernay has already contributed in 6 games what boykin has in like 22...
Boykin and a 5th for Julio
defense is tired as fuck
This commentary is 100% better than last weeks crew
Remember when we were saying the Ravens offense looks horrendous? This is what we were worried about. You let teams hang around and now it's a one possession game with the Eagles totally in it now.
Absurd penalty
These Refs gifting this game to them
"12 penalties for 132 yards vs. 3 penalties for 20 yards...Either Philly's depth players are that much more disciplined than Bmore's starters or Shawn Smith's crew had it out for the Ravens today. Meanwhile, all day long, I saw the Eagles' linemen lining up the same way as Stanley & 'Zeus', plus committing False Starts a split-second prior to the snap, and holding galore — yet they were rarely (if ever) called for it. The PI on Peters was egregiously erroneous, as was Ferguson's apparent ""Roughing the Passer"" penalty!"
Guys we are up 7-0 in the first quarter can we stop acting like the sky is falling just bc we had a one drive without scoring? Lol
"Lamar determined not to run, it looks like. He had an open lane there."
These tipped balls are going to become pick 6s eventually.
Apex ball hawks. Has a nice ring to it
"Campbell has absolutely earned his contract, so glad we got him"
Scariest part about this eagles team is their backup quarterback it seems
damn lamar probably be killing this D in practice then lmao
Lamar can still burn babbyyyyy
I mean honestly can we just run the RPO every play?
Humphrey is insane.
Lol. Hightower spun to avoid the punch. Totally changed his run because of the fruit punch.
"Good thing we have a bye next week, because the team needs a good shellacking"
Mental mental mental mental mental mental mental. I don't think I have ever seen us have so many mental breakdowns in a single game before.
I seriously hope John Harbaugh rips the offense a new one and doesn't give some happy happy bs talk
17-0 to this. We've gotta get better
Refs are favoring the eagles and not even trying to hide it
I haven’t been so irritated watching a game in so long
Oh my gosh. Roman not abandoning the run? A nice balanced drive? Is this real life?
Oline gonna have to step up more today
Averett is getting better by the week if ya ask me
Pass game getting worse by the week
That is a disgustingly bad route concept on 3rd and 13th
I will shove that air horn up the owner's ass
Can someone kill the guy with the airhorn
I blame the air horn
Dude with the air horn needs to be castrated
Philadelphia run a better 2 QB set then we did LMFAOOOOO
"The air horn guy proves that even with limited fans, Eagles' fans are the assholes of the league."
"Imagine if Judon makes the tackle, it's 2nd and 15 and that probably never happens"
RPO. it just works
"""Havent seen a called run for Lamar in a while""

- Charles Davis"
Humphrey is the defensive mvp so far this season
Boykin never seems to know what fucking route he's running
Lamar throwing to Boykin with him no where within 15 yards. Name a more iconic duo
ward singlehandedly gave them a touchdown
It was good as soon as he stepped on the field
">Some confusion between Mark Andrews and Lamar Jackson leads to Ravens blowing a timeout and an animated conversation between QB and TE

@jeffzrebiec"
"Second ""drive"" in a row where Lamar has looked good, second drive in a row where his great work has been undone by the offensive line.

I hope they get lit the fuck up this whole bye week, because these penalities are shit you shouldn't see in amateur leagues, let alone the highest level."
even gene agrees
Proche is now in Harbs good book.  Great special teams play.
Nerves: calmed
"DD and Boykin both with a 3rd and long catch, you love to see it."
This defense is sick. Even if we had the old offense I’d still be pumped about this team.
[deleted]
Ingram crazy enough seems like a good back for today with how bad the OL is playing. His patience is helping the poor OL play
HE SAID THE GUS BUS
"ALL GAS NO BRAKES 

NO STOPS ON THE GUS BUS"
Dobbs you got to hold onto that
Wentz is about to get Mariota'd by the Ravens.  Go for 12 sacks D.
When the Ravens defense sacks Carson Wentz I think to myself: yes.
Omg the horn is annoying af
Fuckin Air Horn
"I took a peek at the eagles thread, most of the complaints i saw were about the horn that keeps going off. I have to agree that it is annoying"
"Just in case you guys are wondering, Air Horns are banned at Lincoln Financial"
These desperate plays by Philly might work some but they're sad.
Just hit both of their QBs on every play.
God these drops are helping us big time
KC has absolutely ruined Roman's play calling ability
"""If I was the QB of the Philadelphia Eagles, I'd be taking out life insurance "" 

🤣🤣"
"Easy Field Goal

Lamar Jackson ya can’t do that"
How does NO ONE get open in 8 seconds >.>
I love you Lamar Jackson
Llama safely keeping a 6 feet distance over defenders
Marlon is an absolute legend at the Punch
#FRUIT PUUUUUNCH
Humphrey is quickly becoming one of my all-time favorite Ravens
why is he so fucking good at that lmao
MARLON HUMPHRY IS ONE PUNCH MAN
FYI - NFL record for forced fumbles in a year is 10. Marlon is at 4 in 6 games. On pace for about that record...
"Defense has been pretty stout the whole game, they have spent a lot of time on the field. If the offense could have capitalized on all those punts they forced earlier then none of this would matter"
Marlon is gonna make them pay if they keep targeting him lol. Only a matter of time
Davis is a very good commentator have to say
John going to make them come in on Monday for all these damn penalties.
Roughing the passer = The defender not beating inertia according to the refs...
Our O line is so bad man. I really think that's the core of all our problems.
"Yeah, this is not going to be a happy bus ride back to Baltimore....."
[deleted]
"134 yards in penalties, what a fucking joke"
TRADE FOR JULIO
Time to go watch Flacco with the jets
That was a DISGUSTING juke by Lamar
Christ that was sexy
Humphrey is the best corner in the league
Matt Judon is gonna get 2 unblocked sacks today and his price will skyrocket
My friend who’s a steelers fan is trying to say the steelers have had a tough schedule
Lamar had all of 1 second there
"Yeah calm down guys, haha. We can't score every possession."
Calais Campbell is killing it out there.  Great play.
I hope Mark's okay. Also Lamar avoided disaster there
"Ok, Lamar is just off this year."
Well now this is looking like shit. Offense is still looking rough. Something needs to change.
If our defense was average we would be 1-4
Lamar is clearly dealing with a knee issue he is so much slower on the edge the past few games.
Is it unpopular to think Mark Ingram is weighing the running game down?
Lmao why are the Ravens in third place on that chart?
"You: NFC East

The guy she tells you not to worry about: AFC North"
Someone needs to find the horn guy and take him out
If you bring an air horn to a game. You should get in a car accident.
"Uh, fans are not allowed to have air horns, can the stadium staff take that away. They are trying to imitate whistles"
Whoever has the horn need a to be kicked out like what the fuck is that
Horns annoying as fuck
I guess I can't be mad because it's 17-0 but man the offense looks bad
WHYS LAMAR SIDEARMING EVERYTHING
good news is that I think they killed horn guy
The browns fucking suck lol
"browns reality check 

ya love to see it"
These fucking offensive penalties holy shit. SEVEN
I don’t understand what happened to our offense
"Lamar needs to know when to throw it away, but man the penalties are killing us,, also our WRs need to get open"
"Judon missed 3 tackles today, 2 should have been TFL"
[deleted]
LAMAR HATERS WYA NOW LETS TALK
Marlon DPOTY IM NEVER GONNA GET TIRED OF SAYING IT
I’m getting to the point expecting a fumble on every tackle
Marlon punches the ball out literally every game lmao
Another play where Boykin and Lamar’s chemistry was off.
Lmao another play where boykin and lamar aren’t on the same page
"Play Duvernay over Boykin. Everybody on the sideline said Lamar was right for throwing that pass, and Boykin wasn’t there..."
I wish lamar would try some passes down field instead of slants and check downs
Penalties today have been killer. Not the whole story obviously but terrible none the less.
Penalties on offense and defense have been horrible today
That was on Malik Harrison. Missed his assignment in the flat
O-Line:  wanna see me get a bunch of penalties... wanna see me do it again?
Who knew when we brought in Tucker that he’d go on to be the most accurate kicker ever?
Isn't it crazy how our offense has looked lackluster and we still scored 30?? This bye week should be good. If our offense clicks we'll be unstoppable.
Double coverage and NO ONE could knock that away?
ravens really need to look at themselves this bye week cause this aint it
"W or L Harbaugh going to rip into them after the game , completely undisciplined with these penalties"
The refs are actually fucking us. Bowser got tackled in the backfield and Fulgham started that interference.
D has been lazy these last Eagles drives.  And don't bring up 'they're tired'.  We had time of possession by over 12 minutes at the start of the 4th q.
Play like a Falcon
This is the sloppiest game we've played all year
"One team having 7x more penalty yards than the other isnt fucking normal, so frustrating"
"The amount of penalties today have been unacceptable, even though 1-2 should not have been called but seriously? 12 wow"
that dropped interception by Elliot looking a lot more depressing now eh
"WHATEVER, IT COUNTS AS A WIN"
I miss Yanda.
Ingram just isnt doing it for me anymore.
28 games of 20+ points is pretty insane tbh
BIG DICK NICK!
THIS THE LAMAR I KNOW. WE BACK BABY!
"Two third down conversions on 3rd and 10 by passing. 

That’s the kind of thing that will be key to long term growth. Great start."
That was solid but I am worried about all these damn rollouts. I would think G Ro would have figured it out after all these weeks. The slant to duvernay was amazing we need more of those
Browns doing browns things lol pick 6
Julie Ertz’ husband can’t escape the Hump
Lmfao why do teams try to target Humphrey it ain’t going to go very well for them ..
Our line is still shakey
Too many near interceptions dammit
I clinched my ass too hard just now on that throw
Gus is literally a cannonball
"That was the quote of the year by the play-by-play guy 

“Up 14-0 in the first quarter and 4-1 and the offense hasn’t clicked all that well yet”

MY POINT EXACTLY."
The Bengals are putting an ass kicking on the Colts. Just to show that 27-3 games don't come easy
"Lol, that paper person ad needs to be a Super Bowl commercial xD"
Philly is booing. We are healing as a nation.
I think the biggest problem with game day threads is that fans are now used to us putting the game away as early as possible
triggered by the graphic showing browns ahead of us
That is fantastic coverage by Chris Board
Damn that's some insane coverage from Board
"We need to come up with a new nickname for Calais Campbell, he is the second coming of Haloti Ngata."
Wink REALLY heard you guys bitching about the pass rush
"Was Calais Campbell our biggest off season pick up?  I mean figuratively, not literally.  Literally he definitely was."
“Calais Campbell is washed” my ass
Calais Campbell has been my favorite Offseason pick up ever man
that horn is annoying af
I'm gonna fucking murder the horn fucker
Why do some of you even watch football lol anything we do makes you angry.
I love the how on earth will we beat the Steelers comments as if Steelers didn’t play Philly extremely close.
Is anyone else hearing the air horn every time the Baltimore’s offense is about to run a play?
i can hear marlon screaming lol
Why would we call a timeout just to not do anything?
"Oh come on, that's roughing?"
What a bullshit roughing call
For those trying to blame lamar solely for these throws you need to be looking at the drops are receivers are having that one that got tipped wasnt even for the receiver who jumped up and tipped it
Dumb to take the sack there
Harbaugh should tell Lamar he gets a 2k bonus if he doesn’t side arm it for a game
Super questionable play by Lamar.
"Here we go. If our offense cant pull their shit together now, eagles have momentum. Bad place to be."
"I may be completely misremembering, but I thought there was a rule that the ball can't be fumbled forwards unless the player who fumbled recovers the ball."
"*critiques actual football plays*


Y'all: omg lmao are you guys bandwagons? our offense has 100 passing yards against the worst secondary in football, we're doing enough"
Yo what happened to the vibes in here I’m not even talking about the Ravens game I’m talking seemed like a bunch of haters came in here
EVERYONE LIKED THAT
"I love when Lamar breaks away like that, I could cry its so beautiful"
2019 ravens 👀
Fuck running to the outside. Lets go up the middle!
Campbell for defensive player of week
That counts towards his stats right?
***Marlon Humphrey's Punch-Out!!***
We're calling those Fruit Punches for now on. Sorry FBI Agent Peanut Tillman.
Dude baltimore defense is fucking amazing. 3 decades of greatness. Legendary players year after year.
Boykin not being where Lamar thought he should be. I’m shocked
Get Boykin off the field
I love how the coaches talk up Boykin because it makes them look really stupid rn
That was a fucking trip but we’re not getting any calls going our way.
Stopping them after giving them 10 plays inside the redzone is a tough ask
9 penalties for 63 yards...
WTF THEY PICKED
Marlon chill bro dont hurt yourself
Tucker CRUSHED that kick
"That was actually an ok drive, defense got rested and watered. Plus we got some points, not to hateful."
What a hold by Sam Koch
That was good from 70
"I feel like if we fix the o line, our offense is going to work a lot better"
This offense makes zero sense
Tuck is so damn good. I know we all know that and say it all the time. But damn man. He's so good
Put Ertz on ice.  Save him for when your good again.  He's too good of TE to get him killed out there today
lamar just said on the sideline. he doesn’t  have time
I can’t believe they’re letting this shitty ass team stick around
I'm over it win or lose it won't change how I feel our offense needs a huge revamp
Bruh how tf can your penalty calls be so one-sided
"All I'm asking for is a first down.  I can't believe I'm hoping for this, but come on man our O is so unsynchronized."
We need this bye week bad.  Go study the playbook and wear a fucking mask guys.
"I don't agree with the whole 'we didn't deserve to win this,' because I think we did deserve it, but this definitely was an ugly win."
"I understand we have issues on offense. Lamar is off, O-line is not really good, receivers are practically non-existent, run game has regressed a lot. Now after you read all this whining **LOOK AT THE FUCKING EAGLES. IT'S STILL FUCKING GOOD TO BE A RAVENS FAN**"
"If I marry Marlon, as is the plan, I will invite you all to the wedding."
Duver-yay
Look I just want to say this. Duvernay seems to be doing a lot more than Boykin has this season.
That double fakeout was beautiful
"Don’t be shy, come on, doubt Lamar some more. Come on, where’d ya go?"
Holy shit Lamar was slick there
Lol 2 bad runs and the sub calling for Ingram to be benched and then 2 good runs and he’s acceptable
"That was such a good drive. Utilized almost everyone, didn't abandon the run, sharp passing by Lamar. Hopefully they can keep this up for the rest of the season."
Lol.  Baker just pulled a Baker.
Eagles fans sick already
Humphrey is so good
Damn those Eagles fans look liketheyre having a *bad* time
Not good opening for Dobbins :/
[removed]
Calais Campbell should not be as great of a finesse guy at 6'8. He was in the backfield damn near instantly.
Where is you throwing Lamar
Fire Greg Roman
"If nothing else, we drafted JK as insurance for Ingram. 

So for the love of god, do not rush Ingram back in while he is hurt"
Lamar clearly not at his fastest with whatever groin/knee thing he’s suffering from but yet he’s still way faster than every other QB except maybe murray
"Classic Ravens football lmao defense elite, offense suspect. The good thing is that Lamar playing through a slump > Flacco in a slump >>>>>>> Boller in his prime 😂"
ravens nice af
God I love our defense. Set us up so nicely for that baby-drive and TD!
"So is our defense good enough this year to carry us?

Might just be a classic Ravens team again"
[deleted]
That ad was fucking odd
That one was on Dobbins
"EASY FIRST DOWN DOBBINS COME ON.

Edit: bailed by a penalty but come on."
Seems like Dobbins just needs to synch up with Lamar slightly more. They will get there.
"Miscommunication there. Not inaccuracy.

When you operate w/ rookies, that happens at times"
"Tucker is such a luxury, man

my heart rate didnt rise all when i saw 46 yd attempt lmao"
Wentz might die today
Wentz may legit die today JFC their line is HORRIBLE
"Calais Campell is just a large, large person."
Really appreciate Proche at PR this year. No non sense gets 5-10 yards every time. Love to see it
Campbell was a fucking steal EDC The damn GOAT
Wtf is going on with these penalties jesus
Something it’s way off with this offence. It’s just not in the same page
Fuck philly..fucking horn blowing trash
"Philly fans and being complete garbage humans, name a better combo."
That air horn cannot be allowed
Someone shove the air horn up that guys ass
"A lot of complaining. We were 1st and damn 35. Why risk INTs when we are up 17-0. Safe plays safe runs, we will have another shot.


That airhorn though, that shit is annoying."
Are they trying to pull a 2018 US on us?
"And let us say

#FUCK OFF THE FIELD"
That is a fucking HORRENDOUS call
Weak sauce call. Not mad with Calais.
That is an awful roughing the passer call holy shit.
"I'm confident out offense will be better after the bye. Historically, we're damn good after bye weeks"
"All that matters is how everybody decides to play come playoffs, don't peak too soon."
When is the last time lamar had 100+ passing yards at the half. He needs to get upto 200 yds a game. He's done well spreading the ball but our targets outside of 15 and 89 don't look like they're part of the team
Challenge Unlocked: start every offensive drive with a 1st and 15
[deleted]
Lamaybe just throw that one away
Wtf lamar. Gotta throw it away.
"JUST THROW IT AWAY Man we are playing DUMB football. All of our mistakes have been mental errors. Blown coverages, late hits, false starts, not lining up on the line."
"What the fuck is wrong with our route concepts, why are wrs all in the same spot running into each other down field. That is honestly so unacceptable, execution is one thing but scheme shouldn’t be so terrible..."
"On that replay, 2 receivers ended up in the same location with 3 Eagles. The route combos are effed up."
"Can't be mad at Elliott, just no one there to recover it for us"
"the way this sub loses its shit whenever someone scores a TD is hilarious lmfao

you guys really think this is Madden and want us winning 60-0 every week huh"
#THAT’S MY FUCKING LLAMA
Who would've thought we'd score more if we played to our strengths? Crazy.
Lamar NEEDED that.
Marlon Humphrey is just fucking ridiculous
**FRUIT PUNCH**
Weird how they mix the fans in with the cutouts right?
Extremely high effort -3 yard rush by Lamar
Blitz that many you better get a sack or else something bad is gonna happen...
Well that was just beautiful. Mother Tucker.
Best kicker of all time
Tucker is a god. Change my mind.
"I don't think Lamar played great, but I think he did enough. This offense has been slow today due to the offensive line. Really disappointing how sloppy they've been"
"We have sucked major ass today. Once again, if we played a good team, we’d be getting blown out. Fuck people that are saying we shouldn’t be concerned."
They’re trying so hard to give this game away
Do you guys finally get why people were complaining about the offense? Relying on the defense for an entire game isn't sustainable. If the offense kept their end of the bargain this game would have been decided a long time ago .
#HARBAUGH PLEASE UNLEASH HELL ON THIS ENTIRE FUCKING TEAM AFTER THE GAME THIS IS ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS
That's fucking BULLSHIT they waited to see if the ball was caught before they mad ethe call and he was holding Peters jersey wow
Are we really about to blow this game
The defense has had so very little time to catch their breath the second half. The offense is killing them.
I don't remember the last time the Ravens collapsed like this
Can we talk about Calais? Please?
We beat the Refs
130 penalty yards cmon
I can’t believe the 3rd quarter isn’t over yet. This game feels like it’s been going on for years
Great Hustle Elliot love your impact since ETIII been gone!
"Those stagnant, trash drives better not come back to bite us"
This is such a classic 2013-2017 Ravens game
I’m attracted to large women
GRO play more duvernay
LAMAR!!!! That was SHARP!!!!
That was freaking beautiful
That play design looked horrible but great fucking play by lamar
That was.. insane
"Still hate the rollout to the right but...

TD!"
"**LAMAR ""THE MAGICIAN"" JACKSON!!!!!**"
Really really liked the use of Duvernay and Lamar using his legs to extend the play to Nick Boyle on the TD. Great start.
Yall edp is so mad 💀
O-line needs to get their heads out of their asses
Nerves: back
"To be fair, batted balls at the line were a concern for Murray coming into the league."
Great coverage by Averrett there. Pinned him to the sideline and eliminated the receivers space. Textbook
So refreshing seeing our front 7 getting after the QB. That's been mostly absent so far this season.
I see the offense still really is just shit all together. I don't care what categories we lead in it sucks.
Okay that drive fucking sucked. Two drops in a row.
Baltimore did nothing but add talent to this offense I don't understand
"without opening a new thread for this:

are you satisfied with DeShon Elliott so far?"
You love to see it. 3 straight runs with GUS
"God we suck so much, we are only up 14 points in the 1st quarter and we only have one takeaway."
Lmao this cutout bud light commercial is wack
Imagine being an eagles fan and paying out the ass to go to a game in the middle of a plague just to watch your team get dog dicked by a squad that isn’t even firing on all cylinders yet. Couldn’t be me. BIG TRUSS
What a commercial lol
"Ingram has looked old as fuck this year man

Dude is still tough as nails but hes not evading anyone"
Dobbins needs work.
"Gotta catch that.

aaaand it wouldn't have mattered anyway"
Dobbins has to catch that.
Every time they start praising Tucker I get hella nervous
"Baker is 2/7 for 23 yards, 0 TD’s, 1 pick for a TD."
It is really annoying though because that was an easy mode first down if he had just caught the ball in stride like Lamar threw it.
I hate to say it I hope I don’t sound ridiculous I don’t know who this Board man is lol
Calais a grown ass man!!
"&#x200B;

Keep sacking Wentz"
\-4 yards of offense now?
Calais just drove 2 grown ass NFL athletes back 5 yards into their own QB. Dudes a beast at like 37 years old.
a lot of people are complaining but at least we aren't the fucking eagles
Calais' sack was fucking nasty. Damn
Wasted a down on that pass.
Lamar’s fundamentals are all sorts of fucked up rn
"What is going on, man. Lamar looking like Tebow rn"
Imagine risking getting the rona just to watch your team get blown out
FUCK THIS AIRHORN
Someone please find the jabroni with the horn and shove it up their ass sideways kthx
"Throw a flag on the horn , this is bullshit"
I hate this offensive line today. I really do. Their shit discipline ruined this entire drive.
They're batting too many of Lamar's balls at the LOS
Seriously fuck that fan with the air horn
"You know I’d love if we tried to take some shots to Hollywood, you know the guy who’s been getting open on deep balls all year"
"Don't they actually have a jail cell at the Philly stadium?  Or was that the old one?  Anyway, if they do that's what they should do with the airhorn guy."
Hurts is about to be the starter
I’m scared of hurts more than wentz tbh
McPhee played his part
Damn all those next gen stats and Watson still 1-4 lmao
"Marlon, the literal light of my life"
Hurts probably would have got it.
Fuck that conservative bullshit
We certainly wouldn’t have been this scared last year. Remember the second browns game? G Ro is a straight puss.
Drop TD for a drop INT.  Fair trade I guess
How tf is that roughing the passer such a bullshit call
Incompetent refs.
......... I’ll forgive you Calais. That was not RTP.
Weak penalty
"Glad they missed, that refs blunder was a disaster. Oh well, love to hear the symphony of boo’s at the Linc going into half time."
Do the refs not want to call anything on the FG try? No?
Chuck Clark robbed of an interception for the second straight week due to a penalty!
I forget that 52 yards isnt a gimme for most teams.
"Ravens 17, Eagles 0, Refs 0 at half"
[deleted]
Has Duvernay not had a good play when he touches the ball?
The Baltimore False Starts
Just fucking throw it away.
This discipline fucking sucks.
THROW IT AWAY
Nice play judon 🙄
Judon whiff
"We fell for our own gimmick, how the fuck"
Lmao fucking absurd decision from Philly
Sanders mustve been mad lol running all those yards and not get the TD.
Gotta respect the effort from Elliot
Duvernay continues to play great
There you go. Deep passes.
Are we saving RPO for Pittsburgh
"Lamar be like, I’ll do it myself"
Sins = forgiven
Damn who could have guessed RPOs work for our team
LAMAR TO THE FUCKING HOUSE!!!!!
23 straight quarters with a score now.
#CALAIS IS A GROWN ASS MAN
Calius literally looks like a man amongst children
FRUIT PUNCH
Holy fuck how does Marlon do it every time?
I love Marlon so much
"As good as our pass rush has been the last 2 weeks, matt judon has been invisible in both games. How is that even possible? This dude wants a big contract?"
The cardboard cutouts look happier than the live fans.
Our JV offense is about to be 5-1 lmao
God damn it Boykin
Boykins weekly complete fuck up right there
Boykin needs to be cut lmao
Does Boykin know the playbook?
"We all knew that was coming, can't hold em for 8 downs"
Does holding exist?
"Damn. That drive almost ended 2x (queen almost int, 4th & 10 if not for roughing the passer)"
Hope Marlon’s ok. That looked like it hurt
I can't recall many times this game where I was pissed at a playcall. Biggest issue this game has been offensive line. More negative plays than the eagle is unexcusable
Ahhh nothing better than a Tucker pallet cleanser
Death. Taxes. Justin Tucker.
How do you not call tucker the 🐐
Tucker makes a 55-yarder look so easy
Tucker hit from that spot about 8 years ago as well.
"Thank god we have a bye before the Steelers. 

Really need to work in some screens/easy quick passes to take the load off the Oline. If we try all this dropback passing against their D we will struggle"
why would any eagles fan willingly come to this game
need a marcus peters or clark pick here
Any super fat dudes on here can yal block?
Anyone remember the days when Tucker was the entire offense?
Half the Eagles line false started there and it wasn’t called.
I could be 100% wrong but aren't the Eagles repeatedly committing false starts?
"okay that left tackle was a yard and an inch off the line, and you've been calling that against us all day. and also it was a false start"
"Lol, they FINALLY called holding on the Eagles. Now that didn't hurt refs, did it?"
This is why we have complained about the offense it isn’t a overreaction it’s a problem that let the eagles come back
STOP TAKING FUCKING FLAGS
I’m actually thankful our bye got moved a week earlier LOL
We're actually being robbed today. Fucking pathetic
Thats a bullshit PI call
"Good wake up call. You don't finish a team, they'll come back."
If we let them score we better fucking stop the conversion!! Fucking ridiculous
Fuck these refs
I hope the refs get poison ivy on their nuts what a bunch of horseshit calls and officiating
refs are a joke but lets be real it is the offense why we are losing. Running up the gut into Cox/their only strength on defense ALL GAME - very smart.
Guys I still Belee.
"Matt judon makes one FUCKING play 

“Where’s my money”"
We got bailed out by Philly’s incompetence.
A horrific play call might have just saved us.
"Well, the refs couldn't solidify the win we were trying to give them"
"Beautiful, what an ugly W. Except for Tucker - perfect as always."
Thank you Proche
It's a win. Thank God.
"Harbaugh needs to fucking lay into every single player except Tucker, Koch and Calais. Today was a fucking embarrassment on every aspect and this team is in dire need of discipline and playmaking"
"""Survive"" is definitely the right word for it"
Close game that shouldn't of been close period.
We gotta give lamar the ball more and let him do his thing. Tends to work pretty well
"The Ravens defeat the Eagles by halting a 2-point conversion attempt for the second consecutive meeting between the franchises: 2016 (27-26) & 2020 (30-28). However, both games should have been blowouts. Instead, Philly surged back with wild comebacks."
Let's not discredit the dude. That's an outstanding catch. Correct call
I’m done with the boykin experiment
fucking eagles getting bailed out by these refs
“The Ravens will escape” perfectly said by the announcer. We legit escaped with a W that should have been an L
This sub is so toxic it's like you guys have never seen the Ravens suck. No matter what happens you and try and pick apart the team we are up 14-0 in the first and you guys cry. I don't care about next week just enjoy the fucking game. Enjoy winning football games cause they come and go.
"1) LJ is awesome on that kind of play. His ability read leverage and make off angle throws is top of the league. 

2) it should NOT be that hard every time."
Why did they go for 2? Isn’t it a 3 score game either way?
I haven’t seen us get this fucked by the refs in a long time.
"Really hoping Lamar comes out with a chip on his shoulder this week, I’m tired of the hot takes"
"Game predictions:

-	Lamar and O gets back closer to normal
-	JK Dobbins gets 2 TDs
-	Duvernay gets his first receiving TD
-	Queen gets 2 sacks, 1 forces a fumble
-	Defense keeps dominance
-	Tucker only kicks XPs"
"About 3 weeks ago someone swapped bodies with me. I've lifted weights and ran or some other form of cardio every day. I quit vaping, I've ate well. I kind of miss being able to eat whatever and drink beer. How do I swap back"
Boykin...with a CATCH?
Wtf has GRo seen in these rollouts to keep trying them?
Greg Roman seems completely out of his depth this season...
Duvernay is such a beast
Duv getting physical.
"WHAT A PLAY, THAT'S 2019 LLAMA"
Nice play LJ
lamar saving the playcall
Boyle is jesus
"What awesome playcalling on that drive, and what execution by Lamar 👏.

THIS is what we were hoping for."
"It literally cannot be stated enough, Lamar Jackson is younger than Joe Burrows! Lamar is the only dude in the league not allowed to have off games. Bounce back time baby!!!"
That’s the best drive this team has put together this year.
#Humph
Awesome start for the Defense
Anybody watching this with Philly fan friends or family?
That was ugly.
Let Lamar cook!!!
"Sheesh these batted passes are annoying, this is how it must feel to play against the Monstars"
"Can we take a second to appreciate the all time raven starter Sam Koch, guy has been one of the best most consistent punters in the league and he eclipses Suggs for most starts in a Ravens uniform today"
Out come the cretins.....
Punt returns are so dangerous man.
"NFL really milking these commercials, wtf. That's like 5 in a row now..."
This is what bothers me. We have 2 receivers iin the same spot just 5 and 10 yards deep all the time why
Passing offense is ranked second to last in the last three weeks
4 slants on 3rd down lol
Our offense has looked like a disorganized clusterfuck since week 2. Shittsburgh is about to pound our ass into dust in 2 weeks.
"Lamar had him open, throw was a lil off"
Lol lamar needs a space of 20 yards to slow down after he runs. He’s too fast
#BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER
"Lamar definitely looks like he's favoring something on his lower body

Edit: ""lovely me"" lol"
GUSSSS!!!! Feed him. I love his no nonsense style. Straight hammer
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE KEEP RUNNING THE BALL!!!???
Gus should be RB1
Gus and dobbins are the future at rb
**GUS BUS DRIVES IT INTO THE ENDZONE!!!!!**
Meanwhile the Bengals woke the hell up. 20-0 on the Colts
I fucking love our defense.
"Things we are still missing today: Carson Wentz interception, and a Marlon Humphrey forced fumble"
This commercial is super bowl quality
FACEMASK WTF
Can this team make a catch when it isn’t literally hitting them in the numbers besides Andrews?
Nice miss on that facemask
Remember when Romo said that Butker was the best kicker in the NFL?
nice missed face mask
These damn dropped balls man we must have the most drops in the league cuz holy fuck
Ian giving too much build up for that kick! But of course Tuck showed that he deserved it
No facemask there? Alright
Is 4-0 really the Steelers best start since 1979? That's... surprising.
Campbell is a MONSTER
Calais shoulders bout to be hurting from all those dingers he’s hitting
Campbell’s acquisition changed everything for the Ravens defence. He has been incredible and is totally dialed in.
This Defense is playing LIGHTS OUT.
"Jesus, our defense is fucking insane. It makes me so goddamn happy"
Lamar needs to chill with the sidearm throws just for the hell of it.
Something is 110% wrong with Lamar this is just bad at this point
Fuck off with that horn
Whoever in the stands has that loud ass horn needs to be removed
#Stop with the fucking horn bruh
Why does lamar continue to throw with a lower arm slot when it isn’t necessary?
Duvernay is great at getting the ball and getting upfield.
Look at phillys defense celebrating like they done something.😆
"Bruh try at least one deep ball on those 3 plays, Greg is such a pussy."
Wtf is the annoying ass siren right before each ravens snap.
Lamar really needs to stop this side arm throw  crap
That political commercial was bizarre.
Browns back to being pretenders
Great responsibility by McPhee.
Eagles gotta let Hurts start
That was in triple coverage. Gotta break that up.
Steelers beating the browns down right now. Titans look really tough as well. Weird games today
Hold em to 3 max here
YOU SHALL NOT PASS
Good stand but we got lucky with that drop TD
"This will be hard to reverse if you're the refs. You can't see the ball in the scrum.

I think the play will stand."
See i think Harbs should be taking time outs and trying to put at least 3 up.
We are up by 17 but it kinda feels like our offence is not clicking that well with lamar missing throws and our run game not getting going.
Lest we go a moment without mentioning the Chiefs.
"Homecooking refs, wtf. He tripped..."
R u fucking serious
I hate these refs
Awful call
Ball don't lie!
"ball don't lie, fuck the refs"
"Positives: our defense may be the best in football. Definitely top 5 

Neutral: Offense starting the game like they did against the bengals: efficient at first but stalling out. 

Overall a very good first half."
Dear lord stop falling hollywood
Brown literally always catches and is immediately on the ground lol
Hollywood brown constantly catches and falls down
Another FALSE START? Harbaugh fuming
What kind of routes are those?
This game should both be 34-0 for the Ravens and 17-17 it feels like
Too many offensive penalties today. My guess is it has to do with the crowd noise for the first time in a while.
SCREENS 👏ONLY 👏 WORK 👏 IF 👏 THE 👏 DEEP 👏 PASS 👏 IS 👏 A 👏 THREAT 👏
Man we can’t ask for a better bye week than this week. They need to seriously address the offense before our huge game against the Steelers this matchup might really decide the division. I wouldn’t be so worried but the browns can never beat the Steelers smfh
Anyone feel like we simply cannot have Lamar drop back for a normal route to develop? I believe that’s the interior O-line issue. Bleh
Judon missed a tackle. Imagine my shock
I though you couldnt fumble the ball forward? Doesnt it come back to the spot?
Why do you go for 2 there?
Decent field position.   Now go score
Well Hollywood gets so fucking open.
Lol. Announcer called that.
LAMAR JACKSON!!!! WOOOOOOOO!!!!!
#LAMAAAAAR
hot knife through butter
LaMar LoOkS sLoW
DONT GOTTA PASS WHEN U RUN LIKE THAT LMFAO
Funny how it works when we do what we did all last season
"29 straight games scoring 20+ points. We have a chance to tie the NFL record against the steelers next game, then breaking it against the colts."
LAMAR FUCKING JACKSON
"That play (calling, executing) looked like 2019 Ravens"
Don’t need him to run every play if he pops these out
Lamar I DO THIS MY FUCKING SELF THANOS Jackson!!!
Did it just get dark in Philly or is something going on with the feed...?
[deleted]
Just give Marlon the DPOY. Stop wasting everyone else's time.
Marlon ball punch is a cheatcode
Fruit Punch my man 44
Time for Roman to pass every down now
"YOU GET A FUMBLE, YOU GET A FUMBLE 

EVERYONE GETS A FUMBLE"
FALCON PUUUUUNCH!
Can we throw the ball to Proche? I just want to see what happens
Marlo is one bad motherfucker 😎
wanna see a deep ball to Hollywood
"Marlon Humphrey and forcing fumbles, name a more inconic duo."
Damn if Oline wasn't in th way Lamar would've been gone
"Judon not showing up today, shows his real worth. 
Let him go and get overpaid. 

I'd prefer to eat my words and he ball out."
Is Boykins head ever in the game?
Lmao Boykin
Boykin and Lamar not on the same page. Imagine that.
Honestly how is Boykin even employed?
Did they just try to touch my mans Koch? Ill fight them
Did Peters think he was gonna catch that? He seemed mad
When you send 6 rushers and get no pressure that’s what happens
VINTAGE jimmy Smith
"Complete bonehead penality. You get one step after the ball is thrown, and Ward took three before the hit. The ball is out, your play is over, and you give them three more shots at the end zone. Smh"
"Fucking boneheaded penalties all day long! Thanks a lot, Jihad! Eagles coming back just like last week!"
Marlon clocked his ass
Cincy was up 21-0 on the Colts. Now they're down 28-27. Yikes.
This offensive line just can’t run block as well as they did last year
Automatic
"Tucker is a beast, wish we could have killed more time on that drive though."
TUCK 🖤
What a fucking weapon. Wow.
#In Tucker We Trust
"Bless you Justin Tucker.

Also Lamar looked good on that drive, it's the fucking oline that refuses to block in either the pass or run game."
The way Justin Tucker makes me think about 55 yarders the way other teams think about 35 yarders
Have we even taken one deep shot
ALERT: Jimmy Smith is still a real good CB
#STOP GETTING PENALTIES JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
EDC gonna have to trade for an entire new O-line
I hope Harbaugh is pissed at the team this week. These penalties are ridiculous
"10 for 73 (so far) is inexcusable. 
The majority were legit penalties. 
This team needs to run extra laps or something."
"Wrap up, Patrick Queen"
"My god, this defense has to be exhausted"
UGHHHHH. THIS SHOULD NOT BE CLOSE. FUCK OFF
These refs have done everything in their power to force this into a one score game.
"STOP

FUCKING

HOLDING

My god man just one drive without a flag please"
Please trade for Julio Jones
This team isn’t beating KC or ten
"Suck my whole cock, what a bullshit call"
Fire these refs.
HORRIBLE GAME DECIDING CALL. YOU DONT CALL THAT. TERRIBLE FUCKING REFS
Refs realllly trying to give them the win
132 YARDS IN PENALTIES A JOKE
That is not dpi. That is a terrible call.
That's a fucking BULLSHIT call. Both guys are fighting for the ball.
"These officials need to read the damn rulebook, if the DB is playing the ball it's not PI"
These refs are fucked man
Gene steratore says its a bad call
"Not blaming the defence for this shitshow, they did their job all game. 

Our MVP-led offence shit the bed. Again."
I think I might vomit watching this drive
At this point just let em score
This team needs a slap in the face
There needs to be an investigation into this crew after the game. Yes we made so many mistakes but how many game deciding calls have they continually made against us??? This is ridiculous
how do we defend against referees?
Refs ride the eagles dick I swear
these refs smh my head
#Trade Judon for JJ Watt
BS call puts them 49 yards upfield. Refs are trying hard to make this happen. Just remember how great our D is. LETS GO!
"elliott dropped int. Queen dropped int. Ward roughing the passer on 4th and long. Offense constantly moving backwards due to penalties. 

smfh."
Too fucking close. I don't care if we win. We have got to be better than this shit.
JUDON MADE A PLAY
this game should've been way easier.
We're probably one of the worst 5-1 teams.
"Fuck the Refs. Fuck the offense. Fuck the second half.


But a W is a W"
"This game was fucking shameful.  Sure, the holds were mostly bullshit, in that they called that very one-sided, and the DPI was complete horseshit, but all those illegal formation and false start calls?  Harbs should be furious."
The bye week couldn't of come at a better time. We need to get our shit together if we have a chance to be a top of the AFC North
"5-1 for the first time since 2012. Both times we started 5-1, we won the Superbowl both times."
Honestly that second half too me look like a lot of unlucky bullshit that went the eagles way. Wentz tossing up prayers and they were being answered. I don’t think Lamar played terrible either. I hate that he throws sidearm but the penalties is what killed us.
So is JK dobbins starting from now on?
"Penalties 12 - 3. Fuck off, NFL."
"Can y'all shut tf up now about Lamar whenever he has a bad play, he's still Lamar."
"Imagine waiting almost an entire year, struggling through the pandemic, paying top dollar for tickets so you can finally watch this shit show with your own eyes. That's what fandom is"
Lamar should just say fuck it and start running. We need to fucking win games
Everyone who says dont act like the sky isn't falling how can you watch our offense and not be concerned as fuck
3 horrible blown coverages in 1 game. We are lucky we are playing the eagles.
Only have ourselves to blame for that TD
Terrible officiating
"We’re no where close to contending with Seattle, Kansas, or Tennessee. Changes NEED to happen both coaching and players."
Was that good enough for you r/ravens?
I fuckin hate watching refs hand teams the game. This game genuinely reeks of corruption.
Eagles DLine is legit
57 seconds two timeouts and we aren’t even going to take a shot lol stupid decision
Absolutely unacceptable from Lamar
Careful now we are  going to have people in here say you can’t complain because we are winning
I know y’all aren’t calling our defense trash. They can only carry for so long
This team should’ve been put away honestly. Tf we’re letting them hang around for
"Do you realize how bad you have to be to give up these types of drives to the Eagles? A team with their TOP THREE receivers on the shelf.

Fucking revolting."
I can't believe we are 5-1 lmaooo
Low key worried about us getting gashed without Williams but regardless BIG TRUZZ LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
"*inhales*

LET’S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"
Had a play or two like that last week against the bengals too and teams like Kansas city MAKE those plays
Can we make duv wr 1 already ffs
I’m really liking duvernay. Looks like a steal so far!
These first 2 completions are much improved passing plays
This is the offense I’ve been looking forward to
Holy shit that was some playground shit there!!
Lamar was perfect this drive.
great runs ingram
Perfect start!
NECK BOYLE
NECK BOYLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Outstanding by Boyle
Very nice play by the Llama
Can’t wait for wired this week
"The Juke Pass, gottem"
##Indefensible
#That’s My Quarterback
Lamar improv play. Only him or Mahomes consistently make plays like that
"Dobbins and Duv both with touches on the first drive. 

Greg Roman, you reading this bruh?"
So who we going for boys? Browns or Steelers I personally would like the Steelers to get smacked
The Eagles first positive yardage play ☹️
"Also, how weird does it have to feel to sit next to cutouts of other fans - wonder if we’ll see a classic Eagles fan fight with a cutout today."
Pittsburgh up 10--0.
We got the wet shits on First Down and I'm sick of it.
"Damn, that would have been an excellent screen to Dobbins had Josh Sweat not been right *there* with the swat. J.K. had plenty of room to work with."
"So far the playcalling hasn't made me mad. Looks creative enough, the screen wouldve been a big gain, the tipped pass on 3rd seemed like it wouldve been a easy 1st down.

OL is looking BAD though"
O-line needs to pass block better. That’s it. That’s the comment.
"Jeez, Wentz kinda sucks."
"defense is doing it's job and doing it well, gotta get another score here"
WTF was that
That was damn near a disaster
The o line is ass tf
Can we see a replay of the play instead of a fucking Bengals touchdown? Fuck Joe Burrow
Dude what the fuck type of play call is that on third and long? Short slants? Really?
"Not good enough. Shitty throws, shitty O line play. What the fuck is going on"
Offense start doing something challenge
what is with our offense today???!
Snead was slow as hell on that route...
Takeaway streak continues!
You see chuck get up in that lineman’s face that’s like twice his size
This ravens defense wow
Boyle is getting his these last few weeks
#GUS BUS
Perfect OLine performance there.
GUS BUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lamar looked off handing that ball off... /s
What the fuck is this commercial
That commercial
"That was one of the best commercials I’ve ever seen

Bud Light 10/10 commercial 2/10 beer"
Lamar pulling the Flacco staring into the void of his own soul while sitting on the bench
damn that commercial was a movie
We’re clearly the better team but we’ve also gotten pretty much every lucky break
Oh yeah facemask right there lol
We can’t catch a ball anymore huh. And when we do we fumble it
I miss Yanda.
Come on man perfect pass
Anyone wanna take a guess which hole Cox just exploited. #FindABetterGuard
Missed obvious face mask
I will never get sick of watching JT kicks beauties
"If today has showed us anything outside of this game is 

1. Bengals feasting on Colts shows the Browns beating them isn’t that impressive. 

2. How did the Steelers allow their game against the eagles to become so close?

I get there is still plenty of the game left. But just some thoughts"
When did we get a pass rush 😭
Good grief! He got bodied xD
Well the sacks keep coming and they don't stop coming
We’ve lacked interior pressure for years now so this is great to see
CAMPBELL!!! AGAIN!!
"Philly has 5 yards of offense in the first half

Scratch that they really might have -2"
I'm sorry if there's any Eagles fans in here but they just look sorry as hell rn
He carried 2 grown men into that sack like they were children
KABOOM IT! Lmao I had no idea that was a real company
"LOL, and CBS was marketing Browns-Steelers as a ""matchup of two of the best teams in the AFC"""
"Okay, I love Lamar but that was the worst fucking throw of the entire season in the entire league. Holy sweet fuck."
Why is LJ throwing side arm so much?
Is Lamar’s arm okay? He seems to really favor the sidearm and dipping the elbow. He’s basically 2018 arm mechanics + 2019 vision and feet right now
Lamar has gone back on his mechanics. His footwork his arm motion
That’s the Lamar we know!
Lamar with the first down!
Nice run by Rice.... I mean Dobbins
Can they deal with that annoying ass horn please?
Well this drive is a fucking dud now
Refs are being abnormally picky about offensive linemen being too far off the line today.
How is that horn allowed in the stadium
Just fucking punt it lmao this drive is fucked
1 and 35. No problem Jk do your best ray rice impression
"Philadelphia Geese, with the fucking horn honking!"
"Something is up, there's no way he should be sidearming every other fucking throw. This is nonsensical."
Thats 3 balls batted at the line.
Offensive line is so bad
we've just given up on this drive haven't we
Are those people with the air horns the same assholes who did that at Phillies games this season?  Most Annoying shit I’ve ever heard
I really don't understand the constant sidearm throwing.   Puts everything at a rising angle
Why not try some downfield thrown dammit?
I predict a Calais safety.
"Okay horn man, we get it. We know that you are there and that you know how to use the damn thing!"
"I am a Roman hater and I find it stupid people are blaming Roman for those playcalls. 

No one has a 1st and 35 playcall. At that point just try to get field position and regroup for next drive."
Philly will demand they bench Wentz now lol
"""Beautiful move!!!""  

For three yards."
eh let's hold them to 3
Can we get an interception here?
"Mayfield is 5-12, 79 YDS, 2 INT"
Jesus how do they miss that glaringly obvious hold
Remember Week 1 when we had that 99 yard TD drive to end the half and we thought this offense was good? Can we do that again please?
"What a performance from our defence today (and last week)... they deserve the half time rest. Damn, really impressive."
How do you review a play where you can't see the ball 🤣
There's nothing to review here. Stop wasting time. They won't be able to change the call because he's cradling the ball and you can't see where it is. This is not rocket science.
Damn he actually fumbles the ball on the second surge
He never reaches the ball. It’s way behind his head and shoulders.
Why were we calling timeout to stop the clock if we weren't gonna try to score?
Take some fuckin shots downfield. Why call the TO then?
It seems that guy got his horn taken away.
At least kind of try goddamn
"You see that almost interception? That’s why you don’t try to give them anything, we’re up 17-0."
Mcphee trying out for Eagles WR
Roman said “y’all niggas wanted me to run the ball right?”
Jesus christ refs fuck off with the homecooking
The eagles fucking suck lmao
Longest half ever
That seemed like a long half
The vikings are getting dicked
"Marshal Yanda hurt us alot, let's all be honest"
"Yeah imagine this being the Joe Flacco years. We'd still be up, but it'd be like 9-0"
"Offensive line is going to be running a *looooot* of sprints in practice this week

Every other play man"
Hollywood stop being a pussy it’s football
This offense pisses me off with how much better they should be
Fucking penalties kill this drive. Unbelievable dude
"I like that we win these games, bit it's just not sastifying with offense struggling like this"
Man if Judon could tackle anybody and not play flat footed he could he really good
This is why we need more now it's a 10 point game
"Elliott’s best game of his career?

Edit: given that that TD was not his fault"
Great play by Elliot. Just an unfortunate bounce. We should be more disciplined against the option.
The defense has been amazing today except for 3 plays but those 3 plays could all be touchdowns. This game could easily be 21-17 eagles if they could catch the ball.
"Good run followed by a good strip, just didn't have a guy on the spot.  Lucky TD."
Offense you gotta fucking show up for one drive please
great play from Elliott unfortunate bounce
"Nice runback there, now the Offense has GOT to put points on the board"
CBS called that!
Where are all the haters at now?
#MVP
Well that looked cathartic for Lamar
Nice run
"&#x200B;

Lamar Jackson ⚡⚡"
Good shit
YEAH LAMAR THIS IS THE MAN WE ALL KNOW AND LOVE
Can’t even give him a crease... such a cold MFer. What an explosive run and hole from the o-line. Love that guy LJ.
"Let Lamar do what he do!! Stop trying to make him be something he's not, shit. Let's go, MVP"
This is actually a highlight reel for Jackson
"MVP 

MVP 

MVP"
Lamarkable indeed.
Jackson: Fuck this wall in particular!
#LAMARVELOUS
lesssss gooo
Yes more of that.  It literally all we gotta do with this offense.
Now the d needs a pick 6
Calais Campbell is going to be Defensive player of the week for the AFC.
They have no chance against Calais LOL
Campbell has been the best offseason addition
Wentz may die today fr
Calais Campbell is a BEAST.
Bro Calais just clubbed that RG into another dimension
"campbell is having a monstrous day, what a steal for a 5th rounder"
Campbell threw that guy like a ragdoll lol
"Marlon ""I invented the concept of a fumble"" Humphrey"
[deleted]
LMAO even a failed fruit punch counts!
damn marlon almost got that
[deleted]
"Calais Campbell: Tackles 5, Sacks 3, TFL 4, QB Hits 4 
Crazy game"
"First FF from Marlon that was not returned for a TD. 

IS MARLON REGRESSING???"
"This game is basically a coin toss. Heads = ravens penalty, tails = eagles fumble"
Boykin smh
Fuck miles Boykin for real
Boykin and Lamar not on the same page? What else is fucking new 🙄
Bro Lamar is never on the same page with boykin
Boykin... what is you doin
"Back to the limp-dicked playcalling I see!

Edit: Also Boykin ran the wrong route."
Overall this has been a fun game to watch for us
"Offense needs to help the defense out, they’re gassed"
You dumb fuck.
Jesus fuck we are playing like a bunch of idiots.
not this bs again
Dumb penalty but I low key like how nasty this D is
Discipline of this team has dropped.
Is this the ravens game with the most flags thrown on us we’re usually very disciplined. Something else to work on this bye week much needed man 3 weeks of straight ass offense
Marlon has been out of position a lot today
That would been good from 65!
Fletcher Cox is really good
This Tucker guy is pretty good.
GOATucker
Consecutive quarters with points scored streak: still alive
The greatest.
Tucker i fucking love you
tucker is automatic
I want to marry Justin Tucker.
Gus has 11 carries for 17 yards lol
"By the way, that's 24 straight quarters with a score"
Chuck Clark causes no drama......ET3 intensifies
Jimmy Smith has been so lockdown this year. You forget he's even playing at times because his guy is never targeted.
4 penalties for Stanley alone
I rarely see illegal formation and now it’s every fucking play
"I never thought I'd be frustrated at a Ravens team that scored 30 in a game, but here we are"
"i don't know what's more embarrassing, losing to the falcons 40-15 or blowing a 21 point lead to the colts"
I wanted Falcons to lose so Julio asks for a trade lol.
Damn. Imagine being an Eagles fan right now though.
lol nice tackle queen
Bowser is going to get paid somewhere else as is tradition.
Ed reed would never
That’s good old Dean Pees 4th down defense
"How the fuck do you let that happen, holy shit"
Marlon is just mauling whoever has the ball
Never should have been in this position if the offense played better
2 all pro corners and they couldn’t knock down a floater. Fucking garbage
Holy shit that was lazy
Wake the eff up D
This game is way too close for what it should've been. Horrible 2nd half
No guys the offense isn't that bad you're all just whiners /s
I’m gonna fucking throw up
"The fuck is our offence doing, trying to give the game away?"
"11 fucking penalties today, did we sign Michael Orr last night?! I must have missed the signing"
Wtf happened to our team bruh? You can’t tell me the loss of Yanda and Hurst caused this much of a decline
Fire Marty
I thought the fire Roman people were overreacting but goddamn our offense is one of the worst in the league
Yo these refs have to be questioned this is insane
What the fuck
HOW TF is that PI?!?!?!
"Lol don't call the hold, but call that awful PI"
Deadass I'm going to the FBI website and dropping a tip.
132 penalty yards. Absolutely inexcusble.
That’s gotta be a fucking joke
Are you fucking kidding me? Oh my god what a bullshit call.
That is fucking unreal.
This game feels like a carbon copy of the Bills game last year
Full collapse on both sides of the ball.
The refs just don't want me to sleep huh?
This is a very long game
"Terrible offensive line, receivers can’t separate, no edge rush, awful play calling. 

This team is winning a Super Bowl?"
i popped in the /r/nfl game thread quick and regretted it right away
"Blatant false start, no flag. I guess the refs cant see green"
Refs can't execute for them.  Fuck em.
"any ordinary worker gets fired after a performance this atrocious, these refs need to be looked into"
That onside kick Proche catch could legit be play of the game
Team better be running suicides all wrek
Proche/Duvernay/Campbell for player of the game
Too close for comfort.
"Good, felt one of the runs had to be designed Lamar run"
Lamar I know you wanted the score. Please slide next time tho. We win now
"Harbs just told Judon ""we trading your ass"""
We need to give up a 5th rounder for a starting guard.
I thought lamar was crawling bc he was hurt
last quarter was 22-6.......
I honestly don't mind all the flags but when there is zero consistency in the calls ie. a hold for us but not a hold for them... that's when I lose my shit.
We need this bye week because this game was way too sloppy and our offense has not looked good at all this season. We scored 30 largely because of the defense getting us great field positioning
There’s no reason why this game shouldn’t be a blowout.
For anyone who wasn't around for the back end of the Flacco Era. Welcome.
Madden curse
The rumours of Lamar's demise have been greatly exaggerated.
Lamar dont throw the angry ball at the autism foundation sign bro
Shit happens our defense has been on the field so much today. Offense needs to put the nail in the coffin right here
"Honestly, beyond the Offense looking like shit, the fucking undisciplined penalties today are unacceptable. Usually Harbaugh doesn't let that shit happen"
"The offense as a whole, especially Lamar is playing pretty good. It's just the fucking O line, seriously that's it. Lamar was sacked three fucking times today too."
Some fucking scrub MOSSed our ALL PRO DBs smh.
Jesus christ everything going for them. I still can't get over 3 forced fumbles and they got lucky on all of them.
Giants fan here. Please win. We want to take the division with 5 wins
Do I love this team? Yes!!are we as good as we think? No
Guys Baker was pulled because he's hurt and playing bad. They didn't just bench him on play alone.
"For all these new ravens fans to be happy the ravens have to:

* Score every Drive
* let up 0 TDs
* Lamar needs a perfect passer rating every week
* 250 yards rushing every week 
* 500 yards passing every week"
This o line really sucks
Greg Roman is actually slow
Has anyone else been so disappointed in consecutive weeks with consecutive 17-0 halftime leads? We are beyond spoilt as fans and beyond spoilt by the defense.
Imagine if we had this defense with our offense that we had last year.
Boykin has shown me enough
Remember owning teams in TOP? I memba.
only people playing worse than the team are the refs
We’re not beating Pittsburgh
"They blew a lead to the 1-3-1 bullshit NFC East Eagles. 

And you all think the offense is fine."
"God I hope we win this one. I fucking HATE the eagles. This may be sacrilege, but I may hate them even more than the Steelers"
Predicting queen gets his first pick this week
Run. The damn. Ball.
Damn bruh why does the Steelers and browns game have to go on at the same time the ravens  play. They should have scheduled that game for an early afternoon game it’s going to be a good game. Hopefully they tie
Im watching on a stream so im behind. So yall are going to see me react to plays late lol
Ingram is so much slower than Gus or jk
Ingram missed a HUGE hole there
Horrible play call by Wink. Why rush secondary when they’re that backed up?
Get Ingram off the field
Lamar and Boykin fixed. We are never losing a game again. Nice try NFL.
"plz remove the rollout to the right from the playbook.

plz"
Damn Duvernay is fast!
Run behind Stanley!
"If we can take some of the coverage off of Andrews and Hollywood, dangerous."
nice duvernay
Seriously. Why are we rolling out almost every playaction pass?
FEED DUV
"This is just the type of drive we’re used to. Not big chunk gains every play, but one that chips down the field. You love to see it."
The juke-throw TD!  Sweet.
What play by Lamar
BOYLE!!!
Duv going to end up being our #1
LMAO FRUSTRATING AS HELL FOR 55
I’m tuning in a tad late but caught that they were showing a replay of Duvernay with the ball. Did he have a good play?
Fucking LOL
OHHH TD!! WHAT A PLAY LAMAR
Fuck that was nifty
TOUCHDOWN RAVENS
FULL BOYLE
"STOP THESE ROLLOUTS EVERY FUCKING PA PASS!!!!!! I am screaming at my tv like a lunatic. 


Good shit Lamar. Nice catch and TD celebration, Boyle."
Lamar’s looking 100% today
A lil shake n bake baby that’s all we need
"That gave me an erection

Edit: autocorrect"
Literally just some madden 07 Mike Vick bullshit out here. So fun to watch.
this is revenge for losing to the steelers
D looking stout first 2 drives
Okay that’s the 3rd time it hasn’t worked Roman maybe call a different run play
"Yanda was so huge for us haha. Need Tyre to figure out pass blocking, or give Fluke a chance"
goddamn I hate this o-line
We might need to leave Tyre on the bench. Powers and Mekari played well last week.
Crazy that the last game suggs played for us gave him the franchise record for games played
Avertt was in good coverage too!
Oh fuck that sucks I hope he's good
I can hear Humphrey yelling lol
dalton winning the nfc east
"i love dogs, but that tongue flapping lapping dog commercial is extremely annoying"
"Damn, he nicked his head off of Proche weird. Hope he’s okay."
So the d line seems to be doing good finally.
Duvernay is lucky he didn't get flagged there.
Uh oh
Ingram limping a little?
I love dobbins get touches but where the hell is Gus at?
I'm wondering if that ball was intended for Mark Andrews. It's weird that they were so close to each other there
Sigh. I'm calling Buttergate. Eagles buttered the balls during pre-game. Receivers can't seem to catch. Although the one to Snead was a bit off-target.
Lamar not looking hot today
"Last year in these shitty pass plays Lamar would just run for a first when they busted. This year he looks determined to be a passer and stick with the plays, the problem is that Romans plays are so bad that it was genuinely better for Lamar to just take off last year"
We can't get in 3rd and long all the time with our offense.
Roman is infuriating
Lol our passing game would be statistically dead last if it wasn't for the Jets! Sad..
"we need to go back to those 2 TE sets, our play calling has been shit so far"
Clear fumble lol wtf are these announcers looking at
let’s fucking go 19 straight games with a turnover
Defense cannot stop forcing fumbles
elliot's moving it before the knee goes down
Nick Boyle the new WR1?
you guys think Marlo had a TED Talk on stripping footballs last week??
Wow Lamar ran
That was a bullet
Yeah.. Lamar is definitely not 100% based on what I saw on that scramble.
"Lol, the Bus got creamed and still moved forward xD"
Alright fuck it we'll win the SB with our historic defense
YEAHHHHH GUS BUSSSSS
gus busssss
THA WHEELS ON THA BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
14-0 and haven't even played that well! Love this team even in it's hiccups!
The NFC East tastes delicious
Lamar walking weird
Lamar running the football really changes the way coverage is played by the defense. It makes him special and using it gives him a better chance to be a better passer
"Lol, look how effective the Raven's running game is when Roman calls simple, run plays. It's astounding."
Guys. Bozeman was drafted in 2018 with Lamar and the guys. We need to extend him now. Before his 4th year. He is sooo fucking solid. Remember the Hurst/Alex Lewis rotation??? Give that man a contract.
Sometimes I feel we’re just looking shitty on offense because we are trying new shit out and saving real shit for when we need to actually score
"Funny how ""bad"" teams look like trash against us and rob our wins of any respect. Look at the Bengals crushing the Colts. The 4-1 Browns (they are trash of course though)."
Lmfao browns losing. Time for them to come back to earth “playoffs here we come” after beating the cowboys Bengals and Colts 😂😂
"Re: Bud Light commercial. 

Uhhhh. 
That was strange."
That commercial is hilarious
What the actual fuck are the Eagles doing
"Everyone needs to chill tf out.

Two things can be true at once: offense needs some time to work out kinks and were also still dominating and stacking wins. I swear some people think if we don’t score every possession everything needs to be changed."
"Wentz is so bad, lol. Where tf was he going even?"
“CUT TO THE OUTSIDE DAMNIT” is something I say to a professional athlete while sitting on the couch knowing full well I couldn’t outrun a moderately fast college flag football intramural player.
"C'mon guys.  WR, RB, TE all have issues catching the ball this year."
Wtf where's that facemask?
Two penalties from our star Olineman... come on now
"While it was coming back anyways, brutal drop from Dobbins but a nice drive for our offence to get us in there."
We cant be asking our LG to reach to Cox on the opposite side.
"damn, i never realized how big of an impact yanda had"
"That incompletion for dobbins is the result of the abridged off-season/no preseason. If he and Lamar are a little more in-aync, that's a first down.

Ten weeks from now at the end of the season, that's complete 11/10 times."
"Wanns now how manny fantasy points baker has right now? 
-0,58😂"
I just want some 7 foot tall mfer that'll catch everything in a 2 mile radius man
Browns down by 17.   There goes their Super Bowl run.
Fuck the Steelers
"> Browns best start since 1994 

San Diego Browns inaugural 2022 season confirmed"
Nice to see Board make a play
Defence shut out the bungles who are blowing out the “best defence” colts
Chris Board showing up
"Ok, I will say our defense is looking bomb"
The Monstars
Campbell ain't playing around with that road to 100 sacks. He'd get them all today if he had the opportunities
I love seeing great coverage from LBs
Bro I love Calais.
Campbell is a fuckin tank
"Calais Campbell for a 5th, god who is letting EDC do this"
Board looked nice in coverage. Hopefully something to build on
"Lol, I gotta ask, who made the Bungles so angry? xD"
"Are the Bengals and Eagles lines really bad, or did our D line suddenly get way better the last two weeks?"
Wentz has negative yards now lmao
Way-too-early game ball to Calais Campbell. What a start to the game he's had today!
I like Proche as a PR. He’ll probably never break a long one but he’s got good hands and always goes forward
Lamar’s passing is atrocious
At what point is Lamar's accuracy a concern this year?
"I get why folks are frustrated. The ravens are not perfect and the offense could/should play better. And yet we are 4-1, have the second best super bowl odds (behind kc), and are first in dvoa. I get why it's frustrating (with last year's offense and this year's defense the ravens would legit be playing like one of the best teams of all time) but the fact is the ravens have been playing like a very good team even if it seems like they could be better. I think that's reason for optimism tbh. If the offense that returned basically everyone from last year gets back to where it was, this season is going to be pretty fun."
LJ needs to hit these. Full stop.
WTF is up with Lama
LOL LAMAR JESUS
Bring back 2019 passing Lamar
Geez Lamar. That was ugly.
lamar :( it's ok bby
Wtf is happening to Lamar
that was a 2018 Lamar pass
That's my Llama making it happen
wtf to the guy with the air horn
I was today years old when I found out I can’t handle Lamar doing front flips. That shit was worse then a joe flacco nail biter check down game
I feel like I've seen more illegal formation penalties in this game than I have in my entire life
Thank god for the bye week after this.
What's with all these Illegal formation penalties?
I feel like there’s been a ridiculous amount of illegal formation penalties this game on both teams?
This offensive line is a fucking joke
"Now does this mean they will start calling holding on the Eagles, too?  Because it has been constant.  Just asking....."
the browns r down 24/0 😂😂😂😂
You have got to at least attempt to go deep.
promising drive killed by penalties
Someone needs to eat that horn.
Lamar chill with all the sidearm bullshit FIRE THAT BITCH IN THERE CMON
Security will eventually find the horn guy.   They can't let that go on.
"JALEN HURTS, THREE YARD GAIN AHHHHH"
Hurts plays like he's Murray!
Nice read my Pernell
Let's just run every gimmick
Don't worry Wentz will fuck this up.
Not a catch
Not a catch
0% chance that’s complete
Great play but also a whole lot of luck lol
"So block in the back only applies to us, got it lol"
"Lowkey our secondary has been getting away with receivers getting open bc they're dropping balls this game. They need to play better, especially since better teams would not make the mistakes that Philly is making."
"Falcons are up 20, you know what that means"
"Just wondering, did some of you expect that the defense should hold them to negative yards all game? They’re going to play football back."
Big D.
"God damn the bengals are eating up the colts D 

Meanwhile Kirk cousins threw 2 INTs against the worst defense in the league"
The defense on fourth down is *chefs kiss*
"They keep saying the 'second leap' but the football doesn't make it, only his head lmao"
"We all knew the D would be pretty solid this year but it's a surprise, to me at least, they're overshadowing the O as big as they are."
Not bad w/out BWill
Why cant we just go for it???  We get the ball back
Now was the time to pass more and we don’t?
Bs call
Weak ass call
For WHAT???
Did Clark scoop that up man that's 2 picks clark has had taken away
Horrible RTP call
Eagles kicker didn’t agree with the call either lol
BHAHAHAHAHHAHAH
What a horrible roughing call. That's just football. Go ahead and just baby quarterbacks.
These refs are calling everything on the Ravens...
That’s the weakest shit I’ve ever seen
jesus so fucking soft
Thank god he missed I would've been mad lol
BALL DON'T LIE
Terrible call wtf
Bullshit ass call
They miss anyway lol
[deleted]
Lot of bad play all over 1pm games today
That steelers/titans game will be huge next weekend
Lamar bless
"Oh yea,  love me some Lamar Jackson"
OLine is getting penalties but no push.
These procedural penalties are awful
Bradley 'Oher' Bozeman.
Good shit happens when Duv is in
FREE DUVERNAY
Duvernay should never be on the sideline. Sign my petition here
Stay up Marquise and that’s a big gain. Maybe even a touchdown
Duv = WR1
ANOTHER procedural penalty. These guys need this bye week to focus up
The fuck was that lamar
The entire offensive line needs to be running laps in practice. One for every technical penalty yard.
Make them practice every day during the bye. Jesus.
Lamar tf are you doing
"Out of field goal range? Excuse me, we have a Justin kicker."
Passing offense definitely deserves that second to last spot
We need a star wr that can get open.
Good looking drive up until the end there
Those routes were pretty abysmal
"Another week vs suspect defense (LBs/secondary weak) and we can't get the offense going. Going against PIT, IND, NE, TEN after the bye going to be a very rude awakening for the offense."
Elliot made a great play just unfortunate luck.
Alright let's put up 7 of our own then
You can only diarrhea for so long on offense.
Why go for 2?
The offense needs to actually do something now
Wow unlucky....I saw that fumble coming too
"What the fuck was that, absolutely bizarre TD"
"This is probably the worst I have seen this team in terms of mental focus in a very, very long time. It's a tough season but man if Harbs can't get them on track in that arena I'm concerned. 

Need this cleaned up by next week or it will be an embarrassment. Looks like we could've really used the bye next week."
Our run defense has been shockingly good considering no B Will or Wolfe
That was another crap throw by Lamar. Low in a wide open Dobbins.
Too many takes in here that are FUCKIN EMBARRASSING!
Why don’t we run RPO anymore...
Marquise needs to learn how to run with the football
Finally!!!
Gone lol
There we go
PUT SOME RESPECT ON HIS NAME
"I love seeing Duvernay return.  He's so explosive, he will definitely have multiple return TD's this year."
LLAMA
Mentally strong drive there. Didn’t let Philly build any momentum. Well done
Everyone is happy again yay
YES LAMAR THAT'S WHAT WE NEED
"Teams have been overplaying lamar's outside runs all year.

The middle runs and runs opposite lamar's momentum are wide open."
LAMAR WHEELS 💨
"Well done Roman, lol"
"Hahaha his last TD run almost got ruined by early celebration, but he couldn’t help himself here. 

Atleast he did a double take to make sure he was in the clear"
Way to answer back 👏👏
Well...that was a nice response lol
Anyone else catch Charles Davis pulling a Romo?
Campbell breakout game!
Campbell with 3 sacks!!
He just threw a 300 pound grown man
Is that 3 for Calais?
Marlon forced another fumble!! Peanut tillman jr!
Holding against Campbell but it’s aight
"Some mark andrews garbage time fantasy points, and im a happy man"
lmao Marlon
That technique by Marlon is so clean. Reminds of DBZ when they would learn new powers lmaooo
FRUIT PUNCHHHHHH!!!!
"Drew Lock is 9/20 and the Broncos are STILL beating the Pats IN New England 18-3.

BB & TB may not want to admit, but each was a big part of the other's success."
 Campbell for player of the game
Fruit punch got my dick hard
Is it a specific instruction to not throw it away?
That’s the best loss of 2 I’ve seen today lol
Lol WR not on the same page I didn't even need to see the number to know it was Boykin
Another miscommunication with Boykin
I see why they don’t draw plays up for Boykin
Lamar has got to throw shit away instead of taking a  loss when he's scrambling out of pocket.
"Alright, it's either Lamar or Boykin not watching film or studying the plays because this is 3 games in a row now that they are in different dimensions"
Watching Marlon punch the ball out makes me think it hurts like hell when he misses and you take a haymaker to the ribs
Fuckers tryna hit sam koch we riot
I always thought that was an automatic first down
"Dude, shut the fuck up.

How does Koch ""sell it"" by trying to spin OUT of the contact? Stop inventing narratives."
M&T not even based in Baltimore smh
good no call. Hightower pushes off as well
Can’t wait for this bye week guys no stress over this team for a week 😅 but then we play the Steelers
super bowl 47 hero jimmy smith
Haven't heard queen name much today.  Glad he showing u now
I think judon gets half his stats from hitting the QB a full second after they throw the ball.
Come on fucking idiot
Come the fuck on
Sit Ward. Dumb fucker.
What the hell.  Completely stupid play.
"Yea, you know that was coming. It's not 2008."
Penalties killing us man...
What a dumb fucking penalty
I hate these flags man
Offense can put this away
ICYMI the Bengals and Titans just blew big leads against the Colts and Texans
We need a classic Ravens 9 min offense drive.
Is Hump ok?
"Shorten this 4th Q up, score at least once more and get the fuck out of here"
"Yo, Nick Boyle's having a big day!"
"Yo refs, can we get a late hit? I mean it'd only make sense..."
IOL getting blown up
Gus Edward's who always seems to get a couple yards or at least back to the LOS has been dropped for a loss like 5 times today
#BASED TUCK
Good from 60+
In range as soon as he's in the parking lot
For the love of god just score a TD so we can get tf outta here...
C'mon dawg give the defense a fuckin breather
GOAT and it ain’t close
Best kicker in the league
GOAT
Yo Tucker's so reliable. He's more reliable than grass being green.
Mother Tucker
tuck my boy you did it again
Jeeezuz what a kick ahhh remember when we were winning games with tuck and our defense... good times
[deleted]
Let it not be a secret to anyone that I love Justin Tucker
[tucker rn](https://giphy.com/gifs/goat-XKYjR0Hsjh5cs)
Au-tuck-matic. He was even smiling like “yeah I know”
This would be the ravens' first win at the linc in the harbaugh era if it happens.
Thanks Texans ✌🏽
Let’s get a golf clap for Jimmy Smith today. He’s been amazing.
just a quick question did we draft jk to just sit on the sideline?
IlLeGaL fOrmATion
Lmao how many times did the chiefs OL do that to us without a penalty
These illegal formation penalties are ridiculous
LINE IS IN YOUR NAME!!! HOW DO YOU KEEP GETTING ILLEGAL FORMATIONS??!?!?!?!?!?
Tucker hits everything
I love our D
Judon punching air on the sideline seeing that unblocked sack
Fuck Tennessee
"For what it's worth, I think Roman's playcalling has looked better and slightly more creative than last week."
Man Wentz has been hit hard all day and keeps fighting. Respect
"I respect Carson Wentz, dude has balls of steel"
#THE KILLING JOKE
"Our D man, its unreal"
Not an interception. Still love the Joker's hustle though.
How much money do these refs have on this game? Worst refereeing I've seen in my life.
How lol
"How does that completion happen with Marlon *and* Peters there

Come on man"
Both of our all pro corners on him...
Oh fuck off man lol
We're trying to blow this aren't we
Did we practise at all this week?
Eagles blatantly holding since the refs wont call holding lol
"Wow, this game should have been over a long time ago. Embarrassing that we have just let them hang around. Will be such a failure if we give it away."
Peters misplayed that. He was there but he didn't time the jump.
Imagine if even one of the 2 TD’s that eagles receivers dropped was actually caught? Bad offense by the eagles has helped us a lot today.
Dude nothing is working for us offensively
I'm legit annoyed
"# IF WE DON'T EAT THE CLOCK HERE, SO HELP ME GOD"
Holding. Again
And a fucking penalty
Seriously need to let the O-line walk back home after this game.
Did the refs bet on how long this game was going to last?
"Refs are a joke, 20/20 vision on our team but actin like stevie wonder when Eagles are holding tackling are rushers to the ground"
27 seconds of offense. What a joke.
greg roman needs to go. straight the fuck up
Absolutely bs call.   They were both fighting for it
This is one of the most embarrassing performances you'll ever see.
"We've given them almost as many yards in flags as Wentz has throwing

Fucking hell man"
132 penalty yards in this game
Fuck these fucking refs. Fuck THEM!
132 yards in penalities lol
I am so fucking angry right now
"When we had Yanda and a mauling offensive line, Roman was fine. But now we don’t have that much push and we NEED to develop our WRs and their routes thru play calling."
end this shit
Remember when we had that big lead?
Shiting the bed here.  Best chance is to stop the 2pt conversion if they score.
Playing against practice squad players all over the board
O-line rly screwed the pooch in this game with All those flags
62 with the hold
Wr will be wide open for the 2pt conversion
Still a chance for skura to get a offensive holding penalty
I don't even understand how we got into this situation... This should've been an easy W
30-14 is the new 28-3.
Ah classic Ravens football
"This should open the eyes of all the morons saying ""relax Ravens are blowing teams out"""
"We stopped them, where’s the flag?"
Taco Bell
An obvious uncalled False start too. Worked out but terrible
Incredible no call on that false start lmao
"Even if we win, this feels like a loss. I hope the team views it the same way."
"Wow, we do not deserve this win. I really hope the offensive line is chewed out in practice. Can't fault the defense too much I feel, they were given no rest in the fourth quarter.

Edit - Spelling"
"Despite our issues today, our special teams continues to excel"
Talk about an escape
I am dead
"Jackson scared me like fuck there.  When he got up, he kept his arm right on his body like he hurt it and I got spooked."
"We escape with the win, lots to work on over the bye"
kick a fg to rub it in the ref's faces
We need these types of games. A lot to learn from and motivation to get better. Can’t blow people out every game in the NFL. GG
"Pure fucking luck, I just hope they were using these last 3 games to develop Lamar cause if this is us against the Steelers, we’re getting fucked"
Steelers game going to be a slug fest. And hopefully a chance to prove we can be better than good teams.
U G L Y
"Obviously not a great game, and a LOT to be addressed. But if we can still win while the other team gets a ludicrous amount of lucky bounces AND officiating help? I'll take it."
This sub is starting to make sense to me as if the very same sub that wants Greg a Roman fired wants Jalen Hurts to start after one play lol
Every route was in front of the sticks. Wtf
Lamar's sidearm passes are very hit & miss. Just use regular motion. Give the receivers a chance...
Ngl Joe Biden’s ads go kinda hard
"No confidence is the offense

2 minute drill with Two timeouts and you call 3 runs back to back. Sad"
the fact that we’re that upset about being up 17-0 instead of 24/20-0 shows how far we’ve came since the flacco days
"That drive, minus that tarded swing pass to RB to start, was why we were so good last year. Run run and run"
"You would think this is Pittsburgh sub as much as everyone talks em up. Fuck the Steelers, I don’t care if we are 0-15, I refuse to talk them up."
I think a lot of people are ascribing problems to the offense as a whole that can actually be explained by simply poor line play. The O has actually been quite good today imo without the penalties. Yes I understand that penalties are still part of the offense but the point is that in theory a good team will clean that up in the time between week 6 and the playoffs. I'm feeling pretty good today
I only hope we lose to force the FO to make a move
"Getting a bad loss to the Eagles here might actually shake things up.

This team, barring a tremendous meltdown will make the playoffs but I have zero faith they’ll be able to do anything except get bounced early again."
Man.. I liked this sub a lot more before we signed Lamar I swear 90% of you are just reactionary babies .it legit feels like most of you aren't even watching the game just complaining
"This offense is just not good enough right now. Period.

You are 100% kidding yourself if you think THIS offense is enough to win against a slew of good teams en route to winning a Lombardi. The defense and special teams are great. Those units are good enough. The offense is not.

In r/nfl today all I heard was how Andrews was gonna feast because Gerry is shit. Where is Andrews? Meanwhile Lamar is sidearming everything, the line is brainfarting on simple fucking procedure every other play, there is no run game, receivers can't get separation, and Lamar just gave up an unnecessary sack to lose us points. This is not good enough, period."
A lot of y’all are super fair weather. Everybody saying “Lamar needs to be benched” or “madden curse” needs to take a good step back and stop watching this game
"This side arm nonsense needs to stop. His decision making is back on point tho. This week off is important. If Lamar gets back to week 1 form, we best team in the league. No cap."
I feel like watching a game from late Flacco era again
"I hate to say it, but no way we beat Pittsburgh only scoring 24. Really hope we clean up the offense on the practice field this week."
"I really, really want to believe in this team, but we look like paper tigers at the moment."
"bruh, that looked like a pass from Jackson's rookie season"
One thing Lamar can definitely improve is his body language when things aren't going well.
These last few games make me nervous for Pittsburgh.
If we lose to Hurts I swear to god
Lol.  When we want them to throw.  Greg Roman chooses to run....  is he toying with us?
Man last year we would have tried to get a TD with less than a minute left lol
"Everyone is so mad we didn’t try to score. We’re learning from last year and not blowing our load in the regular season. Jesus Christ, sorry we’re only up 17 points on the road with a team that actually is allowed fucking fans"
"Feel like Lamar got lazy on his technique that made him so efficient last year. Keeps throwing sidearm and not stepping into his throws, hes right on the money when he does. Could also be the O-Line regression"
"i get that i am a part of the problem, but i turned that am to a was, not every game is going to be 50-10. we are lucky to have a great team, but cmon yall were are pitching a shutout right now and we pitched a sort of shutout last week."
But are we ever outta FG range 😏
I hate our inability to get separation so fucking much Jesus Christ.
"This team’s going to look like shit against good teams, our schedule coming up is going to be brutal for us"
Wasnt there a rule that you cant fumble forward into the endzone
Some of you guys have never experienced the heart attack flacco era of winning/losing games in the last minute.  We aren’t going to put up 40+ each game.  Lamar is human
Some of y’all need to understand the offense has looked like trash the past couple weeks and saying it looks bad isn’t being toxic
Game should be a lot more one sided than this. Offense has a lot of work to do during the bye week
"Lots of missed offensive opportunities. Feel like we should have 50 on the scoreboard right now. 

Thank God we’re headed into a bye week. Pop the offense up on those jacks and change the oil"
[deleted]
"offense killed 19 seconds of clock and yall blaming the Defense

these motherfuckers are tired. Lamar cant pass and we cant run on em"
This could easily be the biggest choke of the last several years.
We have given up a more than the field in penalities it's hard to close the game when you are so undisciplined
I had this dream that Tucker was about to kick the game winning field goal and then Harbaugh blocked it with an iPad
Why do the announcers fixate on the NFC East?  They all suck.
Prediction- Boykin or Duvernay has a big game. Coaches are looking for one of them to step up and be a difference maker. Today’s the day that one does.
I'm gonna need at least 1 receiver to get 100 yards today. And Duvernay needs to be incorporated more.
Prediction: Our announcer today will know who our QB is.
Biggest concern I have today is the run D without Brandon Williams. Ravens give up 160 yards on the ground a game without him on the field.
This is Lamar's rebound week. I belee
Who do we want to win browns/steelers?
"Fly Ravens fly, on the road to victory 🎶 on the road to victory, fly ravens fly, score a touchdown 1 2 3 (1,2,3!) 

Hit em low

Hit em high

And watch our Ravens fly! 

Fly Ravens fly, on the road to victory! 

R A V E N S Ravens!"
Calais is a beast
Marcus Peters wtf was that 😂
That was a TD
"Yes Wink, bringing 6 on 3rd & 22 makes a ton of sense!"
"Peters blew that one, but holy shit how fast is Jimmy Smith still"
Greg wtf was that?
That was tentative as fuck Ingram
Does Jackson seem slower? Or am I crazy?
Those naked bootlegs aren't fooling anyone this year.
3rd & 10 is my best friend now
duv needs to be moved to at least wr 2
Duvernay is not afraid of contact.
"Boyle is Roilin""!"
Boyle me TIMBERS
That was sneaky
Also great play for the TD
What a play! Improvising our way to 6. I'll take it
"God I fucking love Lamar

Anyone know what rap song that was when CBS was going into break?"
Tucker with that big kick energy!
I hate it when Greg takes away half the field with his playcalling. We got lucky bcos of Lamars talent there.
I'm a couple of plays late; but Devin Duvernay is going to be a Y.A.C. machine for years to come in due time.
Whoa that half record
"You can still be a sloppy scorer. While our offense is scoring, something does seem different."
"If we could stop those Lamar rollouts, that’d be great. Those have been going for 1 or 2 yards each time"
This pass rush though
Damn 57 yards for Koch on his longest game as a Raven 😤
Let Lamar run it. Bring back 2019.
Cox and Graham are still pretty good man everyone hates on the eagles but those guys have been good for a while. They need more playmakers tho
I say it every week and will keep doing so  we need to find a better replacement for Yanda. Our oline is clearly hurting and its constantly being proven. Fuck another receiver. Fuck another pass rusher. If we trade for anyone. It needs to be a solid guard.
Random thought: It's a good thing Zach Ertz's parents never named him Richard.
Damn hope that dude is ok
Averret has looked good so far
And here come the boos
He did that to his self.
That doesn't look good :( you hate to see that happen to anyone
That was brutal
It's hard to see how he got hurt from that. Hope he's ok
"High speed collision head on.  Dangerous stuff.  I hope that guy is ok.  But it seems to be that, as bad as it looks, the guy who gets flipped end-for-end is usually not the guy who gets hurt in that situation."
"Idk how people constantly talk about how lamar is gonna get injured for his style of play when they never talk about Wentz - he runs quite a bit too, is made of glass, and gets hit on every play"
Ugh.
Everythings getting deflected
Why is Lamar so hesitant to take off? He could have run for the first down already a couple times this game.
Just because we’re playing the eagles doesn’t mean our receivers can play like eagles receivers
What is the play calling? That’s 2 straight plays with guys running routes into each other
"I get last week was frustrating due to never running the ball, but that's not the case this week. The o-line is sucking, passes keep getting tipped, and Lamar is missing throws yet again."
That was bonkers
His knee was never down imo. It was on his foot. Commentator is ass
BRUH NOBODY IN THE LEAGUE IS BETTER AT FORCING FUMBLES THAN US
BOONK GANG
"Ferguson has been having a solid sophomore year. Not as much of an instant hit as you want from the NCAA all time sacks leader, but he's improved clearly from year one and I'm excited to see how he grows throughout the year"
The ball is starting to move before he’s down. It’s a fumble. Offense needs to capitalize here!!
Dude Longhorns balling out today. Good play Elliott!
That play is going to stand.
Defence 🔥🔥 offence 🧊
Defense is absolutely ruthless though guys
"Lamar looked kinda slower there, hope he's feeling alright!"
i hope mark is ok
Free Gus
The Gus bus only stops for the endzone!
GUSBUS
Hop on the Gus Bus! Next stop: The end zone!
"""Apex ball hawks""

I love it"
ALL ABOARD
Gus deserves these goal line touches! Way to go bus!!
DA WHEEELLLSS ON DA BUSSSS
CANT STOP THE GUS BUS
FEED GUS
THE WHEELS ON THE BUS RIGHT TO THE END ZONE LETS GOO
"Points off of the turnover.  Solid football.  Two touchdown lead.  

What we like!"
The O line did something!!!!
Really nice 1st quarter in this game
🗣ALL ABOARDDDDDDD
It's gonna be another blow out that we all know could have been even bigger isn't it
GIVE IT TO GUS
This is a complete team. We may not be playing to potential but they are cohesive. I like it.
I love Mark but it's obvious that he's not primary back material. He needs to be a compliment not the main course.
No panik to panik to no panik all in 15 minutes lol
"The Eagles look garbage on offense so far, so we're up 14-0. Have they even had a first down yet? LOLOLOL"
The fact that the bengals are up 20-0 on the colts rn makes me feel like our win last week was more impressive than I thought it was at the time
"> pass yards: -4

lol"
Who thinks we should take a guard in the 1st this year? Bozeman played C for Bama so we could slide him back and get someone like Leatherwood in the draft. Feel like we need to get stronger in the interior
[Ian Eagle calling Philly the city of brotherly love reminded me of this hilarious tweet](https://twitter.com/pff_austingayle/status/1297183628649279490?s=21)
DAE actually like that commercial
PROTECT THE BALL
Bro I could see that fumble coming a mile away. Jesus christ my heart skipped a beat.
"Just imagine the boos in that stadium right now if we weren't living through a pandemic. Even with, what, 7,500 fans, they still could heard pretty easily."
I guess Ingram is fine lol
Ingram doesn’t have the burst right now. Sit him
The Ravens haven't given up points in the 1st quarter on the road since October of last year.
They tried to Trap Cox. Nah he’s too quick for that
Where was our face-mask Ref? WTF!!! >:(
Another week where we should be winning by a lot more but hey I shouldn’t complain
cmon dobbins
Dobbins has to catch that
Auto-ma-Tuck!
This defense with last year’s offense and we’d never lose a game
"We really could win this game 30-3 and people will still
be bitching about all these changes we need to make and how we aren’t good anymore smh"
Justin Kicker should be his real name!
"I am not claiming to be an expert, but doesn’t Lamar’s delivery look different this year? I get that they’ve had time to practice together and get used to it, but could that be where the problems catching the ball are coming from?"
"Lol, I swear the refs don't like the Ravens. Every week is always some bs or missed calls..."
"#HEY, WE'RE SECOND PLACE NOT THIRD"
Y’all acting like we’re loosing there’s definitely stuff to work on but y’all need to find your chill it’s 17-0
This game is over. I don't think Philadelphia could score 17 points on us if we gave them 8 quarters
OK CJ Board. We see you.
Not bad for a 5th Rounder!
Carson's not gonna survive today is he
Campbell fired up!! 💪😤
We scored 38 on the Browns and our offense is non existent 😂
GOT DAMN CALAIS
Bro our D is really coming along we can win a superbowl with Dilfer of the D plays this well. They have like -1 yard
Carson Wentz is 2-7 for 3 yards LOLOL
That might be the most impressive sack of the team all season
CAMPBELLS CHUNKY NOODLE SOUP BOY
I went to check my fantasy team the Ravens Defense is producing the most points for me...which is nice because I’m a Ravens fan so this is good but sad for my Fantasy team
"Either pat queen is hurt or the ravens used board intentionally on passing downs that drive.

Board did a great job btw"
Remember. This eagles team put up almost 30 on the steelers and we are without our 2 best d-lineman. This defense something else holy shit.
Lamar is SO inaccurate right now
Jackson what is you doing baby?
"""The punter has come to play"" 

Literally his first good punt"
"I want to get hyped with the D, but im still scarred from KC"
What the fuck Lamar in no way did you need to side arm that ball IMO.
"course the Air Force is sponsoring us, we are shooting down everything out here. our defense is a no fly zone"
This side arm business is fucking garbage
"Carson Wentz: *Drops Back*

Ravens Defense: 🥺👉👈 is it for me?"
Horrible pass on 1st down. 0 yard run on 2nd and 10. Great start!
Nice play Lamar!!!
#JK ALL DAY
Nice run by Dobbins
Bro LAMAR EXTENDED WHILE FLIPPING IN THE CORRECT DIRECTION WTF
Feed dobbins and gus and watch the points roll in
Finally Dobbins did something.
"Everything about Dobbins reminds me of Ray Rice. Same number, similar physical stature and they even kind of run the same."
These offensive line penalties are going to kill us
Lamar gotta stop side-arming shit. He doesnt have consistent mechanics. Please clear your head during the week off.
"Ravens: Do a not touchdown

r/ravens: What the fuck"
"STOP

WITH

THE

FLAGS"
So are the refs just getting bored with the game and trying to get the Eagles back in it?
O-line owes me 500 pushups each
You can't beat good teams making these mistakes.
The good news is at some point these will be half the distance instead of 10 yards.
What the hell is that horn????
Bruh the OL has essentially ruined this drive
"Uh alright, fuck it, 2 deep shots"
OLine combined IQ -3
This is an interesting strategy to keep the ball away from the eagles. Just keep committing penalties that replay the down.
"Just kept the clock running that whole time, big brain stuff lol"
Beautiful punt. Boy is a weapon
Lamar needs to pump fake or fix that sidearm shit. Cabt do that all the time.
"Dude, WHAT THE FUCK ARE THEY DOING? Is this a joke or something? Why is Lamar only throwing sidearms? WTF is the Oline doing? WHY ARE WE PASSING SCREENS OVER AND OVER ON A 3RD AND 30?"
Hurts is gonna stay in
Didn't realise they were allowed to get 1st downs
lol we let hurts scramble
How are you gonna let Hurts do that you
Eagles just running 2 QBs for the rest of the game might be their only hope
What was with the fucking annoying ass air horn ?
All that for 3 yards
Hold them to 0
That was obviously not a catch in bounds
Think its a catch just a good play
Not gonna call that block in the back?
Defense got lucky on that one.
Good thing Eagles only active play makers are ass
Lucky the eagles dropped another pass
Defense bailed out a couple times but horrible catch attempts by Philly
Wow bailed out by that drop
Game of Drops
#SHORT
HE SHORT
Looked short
DENIED! HELL YEAH LETS GO TRENCHES
That's a stop!!!
That was short
Short.  Now fuck off the field
Refs will probably give it to him LOL
Campbell is a monster
Big stand!!
Fuck yes!
#HELD TO ZERO
Juiceman about to play his own pickup game in the backfield.
"Defense is fine, even if they give up a TD here. That’s still only 7 points allowed in a half. 

The offense is more concerning. Lamar and the offense has looked extremely mediocre. The eagles are not a good defense."
That was the play to have Hurts in right there
wow. what a combo of luck and good ol' ravens D
"Lol, his body didn't even cross the line. If they get this, then the refs are payed off"
Defense balling out without Brandon Williams and Derek Wolf.
Take a deep shot to Hollywood please
Wow content to take it to the half
"WTF was that? Not even trying to score, and now we have to give them the ball again."
I hate not pushing it at the end of the half.  You have the literal best kicker in the history of the NFL with 2 timeouts and 50 seconds.  Just freaking push the ball. Now you give them the ball back because you wanted to play it safe.
Could have at least tried to make it 20-0
"We have 80 yards to go and risk going 3 and out passing and giving Philly the ball with TOs and over 30 seconds with field position near their 30. 

Not worth trying to get a fucking field goal when we're getting the ball back. Anyone who disagrees needs to play something other than Madden."
Good try McPhee
That was 3 free points bro
WHAT THE FUCK
Refs giving them all the chances
there's ur pick lol
Oh duck off that's not roughing
The fuck was that RTP call?
I can't stand roughing the passer calls that aren't flagrant even slightly!
Such a weak RTP
BOI YOU AINT NO JUSTIN TUCKER
*CHUCK CHUCK*
ball dont lie
You know harbs is cussing the refs out behind that mask lol
Hahahahahaha they’re killing themselves today
Man the eagles suck
Ball don't fucking lie
Ball don’t lie bitch
Ball don’t lie
Lmao the bengals are blowing the lead?
Tucker is my dad
"Dude the defense is looking lovely! This fucking offense? Lost, weak, milktoast. I get Lamar trying to develop as a passer, but what the fuck man. Why isn't he actually throwing more than a 2 yard screen, and when he does throw further he sidearms it? He seems like he's hurt or something, hes not running at all and he looks so out of rhythm. He passed better last year! He doesn't look like he's developing well if last year's throws looked better than now. Idk whose fault this is necessarily but it's gotta change."
I'm all about this Tucker Royal Farms commercial.
Wtf are the patriots doing
Atleast we're winning but this has really been a shit game to watch
The defense has been really improving this year week by week. It’s great to see
"Jesus Christ, more penalties"
Please stop with these Penalties
Perfect: glances off a WRs hand and a flag on the same play! lol
What the fuck is going on at the line of scrimmage holy cow.
I predict we see a lot more Hurts this half
OH man that was some 2019 Lamar there
There's our Lamar!
"See when Greg Romans passing plays inevitably fail Lamar needs to get over being seen as a running QB, because Romans doing you no favors"
#STUNT ON THEM
You guys still think he's not that fast anymore lol?
THE FUCKING LLAMA HAS BEEN SPOTTED
YES LAMAR that's what I like to see
Finally jackson runs
Jesus fucking christ this o line is pissing me off
Welcome back Lamar <3
I think the coaches said the offensive player that gets the most penalties today gets a bonus. Thats the only explanation.
Man our runners got hit almost before getting the ball
"I think winning has made the coaches too relaxed. Explains why every aspect of the offense isn’t clicking, don’t hammer the fundamentals into them enough"
Really liking what Duvernay is doing in this game. Here's hoping we put him to use more
"Yes offense, yes."
Someone bring out the belt and whip the O line in a row
Jesus fucking Christ how atrocious has this line play been
What is Lamar doing here?
Wtf.  1 step forward 2 steps back
"Jesus Christ Lamar, throw it away"
"Jesus christ Lamar, now out of FG range. WTF"
cmon andrews
These penalties are killing us
God our pass game is so shit doesn’t help that the O-Line is ass as well
Omfg
Jesus fucking Christ
Taking a sack there wtf
"Great job Lamar, get sacked out of fg range! Throw it the fuck away"
"I’m glad he didn’t turn it over but that could have been a FG for us. Our offence is dying for the Bye next week, looking way out of sorts."
This offense looks like actual hot ass.
Offense has been in a daze for weeks now. They’re about as stable as crypto.
WRs can’t get any separation against average Dbs smh
O-Line Get your shit together
"What the fuck happened to our offense in one year? O-line has no clue what they’re doing, Lamar has regressed exponentially, and Mark Ingram has fallen off the face of the earth. Our incredible defense is the only reason we’re up."
Offense get your heads out of your collective asses and go score. FUCK.
How fucking stupid is that
Well that’s on peters a bit
Bad luck
Bruh that’s actually so lucky
What a weird 2 pt conv play
"That was dumb.

I am fine with that, but it was dumb."
Can someone please explain why tf they went for two?
Damn we sent the house and overran that play bigtime. Chuck shouldn't have to take on the lead blocker
Duvernay is awesome
"Offensively we have no identity. We used to be a run first team... even on fourth and 3. Now I see us having Lamar throw sidearm incompletions left and right and running maybe one third of the time.

Run the fucking ball from the get go and set up one on ones. Jesus christ"
How do even these passes look bad?
Eagles o lineman hugging a Ravens defender on the ground after weve been called for penalties on every other play lol.
It’s so nice not to worry about our returners fumbling lol
Has Lamar taken shots downfield yet today?
Does Greg Roman just suck at designing screen plays?
"Even if he hadn't been touched, Brown was going to slip anyways lol"
I just want to see one deep shot to Hollywood a game atleast
[deleted]
That was maybe the best pocket we’ve made all year
LETS GOOOOOOO!!!!
There’s the RPO
LLAMA
Has there ever been a receiver that goes down right away like Hollywood?
z o o m
"Need to have at least a few run option to keep the defense guessing

Edit haha I’m a little behind"
"Fuck yes, need more of that"
vikings suck
Need that!
LETTTSSS GOOOOOO
There he is!
It’s almost as if that play works and we should use it more often
This is still our motherfucking guy. Have some faith y'all!
BIG TRUSS!!!
"What’s up with us coming out late of the huddle almost every play? I get eating the clock but even when we’re not up, it’s always like with 5-2 seconds left."
Keep dat llama
BIG TRUSS
I need several happy paragraphs from those aggrieved commenters from before lol
"The Ravens may have dialed back on the designed runs for Lamar this season; but when they do call it, Jackson just gets it done!"
"Lmao so what I've noticed is teams aren't letting Lamar get to the perimeter but he can kill them between the tackles. Look at his TD runs this year, between the tackles. Obviously it's dangerous to do that too much but it's there."
Campbell going to make soup out of Wentz at this rate
Holy shit hahah Campbell just swatted 66 out of the way
"First Burrow, now Wentz. We bullied the nice guy quarterbacks, we better bully the bad guy quarterback coming up lol"
Monstars baby
Calais just tossed 66 aside like a fly on that sack...wow
Marlon Humphrey is one punch man.
Does that count as a FF? You don’t gotta recover it right
3rd straight week for a FF from Marlon?
Fruit Punch gettin game coverage
FRUUUUIIIIIT PUUUUNCH
Marlon “Mike Tyson” punch out
DAMN OUR DEFENSE ARE SOME BALLHAWKS!!!!
It’s crazy how people will take Jalen over Humphrey.. I don’t think Marlon has let a single TD this season when the ball gets thrown his way
Next payday I'm getting me a Humphrey jersey. Fuckin love his game
"Lol fun fact, Amazon doesn't own their fleet."
"CJ Board update: He does have a neck injury, unspecified what"
"I know we've been keeping track of number of consecutive games with a Ravens defensive turnover, but we're gonna have to track the number of consecutive Marlon punch outs soon too 🐐"
Mayfield is out of the game rn fyi
Why do we run on 2 and long??
PEANUT PUNCHHHHH
Offense keeps doing jackshit on 1st and 2nd and then it’s 3rd and long every time
Another wasted down
Boykin and Lamar just can’t get that sideline throw down
"Uhhh...? Boykin literally took off on a dead sprint and looked over his shoulder after the pass from Lamar was already on the ground, wow they were so off there. What the hell happened?"
Boykin is so bad. Every game he’s running with his head down
Marlon “looks like a boxer out there”
Boykin forgot his route on that one. Clear supposed to be  comeback route.
John Harbaugh said Boykin is in all the right spots 🤷‍♂️
It's always Boykin. They gotta get on the same page
Boykin has gotta be put on the hot seat. He has no clue what he's doing
AGAIN with Boykin.
Is it really Boykin running the wrong routes coaches seem to say he’s playing fine and not in the wrong
Ertz is having a bad game.
welp. bound to happen.
Wonder how the coverage was supposed to go
This game is nowhere near over.  2 score game if they get points here.  D needs a stop.
Ward definitely hit him late
Damnit Ward!!
Good call there
cmonnnnnn we dont need to blast him after throwing it!
What a stupid penalty.
wow it wasn’t judon
We are just going to ignore the BLATANT hold there refs?
That dude could have took a nap and then got back up and caught that ball wide open.
"I feel like professional football players should be able to tackle, that's just me."
That was a pick!
"Harrison fucked up big time there.

Lets go offense!!"
Ok now go score
Hump took a big impact trying to stop the 2 point conversion. Hope he’s ok.
I just want the fucking steelers to start losing man I want first place back
"nick ""mark andrews"" boyle"
Bungles boutta choke on their 21-0 lead lol
Imagine having 13 open on 3rd a 4 and just throwing it away ffs
The GOAT!
AUTOMATUCK!!!
Tucker is good beyond words
GET YOUR FLAGS READY REFS
Making 55 yarders look like XPs.
If we come out playing soft coverage I will be very annoyed
Bengals went for a field goal to take the lead and doinked it
"Four and out, yessir!"
Jimmy still a G
"I wanna give the eagles some respect, they may not be the best team. But they got heart, I can tell from the way they are playing."
We have to have the best db corps in the league no?
This is beyond fucked up
LOL OF COURSE A FUCKING PENALTY
Another penalty! Holy fuck
10 penalties now?
"I swear to Christ this offensive line needs to have their bye week revoked or something, fucking a"
These fucking penalties
Holy fuck these penalties are killing us
The more I see this O-line the higher Stanley’s price becomes
5 of 6 OL have been penalized. Just fucking awful.
"Refs have let teams hold us all year, what a load of shit"
How many flags? Seriously. I think everyone on offense has gotten one by now. Wtf guys!?
I've seen that same holding call on Mekari get ignored when we're on defense all year I feel like
The entire O-line needs to walk home tonight
Score would be insane if our oline wasn't flagged every play
It's Tucker Time! Heck yah.
I really wish we had a receiver who was capable of getting open quickly. Obviously one of them is out on the market rn but.....
Lamar high key been frying today in the passing game
Gotta clean up these penalties
[deleted]
I hope that guy's ok. Hate to see that
Browns are frauds
humphrey just shoves him down for a sack lol
HOLY SHIT YOU CAN GET CALLED FOR HOLDING AGAINST THE RAVENS??
Carson Jackson
Bad tackle by Queen
Queen soft as hell for that
An offensive holding on the Eagles?! Do my eyes deceive me?
wow they held us? wow!
TEXANS NO
How do you guys like Dev Duv so far?
"If anyone cares, that's the second offensive holding call we've gotten called for us this year."
PICKED!!! ELLIOT!!
Elliott didn't catch that.
"Two missed picks this game, damn. Wentz will be really fortunate if the game ends with 0 INTs for him."
Lmao Jalen Hurts is funny af. Y'all see the face he made at the camera? 😂😂😂
Jalen Hurts sighting
Are you fucking joking?
Wtf.
"Oh come on

That was double coverage"
In triple coverage on fourth down are you joking
How did they miss that
#I SWEAR TO FUCKING CHRIST IF WE LOSE THIS GAME
And just like that it's a game
Maybe if the offense could keep the ball longer then a minute the defense wouldn't be tired af
Why does it seem like they stop caring like half way through every game?
Defense is so gassed right now
Wtf is going on?!
Can the overly optimistic fans fuck off now?
This is actually really embarrassing
Peters hurt or just giving up?
No idea how this defense gives up this many yards in a half to a team devoid of offensive talent.
goddamn these penalties
Jesus christ this is pathetic
So many bad penalties. Disappointing performance.
Penalties will be the death of us
Eagles would be up if the receivers caught the balls they dropped. Not a good look. D has had its moments but they were exposed this second half
We are literally trying to blow this game
NFL refs go brrrr
unfuckingbelievable
Lamar is not getting any help at all out there man.
We really gonna let them tie this game huh?
"We're not even at the 2 minute warning yet and we let them have the ball back with the clock stopped. Fans back in it too.

Wtf are yall doing"
27 seconds on offense. Tell me again how everything is fine.
offense is not consistent. playcalling is god awful. offensive line sucks. that is all.
Lol how much time did we just take off the clock? Like 10 seconds? Complete disaster when we could have sealed the win.
And now it's all on the D. Should never have got to this.
OG Ravens football is back.
Where’d all them “fucking relax” fans go? Only up one TD now. 27 seconds of offense with 3 mins left. Embarrassing.
FUCKING BULLLLSSHHIIIIT
that is such a terrible call my god
Feels like I’m watching a classic Flacco/Cam Cameron game.
REFS I STG
This is bullshit
12 penalties.
Eagles dude pushed Marcus out of the way
Well this is embarrassing
How’s that PI???
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT CALL
What the actual fuck was that call...
That was a bull shit PI
Now y'all see why offense fucking matters. Goddamn
Someone has a stake in this game...
The refs exposing us right now /s
Who is Gilchrist some PS guy?
We gonna blow this game
omg these lucky ass plays
Haha this game sucks
Were is body built by taco bell
Gerry Sandusky literally said the hay was in the barn on the radio when tucker nailed that last field goal.
"Fourth quarter, 30-28*, blood pressure 350/97"
Greg Roman.
Watch there will be a wide open receiver on the 2 point conversion
"Fuck the refs
Fuck our offense
Fuck everything"
Shoot Roman into the god damn sun
The offense couldn't stay on the field and sustain a drive at the end to put this away. The defense has made some costly mistakes today but this is mostly on the offense. Tons of terrible penalties that killed our drives too.
"Ugly, ugly game. Win or lose this game blows"
False start on the 2 point by a mile not called.
"The Eagles Oline left side moved early on that 2 pt try with no flag, but screw em"
And a false start there too
They missed a blatant false start on that too! 68 went way early
THANK GOD.
"Mother of God, what a terrible game.  And it never ends!"
Games still not over yet
Can Judon get back on the bus ride home ?
Eagles have more false starts than the Ravens have penalties
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Holy fucking shit. It literally is just a fucking rerun of our 2016 game.
It took Judon 5 fucking weeks to do something
FUCK YOU BITCH
There you go Judon
On the Peter's bs PI there was a big time missed hold on Bowser. Of course not called.
Even though we won can we get a blame of the game thread
Once again our defense won the game
PROCHE MVP
Proche has the best hands on the team
Well it’s reassuring to know we not the Falcons
Where was the dumbass earlier saying this game wasn’t ugly and we should stop complaining?
Thank you proche
Bless our special teams. They can get the game ball. Offense and defense don't deserve shit today.
Llama with game ball
There we go!! That bootleg to seal is like that Houston MNF 2017 game
"We held on boys, holy shit"
"Now the hay really *is* in the barn

Thank you Faster Chief"
lol @ the army crawl back inbounds
Fucking heart attack
Kind of nice to win a game with my heart going 90 by the end forgot what that felt like lol
Both 5 and 1 starts ended in Super bowls !
Good to win but man that felt like a loss.
The ravens offense is... a mess. But the refs where horrendous. Is there anything that provides quality assurance for them after performances like this!?
Crawled to the win
Marcus Peters got picked on this game.
"God our fanbase is so annoying. The offense is absolutely struggling, nobody is saying otherwise. But you get looked at like a leper if you point out that we're also 4-1 and currently up 17 in the first half. I watch football for fun, not to constantly moan and groan about everything that goes wrong."
I’m seeing some serious losers in this thread.
"#Get rid of the horn, fucking retarded eagles fans"
Look at everyone complaining that we're only up 17-0.
"LaMaR HaS BeEn FiGuReD OuT. HeS NoT ScoRiNg On EvErY PoSSeSSioN, RavEns BlOw"
"Another week with a lot of people saying complaints aren't allowed. Well, Lamar has completed 46.2% of his passes, the o-line has been bad, and the run game is averaging 3.7 YPC. Thankfully the defense has made these multiple weeks of bad offense irrelevant, but pretty soon the Ravens start to play some decent teams and this offense won't cut it."
"Guys chill out, we are winning by 10 against a horrible team and our offense looks like shit for the 4th week in a row but we shouldn’t be concerned right?"
Jalen hurts is gonna be in this game. I can feel it
the dude hasnt moved since the hit and his teammate comes up to him flexin. bruh
I really wanna watch the game with y’all because COVID but some of y’all are toxic AF. Just enjoy the season JFC
"Yikes, another bad sidearm pass. Step into your throws, Lamar. Is his shoulder hurt?"
I don’t think that was a catch
"NFC East really is a cripple fight, isn't it?"
We really shouldn't sleep on the Browns. Baker is hurt and Chubb is out. They've played just as shitty of teams as we have this year except for the Chiefs.
"Out of curiosity,

Through 5 games:

2020 Lamar : 949passing yrds, 9TDs 2INTs 63.7% . 238 rush yards, 1TD 5.8avg

2019 Lamar : 1271passig yrds , 11TDs 5Ints 65.4% . 308 rush yards, 1TD 6.2avg"
Lmao. Why does Hollywood just fall down on every catch. He is NOT a #1
"ThE oFfEnSe iS FinE 

*8 penalties*"
About 3-5 times per game this season i go “wtf lamar”. That rarely ever happened last year.
i thought you can't fumble forward?
"Can we give Lamar the option to call his own plays? He's a smart kid he understands schemes. Rodgers does it in occasion, Russell wilson does it in occasion, so why can't Lamar?"
We need to hire a passing game coordinator this is insane
"Keenum is in for the browns

lol"
People need to remember that Eagles have a top 5 if not top 3 Defensive line
We were winning...30-14. STOP BLOWING ASS
"This is 100% on the offense. If they actually knew how to score without the defense giving them turnovers or great field position, this wouldn't even be a game"
RAVENS GOT THIS . LAMAR MURRAY IS THE NEXT MAHOMES!!! YEEEHAW
"Lamar is so out of it man. Fuck everyone who says we’re toxic and fake fans for having valid criticisms, man looks like he isn’t even trying on some of those"
Baker benched LOL
"Lamar looks like a rookie QB out there, not the MVP of last year."
Another mental breakdown. This would be a bloodbath against Pitt.
Unpopular opinion: I think the offense looked good today but penalties are killing our momentum
Offense fucked us over. They suck
"Not a single mask in that crowd, wtf..."
Our rush game is WEAK (today)
"MARK IS HURT, I REPEAT, MARK IS HURT"
"Even if he catches that it's not a first down, does Roman know this?"
"This offense is leaving a lot to be desired this year. Bad play calling, poor touch and accuracy on passes, no hands by the wide receivers, and the OL isn’t providing any time to step into throws. Rough showing that I assume won’t be addressed until the bye week."
"Sidearm pass fail.

That was really bad."
"Man Lamar really needs to quit side arming it when there's no pressure on him, no reason to do that"
That was easily the worst coaching decision I've seen from Harbaugh in a long time.  Why the fuck do you try to run out the clock when 30 yards gets you into Tucker range with 2 timeouts.  Thankfully they don't have Tucker so it didn't hurt us but still.
The browns are imposters
Much more positives than negatives in the first half. I wish we could focus on those more
"Elliott is not to blame for this, he did all he could"
"A million penalties pre snap:

Completely covered receivers:

No downfield calls:

Raven fans: Lamars to blame for our shite offense!!!!"
[deleted]
Of course this is now a close game. Roman is a real liability if our offense can't fucking do anything.
I know I'm not supposed to say positive things about the ravens in r/ravens but it is nice to see lamar looking around for additional targets.
Let's see what dumb penalties get called on us this series.
"That's OPI, clearly pushed off. But that's alright"
You guys remember when we couldn’t criticize the offense because it was 17-0? Pepperidge farm remembers
If we continue playing like this we aren’t winning the division
#I'M GONNA BE FUCKING SICK TO MY STOMACH
132 penalty yards isn’t the refs fault man. One or two calls is the refs fault. This is embarrassing.
"Blame the refs all you guys want, if the offense had done shit for the past 3 quarters we wouldn’t be in this situation"
Penalties are killing us tbh everything has looked fine except that . If we limit the penalties we could legitimately have like 40 points rn
We should be 6-1 after today we bet the Eagles and the Refs
"*1 rush results in negative yardage*

Greg Roman: ALERT ALERT ABANDON THE RUN"
I don’t care what anyone says our offense looks like hot garbage
As much as we had the ball Lamar having 85 yards is pathetic. Lamar is struggling he is a huge part of the offense problems. Idk why we  can't admit it here. Sidearming for no reason. Throwing short. Throwing late
"Steelers are spanking the Browns but struggled with the Eagles. Its a week to week league. Lamar will clean his shit up. Literally no reason to think otherwise. When has he not improved, going back to his true freshman year at Louisville."
Offense is AIDs. Stop trying to be different go pack the rpo and win ffs
And I thought this team was going to beat the Chiefs lol
Let’s abandon the run
"If GR is reading this, don't abandon the run"
I hope none of our linemen gets tossed around by Fletcher Cox. Tyre will start again at RG I guess?
Ellis and Madubuike in for Wolfe/Williams.
Man I really wanna see our o clicking this game
LFG!!!!!!!!
5-1 before the bye would be huge!! Lfg
"I should have gone to the game, a friend said I could have gotten tickets, bus ride, and tailgate for $500, would have been worth it since it doesn’t look like we are going to be allowed at any home games this year"
Looks like we won the toss and are deferring?
FIRST PLAY
We might murder Wentz this game
"CAN WE GET AN OFFICIAL SACK COUNTER


I"
Exactly how we drew it up...
That could’ve been bad
"Lol, the Peters gamble totally failed and we got lucky there"
"Breakdown in the secondary, but thank god the eagles suck lol"
Thank you football gods
Lamar could have burned him on that corner 3 steps sooner wtf...
PLAY DOBBINS
I can't believe we don't run the option anymore. I can't understand why.
Gotta get Boykin settled in good catch
Ok BOYKIN
Can we stop the bootlegs? These shits aren't working.
That ball looked so bad
The defense has given me hope. The offense... not so much so far. But it's still early
There is dobbins only carry today
Wow love that play
MAKE DUVERNAY THE WR2
Duvernay. Me like.
as soon as I see that rollout I already know it's about to be a useless play
"omg, a pick play!"
Are we ever gonna get a game called by tony and jim nantz?
Wow good shit lamar
We so hot we Boyleing
Two straight runs. Are we allowed to do that?
Beautiful
That's more like it.
Feed the Boyle #FeedTheBoyle
Andrews in shambles
I'm feeling Peters interception here!!
"*philly defends play well*

UH OHHH YOU GOT LAMAR’D U FRIGGIN MORONS"
"Who do you guys want to win, steelers or browns?"
Sanders couldn't escape the fort
We're gonna feast on this Eagles RG
"Oh hey, the eagles got positive yards there"
This defense is good
"Oof, Hollywood was open. These batted passes are tough"
"We had two first downs on 2nd and 3rd, just got tipped twice. Damn."
This OL is young. Guards are very young players and skura has to get back in game shape
"these commercials, wtf"
"Philly has a deep and talented D line folks, chill."
Wish Roman would call more straight forward run plays.
"The playcalling is looking better, the offense is looking good. That last series the Eagles D just stepped up. We're looking great so far, not every possession is gonna be perfect, we're fine"
"Sam ""iron man"" koch"
matt stover 😢
Wentz fell off so much dude
Anthony Averett lmao
GET OFF THE FIELD AHHHHH GET OFF THE FIELD AHHHH AHHH AHHHHHHHHHH
Anthony A has been playing pretty well these past few weeks
"LOL, Sam Koch looking so casual/relaxed on the sideline; just another day at the office for him."
Damn is he okay...KOED himself
Ouch
Damn I hope he's ok
"man, Proche has looked so dynamic returning punts"
Ingram limping off?
Ingram slow monkaS
I hope that's just a calf cramp for Ingram.  Luckily we have other RBs.
That doesn't look right.
Another 3rd and Long....smh
What even was that drive?
Who was even supposed to get that?
This game is just listless so far.
Lamar still not looking like himself and the offensive line and play calling are still really sus. Roman needs to get it together already.
"Why are Lamar's hot reads 5 yards from the first down? Like even if Snead caught that, no way was it going for a first down. Are bad plays being called or is Lamar making the wrong read? Why aren't we taking shots down field? The playcalling has been ass this season."
So I see we went back to the old Ravens: defense saving our ass and offense looking like a lame duck
Savage
That’s a turnover!
FUMBLE RECOVERY!!!
Fumble all the way
That’s our ball
Fumble ball was moving
Good kid but Wentz is trash.
CLEAN STRIP BABYYYY
Streak continues if this holds
that better be a fucking fumble
His knee’s on his shoe no?
Andrews switch jerseys with Boyle?
Hell yeah 19th game? Right? Hell yeah D
The young dudes on defense must just practice punching and yanking the ball out they are unbelievably good at turnovers.
Wow defense carrying the entire team what else is new
TD pass incoming to Mark Andrews
#APEX BALL HAWKS
"Boyle, Boykin. NFL played by a bunch of men by Lamar only throwing to ""Boy""s"
yay a completed pass
This defence got my dick hard
The Gus that couldn't slow down
"Touchdown Ravens!

Gus the Bus   🚌"
Gus is definitely better than Ingram at this point
Wow running the ball works?!?!? Who would have thought
#BUS EDWARDS HOFer
Offense 100% is feeling better than last week
Thats why i love gus. Dude hits every hole at 100mph so even if he gets stopped he still gets yards
THE BUS!
The teams we have played this year have covered the rollout so well that Lamar needs to run somewhere else for real. He runs right like every play
Bengals are up 20-0 against Indy...
When you take 4 tabs before the game
That commercial is creepy as hell man wtf 😂
Anyone else have a creepy feeling about that commercial? Wtf was that
I pray no one poaches wink from us next year
Wentz just accepting his fate at this point. Pathetic to watch him just stop and protect. Like throw it away dumbass
Wentz used to be good
They booing hahaha
Wentz looks Boller-esque.
DAMN THE EAGLES REALLY SUCK LOL
are they gonna make a 1st down today?
Sack city
"Great return by Proche, even if it wasn't long in the end."
I’m glad we got McPhee back. I remember being upset we didn’t resign him back in the day
"Proche looking like our best punt returner in years. Fields it well, makes good decisions, and usually gets a solid 10 yard return."
How many more drives until we see Jalen Hurts?
 I thought the colts defense was good
Oh boy Snead. Come on we can’t have that
"This year, I'm glad for a return to a little normalcy. Defense plays lights out while offense sucks ween."
"Snead you got DAMN lucky there, but great play regardless."
Willy dropped that one.  Come on Wiily
JESUS CHRIST SNEAD
"It's ok, Snead IV.  That was still a hell of a play and it worked out in the end."
"snead, cmon son"
Snead almost got Marloned
Why send Ingram back out there and risk him aggravating the injury? This feels like the EXACT scenario we drafted JK for.
"Why is Ingram in? We have JK and Gus, why risk further injury?"
Snead fumble happened because he is unfamiliar w/ catching the ball on deep routes
Ingram doesn’t need to be in the game if he hurt put in gus and jk
Some of y’all need to chill these are people too
Justin Tucker is elite
I swear for every reception we must have like two drops. It’s actually insane.
Offense hasn't been great but we're still up. This shows you what generating pressure off of FOUR rushers can do for our defense
"this offense looks lethargic, lamar can't be the only playmaker"
This upcoming draft we need to draft all Offensive linemen
These drops are just insane
"That was a catchable ball for Dobbins, but I'm not going to complain because we can't get TD's on every drive. Overall, a good offensive drive and a FG puts us up 17"
Can't wait for EDPs reaction
17 points in a half is nothing to groan about folks
Cant watch the game. How does Lamar and the offense look? Judging by the score it seems pretty good?
I SEE YOU CHRIS BOARD
Shoutout to Anthony Averett for not being trash lately
"LET'S GO DEFENSE, CALAIS IS THE BEST"
Who says we need a pass rusher!
Eagles punter MVP
Campbell is a monster
"Defense is fucking eating, holy shit 

Also that was a hell of a punt"
I wanna see an Average Joe's episode with Calais Campbell rushing a pass against 4 average joe's and juat watch the carnage.
Judon just out there running
Honestly ridiculous punt though
Bruh imagine having Carson Wentz on your fantasy
"So that puts them at what,  -7 total yards?"
AFC North straight stomping on the colts
Wtf was that lamar?
That is a depressed dog mask lol
I don’t like this passing man. What’s going on? Always so low....
"Helmet straight to the knee, ouch"
"Something I've noticed it once you get under Lamars skin, he really struggles to overcome. If we can fix that, we're unstoppable"
That dude went straight for his knees
lol reset Lamar!
Lamar pretending to be one of our TEs.
THERE'S 2019 LAMAR
Eagles game thread getting toxic lmaoo
Dobbins looks so good making guys miss
What the fuck has happened to Wentz? He looked legit for a couple of seasons.
-5 total yards 💀
Holy fuck what is the o-line doing
Keep feeding Dobbins
Hey guys let's not get to another 4th and 43
FUCKING FIVE OL PENALTIES CMON
Might as well just punt with 1st and 25. We will get the ball in better field position from Wentz anyway lol
Jesus....
Is this a record for illegal formations?
Bro. Are you kidding me? 3 straight plays with 25 yards of penalties?
Stanley has 3 fucking penalties... unacceptable
this oline is so bad and undisciplined to boot
This is when we take a shot down field to Hollywood
The fuck refs
1st and 35 smh offensive line needs to get it together
"If it gets to 4th down, fuck it, Hey diddle diddle, Lamar up the middle"
3 fucking flags in a row. This is god damn unacceptable.
I was just thinking that I was really enjoying how much the referees were swallowing their whistles this year lol. This is a comeuppance of biblical proportions
Why does Lamar always throw sidearm
The whole O Line taking turns fucking up
If I was the coach I would putting the oline through the wringer next practice.
uh. 1 deep shot....????
There ain't much you can do on 3rd and 30 really. Got some yards and pin back the Eagles on the punt.
Fuck it go deep.
Hurts to watch
"That was a brutal series. Could’ve easily gotten 3 more points on the board. Don’t like what I’m seeing from the offence at all, the Bye is going to be really beneficial for us."
Why are we not taking shots downfield?!?!?
"Up 17-0 in the 2nd, defense is lights out, offense looks like shit. Deja vu much?"
Why haven’t they used Brown yet? That was the perfect drive
Tackle him what the fuck
Lmao they put in Hurts
"Pleased to see growth from this offense week to week. It’s not perfect yet, but I believe Lamar wants to be better than any of us could even imagine. He’ll keep working"
Honestly props to Wentz for the blocking there lmao
Stupid ass browns
"1st and 35? Just throw some short passes, no point in trying."
jalen hurts my feelings
I'm honestly scared of Hurts
LOL
Here we go with the stupid bullshit plays
So this is what it was like playing against Lamar last year?
Eagles phasing in Hurts this drive makes me giggle
Not sure why we're going 1 dimensional lately.
It's not fun to play against a mobile qb man lol
FOOT NOT DOWN
That's not a catch. 2nd foot was out
That's not a fucking catch
no way he caught that
Bullshit luck on that Ward catch.
I don't know if he had control the whole time but think it's the right call to stand
"Can't get mad at that, hell of a fucking play"
That looked like a catch from the front on angle. Can't be mad for getting a call right
"My bad y'all, I meant to type ""homecooking""."
Bro..our defense is so streaky lol...wild
I'm not even sure what I'm watching anymore.
He didn't get it!!
Short lol
Short
I think we got em!
He ain't get it
no way he got that
what a fucking stop!!
*Loud Noises*
CAN WE PLEASE TAKE A DEEP SHOT NOW
LOOOOL imagine not being able to sneak a yard
DENIED!
Let the shutout continue
Lmao. Marlo screaming
I agree with the announcers. Carson needs to shoot under and he has it easy.
Guys. I thought I hated Ian Eagle's commentary. But I am loving him and Charles Davis together.
Refs really making this game boring as shit
"Without bias, where do u guys think our defense is ranked?"
"Alright Lamar, do some Lamar shit."
No turnovers please.
Come on harbs try for a fg at least
Dobbins kind of rescued that play all on his own. Picked it up from a low position and managed to make 6 yards out of it.
Dobbins goes from 0 to 60 at once!
Lol Philly trying to extend the misery
Snaps are SHIT all year. wtf
"Lol, are the Ravens not going to try to get a field goal? Not tryna sound greedy or anything but..."
Don't understand why we took a timeout on Philly's 3rd down and then are trying to run out the clock.
Seems like we aint even trying to score here. Might as well have kneeled.
How has Carson wentz managed to lose his starting job every single year of his career
You don't block Koch.  Koch blocks you
what kinda pussy shit
Why not pass there and try! Get the 1st we see the clock out.
McPhee just needed to step back once to get that
mcphee cmon!!
McPhee gotta get that!
The D is more excited to give Tucker a FG than Roman is
Half time awards... only the Defense.
Are you shitting me. Free FG attempt.
What?
Wrong call it was Ferguson. Horrible penalty.
What is this sloppy shit?
Weak fucking call!
Nice try refs
Fuck these refs
Terrible call. Gifting them points
What a shit call
bullshit fucking call wow
weak ass call to negate an int
Pussy ass refs
Holy shit what a weak fucking roughing call
good they deserved to miss that - ball don't lie
He thought he was Tucker
Well despite our best attempts Philly still not in this thing lol
Suck my fucking dick refs.
did he just say Ngata? damn I miss that guy
Philly got exactly what it deserved there. Soft RTP call and Wentz bailed out of two interceptions. Go fuck yourselves.
WJZ trolling Elliot with the Tucker commercial
"> ""Even Pikachu is upset here in Philly."" - Ian Eagle, 2020"
Tucker and royal farms. Lmao
halftime thoughts?
CJ Board took a NASTY hit in the WAS/NY game. Went limp after the hit and is being carted off
Are the Browns good or terrible???
All I can think is madden with Charles Davis
We cant even line up correctly.
This is a very classic Ravens game.
Why does this team have so much trouble lining up correctly? HOW?
I just want old ravens offense back ;-;
Have we completely given up on RPOs?
Houdini
Amazing run! Thats what we want to see! He should scramble more.
"Lamar has to run the ball to be effective. Not because he’s a bad passer, but because defenses have to be worried about his dual threat ability."
That just makes our offense so much more dynamic
Another penalty wtf
There's a Lamar run
ENOUGH WITH THE PENALTIES SMH
I really hope this is a wake up call for our offense.
"Yknow, we lose Yanda and now nobody knows how to play Oline. Great."
Pretty sure the Browns are not the kings of the north.
Raise the confidence of the whole offense pls
Announcers really playing bingo with our offensive line
Nice run Duvernay! :P
Ravens RB’s: 19 carries for 53 yards today
"We are seeing our RBs hit in the backfield every running play. 

Are they just beating their man horrendously or are we watching the read defender just play the read right?"
Ooooo hollywood coulda had 6 there
Hollywood heard me saying Duv should be wr1
Smallest possession receiver ever
Dobbins running behind last year’s line woulda been fantastic
So sick of these 3 yard sidearm dump offs. Christ.
Eagles look like a CFL team today for sure.
Fucking hell O clean it up
Way too many flags this week.
WHY DO YOU STOP YOUR MOMENTUM DOBBINS?
"The penalties this game, wth"
Throw the damn thing away Lamar!
This offense man...idk
So. Bet the falcons will blow it again 😂
I wonder with this many false starts its something to do with LJs hard count?
Ref hit himself in the face with his whistle lmao dumbass
The guys committing penalties have been in this offense for years!
Are we just testing Lamar to play with more yards orrrr
i love seeing the Benglols again after they were so fucking annoying for years
lamar cmon man...
Why doesnt Greg give Lamar a checkdown
"No offense, no."
"Throw it out of bounds dude, that's 3 points down the drain"
I cannot believe all these penalties man. It is rediculous. If I was Lamar id be super pissed. They cannot get any momentum because the whole Oline is fucking up
"That time was good playcalling by Roman, but the penalty killed that drive, and the sack sealed the deal..."
"Idk if last year we were too used to flacco and got excited every time we came out big, but 100% shit has slowed down this year and we have a reason to be pissed"
"Our pass play design on 3rd down was garbage. 2 deep outs stacking each other by 5 yards creating a traffic jam.

Lamar should've thrown it away but sheesh..."
"WTF, that was so lucky..."
That was a sweet play tbh
There we go..we get the ball back
This is why the offense needs to score points ffs
I didn’t think the offense could fumble forward... guess you can
Offense please put life back into my soul
Please offense. Offend.
Good return Duv
"Every game our O scores 1 td, our D gets us 1, and then we do nothing for the rest of the game it seems"
duvernay is such a good returner
Greg Roman amazing screens with no blocks
"Lol, should we go for 2...?"
I’m not sure why we keep running to fletcher cox’s side. That’s definitely the weak part of our line
"Our running game has no lanes today, kudos to the Eagles."
Hes fast
Say it with your CHEST!!
HE TURNED ON THE JETS FOR THAT ONE!!!!
And there ya go
That's what I'm talkin about
That's the Lamar we know
"Lamar

Jackson

Hype"
There we go!
Love you lamar ❤️
THAT’S WHAT I’M TALKING ABOUT!!!!!
#ka-chow!!
We need this to be lamars turning point
We need more QB Power. Inside runs are better for us offensively.
CALAIS FUCKING CAMPBELL IS A BEAST
Stop it! You're killing him! (Eagles O-line blows)
Lmao! Campbell threw that oline man like a little boy. Unbelievable
Campbell is so large
He made that boy look like a pillow
This game is gonna send Campbell to the pro bowl
Calais damn near clubbed that man to death
A 5th round pick guys
Another FF!!
Campbell for President
Humph with a punch out. So good.
this defense is great to watch
Marvin bringing the PAWNCH
Saitama-rlon Humphrey
The Humphrey hit
Another punch by Humphrey.
MARLON PUNCH SIGHTING
"F R U I T  

P U N C H"
MARLO DPOY!!!
Fruit Punch
Is that the 3rd game in a row Marlo’s had a forced fumble?
"Players I’d least want to get punched by: 

Marlon Humphrey
Calais Campbell"
I enjoy our improved return game; compared to last year.
Peanut Punch... I like that lol
"Marlon ""(Fruit-)Punch-Free"" Humphrey!"
That’s defensive player of the year right there!!
Humphrey is the best CB in the NFL.
Lamar go stunt on those hoes
There is a 50% chance the falcons still lose this week lol
"I've been pretty impressed with Elliot so far this season. Hes stepped up nicely replacing ET3, having missed the past 2 seasons with injuries. Hed got a forced fumble and pass batted down and has had a few sacks I think this season."
Baker got benched?
Boykins running the wrong route LOL
Boykin and Lamar hate each other.
cmon boykin
Why can you not add that to the end of the kick? Seems dumb
"Like it's not even up for debate who was right, Lamar or Boykin. Boykin was fucking blocking the corner into infinity never even looking for the ball??"
We've been whiffing big body receivers since we let Q go
Running the ball on second and 10 is so infuriating
Yikes. He was wide open ><
We got BURNED there
"All the flags they’re throwing, and none for holding"
Sure bitch about the PI there when your O-Line was holding Carson.
No we did not lol there was no contact.
Great play by Jimmy
He had a hand on a hip with no pull. That would have been ticky tack. Then they hit feet and both fell.
Humph is elite.
How many dropped INTs we have this year
Lucky we didn't get a roughing the passer.
Not that I want a RTP but that was worse than Calais' earlier lol
Wentz got cranked
omg another fucking flag
We're lucky we didn't get two of those in a row.
Jesus fucking christ
Dumb ass
With this trash ass like Judon still can’t make a play lol
Lmaooo Bengals blew a big lead
"Thought that was Judon, am shocked tbh"
Bullshit
Fucking idiot wasnt even close
Thanks Ward for being a dumbass.
"If he just makes an effort to let up a little on the tackle they don't call that, dumb mistake"
This game is giving me a headache
Mekari in interesting
Was our offensive line coach replaced by a succubus
"The fucking formation was all fucked just now, it would have been another penalty"
Nick 'Mark Andrews' Boyle
Great throw
Was there ever a doubt?????
#MR AUTOMATIC
Would have been good from 70
WOW
A punchers chance? Maybe if that puncher is Mike Tyson
"Roman's taking a good nap, along with the o-line and officiating squad..."
How bad is Fluker if he’s not getting any playing time? I thought we brought him in specifically for RG.
[deleted]
All but one other 1pm game are already over. We still have 10 minutes left in this thing...
D just came up HUGE there.
"Man, I love our defense so god damn much"
Really like seeing Jimmy out there. He's still a damn good DB even if he's not the shutdown corner he used to be
"Fuck yeah Jimmy, our CB depth is unfair"
Jimmy is as sticky as ever
Jimmy could still be the best in our DB room 🤷‍♂️
Need one of those good ole 2019 8 minute TD drives here
let's get a fucking TD here and bury this
"Lotta flags, more than I care to see. That being said, close this one out so that we can heal/rest for the upcoming bye week"
That’s like what the 3rd illegal formation? We have to tighten up this stuff
Lamar just pump faked so hard he almost threw himself forward lmao
I'm was excited that Jimmy resigned. Happy it's still working out
These fucking refs
This is so bad on the offensive line
We need the 2019 Raven's offense to magically appear and eat the clock for 8 minutes lol
"lol these penalties, make the line run sprints all through the bye week"
How are we the only team in the league that gets offensive line penalties right now?
Who the fuck wants to watch this
"Our team is definitely undisciplined but they have ignored some blatant holds by the Eagles O-line, fucking hell"
How long do they want this game to go lol...
They absolutely cannot call that hold with all that they’ve let go this year. Fucking ridiculous.
The refs have something big up their asses. I'm pretty sure it's a wad of $100s
ThE ofFeNsE lOoKs FiNE.
This game is literally unwatchable. What a laughable offense.
The ironic thing is the actual pass blocking has been much better so my guess is that they have put some of these changes in to get an edge and they're just walking a bit too close to the line on them.
Well I low-key love Hollywood. Gets it done.
Bro our offensive line is actually so shit now
Some of you all keep saying offense but it’s the damn o line.
That was the 4th drive that was killed by penalties ...
"10 penalties for 73 yards.

God damn"
Tucker with 3 for the Field Tuck right there
Patriots lost to the Broncos lmao
"The only blatantly wrong call has been the roughing the passer at the end of the first half, you can't really argue formation penalties or offsides/false starts. It would be nice if they called some holds on the Eagles o-line, but this is the most undisciplined Ravens team in the past few years by far."
Hump with a sack!
Second straight week our pass rush been eating
Fucking tackle that asshole.
How did we just allow that???
Humphrey is a fucking boss
This game is so weird
How the fuck do you allow Wentz to run for 40 yards LMAO
We just let Carson Wentz run 40 yards...
Hump with the sack!
A flag thats not on us!! Celebrate
I really think it's because hes a QB didn't want foul
Carson “Lamar Jackson” Wentz
That looked like everyone thought the other person was going get him down.
Queen buddy what was that
Let's go Texans
As long as the Titans show up next week
"This is why I get annoyed not going for a score with a minute left in the half. The eagles aren’t rolling over, put them away"
JOKER SZN
Wentz got BLOWN up on that pick by Bowser
Why tf is this game so longggg LOL
He didn’t even catch it lol
Of course he dropped it
At this rate the Texans Titans game is going to go all 10 minutes of OT before this game is over lmao
We can never get the easy pick
Glad our defence is keeping these 2nd halves entertaining every week
Fuck it just do it again
Fuck
2 dropped picks this game
So many dropped int's
At least Bowser made a good play on the pressure
Humphrey like wolverine looking for that fumble
The only other 1pm game going is in OT and we have more than 4 minutes left. The ot game will probably end before ours at this rate
Lol nice push off
"Peters looks... Off, today."
What the fuck is going on
Bruh if they get this it's a one score game
Please just run the ball and end this game without ever giving philly another touch
Give me a fucking break dude
Eagles nobodies show up more than some of our starters.....
If we’re playing like this against the fucking EAGLES...oh man playoffs ain’t gonna be fun
#RUN THE FUCKING BALL AND EAT CLOCK ROMAN YOU FUCKING DIPSHIT
What the fuck are we doing dude we should have put this away last quarter
How is this game this close dammit wtf
Did the Ravens take a team nap during halftime? We’re looking dead out there!!
Marcus Peters looks banged up. Slow to get up every time. He's given up a lot of plays this second half.
The fucking ot game is over and we haven't hit the 2 minute warning. Why is this the longest game
"Lmao the Texans Titans game really finished earlier than this game, which is not even close to being done 🤦‍♂️"
"Still can’t blame the D. We’ve been dominant on defense, they’re just gassed because our offense isn’t taking up time like we did last year."
Can’t get 3 yards on play fake. This OL is garbage.
Offense needs to pick it up now
We better run here on 2nd (I’m delayed)
Shocking holding what a fucking surprise
Embarassing
How many damn holding penalties are we gonna commit??
Fucking offensive penalties. I can't even.
Lol another offensive penalty at the worst possible time!
"Now truly thankful for the Titans COVID mishaps....cuz if not, we would be playing the steelers right afterwards. Now we have an extra week to get this shit fixed."
Penalties fucked the Ravens in the ass with a 10 ft pole if they lose
Harbaugh isn't gonna go easy on em at our next practice
We have to trust Lamar to help us seal the deal
FUCK THESE PENALTIES
bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
This is disgusting.
This is infuriating they should be killing this team
Here we go. Another bad drive
Jfc no one was open
This was supposed to be a cake walk 🤦‍♂️
my god this team dude come on this shouldn’t be close
83 penalty yards this game
"Well thanks for the early bye week, we need it."
def no mvp repeat
This offense is reminding me of the 2015-2017 offense regarding horrific penalties
11 penalties for 84 yards
Fire Roman
This team wants to make me drink.
Are you fucking serious on this DPI
I absolutely hate the throw away.. lamar has to slide if he's giving up on the play. saved them a timeout
Ravens are just shitting bricks
There it is boys. We gonna lose
"Lamar needs to stop adding 10 yards to every play
If you move out of the pocket stop going 10 yards backwards before you throw the ball. It's so fucking irritating"
You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me
Holy fuck what an awful call
Fuck.
That’s some bullshit
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YALL DOING
Why were all the routes deep? Nothing underneath for 9 damn yards?
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
How is that DPI?
BULLSHIT
This is serious flacco era vibes
# 27 Seconds. Time of last possession.
FUCK YOU REFS. ARE YOU KIDDING ME
I’m so fucking tired of refs sucking ass
FUCK
We're fucked.
Fucking hate this
this game is rigged
What a shitty call
WHAT THE FUCK
"The team has played sloppy today, but that was not a penalty."
This is poetic
ARE YOU SERIOUS
L o fucking l at this game already
Pathetic defense
Ffs now we're going to loose this?
132 yards....
Deja fucking vu. Didnt this already happen the last time we played Philly? Theyre gonna score and miss the 2pt conversion.
"relax fuckers we need a game like this, so the team can learn."
Bowser got tackled by their lineman on that huge DPI but of course let's call it on the ravens
just gotta hope we can stop their incoming 2pt conversion tbh.
"O line is the problem, open your eyes"
"Carson ""Flacco"" Wentz"
P A T H E T I C
This feels like the old days of the Ravens defense giving up the lead.
Inventing the second half was a mistake
PLEASE STOP THE 2 POINT
I'm glad they just went ahead and scored. Put GRo and Lamar in a high-pressure position. They need to prove it.
THERE WE GO FUCK
If the refs weren’t homecooking this would be a 58-7 game.
Luckily the eagles are bigger clowns then us
I’m like *what happened to the original plot of the movie* 😔
Also can this announcer shut the fuck up this game isn’t over
Thanks to the Eagles for some DUMB playcalling on the conversion there
JUDON!!!!
There you go judon
Finally Taco Bell did something
FUCK YOU.
FALSE START FROM THE LEFT TACKLE AND WE STILL STOP THEM. FUCK YOU EAGLES
That was a False start as well but I'd take it.
They have some many uncalled false starts its ridiculous
Lol they're playing fly eagles fly after that yikes
That was a real good kick. Hell of a job by Proche
"fucking finally judon!! and wow this was too close, that was a fucking false start too"
Who’s 28? Poor dude got lit the fuck up
"As bad as the offense has looked, they could still get the ball back."
Carson Wentz looks like Prince Harry's long lost cousin
This game had major Bills vs Ravens vibes where for some reason it was a lot closer than it should've been with a bunch of flaggery.
Oof. Too close for comfort. We need a lot of work. But 5-1 with work to do is fine
Just be happy the eagles dropped a wide open td early in the game. This could have been a well deserved L and we know it
"I'm still ticked off at the offense, even if they win. The Defense gift wrapped them multiple opportunities to put this thing away. Roman's called better plays but honestly, he's still VERY inconsistent. Top that with the constant penalties by the O-line (although some were complete bs). Also, the refs are garbage."
Has anyone noticed that the eagles LT has been jumping the snap by a fraction all game.
Game
LMAO Lamar is hilarious
Yay!!! We won barley 😆
The ugliest of wins
Another ugly ass win
Had to be Lamar to ice it. One thing I will say is running him less seems to have made those deceptive keeper plays MUCH more effective.
Go and fucking score so we can pretend like this wasnt a close game
Fuck it we take these
"Ballgame.

Lucky to get out of here with a win, and that's what matters."
Wow we didn't blow a 16 pt lead with 6 mins left let's celebrate like crazy
Llama wanted to score lol
Ravens 30 Eagles + Refs 28
I mean if we're gonna play like this at least we get a win. Can't be too mad. Just a bit mad
Offense Identity needs to change now if we want to be competitive in the playoffs
"This game sucked, but we’re still a good team. Time to get to work and show out after the bye"
Was way closer than it was ever allowed to be
"We have a garbage game where we play down every year.  It sucks, but its in our DNA. Close them out ASAP and move onto the next game is the only thing we can do."
"Should we bench JK then, according to you people? Just checking."
"I swear this sub is toxic, were up 17-0. Yet everyone here is saying "" tHis gAmE is UglY"" like you guys must have never watched us win 13-7 4 years ago, or losing a 12-9 game against the browns two years ago, or 6-3 win over the chiefs during our superbowl year. Y'all bandwagons don't know shit."
That’s what happens when the offense does nothing. Defense starts fucking up
"Even if the Ravens win this game, they need to make a trade. This team is smoke and mirrors. The defense is great, but can't carry the offense when is keeps getting 3 and outs. Really need to simplify the offense because right now, the execution is just piss poor."
"Lol, Greg's back at it with the gimmicks. O-line's falling asleep too."
BeNcH iNgRaM
Like we’re gonna lose this game if Lamar doesn’t get his fucking shit together.
"Can the people who say the offense is trash stop prefacing it with ""i will say what no one has ever dared to say"" as if this sub hasn't been lobbying for Greg Roman to be fired and Lamar to retroactively give back his MVP since week 2."
5th rounder for Derrick Henry
This is why webbitch about the offense. Because this game should have been over essentially an hour ago. Anyone who says we complain fuck off.
How can you watch this team and be optimistic about January football.
I hope we all now understand our offense is terrible and being up 17-0 against the Eagles doesn’t mean we’re whining. Fuck this game
This is the first time I’ve seen Carson Wentz play since like 2017.. has dude been really this ass ? How can u go for an obvious MVP to a possible back up in the span of 2 years?
"Oh that pass was tipped, thank god, that would have been ugly if he just missed by that much lmao"
When do we start worrying about the offense lol
"That route was shit by Snead, why did he meander across the defenders face... stay flat and he woulda had an easy catch"
"Oh look, when we run the ball we score! Imagine that..."
It’s amazing how much this offense has regressed!
WHY ARE WE NOT TAKING DEEP SHOTS?!?!?!?
That’s a catch unfortunately.
Is John Fox consulting our offense?
Let's not go 3 and out after getting the ball at halftime ok
"Ugh, I kinda want the Browns to beat Pittsburgh to give them their first loss and tighten the race."
The Ravens won't be satisfied until every offensive player has a false start.
When the offense is struggling against the 1-3-1 eagles😐😐😐
Finally a good drive and touchdown
Not bad for a quarterback
29 consecutive games of 20+ points. I'm so tired of the whining.
"Blame is on Ward for that td, why tf would you do that"
looking like we shouldnt have got rid of hurst
10 penalties for us today. Most of them are pre-snap and mental errors. Absolutely awful.
These past 3 games have felt like the same  game over and over again ... we’re getting so spoiled we find blowouts boring
These Lamar stats aren't even too bad but to the eye everything looks plain bad
I swear the refs has it out for us
"idc what anyone says, our offense has looked decent and the only reason this game is close is cause of penalties. if we clean those up we'll beat pittsburgh"
Are we allowed to start worrying now or?
Judon may be the most useless defender in the NFL
"12 penalties and 132 penalty yards. 

FUCK. THESE. REFS"
"For the first time in his career, Judon made a play that was not a penalty."
We are **so fucking lucky** they missed that field goal in the 2nd quarter...
"Proche was a really good pick, haven't seen a 6th rounder contribute this much for a long time"
"*Ravens: 4-1 and up 17-0 at half*

Ravens sub: WTF ROMAN OMG LAMAR IS DEAD FIRE EVERYONE WE ARE REBUILDING THIS YEAR WHOS THE NEXT QB IN THE DRAFT"
And some of u clowns were really questioning our QB
You can tell someone is a newfan when they give up faith after a couple bad drives
Bro in order to pick up a 3rd and 30 you gotta throw it 30 yards downfield not 5
"we get the ball back , but  it would be nice to score again but they wont lol"
We're honestly lucky it's not 17-14 lol
"Some of y’all: Ravens are done, team sucks move them to Indy and give the Steelers the division."
#Cut Boykin!!!
The offense needs to fucking exist on the next drive or the game could become uncomfortable.
Y’all doubting we could do it can fuck off lol. You’ve gotta have faith no matter what
"I swear our fans are so spoiled, yeah it’s been a rough game for sure but how the hell do I see so many people in this subreddit give up on Lamar. If you can’t handle this please leave, your bandwagon fandom is not welcomed."
"So, sure the eagles came back and made them sweat. But they had literally ten plays that were just straight toss ups, untimely penalties that kept them in the game and every single bounce go their way (fumble for an td).

It wasn’t pretty but it wasn’t as bad as you think it is right now."
I'm not tipping shit to Philly. Only got close because of shitty officiating.
We need to make a move for a offensive player. No juice from our wr core
Poor Campbell. He signed here because he thought it was the best chance at a Super Bowl. Oh well.
"1 rushing play doesn’t go as intended.

Greg Roman: I smell 60 pass attempts"
"So far the Eagles D looks good against the run, but our D looks amazing. 3rd 3 and Out. Eagirls haven't even gotten a first down"
The offense fucking sucks
Our boys got the dropsies again
"I don't want to hear any shit for calling for Roman's head. Sure we're good...and if we win we'll be 5-1, but this offense has serious struggles. We get into 3rd and Longs and have a terrible passing game(Lamar hasn't been as good this year) and a lot of it comes from Culley and Roman."
Offense looks shitty yet we are winning 17-0
Lamar is playing like shit lately
"Baker mayfield:

4-10, 43 YDS, 2 INT 2 Sacks 

https://ifunny.co/picture/the-baker-mayfield-cycle-play-like-inferior-opponent-mentality-dwqUZJt57"
Lamar needs to stop throwing side and changing his arm angle every throw when the pocket is clean it either gets tipped or it's inaccurate. I understand when hes on the run and try and fit it in tight windows but no need for it in the pocket.
"*3rd and 30*

*screen for 6 yards*"
"Yeesh, our offense isn’t even close to the boogeyman that we were last year.

Guess we’re back to a defensive primary identity again."
I do not like this play calling
[deleted]
This offence can’t be happy with how they are performing.
WORST FUCKING 57 SECONDS IVE EVER SEEN WTF ARE WE DOING
We shut these punks out like we should have done Cincinnati
Once again I think we need to pass our way out of this funk. Lamar is a semi-cold 3 pt shooter right now.
I'm on your head today Roman. What's up with the soft playcalling?
The one thing you don’t do is take a sack there.... Lamar plays hero ball way too often...
I bet we don’t score any this half
"Vintage Jackson didn't spend that long trying to buy time.

OG Jackson use to just takeoff and gone."
How do you like that Lamar haters?
"""Fuckers in r/nfl telling me, always in the barber shop
""Lamar Jackson ain't 'bout this, Lamar Jackson ain't 'bout that""
My boy a BD on fucking Lamron and them
He, he, they say that nigga don't be putting in no work
Shut the fuck up
Y'all niggas ain't know shit
All y'all motherfuckers talkin' about
""Lamar Jackson ain't no hitter
Lamar Jackson ain't this
Lamar Jackson a fake""
Shut the fuck up
Y'all don't live with that nigga
Y'all know that nigga got caught with a ratchet
Shootin' at the police and shit
Nigga been on probation since fuckin' I don't know when
Motherfucker, stop fuckin' playin' him like that
Them niggas savages out there
If I catch another motherfucker talking sweet about Lamar Jackson
I'm fucking beatin' they ass
I'm not fucking playin' no more
Y'all know them niggas roll with Lil Reese and them""
- Love Llama"
browns getting exposed
"Hump gave up the play to hightower but the playcall put him on an island...

I don't like when humphrey is on an island while playing in the slot. He's much better as a boundary corner in that respect."
"RUN THE BALL. USE GUS OR JK. PASS TO DUVERNAY. BE SMART. PLAY SMART.

PLEASE"
Tuck God.
Lamar has actually played pretty well today. I give him a B-
We 100% deserve to lose if they comeback
"This is what happens when you rely too heavy in your Defence. 

Lamar and co have got to do something now"
"These refs cant keep only calling holds on one fucking team, fuck these pieces of shit"
"Oh great, another penalty. Harbaugh can yell at the ref all he wants, he needs to be yelling at Marty and his offense.

Edit: Ok, Roman not Marty. Basically the same thing this season."
My NaMe iS gReG rOmAn AnD i GeT fIrEd FoR oBvIoUs ReAsOnS
"God damn it, please don’t blow this.."
We are really about to give up a TD huh?
"Crazy that we didn’t have a single penalty until the score was 17-0 and we were driving again mid second then we accumulated 13 consecutive penalties since then while the eagles have gotten 1. We must really be undisciplined, huh?"
Judon only does stuff when he’s unblocked idc
Welcome back to the flacco era I guess
"So if we can hang on to win this it's probably the best of both worlds. Keep pace in the division, but have all that work to do going into the bye before Pitt."
Fuck the refs
"Lol they scored once, why are you all acting like whiney babies?"
"So are you “anyone who criticizes the offense is bandwagon” guys ready to acknowledge that our offense does, in fact, have some pretty serious issues?"
This team is just shitting the bed completely on offense again. We're lucky Philly is awful.
wE aRe So UnGrAtEfUl FaNs BeCaUsE wE aRe 4-1 AnD cOmPlAiNiNg AbOuT oUr OfFeNsE
[deleted]
Fuck this giving up play calling.
With this offense Pittsburgh is going to destroy us
Why is our offense so stagnant? I just don't get it. RUN THE BALL
This eagles offense is worst than Flaccos absolute worst 💀💀💀😂 kinda feel bad for them
Didn’t Lamar loose a close friend recently? Some of y’all need to chill.
"Roman, wtf was that? 1st and 35, all 3 play calls were short yardage plays..."
Stop with the downvotes. It was a damn catch. Credit where credit is due.
Were making fun of Bakers numbers but besides the INTs almost identical to Lamars
I love how a bad day for jackson is considered a great game for every other qb in the league
"Another missed sack, another wide open recevier."
Peters keeps fucking giving up finish the damn play dude
Lol we are fucking frauds
Lamar is a BAD passer this year
I’m really hoping I can find a single ticket to the Steelers game in 2 weeks. The ones for Browns Steelers are going for 390 on ticketmaster 😭 I’d imagine our prices would be about the same.
Let's go bois
Any Ravens fans in Philly rn?
So is Marlon covering #13 on eagles right?
We should run over these guys.  Pound the Rock!
How many punchouts will Marlo get?
What the fuck is this schedule commercial? LMFAO.
Front on these moes!!!
LFG FLOCKGANG
"Threw out my back so i'm watching from bed.

LESGO FLOCK!!!"
Let’s GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
#WE ON DEFENSE FIRST BOIZ
Starting on D
Yo bat man is in the stadium
Lets go boys
American tv and their god damn adverts
Is it just my TV or do the Eagles uniforms look kinda blue?
Calais gonna getcha!
Great start
Burrow is watching this like “it haunts me” lol
Great start on d
"First 2 plays lost yards, let's go D!!"
our d-line seems to be improving
Defense is on FIRE
Wentz going to be sacked 10 times today    😂😂
Gonna be a long day for Wentz
Calais!
"Wow, good thing he dropped that..."
F in the chat for Wentz
Holy cow he dropped it.  How is he open?
He had us beat thanks for the drop
We got lucky af. Wtf happened there?
Cmon MP
"he had the pass, just dropped it, we got lucky"
Thank God the Eagles are big fucking suck otherwise that's a huge play. Peters what are you doing baby..?
Wow we were lucky. That was a great start and there was some form of awful busted coverage.
We got so fucking lucky lol
Lol 3rd and 22 almost turned into a disaster for us.
You guys are so quick to bench people lol
"Like that's an option play, but not one that fooled anyone. Last year I had no clue who has the ball half the time."
This is why we throw to Duv
DUUUUUUV
I love that we actually used a bunch formation to help get a player open.  This is what we need in the passing game.
DUUUUUUUUUUUUVVVVVVVVV
#DUUUUUUUUUV
"Rush rush pass. Rush rush pass. 

Hmm..."
free him please harbaugh
What a play!
Bruh
Damn son
That was just.. Mmhmm
I love it
That still wasn’t a clean drive. Keep stacking reps and getting better. End of the season these guys are going to look so good
FEELING GOOD TODAY!
"Okay, cover the receivers now."
They really don't trust Wentz to throw it
Be better offense line
Second time we got away with a dropped pass there
"Dang my NFL app stream is really far behind, which is unusual"
yikes...
oh he got oofed. hope he's ok
"We could use more pass rush off the edge, but the d line has been doing a great job at pushing in the interior. We’ve gotten pressure up the center and have been way better against the run. I really like what Calais Campbell is doing for this team"
First time I'm really seeing our defensive line looking dominant all season
i love these BB commercials lmao
Damn Ingram looks hurt
Wtf
He hurt his shoulder
"strategy for philly defensively: cry, and pray"
ingram no i hope you're ok
Scary
Yikes man
I’ve never bit my tongue so hard
JFC
Will we ever run a play from under center?!?!
What are these play calls??? Stop having Lamar throw slants when we need 10+ yards for the first allow him to throw it down the damn field
The offense is still dead
"Cowboys fan here, we're counting on you to keep the nfc east trash for us so I'm cheering for you"
"Heres the offensive game plan.  Run for 2 yards, Pass: incomplete, Pass: Incomplete, Punt.  Repeat until D gifts you a turnover."
I'm trying not to panic about this game but... I'm definitely worried about our o-line and offense this year
I've been frustrated by play-calling but today's game feels like Lamar is just really off. Even the completions have been super iffy.
"&#x200B;

FUMBLE!

Ravens recooer"
Wtf is this game lol
LOL
That’s a fumble
The hell was that pitch about
Elliot's foot is under Wentz's knee.
HOT POTATO
"Also, my toddler has learned how to turn off the cable box. Unrelated: I’m selling a cute toddler: anyone want one?"
That's close gotta stand though
Ball was moving before the knee was down.
That is a fumble! I haven't seen anyone this ball hungry since Ginger Lynn
Nice work by Elliot
"All the offensive problems are in execution. LJ needs to be slightly more accurate and receivers need to catch the damn ball.

Hot take, play calls have been ok"
Damn one if these times Lamar will keep god damnit
that's a fumble
Dope dope
Fumble 100%
Ball's coming out way before the knee is down
Refs are so flag happy they literally throw inadvertent flags at least once a game. Pathetic
These simple run plays are key. 3 yards right there
I miss the RPO.
"Our offense is not playing well. At the same time, what’s wrong with this team being the old defensive monster Ravens, but with a more exciting offense that can make plays."
I think it's one of those situations where there's not enough to change the on-field call regardless of which way they called it
Our backs are working so damn for 2-3 yard gains
Maybe the offense will have a chance at scoring this drive
We should go back to the basics I feel Roman trying to be cute with his play calling
"Great D.

I need some Gus in my life"
I want to see us get Hollywood involved around the redzone
"Run, run, run...."
Yessssssss
Gus is the man!
Nice run by gus
Putting it on them mushroom stamp style.
Awe yeah
ALL ABOARD!
Love this team
"Fly Ravens fly, on the road to victory!

R A V E N S RAVENS!"
Glad we finally did something after those last two terrible possessions.
We’re so lucky the eagles are trash but great teams are suppose to trash bad teams so we’re doing our job!
I would love to start using the pistol less and get to more traditional shotgun in neutral situations more
"That’s how you block, offensive line! Keep it up!"
One thing bad about all this success is all the bandwagons. I don’t want the Ravens to be the Warriors of the NFL
"Browns disappointing, per usual"
"Do you guys think this cardboard guy was paid as an actor or as a model???

Edit: Oh, nevermind"
Sacked !
Damn 12 total yards
His own player almost sacked him LMAO
It's fun seeing the Ravens D dominate again.
His oline should get the 0.5 sack lol
Love hearing those boos
Defense mad they didn't get the shutout last week
100% hurts will play the 2nd half
LET'S GO DEFENSE!!!!
Wentz almost got sacked by his own team.
"I feel the pain of Eagles fans, man"
What are the odds that we can get Wentz benched before of our D?
Were those the first boos from eagles fans?
These Eagles are very likely to go to the playoffs
A Snead sighting!
That was close Willie
Snead gave me a heart attack just now. Good catch!
Well that's it for Snead
Have the eagles even gotten a first down yet?
Another TD and this game is probably over frfr
"I knew they were fucked from the first play of the game. If you let us rush 4 and get pressure, you're toast lol"
MY HEART
The Eagles have 3 yards of total offense so far. This defense is ridiculous
Good to see Snead involved. Fumble is a rare thing tbf.
Our d is really good! Makes me so happy to see a smothering ravens defense!
Someone make a ‘Lamars off’ bot
Dodged a bullet there
First appearance by willie snead this season lol and he fumbled
More plays like that tho
Jesus christ it's a good thing we are playing the Eagles. Mistakes like this against the Steelers and we are in trouble.
Snead! Snead?.. Snead.
"me: YES a nice catch and run, no dropped pass

snead: lets drop it during the run"
"omg, lamar took the intermediate crosser!"
Snead has to be more careful there.  He has to know he's gonna get caught from behind.
Nice draw play
And that's a quick way to ride some pine. Finish the play and hold the fucking ball
God we’re getting lucky today
One of my neighbors is a big Philly fan.  If we win I light spend some extra time outside wearing my jersey.
Every time Ingram gets in the open he looks as though he’s about to trip
We dominated cindy and they are up 21 to 0
God damn sneed thank god you were close to the sideline
Give it to Gus holy crap
"That defensive line getting penetration on second down was concerning. That being said, the refs missed the facemask on Gus"
GOAT!
Come on Dobbie
Lol. At least our defense has been exciting
"I'd go for it, give the offense more reps"
22 straight quarters scoring now. [Also thanks for giving them love CBS](https://youtu.be/IYwXUxgszF0)
It’s just fucking automatic with him
Dobbie has Drop..
People suggesting that catch was hard for dobbins need to be put down jfc
lmao pete carrol talking about a game plan not making it
Koch corralling the high snap like a boss
Love tucker
My iPhone can shoot an EMP now? Is that a violation of the Geneva Convention?
Biggest indicator of how good our locker room is is Peters coming in making a tackle attempt.  Used to see him begging off tackles.
I missed Gus the Bus TD FUCK
Wowowowow
"Taking bets for Marlon's first FF today, my money is on before halftime"
Damn the D is playing so well today
"Quite a lot of illegal formations already today, line judge is not playing with either team"
Look at his emotion! Hes fired up!!!!
CALAIS!
Side note: it's been real nice to see how chill this game thread has been so far!
Thats a good punt from Philly
Why would you make a mustang an suv?
thank you EDC for this blessing
This is old school ravens football and I fucking love in.
If the D has suddenly woken up and plays like this every week we may not even need 2019 LJ
"Lamar needs to throw better, what is wrong"
Wtf was that pass?
Lamar needs like an intensive throwing camp over the bye week
JK!!
"Here we go, finally a play where you have no clue has the ball for a sec"
"Nice draw play, fool their line."
the lamar guaranteed 10 yard scramble
Draws are working today
Turns out I hate Leblanc
Some one mute the trumpet!
JK DOBBINS HELL YEAH
dobbins!!! that's what we want to see
Currently a >97% chance of victory according to ESPN
"JK is a keeper, I like seeing him increasingly more. He'll be RB1 next year."
I love these draw plays. Huge gains on 1st downs with them.
Dobbins is good when he gets multiple touches
Fuck
This O line is 💩
Lamar out here making my heart explode protect yoself man
Did we bench Powers for Tyre Phillips?
Nothing hits quite like that first ice cold miller lite on gameday
Okay I get the false starts and shit but that's two calls for Oline not on the line.
Yay another flag
.... Another flag.
It really irks me that we seem to always break out of the huddle with fuck all time left on the play clock
"What the fuck man, effectively killed this drive"
Goddamn ANOTHER flag?
Harbs needs to get up in this line's asshole
"Refs calling everything, WTF!!! >:( >:( >:("
ANOTHER PENALTY WHAT THE FUCK
Lol let’s just keep moving it on back
What the hell
Going backwards
MAKE THAT SIX FLAGS FROM THE OLINE HOLY SHIT
How many flags can we get on one series?
Ravens what in the FUCK are you doing right now?
Just punt.
Browns benefited from beating up on shit teams. This division is going to be a dogfight between us and Pittsburgh. Cleveland still can't compete.
Come the fuck on with the flags bro
Bruh the o-line is going full retard right now
Fucking Offensive line is bullshit
let's get a false start here and make it 1st & 30
We are the only team in the NFL getting called for these lmao
Lamar obviously doesn't like this o line
I'm fucking done with Roman. Can't wait until a terrible organization offers this clown a HC job.
1st & 35.  Lol.
1st and 35..?
"Oh so we don't call facemasks on our running back but now we call everything. 

I feel like this is an anti-battery drive"
refs are fucking killing us wtf
Lamar deep ball incoming
Harbs about to stroke out
The refs just feel bad I guess.
Marquise Brown and Mark Andrews are nonexistent
WTF IS THIS LACK OF DISCIPLINE?
These refs are spazzing out with these flags
Time for JK Dobbins to show that he’s really Ray Rice Jr.
"Fuck it, 3 deep shots"
???????????
I almost forgot that you could get holding calls in the NFL.
1&35 :O
1st and 35 lmao
Another tipped pass
Love it when opposing teams are getting smashed and they celebrate the littlest things haha
This possession looked like pure shit
Offensive focus is just not there. You can see it drive by drive. When it’s all locked in it looks great for a drive
"That was pretty pathetic, but it wasn't Lamar's fault. Now him only throwing these sidearm passes is kind of worrying"
Damn this commercial is slapping right now. Good shit lol
Where is my mind is such a song.
"I don't think Lamar is letting the play develop enough, I don't think Roman is just calling slants. Lamar is passing to the checkdowns."
"You would think that an offense that has to practice against our defense would be better. But then again, I remember the days when they also had to practice against Goose, AD, and Ray."
"just tuned in, offense still looking off?"
Lol the ravens are team Jalen I guess
Very few teams if any would throw long passes on 3rd and 30 guys. Its not smart.
Anyone remember that lady that used to bring a duck call to games. Sat in the 500’s and wouldn’t stop blowing that fucker. I’m getting flashbacks.
Good for jalen
hey that's our move
Ian Eagle was so impressed by that 3 yard gain
Is hurts the new Kaep?
They've run a new play every play this drive lmao they really want it
"Falcons vs Vikings and Washington vs Giants lol, absolutely pathetic"
This game should be called the Wooder bowl
Philly is out here pulling the Madden plays what the fuck is going on. Also is this the beginning of Wentz’s benching?
Did Ward even touch the ground
No catch
Incomplete
Are they blind? It looked like the second foot bounced in bounds
You gotta be fucking kidding me
Lame. Ah well.
catch
Ridiculously unlucky that his knee fell on Marlon’s foot
2nd lucky drop for us
Lmfao!! Best pass of the day. Beautiful rainbow for nothing
"kinda crazy that if marlons' foot isnt there, it might not be a catch"
[deleted]
"I love the sun 

No eagles shall see the ball!"
lollll. YIKES
Eagles settle for a Field Goal
Eagles gonna eagle lol
SHORT!
S h o r t
Didn’t get it!
That's the Eagles season summed up in a nutshell right there with Sanders dropping the wide open TD pass and then Wentz not getting the fourth down conversion.
No way he got that
100% short
If we can get points this last minute we sitting real pretty
You get nothing!
#Shutout in tact
Feel like an option play with Hurts there would've converted that.
They should've kept that other guy in. lol
Lmao Eagles
gotta feel bad for wentz
Lol how is it under review lol
gottem
Now its under review? What were we just doing? Lol
Woooooo
We already did 99yds drive with under one minute left. Let's repeat that!
"If we score again before half time, just bring out RG3 when we come back."
A quick drive down for 3 wouldn't be bad. 6 even better.
So why did we not try to go get a FG? That’s the first time in a long time that didn’t happen
Why not try and make something happen in the last 50something seconds??
I don't get it.  We almost had a full minute.  Should be trying to drive down the field and take it to zero.
Wtf. Why did we kill the clock but call a timeout earlier?
Force a turnover on first down and get some points before the half.
they're gonna call tucker and try for an FG
McPhee noooooo
PHEEEEEEE YOU GOT TO GRAB THAT!!!
ALMOST CALLED THAT COME ON MCPHEE
Roman saw the sub and said you fuckers wanted to see more runs lol
They're about to come back out with Hurts. Wentz looks.... Hurt.
Holy shit so close
How did he not catch that😆
Juuust over his head!
lmao McPhee. come on dude
mcphee lol
Greg Roman need to cut that ugly mullet off.
"guys, im pretty sure it's the head coach john's call to be conservative at that point of the game.. it'a not greg roman. he is given the plan and draws up the plays according to it."
[deleted]
Throw that Hail Mary and there’s a decent chance of a pick six
"""You don't take your time outs to get the ball back late to just hand the ball off""

Disagree."
"Well, that’s annoying"
"Damn, that sounds like something Judon would do"
Ahhh Calais taking a page out of the Judon playbook
BALL DONT LIE
Block and return it let's gooooo
"omg that pick was taken away for a rouging the passer, what a catch Clark lol"
That's what they get
#THAT AIN'T ~~FALCO~~ TUCKER
Nope.  Boo birds out in Philly
Fucking bullshit roughing call.
Bumass Eagles did all that for nothing
Glad he missed. Shouldn’t have had the opportunity to kick it anyways
"ha-ha 

&#x200B;

No gimmies"
LOL
ball don't lie
"Eagles have some problems, they are not gonna win very many games this year if this is how they are gonna play. The NFC East as a whole is so fucking bad this year. 6 wins could be enough to take the division."
Damn I hope we bring it to Pitt. Fuck that team
"holy crap I forgot we started on defense, W"
"Lamar will get right, but we need to see it now."
"All of our games in the beginning of last season looked like this. Remember the Cardinals?

Also remember no preseason is hurting our VERY young offense. Lamar also didn’t get to work with his throwing coach during the off season like he did last year."
“See More Hurts” sounds like the announcers are wishing for injuries.
Embarrassing
"Its like, have we played offense before??"
This sidearm bullshit has GOT to go
"We need a guard, my god."
Bengals blew a big lead.
"THAT""S MY MF QB"
I'm honestly not too confident in a 17 point lead. We saw their offense can do stuff when hurts came in. And we have yet to really score just from our offense. All 17 points have been from defensive play.
Seriously though what is up with the O-Line and penalties today
What the fuck! These penalties
False start michael oher
"Fuck if Duvernay turns that into a fly route he is wide open and gone

Edit oops may have been Proche actually"
"Wtf, did these guys drink 20 cups of coffee before the game? xD"
That’s the Lamar I know and love!!!
Finally Andrews gets a catch
Andrews site
Draft oline
"Way too many penalties by the offensive line today. I guess I’m their defense, this is one of the best defensive fronts in the nfl"
Wow our OL is sucking collective ass right now
These penalties are disgusting
I mean do we want to play or just keep getting flags
DUUUUUUUUU!
Odds on Skura getting a flag at some point
Duvernay should be WR 1 lol
average of 10 yards to go on 3rd down jfc
Hollywood!!!
Love that play. Chiefs do it all the time and we should be doing it more too
Roman is Cam Cameron in the pass game sometimes. A big reliance on iso routes for the WRs
He would've scored if he didn't fall 😡
Tripped over air again.
It's spreading to the TE now
"Definitely having a sloppy game tbh. It's okay it happens, but sloppy still."
No one open...
Ugly punt by Sam.  Is it windy?
Fuck these flags
Throw it away instead of costing us points!
"They need a bye, this is shitshow level offense"
"I just don't get why we are so bad on offense, penalty after penalty same boring play calling. SOmething needs to change fast."
"Jesus. We cannot take advantage of 1on1 on the outside. Between the numbers and the sideline.

Eagles are a pro team and wins in the NFL are hard as hell. You rarely see a spread higher than 13.5 points. Just wanting our O to take that next step. If we can hit them at 50%, my gosh."
What the fuck...
Defense can only carry the game for so long.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Everytime I notice Judon I am miffed
Well shit.
YOOOO WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT
fucking judon....
Well FUCK
Fucking Hurts bro!
smhhhhhhhhhhh
Offense needs to wake the hell up now
Mark Ingram out for the rest of the game
Going for two was....an interesting choice?
Hurts holds on to that option for wayyy too long.
We’re so unlucky lol
Ingram is our for the game
I’m glad we’re not just gonna get by on the other team being awful. This team needs to be punched in the mouth. Hopefully they realize whatever has been going on with this team isn’t good enough.
Pederson's a fuckin moron going for two lol
The Baltimore Duvernay's
Durvernay needs more touches. Dudes a jet.
I feel like Duvernay is becoming a Tyreek type better than Hollywood has
Much better Roman
good pass
Run game is not where it was last year either. Not just the pass game.
Aye see what happens when you drop back and step into a non-side arm throw my man Lamar
Now go for 2 here.
Wow they really just left the second level of the defense completely open.
lol easy mode. This team is fucking silly.
That was a great drive
Let’s go!!
"nice run from lamar, we should do that more often"
YOU LOVE TO SEE IT
Lamar Action MVP Jackson 😎
LAMARRRRRRRR!!
Awesome drive there. Great response to the TD
"That is the same running play Lamar scored his 52 yard TD run against WFT on. 

Scary to see our franchise QB running between the tackles, but that play is pretty filthy."
[deleted]
Confirmed today that Davis is the best announcer outside of the boi Romo
We beating that Steelers record?
Our offense is fucking nasty when we are calling plays to score points.  It just seems like when we are up big our offense switches to protect Lamar mode and our offense doesn't work when Lamar isn't taking zone reads.
What was that Oline man doing lmao
I fucking love every player on our defense.
Man that dudes fucking huge
That move makes me think that Campbell probably doesn’t fight a slice on the golf course
Marlo again lmao
HUMP PUNCH
It bothers me that the eagles are in the running for their division with such a garbage oline
Campbell is just so large
"""No Mas"" ~ Wentz"
That punch lmaoo
Marlon punch!
18-3 is a weird score......
Theres our marlo ff 💪
"marlon with ANOTHER punch out, my god what a stud"
The Eagles are really dropping the ball
Fruit Punch strikes again
Defense nasty. Swag
"Bengals were up 21-0, It's 27-21 Bengals now, Colts came back."
"You're better off not having the ball anywhere around Marlon. Legit, don't throw towards him, don't be running near him, stay the fuck away from him."
What the fuck is Marlon's training regimen? Dude is Rocky Balboa
What was the plan there Roman?
"The eagles need hurts in the game. w/o him in as a runner/decoy, their offense has been dreadful."
Marlon been doing that one punch man workout
Ah shit. Phillips ran off the field. Hope he okay.
"Whoever that guys who asked me why I thought our O-line would seriously regress, and disagreed with me. Fuck you."
Seems like boikins always makes a bad play every game now
Wait why is it declined?
they ran into Koch
Why did we decline that?
"IDK what it is, but Boykin doesn't seem to know the right playcall because I've seen him multiple times not run the right route that Lamar throws"
Why did we decline that? Is it a re-kick?
Running into the kicker is only 5 yards.....roughing the kicker is 15 yards and a first down
Humph lucky there was no flag there.
Jimmy still got it!
Nice play Jimmay
Nice play by jimmy
"Holy shit, based Jimmy Smith."
Jimmy Smith looks like he's in SB47 form.
Dude we need to catch one of these easy fucking picks.
The streams are sucking ass rn
Why was peters playing so far off of someone he’s faster than?
Surprised no flag tbh
I think that was roughing
"wentz saw the rush and was like ""f this, I'm out"""
"Campbell needs to do a ""Goose Flop"""
Oh fuck off
Stupid play!
I swear our guys that struggle to get to the QB always go for the late hit just to say they did something.
Omfg
They’ve been hitting him late almost every play. C’mon guys the man isn’t even playing well let him be.
I hate it
Almost a late hit by judon there again
Jihad ward trying to let the eagles cover
Damn who pissed him off lol
"This defense and RTP penalties in dumb moments against bad teams.

Name a more iconic duo."
Just a little bit open lol
JIHAD nooooo!
Titans this L today.
Even though we dont look amazing offensively I still love out tem hope we can improve
Same situation as the Houston game. We good
He did hurt himself god damn it
We need this bye week so badly man.
Mekari in instead of Tyre
Titans might lose 👀
Nick Boyle has sure hands man
#FEEDTHEBOYLE
Nice pass LaMar
Great catch by Boyle
Jackson can throw darts but really hasn’t shown many good touch/loft throws at all. Need to open lanes again with the run game for that to be successful like last season.
Nick boyle is the star of the offense today. Thats sad
Tuck!
Ravens offense going for the minimally viable product.
Alright D needs to focus up
Just business as usual for Tucker!
"That accuracy, my goodness!"
Can't cuck the tuck !
Just no flags please
"With our defense playing better, I think this team will be making trade for some offensive help before the deadline"
Not sure this was a hot decision tbh. It's still a game.
Jimmy Smith never stops being good
Pour one out for Wentz
Jimmy is balling the fuck out today
Lmao Bengals are losing?!?
Always loved Jimmy
"Stop playing with Jimmy today, man"
jimmy again!
"Lmao, did Peter's just fall down on his own?"
Jimmy Smith has had a hell of a game!
Deshaun Watson is incredible
The O-line is going to be gassed with all the extra reps they will be getting
Lol another illegal formation. Absolutely brutal
WHAT THE FUCK
WHAT THE FUCK HOW IS THIS HAPPENING
#LEARN TO LINE UP??
Jesus christ lol this has to be our worst game for penalties in a long time.
I can’t stand this interior offensive line
O-line is absolutely pathetic except Stanley
Literally beating ourselves
"Mekari should consider playing for the Chiefs, wouldn't be a hold there."
[deleted]
How many penalties is that? Has to be over a dozen on O right?
Jesus Christ
this oline can't even line up properly
But we cant get Holding or a facemask? lol
The announcer is right.  Sloppy af offense.
Whole team needs to run 10 laps around the stadium after the game
"We should have our guys, especially the Linemen, run gassers because of all the penalties."
"Dawg. These fucking offensive penalties are insane

Anyone yelling at Lamar should redirect it at the o-line"
This offense is sloppy as fuck. They need a huge wake up call.
The middle of this game was rough for a minute but still an improvement over last week in my eyes
This has to be a coaching issue...
our oline needs so much help
Gonna be a pretty aggressive film study this week from Harbs this week
"This may be the most offensive penalties I have seen one team have in a game, wtf is happening"
I rewound to look at both of those lined up in the backfield and I just don't see it.
"All right. I'm switching to Texans-Titans for a moment, lol."
Holy war ward
Wow Driscoll was like a third string tackle wasn’t he?
Eagles players just keep dropping today
"Eagles = Chargers, NFC east variant"
LMAO. Someone was unhappy about a push off.
I think coaching is trying to develop the O line and passing game with these bad teams but the penalties are unnecessary. Give Lamar the proper line and he’s gonna shine but he can’t shine if he keeps getting set back.
DPOY
Holy fuck what a sack was that
You're going to let Wentz do that?!
Nice run. He's a warrior
Damn they made Wentz look like Derrick Henry
What the fuck was that by Queen??
"Marlon yelling ""push off"" on that 3rd and 8 but will not be heard. Gets the sack the very next play"
carson 'lamar jackson's wentz
Gotta be kidding me lol
Fucking game is not over yet. Wtf
Tennessee are no joke.
Wait the other team is allowed to get called for holding too?
Were they trying to tackle him or give him a high five
That should never happen
TACKLE HIM
"Pathetic..our d sucks. No way we beat  x team. Insert coordinator needs to be fired 


/s"
New England is Below 500 for the first time in october in over a decade
A penalty on the... EAGLES??!
!!! A HOLDING AGAINST THE OTHER TEAM? THEY EXIST!
Titans/texans game is tied
shit jimmy just injured himself it looked like
Fucking Titans
COME ON HOUSTON
Jimmy hurt again
This shit is just dragging
Great coverage by Peters!
Anyone seen Judon this game?
I LOVE THE JOKER
#PICK
JOKER SZN
THA JOKER
"He didn’t catch it, hit the ground"
**GAME OVER**
It’s tha joka baby 😎
#JOKER
Fuck
Ahhh damn no pick
Joker for real
Ref sounded like he was cryin
JOKER!!!!!!!!
Longest 4 minutes of my life.
That was... Bad.
JFC
Marlo is so viscious when he's going for the ball
LMFAO
"Lol judon is pissed that the one good play he’s had all game, wentz got the ball out"
That was one angry tackle by Marlo LOL
the hell was that
How the actual fuck did that happen? Good lord.....
Wow I hate it
Fucking come on.
Anyone wanna tell me how that's okay?
"I would be annoyed at the defense, but I'm more annoyed at the offense for not putting this away..."
Judon literally hit him while he was trying to throw downfield and STILL couldn't finish the sack...
"COME ON MAN

WHY IS THIS A GAME"
PAIN
Marlo looks like a fucking piranha when he’s taking people down 😂
Fuck this
This is absurd. This game should’ve been over so many times
"This game sucks ass, refs have made this a game"
What a swing from a game ending pick
We really blowing this aren’t we
"I swear, if Greg Roman calls some BS here"
Peters gettin victimized. I think he is hurt.
Has Philly gotten a single flag on them?
Eagles are not pushovers with a rookie QB like the Bengals are and we're learning that rn.
Marcus Peters is literally limping why was he out there
Dudes are tired on defense. This whole fucking abortion is because we choose not to run the ball.
Gotta give it to whoever's calling the Eagles' plays. They're figuring out what works
what the fuck
Houston lost. Fuck
"Besides some trick plays are defense played Great, this game is on the offense (particularly the oline) since they kept putting the defense out there after so many 3 and outs"
Why is our hands team not there
Block someone pls
I didn't think I'd be nervous going into the final 4 minutes of this game
Are you fucking kidding me with these flags man
OH LOOK ANOTHER PENALTY
"And holding, of course."
This shit is inexcusable
HOW did Cincy lose?
LOLOLOLOLOL WUT ARE WE DOING
Eagles jersey grabbing every single fucking play when they're on offence and these morons close their eyes but when we have the ball they've got supersight
Sorry but Lamar and the line has fucked us in this one.
"You're welcome, Eagles fans."
I hate this
Screw the refs bruh. NFL's a complete joke...
Holding calls kill drives
"Fuck, guys. I’m a little nervous. Trust the D though."
I am actually angry right now
Does anyone think we will get a timely stop here?
I turned it off a few mins ago to watch TN/Hou WTF happened?!?!
We have no momentum rn
CAN WE PLEASE NOT BLOW THIS GAME. FOR FUCKS SAKE
Zeus has been getting pushed back all game so he can't actually roll out to the right
Now we gotta be worried when we are down 10 and up 17
I’ll give it to him there nobody was open at *all*
Lol Jesus christ
Really great defense - but we should have run it to get them to take their final TO or atleast a PA.
Dude stay in bounds to burn a time out. Wtf
Even if we win this is a pretty uninspiring performance.
Good thing we’re not playing a good team
3 forced fumbles and no recoveries how bad luck I'd that.
what the fuck
Are people intentionally ignoring the fact that our offense has looked terrible all season and was ranked 25th before this game? Schemes gotta change
WHAT?!?!?
We are so boned against the Squeelers
Peters is a fucking idiot. He's had multiple bad games in a row now and may have just lost this one on us.
bruh
That call is a joke.
gotta be shitting me
FUCK THIS
No fucking way man
"Terrible. should've just ran the ball. 

All routes ran to same depth. No checkdown option to keep clock ticking."
Refs are stinking garbage...
Thats bs penalty
"The worst they can do right now is tie, and they need a 2-point conversion to do it. We are capable of stopping them"
Sooooo it’s on the defense
I’m tired of refs fucking over my sports teams
wow
Fulgham initiated.
These refs are the worst
WHAT THE FUCK??????
If anything they're either going to tie it up too fast or not tie it up
I hate that the only other game on is WTF and Giants. I don't want to watch that crap either!!
Challenge the flag
Epic diarrhea
Can't wait for the next flag
Fucking bitches
Pathetic.
Yeah
HOLD EM GUYS LETS GO
Give them the td here so there’s time to get the game winning fg
Feels bad man
"Sorry ass penalties all day, offense taking a giant shit. No one but the ravens to blame"
Don’t let Judon on the bus home
So pathetic I don't know whether to cry or laugh
Humiliating.
I think our offensive play calling got too cute.
BITCH
Judon heard us
Oh look Judon finally showed up
JUDON CHALUPA!
62 with clearest hold ever. No flag
Im shocked the refs didnt call a penalty
Putrid performance all around.
Who else?  Judon.  LOL
Fucking finally
"Bent, but didn’t fucking break."
nice hold there on 62
Finally a stop when we need it!!
Let's GOOOOOOO!!! OFFENSE!!! PUT THIS AWAY!!!! >:(
"Aight here we go:

1. Recover the onside kick

2. Get one first down"
Judon=hero
SIT DOWN
"Fuck you, Wentz"
Everyone needs an ass whooping on the bus home. Everyone.
"Wow for all his bad plays this year, Judon might’ve just won us the game. He read that absolutely perfectly."
Ravens will pass now!!!
Now gotta hope we get the onside kick.
OMG JUDON DID SOMETHING GOOD
Offense still needs to kill clock here
My heart rate is spiking
"The eagles scratched and fucking clawed man, my mouth is agape. One of the craziest Fucking games I have seen in a while."
God damn our offense sucks ass this year lol
PROCHE
Proche is a godsend
This was the worst ravens game I have seen in a while.
"Come on, Wentz. Get up and fucking jaw some more."
Yo I honestly thought for a second the eagles picked that up... my heart sank but thank god we got it
Good job Proche
Ugly ugly ugly ugly.
Awesome by proche
I'm still annoyed that we let the eagles make this a game
Game's not over until Lamar kneels lol
That’s game
Can we seriously do ANYTHING other than shotgun dive up the middle? Jesus.
Ballgamr
Proche has great hands
[https://www.carlogos.org/car-logos/porsche-logo-2100x1100.png](https://www.carlogos.org/car-logos/porsche-logo-2100x1100.png)
Ok the way lamar crawled scared the shit out of me lmao
"lamar ICES it, omg if he scored a TD there"
Let Lamar do Lamar things.
Good playcall there
I need to go find a way to get my heart out of stomach now. Gg boys
What is the record for longest game that didn’t go to overtime? 3 and half hours and counting
Hopefully a close call wakes everyone up
A big relief but this game was waaaay closer than I would have liked it to be
I feel like they were both making contact
"The penalties situation was terrible but they also did put themselves in some situations to be called even if they were bad calls. Refs should be disciplined though esp for that Peters dpi.

That being said, this game was a disaster in general after the first half and we’re lucky to come out of it. Rest and regroup and learn - this will be a good week for this team to figure out who and what they are before Steelers week which might be the most important game of the year for both squads."
"Lamar looks so much worse as a passer than last year, I don’t like it at all"
Defenses have figured out Lamar Jackson...
sign Antonio brown
Lamar looks sooo uninspired. Does he even like to play this year
We could legit lose this game with how bad the offense looks.
You just knew the refs weren't going to let philadelphia come away without points
Can’t blame that one on Roman. Lamar...DO BETTER
"literally every play can be roughing the passer, refs definitely pick when to call em imo"
Wait 14 days and we will play the Steelers and everyone can STFU about whether the Ravens are a good football team.
Dude no fuck this ref crew. They are calling this game so fucking one sided. Eagles are holding constantly. Fuck this.
I've kinda come around on how gloom and doom you guys are because last year I thought you were too cocky and we saw how that turned out so
"Lamar is pissing me off so much right now. I love him, but god does he look bad right now."
Fire Roman
Ingram stuffed? What else is new.
**Touchdown Nick Boyle!**
1.7 yd/rush and Dobbins is getting touches.  GRo is about to abandon the run and I don't blame him.
Let’s see the people mad that we’re gonna throw on 3 and 13
No designed runs again for Lamar today?
Are we sure Flacco is on the Jets?
Facemask
These guys are handling balls about as bad as the first girl to give me a blowie in 10th grade
Chris Board wtf you da man
This is just sad. They have nothing.
Lamar come on bruh I know this ain't you. Somethings up
You guys need to chill about hat throw - we're up 17-0 and you're bithcing about one play? How about all the good passes were dropped?
2nd and 30. Better throw a 5 yard hitch
We bout to have a browns-esque down and distance
Browns will never compete in the AFC north
Is our O-line to blame for the offensive regression??
Peters u really gonna get driven back 20 yards by the other team’s QB?
Good effort but not a catch
Fuck that is a catch
It's closer than you all think. That right foot tapped right as he fell outside.
Did you guys who are saying that's bullshit even watch the replays?
Big stop for the D! Still have time for our own drive
"I agree with not going for points here. Offense has looked bad, a turnover would be horrible."
Don't understand our sudden lack of aggression
Weren't we leading 17-0 last week also? Offense hasn't looked any better tbh
I don’t understand the complete abandonment of the read option
WHY. DIDNT. YOU. THROW. IT. AWAY.
Fuck this horseshit. That's pathetic.
fumbling into the endzone?
Elliot 2 FF he great
This sub when we’re still up by 11 and the other team scores anything: ScRaP tHe sEaSoN
Passing game needs to be revitalized and Greg Roman isn’t exactly known for that
It's funny how all the Lamar hate just completely disappeared.
stupid fucking play man
"This sucks but that's ok, could've easily been a much closer game at this point. Remember we did get lucky those couple times."
"Selfish penalty just gave them 8 points. I'm not really worried about losing this game, like I wasn't worried about losing to Washington last week, but these kind of mistakes are going to make it impossible to win in the playoffs."
How did Lamar possibly miss an open Hollywood on that 3rd and 4? Doesn’t make sense to me
"Pathetic third down call.

It's 3rd and 4. Call a slant. Call an option run with Lamar. Call a run if you'd like to use more time and maybe get closer than a 55-yard FG.

I'm not trying to be overly negative but holy crap."
What the fuck happened to this oline? Were they just scared of pissing off Yanda or something?
Alright I'm getting pissed now
eagles o-line is a hospital
Good tackle Queen.
Imagine letting the Browns score 7. Pittsburgh's D is trash. Lol
Fuck these god damn refs.
 bruh we had 2 defenders there
We never make it easy 🙄
Yah. It is hard to fathom that Philly is still in this game.......
Eagles have dominated us this half. Nearly 250 yards
Sure would be nice to have the FG Lamar took the sack to knock us out of range for.
These flags are completely bullshit
No receivers got open
Fire roman
This team won’t do shit with this offense
Lol
I’m here so I can have others to wallow with
"Just one play. A Peters pick, a Marlon punchout, please just get a defensive play and end this"
"just stop the 2pt and we good.

I feel bad about this game, but we should still win this"
"Yeah, at this point in the season, we are not a playoff team. We really are not playing to our potential. :("
If judon reads this sub I know he made that play and checked Reddit to see what we’d say
Hope this game also showed the “we don’t run the ball enough” crowd that that is not the issue with our offense.
Lamar's play today has pissed me off so much
"This team looks so poorly coached lately. Super talented, but poorly coached, poorly schemed. So many mental lapses and dumb penalties"
Eagles fans were saying that this team is trash LOL okay worry about your depleted team
I hope they get this 2pt and we lose this game. 100% deserve to lose it.
Our offense hasn’t been good since week 2... 3 straight weeks of horrible offense against bad teams. If we can’t put crazy numbers against WAS CIN or PHIL how are we suppose to beat PITT in 2 weeks? This team is not as good as our record indicates
Nobody should be bragging about this 5-1 record. This offense has been pitiful and we are making way too many fucking mistakes. We lose by 3 scores if we played a real team like this.
Offense hasn't looked the same since KC. It's like they have ptsd.
WTF are these short passes and runs on 35 yards....
That's a catch dude
Dogshit offense
"Don't let Ward back in the game. Cost us points with that dumb hit.

When a rookie pulls up and plays smart the veteran should know to do the same."
This win shouldn't make any of u happy what a collapse
Our offense sucks part 43697436
It was nice having an elite offense while it lasted.
Another blown coverage by the defense
We’re fucking terrible
**SIGN ANTIONIO BROWN**
Blue Moon is my favorite beer
"Offense just looks horrendous. I imagine they are trying new things they don't normally do to make sure they are playoff ready... but it just looks awful. Dobbins needs to get more touches. Ingram just looks like he's lost it. Also, we are they not taking literally ANY shots down field. Need to stretch the defense because the running game is also stagnant and lifeless."
Wink heard y'all bitching about not getting to the QB
Holy shit Peter’s horrible read
That was an ugly ball haha
Lets not do a run pass pass sequence
"If this was our team from last year, we would have already RGIII’d them by now."
Sus play calling from Roman these past couple games
That better be a fucking fumble.
"Good to see a designed run for Lamar though, those have been absent"
Dobbins is having a really bad game.
Should we call him Campbell's Chunky? Or just Chunky? Or is that stupid.
Yoooo what was Calais going off on Judon for? Was it just hype talk or was he pissed?
"Sit Wentz, bring out Big Dick Nick. (I know he's not on the team anymore)"
Something is up with Lamar's arm.
I’m so glad Greg Roman calls the plays and not Reddit.
This offense is systemically fucked man.
wtf did Greg Roman expect that play to get? 4 yards?
Fake punt
You’d think we’d be able to defend a zone read
"Yo,why isn't Hurts their starter at this point?"
Called the Hurts debut 🤔
Whatever
Damn bro’s that’s a catch
Bad idea to call timeout imo. Now philly go go for it and then if they get it they have a full minute to get a TD.
Hurts would have picked that up.
Greg is insane. WTF was that? Didn't even try xD
"G-Ro has called a good game. He has called some nice quick hitters. Lamar has just missed most of them.

The deep crosser gimme to snead he hit was nice."
McPhee wtf
Why is andrews not playing
And now roughing the passer. This is the stupid fucking shit that has to stop.
Cowher in a turtleneck and tweed looks like a Jeff Goldblum that really let himself go after getting lasik
Isn’t Hollywood supposed to be one of the fastest receiver? Haven’t seen him once get behind a back and take it to the house.
FFS. Offensive is a dumpster fire
jesus our offense looks like ass this game
Zrebiec’s Twitter feed is a little crybabiesh for my liking. He highlights every negative and glosses over positives.
Offense sucks
Why the fuck did we abandon the offense that helped us win 12 straight last year in favor of this lackluster one. I'll never understand.
Lmao fucking pathetic
Throwing form gets worse every game
BIG DICK ENERGY. LETS GO.
"See, that makes zero sense. We're up by 18 with about 17 minutes left in the game. Why would you throw on first down?"
"ahh yes right to the wide receiver 

(I know it was miscommunication it’s a joke)"
How is that not RTP after the earlier call lmao
Bullshit call
Touchdown Ward!
I'm so disgusted with the mental lapses today.
Philly was able to make it a game against us and Pittsburgh. Yet Cleveland can't handle it.
"""Passes out to Mark Andrews, always a reliable target"" 

*doubt*"
This has been Gus' worst game ever
Need a turnover here.
Damn. Poor Ertz. I like that guy
Fire this whole o line
Fuck this o-line
"What was that tackle, Queen?"
Fucking christ this game has gone on FOREVER
Lol its a clown show out here
"The Red Zone updates for the Ravens are basically

""The Eagles aint gonna win bruh"""
Our offense is so bad they knew they'd kick it deep
"I have a bad feeling, they look scared on the sidelines"
"Harbaugh is going to absolutely rip this team, wow"
Welp we suck
#Fuck you Greg Roman
"""Where's the open guy?""

Yeah, that happens when you have no WR1 on the roster."
FIRE EVERYONE
cowardly d on this drive
We are playing like a falcon.
"Good win. Offense needs to work, defense just has to keep doing what they're doing. These refs need to be blacklisted from doing Baltimore/Philadelphia games."
Almost 300 yards for daddy LAMAR😩💦🍆
"End of the season we will only see the W. 
Lots to work on but hopefully this gives us a kick up the ass and motivates us even more for Pitt"
bench ingram
That’s a catch
Refs AND review don't understand how out of bounds works?
"Bad coaching, should’ve kicked it"
"not sure what is worse, Lamar's throwing or all these penalties"
Greg Roman must've been drinking last night with these play calls. That and these dumb penalties...
Fire. Greg. Roman. Please God
Hollywood’s injury fucked him up a little mentally. He instantly goes to the ground every time lol
[deleted]
If they comeback Roman deserves all the blame
These refs are stinking garbage. Miss every holding call vs other teams but every penalty is called vs the Ravens. Homecooking...
Did you all not see this coming?
Where’s all the morons who said iTs OnLy 6 pOiNtS
Makes you wonder if last year was a fluke for Lamar in the passing game. He looks pretty bad overall this year. Reminds me of his first few games a starter. I wonder if the coaches let him do his thing a little too much. Might need to focus on fundamentals a bit more.
Snead needs to stay off the field
Roman needs to be fired after this game. Win or lose
Lol at some of the incredibly hot takes in here.
Very poor awareness from Lamar there. He is simply not playing to the same level as he was last year. I type this as a huge fan wearing his jersey rn. He needs to be coached up.
Slow Stroking My Meat for Lamar😩😋💦😊
"What a fucking garbage play. 3rd and 30. You know you're probably going to have to kick it. Take a fucking shot deep. What do you have to lose. 

I'm not gonna jump the gun. But it might be time to start considering removing greg roman."
Its lamars third year and he's still struggling with basic fundamentals...
Did Baker just get benched? That's fucking hilarious.
Homecooking Refs again trying to get them free points...
We are going to lose. We are going to lose. Judon is hands down the worst defender we have.
"Shut the fuck up all you whiny bitch plastic fans. Jesus christ. Sometimes the offense doesn't look good and that's fine, still plenty of games to iron it out. I'd hate to see how y'all would act when we had Boller starting at QB."
We got this
I had to come to the UK. Man having games START at 6 PM fucking sucks.
Hope we see the return of the Lamar show. Jackson 5 incoming.
I gotta spend the day doing yard cleanup. I live out of market. Best way to listen to the game from my phone?
I feel like J.O. absolutely dominates the local commercials lol
Let’s gooo!
Whooooo
Jordan Richards going out to call the coin flip???
PERFECT START
THAT is a good way to start the game.
That's a hell of a way to start D!
Getting started in a hurry
YEA CC
Think we'll see Hurts' debut today?
campbell!!
We eating today
How are we 4th in sacks. Lol
Thank god he dropped that
Man we got lucky
"Lol, completely fucked in the back end"
Hell yeah good opening two plays so far
We got away with that. That should have been 6.
Lol you can always count on receivers to drop a pass
Whew
Peters got beat BAD
And we start at their 47 or so.  Nice.
Lol
Glorious field positioning
Jesus Peters you nearly got us killed there.
Yeah.  Let’s not let that happen again...
Holy shit mp
That was more luck than skill...
Good field position let's gooooooo
Let's go
Good pass and catch!
Very nice 3rd down conversion
Good throw
Does anyone else not understand why Phillips is starting? He’s been terrible and Fluker and Mekari have held up better.
Good job Boykin!
Boykin caught something!!!!??? YOOO
Weird throw. Didn’t look great
Bro that is a small play just a regular out but it was good timing but that ball was ugly
Boykin got separation?. Whaaaaa
Just tuned in! Did I miss anything?
"Let's face it, Lamar will never be able to scramble outside again without 5 defenders staring him down."
ThEy’vE FigUreD uS OUt
One day these bootlegs are gonna get lamar popped. Roman needs to stop it
Sweeeeet!
Duv reminds me so much of SSR. He plays so much bigger than he is.
Defense is better than offense. The ravens way
LEL
LLAMA
That was nice!
Let Mark eat jus block for that grown ass man
that was filthy
My stream lagged and i thought tucker missed lol
Hell yeah Boyle!!!
It seemed like we did a bootleg to the right but had most of the receivers go to the left side of the field. Not giving lamar a lot of options
Y’all really freaked out too much about Lamar. He is a stud
Poor Wentz
LJ Fort revenge game
Good play fort
Haddyy
We gotta execute dammit
Lets go D!
Ouch
"&#x200B;

Ouch, that is going to leave a mark"
big hit on that return
oof
Not to take anything from Anthony but look at the eagles receiver core and offensive line... both are shit shows
"Good to see him walking away, hope he is ok"
I’m only okay with the commercials if it involves the big tidday thicc butt progressive chick
Lamar was kinda shocked at that hike
Mark is hurt. Damn
"lol, they called a normal run play, and we got 2 yards. I'll take that any day"
"Feel bad for Wentz. Missing Peters, Johnson, starting G and top 2 receviers"
omfgg what kinda play
That was an awesome 1-arm tackle lol
Did bruh just make a Kent Tekulve reference? He's already so much better than Dan Fouts lol
Flag.
"Man, new ravens fans are so bipolar"
What in the shit was THAT play??
Knee down
what is this play calling man
lol wut
There's too much emphasis on ball control instead of taking shots down the field
That's a clear as day fumble!
wtf was that
Love this defense!! That play will stand
Should be our ball.
THATS A FUMBLE
His knee wasnt down
That should stand ball is moving
That might be coming back
Y’all clearly don’t remember the Kyle Boller years. Yes our offense is stagnant. But damn we’re 4-1 right now. Enjoy it
defense carry again!
"Knee was on his foot a little too, I think this is one that stands as called."
Close call man
That's a clear fumble
lets goooo
"I said it last week, and I'll say it again.... We need more plays from under center!"
This means nothing if our offense can’t captitalize
"Oh man, I am *glad* I'm not the ref that has to review that. I genuinely can't tell you if that's a fumble or not."
crazy fumble
his knee was on deshons foot
Should stand
LETS PUT A SMILE ON THAT FACE
Offense looks like garbage but the defense has been amazing!
#FeedTheBoyle
"If we get the ball, let’s take a deep shot straight out."
Keep pounding
I was doubting this defense after kansas city but I'm glad they've proved me wrong
BUS!!
Boom!
Gus Bus!!!
Gus the GOAT
#GUS BUS
DA GUS BUS!!@!!
The Gus bus does not disappoint!!
Gus Bus
#GUS!!!
GUS BUS
we will need the O to step up big
Good hustle by Judon there
Ingram's leg... is it the same one he injured last yr?
"What a shame that it takes Ingram getting injured for the Ravens to utilize the younger, fresher & better RB rotation/combination!"
This D is waking up. Loving this the past few weeks.
This doesnt seem fair
Holding must not be getting called this year.
"Wentz will learn to go down faster against us.  He does that too many times, he gonna cough it up again."
Wentz sacked by... everyone
Jesus even when the dragon had his wings clipped I didn’t see a offense as bad as the eagles Rn
This defense is slinging the “D”
"Flacco at his worst was 1,000x better than Philly's offense.
Have they even had a single first down today?"
Throw in the towel
Ian sacks can technically half 3 halfs. 3 people can get a half sack on a sack it's weird I know
"It was a funny Bud Light commercial, but I wouldn't want to see it again."
Lmao it looked like Wentz got sacked by his own teammate
the fuck is wentz doing lmaoooooooo
Wow Wentz must love taking hits
Jesus.. hold on to the ball Snead
Saw that fumble coming from a mile away
You're surrounded. Cover the ball lol
Don't scare me like that!
Snead unaware of the dude behind him on the play.
Knead for Snead
Come on Snead. Can’t have that one step forward two steps back shit
Ya'll wanted other receivers to be involved right?
omg snead just gave me a heart attack
whew
Whew! Dodge a big one
i'll take the gain though lol
"I agree it’s too early to say for sure, but a lot of us were right — the offense is starting to gel this game."
What if we pull a reverse and light it up against Pitt
"Wtf, how'd they read that so well? xD"
"Hi, I’m u/MDG009 and I criticized the lack of diversity in the offense last week"
Book it Dano!
wouldn't have mattered anyway
ESPN has us at a 95.4% chance of victory right now
For a second there I thought Tucker would have missed that as the greatest kicker of all time
Who has Koch passed? Stover?
Carne asada
Defence has been dominating damn
Judon and Campbell jelling well today
The Eagles now have -7 yards of total offense
Calais Campbell deserves a Super Bowl Championship added to his HOF résumé!
When was the last time we had a bad defense 😂😂😂
Monstars balling out
**taps mic and clears throat: Baker Mayfield is extremely streaky and will never be able to string together a full season.
Defense is doin the damn thing!!!🔒
"i think this game says a lot about pittsburghs ""best defense in the league"""
Lamar you killin me
"Isn't their whole line out today? Not sure if they are any good to begin with, just asking for some perspective because the bengals line was absolutely shit"
Any thoughts on Madabuike and Broderick Washington so far this game?
In my opinions the only thing the ravens are missing is an elite runningback.
Kaboom your problems!
I don’t understand the gun running scheme now. It’s gross. Line up in the pistol and run the ball
THATS MY LLAMA
Was that a Statue of Liberty play??
That same run play Ingram got like 4 yards and tripped
It's not a Ravens game if an offensive player doesn't do a full-on flip after a play
i love that playfake
"Wait, you're allowed to call holding?"
Finally Dobbins had space
There you go Dobby
2 runs 2 first downs. Interesting concept.
JK ALL DAY
Hoping Lamars qb coach goes back and watches film with him seems like maybe his machanics are slipping
Run the ball every 1st down pls
Bro fuck holding
BOYLE ELITE BLOCKER
But Lamar slings that one right in there... Lmao what is happening?
Those fake quick throws to draw are working really well. I think we'll throw it once and get them off guard for big gain.
These fucking penalties
"Sigh, refs see everything the Ravens do..."
Not a Ravens game without some kind of penalty
Look I don't think Tyre is awful but I don't understand why he's starting as a rookie
That play reminded me of a certain someone
About to be 1st & 35
Fucking sloppy
how do we not line up right??
Another flag
No discipline
“Fuck.” -John Harbaugh
Get it together...
rigged
Dude what the fuck is with the flags?????
Fucking embarrassing
Take the fucking stick out of your asses ref
I hate that yellow fucking flag
This has got to be a record
Yo wtf lol
why
Is this legal?
wtf all these flags
Just punt on first
The offense is so concerning right now.
Good drive and we just shit the bed
These fucking flags though
Epic.
The Eagles too.....
Hail Mary
I WILL LITERALLY TAKE A GAIN OF 0 FOR THE NEXT 3 DRIVES IF IT MEANS NO MORE PENALTIES WTF
"Okay team let's convert this, 1st and 35"
God damn these penalties
YESSS MORE PENALTIES I LOVE IT
1st and 35 wtf
Just fucking Hail Mary it
Screen to JK let's go
Good punting position at least
Throw the ball over your shoulder!
Miles Boykin on the sideline. Throw it up deep
We should be up by like 28
"That incompletion to andrews was tipped. Also, it was the first incompletion gerry has ""forced"" all yr."
Can anyone share where I can steam the game. Please and thank you
Any possible O-line trade targets? We need all the help we can get.
I'm late to the party. I see we're up 17-0. Anyone have some highlights of the day to catch me up?
I love same Koch but I’m seeing way to much of him. 2 and 30 we still don’t go deep 3 and 25 we still don’t go deep either lamar is scared to throw it deep he doesn’t have enough time to let plays develop for that long or Greg just isn’t scheming deep passes either way that shit needs to change man we can’t be the only team in the league not completing long passes
Lamar may have had a suggestion to sidearm the throws to avoid getting knocked down. Even that last sidearm was knocked down
We run too much. We need to throw for big yards. /s
mitch trubisky rookie season never forget.
They really trying anything now with Hurts to get the ball moving smh
Go figure we get fucked when a DT QB comes in lol.
Isn’t that what we used to do?
God this is fucking annoying
what the fuck was that
Here come the miracle plays. Wtf man xD
Lol
So that’s what it feels like
Dude was flying out of bounds.
That’s an absurdly good catch
I have faith in the refs to screw this up
Lame.  But I guess its right
He didn't have control when his first foot came down
Right foot looks in to me. Go get that INT or punch out D.
Great
Keep the shutout!
Now get a pick
Eagles have had the ball for too long now
i’m liking a pick here
"Eh, if we made that catch I’d def say it was in bounds lol"
I gotta say that was a great catch
"I stand corrected, holy shit"
Holy shit ANOTHER drop in our favor.
"I know defense is on the field, but allow me to adjust my fedora and go in on how side-arm throws are disrespectful to the flag... /s"
we got lucky yet again
Shoulder makes it but that angle doesn’t show the ball.
We score HERE!
Take a shot!
Lol
No way that there’s enough evidence to overturn that
It’s not where his head is it’s where the fucking ball is you dumbass announcers.
2 fumbles for Wentz
call stands
That's a fumble anyway
queen with the slight push back lol
Dobbins is explosive af!
Battery time boys
Never thought I'd see the Matt Cavanagh offense again
Shutout is on track.
Wentz looking hurt
Dammit McPhee
Why not practice 2 minute drill? Team had a minute
We did try to score we knew our defense has the best chance of scoring lol
This is like the third backflip this game wtf
Lol good effort McPhee
"GOD DAMNIT MCPHEE, HOLD ONTO IT"
McPhee has to catch that
C’mon!
BALL DON'T LIE
*AIRHORN*
Chuck must be filthy. back to back ints taken away
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
What the fuck is that call
L o l
weak call imo
BULLLLLLSHIT
Horrible last drive almost giving up points
What a waste.
Put in hurts we wanna give him a taste
hearing phil simms reminds me of madden 25 lol
Hollywood sighting
How did the eagles get a fg attempt at the end of the half?
Smh
This O line isn't jelling
"But for real, even though our offense looks off, this is still a cool game lol. If you're not enjoying this at all, go take a walk and come back or something."
i hope by mid year the o line can get more acclimated... the penalties are killing us
#HOW CAN WE NOT LINE UP??
Asleep at the wheel
Flag flag flag flag flag flag flag
HOLY SHIT STOP IT
It's so much harder to run the ball when we're 20 yds from the 1st down everytime. Why can we not get cooking until 3rd and 10
Can we cool it with the flags Jesus
Just doing that will open the pass game.
OL penalty counter: 8
Madden Mode when he turns it on
Every single player on the O-Line has been penalized besides Skura.
Lol false start now
Come the fuck on dude
Can Greg Roman get our receivers open?
EAT YOUR HEART OUT
Fucking fuck me
???????????????????
Wtf are these penalties
These penalties need to be fixed badly; way too many undisciplined mistakes by the o-line today.
Finally Hollywood got a catch
Nice throw
Great play call
there we go!
Listening on the radio I guess he tripped?
Devin Duvernay = Playmaker (in the making.)
Okay now we’re clicking on Offense
Kill me
Dis is hilariously bad
O-line wtf!!! xD
Jesus fuck can you guys not false start
The offensive penalties are killing us. We already had a 1st and 35 for crying out loud.
Just wacky rn
Well damn.
lol
Ooooof
"Are they still doing 'Cmon Man'?  If not, put that play of Shaqtin a fool.  Throw it away LJ."
I think we can get it together over the bye week
"Idk what they need to do, but they need to feed Brown and Dobbins on short passes/screens/slants. Get your big play guys the ball and have them make plays. It's clear the OL misses Yanda and can't give the same type of production they did last year. Lamar needs to get the ball out quick or just have them run on jumbo packages. I feel like they are trying to do much and it's getting too ""complicated"" for everyone."
That’s about right
Uhhhhhhh wut
Lol
What the fuck man
Nice one 🤠
Well shit
😡😡😡
Wow.....
lol wow
...
Fuck that
The fuck.
If hurts is in they are gonna run cmon
Hurts is Winks demon rn
"Time for MVP Lamar to show up now!!!

EDIT: He did!!!!!!!!!!!"
Where tf was this when Marty was here? It was all QB Power with a little passing.
It's actually not a block that was a straight up tackle lol
Time for 8 more o line penalties
"Not sure what was worse, the design of that play or Lamar's throw."
Queen gave up on that play if he kept running he was gonna get the ball at the end zone
DeShon Elliott more than made up for his bad angle at the start of the play when his hustle to still run down the field and force a fumble. It's just too bad that his efforts ended up giving the Eagles the points anyways.
Throw slants
Nice throw to brown
This play calling is atrocious on offense. I just dont like it
I fucking HATE screen passes like that. Run the ball
Best throw all game
why do we keep playing bubble screens
Lamar!!!!
"I’m quite sure that these past few games have looked bad on offense because roman is focusing on the weak spots of our passing game against weak teams to improve them. That’s probably why were abandoning the run game, if we went run heavy against the bengals and eagles there would be much higher margins of victory."
Wentz has gotten absolutely clobbered today
"""I can feel it in my veiny neck."" - John Harbaugh"
I swear Wentz is blind. He reacted like a full second too late to Campbell
if he dies he dies...
Calius just out here having fun
Humphrey maaaaaan so cloooooooose
"Lol, dominated"
"Marlon ""Fruit"" Punch."
FRUIT PUNCH MARLO BIAAAAAAATTCCCCHHHH
We need to see the stats for most punch outs in 1 season!!
"Duvernay and Proche in pls, see what we got in them, mostly Duv though"
"Marlo or Pat TIllman, who’s got the better punch bois?"
Fruit Punch baby
lol lamar almost escaped there
boykin ran the wrong route.
You have to look at the ball to catch it
"Who is at fault on those, Lamar or Boykin? And as fans, how the hell do we figure that out (or can’t we)?"
"Wow, nearly blocked the punt too."
"Offense isn’t clicking how I want it to but, defense still dirty."
"Well with some of the blown coverages in D they didn't capitalize on but then forcing two fumbles that we got nothing out of I think defense has been pretty even on the board vs their performance now. 

Don't know why they haven't been using more RPO with Hurts, it was so effective."
smh
Why was Peters on Ertz?
"Just realized not matter what 

Bird gang will not have a perfect record today 

This is so sad"
"Hey Wink, blitzing has been effective, but doing it every 3rd is not xD"
Oh come on. Why is Peters playing that far off on third down?
"My uncle told me this should be a blowout. I said it should be closer than it is. The defense had a few dropped picks, but also blown coverage we got lucky on, who's right?

Thoughts?"
Fuuuck. I know that hurt. 😬
Jesus Christ
Not PI and this commentator is a puss
"Yeah, that’s dumb and unnecessary"
Man..oh well
That safety blitz was awesome
bleh
That was just stupid
goddamnit
Wow that was a blown coverage and a half
Low snaps by skura?
Offsides!
Some good work by Boyle today
Best throw from Lamar all day to Boyle right there.
I love when Lamar has to do a 360 to hand off the ball. What kind of call is that G Ro
Gus didnt even have a chance there
Tucker territory.
Can we do any runs that aren't shotgun dives?
BEST EVER
"Have not had a lot of success on the ground today, other than Lamar obv. Def needs to be adressed"
Old man Jimmy
BALLGAME
"Great stand defense! Oh look, the offense has ANOTHER chance to do their jobs and put this thing away..."
Ertz stay Hurt.. So glad we got Andrews
That was A HUGE risk to take there. We have guaranteed 3 here.
that's game IMO
Cmon Denver
Should be game right there
Lot of OPI going on out there
The Eagles caught the injury bug a few years ago and it’s never left. Must be disappointing for their fans
Why don’t they just put in Hurts ? Games basically over doesn’t hurt them
fuck yes
Excellent coverage.
Lmao wtf would you throw that at Ricard for
Let's eat some clock and beat them up
COME ON
The Hell?
Come on
"These formation penalties are on the coaching staff, fucking hell"
You really gonna put us out of FG range?
Bruh
Holy shit these penalties
This is ridiculous
Lol browns and lol bengals
you can't be serious
FUCKING OLINE. we need to replace every single one except skura.
So many penalties ☠️
so many penalties
Ref ball
"What the fuck is with these refs, we are the only team to get that call..."
another penalty on our offense? come on man
Ok. Who tf is paying bonuses for OLine penalties?
CAN WE STOP GIVING AWAY PENALTIES YOU STUPID FUCKS
This goddamn pathetic lol.
these penalties bro wtf
penalty yards are still yards right guys??? right.....
Thank you Tucker
Jesus christ Tucker is good
"AU
TO
MA
TU
CK"
Pats lost
 Offensive line is killing them
That’s what happens when you put a practice squad bum against a top 5 defensive lineman in the game
"I promise you, give us Saints O-Line we would be **MUCH** better. It's not the playcalling, it's not that we aren't running enough, our O-Line has been pisspoor."
Definitely a hold. Penalties are a bit worrying right now.
That's money.
So many flags Jesus
Ward gets redemption. Sorta.
That's not a FUCKING CATCH!!!
Georgia Southern destroyed UMASS yesterday
But the Ravens don't get any pressure on the pass rush!
"Player of the game, campbell or hump?"
"Our offense takes one step forward and the. Two steps backwards 

Another fucking ugly win. What is this team?"
This game seems endless.  Six minutes left?
What was that? You think game is over?
DPOY
Lol again
Sacks on sacks on sacks on sacks
PQ what was that man
Are they scared to tackle him?
"Lol D, LOL"
Looks like the Eagles OTs have also been lining up deep off the line.
Peters cant tackle it shed a block. Wonder if that's why screens works so well.
great jimmy hurt himself
Did a Raven get hurt?
Something must be wrong
"Dayum, he gave Queen a stiffy."
"Ouch, he landed right on top of Peters"
what are we doing
Humph coulda killed that guy but didn’t want the flag
I think (and hope) MP just got elbowed in his area.
Why play so far off the recievers?
THANK YOU
Easily Elliots best game so far
Good pick.
It has been the day of TOs in the league
THANK YOU JOKER
Remember when our defense got zero pressure? Lol
INT and 2 FFs for Elliot !
[deleted]
He dropped it.
Bowser handing Elliot that pick. What a good stunt by the defense.
[deleted]
Yeah that’s coming back
"Why so serious, Wentz?"
Looks like it was on the ground?
"elliot has been impressive lately

edit: spoke too soon but he's been good regardless of the drop"
No that's not a pick
oh he dropped it lol
That’s coming back lol
Damn couldn't secure it
Damnit
Fuck it hit the ground
Wentz got a face full of Bowser
"Dude, finally. Get Wentz the fuck off the field. This game should've been over a long time ago.

Edit: Of course it's not a pick. We've now bailed Wentz out of 3 interceptions."
Ah fuck
incomplete
Not an int
**NOOOOOOOOOO**
"The D is suffocating man 

 Live it so much"
Damn.
I hope we keep tyus
"Bruh, wentz looks like a tomto"
so close
Marlon getting annoyed lol
Man how did he do that lol
The Texans are choking
"Ah well, this looks like this is gonna end with one of those final scores that hides just how lopsided this game actually was."
Fuck
Just brutal.
"Texans about to lose, damn"
brutal
Cannot wait to play the steelers man
just wow.
Just lose
Lmao
*Another* two point conversion?? Come on guys.
Eagles could still win this.
Wide open AGAIN
Well. Now its close.
Team needs to wake the F up on offense and defense.
Mp juice man has not been juicing this year
If they get put in Hurts were screwed guys.
"Can we please just fucking end this, this game has gone on for years and years"
Don’t let them back in this game please.
RUN THE DANG BALL
Offense needs to score
"Nice work, Peters! Literally right there and pulls a Rahim Moore."
"Bengals lost lol, that's kinda bleak."
"Need this offense to show why we are elite. Everyone says we can’t win big games, while that’s yet to be decided let’s win a big moment here."
A field goal puts this one away
can we be aggressive here please?
Lamar needs to butt excavate them now
Wentz got us out here looking sus.
"alright, offense. No holds. No fumbles. Run that rock."
"Uh, I would rather this not be a one score game right now..."
Let’s go Lamar!! End this game!!
Love Marcus peters just wish he was a little more consistent
Shite
I'd fucking trust my D against this offense as well
Tennessee just won :(
Offense please do something
We need to line up under center once in a while
AAAUUUGGGGGHHHHH
ridiculous
Sigh
Oh boy. Another fucking Holding.
Do we need to lose this game to realize how undisciplined our team has been playing?
WTF ANOTHER PENALTY WHY
Pucker your buttholes friends
Bruh what is this offense
We deserve to lose this game
Fml
Unreal. Absolutely awful.
Been better off with a sack there tbh
😡
oh no
It is what it is. Looking forward to this team getting some adversity.
Fucking pathetic.
Baltimore and silly penalties: A love story
We’re gonna fucking lose
jfc
"Jesus christ, is this game actually happening. This is insane"
Okay now we have a reason to be upset
Wtf were those routes in third down?!?
We suck offensively
So many forced fumbles this game. So few actual TOs.
FUCKING PATHETIC
can someone get fucking open
Our WRs on lock bri
That entire drive was 19 seconds
Needed a good drive to get points or kill time and we get a 3 play drive that lasts 27 seconds and the eagles still have a timeout.
Come on defense let’s stop them!
Imagine if ward didn't commit that rtp...
Fuckin wow
**PLEASE** make this stop defense
welp
Lol
Pathetic
"Lamar liked it here, he wanted to play here. He loved the coaches. If this team isn't careful, those 2 sentences will be true."
EXCUSE ME?
Should be OPI.
Barring a turnover this game is gonna be tied.
"I thought this was our year, but kinda feeling it may not be anymore.  C'mon guys. :("
"Way too much time left for Philly to come back and send this game to overtime.

Hell, if Wentz is fast enough and we have another shitty drive they have enough time to win."
"How the fuck is this Eagles team alive? Worst offensive line performance in years, that's how. Fucking disgusting. Literal F grade."
O-Line tackling Ravens defenders? Eh let it go
Omg come on Peters please!!!!
"FUCK THE REFS

WHAT THE FUCK"
How do you miss a tackle on a guy standing still catching a punt?
WTF IS GOING ON
the offense looks worse every week... I’m concerned
They were both fighting for position on that ball
Not like this...
Yeah. Fuck this.
Every player who committed a penalty needs to run wind sprints
"We're gonna blow this, holy shit"
I want to kill myself wtf
HOW MANY PENALTIES HOLY SHIT
All time weak shit
"The Eagles are doing it without Miles Sanders. No big deal, the refs are on their side..."
Can we get a quality WR
:/
This is about to be a total meltdown
WTF
Welp. I hate life
TAKE MT WBERGY
OT?
Damn
Oh boy...
My heart man
So many penalties dammit
Penalties and the inability to move the ball has been our downfall rn
It’s been a LONG time since my heart has beat like this
HOLD!!!!
sigh
Lads???
Pls no 2 pointer
Pick play coming
What a load of fucking shit.
People pinning this shit on the defense like our offense didn’t just go 3 and out and gave them 30 seconds of rest.
Bruh
At least they got it but they literally made me nauseous af for no reason
Thank god
I didn't know teams could okay from behind
Let’s go D!!! Stand at the critical moment!!
Judon did something
I can’t believe I’m saying this but thank you judon
At least we stopped the conversion
OFFENSE DO NOT MESS THIS UP
How much you wanna bet they get another chance via penalty?
Horrible play call
This is where the mental comes in- let’s go boys
"First time all day Judon actually did anything

Not thrilled it took 58 minutes but I'll take it"
"Now we need to run damn clock, please"
GET ON THE GROUND
Big
"It’s not over yet, they got a timeout"
Wow shocked that we stopped them
Embarrassing
And they jumped offsides
"OK, BURN THE CLOCK DONT ALLOW SHIT"
Bodybuilt by Taco Bell
come on offense.
Holy fuck man
Bro Wentz's landed on his hands crazy he ain't break em
Refs gonna catch the onside for Philly
Judon 945 m APY
time for an onside i guess
Thanks to Dougie P for the play call that bailed us out.
FUCK OFF BITCH
It’s only a penalty when we do it
Games not over..
Fuck you Philly and fuck you refs
Please just close this disaster out
"Can the offense please hold the ball now tho, literally just for 1:55"
No false start on the LT?!?
Ugly win but a dub is a dub
I cant believe the game was so close
"Bro i called it. Our 2016 game against Philly ended in a failed 2pt conversion and we won by 1. Barring this onside, itll be the same shit again. Idk why I just knew"
They c oco old get it with 5 seconds lol
No fucking passing.
And we recover the onside kick. We might just avoid a super embarrassing loss.
Lamar needed to go down there.
Ball game bitches
why do you do this to us eagles
Fuck please slide Lamar
Honestly can't believe we're 5-1. We've looked mediocre against awful teams
Gotta get better.
Hopefully we learn from this
"12 penalties for 130ish yards, weird game, terrible o-line... and we still won. Not clean but even great teams have sloppy games, the difference between great teams and above average teams is the great ones pull the W still."
Put the camera on Acuna
Anyone still here?
[deleted]
rOmAn NeEdS tO BeFirEd
Derrick Henry has more rushing yards than Lamar does passing
We are sure as fuck not Super Bowl contenders
So when they bout to fire Greg Roman?
There is no game thread more insufferable than ours when the team we support is UP BY FREAKING 11 POINTS
2 bad lamar passes that drive.
AGAIN SIGN ANTONIO BROWN
That’s so fucking lucky
I think it was good fb iq that he kept it. Nothing was open and the defense was all over the receivers. We need a top end wr bad so they can get separation
BAKER OFFICIALLY PULLED FOR THE DAY!!
Not what we needed
Lamar is actually accurate when throwing to a wall...
Dude WTF is up with our offense
Free Gus and Dobbins
[deleted]
"Classic Ravens, go up 17-0 then sputter hard"
Yeah that's complete
#BULLSHIT
"I just... I dont think were playing as aggressive as we can be. Were not utilizing our weapons correctly and and at the end of the day I think Roman is at fault here. This is the same shit he did in San Fran. This is why san fran immediately dropped to the bottom of their division after their superbowl appearance. Because he changed the game style to less aggressive. The only reason we are still competitive is our defense. And unless we fix this shit soon we will not beat the harder teams. 

Steelers arent a fucking joke this year. And if our offense continue this short choppy bullshit we will not beat them. If we can't even move against the fucking eagles. What the fuck are we gonna do against a competent defense."
Please let's see some half-time adjustments. Lamar needs to get his head in the game
Those people are open enough
"Ugh. It's not a terrible call with how the rule is written, but that's such an annying rule."
White tight end time.
these refs are litterally playing for the eagles
garbage time TD
Why is it that every time a receiver is wide open its Marcus Peters blowing the coverage?
Something needs to change at the bye or Harbaugh will be on the block.
We’re soooooo fucked this season
This team is embarrassing right now
Anybody think this team would beat the Titans or Chiefs?
How is that not a touchback?
2 ineffective runs and a successful pass play.  This sub is going to explode.
Lamar needs to fucking GO! That's twice now he had chose to not run and got a yard instead of 5. Ffs what the hell are they telling him? Let him ball out..!
"Offense play calls are sus so far, except for the Boykin throw"
This might be the shutout we've been waiting for.
"Come on offense, start clicking!"
those were catchable passes dropped
"Someone run the football, Lamar run that shit if you can’t throw"
"Before the season I thought for sure we were gonna go all the way. On paper we should be much better than last year apart from the Oline. Weve gone completely backwards on every part of our offense and are so fucking predictable. If I on my couch know what play is about to come on 3rd and long, then you know damn well the defense does. I dont doubt we will make it to the playoffs, but i would not at all be surprised to see this team go 1 and done again. Thank god the defense is playing so well because if not we would be fucked."
Andrews was open for the TD there...
I'd like to see more passes to RBs.
Boseman wake the fuck up or get off the field.
"we up 17-0 but it's all mostly to the defense, we not gonna get this lucky against the Steelers"
"Guys need to catch those, but Lamar also needs to hit them closer to the body on these bullet passes."
"can we get some 3 TE sets and some RPOs going, maybe some pistol, what we ran last year?"
How does the fake screen work if we never throw normal screens? Lol
Fucking Michael Oher....wait
"1st and 35, and we run the ball xD"
"If we are playing this way against this terrible Eagles defense, next game against the Steelers is gonna be ugly"
Lamar Jackson 2.0. OMG...
Holy shit
BS he didnt have full control when he got that first step
"Geez, is that Perriman?"
Remember this isn't just about breaking the plane either - you have to maintain forward progress. I remember when they screwed us against Brees the one time with that call.
"Catch the ball McPhee, OMG"
Was he not in bounds there? Clock should have run out after that tackle
What a fucking chokejob
get Roman the fuck outta here yesterday btw
What is this shit show
"These penalties are embarrassing,  this is a real professional team out there? Holy shit, I'd criticize their discipline but there's nothing to critique because their discipline doesn't exist"
Lol Charles Davis talking bout hollywood like he fell no he fell on purpose
Belee guys
There need to be more playmakers on offense out there. Another top tier WR is needed.
And we have a ball game boys
"WTF DEFENSE? I know you've been lights out all day, but WTF?"
"Roman, back at it again with the horrible playcalling..."
All that for a sack
"Roman, wtf was that? It's like every drive they get either Jekyll or Hyde as OC xD"
Aw come on Marlon
Oh fuck off!!!
Andddddd another bail out.
"Way to fucking go, Ferguson"
Here we go again.
Hey guys I saw Baker was benched in the 3rd quarter. How much were they winning by? 😂
"24th in the league, oof"
We do the slowest handoffs ever
"Mostly I'm agnostic about these ""how can we play like this vs Pittsburgh??"" takes, but I am concerned our run game will look very similar vs their d line."
How far can Lamar throw sidearm? These seem to be hist best looking throws
Zero holding calls on the Eagles. Like 3 on us.
These refs are fucking ridiculous..
Penalty on the Eagles!? Can that happen guys? Is that allowed?
DO NOT LET THEM SCORE. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
"I know you guys hate this team this year. But I love a balanced offense-defense team. Defense isn't perfect, but we can count on them."
"What an extremely unathletic play by Peters, pathetic coverage and jump.."
Man our DBs have been exposed a few times today. That should've been an easy play on the ball.
[deleted]
Why didn’t they challenge Wentz being down
We deserve to lose
This team man this fucking team I don’t think I have been this angry in a while FUCK
We really need to assess our WRs and see if we can make some kind of trade or signing. Lamar needs someone who can get open quickly
This crew is complete bullshit.
This team is a fucking joke.
Deserve to lose playing like this on offense
How are we struggling against the Eagles?
THATS AWFUL
The they don't bring in offensive target and oline we are fucked.
Get fucked
"We are not the falcons 

Thank god

NOW WHERE THE HELL IS MY JULIO JONES"
"People saying it's not the refs, how you gunna defend them on the no call on the left guard pulling 2 seconds before the snap on the 2 pt lmao"
any given sunday my dudes. i'll still take the W
"I think if our offense was slightly better, we would’ve scored 40"
This game should be a big wake up call to the coaching staff. Hope offense improves cuz this was ridiculous.
"I swear  to god, any one of you who posts a ""take it easy on our offense"" post, I'm gonna cuss you the fuck out. RGIII should be in against this dogshit team rn."
"Nice job upgrading the receiver position in the offseason, guys.

Bang up front office work."
That’s a catch
How the fuck is that a catch?
"Is there anything we can do to get Greg Roman fired? I'll sign whatever, I'll wear whatever, he needs to go. The faster the better before the damage is permanent"
We're getting 1st rounded again
Hate to say it but we’re frauds....
"Uhoh... they scored 6 lol..some of yall are fucking awful ""fans"""
Can we just take Wentz’s head off one of these plays? Tired of seeing his awkward ass dance around. Light him up
"Uh oh we’re only up 17-6 with one loss on the year, bring out all the “fans” talking about how trash this team is!!!"
"This thread is embarrassingly toxic.... 

If you want to call out bad plays, do it in a constructive way. Let’s educate each other and drive good conversation."
God this team sucks. We’re going to fall ass backwards into the playoffs and embarrass ourselves again.
SHITTY O IS BACK ON THE MENU. TIME TO PANIC AND NOT RUN ANOTHER DOWN THE REST OF THE GAME
Omg decosta needs to be on the phone with ab’s agent right now
"love the humphrey punch but he can’t try to do it every play. cost us a TD in pittsburgh last year, good thing he made up for it in OT"
"If we don't get points on this drive, I'm nervous."
We deserve to lose.
We’re still gonna win
I want to be active at the trade deadline but idk what we need. Maybe Julio Jones basically. A WR who catches everything regardless of the pass being slightly off.
Madden curse is real.
My mans Lamar just needs a fresh cut. He lookin like a human cockroach out there  with that hair.
Lamars been figured out by the league 😭
Why are they hugging all these dudes with COVID going on?
"Steelers going to smoke us. Penalties, side arm passes, run blocking. Have a LOT to fix on the off week. Hope we fix a lot of this."
Y’all need to have some faith lol
When did we turn into a clown offense 😡
"I don't mind Lamar trying to take a step back and not do as much against worse teams. But when the going gets tough he needs to be ready to be the ""Point Guard"" and not be slow due to lack of playing that way."
AB: 👀
"Great, now the backup is in and we about to get picked apart."
Marcus peters got driven back back carson wentz. Didn’t even try to make a tackle on that play
Bullshit
Next. Draft. Wrs and DEs. Every round.  Please.
[deleted]
Thanks homecooking refs! Not a single one called on the Eagles though! >:(
"If we win, it'll feel so weird. We don't look or feel like a 5-1 team at all to me."
Hopefully this is the last game for Roman
Jesus Christ we have so much work to do we honestly deserved to lose this one
They're really reaching with this bar commercial. Tf do you want any president to do about a disease this infectious? Niggas don't want to get sick so they stay home
ITS 17-0. Stop bitching you toxic fucks
End me now
Duvernay was open over the top there
"honestly, anyone who thought this is a good team needs a reality check - this is a good thing for this team to go through, gotta learn that walking all over the Browns, Bengals, and WFT won’t prove anything to anyone. Gotta get WAY better if they want to compete for anything this year"
"Lamar, stop showboating. You've mostly looked like ass."
"Until Lamar becomes a better passer, we need him to keep breaking off these runs!"
Downvote me all you want but i think the Steelers are gonna eat this team’s lunch without some major changes.
Lamar needs to learn to elevate the ball
[deleted]
Thank god we have the easiest schedule this year
"Lol, that was embarrassing Eagles. Almost cancels out the lucky TD"
It seems like LJ just doesn't want to play today. Very little killer instinct
"Why do we run it to the right so fucking often. It doesnt work ever. We have way more success running to the left. Period.

Guess which side of the line cleared that hole for jacksons td. The fucking left."
This is fuckint bull shit.  Just giving them shit wtf
We don't deserve a bye week with all these penalties. Absolutely unacceptable
Just tuning in. How did y'all let THIS eagles team comeback?
Run the fucking ball Jesus Christ
"Lamar is straight up bad this year. Not just a down year for him or whatever you want to say, his performance so far this season is straight up bad"
Every whiny bitch ass Ravens fan...complaining about the refs AGAIN.  Maybe it's just this team?
"Once again, we have a great first drive and then get sloppy and lose all rhythm. Defense is carrying this team. We’re setting ourselves up for a massive upset game."
"QUICK! First drive of the game, abandon the run!"
Imagine if we had prime Alex Collins with these RB’s
Incoming screen pass
I'm a patient man but it taking 5+ games to get this running game going.
"I'm not here to talk about the game, I'm here to discuss the commercials. that's what they mean by ""play every game like the superbowl"" right?"
Lamar is 2018 Lamar without the rushing 🧊
Safety incoming!!!!!!
I love that progressive advert
Only one foot down
I don’t think it’s a catch but what a play by Ward
Why the hell would the eagles not take the 3 points and make it a 2-score game? That is so pathetic
Did Calais kill the shutout just now?
"that miss was just bound to happen
yknow"
Offense is so bad
Holy fuck the offense is entirely in misstep so many penalties
Gimme a touchdown right here and I’ll nut
Oline is really struggling
GOAT
Almost another fruit punch
Defense is gassed
Sigh
the fuck
Is this me or this game is going fast?
Fucking go for it
Fuck these refs smh
Honestly we need to fix something soon with Pittsburgh coming up
Roman needs to be replaced.
These refs getting on my nerves
We traded Lamar Jackson mid game to the eagles
Ok..all you gloomy weenies can calm down.
This team man lol
Titans win
"Did RG3 come in? I turned it off, what happened how did the eagles score ?"
BELEE
Lol..nice
"Thank GOD, and I’m shocked it was Judon who finally did something useful this season lol"
Why in the name of all that is holy does Roman go away from the running game almost every game?
GET ROMAN THE FUCK OUTTA B-MORE
Earl Thomas catches that
Really stroking my shit for fun now😩💦🍆
Offense has been a fucking joke and predictably our defense is getting gassed because they can't do literally everything. I am utterly shocked this is happening. This offense has fallen off a map after last year. This team is supposed to be a top three superbowl contender?
SIGN ANTONIO BROWN MANNNNNN
This fucking defense misses every damn sack I stg
Why is every throw sidearm?!?!
Pack it in boys gg
"Lamar looks like shit and people need to stop making excuses for him

dude needs to to a sports psych or somethin on the bye week cause he clearly has the yips"
I could care less if we beat the eagles. We gotta fix our offense ASAP
"2000 ravens simulation, good defence. Trent Dilfur type offence"
Another great start to a drive. 2nd and 17
Cmon Lamar 🤦🏼‍♂️
Slants and screens. Middle of the field is soft.
Random but im nervous as hell to face the Steelers
Peters is kinda bad sometimes
[deleted]
Just tuned in same shit from the kc game no pressure at all on wentz
"Biden: Trump downplayed the coronavirus!

Also Biden: Trump’s lockdowns are horrible!"
[removed]
[removed]
Can I just say I fucking hate the white jerseys? Because I really hate our away uniforms.
Free stream anyone?
[deleted]
"OK, Roman and Lamar. Don't shit the bed here."
"I told you guys, we are going to blow this game. I’m here to say it again, we are going to lose. Sorry Raven flock."
[deleted]
Trade Marcus peters dude is a bum
[deleted]
Oh fuck off McPhee. I'm heated on that one. What a pathetic drop.
First great throw all game
This game sucks to watch.
Wentz's passing is as cringe as Elliot's love for the joker!
[deleted]
I would honestly rather run on every play rather than try to force throws half the time
Shot ourselves in the foot an nearly bled out. The running game is meh. The Oline is meh. Marlon Humphrey is having an incredible year. Peters gambles too much. WRs dropped a lot of balls. Overall grade today a D-
[removed]
We need a better quarter back sorry not sorry
I’m calling it like I did 30 minutes ago. It’s going to be a blowout and we will lose. Defense can only protect you for so long without offense putting up any points on the fields.
Trade Marcus peters! Dude is a bum and gave up 160 yards
"trash defense ravens trash seasons gone gg boys

edit: forgot the /s for all the slow fuckers in the thread"
"Why do I get a feeling this is about to be a blowout? I hate to say it, but I think we’re going to lose."
Bring in Trace McSorley at this point. Right now Lamar isn’t going anywhere
[deleted]
FUCKING TRASH ASS DEFENSE
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Nflbite.com
NFLbite
Sport surge also works
Use a vpn as well with cbs all access. That’s how I watch every week
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Im out of the loop. What is the significance?
I saw that. That's petty to the max 😂
""
"I'd be careful wearing that if you can't swim. Cause brother, you're gonna be drowning in pussy."
"Seriously...that was made in Badass, USA by Chuck Norris himself."
That's gotta be from around 19-fucking awesome.
It was a normal jacket but then was signed by guy fierri
"It must be 2008 or later, since that's when the NFL logo was changed."
"My favorite part might just be the little banner ribbon above our logo that just says ""NFL"" lol. You'd think it'd be something like ""Est. 1996” or ""AFC North Divisional Champs"" or...anything deserving of a ribbon."
"My god, that is so terrible but awesome at the same time"
"Not even joking, my grandfather owns that exact same thing lol he bought it either right before or after the first Super Bowl, so you could probably date it at 2000 or 2001."
"Dumb question, did you check the tags on the inside lol"
WOOOOOOOOW.
"I would wear the hell out of that.

&#x200B;

*If it fits, or not.* 

**Either way, it's getting worn.**"
""
I find it kinda funny that Sizzle ended up playing just one more game than Ray haha
LET SAM KOCH
"Most folks outside of Baltimore wouldn't appreciate special teams the way we do... until something happens to their team because of their kicker or punter.

Special teams absolutely matters! We definitely appreciate Sam Koch!"
Cock
[Obligatory](https://youtu.be/ocHpAPd_bsY).
"BIG.


COCK.


KOCH."
And we’re sleeping on his numbers as a passer haha
ROH for sure
That's a durable Koch.
Also the best QB of all time
Feed Sam!
[removed]
As much as I hate the Steelers its always hilarious to see the Browns get smashed
[deleted]
""
This was the first legit ‘LAMAR’ play I’ve seen from him this year. It was the kind of crazy shit he pulled once a game last year. Gotta get that mojo going again.
[deleted]
SB champion on his rookie year.
"This is the ravens subreddit, pictures of goats belong in r/Farming"
MVP of the Eagles game right here
That’s lil boi Tuck. I know kickers aren’t meant to be bulky but even Tucker looks bigger over the years compared to that baby faced assassin.
Absolute legend.
Best in the business
I’ll always upvote the ole Tucker Fucker
"What more would it take for him to make the Hall of Fame when he retires? He already has 3 Pro Bowl selections (as many as Vinatieri), 5 All-Pro selections (including 4 first team selections to Vinatieri's 3 *total* selections), he's on the 2010s all-decade team, he has a ring, and he leads the NFL in all-time field goal %.

All this and he's played roughly 1/3 as long as Vinatieri has in the NFL."
BuTkeR iS BeTteR!!
"Yo so no homo and all but he is gorgeous as fuck.

He's in my Jon Hamm phylum of handsome men."
He looks like a kid
"God the ""fly wire"" jerseys (aka the ""toilet seat"" jerseys) were completely ridiculous"
That beautiful Art patch
1 pixel per field goal he’s made
Harrision Butker missed an extra point yesterday. Oh wait. He’s the best kicker in the league 🤥
If Tucker retired tomorrow....HOF?
Still fucking got it!
I’m about as wet as this picture and I’m a guy
Hallowed be thy name
"He’s not an elite thrower of the football, but he’s solid and an elite talent with his legs. Is it because of the hype he garners? Is it his personality? Like why do people enjoy watching him struggle? Maybe it’s just because I get lost in the twitter comment section too much, but man people can be straight a**holes on there. 

For me only one thing matters... He’s fun to watch. That’s the whole point of football. To entertain and Jackson does that for me. I wish I could drown out the haters of the world. I would be a much happier person if I didn’t go on twitter as much, but I rely on it for football news. 

Sorry for the early rant."
"Pretty much every QB gets hated on. Flacco was a Superbowl MVP and still got crap.  When you play at an extremely competitive level and people aren't a fan of your team, they're going to nit pick."
"Because they were wrong about him. ""Experts"" thought he should be a WR. Then, he went to the Ravens and shocked the football world, becoming MVP in his 1st full season. He's in the right organization, and once he wins a SB, he'll get the respect he deserves.."
"First, Twitter is a gigantic toilet bowl.

Second, everyone hates successful people.

Third, fuck everyone who hates on Lamar."
"Twitter hates everything.  While people, black people, cows, cars, gasoline, women, men, lgbt, those who don’t like lgbt, honesty, dishonesty, trump, Biden, Republicans, Democrats etc etc etc etc

I want to know why people care.  The social media world is one big hate fest right now and I choose to ignore it.

If you think about it Lamar is good.  People are scared.  Of course they want him to fail.  They don’t want to have to play him.  The same way we wanted Brady and Manning to lose."
He’s unapologetically black.
Im critical of him for sure. I want him to be as great as he can potientially be.
"I deleted twitter two years ago and I don't regret it at all. That shit has a terrible way of affecting your mood with all the bullshit that's on there. Delete it, friend, it'll have a positive effect on you in more ways than you know."
"Agree w everyone who says that Twitter is trash. If you want my opinion, I think the flak primarily comes from 3 groups: 

1.  Racists/Haters. I think this is the smallest group (might be naive of me), so I will not spend any more time here. 

2. Jealous teams/fanbases. I think there are a lot of teams (and fans of those teams) who see LJ and are frustrated with themselves for not being so forward looking as Harbaugh/Ozzie/DeCosta. 

3. People who want to see improvement. You wrote that the point of football is entertainment, so why are they giving LJ so much grief. I think that is partially true. I think that you can get only so much entertainment from losing. Winning is much more entertaining. LJ has not been as good as he can be this year and it’s not unfair for fans and objective watchers to criticize his mistakes and expect better play. 

Was he more entertaining this year or last year?"
"Everyone hates Everyone,  mostly"
"They had a narrative around him in college coming in to the draft and they want that narrative to be right so bad.

The other thing is just rivals taking smack to each other."
This sub is just one giant circle....
Thats why I hate Twitter.  Every time I log on I leave pissed off.
It’s several factors but a lot has to do with how he’s pretty much the most unconventional quarterback we’ve ever seen and he’s breaking the mold and no one can accept it
"Honest question, why are people here so sensitive about it, like they’re his girlfriend or something?"
"I get that hes not an ""elite"" thrower yet but dude led the league in pass tds last year so put some respect on his throwing ability."
"Ravens managed to hold on and improve to 5-1

#Week 6 Results

|Score|Guess|Result|
|:--|:--|:--|
|+6|Final Score|30-28 Ravens|
|+3| Total combined interceptions recorded by both teams | 0 |
|+1| Total RAVENS field goals | 3 |

#scoring

|Earns|Winner(s)|
|:--|:--|
|+6| none |
|+3| u/WellillBDam u/MarcusMcGuane |
|+1| u/SNRavens91 u/SC0RCHER55 u/woriestfurbal u/DySyncZ u/Skimperman u/therealmattmurdock u/RamRod013 u/toners889 |

**Lucky Guess Standings after Week 6**

|Rank|Username|+6|+3|+1|Total Points|
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| 1 | u/SNRavens91   | 0 | 3 | 3 | 12 |
| 2 | u/SC0RCHER55              | 0 | 2 | 5 | 11 |
| 3 | u/samvikingo             | 0 | 2 | 3 | 9 |
| 4 | u/MarcusMcGuane              | 0 | 2 | 3 | 9 |
| 5 | u/zombiereign   | 0 | 2 | 2 | 8 |
| 6 | u/AHoneyBC  | 0 | 2 | 1 | 7 |
| 7 | u/kevin12345420              | 0 | 1 | 3 | 6 |
| 9 | u/toners889   | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 9 | u/GandalfTheSilverFox              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/Juggling_T_Rex             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/ColoradoRavensFan              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/JayJayfortheRavs             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/SurfPlumber   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/PimpDaddyGrimes   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/KaiShep   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/t_mills42   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/IcelandicRaven   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/WillillBDam   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/rvnblt    | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/Folby_Orb   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/NaanBradOSRS   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/acemanico   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/Baroudii   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/Ioanni_hackvirtus  | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/peanutburger   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/FricknPlausible   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/gnarkilleptic   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/CarelessCompetition   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/680Man   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/B_Boll   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/RamRod013    | 0 | 0 | 3 | 3 |
| 11 | u/No0ther0ne    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 11 | u/SheUsedToLoveMe   | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 11 | u/zaraxia101    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 11 | u/PauleBademeister    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 11 | u/wordiestfurbal    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 12 | u/King_Clitorus    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/YEAH_J22TS   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/iceup17    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/Mrusername   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/TheProGamer77   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/ogdonut    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/Gio52903  | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/gboccia   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/Cryophobiaa    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/Paraxom   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/steamyjeans33    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/JohnWachter    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/DySyncZ    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/Skimperman   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 12 | u/therealmattmurdock    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |

#Week 8

#Steelers @ Ravens

**Guesses submitted after 11/1/20 at 1pm EST will not be counted.**

**Scoring will be as follows:**

* 6 points: final score (with winner)  
* 3 points: Total combined sacks recorded by both teams
* 1 point: Total RAVENS field goals

#Good luck!"
"27-22 Ravens

9 combined sacks

3 Ravens field goals"
"47 - 6 Ravens

9 sacks

1 FG

Bonus: Heisman package leads to a TD"
"37-34 Ravens

6 sacks

3 FGS"
"30-25 ravens

7 total sacks

3 ravens FGs"
"34-24 Ravens

8 combined sacks

2 Ravens field goals"
"Ravens 27- 16 

7 total sacks 

2 Raven field goals"
"31-27 Ravens

9 sacks

1 Ravens field goal"
"27-24 Ravens

7 sacks

2 field goals"
"27-24 ravens

8 total sacks

2 ravens field goals"
"33-27 Ravens
9 combined sacks
3 Ravens field goals 

Justin Tucker comes in clutch once again to push our 3pt lead to 6 with 20 seconds left in Q4"
"31-30 ravens

5 Sacks

1 FG"
"31-27 Squeelers

6 sacks

2 FG"
"30-27 Ravens

Sacks - 7

Ravens FGs - 2"
"Almost forgot to do this lol

31- 30 Shitsburgh

5 Combined sacks

3 Ravens field goal"
"28-31 shitsburgh

5 sacks

3 ravens field goals.


I've been doing so bad in these predictions that I'm confident we'll win."
[deleted]
Good lord the explosive first step of #95
"I remember this game! 37-0 beatdown in super bowl season. One of the beatiest beatdowns in Ravens History, just went through the pro football reference, prior to a 2 minute drive which netted the bengals a whopping 30 yards, the Ravens defense had given up -4 yards to the Bengals. edit: (had gained 4 yards on the Bengals offense?)

Cincy finished the game with 4 rushing yards, 94 total yards. Pro Bowler Corey Dillon had 12 carries for 9 yards."
[deleted]
I got a second hand concussion from watching this.
Number 71 could do nothing but watch.
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/klxlfzh559u51.gif?format=mp4&s=20b7c133755df3876b00b241fe459157f519195a)

---
This mp4 version is 96.81% smaller than the gif (553.41 KB vs 16.92 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
i was at this game and sitting to the left of the line of scrimmage... god that was an amazing hit.  i still remember it.
Nsfw
He gone.
Reminds me of that Bart Scott sack on Big Ben years back
"I’m Aaron, I grew up in Miami, FL. Basically since 2010, I’ve been a diehard ravens fan because I grew up watching Ray Lewis, because at the time that was the only player I knew in football because we are all hurricanes fans and him and Ed Reed are hurricanes. I grew into watching him, so that what makes me a fan today. I just hate saying this true story cause now, especially where I’m from, everyone thinks I’m a bandwagon lol. Anyways since everyone in Miami watches soccer and are dolphins fans, I’m just trying to be a part of the flock nation community, and I think I passed the test of entry 😂. And yes, fuck the Steelers, browns, bengals, and pats. Hate them all and always will."
Ten years of watching this team? You're not a bandwagoner. Sending truzz from Baltimore.
You've supported two of our greatest players (which happen to hail from the powerhouse school in your area) and you've supported for a decade? Hell nah you ain't a bandwagoner. Truzzzzzz
Big Truzz
"Same here man, Ravens fan from Miami."
I mean I always see people saying we need better wide receivers. Yeah he’s young and has been a bit injury prone but he’s an elite wr when healthy and we could probably get him fairly cheap
He’s a faster Breshad Perriman.
We have speedy WRs in Duvernay and Hollywood. WR speed isn't a problem. We don't know how to use them.
like others have said he’s basically just a hollywood/duvernay clone. we need a big body wr 1 who will go up and make plays for lamar
I wouldn't give up any draft capital at all for John Ross.
Im not so sure we would use him much better then Cin. We need to get Hollywood and Duv more involved as is. I want crispy route runner with good hands or an Anquan Boldin who can just take your lunch money.
"In what world has John Ross been ""elite"" in the NFL?  He can't catch, run routes, or stay healthy.  His only redeeming quality is his speed."
O-Line and Pass Rush should be our priorities.
"All I gotta say is LOL. This dude is just fast and got abused by pac-12 corners.

Just like Sidney Jones they were insanely hyped players who do not pass the eye test.

Ross gets abused by press corners"
"I'll pass on john ross...AJ green might be available though, he's a biger target can stretch the field some and he is  unhappy in cincy. I also like Auden Tate  if we're just trying to get someone from the bengals"
"I'd rather put the chips in on Julio tbh, it looks like Atlanta may be hitting the reset sooner than later with him and Ryan being shopped"
Ill take one Carlos Dunlap please.
No thank you. We already have “that guy”. Give me Corey Davis please
"We need a big body dude that Lamar just has to get the ball near, and he goes up and gets it.  *cough Julio cough Dez cough AB*

Not a small body track star."
"I hated when PI was reviewable last year, so I certainly don't want to go back to that, but that call was absurd and it wasn't the only one this week were an offensive player drove through a defender who was in an established position and somehow was not only flagged for OPI, but got the DPI call. I don't know what the solution is, but these calls are driving me insane. Defenders are playing their hearts out only to have flag ball determine the outcome of plays."
"2 of those 3 RTP calls were bullshit too. Sunday felt weird for penalties, I thought the refs were mostly letting guys play this year"
"Eagles covered the spread, just saying"
"PI reviews was a great rule that was badly enforced on purpose so it could be taken out. It was there to prevent exactly this kind of shit. The solution is very simple, put PI reviewable and actually enforce it correctly this time"
I know something like 95% of the PI calls last year weren't overturned but I liked the fact that you could challenge it. That was pretty blatantly not PI.
I thought the refs really kept the Eagles in the game tbh
"Any defensive position is the hardest position to play right now. Player safety should come first, but a lot of these defenders are afraid to tackle or break up passes out of fear of flags. 

That sideline rushing TD Mahomes in the AFC Championship game only happened because all of those defenders were afraid they were gonna get an unnecessary rough call  because he was so close to the sidelines. 

I think people aren’t talking about that BS RTP called on Calais. Do they expect Calais to just phase through Wentz as soon as the ball is gone? Players have momentum when they’re going so fast and obviously they can’t stop a tackle mid way"
"You know what's BS? Peters letting hightower past him in 1Q that almost resulted in a TD if Jimmy didn't break it up on the right sideline.

Or Peters letting go of his man and him and humphrey trying to block a TD before the next series with the PI.

As well as the fact the Ravens offense only burned 30 seconds off the clock before that TD drive to put them at 28.

What about Jaylon Ferguson letting Croom by him wide open for a TD right end zone when he was the OLB in coverage supposed to cover the flat. Let the pass sail by him.

We made stupid mistakes and penalties, one PI wasn't the difference."
The entire game was nothing but needless penalties that was just the cherry
"I'm not an expert and you can blame the o line for being sloppy, but I saw a lot of valid questions going around during that game. How do you get flagged multiple times for an ineligible receiver? Are the refs just not listening to hardbaugh declare players? Why did the eagles get away with running pick routes? Didn't it seem like the eagles o line was doing a lot of holding? I don't know. I just couldn't shake the feeling that the Ravens won basically every play they ran but it made no difference."
"He’s had a few mentions over the season, but can any film junkie fill out his resume?"
"I think he's got a ways to go. Personally he's slow on coverage plays and a step behind on sacks, imo. 

We haven't seen him be a force in interior rush either. He's got a ways to go and we have him under contract but the 2nd half of the season and next year are big for him."
"He’s taken a step forward.  If you put any faith into PFF ratings, he’s our 4th best rated defender behind Marlon, Jimmy, and Calais.  

I feel that the knocks on him coming out of the draft are showing to be true.  He is a little slow footed.  He was a project coming out of college.  He was a healthy scratch in the beginning of last year.  I think he’s definitely taken a step forward.  Does that mean he should be an every down defender, not yet"
"I think adding guys like Campbell and Queen has helped him make a progression this season, but again where he has shined it was against the not so great teams"
He’s played well as a rotational piece which is probably what you want at this point from a 4th round pick
ASAP Ferg is gonna figure it out
"I think he will be our best edge rusher next year. Watching the games I've seen him flash a few times.

Yes, he's still a step or two slow this year. I'm betting that improves with a little more experience, more strength and better technique."
Sack Daddy under development.
"Guess who has the most points for? 

Guess who has the 2nd least points against, and  least PA for teams who’ve played all 6 games? 

Guess who has the best net points in the league? 

If you answered Ravens, you’re correct! 

If you’re complaining about being 5-1 gtfo! 

It’s a long season, and our MVP QB is younger than Joe Burrow. 

Let’s band together, and cheer this team on instead of complaining we’re not blowing out teams by 40 points!"
"I can't stand these posts. We aren't blind, there are still things to fix.

Why is **any criticism** met with blind optimism like **hurr sure we're 5-1 you chodes, gtfo!! sb choo choo**

Just useless threads"
"We get it, they're ranked highly. But anyone with a brain can see that things are *off*.  You think Harbaugh is happy with the Eagles game despite what they're ranked? Doubt it. 

Point being, we were mostly ranked #1 across the board and still got embarrassed last year by the Titans and have already been stomped again this year by the Chiefs. 

Stats, awards, and records mean nothing if you can't win in the playoffs and this team hasn't looked like a playoff team yet. I'm not saying burn it all down but I'm not going to get my hopes up based off of what we've seen so far.  Ask me again in a few weeks once we've seen what they can do against the Steelers & Titans."
"Not to be a Debbie downer, but it's healthy to be aware of flaws and wish for them to improve. Yes, it's impressive that were 5 - 1, but it's plain to see that we've been beating up bad teams. I think something that gets lost though is that we are a bit privileged to be able to have a strong record while being able to point out flaws."
"Another “let’s not worry because these misleading stats tell us we are fine” post. Watch the game, not the box score."
"I'd like to see us use some unbalanced formations on the oline. move the pocket in the pass game, sprint outs and stuff. I think they'll take the time to add in some wrinkles"
"IIRC we usually come out of the bye week strong.  This team is 5--1, which is very good, but there is room for improvement and I am sure they know it."
""
"Was just going to post about this, can we afford him? After the ET cut we are sitting at 17M? Would that cover his contract? Or would we have to trade a player and picks for him to free up some money?"
Tom Pelissero just said it’s highly unlikely Julio gets traded. Massive contract and massive cap implications. Things we don’t typically do
"(edit: see response from u/ICantSpellAnythign)

He has a cap hit of $20 million next year, the year after that, and the year after that. From that perspective, it’s probably a long shot that EDC is actually considering it. Also, I can’t imagine a first rounder wouldn’t be necessary, and there’s no chance the Ravens trade their first, for good reason."
"As dope as it would be, there is 0 chance.

We can't take on his contract, he has a 20.4m cap hit"
if DeCosta got fucking JULIO i would build him a statue myself
Dont get my hopes up
Do we even have the cap space for Julio??
"Julio would obviously be amazing but his contract alone and what the Falcons would want in return make the deal highly unlikely. A deal that *would* make a whole lot of sense is **Michael Gallup**. 

He's still got a year left on his rookie deal and I don't think it would take more than a 2nd and possibly a late-round pick to acquire him. He's got good size and can separate at all levels."
Julio will get traded and I wish it would be to us but I give it like 6 percent chance
Id rather see alex mack from atl but if edc figures out a way to afford julio im all for it
It just isn’t gonna happen.. EDC isn’t giving up a first rounder for almost anyone. No sense getting hopes up lol. It’s also financially impossible to trade Matt Ryan with his contract. It’s all just rumors to get clicks.
"I think a more realistic option is AJ Green. He still has a lot of talent and we could get him for a lot less. With the limited targets either of these guys would get here I don’t think Julio would be outrageously more productive than Green.

I think he could be this years 5th round pick trade that turns the team around"
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jet5qw)"
"The answer should actually be Marquise Brown, because as quality of a WR as he is, he’s just not a WR1 for us. Granted, we aren’t using him to his strengths this year, so it’s not all on him. 

The consistent chain-moving WR we’ve been lacking for years isn’t on the team. Duv is super explosive but can’t be relied on yet to suddenly unlock our pass game. We need someone to consistently get open, and fight for more yardage. THEN Lamar may actually be able to get and stay in a rhythm, which hopefully calms his jitters and improves his touch on deep throws to Brown."
"This thread showcases the issue with the wr group. We barely have a #1 receiver to begin with. 

Let's go over the people in the poll. Boykin has just been called out by both his head coach and positional coach for not knowing what the fuck he's doing. Duvernay and Proche are rookies with unknown abilities and Willie Snead is a #3 WR at best on most teams.

Literally the only starting caliber player in the group is Hollywood and he's 5'9.

We're one of the worst in the league in that department.

And its all headed by a qb off his game and a bad OC."
"Looking at the snap counts, I'm pretty sure Duvernay is moving up. Maybe not #2 yet, but he will be #3 within a couple games if I had to bet. 

[https://subscribers.footballguys.com/teams/teampage-rav-6.php](https://subscribers.footballguys.com/teams/teampage-rav-6.php)"
Duvernay should be WR3 and if he excels as that guy he should be WR2.
[removed]
It's so frustrating watching our vanilla ass passing scheme. With how varied our running game can be its like we're playing with one hand tied behind our back.
I think Brown is a fine #1 but we don't have anyone else so they just double down on him
Who SHOULD be our #2? Boykin. Big body that can go up on contested catches. Who is realistically? Duvernay
Good lord this sub can be so dumb sometimes. Duvernay doesn’t have a route tree. At all. He’s explosive and id love to create ways to get him the ball but he’s not a wr2 yet.
Trade for Corey Davis please
"If we get a true number one, Hollywood becomes Calvin Ridley as a #2 and there’s nothing wrong with that."
"As of now Duv.
He has been pretty consistent and is good with the ball in his hand"
Willie Snead doesn’t get enough criticism for being useless.
"probably me

i been working on my one hand catches"
Id like us to go get Devante Parker from the Dolphins. Think he’d be on the cheaper side and is a very talented player also from Louisville
"Eagles fans are the worst thought. We came in full ravens gear and they booed us but we ignored them.(I AM JOKING that is not why they are the worst)

View from our seats https://imgur.com/p0c02Tv

It was a really nice day for a game weather wise. They had people keeping an eye on fans that didn't have their mask on properly.

The game was a little too close for me but I know they didn't get a preseason this year but I am still hopeful we an pull it off."
If you thought you were going to go into Philly wearing the opposing teams gear and not get shit on you were sadly mistaken.  You're lucky you came out in one piece. They boo their own team.  They threw batteries at Santa Claus.
There was a big fight in the stands that was recorded and went viral. Glad that it wasn't near you.
"I hope you weren't near the air horn guy.  That almost ruined the broadcast, heaven knows what being near him was like."
"I have known three Eagles fans in my life; one childhood friend, a friend I met later in life and a former coworker. They're all great guys. But holy shit, all other Philly fans are awful. 

I went to the HoF when Ray get inducted, which was the summer after the Eagles won the Super Bowl and Brian Dawkins was inducted as well. I was very excited for my friends and had rooted for the Eagles, so when we got there and saw so many Eagles fans,, I thought it was cool. Walking through the museum, it was packed and the first E-A-G-L-E-S, EAGLES broke out and my now-wife and I looked at each other in a ""Oh, that's fun!"" kind of way. But by the 50TH. FUCKING. TIME. we heard it throughout the day, we were so fucking done. Like, OKAY WE GET IT. YOU'RE OBNOXIOUS. I knew their reputation and it still didn't do them any justice.

I can't imagine going to a game in that stadium, even with a heavily limited capacity. You're much stronger than I."
"> They had people keeping an eye on fans that didn't have their mask on properly.

Sure didn't seem like it, based on what I saw on TV"
"I've heard tons of horror stories of Pittsburgh fans and Baltimore fans going to Philly games and having beer thrown at them, guards warning them to not stand in certain areas because fans have been known to piss on people, being jumped in the parking lot, ect. 

Glad you had a good time :)"
"> Eagles fans are the worst thought. We came in full ravens gear and they booed us 

Seriously, you think that makes them ""the worst?"" Its not exactly classy, but its Philly, what the heck did you expect?"
[deleted]
No. we will use him to block on the second level until we have enough better options to cut him.
""
nice
""
"this is a good article, uses some convincing breakdowns of stats to make their argument and identify why our offensive issues can be adjusted, instead of simply looking at overall decrease in production and acting all doom and gloom. 

The bit about our rushing efficiency (by inside/outside the numbers) being roughly the same as last year but really the *percentage* of outside vs inside runs has significantly changed - that was new information to me."
"IMO, the most interesting tidbit from this article had to do with the passing game. All of the passing game's regression can essentially be traced back to 1 formation; Empty.

Lamar's drop off in performance (EPA) when playing out of empty this year (first in 2019, last in 2020) is shocking. Lamar definitely has to play better out of that alignment. He needs to handle the blitz better which is wild... He was one of the best in the league at handling blitzes last yr.

I think the weird looks our offense has been getting from other teams might be affecting his ability to see the field out of empty sets this yr.

This seems like something lamar and the Ravens' OC will have to solve. Shelving the empty set would improve the offense but would also cap its ceiling."
i think Lamar and the O-line should do some acid and watch 2001 space odyssey and he'll fix all the issues
"This makes me feel a little better. First, it’s not a total disaster and there are things that are as good as last year. Second, it seems like the few areas of concern can be improved by varying the option read (keep vs. give) and Lamar making better decision against empty blitzes. Easier said than done, but there it is. Third, our defense and special teams are balling out so we don’t need the 2019 offense to be contenders (if we ignore the fact that the Chiefs exist but that’s a January problem).

We are still going to see defenses attack the interior of our line. We also still have issues with receivers running routes, getting open, and making catches (which is weird because it’s 90% the same guys). Short of making some personnel changes (or trades), the coaching staff is just going to have to find a way to deal with that and the players need to step up."
"Solid article. Certainly agree that the Ravens should run more plays that end with Lamar in space. More Power Read/Inverted Veer plays, please."
I've become really entitled with this team. Raven's floor is the ceiling for most teams.
"As the Ravens enter their bye week this week, I'm sure EDC will be back on the trade market/working free agency. Wanted to hear the sub's thoughts about some potential players we might target in the coming weeks.



**WRs/Pass-Catchers**

Julio Jones - Highly doubt he's *actually* that available. Sounds more like Twitter hot-take artists. Feels like an unnecessarily expensive long shot.

OBJ/Njoku/JuJu/AJ Green/John Ross - Even *if* they were available, AFC North teams aren't trading with us. Skip.

Evan Engram/Michael Gallup/Terry McLaurin - Solid players, would definitely be upgrades/solid additions to our receiving core. I do feel like it'll be costly to take players from teams in the playoff hunt (NFC East lol)

Will Fuller/Kenny Stills - The Texans are a hot mess, and both of these players would be nice to see in purple and black. Houston *should* be a fire sale team, but I don't trust their (lack of a) FO to make decisions in their best interests. Shouldn't be too expensive.

Kenny Golladay/Marvin Jones - Ditto with the Lions. Would a third rounder net Golladay?

Jamison Crowder - Pass. Older version of Hollywood.

Dez Bryant - Solid veteran presence in the WR room. Unsure why we passed on him earlier in the season. Great at the right price.

Antonio Brown - Theoretically a locker room headache? After his suspension/not playing football for more than a year, he has to have mellowed out by now. *I* remember him in \*ittsburgh. Worth a flyer, right?

**Offensive Line/Pass Rush/Secondary**

Maybe Alex Mack on the Falcons for the iOL. Offensive line is *such* a hard position to fill in-season, but the Marshal Yanda-sized hole on offense is *massive*. If he's on the table, I'd love Mack on our team.

Tony Jefferson or Brandon Carr would be solid free agent additions for our snake-bitten secondary. We need all the help we can get back there with little to no push up front.

Is JJ Watt available? Without Bill O'Brien at the helm, I think we'd have to make an *actual* trade to steal him from the Texans. But they make weird decisions down in Houston. Anything's possible, I guess. Takk McKinley and Melvin Ingram would be cheaper options. 



Feel free to reply with other players. I'll add them to my list with my thoughts."
Who In their right mind thinks the steelers or browns are trading us OBJ or JuJu lmao what
"I honestly think Michael Gallup is an option considering Dallas needs more on the defensive end. His contract from what I can tell is extremely cheap (in his 3nd year, salary is under a million in 2020 and 2021). In terms of what we would trade them not sure."
"**iOL targets** (Contract expires end of season)

* Joe Thuney 
* Brandon Sherff

**Pass Rush Targets (** Contracts expire end of season)

*  Takkarist McKinley 
* Leonard Williams
* Ryan Anderson

**Wide Receiver Targets**  (Contracts expire end of season)

* Marvin Jones
* Kenny Stills
* Will Fuller
* Chris Godwin
* Kenny Golladay"
If we could get Golladay that would be huge. I saw the other day that the Lions havent talked about extending him. He's underrated
"My pick is Corey Davis. He hasn’t lived up to his draft capital but I think that’s 90 percent because of Mariota. The Titans already decided not to exercise his 5th year option. That tells me they’re ready for him to hit free agency next year. So why not trade him now to get something for him. Also, Aj Brown has already to be the teams one. And they’ve been winning without him. But they are a contender and could be willing just to use him while they got him if they think it gives them the best shot to win this year. So if he’s not traded we should for sure go after him in free agency."
"I like Brandon Carr coming back *if* any more DB’s get hurt. Right now they still have Humphrey, Peters, Smith, Clark, and Elliot healthy (Young, Averett hurt), plus a couple other back up level players, so it’s not necessary yet. But if someone else gets hurt, Carr would be a perfect pick up for cheap."
Melvin ingram
"Every name listed in the first 2 bullets have no chance of happening.

No afc north teams are helping us out and Teams in the playoff hunt don't trade away good players or young players."
"I like the two options that wouldn’t cost us draft pics on the offensive side.

Bryant and Brown.

Would love to see Carr back for added depth especially since Averett is down 5-6 weeks or more."
Nobody talking about Devante Parker of the Miami Dolphins as a possible trade target. The man is relatively inexpensive and would be a massive upgrade at the X position.
Timmy Jernigan just got released by the Broncos.   Is his body still in working condition?
"I think JJ Watt makes a ton of sense, maybe for a 3rd. Pass rusher is the only position I see us trading for realistically, no one is giving up a G worth trading for, not that we can afford. Wr makes 0 sense to me, would rather try AB out for a few weeks if that is what the team thinks we need, no investment there and no cap hit. As our key players get paid we will need our draft capital to restock"
[deleted]
"What team just jumps out to you? For no reason at all, but your just drawn to them? If there’s a team, root for them. You’re heart won’t be in otherwise."
"Just pick a team. I barely started watching football last year and fell in love with the ravens after Lamar's whole ""not bad for a running back"" bit. From then on I did more research about the team's history and stuff to get a better understanding of them. Ravens are well run organization so you can't really go wrong about picking them. Plus they have a promising young team."
"Then all four QB's from the 2011 AFC North will still be starting **nine years later**: Joe Flacco, Andy Dalton, Ben Rothelisberger, and Colt McCoy."
What's the reasoning in benching him?
“Starting again” may be more appropriate then “still starting”
Watching the press conferences this year in comparison to last years it just seems like the players aren’t having fun like they did just last season. Anyone else notice that?
"Expectations are super high + COVID + social climate + No fans.

Something like that."
"I’m sure in a lot of ways they’re not. There’s no fans, so tgst has to change the fun factor at least slightly. They’re also not in a room with reporters while speaking so you lose some p2p communication there. Not being around ppl you’re probably less likely to be silly or funny since it’s just not the same as having an audience. And finally, this isn’t last season. Last season was magical, snd it was the first run for THIS team, Lamars team."
"is anyone having fun this year, like in the world? the world has gone to shit this year and there are no fans to hype them up its just everyone is down everywhere. there are a ton of factors and I'm sure every team is feeling it in some way."
Before last season we were kind of in rebuild mode. Now were superbowl contenders. For real though i need ingram to start hyping it up
""
"He can't hear the call? In 2020 where there is virtually no crowd noise?

Work out some hand signals or something, man. This is just embarrassing."
"""Tinnitus is a cruel mistress!!!!"" - me, Sterling Archer, and Miles Boykin probably"
For a team that can't develop WR's we sure pick a LOT of developmental WR's...
This reminds me of the time I totally blew a coverage in high school football... came off the field and told my coach I couldn’t hear the play call.
Imagine drafting a deaf WR......
I feel like everyone just making excuses now.
"Or maybe he just isn’t good? Come the fuck on, Ravens always make excuses for shitty WR busts that never amount to anything."
There's no way he just didn't hear the call. He's had one of these plays in every game of the season so far and that's just the ones that get noticed because Lamar threw at him.
That now makes 2 coaches publically calling him out...
"Put this dude at TE please. It’ll let us run 3 TE sets again, it’ll allow him to run simpler routes across the middle instead of having to create separation on the outside, and he’s a good blocker with good hands anyway. Send him to Golden Corral for an afternoon and trade for a real WR1 to put opposite Hollywood."
"So when he lines up does he just wing it? Would it kill the man to say ""HUH?!?""

No, much better to embarrass himself on tv."
In which case get the man a hearing aid
"More like “boy, can he hear?”"
Hard to imagine he sees the field much more if it keeps happening. I get not wanting to give up on a draft pick but let him split reps with Duvernay or something.
**THERE'S LITERALLY NO CROWD...**
"""That's to the Left, right?""  
\-""No, it's to the Right""   


""IT'S TO THE LEFT""   


""Damn Lamar, you gotta talk quiet or the defense going to hear you"""
I've never been a big fan of Boykin. We drafted 2 rookies this year that seem to be producing at a much faster rate.
"Ravens pass game coordinator David Culley said that the miscommunication instances between Lamar Jackson and Miles Boykin more a matter of Boykin not hearing the correct play call/adjustment. Not a matter of Boykin not knowing playbook or routes.

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
The Team is just as good as last season but with a better defense. Once they get rolling and some confidence under their belt they'll be clicking like last season. Truzzzzz.
Lamar needs confidence in his oline. Only trade i really want to see this year
"i don’t think it’s as dire as some have said but there’s definitely some concerning issues.

we need another pass catcher that is remotely reliable. boykin, snead and boyle are absolute JAGs and are at best replacement level. just one good WR would go a long way. i remember being told Tee higgins wasn’t that good and just imagine how much better we’d be with him

i love mark ingram but he’s just not it anymore. i hope after the bye we turn to gus and dobbins near exclusively.

our o line has regressed largely due to yanda leaving but they need to step up.

we give QBs too much time and our pass rush is very weak"
Although I’m not as confident in that this team is as good as last years squad....it is wild to see the media act like the Ravens are 1-5 instead of 5-1
I just want them to start saying truzz again so I know all is well.
EVERYONE JUST STAY FUCKING CALM!!
"Agree. It's basically the same team, we've improved with Queen, but losing Yanda has been big - especially for a team who rely on the run game"
"Oh look, another calm down post."
"While I agree everyone needs to calm the fuck down lol I would like to see a trade for someone like Gallup and/or an improved OLine guy. Last year our defense was balls until EDC brought in Fort and Peters. Those additions put us over the top and helped things click, same as a good offense trade this year will help."
""
[removed]
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jf3ei5)"
it's funny because 49ers fans warned us about him when he got promoted. the offense looks great then it goes to shit and he doesn't change. didn't think much of it but it really came true
I think he needs a passing game coordinator that can be in his ear on damn near every playcall. His runs are great but the passing leaves alot to be desired and guys are sitting on routes before they even develop
"So I watched his Bills teams with Tyrod and Rex and I'm seeing a lot of the same kind of shit that got him fired there.

In 2016 he started getting REAL cute with the running game and refused to run McCoy between the Tackles which prompted everyone to start wondering if McCoy had just lost a step. As soon as Roman left their running game started skyrocketing under Anthony Lynn.

He has the potential to be a great OC, but he's got to stop overthinking some of these plays."
I think Roman should give Lamar a lot of latitude at the line of scrimmage. I’d like to see more audibles etc that Lamar comes up with on the fly. He’s obviously got a great football IQ - let’s see what he comes up with.
Our offense last season shook the pillars of heaven it was so awesome.   Changing OCs might ruin Jackson--and none of us want that.
"He is essentially the Duel Threat guru, and is absolutely masterful at installing run friendly offenses, play design, and developing Scramblers.... But boy does this guy stink at play calling. If our opening game script goes to shit in the slightest way, we immediately forget our identity.."
"I think his play calling is the only issue. Abandoning the run as soon as we're down is a bad trend, and makes us very easy to defend.

Other than that, I think his schemes work, and just aren't being executed well. Missed throws, some bad receiver/TE play at times, bad blocking up front, it all stacks up to look like bad plays. Guys are open in the passing game, and we're not hitting them. And the running back rotation is not helping those guys out. We need to stick with on of them, and get Lamar going in the RPO offense again."
Well this is unanimous
"I think he’s great at drawing up run plays and options, but I don’t love him as our OC. He’s better suited for the Run Game Coordinator role"
""
What paint did you use? I have an old shark helmet from my university days that I would love to do this to.
"Looks great! My only critique would that it looks like you used a sold purple stripe down the middle. The Ravens helmets have [two tapered purple stripes](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ed_Reed#/media/File%3AEd_reed_ravens2012.jpg) on the front.

Or maybe you got it right. It’s hard to tell from this angle."
""
He plays DT as well? Had no idea wow
[deleted]
Does OP have aids? 😬
Madden 21 just made him do a backflip after stuffing Derrick Henry in the backfield. I would do [A LOT OF] things to see that IRL.
I would pay to see anyone on our team stuff Derrick Henry for a change lol
"For every 10 Derrick Henry stuffs, he breaks off a 50+ yard TD. Gotta respect the dude. He is literally a running tank"
If you meet mark outside the bank I’m sure he’ll make you do a backflip
Couldn’t pierce do a backflip? Or was it Williams? I know we had a big man who could do one lol. But Calais is next level big
"&#x200B;

https://reddit.com/link/jf5gq9/video/j8kdijm47du51/player

***Link here as well:*** [Lamar Jackson 37-yard TD](https://www.nfl.com/videos/ravens-run-bash-to-perfection-on-lamar-jackson-s-37-yard-td-sprint)

Hey guys, I do film breakdowns of the Eagles, as well as impact plays each week around this league. This play stuck out to me - yet another instance of Greg Roman absolutely destroying a front's run keys.

Ravens are running a Counter Read from 11 personnel, and this design is freaking brilliant. First, the motion, which serves two purposes:

* It confirms man coverage, which is what a counter play is perfectly suited to attack, especially man match. You'll see post-snap that the two LBs are effectively playing 2x1 on (""funneling"") Dobbins, which causes them to be late reading their keys. Singleton, in particular, is so concerned about Dobbins releasing to his side in pass coverage that he completely blows his run fit.
* It also creates an extra gap playside, which effectively eliminates the force defender McLeod from the play. McLeod has to maintain outside leverage at all costs, so he has to shift outside the TE Andrews, and this eliminates a man from the box.

Combine that with the fact that the read key Sweat aggressively crashes upfield, defining Jackson's read and you now have a 5-on-4 situation with McLeod, Singleton, and Sweat being eliminated from the play.

Furthermore, playside (to the center's right), you have four gaps for three defenders to defend. Hargrave does an okay job playing his gap, and Graham  initially does yeoman's work taking on the first puller Skura to keep Gerry clean, but Graham is no match for the pull by Ronnie Stanley. Stanley beautifully seals off the C-gap, and the LB responsible for scraping from the backside (Singleton) is nowhere to be found because he's chasing Dobbins all the way opposite of the play.

I get my Eagles have insanely limited personnel at LB - and that's being kind - but I'll tip my cap where it due. This is an awesome scheme by Greg Roman, and it's executed beautifully.

Hope you enjoy! Let me know if you want to see any more Ravens-centric breakdowns!"
Your link isn't working for me. Good read though
How do you get to watch film like that?
Nice breakdown. Thanks a lot for typing that up
What do you make of the fact that the first pulling lineman doesn't even block anyone?  Is that the correct move by him to let the second pulling lineman pick up the defender in the backfield?  Not sure exactly what is going on there.
I can't get either video to play. nfl.com has always been a nightmare.
[deleted]
That's heat. Where'd you get it at brotha .?
""
"Coach Evans of Sip2Tally Films joins me to discuss the Ravens offense vs the Eagles, including:

* A deep dive into the OL scoring and what each of us would like as a plan at RG
* Why the RG position isn't a simple question of who the best player for 2020 is
* Why coach thinks the Ravens have not shown as much as they need to for Marquise Brown
* A discussion of Miles Boykin and ""trust"" throws
* MVPs and mailbag"
"I think a decent amount of the reduced success of the running game is down to the RG play, but I still think the biggest factor is that we’re running a lot less read option than last season. Yet we’ve still run some read option on high leverage downs (like Lamar’s TD run this past week).

My question for you is: how much of the reduced usage of the read option is down to Roman moving away from it from a long-term gameplanning perspective, and how much is just the Ravens not wanting to risk Lamar’s health in games they feel they can win anyway?

I personally think that we’ll see more read option as the schedule gets tougher, and that the running game will look better when we do."
""
"https://www.nfl.com/standings/

We at +75

2nd is 62 AKA steelers"
True but we got stunted on by the only good team we’ve played. We’ll know more about how good we really are after we play the Steelers and Titans.
"He continued with: “I’m not going to try to coach him out of making a consistent, accurate throw. If it occurs to his brain to throw into a window that not many people can do and throw a little sidearm ... then I'm not concerned about the arm angle.""

[Jamison Hensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1318587978718105600?s=21)"
Yeah the difference in throws with a good wide base and when he gets toesy is night and day.
"I don't care how he throws it as long as it's accurate and necessary given the situation. So far though he's ranked near the bottom of the barrel when it comes to passes of 15+ yards. I think he's ranked 27th, and the names below him aren't good."
His base has always been his core criticism around his mechanics. We still see those issues occur today.
"This is 100% the right answer too. I’m a little concerned about Lamar’s not getting the ball up and putting touch on it, but that’s a lot of base too. 

Fix the base and you’ll fix any throwing issues he has. The problem isn’t with his arm."
lol shade
"The difference between Lamar and the other players (Mahomes) is accuracy. If your normal throwing mechanics don't result in high percentage passing, how is dropping your arm gonna help? Whatever he did mecahnics-wise in 2019, he needs to get back to that."
Knowing absolutely nothing about professional quarterbacking I can not at all confidently say that Lamar is bailing out of too many clean pockets. He’s doing the baker mayfield thing and he’s actually a significantly worse passer when on the run.
"He’s completed plenty of passes that wouldn’t have been completed if he didn’t sidearm the throw so it really blows my mind when people say he needs to stop doing that all together. 

That being said, he still doesn’t step into his throws when he should sometimes and he’ll miss some easy passes as a result. I’m 100% not on the “Lamar can’t throw” bandwagon but he’s missing a good amount of throws that he didn’t miss last year and that’s just a fact. He’ll be the first one to tell you he needs to get better. Not working with a specialized QB coach during this past offseason (obviously he couldn’t bc covid) seemed to hurt his mechanics but our coaches need to work with him to correct them.

It’s also only week 7 and there’s plenty of time to improve. He got better as the season went on last year and that alone is enough of a reason for me to stay optimistic"
"I'm not as complex as Jackson's QB coach so I can't give the breakdown that he does. All I know is when Patrick Mahomes throws sidearm it's generally on the money, and when Lamar Jackson throws sidearm he can miss wide open guys."
""
Need a t shirt with this!!
"Beautiful. That's my top 2 CB!

p.s. He's not #2"
I freaking love it
""
"I think you meant DPOW, I can only hope he continues to play well enough to win DPOY."
"I'd say Queen and Campbell were the two big additions to the defense from the offseason and both have already won DPOW awards in the first 6 games. 

DeCosta is so good at his job."
He was harassing the shit out of Wentz.
""
Got overzealous and said DPOY in previous thread.
2 weeks in a row the ravens have a DPOW
Two consecutive DPOW!
I don’t know how I ended up subscribed to this subreddit but I’m ALL about it.
"It really frustrates me when people say our pass rushing is awful. Yes, maybe the other guys have been underperforming (until recently) but Campbell has been consistent from putting pressure on QBs to batting balls and he usually is double teamed. We have an all-pro pass rusher (even made the all decade team) and he is also a great teammate and even better person who is a treasure to the community (he won the Walter Payton award). I wish more people here would feel as grateful to have him like I do."
Well Earned!
"Say what you want but it seems that this season is more about defense than it is offense. We've bolstered our defense which had glaring issues, and traditionally we were always known for defense. Defense wins championships. Like someone (I think Harbaugh?) said, teams usually are more buttoned up by mid November. Without fans and without a preseason, we are sitting at 5-1. Let's be more optimistic, we have a great head coach, great personnel, and front office. Expect big moves coming prior to the trade deadline. They know our time to win is now. We will not falter and expect a good game after our bye week."
His size and him sounding like the giant monster in a kids movie has always made him one of my favorite players. Never thought he'd end up in Baltimore. For a 5th
"https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2020/10/21/eagles-release-jamon-brown-sign-jason-croom-off-practice-squad/

Calais ruining careers out here..."
"Since the beginning of the season I've told my boyfriend I want a Calais Campbell jersey and he rolls his eyes and asks why (he's a Patriots fan ugh.) THIS IS WHY, BECAUSE HE'S A BEAST!!!!"
"Didnt you guys get him for a 5th round pick?

The jags are fucking stupid. I thought the same when the trade happened and now I feel validated"
Ca-Beast Campbell
Thought Budda would get it this week but this is even better!
""
2-0 as a starter for the Ravens!
"I remember we played you guys in Lambeau in 2001, the year after you won the SB. Farve vs Cunningham. I think you guys went 10-6 in 2001 and we were 12-4."
""
[I feel that this should get honorable mention](https://steelerswire-usatoday-com.cdn.ampproject.org/i/s/steelerswire.usatoday.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/76/2020/07/usatsi_13473597.jpg)
"My office neighbor is a Steelers fan.

The above picture has been my computer background since it occurred last year."
I'm in Harrisburg rn & everybody up here is either a eagles fan or a steelers fan... i hate it here lol. But imma love talking sh!t when we win!
I hope the Ravens cruise to a Division Title.
"They get tested this week & next. 

Can’t believe we both got easy schedules this season. I think after us the only play 1-2 playoff teams in the Bills & Dallas (lol @ dallas)

They can have the division of it gets us a super bowl ring!"
Is there a high def version of this. I love this picture and everything it entails
""
I wonder how long we will continue to see 5+ posts every time Butker misses a kick....
"Nobody fucks with Tuck, and that's me saying that as a Steelers fan. You can't help but respect the ever living shit out of him."
Will not tolerate Tucker erasure.
"The problem is people reacting when they don't even say that.  If an announcer calls another kicker the best or one of the best in the game right now, people seem to lose their shit.  Just need to give a rest, no one is out there dissing Tucker."
lol so true
Who would have the audacity?!
"If they disrespect the Tuck, they get..."
**I’m in this meme and I don’t like it.**
I’m a Steelers fan and this is me. I feel like we would know best so I take offense to it when I hear some asshat saying another guy is better than Tucker just because of this year.
More like [Ravens](https://tenor.com/view/laughing-gif-9612213) when any announcers/fans say Tucker isn't the best kicker.
"Yeah its so weird that people dont consider him the best to ever do it. Hes doing great now and during his prime he was unstoppable. Do i think hes the best right now, no. But I'd say theres no one as elite as he is and especially no one whos even close to him as a career"
""
This was actually pretty fucking funny
"Wouldn't give him the 99 in accuracy, cowards."
I can not fathom how the people responsible for ratings gave Tucker an 87. That is so shocking to me. I think Tucker deserves a 99 more than any other player even in the history of the NFL because of how much better he is at his position than anyone else. I can’t think of a wider gap between the #1 and #2 for a position of all time as Tucker is for his position.
"Lol, I love that man."
[deleted]
I think the pats edge the Browns out
Your nfc predictions are hilarious. The Rams win 12 games and Seahawks go 15-1? The cowboys aren't winning 7 games.
"nah, you have the good teams winning way too many games. When was the last time we had SEVEN teams with 13+ wins? Has that ever happened?"
[deleted]
You guys think we’re one of them?
"Before the season started I was super against us going after him

Now...if we get him for a vet min and keep him on the shortest of leashes, then maybe I'd be ok with it."
Time to look in the mirror and be honest. This WR corps isnt going to cut it come January......the Ravens need AB like it or not. Every team got better and the Ravens got worse on O
You guys acting like AB will go on a shooting spree and murder our whole team if we sign him. He would be our best wide receiver immediately. We have nothing to lose by bringing him on.
I hope we are one of them. Let’s be honest here flock. Our offense is dull without Lamar and the chiefs will beat us 9/10 times with our current offense. We need a playmaker ASAP and seemingly the football gods are here to offer one. Risk need to be taken for any reward. This would be a super bowl move right here.
"He’s going to KC then. Because that’s how this works .

Or he goes to Seattle and we still have to hear about how Wilson has no weapons"
I'm not going to get my hopes up. I know his track record will scare away our FO. Not saying that's a bad thing but I do think his talent level is missing from our offense.
Mr. Baltimore cRavens
We already dealt with ET3 and we’re fine so I’m sure we can deal with AB. We need his talent out there
don't call it a cumback.
Somehow I don’t see it happening. I think the Ravens FO will kick the tires just to have their name out there but I’d be shocked if we made a serious push then on top of that we don’t know how much of a role the league office will have in deciding (or dictating) where he ends up. I’d love to have him and we need a playmaker desperately on offense to take attention away from Hollywood and Andrews. But we hardly never make offensive splashes. All other AFC powerhouses have playmakers but our FO never wants to pull the trigger on big name offensive weapons. It’s aggravating
"Mr Unlimmmmited and Mr Big Chest. 

That’ll really derail Russ’s “MVP Season”."
"Doubtful. Id love to have him. Idc about his personal horsehit actions. If he wants to play with the Florida boys on our squad, Im all for it. Would be great if he was here in time to shit on the Patriots."
"He's going to be on a one year prove it deal. If he has the pick of the litter, there's no chance he's choosing us. If Seattle wants him, that's where he will go."
With ties to lamar and Hollywood he'd want to be here as his comeback redemption/ vet status. We're a perfect team to have him.
"can someone sign him so i dont have to see this goddamn every day

stay away from this clown ffs"
Guys no let’s not sign this POS. Ownership has said they aren’t going to sign players with domestic abuse issues.
"Julio, AB, T.Y. ... these are just some of the names that should be available to us. Also Buffalo just cut their RG."
"It’s week 7, and I say we should it however I think he’d choose SEA- I’m sure he’d be excited to have Wilson throw him dimes Left and right."
The potential is huge but I just picture the fits when Lamar over throws him a couple times.
"Say what you will about AB's off the field stuff, he's one of the best receivers of all time and regarded as one of the hardest workers by coaches and team mates. We know our org doesn't tolerate cancers and let them affect the teams play, we know he is on very good terms with Lamar and Hollywood. Seems like a no brainer to me."
I would prefer oline help but thats me
I’m all for it we need a wr
Signing Antonio Brown would be a bad move
"I wouldn’t expect it. But even if I did, we’d likely end up cutting him anyway. He’s too toxic."
""
👀
"I just don’t think the “ cut him if he acts up “ logic is sound. In a vacuum , sure. But his cousin is on this team, and he has other supporters. If a situation got ugly, it would take a few weeks to decide it’s time to cut bait. Then, once he’s cut, how does Hollywood feel about that. How do his supporters view that. I just think it can get very messy. On top of that, we barely use the receivers we have. How do we get him enough balls, and still develop our young guys, without totally forcing this offense into something it’s not. I trust the org. And if they sign him, I’ll be excited of course. But I’m very trepidatious to say the least."
Classic Marvin
[deleted]
The team wants AB. We want AB. Big dick DeCosta needs to make a move.
"Awww shit, here we go again"
"I mean...all of the fans who act like we know more than the Ravens players do. Super shocked to see ET get cut, but there hasn’t been a huge drop off in morale or anything and ET had been malignant for at least 8 months. 

Lamar wants him. Hollywood more than likely wants him. Marlon wants him. The key players seem to be onboard. Why not give it a shot? If we want a realistic shot a title, these are the gambles that need to be made"
He’s coming.
Hell nah
"Doesn't he have more charges pending or is it civil only?


I'm adamantly against signing him but as always, I trust EDC."
This couple with what LJ Fort tweeted has me ready to bust a fat 🥜
"worth noting he's still under investigation by the nfl for sexual assault* which could even further his suspension, but moreover, should remind u his behavioral problems go way beyond being a minor locker room problem. he's a bad human being

if he took steps toward rehabilitation, then great let's take a shot. but if he's the same guy he's been, just one year older, no thanks."
It won’t happen because it makes way too much sense
"Think about it this way. We dealt with Earl all last season and it didnt impact the performance. If its too much they will cut ties and if I know EDC it would be a one year deal so no lingering cap hit.


Cannot deny his talent at all"
"Nah bro, I’m good."
I remember Ogden getting pissy with the team when we cut his brother
"If this teams leadership council can vote to have Earl Thomas removed then I trust them to make the right move on Antonio Bryant.

Case closed"
A lot of players tweeted at him or about this today.  Are they allowed to say anything?
"Marlon’s Best Chum
Maryland Bound Catcher
Makes Beleaguered Coaches"
"Why would we draft two WRs and then sign such a high profile player that hasn’t played in idek how long 

Why do people think we would draft someone as problematic as AB when we cut Earl for less?

Why would do people say we are a run first offense, but are so adamant to get high profile receivers?"
I was a hard pass on AB but now I think it makes sense if only for the value of seeing what Lamar can do w a true #1.
"I feel like the Boykin well hasn't been tapped yet - like they need to feed that dude some catches to get him into the offense as more than just a blocker, more WRs isn't gonna do shit when we're barely using the ones we have.  My concerns with this offense are more about scheme than personnel through the first 6 weeks."
Bring AB to Baltimore!
People were downvoting like crazy when it was brought up before
[removed]
""
🧲🚪
LJ played for the Steelers while AB was there so.
"Look man, I get it, our WRs have looked really bad, and AB is a generational WR talent. Adding him would be a boon to our offense. 

That said, I feel like everyone has forgotten how indescribably insane AB became in 2019.

In the space of one year, he:

* Trashed one of his condos and threw furniture from the 14th floor, nearly killing a child
* Drove 100+ MPH down a 45 MPH road
* Threw multiple fits on the sideline during games where Ben missed him on a throw or he felt he wasn't getting enough targets
* Had to be held back from his offensive coordinator by teammates when he felt he wasn't getting enough targets
* Regularly complained to the press about not getting enough targets
* Regularly missed/arrived late to meetings
* Threatened to break the jaw of a reporter who wrote negative articles about him
* Skipped practices leading up to a must-win week 16 game
* Got into fights leading up to a must-win week 16 game
* Walked out of the stadium and quit on the team after being told he wouldn't play in week 17 because of his week 16 behavior
* Threw a fit when JuJu was named 2018 Steelers MVP and publicly bashed him for losing a game-sealing fumble in that must-win week 16 game
* Responded to JuJu saying that AB's words hurt by posting a text message then-USC sophomore JuJu sent him asking for career advice and using it to make fun of him
* Repeatedly bashed Ben on local radio, twitter, LeBron's talk show, just to name a few
* All of this happened WHILE HE WAS STILL TEAMMATES WITH THEM
* Repeatedly demanded a trade
* Got traded to the Raiders
* Got frostbite on his feet because he was dumb enough to wear wet socks into a cryotherapy tank
* Refused to change helmets after his old helmet was deemed unsafe by the league
* Appealed the NFL three times to let him wear his old helmet
* Threatened to retire if he couldn't wear his old helmet
* Tried to paint his old helmet so no one would know it wasn't the same helmet
* Turned ""The league wants you to wear a safer helmet"" into a month-long national headline with new drama literally daily
* Repeatedly missed training camp without explanation
* Got fined for missing training camp without explanation
* Posted the fine on instagram in a post calling his GM the devil
* Started a yelling at his GM at the next practice over the fine
* Tried to punch his GM over the fine
* Had to be held back from assaulting his boss by Vontaze Burfict
* VONTAZE BURFICT
* Had to be prevented from committing dumb excessive violence by a player whose name is synonymous with dumb excessive violence
* Got fined for trying to punch his boss
* Demanded his release
* Illegally recorded his head coach when he called to try and patch things up
* Posted that illegally recorded phone call on twitter
* Demanded his release again
* Got released
* Signed with the Patriots
* Threatened violence against a former trainer from Pittsburgh
* Threatened violence against the former trainer's children
* Responded to being publicly called out by by the former trainer for threatening violence against children by mocking her
* Got released for the second time in a month
* Threatened violence against a sportswriter who wrote an unflattering article about him, again
* Behaved so immaturely during the deposition for that furniture-throwing incident that his own attorney called three recesses to try and get him to calm down and behave
* Left the deposition for that furniture-throwing incident before noon
* Got let go by two agents

That was all in less than one year, and that's all without mentioning the sexual assault lawsuit, the assault and battery lawsuit, the other sexual assault lawsuit, the rape lawsuit, the *other* other sexual assault lawsuit, the sexual harassment lawsuit, the pet store suing him for not paying for his pirhana tank, the chef suing him for not paying for his food after fish was stored in his freezer, or the three retirements, or the three un-retirements, or I can go on for a while, you get the idea.

""But that's all off the field. Who cares how crazy he is if he's buttoned-up and professional on game day?"" First of all, any sane fan who doesn't want that kind of influence in one of the youngest locker rooms in the league. Anyone who remembers that the NFL has much more discretion to make up punishments for off-field infractions than onfield issues, especially for a serial offender like AB. Anyone who remembers he's coming off of an eight-game suspension for off-field behavior so is probably a bad tip away from a season-long suspension.

Second of all? No, it is not all off the field. a *lot* of it was shit he did inside the locker room, on the sidelines, and in some cases on the field. This isn't your coworker who does dumb shit when he goes home but is a consummate professional from nine to five. This is your coworker who's only your coworker for two weeks because he skips meetings, sexually harasses other employees, and threatens to punch your boss, so got fired from his third job in six months.

Again, I get it, the talent is generational and ridiculously alluring, at a position we have a dire need for, and would probably come well under market value. It's an attractive proposition, as long as you forget that this dude is so radioactive he makes Chernobyl look like a pleasant seaside resort. 

He is not worth the headache. I'd rather give up picks and take on the cap hit for Julio than touch AB with a 50-foot pole.

Edit: Misspelled ""Brown"" as ""Bron"" in a few places"
Will never happen. Owner said no domestic abuse players.
"Last time he was on the patriots he didnt have any locker room problems or on the field problems, in fact he still shows love to Brady to this day. He was cut due to the sexual assault allegations, if thats cleared up 100% we should pick him up he wasn’t really a problem for NE (in the short time he was there)"
F5 szn
"Really hope we pull something off here man. Wtf do we got to lose? If the patriots outta all the teams can give him a shot. I don’t see why in the hell we can’t. It’s honestly really frustrating seeing bottom feeder teams somehow develop better WR than we can or middle of the pack teams sign big names on offense. By why won’t we? If we’re really serious about making a run at a super bowl we’re not getting there with no true no 1.
 
I swear to god if he goes to the fucking jags or something 🤦🏾‍♂️"
"I know his suspension is over and all, but isn't he still awaiting trial?

If so, in what world is it a good idea to sign someone in that situation?"
LJ was his teammate from when they were in Pittsburgh
Didn't Ravens just get rid of Thomas who was a cancer why would they add another cancer to the roster...if you can't handle Thomas how the hell do you handle AB who is way worse.
👀
"He did trash Robert Kraft after being released publicly.  

He may have apologized later, but it’s still out there.  Dude is not a professional and is a liability to any team."
am i the only one who doesn’t want ab??? his crazy ass would just cause problems off field.
"I'm not against getting him but we need zero tolerance with this guy, first time he acts up and out the door he goes"
After we sign AB should we just trade the Jags for Justin Blackmon’s rights too?
"Don’t see us doing it unless we go completely with a risk free contract. 

Reason Earl had a leash at all was cuz he had a fat contract. Brown with a risk free contract and a non-existent leash could be good for us."
Imagine reloading with Yannick and AB in our bye week.
""
Those cankles are legendary.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Winning the division always takes priority.  Titans.
Fuck the Titans. But Fuck the Steelers more so... go Titans
Obviously the titans. Put aide our choke but we need them to bring the Steelers back down to earth after beating teams like the broncos giants Texans eagles and browns. They haven’t even sniffed a good team yet and they’re getting fat off .500 teams. They’re going to crash and burn eventually
"I think titans. I don’t believe either of these teams are as good as their record (same as us), but I think the titans are a weeeeee bit better"
"Ok got it guys, FTS and may Derrick Henry lay waste on the Steelers this weekend :)"
"I’m a new fan, so I’d thought to ask since we’re supposed to hate the Steelers but the Titans booted us out of the playoffs last year."
"Steelers. Take away Henry, and Tannehill will look average again."
""
"A couple other key pointers from this article that indicate if Harbaugh is true to his word, they won't sign Antonio Brown. 

>Or if we can't trust your character anymore, then you can't be part of what we're doing anymore. And that goes for everybody. That's not just for players. That goes for coaches, that's scouts, that's everybody.""

Safe to say it's pretty hard to trust the character of Antonio Brown, who reportedly called his former teams GM a ""cracker"" a year ago

>Another point Harbaugh made was that players need to understand how technology has changed their lives in the public. Cell phones can capture video of people at any moment, and some news outlets are often looking for opportunities to broadcast that material.

Again, doesn't give me high hopes for them to sign Antonio Brown when he live streamed a video himself in January of a confrontation he had with the police."
"For what it’s worth, this article is from 2014

Based on Humphrey’s tweet I feel like the leadership council might want him/support the team signing him which I think is also important to Harbaugh but who knows, these are just my highdeas

Edit: but seriously I’m pretty interested in finding out how the leadership council feels about potentially signing AB, just out of general curiosity"
Face it guys. AB sexually assaulted someone. We’re not the Steelers. We have high moral standards. We won’t sign AB
"It seems like people think we’re morally too good to sign AB but Mike Garafolo and Michael Silver both reported that the Ravens did “a lot of due diligence” on AB in the offseason and were/are “mulling it over” so whether people want to believe it or not, our FO has in fact expressed some level of interest in the guy. So this idea that anybody with any character issues or DV issues is automatically off limits doesn’t seem to be completely true. 

I trust EDC and Harbaugh with whatever decision they make."
So basically confirming we won’t even look at AB? Why did I even get my hopes up even a little if I knew in the back of my mind AB was never even a discussion with our FO
We signed that Donte Stallworth like a month after he killed a guy while drunk driving. The idea that we are too holy to sign AB is undercut by our previous signings.
When you have zero control on player personnel decisions but still have to find a 6 year old article to support your views on who the team should and shouldn't sign. Lol
AB comebacks off the field so he can have a good comeback on the field.
""
"Judon: "" Keep Eating.  They Some Weenie Hut General"" 🤣🤣🤣"
"I randomly chose this particular Mic’d up post to comment on just so I can ask:

Are there way more players and different teams mic’d up this year than usual?  

I can’t keep up with them there are so many."
""
It's between Dolly Llama and Latte
😍
""
[deleted]
Basically 😂
Yea but he comes with a risk he will test how strong our team's bond and locker room leadership is because if it takes 1 man to destroy our locker room and bond that will question how strong is the leadership in our locker room.
"Nah bro, I’m good."
I’d rather give up a first for Julio
"If he agrees to not talk, ever. Maybe."
Ravens sign Ryan Fitzpatrick. I didn't wake up feeling well I tell you that.
"Don’t you put that evil on me, Ricky Bobby!"
That’s no dream that’s a fucking nightmare
""
Making the playoffs was never the goal. Going deep once we make them was the goal.
Remember we had 90something % of making the playoffs before that Bengals game. Since then idgaf about any of this
The question isn't if Raven's will make playoffs. The question is if Raven's can beat the Chiefs to get to the Superbowl.
That’s only 30 teams
I will take this a sign of respect. Truzz🤞🏽
Chiefs should be higher than Steelers.
Where are the jets lmaooooo
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Given that the Steelers have the 4th lowest [strength of schedule](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/years/2020/index.htm) faced and the Ravens have the 7th lowest, making fun of the Steelers for this looks pretty stupid"
What’s the math on the Ravens opponents? 13-21?
[deleted]
A lot people keep saying we won’t sign AB if we cut ET. I think they were okay with cutting him because our secondary was so deep. We can’t afford to cut anything from the WR room 😂
"As a noobie, can we sign AB today and have him play in week 9 or do we have to wait until his suspension is over before we can sign him?"
" the Baltimore Ravens are probably the last most logical landing spot for Antonio Brown. He's always had a good relationship with Lamar Jackson and his cousin, Marquise Brown, is already on the team. This really wouldn't be a shocking move at all, especially since Jackson and Brown worked out together a lot this past offseason. There's clearly some sort of bond there and the Ravens could stand to improve their WR corps a little bit."
""
Do unblocked pressures count as wins?
"The only one in that list that isn’t consistently double teamed. Also faces mostly TEs. I’m a hater, but I’ve been on the Judon train too many times"
I'm curious to know how fast he actually wins.  Seems like he can get to the QB.... but its usually pretty close to being a late hit.
"That’s cool and all, but we’re still not signing him"
I feel like just like Hollywood he needs a better player next to him to perform better. He is not the DE1
"If judon goes to a team that allows him to rush a ton, he will rack up a bunch of sacks."
wrong sub? or are we looking at Judon?
""
"""The Ravens provided Jackson Ample Time and Space (ATS) on 8 of 30 drop backs (27%).  That’s a below average percentage, but it’s much worse when considering the Eagles rushed 4 on 29 of 30 pass plays.""  


Welp, I'm terrified of seeing Jackson face Pitt's front 7.  We don't need to go out and get a WR.  We need O-line help or this team is going nowhere."
"Includes:

* Commentary on the RG situation
* An awful day of pulling by the Ravens guards
* Discussion of drives stalled by penalty
* Individual grading for all linemen"
"I'm all for the Yannick trade, of course, but improving this offensive line has to be priority #1."
""
Should shop in some steelers D in the truck
""
"don't let this man distract you from the fact that in 2013, The Elite Dragon threw Manning off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted a 16 ft through an announcer's table."""
The undisputed 🐐
"I’ve always said Mark Andrews reminds me of Razor Ramon, especially when he does that spice thing after a nice play."
"Chris Herndon might be available. he's had some injury concerns but his rookie season showed promise. He's athletic, cheap and could prove to be a steal."
"We still have Jerrell Adams and Eli Wolf on the practice squad. If we wanted to run 3 TE's, we could."
We moved away from 3 TE sets. I don’t think we go back to that.
[deleted]
"I like Chris Herndon over Fells mostly because Fells is 34, Will Fuller can't stay healthy, Marvin Jones is a sneaky good idea. Spain could happen, but I think the front office likes our guys too much to make the move. I don't see a real Pass rush improvement coming from FA it would have to be a trade."
"I can’t see Yannick on the market , he’s only been a Viking for a little."
Someone posts this exact thread every day. Might be worth going and checking one of them.
""
If we get Hurst back for a 5th I would laugh a reasonable amount.
""
No thanks. We’re okay now :)
"I too have good dreams Jeff but just dont see it between our cap and what it woukd take

Edit: post Yannick for a 3rd, In EDC all things are possible"
SUPRISE BITCH
"Zrebiec uses misdirection, it isn't successful."
I DONT WANNA PLAY WITH YOU NO MORE INGRAM
Aged like milk
""
"BIG DICK DECOSTA 

&#x200B;

honestly I was worried I was going to get bucked friccin moron by clicking this"
"Yannick is a legit gamebreaker. Hopefully having a guy that can get to the QB from 3/4 man rush frees up Wink to be a little smarter with dialing up big blitzes. Huge get, and well worth the price!!"
EDC the based God!
Yessir we back baybeeee
Should have been a Raven from the day he was drafted. Any Terps fan could have told you he'd be great after beating the stellar first-round OL talent in the B1G.
"God we needed DE help, this is clutch. 

With the lineup of Wolfe, Calais, Williams, Ngakoue this should take some pressure off our secondary and allow us to move the QBs off their spot and STOP blitzing elite QBs like Maholmes."
Neat
"Petition to call the Raven's D-Line **""The Trenches""**.

Edit: Blitzsomemore"
"So, Yannick coming to Baltimore probably means Judon is leaving at the end of the year.... which in all likelihood will result in a 3rd round compensatory pick... so I think what I am saying is that we got Yannick for a 5th round pick 😎"
Commenting on every post to let y’all know I’m in tears
Keep going I’m almost there
""
"Sources: The Ravens are trading for Vikings DE Yannick Ngakoue.

***

posted by [@AlbertBreer](https://twitter.com/AlbertBreer)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
holy fuck a 5th rounder too
"How does he do it, that 5th round is magical"
Literally ran up and down the house. 🐐
"No way stop you’re joking I’m about to die of happiness

Edit: AHHHHHH BIG DICK DECOSTA DOES IT AGAIN"
I wonder what the condition is for the 5th?
Looks like the Vikings just wanted their picks back. Not sure why they didn’t try to sell him a little higher but I guess they don’t wanna pay him
Lol at the long sentence comment
The MJ of GMs taking over from the Bill Russell of GMs Ozzie Newsome.
Big Dick de costa
"Another day at the office for DeCosta. Hey Eric, canya snag us a RG? Thanx man."
Haven't heard of him.  Is he decent?
""
Imagine Ngakoue and Campbell on the same team together! Oh wait...
ERIC DECOSTA IS A WITCH
"DeCosta needs to be arrested for public indecency, out here swinging that big dick around."
"What!!!! This caught me completely off guard! 

He probabaly talked to Calais, huh?

LET'S GO!"
"Vikings fan here, he has looked like our best defensive player after the first week where he was clearly still conditioning back up to full strength. 

I'm glad he went to a team I really like, and that we are ready to challenge the dog shit jets for tlaw.

Best of luck purple homies!"
ayo WTF I SIDNT THINK HE WAS ON THE TABLE
Dude we got him for only a 5th round pick... if he walks we will get that 3rd round comp pick back...EDC strikes again!
"perfect time. Chiefs exposed us.

&#x200B;

We can't pressure a good team with a good OL with our designed pressure. Mahone's ate it alive - this is such good timing. On the bye week with the Steelers coming up he'll be much more ready

&#x200B;

Welcome home!"
"We gotta sign him long term, Judon's outta here."
DeCosta plucking pro-bowlers at his own discretion.
What lmao what
**MY EXCITEMENT IS IMMEASURABLE AND MY DAY IS MADE**
Ladies and Gentlemen: We got him!
EDC IS THE FUCKING GOAT
"Vikings and Ravens finalizing a trade to send DE Yannick Ngakoue to Baltimore for a 2021 third-round pick and a 2022 conditional fifth-round pick, sources tell ESPN.
 
Vikings initially sent 2021 second-round pick and 2022 conditional fifth-round pick to Jags. Now get most back.

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
That's bad news for Judon's future in Baltimore.
I knew EDC was gonna make a move. Baw gawd there’s his music
Think the Vikings will trade us Thielen now? Lol
Just in time for the Steelers.
Thats a decent amount to give up for a pending free agent. Hopefully they can lock him up hes better then judon. They are 2nd in sacks but you cant ever have enough pass rushers
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Back in MD let’s goooooo! And that’s a steal
Edc has the most aggressive cock in the industry
this defence on paper is absolutely insane
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"I love how other teams trade a 1st round pick and then some for a proven player, and their fans scramble to rationalize them going all in.

Not EDC LMAOOOO"
This is the absolute last person I thought we’d trade for. Was def expecting some WR but I’m totally okay with this lmao. You guys think we’ll be going after AB now?
"I just yelled ""lets fucking go"" at my desk...ppl came from other offices to check on me"
Y’all this secondary is going to fucking EAT if we can get constant pressure with four.
"Fantastic. 

Now about that O line ..."
"Wtf

Edit: WTF"
Shit dawg what a good way to wake up oh man
EDC 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽 Finally we have a pure speed rusher!!!
"And to think, I just assumed they were just resting during their bye week..."
Who else joins me in saying ' Yipppeeee'?
HOLY FUCK
HOLY FUCK OUR PASS RUSH JUST GOT A BIG BEEF
HE'S HOMEEEEEEE
Okay so I'd we average 25 points pee game we win the superbowl
"I'm so happy he's coming back to Baltimore, but every time a Schefter tweet gets posted it makes me sad. Dude blocked me like 10 years ago & I don't know why."
wow a third and a conditional 5th pretty great value
Who you going to double? Yannick? Calais? Judon? Shiiiiiit they aren’t playing around
Omfg I’m so happy I could cry
"Just got home to see this news and I'm ecstatic. I fucking love this organization for this trades *exactly* like this one. Ngakoue is squarely in his prime, from the DMV and plugs perfectly into the team. Not only will be able to thrive the most he has been abl;e to since '17 but he makes life easier for Judon and all the other pass rushers on the team."
Welp Judon is out. He’s probably pissed but yannick is a better player. We’ll at least have both for this season
Dang... anyone know his cap hit? Remaining contract?
Boom
CALLED IT!!
Woooot
I just quicksold his ultimate team card in madden last night lol smdh
LETS FUCKING GO
I still can't get over this. ‼️I won't actually believe it until I see him on the field😅
now let's get Julio or AB for our boy!
So are we gonna get a WR? cause we really need someone other than Hollywood.
""
Yannick force fumble returned for TD by Calais Campbell....yes. Please.
I like his right arm move on the sack/fumbles.  Makes me think of Suggs.
I’m liking all the hits to roethlisberger. Perfect timing by DeCosta!!
He's punch brother!
Hehrjeisnwkehrbwkshf wkah
I SAID IT!!!
WE GOT YANNICK
Wooooooot
WHAT?
[deleted]
This is a fantastic trade! Yannick and Calais reunited!
"YANNICK -> BMORE

US BANK -> **THE** BANK

DECOSTA -> HANGIN

BIG -> TRUZZ

PENIS -> ERECT"
"Yannick is a beast with an extremely high motor. He’ll thrive in our system and hopefully now that Judon has a legitimate Pro Bowl partner in crime on the other side, his performance should improve as well."
Might take a discount on that extension after this year 🤔🤔🤔.
Love it when players play for their home state team
[deleted]
"So Jacksonville had Sacksonville, will Baltimore be Balsacks?"
"Holy shit, I had no idea he’s from MD! That’s a pretty cool cherry on top of this deal"
COME HOME MY MAN
[All I gotta say because im a weeb](https://pm1.narvii.com/6806/89be2eb8d772847572cc291608f7f7f9f7f55d77v2_00.jpg)
Imma buy a Jersey even He turns out to be one year guy. So happy the Ravens finally got one of the big UMD guys.
I’m so happy bro’s
"""We have the current best rated defense into the league right now.... let's make it better."""
This is gonna be fun
Wait 3rd team in 3 months? Why is that?
""
You learn from the best! Blessed!
Thank GOD this man didn't leave us and just stayed under Ozzie for all those years.
"Best part is he is doing what Ozzie did so well, along with evolving and changing things. Im so glad we’re in such good hands."
""
Safe to say he’ll play against Pitt?
[deleted]
That’s it. That’s the post.
[deleted]
I’d let this man impregnate my girl
Daddy DeCosta
"Eric DeCosta

EDIT: Eric DeCosta"
They need to start selling jerseys with his fucking name on them
"Erections.  That’s it, that’s the reply."
"1. Team appears to have a serious weakness 4-6 weeks into the season

2. Eric DeCosta leaves the castle with a fifth round pick and returns with an All-Pro at position of need

3. ???

4. Profit

But seriously, we're fucking spoiled. I love the aggressiveness of the EDC/Lamar era, especially contrasting it with the mediocrity of post-2014 Ozzie/Flacco. You can feel it in the whole organization, with Harbs' aggressive 4th down calls and the turnover-generating play of Marlon and MP."
Agreed
""
CAW
He is gonna be so happy to finally be on a good team. He gonna ball out!
I see it that Baltimore is his finish line in his mind. Raven for the rest of his career!
[i said](https://display.ubercomments.com/1/med_180167854ec77c564ac9.gif)
Omg I’m crying in the club yall
EDC keeps taking the Vikings GM's lunch money. First  Vedvik - now Ngakoue. He should block EDC's number LOL
Back in Bmore
😍😍😍
""
must’ve taken everything out of him to give up that 5th rounder
"Campbell, Wolfe, Brandon Williams, Ngakoue is fucking devastating to offensive lines. Ngakoue has wanted to be a Raven for a long time and they have a more than decent chance of resigning him.  Otherwise Decosta probably wouldn't have pulled the trigger.  I wouldn't be surprised if an extension announcement takes place in the next week or so.

Take some of that Judon money and give it to Ngakoue."
BIG DICK DECOSTA STRICKS AGAIN
We didn't really get fleeced. We got something for nothing. We weren't winning any games with him and we weren't going to re-sign him.
"If we’re being real, the Vikings didn’t at all get fleeced even if this is an **awesome** deal for us. They got back almost everything they gave for him as soon as it became obvious that the time until they were serious contenders would go beyond his contract. EDC is flexin’ even when he isn’t fleecin’"
Wanna make a deal with the Ravens? It’s gonna DeCost-ya.
""
I love this insane man.
ALL THESE COMP PICKS ARE TURNING THE FROGS G A Y
You've got me laughing so hard right now.
This dude is an amazing actor.
Apply this to that Houston guy that was just fired
I absolutely love the folk song that was made with just his rantings. It's oddly beautiful.
[deleted]
Yeah he'll go through COVID protocol and be able to play against them.
"Perfect time for this deal. He can pass and test and he’s got a familiar face in Campbell from their Jags days.

Love this. We can blitz less and generate a pass rush to allow the secondary to cover. I doubt we dramatically do less blitzing but less."
""
We're trading for Julio Jones I hope lmao
This man is just blue balling us at this point. Holy *fuck*
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ETasIBsXkAMoev3.jpg
My dick cant handle all this
EDC if you keep pulling off trades like this I might have to make a shrine for you god damn
I STILL CANT BELIEVE THIS. IN EDC WE TRUST
""
How reliable is she? Didn’t she get the Clooney thing wrong? It would suck not to land AB so I hope she is wrong.
"Per my understanding, it doesn't look like the \#Ravens are going to be in on bringing in WR Antonio Brown, at this time, I'm told, however keep an eye on WR Dez Bryant potentially joining Baltimore's practice squad.

***

posted by [@JosinaAnderson](https://twitter.com/JosinaAnderson)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Cant wait for the ravens to sign both muhahahahahahahhaha
""
Yannick for a third and fifth. LFG
There is a joke in there about Vikings being plundered but I’ll leave it to smarter people than I to make it..
Only for 10 games if they can't resign him. Well 10+ playoffs
""
"Ozzie: Why don't we trade another 5th Rounder. 

EDC: Genius!"
"Two greatest GMs of this era, fight me"
"Fuck AB. He's not right for this scheme, not right for this locker room, still has sexual assault allegations pending, we don't have the cap space for him now, and we don't have the cap space for him going forward. I'm so goddamn tired of the section of this fanbase that will not stop pushing for him."
""
""
Ravens smokin crack if they think we can push in the playoffs to with Hollywod/Boykin/Sneed and 2 rookies as our squad. Trade judon sign AB asap
""
No bye week for EDC baby 😤
I'm so ready for the redemption arc
"I like it! If he's even WR3 caliber then he has utility for the offense. And if not, then no big loss."
we don’t need him to be fast. we need him to be a safety blanket for lamar on 3rd down. the biggest WR we have isn’t really a contested catch guy (boykin). we needed a big physical guy the lamar can essentially just throw the ball up to
"HYPE. Lamar needs a good possession receiver. Say what you will about Dez, if he can still wrestle the ball away from the DB, he's gonna have a place in this offense"
if he can hold onto the ball he can be our possession receiver
"Hopefully not too stupid question...

What is the significance of adding Dez to the practice squad and not the active roster? Is it that we're not confident enough in his abilities to be a starter?"
He brings the anquan boldin type of vibe into the WR room (I hope)
Any reason we should be excited about this? His last season he had drop problems and he’s not the fastest guy in the world either. If we’re lucked he’ll magically revert to 2014 form.
[deleted]
This isn’t AB
"The \#Ravens plan to sign veteran WR Dez Bryant to the practice squad if his workout goes well and he passes a physical, source said. Baltimore previously worked out Bryant in August, so this is more of a check-in. He should land in Baltimore, finally.

***

posted by [@RapSheet](https://twitter.com/RapSheet)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
THROW UP THE X BABY LESGOO
""
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"EDC CHILL, I HAVE A WIFE"
EVERYONE GET BACK IN HERE
"Fuck it, bring Julio next"
"The Ravens and old WRs. Name a more iconic duo.



Sarcasm aside, hopefully it works out well this time."
Lol today is wild
Fuck it I’m hyped let’s getttttt ittt Dez
Someone help - how excited should I be about this?
You guys are getting a real one! Don't let the media tell you he's a cancer for the locker room. Gladly will root for you guys the remainder of the way
I never left!!!
YOOOO I JUST LEFT BUT NOW IM BACK IN HERE
X
"Cowboys fan here, yall are getting a real one. He may not have that same speed but he still has the hands and ability to catch contested balls. He's been training hard for the last couple seasons while out. Never forget that this man has 73 TDs. He IS a redzone threat. He will fight for the touchdown no matter where he is on the field.

Cowboys cut him bc Linehan and Garett needed a scapegoat. They still couldn't produce without him and then they both got fired. He still had \~800 yards and 6-8 touchdowns his last 2 seasons. He wasn't producing compared to the big payday deal they signed him but at that point Dak wasn't the passer he's developed into and was usually conservative. Dak also had an off year in 2017.

At the very least, yall got a passionate voice in the locker room. Almost everyone that encounters him says he is a kind guy that says hi to everyone he meets. Hope he makes your 53-man roster."
I like this. If he wants in he’s gotta earn it one step at a time
"Julio, Hollywood, and Dez .....oh my"
Given how his last conditioning test went I have to think the Ravens have been in contact and monitoring him. Wouldn't make this move unless there was a chance to bring him up IMO
So if the jags were sacksonville with Calais and Yannick does this make the Ravens Sacksimore.. or?
Didn’t he throw up the last time he had a try out with the Ravens? Hope he can pass it this time
Boykin going to learn today 😭
"In case anyone is wondering what our conditioning test is like: 

Here's the test: Players must run a total of 900 yards in six legs. Each set consists of 25 yards out and back three times. They must finish that heat of 150 yards under a designated time -- 32 seconds for the offensive and defensive linemen, 29 seconds for the tight ends and linebackers and 27 seconds for the wide receivers, running backs and defensive backs. If you go over that time in any of the six legs, you flunk the test and have to take it over.

The break between each set is 64 seconds. By the end of it, players are sprawled on the ground, trying to catch their breath.

Source: https://www.espn.com/blog/baltimore-ravens/post/_/id/52396/even-virtually-ravens-must-pass-pure-death-conditioning-test"
my jeans can hold but so much cream
Definitely will be our 3rd down security blanket for tough Anquan type catches
"if they’re bringing him back now, then if nothing else it shows they at least know we need additional receiver help. 

for dez, if he can still just make contested catches then fuck it let’s get HYYYYYPPPPPEEEE"
Rap came back from his suspension to break this for us!
BITCH IM BACK OUT MY COMA
Anquan part II?
I have my doubts about him doing good. He hasn't played in a year and threw up during practice after a handful of snaps. I'd love for him to prove me wrong though and help us out.
WHEN WE PICKED UP MARCUS PETERS Y'ALL THOUGHT HE WAS RENTED
Booo.
Yooooo! I wouldn’t have even seen this if I didn’t scroll down the twitter feed in the Yannick news!? How big can one GM’s dong possibly be...
I still have dreams of A. Brown lining up on one side and Hollywood on the other. Sending them both streaking down the side lines every play. Take the top off every defense. But A. Brown is A LOT of trouble I don't know if we need in the locker room
"If it works out, he'll operate like a 3rd TE probably"
And I need to clean myself up now...now someone get me AB
Guess we’ll see on this one
Is this just so he can get back into on the practice squad then transfer over to the roster in a few weeks?
Dez bout to whoop some ass
Holy shit ravens fans! As a cowboys fan I love dez. A great veteran presence for yall. Look forward to the jackson bryabt connection!!
"Honestly, why not? Good signing for the right price.

We know he is way past his prime, but if he can just show up and bring no drama, have solid hands, and be a big-bodied possession WR, this is a nice upgrade."
I don’t think they’d bring in Dez if they didn’t think he could contribute.
Hard to get hyped over Dez Bryant tbh. I wouldn’t expect much from him
Practice squad?! Wtf?
i’m cool with it. give Lamar another big boy to throw to. another solid target for between the seams passes.
I like this put Dez on the practice squad let him practice for a couple weeks to get him up to game speed then bring him up
"Kinda excited. Hopefully he's still got some juice, but who knows at this point."
"Not trying to be a downer, but why didn't it work out in August?"
How the mighty have fallen...
Gg y’all! Cowboys fan here! Get him a ring he deserves! He caught it dammit!
WHAT IS HAPPENING HOLY SHIT
Have always loved Dez this is great news
God I hope it doesn't go well and we get someone who will actually help
"Honestly I'm not getting excited over a practice squad signing that wont amount to much, I think Jones Jr or Tate is probably something to look more into"
I guess he is in good shape now unlike last time.  Essentially the ravens really liked what they saw last time except for how he wasn’t in good shape so they told him to call them back when he was in good shape.
Dude seems done
Meh.
""
Allen Robinson next plz
Not really but I should lol.
EDC with a giant set of testicles bulging from his suit
Get the #69 jersey
I am getting a lower back tattoo that says “EDC owns this ⬇️”
Make it a Godfather reference.
Get the pick numbers we gave up for our superstars as finger tats
Thoughts?
Falcons have to reason to want Judon
Might as well keep Judon at this point
"We just signed Dez, doubt it."
No. Take the purple shades off.
"No.  I see no need in trading for a WR unless Lamar proves he can actually be consistent in throwing the ball.  One could argue that he isn't consistent because he doesn't have good enough WR's but I think the WR's we have are fine for what we're doing.

We'd be much better off keeping Judon and getting a comp pick for him."
Next years 2nd and a conditional 6th for this year 😂
"People need ot stop suggesting we trade Judon.  For one, he is playing well right now.  Two, this is a great opportunity to have Yannick and Judon compete for the long term deal.  Loser walks for a comp pick."
Julio has been Hot ass this year.
"Yes, but Julio is too expensive. Sometimes you don't have the budget for champagne and you've got to get a 12 pack of bud light."
Judon for Hurst and a 5th
""
Change the number to 5 and its a winner
Do it brother
You son a bitch. I’m in!
"Do it #43, it's his old number."
Yes! Yes! Yes!
That’s awesome!  😂
Hahaha. Do it before they ban it
Nice. Double fuck yeah you should.
"Doh....I'm an idiot!

Gracias for the explanation amigo."
looooooool
Do it but change the number to 1. As in a 1:1 representation of the size of his dick
"Let's try to reach out to the Ravens and see if we can get a sweet deal if we get lots of them!  

All joking aside.. I'm tempted to consider this jersey!"
"#The rules are simple:

* **Submit a player/coach/position group**, preferably **in BOLD** to stand out easier. Add stats/reasoning if you want.

* Make sure your nominee has not already been submitted. 

#**Previous Weeks**

* Week 1: Lamar Jackson
* Week 2: Marlon Humphrey
* Week 3: Whole team except special teams (blame)
* Week 4: Patrick Queen
* Week 5: Defense
* Week 6: Calais Campbell

#**This week's nominees are...**

#LITERALLY ONLY ERIC DECOSTA BAYBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
"**Eric ""Big Dick"" DeCosta**"
"Yannick Ngakoue!!!
We were already an elite defense, now it aint fair."
Can it be anyone other than EDC?
NGAKOUE
Lmao you madlads did it.
ERIC DONKEY DICK DECOSTA
BD EDC
Super Shlong Decosta baby!!!!!
"MVP!

MVP!

MVP!"
EDC
"Eric ""Big Dick"" Decosta"
"Could it be any more obvious???

...

EDC."
""
😂
"No Ravens game today. 
Get some sleep and then it is Steelers week."
"SLEEP THE FUCK IN, IT'S BYE WEEK MOTHERFUCKERS"
"K thanks, bro 🥱"
"Sleep in? You must not have kids, lucky you..."
Fantasy football never rests.
Perfect day to sleep in too. Rainy and cold
"Any day I get to sleep past 7 is a blessing as I have a family and work a lot.

Back when I was in college, I would set my alarm for 1255 so that I could get up for the game.

Enjoy your sleeping in my friend!"
"Naw, I""m a full on Titans fan today"
"WE'LL BE ABLE TO SLEEP IN AN ADDITIONAL HOUR NEXT WEEK, THANKS TO DAYLIGHT SAVINGS TIME! LET'S GOO!"
The silver lining to a Ravens bye week is that I actually get to watch Redzone
Let’s root for Derrick Henry to run for 70372 yards today
I have to work. No sleeping in. And I have to close for the first time alone tonight. Guess whose grabbing alcohol for lunch.
I want Bane to blow up the Steelers Stadium again and if that doesn’t happen I want a slug fest where both teams come out completely beat up.
"Hell, no. I want to see the Titans stomp the Steelers."
Decided to try daily fantasy sports today because I needed to fill the void of no Ravens.
"With all the talk with wide receiver lately it got me curious a bit on our history, Are we cursed when it comes to devoloping receivers? Is it bad coaching? Bad drafting?  somethings gotta give eventually It's been almost 25 years since a receiver put up 1200 yards for the ravens.

Michael jackson x1
Torrey smith x1
Quadray Ismail x2
Derrick alexander x2
Steve smith x1
Mike wallace x1
derrick mason x4

These receivers are the only ones to put up 1000+ yards in a ravens uniform and out of those 7 guys only 1 of them was drafted by the ravens (torrey smith) we have proved we don't need flashy receivers to win Superbowls but I'll admit it is mind boggling how we constantly end up with the same kind of production time and time again. 

Fun fact: kamar aiken was 16 yards away from 1000 in 2015, I figured everyone just deleted that year from memory all together."
"There have been a few major busts like Perriman and Taylor, but for a long time the Ravens didn't invest much draft capital in wide receivers. This has changed under EDC and there are a number of promising young receivers on the roster now."
Dave Culley is both WR’s coach and passing game coordinator. Both of those areas are major weaknesses for this team. He’s a shitty coach.
"We usually run the ball a ton.  Never had an offense that was solely pass oriented.  That limits the ability for receivers to get up there.  Doesn’t prevent it, but certainly limits."
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"Its the bye week guys, stop reporting this post because your uncomfortable with your own latent arousal"
4th option Sexy Spice
It's too early to jerk off man
"Be sure to checkout my only fans link on my profile ;)

Come see why I'm the top 0.08% on OF for only $19.96 a month!"
Old Bae
Fuck that looks uncomfortable.
We need a r/ravensgonewild sub
Sigh. *Unzips*
Scary for sure.  😂😂
lmao we should sidebar bet a team with this image
5 spice?
Chesty Spice
You're my hero.
This’ll do *grabs lotion*
Is Old Bay a spice?
Pumpkin spice
Lookin like J.K. Dobbins during pregame warm-ups 😂
Beefcake Spice
THICC
This has nothing to do with the Ravens
"If Marlon can do it, so can you!"
Scary spice
gay ass
OP the same clown that exploits his kid under /kidsarefuckingidiots and his wife’s feet on /feet and is calling for everyone’s heads after a loss? Yeah it is. Seems fitting with that top.
It’s EDC appreciation day!
NEVER RESTS
🤞Truss
"* Fuck the Steelers
* Fuck the Bengals
* Fuck the Browns"
I will only say this once this season. But go Titans.
"Does it really matter who wins the tits-Steelers game. As long as we win next week, we jump to first in the division. Just hoping for a chiefs loss."
Today I root mildly for the Bengals
Fuck the Steelers
We're in trouble next week aren't we...
"Ugh, i hate saying this but go titans"
"Chiefs and Broncos in the snow might be p good

Only supposed to feel like single digits temp wise as well"
GO TITANS
"At least i respect the steelers...i cant respect the titans. 

So far im just rooting for 

“PERSONAL FOUL, UNNECESSARY ROUGHNESS”"
I’m not panicking but Shittburg is man-handling the Titans
Baker is 0/5 for an INT against the Bengals rn. Hahahaha
I see dez being on the main roster in the next week or two
Denzel mims starting for the Jets today. We took JK dobbins over him so it’ll be interesting to see how he does
Sign Quentin Spain
"My dodgers lost last night and I feel like we did after last years playoff loss, hopefully the Steelers losing helps the ache"
Temp Titans fan today
My fiancé is a Steelers fan. If they end up losing to the Titans it will be a fun afternoon of me pretending not to be happy about it.
"Unless I’m incorrect, isn’t Dean Peas the Titans DC? If so, it really explains their woes on third down"
Is there gonna be a fire sale in Dallas? Can we get someone off them?
I know this isn’t real... but my brain is telling me a Steelers win today makes them more likely to lose to us next week... so go Steelers.... someone wanna talk me out of this?
""
The sky is blue
"I dont understand why people want him. Dudes too expensive and on the back half of his career. I'm cool with a veteran, but give me someone whose 26 or 27 years old. Someone young enough to keep with us for more than 2 years. Like snead but better."
Didn’t the giants say something about OBJ... tanking teams get desperate some times 👀
Feels like if we were going to make a WR trade we’d have done it earlier in the bye week to get them through protocols and get them acclimated with the system.  Not saying it won’t happen because negotiations could be dragging but I’m saying it’s less likely to happen now then it was on Monday.
[removed]
[deleted]
Llama “James Brown” Jackson
Looking kinda rough for 56.  I guess all those superbowl rings have some sort of aging effect.
Yep it’s a bye week
2052 would have been the much better choice of year for two other obvious HOF Raven reasons!
"Why would he still be in pads? Lol

Put him in old-era apparel"
Still as good as before but they will say not sustainable
"This is in the immobile, cerebral, Peyton Manning esque back half of his career"
""
"Honestly, I kinda hope it works out. I don’t want to see Burrow killed before he even gets started"
Good for Joe hate to see another number one draft pick go to waste in the north
only posting because i know there’s been a few posts and comments about him
Who? Why? Who gives a caaaawww?!?
...
Fuck the Steelers
"Don’t worry when the titans play us we won’t be able to make a first down, finding ways to fuck us over every week"
Titans suck so much man but you know they're going to be a completely different team when they play us lol fuck that franchise
"Fuck you Tennessee and fuck you Cincinnati. 

Titans play calling at the end was beyond fucking dumb. 

Kicker who's been struggling all year and you're barely on the edge of his maximum range? 

Welllllllllll, we *COULD* try to get it closer to set up a safer kick, but nah, let's launch the fucking ball deep downfield on a low% pass because we're a bunch of dumbasses who also like to infect each other with covid through illegal practices so why would you ever expect us to make a smart decision? 

God I've always hated Tennessee lmao"
I hate the Steelers and Titans
"Not sure who it is but #23 on the Titans got roasted up and down the field

^Which ^means ^Greg ^Roman ^won’t ^target ^him ^at ^all"
The Titans defense is lackadaisical...
"Watching the Steelers have success is painful, but I still enjoy seeing the Titans suffer."
steelers or titans being 6-0 is gross
"If the Ravens don’t run on this Titans defense, we some frauds. lol"
I have more faith in the 2-3 patriots winning the AFC east than these fake ass bills
"My girlfriend is so used to the ravens never being able to play from behind that she just asked me “the Titans game is basically over, right?”"
We won!!!
Baker sucks
Titans beat us in the divisional and then do nothing vs the Steelers. Classic
This will honestly make beating the Steelers even more satisfying
"You know what? Let the Steelers blow out the Titans, let the media hype them all week, and then let us beat them next weekend 😈😈"
"If that hail mary was against us, AJ Green would’ve caught the deflection"
"Terps: thrashed

Steelers: barely win off a botched kick 

Browns: barely beat the 1-4-1 Bengals 

Bruh"
"Looks like running the football, short passes, and dominating TOP, keeping Henry on the sidelines, is working for the Steelers vs the Titans. Just saying."
"Steelers win: “wow Big Ben is back and he’s on FIRE, what a great QB and they’ll win the Super Bowl” 

Ravens win: “Lamar is a running back, they will lose in the first round of the playoffs”"
Tirans defense looks awful
Guess we’ll have to do it ourselves.
Hope we destroy the steelers next week.
Tits are ass
Stop Henry the whole team crumbles
fuck you gostkowski
Steelers and Browns win in the last minute. Wow... that was almost the best bye week ever recorded and it fell apart
Honestly this game is showing more how the Titans shouldn’t be undefeated than that the Steelers should be undefeated
OBJ just got hurt making a tackle on a pick by Baker.
Gonna be nice handing the Steelers there first L 😈
FUCK THE TITANS
[Live look at next week's game](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/7QqxJ6hO2dk/maxresdefault.jpg)
Ben eating the blitz too. Gonna need our new toy to show up next week.
Both the Browns and Steelers win it at the death. What a shit weekend
"Damn it, I was really pulling for the Bengals"
Can't wait for the NFL to start blowing the Steelers all week. Ughhhh
"Seriously, why is the Titan’s defense so bad this year? Steelers working them, and Houston put up 36 on them last week. They have a lot of talented players. I hope they don’t figure things out"
HOW THE DUCK DO THE BENGALS AND TITANS CHOKE LIKE THIS?!?!?!
Universe: get fukt Ravens fans. Time to earn the seed ourselves then
All my dreams have been crushed in 60 secs
The Steelers blowing the division in 2018 might have used up all the help we’ll ever get haha
Get bucked steelers
"Fuck the titans, hope we expose them in the postseason"
So lucky man 2nd fumble
I hate the steelers but I also hate the titans for what happened in the playoffs
Steelers blowing this game would make me the hardest I could be during a bye week
Commentators be sucking Baker Mayfield’s dick so hard right now wtf
I don't understand bens throw
It's time to put Gostkowski down Titans.
Time to retire Gostkowski u had a good run
Fuck the Titans.
Fuck the Titans and Fuck the Bengals
"LMAOOOOOO Gostowski is trash

Fuck the Steelers and fuck the Titans"
"Ffs, we gotta win next week"
Lmao the falcons lost because todd gurley accidentally scored a touchdown 😂
Titans d is shite
Steelers bending the Titans over right now
This Steelers Titans game has not been particularly close so far.
Damn all these 3rd and longs are making me fucking sick
Well I’m okay with giving Pittsburgh their 1st loss and taking the top division spot back 🤷🏽‍♂️
"Good news. Titans are beatable. Bad news, steelers might be decent. Ugh"
Baker has more completions to Bengals d than his own receivers lol
The NFC Least is horrid and the division winner gets to host a playoff game
"Steelers keep getting bailed out, wtf..."
"It would totally be a Jets kind of thing, to finally get a win, possibly lose out on Trevor Lawrence, and their organization still keeps Gase around 😆"
Jets vs bills gives you an insight in why the patriots win the division every year. Fucking joke.
[every AFCE game that doesn’t involve the Pats](https://youtu.be/SPR3RYP0Pbg)
Big Ben is a serial rapist
Who actually thought the titans are legit? Bruh there was some dude on this sub trying to tell people Ryan fucking tannihill is “legit an MVP candidate” dude legit a game manager and nothing else and they’re getting exposed against a good team
What was that pass? I understand the Hail Mary but he had all day to throw a better ball.
Lamar gone have to play like god to beat this team Sheesh 😫💦🍆
Campbell gonna tip these screen/slant passes next week 😈
"Titans finally waking up....anything is possible.

You need a TD here...."
Steelers are going to lose in a stellar comeback
LFG
FUCK YES
god damn gostkowski sucks balls
FUCK YOU GOSTKOWSKI
"Remember when people thought Stephen Gostkowski was a better kicker than Justin Tucker a few years ago? Pepperidge Farm remembers.

Seriously though, that's a huge bummer for Tennessee. All that to come back for a potential tie at the end of regulation only to still fall short on a missed field goal."
How nice of the titans to give me hope before tearing my heart out
I’m bummed about that. Sick of the Steelers
Fucking zero help by anyone ever
What a choke job by the Titans wtf
"Go figure the Steelers finally get Gostkowski to miss a GW kick. Why couldn't that happen against Denver, Jacksonville or Minnesota 🙄"
Steelers were offsides on the FG and of course no flag was thrown
bengals choking too lol
"Well, it's going feel nice handing the Steelers their first loss next week"
lol Baker all amped up bc he barely could beat the fuckin Bengals
"Tannehill, Gostkowski and Bengals D can suck a butthole. Why can't we play in the NFC East?"
I don’t mind KC. I love seeing the Pats losing this year.
Chiefs O-line and holding. Name a more iconic duo
"Did Baker really quote DMX lyrics in his press conference? Dude, you scraped past the Bungles, settle down"
Falcons should really just trade us Julio at this point
lmao nice pick you fat fuck
No fucking way Pittsburgh is this good.  Titans are just shiting the bed.
Fuck the steelers
lol titans suck.
Saints making short work of the Panthers “defense”
Man I really hope we beat the Steelers next week the media has been sucking them off ever since the browns game
I need to put money on Steelers winning the sb to calm my nerves
I literally bet $100 on two team parlay with both the Jets and Broncos losing. This is why I don’t gamble.
"I'm no football expert, but I feel like the Ravens should play purely coverage vs the Steelers. What y'all think?"
"Oh my days, I guess the Titans little hot streak fizzled out..."
That dink-and-dunk offense needs to get shut down next week. PLEASE don't blitz Wink. I'm begging you...
Get fucked titans. On to being pittsburgh's first loss
I think we matchup better against the steelers than the tits tho.
WTF!!! Titans forgot how to play football vs Squeelerburg. Of COURSE. Watch them be the best football team in the world vs my Ravens though...
Gotta say.. a lot of AFC teams are looking like crummy frauds right now. We have our issues too but compared to the competition we can be competitive. I think our biggest worry as always is going to be the Chiefs
Imma be honest. Is there a chance that the Titans offense is overrated? Who's defense have they really played that's been above average?
Go Titans
Baker actually woke up. Shockingly
The Red Rifle got done like Kiko did Flacco.  Brutal.
Let’s goooo
Let’s gooo
If the Falcons lose because they actually scored... How ironic
What a loser
LMAOO FUCK THE TITANS WE’LL TAKE CARE OF IT OURSELVES
Titans are trash
Fucking titans man
Titans....you losers.
LOL FALCONS
Fucking bengals
FINE THEN WE'LL BEAT THE SQUEALERS OURSELVES
Twas a good afternoon for a bye with all the action. Too bad the Squeelers won though.
"Bro, the browns and the steelers were so close to losing and both teams they're up against choke fucking hard.  Goddammit! Fuck the Steelers, fuck the Browns, fuck the Bungles, Fuck the Titans."
"Welp,  looks like we gotta take care of the Steelers ourselves.   Wouldn't have it any other way."
Wild end to the Steelers game.
I cant believe Browns have already played 4 divisional games.  Thats crazy.
My homies hate the Steelers and Titans
OBJ may have a major knee injury per Ian Rapoport.
Look at the Broncos running it down KC's throats. Inspirational.
Cam looks off today
"Great news guys this is the last week this season we won't have a game

*Knocks on ~~Covid~~ wood*"
Just tuned into the Seahawks Cardinals game. Wild stuff
"Bruh, the Titans have 0 defense, and the Steeler's is good enough to keep their offense at bay for a bit..."
"Titans defense is such a joke, Ben can't throw the ball more than 15 yards and they're still leaving guys wide open"
"Spillane just sacrificed his season to stuff Henry on the goal line lol

Edit: and it was for nothing"
We literally get zero help
I seriously fucking hate the NFL sometimes. Both Titans and Bengals choking
Red Zone Channel it is today!
Get wrecked Browns
Baked Mayfield
"Man, Browns with the trifecta in one play. And Bengals score 😆"
"I'm already hating this game, lol"
"The Titans right now are a completely different team vs. the 2019 divisional playoffs.

Lewan and Conklin were probably the best tackle duo in the league."
"Lol, this is why I don't like counting on other teams winning, they always let me down..."
Is Dean Pees still the Titans DC? Would explain their third down woes.
Can't get any fucking help from the entire NFL jesus..Steelers ain't all that we'll just have to beat them ourselves
Baker stats through 1...0-5 with 1 int
Watching how the Steelers secondary is glued to the Titans receivers has me worried. Greg Roman needs to just let Hollywood loose we won’t win next week without a few down the field bombs
"Lol, Steelers literally blitz up the middle every play xD"
Ok that was kinda funny
regardless of what we do in the playoffs beating the Steelers and titans would be so good
"Finally a stop, lol"
"Right back to commercials, wtf NFL..."
Titans are dead in the water. Wtf...
"Fine, we'll do it ourselves next week."
“Fine I’ll do it myself”
I really fucking hate the bye week. Watching all of these other teams play without the Ravens being on is a special type of torture
"The Steelers' defense is good, but they literally blitz the middle every down. Lamar's mobility needs to be utilized because they aren't really containing it seems. If Roman wakes up, the Ravens might be able to exploit their defense..."
Andy Dalton legit got knocked the fuck out. That looked baddd
Man hopefully Dalton's just going to need some time in the blue tent. That looked BAD.
derrick henry is the titan's entire offense
"2nd half Titans are overpowered, wtf???"
LMFAOOOOO. First one to 11 wins gets the division. Fuck the Bungles and the Tits.
Titans defense is choking. GET A STOP...
2nd Titans are op. What's even happening? xD
Nice
Wow.
Fcking Gostkowski
"Meanwhile the Bungles bungled again

Fuck today"
"Fine 

We’ll do it and fuck you Titans"
And the Browns win. Damn this weekend gave us nothing.
"Wow, I seriously think Gostkowski knows about the Tucker conflict."
Browns just scored to win the game.
https://i.imgur.com/HMs4OVI.gif
Steelers almost choked the game away and browns barely beat the Bengals lol
can’t wait to see the Good Guys beat the villains next week.
I’m getting the Pats 49ers game here. I wish I could get the Las Vegas Tampa Game.
I couldn’t imagine being a falcons fan.Sheesh😩💦🍆
"Lol, watching the announcers praise Mahomes even though his receiver had to literally stretch his whole arm. They should praise the receiver for catching that pass. The Chief's offense is so overpowered..."
"Sigh, Bell's overpowered. The Chiefs will reach a cap limit at some point right?"
"AFC North is set up to be the strongest division in football for the years to come. We're young, strong, and don't look like declining anytime soon. 

The Browns have finally completed a 20 year rebuild and actually look competent enough to be a wild card team. 

The Bengals have a great rookie quarterback and I predict are just a draft or two away from having the necessary pieces on defense and the offensive line to really compete again. 

And the Steelers look like they are back to being the Steelers we know and hate, and as long as they find a worthwhile replacement for Ben in the coming years they likely will remain in competition."
Cam looks awkward today
Butker with his 5th PAT miss this year
Watching Kyler throw that pick is a reminder: QBs sometimes just have off games/plays.
Cardinals look legit
That cardinals seahawks game is probably top 5 games I've ever seen. Holy moly. It had everything.
Welp this game is over
Bills down 0-3 to the Jets in the second. If our offense did that the majority of you would be on suicide watch 😂
"I find the lack of faith in our guys disturbing. Fuck the Steelers, we’ll find a way"
Steelers look good man ngl
Bills are going to screw my parlay. Anybody into voodoo and can do a hex or something?
"GUYS, SAY IT WITH ME

FUCK.

THE.

STEELERS."
Titan Up Baby!
"This question will probably be asked a billion times today, but what place will we take if Pittsburgh loses today? Us and the Steelers would both have 5-1 records so who would be in first place?"
"Sigh, look at the refs already..."
The Falcons jersey is terrible. Don’t like the color blend.
Siiiiiiiiiigh. My tummy hurts...
Titans defense is horrid on 3rd downs.
Titans getting bullied. Already forced them out of their game. This could get ugly.
Steelers blitz a lot. Hopefully Ravens can punish that...
Fuck the browns
"Baker is officially the worst QB in the division, which is so funny because 2 years ago so many people thought he was the best lmao."
"That was a miracle Madden-like catch, lol"
Insane play by our boy Thor!
"We have a game folks!

^(If the Titan's defense wakes up...)"
Finally a score for Titans
Let’s go Titans
Kamara is so fucking good...the end
I can’t stand that fat fucking walrus
Gotta take one from Pittsburgh this series this season
Finally stopped their offense...
TJ Watt is a problem.
This fucking sucks.
Why do they keep running up the middle when the Steelers blitz middle every play? They almost guard the edges I noticed. RUN IT OUTSIDE.
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Titans 👀
"If the Titans would just bounce to the outside, they must be worried about Bud/TJ"
There we go
"Good shit, Titans"
Henry finally got it
At least hold them to a field goal
wow tits defense coming up clutch. bend not break at it’s finest lol. hopefully tannehill and henry can get this td and end this game and give the steelers that fat L
Good shit so far Tittles
Omg go titans
"Holy crap, Big Ed's son is a younger clone of him."
Browns losing with 1:06 left
Sheesh
Just get into FG range and go for overtime.
Lets go titans!
Fuck this game
Fuuuuuuck
Fuck this shit
Who was the patriots fan in the r/nfl thread that did they wanted gostkowski back
I'm not having fun anymore
Hahaha Falcons
TIL Melvin Gordon plays for the Broncos.
Nice D Denver! Now SCORE!!!
Good job Denver!
Any chance next weeks game might get flexed to prime time ?
Steelers might be the most well balanced team in the NFL both sides of the ball can get it done... going to be really demoralizing if we can’t beat them
FINALLY. Titans need a stop...
I’m glad browns and Steelers won it’s gonna make the offense come out to play or else we don’t win the division
First time in years where I'm actually worried about the Steelers. I thought Ben was half way out the door why the fuck is he playing good. We are worried about the Titans and Chiefs but we shouldn't be overlooking the Steelers.
"every single year we expect shit teams to take care of their business for us. it's our time again. fuck the titans, fuck the bengals but especially fuck the steelers (i'm not worried about the browns, this game was their superbowl haha)"
Nothing makes me happier than seeing fat Ben throw three picks. Fuck the Steelers. Go Ravens.
We can just never get any favors huh? We always gotta win by ourselves and teams just can never beat opponents we need to lose especially the Steelers
Out offense will get wrecked by the steelers defense. Our offensive line will have one of the worst game we’ve ever seen. I think it will be 24-13 steelers win.
""
Both Steelers and Browns/Bengals games were entertaining up until the end
More like another tank bowl
Bengals go ahead to only let their D crap the bed.
Browns suck
It’s not like we have beaten any great teams this year either. Just sayin’.
[deleted]
There will be seats for sale on the secondary market.
There will probably be a single ticket for sale at some point. If not it's not the end of the world.
But more importantly fuck the Steelers.
God damn Titans chokes the field goal
Titans about to make a 20 point comeback on the Steelers
"No no, just fuck the Steelers rn. I wanna see the Titans succeed"
""
[deleted]
Cobb is on the Texans.
I can’t see how RGIII Gives them any more of an advantage tbh.
The ravens wouldn't get anything for RG3. He's bad. He's the backup for mentoring purposes
He's gotta be better than Ben Dinucci
I honestly think Dalton is better than RG3
RG3 and a pick for Gallup?! Dallas is imploding rn
You're so close
""
"Thinking of our Tight End history, man we have had some good ones! One position on our team that has been very consistent in quality."
[deleted]
The finally punched it in. Let’s go!
I mean it’s working ok.
[removed]
Derrick Henry is overpowered...
You know you can post this kind of stuff in a game thread? This post is like a sentence long and it’s about the Henry lmao
""
I wanted the Steelers to win so we could give them their first loss
"Nah I wanted the Steelers to win, because 1) fuck the Titans and 2) I wanted to be the first to beat their asses and take back the AFC North in the process"
I agree 100% but we need the o line to get their shit together... Offense has look decent comparatively to the league but nowhere close to what ae should be
I figured if the titans couldnt get it down well handle it
""
Week 10 undefeated pats vibes baby
I love this energy
"Big and Purple, Thanos could definitely fit in with us."
Steelers are barely squeaking by teams and they’re only dominating win is against the Browns. I’ll be convinced they’re a legit super bowl contender team if they beat us next week. Next week is huge for both teams.
[deleted]
">I’m glad the steelers won

We don’t do that here."
on one hand I understand what you're saying but on the other hand any help at all at some point would be nice
The Ravens seeing the Titans unable to finish the job https://tenor.com/bfFlm.gif
It's crazy to think that this will be the 1st time we will see ben vs Lamar.
What do you mean sweeter? The Ravens need to beat the Steelers first in order to make anything sweet.
""
Funny enough he went through the entire cycle this game.
"True, but they are 5-2, so they’re doing something right. Yeah you can call out their opponents, but that wouldn’t stop the browns from being the browns before"
For real people are gonna magically forget that when he played both good afc north teams they got whooped
"they're 5-2 with the easy ass schedule the north was given this year

playoffs browns is a very real likelihood"
The Browns narrowly defeated a 1-win team...keep proving those doubters wrong Baker. /s
He kind of had a good game today... they’re also 5-2. I’m a ravens fan but like I think we blindly just shit on the browns
"You should add “make another commercial”
to the mix"
Shouldn't there be another box?   Between call out doubters and playing like shit....a box that says shoot 10 commercials.
"They've beaten five teams with a combined record of 10-22-2 (Assuming we double-count the Bengals since they beat them twice) by an average margin of eight points. They're playing close, one-possession football with some of the worst teams in football, and they're doing it regularly.

If it were a one-time fluke, I could shrug it off. Every team scrapes out of a trap game or two here and there, it happened to KC with the Chargers, it happened to the Seahawks with the Vikings, it just happened to us with the Eagles. Nobody goes 16-0 in this league, teams are too talented, and getting out of a trap game with a win is nothing to be ashamed of when it happens to you. The problem is when it's a pattern in literally every single one of your wins. Once is a happenstance, twice is a coincidence, five times is a consistent tendency.

Maybe they'll prove me wrong. They've got dates with the Raiders and Titans between now and our next matchup to prove they're for real, and they've certainly got the talent to do it. Right now though, I see an average at-best team barely escaping nail-biters with the dregs of the league and getting their teeth knocked out every time they get into the ring with the big boys."
I’ve already seen a Browns mention that Baker played better against the Bengals. That fan base grasps at every straw.
Quality cake day content here!
One more turn and I’ll have bingo!
"I mean he has good numbers and they’re 5-2 so they aren’t doing that bad. Sure, they haven’t beaten any great teams, but neither have we 🤷🏼‍♀️"
How many complete Baker cycles have we had this season
Browns are rent free in some of y'all's heads
[deleted]
All in one game
Lmaoo
"Yep, watch him put up a dud next week against the raider, and the cycle begins again haha"
[deleted]
""
I bet/hope they flex Ravens vs Steelers to the evening game.
"Steeler fan here loving your meme game.

Let’s remind everyone why this is the greatest NFL rivalry."
ideally we win by a 46 yard fieldgoal
"We can, and will."
Looks like Brent Urban's arm
"Lets get it, Ravens bros. Fuck you, and looking forward to a fun and great game next week!"
The value of a good kicker was clear to see
"Titans fan on my FB was saying ""They only won because our kicker was bad.""

Like man, we just gonna ignore the score was 24-7 at halftime."
Ngakoue when looking at our pass rush
i love we see this meme every week bc we get literally no help😂
I honestly think the Titans and Steelers games are our toughest matchups this year (aside from KC who seems almost unbeatable). Calais Campbell is going to have a field day with Henry.
So... it looks like we win at halftime but then we get our head cut off and actually lose?
They should honestly have this as the MNF game every time we play. They would actually have a good game.
i thought it was gonna be the ragnarok meme with thor and hela but this fits as well
man that intentional grounding penalty was rough. was that a bad call?
"Im curious how you think your running game will work against us? like... what is going to happen, Lamar throws really good?"
im coming back to this post next week to make it look goofy
"10-2, at home. Players stayed around and studied, honing their strengths, fixing their weaknesses, and rested their bodies. The Steelers are a great fucking team this year, but so are we. I get the feeling they are going to be overly confident this week and it will be a real honor and a privilege to bloody their noses for the first time this season. 

You all feel the same?"
I get the feeling it's going to be a brutal three point game in one direction or the other. The one big thing in our favour is the lack of Devin Bush to spy Lamar.
Bold prediction: Yannick makes a big first impression and balls out. 2 sacks and a FF incoming
"I feel Yannick will make an impact but I still think it’ll be a slog. Neither team will win by a lot, 10 points max, but more like 3 or 7. Should be interesting to watch!"
i feel like we are low on confidence as of now. we almost blew a huge as lead. i just hope Ben is more careful this week
No. I feel like there is a legit possibility the Steelers come in here and do what the chiefs did. It’s gonna be a slog
It really depends on how ready yannick is to play. If he's not ready yet we lose cause the Steelers defense is great and our offensive line has been getting abused for weeks now. We have to win this defensive battle or else it's game over.
I like our new weapons too!
Bold prediction this will be a defensive chess match and will be a low scoring game.
"As a Steeler fan I am sad that Devin Bush is not there, we got him specifically to counter Lamer. That being said, I think we will still  win in a close game as usual."
"Interesting stat.  I am surprised since I feel like we always play terrible after a break.  Maybe we still win them, but don’t look great . But I may just be focusing on our recent poor loss after a break in the playoffs"
"I highly doubt it cause it’s the eagles and cowboys so they have a way bigger market, but also both teams are trash sooooo maybe there’s a chance?"
"I don't think so, since the max primetime games a team can have is 5 and we already have 5."
Hope not
Wouldn’t want to miss Cowboys Eagles
[deleted]
who’s got it better then us?? *noooooobodyyyyyy*
This definitely needed its own post
That’s all. Fuck the steelers.
Fuck 'em
I hate yellow
"Wait, isn't every week Steelers hate week?"
Every week is Steelers hate week for me
Fuck that cheeseburger crushing massive fucking apeman quarterback of theirs.
FTS
Fuck them lol
"“Break ups suck, but have you ever watched the Steelers beat the Ravens? Now THAT is heart break”"
"We gotta smash'em,extremely important game"
Every week more like
"Let's fucking go you beautiful, ratbird bastards. Looking forward to a great game!"
Hate week? I hate em all the time
Gif war?
They are called the SQUEALERS. Not Steelers. Their annoying fans like calling us the rat birds lmao. Since when are ravens (a bird) a rat. Delusional as always.
💪🏾😤
"Bring in on Bitches, your daddy big ben is back!"
""
"All of the games haven’t even been played yet, they shouldn’t do the rankings yet"
Also RG3 is a free agent after this year anyways right?
I think we're the only ones still convincing ourselves RG3 can start if we're being honest
It isnt  unpopular as much as irrelevant. The 6th round pick we will get for him isn't going to help.
That man would die with the O-line they have in Dallas
I think they should trade us Gallup before it’s too late.
">we have Trace

He's worse than RGIII"
dallas has no reason to trade for him tbh I don’t think he’d add much more than that random rookie they have. plus dalton will probably be back next week anyway
RG-III is a better backup schematicly.
I’d rather keep rg3 as a mentor to Lamar. Rg3’s value isn’t on the field imo
RG3 for Amari Cooper
I thought that as soon as Dalton was hurt. Also he gets to go back to Texas where he played at Baylor. I think it would be cool.
Sweet that’s one useful conditional seventh for a decent backup QB
Yeah but honestly the cowboys have a lot to fix rn and so I really don't think they're trying to win this year. As much as that hurts jerry boys ego.
"If we could pull it off, 100%. if lamar goes down god forbid, the season is over anyway."
Even more unpopular opinion Dallas just signs Kap to a 1 year
Why would they want RG3?
"Trade lamar for Zeke. They need a better RB.

Start Trace.

Obvi."
Whatever happens i result hope trace Mcsorely gets to be a starter somewhere else sometime in the future. I like watching him on the preseason
"RG3 sucks. thats why he is a backup and nobody has come beating down our door for him. He can run the offense and knows the plays. He is probably a great mentor for Lamar but anything outside of capping off a game or running a series because lamar is banged up is so far from his capability that it is almost laughable.

For the record Dalton is hot garbage as well, as are most backup quarterbacks in the league with the exception of big dick nick every once in a while and maybe jameis winston on a good day."
[deleted]
""
Let’s get the Division back!
I've wanted the Titans to lose every game and they haven't then the ONE TIME I want them to win they can't even do that for me.
Another reason to hate them.
I don’t like this analogy cuz if the ravens are thanos that means the Steelers are the avengers. Then that means we’re gonna lose when it matters most 😭
""
Can someone please explain. I’m slow rn.
""
""
You didnt ray lewis dance down the aisle 0/10
Yes!
I think I remember your engagement photos in front of the stadium....
Total keeper.
Congrats!
[deleted]
This yall’s best kicker in the league?
5th misses PAT this season
Didn’t even hit the fucking net lmao
Listen I get it but it looks kinda bad shitting on their kicker while they basically own us as far as the team goes. Makes us look like children.
This is getting old.
We still going on about this? Let it go.
You know what Butker doesn't miss...the 2nd game in the post season 😂 sorry had to...you set it up
""
Should have said EDC with Campbell Peters and Ngakoue
""
frick us too. i’m sick and tired of captain fat fuck giving me heart attacks every sunday afternoon
"Hey, I completely forgot about the tendies meme. Let's bring that shit back"
"I have had it with your language young man, no Lamar bedtime stories for you tonight!"
I don’t want any damn Yinzers.
Big truzz? Kid diddly? Chicken? Take my upvote right now!
"Owww my frickin ears! But in all seriousness, frick the Steelers, frick those fricking fricks all the way to hell!"
[removed]
""
"It blows my mind the Cardinals didn't score here. Props to dk man, that dude wants to get paid"
Man...as an ole miss guy I wish we would have drafted this stud
EDC make Thielen happen...
I’d trade a 5th for DK.
I don't wanna nothing about trades until we actually get a true #1 WR for Jackson
that's a big motherfucker
"Can we PLEASE strengthen the o line, it’s weak af"
These days it’s no even a fair race.
He was about 10 yards behind him at midfield. Unbelievable closing speed.
Run and Pass. Put up or shut up time.
This sub is so weird sometimes
Our #1 receiver would be the #3 receiver at best on BOTH of these teams. Im pissed.
"Not a great example. Russell has been hitting his guys with virtually no separation. Meanwhile Lamar has been missing guys with several yards of separation. 

Your point still stands, but let's stop acting like Lamar isn't part of the problem. His accuracy has been bad."
"Hard to compare when Wilson is throwing the most accurate deep balls I've ever seen.

Also, I think hollywood is comparable to Kirk if not better. I don't think he'd be #3 in AZ"
I'll just take the route concepts of Arizona paired with our running game tbh.
""
Wifey got me these just in time for the game next week. I've only ever had one other Jersey (Rice) so I'm hoping this one lasts me a little longer.
I have both of these as well lol. Nice threads.
Happy early birthday
[deleted]
Hopkins
Hopkins or Julio. Both win contested balls.  If we include TEs I’d add Kelce too.
"Allen Robinson. 

Dude is an absolute monster who’s game closest resembles Boldin. 

Massive catch radius-strongest hands in the league-crafty route runner-dominant run blocker-big body on the outside. 

Plus he’s on the outs in Chicago, is still young and would love the chance to finally catch passes from a QB that can get him the ball accurately."
I think Thielen would be a great fit.
Metcalf at the outside and CeeDee Lamb in the slot would be nice.
"Michael Thomas. He gets all the mid level passes our offense can’t seem to get. Possession chain mover. Hollywood over the top and Andrews over the middle and Thomas everywhere else. 

Or Tyreek Hill. Speed all day."
"None. I don’t think people understand that if the line can’t hold, that ball isn’t going to get to the receivers well enough or often enough.

But for the sake of the post - Robinson would be great. 

The dream would be Hopkins ofc!"
Lamar throwing the ball to Tyler Locket would give the league nightmares.
"Golden Tate realistically

DeAndre Hopkins in fantasy land"
"Engram. To replace Hurst for the double TE over the middle threat. Do it, EDC."
Is there any chance they would flex our game vs Pittsburgh to Sunday night instead of the Eagles Cowboys slug fest next week?
"Unfortunately not:/ 

 “The NFL will decide (after consultation with CBS, FOX, NBC) and announce as early as possible the game being played at 8:15 p.m. ET. The announcement will come no later than 12 days prior to the game.”

[nfl](https://www.nfl.com/schedules/flexible-scheduling-procedures)

I’m not sure about the possibility for 4 pm push, that will be better. If we don’t get Nantz and romo I quit lol"
We also have the Thanksgiving night game against Pittsburgh so...
"As a fan living in Europe, I really hope not!"
"In addition to what others said, a non-competitive NFC East game could still realistically get better viewership numbers than Ravens-Steelers. People love those fucking cowboys."
"No, there needs be at least 12 days before the game for it to get flexed. 

https://sports.morganwick.com/category/football/nfl/snf-flex-scheduling-watch/"
I don't think so.
We already are at our max prime time slot games allowed so sad to say it’s not possible
The only chance it might be flexed if either the cowboys or eagles come down with covid
[deleted]
Those were the days... Offense firing on all cylinders.
I hope we wear all black vs Pits
"Remember when they said ""Belichick knows how to beat Lamar Jackson he's just holding on to it for the playoffs."""
The stadium for the pats game was absolutely electric. I hope the lack of fans doesn't hurt us.
"Legit concerned of the AFCN now after Pitt beat the Titans. I was chalking up their record to their weak opponents for the first five games, but now they seem a little scary. We aren't nearly as strong offensively as we were last year."
"Technically, the last time an undefeated team came to Baltimore we lost to KC..."
What a night that was. And now I'm going to cry because Sunday should be just as electric.
Kansas City killed us the last time an undefeated team came to Baltimore.
"4.6x larger (5472x3648, 9.7MB) version of linked image:

[http://cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus\_image/image/65619037/1185328497.jpg.0.jpg](http://cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/65619037/1185328497.jpg.0.jpg)

*****

[why?](https://www.reddit.com/r/MaxImage/comments/ffxfj1/faq/) | to find larger images yourself: [extension](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/image-max-url/) / [userscript](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/36662-image-max-url) / [website](https://qsniyg.github.io/maxurl/) ([guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/MaxImage/wiki/pictures)) | [remove](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=MaxImageBot&subject=delete:+ga4ywe1&message=If%20you%20are%20the%20one%20who%20submitted%20the%20post%2C%20it%20should%20be%20deleted%20within%20~20%20seconds.%20If%20it%20isn%27t%2C%20please%20check%20the%20FAQ%3A%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FMaxImage%2Fcomments%2Fffxfj1%2Ffaq%2F)"
We lost to the colts in 2009?
"watching them play and have such good playcalling and play design pissed me off so much but in a good way. our offense should be able to be similar to theirs (yes we don’t have hopkins but still), they are able to scheme guys open so well and it’s not even like kyler is that much more accurate than lamar to the point where that’s the reason we can’t do what they do. 

tldr: i just needed to rant"
I thought the same thing. Their offense looks very similar to ours last year.
I felt this way watching the steelers game. Titans were down 2 score in the 4th and still ran the ball.
It’s amazing what WRs can do to an offense. They have 2 guys on their team right now who are better than any WR in Ravens history.
"You cant underestimate the effect having a guy like Hopkins makes to the whole offense. The attention he commands frees up others

Hoping we can trade for Gallup/Robinson/Jones/Golladay"
"> not even like Kyler is that much more accurate than Lamar

Look, I think Lamar is a great quarterback, but it terms of accuracy, Kyler is on a different level."
As  a Before boller fan of the Ravens I have love for Lamar but Kyler is better in every way when it comes to being a QB.
"With Michael Thomas having trade rumors surrounding him and Eric DeCosta being the fleecer he is. I'd love to see him on the Ravens addressing that need at WR. Shit, you can make the argument he is still a top 3 WR in the league right now by only playing one game. We throw in a 5th round pick for Thomas. Who says no?"
"i’d love to try some of that coke, where’d you get it?"
A top 5 receiver doesn't get traded for a 5th
"I mean, I don't think he ever leaves NO.. but I also wouldn't be upset with any kind of deal for him either.."
The saints would hang up and block edc's number if he offered that.
"AJ Green could probably be had for like a 3rd or 4th.  Not sure he's the same player now and he's always lacked heart, so maybe not."
"First of all, BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA you are actually out of your mind if you think this team will overspend on a guy who has played exactly one game this season. Second of all if Julio isn't moving there is no way in fuck Payton is that stupid he already squashed any trade rumors about Thomas. HAVE YOU SEEN THEIR OFFENSE WITHOUT HIM? 🤣🤣🤣"
""
Bye Week By The Numbers--Focused on season-to-date metrics which tell the story of the 2020 Ravens
"Nice, will listen to it tomorrow 🙌"
"Just making sure, is Dez Bryant going to take a while till he’s actually pulled up to the roster ready for gameday? Ik Yannick will most likely play vs the steelers but what about Dez?"
"Whenever Dez is officially signed to the team's practice squad (should be early this week), he can be called up at any time like any other practice squad member. So if he is signed, it will depend on how long it takes to get the playback down and get into shape."
"I don’t think the Ravens brought Dez on without doing their homework.  He’s probably in or very close to game shape, and given his previous elite receiver capabilities, I’d imagine he has an impressive football IQ to learn the playbook pretty quickly. It’s also not like our offense designs overly complex routes either.  This isn’t a Brady-Bellicheck playbook. 

The thing that will make or break this signing is if Lamar and Dez can get on the same page.  Chemistry is a big deal.   I imagine Dez has lost a step
Or two in the speed category, but if he can handle the underneath stuff and be a solid red zone target, we don’t need the speed.  Brown and Duvernay got us covered there.  

I’m just loving the idea of Dez, Andrews, and Boyle being the short/medium threats, and Hollywood + Duvernay going over the top.  Defenses won’t be able to dedicate everything to Andrews and Brown to shut down the pass."
"Yannick was pushed to have the deal done in time for him to get bis covid protocol out of the way so he could practice tomorrow with first team in order to play against Pittsburgh, Dez has still yet to complete his workout in order to join the practice squad"
I think he gets to the main roster by next week at the latest make sure he knows his routes and such and then hes in
Dez is not the answer.  He already lost a step and a half the last time he played and he's always had suspect hands.  He might add value as a cheerleader if he has his ego in check.
"OK, I admit it, I wrote that for the clickbait headline.  BUT, I do think it was less a good deal than everyone is hyping it up to be.  Then again, I might be missing something, so please educate me if I'm wrong here.

We gave up two mid-rounders - 2 guys we'd have for at least several years - for a rental (albeit a great rental) who is going to play 10 games for us.  With our salary cap and a big pay day coming, doesn't seem like we'd re-sign him after the season.

I've also heard we fleeced the Vikings because we essentially got one round better than them on the original trade.  BUT, back to the rental idea, he already played 5 of his 16 games when they traded him.  So of course we'd pay less for 10 games from him than we would have for 16 games.  Actually, the worth of 10 games might be even lower than it was for the vikings in comparison.

Of course, all this goes to say that I love our chances this year and I'm pumped that it might help get us over the hump.   But I do worry about it does to us in future years, wonder if we traded a bit too high, and if I'm missing something in all the hype.

Please let me know if I'm missing something!  Let's go flock!"
"Well, if yannick leaves in FA, we will get a third round comp pick back for him. So we basically traded a 5th for an elite edge rusher in an “all in” year. It a a brilliant win now move that doesn’t necessarily hamstring us moving forward. 

Mid round picks are lottery tickets, this is a sure thing to address our biggest weakness"
He's not a rental just pay him what we'd pay Judon. Couple contracts off the books and some money opens up for resigning players.
"The Yannick trade told us everything we needed to know about how the organization views Matthew Judon. That it is definitely his last year as a Raven. We gave Judon the tag strictly because we had nothing behind him and we were desperate. 


Now we have someone that can occasionally beat his man. Unlike Judon who relies being free because of a blitz or beating a TE whos blocking him."
"I see where you’re coming from a long term perspective and having those potential players on rookie contracts and taking into consideration our cap space. However I’ll just keep it simple in my explanation on why I think it was a great deal. 

A great defensive lineman who can get to the QB consistently is priceless. You throw whatever money/cap/picks at it because it’s that type of player that’s required to win it in big games and get to QB’s like Mahomes consistently without sending the house each play. We can see it with Zadarius Smith and the sub’s feeling towards him with how he has performed at the Packers. If we had him still we’d never make this trade in the first place. 

Point being is I trust EDC values that position and understands our needs, I’m sure he has plans to make up for whatever draft pick we’re giving away, plus I’m always optimistic that this organization can find a gem udfa in the next few years to make up for the loss of the pick."
"1. This is probably a sign that Judon is done, and the resources are going here.  

2. If Judon or Yannick leave via free agency, the Ravens will likely get a decent comp pick.  

3. When you have a team that’s right on the edge of being a Super Bowl contender, sometimes these are the moves that need to be made.  

Think about it, despite our offensive issues and less than stellar pass rush, we’ve still been consistently dunking on teams.  We’ve had some games to see the problems, and now EDC is working his hardest to patch things up.  One thing I love about EDC that annoyed me about later years Ozzie is that EDC seems much more willing to make the higher risk moves.  It might not pay off, but ever since EDC took over, it seems like he’s quick to find solutions to our woes, where a lot of the time with Ozzie it was all about comp picks and the draft."
"Its far to early to make that assumption.

The steelers are the test. It's our 2nd big game of the season. We have to win. We win. We're number 1. We lose and it's likely we'll have to stroll into the playoffs as a wildcard team. And whether it's the Bill's, Titans, or Chiefs.. that wild card weekend will be hard."
""
"Go to the ravens instagram. Right above all the posts they have a bunch of their old stories, click one that says ""Wallpapers"" and go all the way to the last few ones"
The dirty hit on Dalton reminded me...
"People question why Dallas would trade Gallup (or anyone) this season but their reaction to a dirty hit is why. 

They could still easily win their division yet there’s no reaction to a dirty hit on their QB. It wasn’t Dak but still, come on. Jensen tried to steal Kiko’s soul after that hit on Flacco, and we we were barely in the playoff hunt that year."
Fuck Kiko Alonso
"Fucking Fuck Kiko Fuck Alonsofuck shoulda been ejected, exactly the same dirty hit fuck"
Fuck Kiko Alonso. All my homies hate Kiko Alonso.
"I respect the ref for not penalizing Jensen for whooping Kiko. If you're going to take a cheap shot like that, you gotta answer the bell"
Wasn’t a dirty hit. Flaccos dumbass slid too late.
""
"I added the izz for me btw. QB1 is not hip to the meme yet.

and yes r/croppingishard. I was stupid and didn't notice"
""
And Fuck Kiko Alonso!
This is exactly what I thought of. Ryan Jensen immediately jumped on that piece of shit. Even Harbaugh got up in Alonso’s face about it.
Still hate Alonsos  dumb ass.
Embarrassing how they all just stood around spacing out after that hit. Yikes.
This is when Ryan Jensen made his mark on the league. I can't believe Kiko was allowed to play another snap that game...
Someone mentioned this on r/NFL yesterday and called it the “check please” play. I feel bad because that is a hilarious description. Fuck Kiko Alonso though
"Still can’t believe people thought this was a legal unintentional hit. Who tf does a  dolphin dive (no pun intended) tackle on a QB? He knew Flacco was going to slide, hence why he went that low."
"I'll always miss Ryan Jensen on the Ravens. He was always so dang fiesty, but not the irrational dickhead fiesty, but like a ""I got my teams back"" feisty."
i missed joe flacco there for a second. the only time i’ve seen him play since leaving the ravens he threw an interception.
Jeremy Maclin lol
This still makes me heated af. Dude should lose everything
I will forever love Jensen entirely from this one play. I would have loved to see more of the guys get after him in that situation.
"Says a lot that Maclin, who has said his heart wasn't really still in the game when he played for us, still got in Alonso's face more than anybody on Dallas did to Bostic."
"Bro if I was Ryan I couldn’t have stopped myself
From ripping that dudes helmet off and feeding it to him I was so mad when I watched that."
[deleted]
Bro what?? Are u suggesting trading for Simmons? r/ThisAintMadden
Arizona would be stupid to give up Simmons.
I wouldn't touch Simmons right now. I don't know what his problem is but Arizona does and he's hardly even playing.
""
OLine needs help.
Cautiously optimistic.  I’d be open to getting OLine help. I doubt we’d get much in terms of WR without paying a premium.  We’re down to I think 5 picks in the next draft?  I’d want to be careful trading away too much especially as a bunch of big contracts are about to be due and we’ll need solid drafting to stay competitive.
"We need O linemen desperately, other than Zeus and Stanley I dont trust any of them"
O line. O line. O line.      And maybe Julio Jones.
"Guys I think this is meant more like a general statement.  ""We got Yannick because we are not finished building this team.""

I wouldn't get your hopes up for more moves."
"""That's why we're forcing Lamar to pass. We're tanking for better picks next year.""

God I hope not."
"What else is he suppose to say? 


""Yup, I done with my job this year. Go win us one John!"" Lol."
hopefully we can pick up an olineman or even a cheap wr
EDC: https://youtu.be/0u7hDIy1jFA
Alex Mack pls
can we please get a good WR?
Rumors about the saints shopping Michael Thomas...
EDC: https://i.imgur.com/1lUADBn.jpg
Get us a receiving TE or a receiver not named Dez Bryant. Keep Dez but give us another legit receiver.
"Not done building? 

Super Bowl guaranteed.

The first of many in the DeCosta Jackson era 8."
If we do get someone else it will be a free agent signing. We dont have the cap or draft capital to go out and grab anyone sexy.
"Anyone here that’d have an interest in Marvin Jones? I feel like he’d be cheap, reliable, and anyhow veteran WRs are kinda our thang"
""
"Well I mean, Lamar didn’t really turn it on until after week 7 last year."
We didnt look domminate until after the Seattle game last year. We were 5-2 then. I guess everyone forgot about us beating AZ on the last drive or going into OT against a Benless Steelers team. /shrug
"Interesting stats. Idk I’ve been kind of in the camp that says he hasn’t been playing as well as last year, but looking at these makes me double take.

What is the offense missing, then?"
i’ve been thinking this whole season it seems lamar is doing pretty well in general he hasn’t really made many bad plays at all. our offense in general is just way more predictable and isn’t fooling anyone
"I think our offense is fine and we have been parking the bus early being up three scores this year,  where last year we kept our foot on the gas the entire game.  

However,  what this stat doesn't mention and the reason it goes off of yards per attempt instead of just yards is because last year through 6 games Lamar had 1507 passing yards and 460 rushing yards where this year he has had 1135 passing and 346 rushing yards.  The offense in general this year has 2053 total yards to last year's 2704 (93 yards per game). 

I personally 100% think our offense is fine and has just shifted to trying to protect the unanimous MVP instead of trying to run up scores, but it's also ignorant to think the offense this year is where the offense was at this time last year (which isn't saying much because last year our offense was literally record setting).

Stats all come from the source below.

https://www.pro-football-reference.com/teams/rav/2020.htm"
Lamar is going to be unleashed against the Steelers. Time is up for the NFL to see the Ravens figuring out what the defenses were trying to do. We have the fix and it's time to unload on the unsuspecting Steelers and other teams. We are going 10-0 the rest of the way and then then 3-0 to win the Lombardi. 13 more games to glory. Let's get it.
""
[deleted]
""
Very nice!
Vinny!
What's with the sleeves on the left one? Have not seen stripes on a Ravens uniform before.
Tony Banks' uncle had a yard sale?
Is that the logo we used without asking the artist? Looks like it that is some proper old school gear
[deleted]
Well they haven’t lost yet and they demolished a one loss browns team and a beat a undefeated team at their house. They should be ranked as a top 3 team
[deleted]
"Stop with this nonsense of them not beating anyone. You can only play who’s on your schedule and they haven’t dropped a single game yet. They are legit. 

With that said, I’m not betting against Harbs coming off a bye. I fully expect a win, but that doesn’t change the fact that the Steelers are a legit contender."
I've watched all of their games and I feel good about our chances. That being said they are a good team and it could go either way. We'll find out what kind of team we have on Sunday. Looking forward to it.
">considering they haven’t played anyone good outside of Tennessee

This is my thoughts exactly. I can't wait till Sunday to burst their bubble."
""
hahahahahaha legit
"I love the nonchalant ""and its good the ravens win"" right at the end"
It spoils you because you start watching the other games and wonder why these guys are missing field goals
"I still remember the moment when Tucker missed his first ever PAT against the Saints 2 years ago, wild game with an absolutely wacky ending"
These are awesome. “Yeah he’s gonna make that”
"I remember the first kick Tucker ever missed. 

It was 50+ yards in the pouring rain and I just thought, “yeah you’re okay, buddy.”"
Joe Noobo gotta love em
"And yet... there we were, all getting a beer because we would go to overtime against the Saints... only to watch history being written as he missed the PAT :("
"Hehe true.

O Tucker has to make a key FG?

K i'm going to the bathroom"
The video on autoplay for after this video is Justin kicking the game winner against NE. All around quality experience
""
"Nobody better fucking celebrate this or say any shit in the Browns subreddit. This sucks, hopefully he has a speedy recovery"
"Prayers for Humphrey!  No father should see his kid get hurt like this. 

Joking aside though,  wish the guy a speedy recovery!"
"And done while trying to make a tackle too, not even a standard WR play. Here's to him recovering."
I hate the browns but damn man this sucks. His career really went downhill and this is the cherry on top he will never be the same
No matter the team you never wish injury on a player hope he fully recovers
Iv despised this man since he proposed to the kicking net but goddamnit injuries suck. Hoping for a speedy recovery OBJ. 🙏
"No! What the fuck! God speed, OBJ."
This is a really shitty situation
Fuck injuries!
Fuck the Browns but injuries are stupid bullshit. I hope Beckham gets well and back to 100% soon. The league is always better with superstar players healthy and contributing.
"Poor dude, rest up and a speedy recovery."
"This has got to be one of the most injury filled seasons of the NFL in recent memory. So many players have been hurt. Hopefully he recovers okay, but man, somethings going on.
OBJ, CMC, Dalvin Cook, Micheal Thomas, Joe Mixon, Kenyan Drake, Dak Prescott, Aaron Jones, Tyrod Taylor, Miles Sanders, Marlon Mack... The list goes on. It's been a crazy season. Hopefully our guys stay safe and healthy."
"First, it sucks when anyone gets injured.  Wins against teams at full strength are always sweeter.

Also, I feel OBJ is a bigger distraction when he is actually playing.  It always seems like the Browns end up playing better when he isn't in the lineup."
Yea I don’t like the browns but I don’t like this even more
Shoulda seen the browns fans when devin bush got hurt. Disgusting
Have a speedy recovery OBJ. Hate your team and your antics but still support your recovery. No person deserves to be hurt like this. No matter the team.
"Obj needs to get the fuck off the Browns, that team is literal cancer"
This really sucks. I hate to see it happen to anyone and this season has been brutal for so many players it’s really sad to see.
No preseason and training camp is really looking stupid now isn’t it?
"Man I hate the Browns, but I don't want to see this shit happen to anyone."
Poor guy.  I think the browns still have enough to stay relevant tho.  Here's too a great 21/22 for OBJ!
Here's to hoping the homegirl heals hastily!
"Someone tell marlo to give his knee an extra kiss for me (but on the real, ya hate to see this stuff, and I hope he comes back stronger than before)"
"Typical big ego OBJ just *has* to be the guy to make the tackle 

/s"
[deleted]
No better time then this week to say FUCK THE STEELERS
Steelers week? More like steelers weak amirite.
"Fuck ‘em **TO THE WINDOOOWWWWSSSS**

#TO THE WALLS

#STEELERS FANS CAN SUCK MY BALLS"
"You know, over the last few years I stopped caring so much about the Steelers. I think I just hated the Patriots so much I had no more to give but now I can finally focus on where it matters most!"
"God, I hate the Steelers so much."
Fuck the Steelers!
You’re gonna lose so bad...
[deleted]
Bro WHAT? Ask yourself - have you ever heard of a first round pick being traded their rookie season? Please say this is a shitpost.
"He's not for sale, especially after he finally made an impact last night."
"I wouldn't even give up a third for Simmons at this point.

He is a supreme athlete w/ no position or polish to his game. He has proven very little in the NFL, even for a rookie."
""
I don't think that any of the Texans receivers would be worth it for us. What we really need is for Boykin to get on the same page as Lamar.
What are the Texans doing tbh?
Cooks gets traded every year and I wouldn't be against acquiring him. He can make big plays.
Will Fuller would be great but he’d be too expensive in terms of draft capital cost.
No Kenny stills please. He got hands like Perriman.
Can they get back Hopkins so we can trade them for him? Forgot BoB isn’t there anymore nvm
"Think the Pats will bring back Cooks, and given that they don't care about draft capital they will probably give up a 2nd round pick, which is what Houston probably wants in return (since they don't have a 1st and 2nd pick)"
I think what they need is a big dominant possession type WR. No one on the Texans fits that bill.
Not gonna be us. Fuller is made out of glass and they want a 2nd. He is a FA next year and not worth a pick for a rental
Will Fuller is #good
"That’s all.

Enjoy your day."
Fuck the Steelers 🍻
Fuck the Steelers 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Someone get this man a fucking beer 🍺
"West coast here. Can confirm, fuck the Steelers."
"Canadian checking in: 

FUCK THE STEELERS"
"Fuck the steelers from the South Coast of England 

Big truzz"
UK based fuck-the-Steelers too. Fuck'em from across the pond
You have a dick that extends across the Atlantic ocean! mighty proud of you.
Midwest here. Fuck the Steelers 🍻
Well put
"I couldn't agree more! Thanks for stopping by, friend."
FTS
Good fan!!
Same👍🏾
May they feast on their own bollucks.
I second that emotion!
"Checking in from Israel, FTS"
I love Steelers week
Fuck the steelers & are you in the UK ravens Facebook group?
Hey all I have a bet with a hard core steelers fan.  Whoever gets best reg season record gets the other person as slave for the day.  Im a huge Ravens fan but next weekend im worried!!
STOP BY ANY TIME
"New Zealand here checking in, echoing the same sentiment"
Fuck the Steelers
Fuck the Steelers from Germany!
F U C K    T H E    S T E E L E R S !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuck the Steelers! 🇩🇰
Rub old bay in their eyes and fuck fuck fuck em'
Fuck ‘em 🇩🇪
Fuck the steelers 🇮🇪
[deleted]
"Hi, u/Korppiukko here from Finland, we just got breaking news from the Finnish government. Prime minister Sanna Marin just announced to press: ”Fuck Pittsburgh”"
We dont even think about you...
[deleted]
What
""
yes thank goodness other people feel the same. I gotta wake up at 5 am during the week so late night games leave me tired as hell
"[Lmao, I miss Tony's personality ](https://twitter.com/_tonyjefferson/status/1320752645728944128?s=19)"
Yeah fuck late night games.
[deleted]
Big Sus
""
"Congratulations, I will plan a trip one day. If not I might hit up caliptastree"
"That’s awesome! I remember seeing your post, you wanted lighters too I think? But yea, really cool that someone hooked you up."
""
We cannot keep filling our roster with WR3s
No.
"Ahh fuck, this could cost us a comp pick"
Roberts did well in moments.  But he dropped one too many passes when it counted.
Already signed with the packers
"Practice squad sure, 53-man roster... nah"
Thought he was pretty good for us last year. Maybe we get him back?
""
"@jeffzrebiec when asked, 

>No, he hasn't signed yet. Takes 6 days to pass COVID protocol before he's even allowed in building. Then he'd have to take physical, workout, etc. Probably some resolution within 48 hours."
What's the latest we can sign him and have him play Sunday?
""
this could be a good opportunity for dobbins to really show what he’s got and for gus to step up to a bigger role. hopefully ingram being out doesn’t cause roman to make lamar throw 45 times tho that’s not gonna turn out well for us if we do that
Just hope they learned from the playoffs and just let him rest
Sit him. We need him for the stretch run!!!
#All aboard the Gus Bus choo choo ⛵
"Just start JK. No reason to rush him back anyway, and it'll give us a nice evaluation of Dobbins with a heavier role."
This is the beginning of the mid season takeover for Dobbins that we all envisioned.
I hope he's healthy. Ingram is a good blocker and we're gonna need that next sunday!
Yeah I think Mark's done after this year. He just hasn't been the same
[deleted]
Too early for draft talk?
"DL/OLB 

Keep in mind that Judon, Bowser, Ward, Wolf, Yannick, and McPhee are all pending Free Agents.  They might bring back 2-3 from that group,  but there will be a lot of playing time walking out the door."
IOL. Because drafting OLine first round is literally always a good choice
BPA
I'd say O line currently
O-Line or WR.
"OL.

SB Repeat Guaranteed."
O line or WR should we not get any
"OLB or DE/DT

Unless there’s some generational talent hanging around at guard/center"
"DL or OL

this team is built to win in the trenches"
"WR - Alabama - Jaylen Waddle 

Hate to say it but him being out the rest of the season may be an absolute blessing for us."
WR
"Assuming we get a mid/late round pick

IOL
 
Creed Humphrey

Wyatt Davis

Josh Myers


WR:

DeVonte Smith

Rashod Bateman"
Interior o-line or edge rusher. Hopefully we find a solid vet WR in free agency.
Guard
Have any season ticket holders been notified that you were selected in the lottery for Ravens-Steelers tickets?
"Nothing yet stating I was picked or if I didn’t get chosen. But with it only being 3800, I am sure many employees and family and friends got an opportunity to purchase as well. 

So it’s likely less than 3000 were released to the public. Also, cutting 2800 additional tickets from the upper level did not help. Likely due to not having to open the bathrooms and concessions and needing to pay people to clean and work the stands.

*edit to clarify something in the post."
"Not yet. Been wondering the same thing. Keeping checking email and account. I know a watched kettle never boils, but ... I can't help myself."
Nothing yet for me.
Nope nothing here
Negative. They said we'd know by 5PM Monday. Maybe we didn't make it. Or maybe they're still working on it.
Nothing yet. Just looked again
My friend won and was notified but he is a PSL owner.  Not sure if that changes anything. Best of luck.
Just got an email today that I got 4
[deleted]
"They are the NFC bengals, the lions are the NFC Browns"
"No, the Falcons are too good to be the Browns."
"You can only compare since both teams have been in existence.  So since 1966.  Since then, Falcons have 14 playoff appearances, 6 division crowns and 2 conference championships.  Browns have 14 playoff appearances (1 this century), 8 division crowns (1989 last one), and 2 conference championships.  

I wouldn’t call them NFC Browns.  They’ve had much, much more recent success to even compare."
Browns have eight (very old) NFL championships.   Falcons have never won a championship.
""
"I couldn't watch the video because this dude looks like a dorky looking douchebag. Was this a Buck Allen meme type of video, or is this dude really this stupid?"
Awww does someone need attention
Big Rape and the Steelers are overrated and overhyped. The Steelers fan base is talking like they are going 16-0 this season! Sorry to break it to you Pittsburgh But Lamar Jackson  and the  Baltimore Ravens are back and winning  this game #Baltimore # Ravens #NFL #steelersfansaredumb
Lol. This guy
"Yessir!! Lamar a Runningback, overrated and useless too! 

did i do that right guys?"
how many subs has this post gotten removed from
Our d is so much better than last year
""
The man didn't have a preseason. He's 5-1 and only getting better.
I love this perspective. I would be curious to see a comparison of our run game stats though. I realize our run game was historically good and you can't expect that kind of success every year but it doesn't feel like our identity this year like it did last year
This is damned good perspective.
Y’all remember when we beat the Seahawks last year @ Seattle and it give us a hugeee boost in confidence? I’m hoping we can re create that this week against a top 5 team. I don’t really see us losing to another team besides the Steelers. I’m probably reaching here but we can re create the season we had last year and top it off with a SB only other competition we have is the titans and maybe the Patriots but other than that we can really run the table
Show our yards per attempt passing.
[deleted]
Shrimp Alfredo
"Goat, because you are what you eat"
Red velvet cake after a nice shrimp alfredo
I think he’s been reported as a big fan of Ms. Carters Kitchen. Soul Food.
The browns
Other teams soul
You might be right man I could totally see him sippin on a nice refreshing strawberry milkshake after a game at his locker with his best bud Hollywood 🍓
"Obviously, Wheaties. The Breakfast of Champions™."
[deleted]
Fuller for me...
Fuller is there most impactful receiver in that he makes teams respect the deep ball but Cooks is there best WR and would be the best fit for us.
Definitely Fells. He should be pretty cheap and gives us the chance to use legit 3 TE sets again
"Fuller is an injury risk, and Cooks is a concussion risk. I would be wary about signing either.

Fells doesn’t excite me, but like you said a quality third TE could be valuable for us."
Wonder what it would take to have them let JJ Watt go? Maybe say....a 5th rounder!? /s
I like Cobb
"How about we cut Hollywood a break, I don't think hurting your foot once should able you injury prone.  Also too soon to call him just a speed guy"
"I just mainly wanted to share my excitement, I can't be more stoked to go.  I've been living in NY now for 5 years and haven't had a chance to go to a game in the Lamar Era but can finally go under unlikely circumstances, the last of which was winning in the lottery. 

If you want me to go check on your seats for you or something else let me know. Much love."
"Please scream really loud. 

If I hear you... it's Super Bowl guaranteed."
Puck fittsburgh!!!
How'd you get the tickets?
Jealous
How much did you pay for it?
"Sometimes I think I'm the only one still living in a pandemic lol.

Please stay home if you can."
We should have a code word... you scream it and then we know...
Ahhhhh enjoy! My first ravens game I ever got to go to was Lamar's debut completely by chance I got my ticket at the beginning of the year!! Have a blast you will love it he's so fun to watch in person!
Congrats Bro! i personally hope it’s not your best experience because i’m a... cough... steelers fan. but i hope u have a great time. i live in md and M&T bank stadium is a great experience
"Simple as that. 

With a win we announce ourselves as last year's Ravens, ready to fuck up the AFC North.

We lose and we might not see the playoffs."
I think it’s a little soon to be saying a loss against one of the leagues best means no playoffs.
...we are 5-1 we can afford a lost if it happens lol
A loss doesn't mean much. Ravens are going to the playoffs.
Horrible take
Uh there’s a good chance that 3 teams from our division make the playoffs this year
"After our bye, we usually make our presence felt! Time for our playoff push!!!"
"Don't forget there's an extra playoff spot starting this year, I hardly think 5-2 means we won't be in the playoffs. 

We've been spoiled the past couple years. Back with Flacco we were thrilled going 9-7 and squeezing a playoff birth out of it."
the schedule is too easy weeks 14-17 to miss playoffs lol
"Does this game have strong AFC North implications? Yes. 

Does a loss mean possibly missing the playoffs? Not at all. 

Hyperbolic takes like this are just as bad, if not worse, than declaring that we'll stunt on those hoes."
"This game is huge for the division title.

But both of these teams are almost certainly making the playoffs."
"I don't see any scenario in which we don't make the playoffs. 

Tbh, the only thing that matters to me for the rest of the season is fixing up holes and getting better with our execution. It doesn't matter if we get to last years form to go one and done again."
"Hmmm, maybe I worded this post wrong. Won't be the first time.

My point was in regard to our team's attitude and general outlook on the future.

Hope I'm wrong."
"Ah yes we will miss the playoffs that will now have 7 teams from all those juggernauts in the AFC...what a stupid ass statement. We will likely split the series against pitt this year, and probably drop a couple more like the Titans. We will be fine."
"Fan from Australia here, got hooked on nfl while in the states in 2017 and picked the ravens before the start of the 2018 season when we drafted lamar (worked out pretty well so far)   


anyone else on here from down under?   


FUCK THE STEELERS!"
"Yes mate.

Was the only ravens fan at the Grand Central in Brisbane during Superbowl in 2013. When the 49ers started to come back after the blackout I was copping it. Thank Christ for the goal line stand, fake punt and shutting down their last 'rugby union' lateral play. I was emotionally exhausted.

Fuck the Steelers."
"Seconded! From Melbourne here, have been a Ravens fan for about 10 years ago, and was very lucky to see us in Miami back in 2013 I think? Can't wait to get back!!



Oh, Fuck the Steelers!"
Checking in from Adelaide!!
"Another Aussie fan. I like black unis and ray Lewis.



Fuck
The 
Steelers."
Melbourne - caught a few games 4 years ago in Baltimore. Been a fun decade of ravens watching for me! Wrangled a few mates to the flock too
"From the states myself, but it's good to see the fuck the Steelers week become an international movement."
"Same. Was the only Raven supporter at tbe Hotel Alexandria, sitting right up the front. Copped a lot of abuse that day."
"#FUCK -THE - STEELERS

# OI OI OI"
"Glad to see our worldwide flock!!

FUCK THE STEELERS!"
"Native from Baltimore area, but my girlfriend is from Australia. Some family in Sydney, some in Melbourne. Was shocked to see how deep the flock runs!!!! Their family were fans before her fathers company relocated them to Baltimore area.

Btw.. Go Roosters💪🏽

Edit: Fuck the Steeeelers"
"Side note: i'm in syd. 

&#x200B;

you guys got NFL games pass? i swear there was more ravens games shown on espn / 7 mate last season"
yes FCUK us
"Baltimoron that’s lived in Melbourne for several years. Watched the last SB at Crown. Trying to convert all my aussie friends to ravens fans. Here’s to gettin up to watch us kick the shit out of Pittsburgh. When this whole covid thing is done, we need to all watch a game together. Maybe one in feb?"
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jiudkb)"
Yellow and black kinda suss
Wait!!!!! I want to vote again!!!
Some hot takes here
[deleted]
"Tomorrow,  they rushed to get his deal done so he could do his covid protocol and 2 day quarantine prior to the facility for practice, same with Dez's tryout with 2 others"
"Just a thought, I don't think the vikings were as stupid as people think they are with the Yannick trade.

First off the Vikings gave up a 2nd round draft pick, and a conditional 5th round pick. 

Vikings made this deal thinking they would be contenders for the play offs...they are at 1 and 5 they ain't going to the playoffs.

Yannick is a very good linebacker, his rookie contract is up this year (the contract we now have him on) top end linebackers are getting $15+ Million a year. He could be expecting a payday of $20+ Million a year or more. Now we know the cap is likely to go down for 2021. Many teams are going be facing tough decisions and the question the Vikings needed to ask themselves

Do we keep a star like Yannick on our team knowing full well that come next season he's going be demanding a big payday...or do we trade him and get some draft picks to use to rebuild a team with.

Now what we did we give the Vikings for Yannick

* 3rd round 2021 draft pick
* Conditional 5th round pick for 2022

Now I couldn't find out what the conditions for the 5th round pick is but basically the Vikings got back almost what they gave, which is more value to them if they had kept him. Had they kept him ok, their team gets a few more sacks, maybe produces a few more turn overs, they still don't make it to the play offs. Yannick goes into free agency and its unlikely the Vikings would have been able to pay Yannick enough to stay.

The Ravens are a play off contender team, also Yannick wanted to be back in Maryland. Yannick wants a ring, and the Ravens is the perfect combo. Who knows maybe because of those factors we get a team friendly deal out of Yannick. If not? Well he's very likely to help us making a deeper run this year in the play offs which is something we are all hoping for.

This deal was good for both sides. Hindsight is 20/20 and I'm sure the Vikings would have prefered to have never acquired Yannick, but at least they got most of what they paid for him back. I think Eric DeCosta saw that, and that is why we got such a great deal for Yannick."
Agree. Sunk Cost Fallacy.
"Steelers fan coming here in peace. I was so upset when you guys traded for Yannick, it felt like the only piece missing on an already amazing defense. How does your front office seem to constantly get these talented guys for next to no draft capitol? It's starting to feel a bit unfair lol. I'm looking forward to this Sunday, it should be an awesome game like most times we play you guys."
Conditions on the 5th are it becomes a 4th if Yannick makes 1st team All-Pro
"Thing is they would probably have gotten a 3rd round come pick for him anyways but that would have been for 2022. Basically they got a 5th rounder back and got a 1year advance on their 3rd rounder, all the while helping tank for a better pick. It’s not a horrible trade but I’m surprised they couldn’t get a 2nd back for him"
"Don't forget comp picks. The Viks would have gotten one if(when) he left in free agency, and we will get one if we don't give him a big deal and he walks after half a season with us. So Viks basically get a conditional 5th for him, because they'd have likely gotten a compensatory 3rd for him assuming a big contract elsewhere. Now if we end up losing him we get the comp pick instead, so worst case scenario we get a fantastic player for half a season and it just cost us a conditional 5th. Best case, we extend him and he becomes a long term member of the flock."
"Yeah, they're just trying to make the best out of a bad situation by recouping draft picks while also jettisoning a pricey player. Not as awful on their part as people make it out to believe. They're prepping for the tank."
"**2019 Week 4: Ravens lose to Browns 40-25:**

* Ravens ILBs were abused both in run and pass coverage.  Afterwards, the Ravens signed experienced ILBs LJ Fort and Josh Bynes to take over for the mistake prone Kenny Young. These 2 players greatly exceed their midseason signing expectations.

&#x200B;

**2019 Week 6: Ravens beat Bengals 23-17:**

* Entering this game, the Ravens were down their slot CB and CB2. As a result, the Ravens had Carr at CB1, Averett at CB2, and Humphrey in the slot. A horrible Bengals offense was suffocated on most fronts but were able to move the chains vs the weak link CB Anthony Averett. The Ravens defense could not function with such a weak secondary that they needed desperately to make up for the weak pass rush. This resulted in the Ravens trading for CB Marcus Peters, who quickly replaced Averett and turned a weakness to a strength.

&#x200B;

**2019 AFC Playoffs Divisional Round: Ravens lose to Titans 28-12:**

* The Ravens didn't trust Gus Edwards to replace Mark Ingram so the offense had to rely on solely Lamar all game. As great as Lamar is, he can't carry an entire offense on his own. To make sure they're never in this situation again, they draft JK Dobbins to deepen the RB group and have a backup plan for Ingram.
* Derrick Henry ran all over a Ravens defense that was weak in run defense and relied on their elite secondary. The Ravens defense relied on the Ravens offense scoring points quickly to force the opposing offense to abandon the run and attack the strength of the Ravens defense, their secondary. However, the Ravens realized that they need a contingency, a backup plan to win games that don't initially go as planned. They were exposed that teams could beat them if they take an early lead and their team is built entirely on snowballing an early game lead. To counter this, the Ravens made signings to bolster their run defense and  give their team a chance in games where their offense doesn't get off to a hot start: Calais Campbell, Derek Wolf, Justin Madubuike, Malik Harrison, and Patrick Queen.

&#x200B;

**2020 Week 3: Ravens lose to Chiefs 34-20:**

* The Ravens defense relied on blitzing to generate pass rush and let their secondary do the rest. Mahomes is a blitz killer and knew exactly how to attack the blitz. The Ravens get Yannick Ngakoue to pair with Calais Campbell and make a decent pass rush at least. Therefore, they don't have to blitz as much against elite minds that know how to deal with blitzes.
* Ravens offense went pass heavy way too quickly after just a 3 point deficit. This was a panic move and we won't know this issue is fixed until the Ravens are in a similar situation where they are down by 1 score. **\[Issue unresolved\]**
* Ravens offense couldn't play from behind because of a lackluster pass offense largely due to unreliable targets. Andrews is obviously reliable and Brown has his moments but an offense can't just have one reliable target or else defenses will key in on him. Defenses have been keying in on Andrews a lot this year. I think the next and final move the Ravens will make before  the trade deadline is a 2nd reliable target for Lamar. An Edelman like WR that has high agility and YAC to excel underneath. **\[Issue unresolved**"
I think duvernay would be a great YAC receiver but doesn’t look like we are scheming plays for him. At least not yet. I want to see him on slants and crossing routes so show off his speed
"This is a great.  EDC is very good at addressing holes in the roster.  The problem is, and has always been, that Harbaugh is only as good as his coordinators and right now they aren't very good at adjusting.

Roman came up with a good scheme last year but has been unable to adjust to the league.  His schemes don't produce open recievers, he doesn't throw screens and he abandons the run.  Part of this is personnel, you cant fix Boykin choosing the wrong options, but its gotta get better.

Wink has built one of the best defenses in the league but when forced to contain Mahomes his go to was blitz after blitz, which Reid beat with screen after screen. Yannick should go a long was to fixing this but this defense still needs to play better against good offenses."
Andrews is not reliable. He dropped like 10 passes in the chiefs game including TD.
I think they need a big body guy that they wanted Boykin to become. Their slot is covered between Snead and Duvernay. They also need an OL.
"While I agree that Andrews is normally reliable, the thing that stands out to me is how much he dropped passes in the Titans and Chiefs losses.  It's like when he gets the yips... The offense sputters.  Anyone else notice that?"
"I really hope Roman took this bye week as an opportunity to draw up some schemes to get guys open. Defenses adjusted and have been able to shut our O down. Now we have to adjust and figure out what they’re doing and how we can counter it. 

That and getting Duvernay and Dobbins involved more will help. They’re both more explosive than our other options at those positions and they need to get more touches."
The team seems to get cocky whe ahead and then they make mistakes.  Its cost them repeatedly.
"Doesn’t the Dez signing address issue number 3 for this year?  

Sure we don’t know if it will work out, but a solid move has been made.  

I’m more concerned about the interior O-line.  Having four D.Hopkins out there won’t matter if Lamar is running for his life every play."
[deleted]
Same. I’ll give him a call later and ask.
""
"We don't need *another* DE, and Griffin has not been good this year."
If were trading with the Cowgirls give me Gallup
We might wanna be careful giving up too many picks. Especially when they’re for aging guys like Everson Griffin.
Nah this isn’t a good trade at all even for a 5th.
"Lions gave Dallas a conditional 6th, doing their best EDC impression"
"This makes absolutely no sense, they need to stop beefing up the defense and address the OL. This ain't gonna happen EDC can't be involved in something do daft."
"Lol I guess I should’ve prefaced this post by saying that I’m just poking fun at the idea that it seems like EDC can get anyone he wants for a fifth round pick. I for one don’t really want Everson Griffin nor do I think we need him, just thought it’d be a nice little joke"
"We don't need a DE now , the only one I'd consider trading for is JJ Watt"
""
"the contract was never the problem, it was more that two of the most well-run and stable organizations in the NFL decided it wasn't worth having a top 5 WR on their team"
I told someone like a week ago AB isnt getting a star or even average contract at his position. He was gonna have to earn it just like Cam does.
"$0.00 guaranteed money. That means anybody could've had him, but only one team wanted him."
[removed]
"https://www.epa.gov/lead/forms/lead-hotline-national-lead-information-center#:~:text=By%20Phone%3A%20Call%20and%20speak,424-LEAD%20%5B5323%5D."
His passing stats so far are as good or better than at the same point last year. He’s not running as much and that’s deliberate. Have patience friend!
""
"I’m a simple man. I see Jojo, and I see truzz, and I upvotes."
I’ve been out the anime game a while...
As a jojo fan and a ravens fan this makes me feel happiness
Lol this is awesome. Do I need to finish watching this show? Only got like 1.5 seasons in
"""So my defense, star purple is the same as your steel curtain..."""
Big Ben out there like some walking road rolla so we gotta use the same type of pass rush to get to him
Now we need JoJo memes for Patrick “Killa” Queen
"Amazing. Conflicting because my screen name everywhere else is ""It was I, Dio!"" But amazing."
u/Savethisvideo
Is this anime good ?
PLEASE all the Jojo Ravens gifs we can make. My two favorite things!
This is awesome man
OH MY GOD-UH!!!!
So.... what happens?
This is amazing.
That’s some top tier shit right there
"FUCK THE STEELERS

Having said that, I was so mad when they took Chase Claypool.

Fuck the Steelers."
"I'm another longtime Ravens fan from north of the border. I made it down to MT Bank in 2010 when we beat the saints. I had to watch my guys Ed Reed and Jarret Johnson do their thing. I made the short trip down to Cleveland last year to watch Lamar for the first time, all the Cleveland fans thought I was from Ocean City, I had to look up Ocean City after the game. As always fuck the Steelers."
One of us. One of us. One of us
"Another Canadian Ravens fan woop woop!


Yeah I was made they got Claypool too - saw a guy with a jersey of his a few weeks ago. 


Depending on where you are in Canada, the drive to Baltimore isn’t remarkably far - around 8 hours anywhere between Montreal and Toronto. Really worth it, 100% recommend when allowed again."
"Ravens fan from Alberta here. FUCK THE STEELERS.

I feel you on Claypool though

&#x200B;

edit: autocorrect got me"
"Welcome to the coolest fans around, eh?!"
"Longtime Ravens fan from Alabama here! FUCK. THE. STEELERS! EDC has a slong so big elephants look on in envy! Also, browns fans: STFU about us stealing your team. You don’t know pain! 

Phew... that felt good"
NHL team?
"As a Norte Dame guy, I didn’t think he would be as good as he’s been. I swear it isn’t the Pitt front office nailing receiver picks, it is some magic shit in the water in Pittsburgh and you cannot tell me otherwise."
I think it's dope that the flock is worldwide and love hearing from fans from other countries.
Chiming in from Canada as well!  What made the Ravens your team for you?
"There are literally dozens of us! Checking in from Vancouver. Got to go to the Seahawks game last year for my birthday, went alone and spent the whole day drinking - purple jerseys went nuts after the Peters pick-six. Went out to celebrate after, and everyone was really friendly 
(Seahawks and Ravens fans alike).

FUCK THE STEELERS."
"Canadians!
Welcome friends. Question, are any of you CFL fans as well? If so, what team?
Thoughts on NFL expansion in Canada?

Ok more than 1 question.

Fuck the Steelers!"
"#WeTheNorth

Made to the NYE game against the Bengals for my first ever NFL game and damn it was colder than the North lol"
Andrews and Ertz would’ve been a deadly duo 😢
F5 all day
My gf is an eagles fan so I watch a ton of their games.... the Eagles haven’t targeted Ertz often this year. Half of his targets are last ditch thrones either in double coverage or too high/low...they’ve also been trying to develop their younger guys since they’re often way more open.  Ertz is an All-Pro TE..in a shitty situation... I’d be pumped to see him in Baltimore
Ertz has been booty cheeks all season.  I picked up his backup on the waver after he went down and the backup played far better than ertz has.
We got rid of Hurst because there weren't enough targets for him here.  Maybe I'm missing something.
"4-6 week timetable, may even be cheaper for a playoff type move"
Hope this means in general that we are looking to add a 3rd tight end.
No Nick Boyle love here?? Lol
"Would be cool if they added another *legit* tight end. Hopefully they keep trying, perhaps someone not as good as Ertz but an average/serviceable TE available for a late round pick. Already low on draft capital this year with 3rd gone and only 1 projected comp pick."
""
Once in a while.  It is usually game day only. I have enough Ravens shirts either way.
"Wearing one right now, my friend"
I do Sundays and Victory Mondays
"Sometimes, my jersey is actually really hot, I sweat my balls off in it."
"Purple Friday and game day for me. Although today I'm wearing my purple shirt with the most interesting man saying, ""I don't always hate, but when I do I prefer to hate the Pittsburgh Steelers"". I always wear this one on Friday before a Steelers game. It's getting a little tight now that I've put on some quarantine weight though."
"I might wear mine for other football events (I.e. the super bowl, UMD tailgates, etc)."
"I got my first ever jersey this summer and wore it like every day almost 
Now I wear it strictly during Gameday"
"I have 4 jerseys, 2 that fit me. My one Lamar jersey and my ray Lewis jersey. The Ray Lewis jersey is game day exclusive because it’s my good luck jersey. My Lamar jersey is more casual and I will wear it once in a blue moon."
"Not really, unless it’s a specific football themed event. We have a sports team day at work, so things like that."
"I wear my jerseys only on game day, otherwise it hangs in my office. I wear my Vintage ravens sweatshirt lots tho"
Purple Friday and gameday most of the time. But Steelers week I wear one every day.
I would. If I had one :/
""
"http://marylandsportsblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/DezR-2-1024x787.jpg

This is her now.  Feel old yet?

I’m seriousness this is amazing!  What an experience!"
That’s great! This game was a sizable comeback too. Down 24-6 at halftime we roared back to win.
Very cool!
Awesome!  Still can’t believe she had to run all the way onto the field to social distance tho.
Without looking anything up I’m going to venture a guess – Kamar Aiken?
""
"Everything about this is fantastic. Rooftop deck, Brewer's Hill, big old Ravens flag chilling on the roof. Big Truss"
I see you are a man of culture
Natty Boh!
Now I’ll easily find your house. Maybe we can watch the games together. /s
"Wow this is such a baller thing to do, you should do Ravens sounds when we win as well"
"I just moved, but prior to that we must have been some kind of neighbors. I was down a few blocks."
""
Personally it does feel like steelers week to me so I dont really care about the top caption. But interesting that we have the point advantage. 23 all.
I’ll be honest I’m pretty fuckin scared for Sunday given how bad our performance was against KC
""
[deleted]
EVERYBODY GET IN HERE!
""
"We extended Humphrey, extended Stanley, and traded for Ngakoue all in the same month. I swear, watching our front office make moves is almost as fun as watching the team play on Sundays."
This is excellent news. Now hit me with some sweet guard acquisition.
"[LETS FUCKING GOOO](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ETasIBsXkAMoev3.jpg)


Ravens gave LT Ronnie Stanley a 5-year, $98.75 million extension, per source. 


https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/status/1322166057973518336?s=20"
They pulled it off & avoided the franchise tag! De Costa is truly one of the best.
EDC is having an MVP year from the GM position
Who is next ?
"Hell yeah! EDC locking up an integral part of the line for half a decade. Man, we're lucky to have such a good GM and such a strong young core of talented players with awesome attitudes."
"yayayayayayayay

Now neutralize BJ watt pls


not a typo"
Freeing up cap space for another acquisition before the deadline? Who do we add?
Fuuuuuck yesssss
"Hey Ronnie you can take less money and try to make a multiple year run at the title or you can go to the Jets. 

Your pick.

Oh... you want to stay? That's awesome. 

**SUPER BOWL GUARANTEED.**"
Does this free up any cap room?
"Let’s not forget we thank the Wizard of Ozzie for a resurgence in his ability to find key players in his final years before retiring.
3 of his last 4 1st round picks are look to be long term superstars: Humphrey, Stanley and our llama. (Even Hurst deserves an honorable mention. He had two solids seasons and we traded him so he could earn a bigger payday w/o sharing playing time with Mandrews and Boyle.)

Edit: retiring as GM. He’s still around watching tape and providing insight for EDC."
I was honestly worried that we would lose him!  I think he’s the biggest piece of this offense (even more critical than Lamar). Very important extension
EDC plays chess while everyone else plays checkers.
F TRUMP AND BIDEN....EDC FOR PRESIDENT!!!
I think we will extend ngakoue at some point to but I think you wait till after the season because it would upset judon and cause locker room issues. I think hes a better player then judon. A good amont of judon's sacks are because the blitz and ngakoue has more skills to beat blockers I think
TRUZZZZZZZ
Huge.
Congratulations!!! Notre Dame fans are proud.
Bruh I was just dreaming (literally just woke up) that we were about to let him walk or something. So glad this happened instead!
"That’s excellent news, one of the best LTs in the business and that’s a stud at a premium position that will be wearing purple for a long time. 

Forgive my cap ignorance, it’s never something I’ve really understood - it seems like we’ve been spending a lot of money on contracts, between Clark, Peters, Marlo, and now Stanley. Does this affect us potentially signing Yannick long-term this off-season or Lamar’s extension in the future?"
Biggest piece of our core besides LaMar that had to be signed. I was very afraid we’d lose him - this is huge! EDC how ya do that!
[Had to put on shades to witness this immaculate W](https://compote.slate.com/images/40d49401-17a3-4a05-b07e-15a4c84a0ee9.jpeg?width=780&height=520&rect=2498x1665&offset=0x402)
YESSSSSS!!! Thank God. Whew.
"nice, i knew it was gonna get done"
"Besides QB, shoring up the best O-lineman to be the QB’s bodyguard, essentially, is a absolute must. Top 2-3 moves. Ronnie is fucking worth every bit

EDC does it again."
YESSIR!!!!!!!!
[deleted]
FUCK YESSSSSSSSSSS
What a fucking relief
Damn I thought at least on of the Marlon/Stanley contract was going to get a bit messy. Just EDC slinging the fastest schlong in the east yet again.
I am also extended after hearing the news.
A Guard now please.
The trade Ronnie crowd not gonna be happy about this
That's a lot of money for a guy who gets injured as much as him.
[deleted]
""
Nice
""
"Finally the ""should we just let Ronnie walk"" discussions can be over. Dude is elite and is going to be a Raven for a long time protecting our franchise player. It's actually a team friendly deal imo."
5 for 98.75
"LETS FUCKIN GO!!! 

We win games in the trenches. Live by the line, die by the line. Stanley could be the new Yanda cornerstone of the Offensive Line for years to come."
It appears to be a five year extension. Big Dick DeCosta does it again!
MY PENIS IS EXTENDED
Anybody got any numbers yet?
Worth every $.
So extensions mid season... how does that affect our current cap space? Someone school me
"LET’S GO!!!

I need to replace my Yanda jersey (it’s two sizes too big now).  Was looking at a Stanley jersey, but was hesitant about losing him. Not anymore!"
**Ron**\-tract *X*\_\_**Stan**\-sion\_\_
Hell yeah!  Wonder what the deal looks like.
[deleted]
""
big number
Glad we locked up Stanley but just wanna take a moment to say fuck BOB
Thanks Houston
I’m happy. Locked up Fruit Punch and Ronnie in season. Franchise looking good for the long term.
"According to Zrebiec, it’s only 19.75  per year. Which means the rest is coming from incentives"
"$22.57M APY.... it is a lot but will be worth it. He was a 1st team All Pro at age 26. Glad we are locking him down for the long haul and don't have to worry about his free agency. We also could very well look at locking down 1 of Judon/Yannick and tagging the other.

Also, what a pick by Ozzie in 2016... that class was pretty loaded at the top but I know a lot of people were disappointed we didn't get Ramsey and it worked out just fine.

EDIT: apparently the deal starts in 2021 and is $98.75M over the 5 years, so $19.75M which is even better and under the Tunsil cap hit."
Does this free any cap space up this year? Seems like DeCosta could be getting this done to make some room for some signings
I love waking up to this kind of news.
DeCosta ain't done yet.
But did he score a 99 in protective instincts?
"6oa pick from a 5-11 season where we swept the Steelers

What a great year to be a “loser” 💜🖤"
What’s the signing bonus? I think that’s really the number that matters most with these deals since any other guaranteed money can be restructured.
Thanks BOB
WOOOOO HOOOOOO!!!!!!!
hoooooly shit
RON THE DON AINT GOIN ANYWHERE
"For everyone saying thanks BOB, we did actually get Ronnie for less than Tunsil. This is a pretty good deal"
He can rescue so many more dogs with that $$$!!
Fuck
[deleted]
"So my son is sitting on his remote learning morning session and I hear the teacher say, ""I'm wearing purple because it's positive.""

And I yell out, ""He should be wearing purple because it's Purple Friday!""

I'm pretty sure he heard me.

Oh well, gotta set the record straight."
I wonder if this move freed up cap space and is a precursor to another move ?
It's the precursor to being able to fit Yannick under the cap.
He was in the last year of his contract.
[deleted]
"This sub has grown a lot since Lamar was drafted, figured I’d repost this from awhile ago to let them see. One of the best articles I’ve ever read"
""
Hines ward can eat my shit
[Hines Ward can punch himself in the dick.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfM6VLqh95M)
"An oldie but goodie.

I love how Baltimoreans give Ward a proper welcome when he visits to the point he can’t even trust the hotel cooks not to mess with his food.😈"
That was a great read lol. I still love that Ray Lewis hit to this day.
Maybe its cause I hate his guts but every Hines Ward quote oozes obnoxious shithead energy
Love ya Ed but Hines Ward can fuck right off I don’t give a shit what he has to say
Any audio for this?
[deleted]
""
I feel like this is a side of Lamar most people don't get to see. Also this podcast is the GOAT
Looooove this! Thanks for sharing it.
""
Don’t they use the same trainer?
Hollywood’s helmet makes him look like the alien from Alien.
Dez isn't wearing an 80's number?
Hollywood looks like a middle schooler lol
""
"This is quality content.  Makes me feel better about our chances of slowing down their offense.    


Still worried about our offense's regression though.  Hopefully they got some things figured out over the bye."
All i'm hearing is that this is going to be a defensive slugfest.
Interesting stats regarding the steelers passing yardage but it just confirms that Ben is a BITCH and can't throw more than 10 yards.
These previews are always great and really informative.  Probably my favorite content the NFL puts out besides the games obviously.
"Devils advocate:  Kansas fucking *burned* us down the field. 

Who’s to say Tomlin won’t send JuJu deep on every other play? If these stats are available to us, then they sure as hell are available to NFL coaches. 

Every time we play PIT it’s a surprise, so I wouldn’t bank on victory just because we’ve been good at stopping the “dink and dunk” type of offenses so far. 

Also, **fuck the steelers**"
Well now I'm terrified we'll lose cause next gen stats presented by Amazon are utter trash. I feel like they list make that batch probability shit up on the spot.
"makes me feel a little better, but i still think the bigger story is how our offense deals with their defense"
""
Ayyyyyy
Omg!   Where you get the jordans!!!!!
That looks sick I got yeezys with ravens design ima be rockin them
"Mine just came today annnnnd I’ll be wearing mine with my Hollywood jersey, you know, so we don’t match"
Those Jordan’s are so clean 😫 Im about to pick me up a pair soon
"Not the biggest fans of Jordans, but these are niiiiice.

I am a huge fan of Lamar though.

**#stuntonthesehoes**"
""
Damn. And I was grumpy because it's a little chilly in MD. Thanks for giving me perspective!
What's with the Pats in the back though?
Where is this?
Lamar in a snow game would be nice
""
When he said “?????” I felt that
"""They don't make good music anymore"""
“Now who the fuck pick this little sowwy ass beat”
lmao
What’s this from
best freshman cypher & that’s factz
[deleted]
Rappers these days are SO BAD
Is this legit listened too?
"I’ve been an avid Ravens fan since 2010. I’ve got to witness some great moments in the rivalry but I always feel like I missed the prime matches in the early 2000s. I think the rivalry has been great but fell off a little the last couple of years but I feel this game could be heavy knockout because of the records of both team and you have so many shit talkers and Alpha male players especially on the defenses. Ravens: Calais Campbell, Matt Judon, Patrick queen, Marcus Peters, and Marlon Humprey. Steelers: TJ Watt, Cam Heyward, Bud Dupree, and Minkah. Hoping for an old school Ravens Steelers matchup. Anyone else feel this way?"
who in the hell is patrick mcqueen
I am not at all excited LOL but I am a worrier
[deleted]
""
I feel old
I am so nervous for Sunday and this is contributing to my anxiety!
Reports from practice say he is a wrecking ball in practice and not missing a single snap. Let’s go!
105.7 stinks worst than doo doo
Oh Christ.. imagine what watt snd Dupree are gonna do😃
"[https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1322258158413324288?s=20](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1322258158413324288?s=20)

It's this kind of stuff that really get's me excited about having Dez on the team. I think his veteran leadership and his determination to get back to somewhat a significant role on a team is going to hopefully be a big factor after our bye"
"Hell yeah Dez. He seems HUNGRY to get back and be a positive force in this league. 

Worst case scenario, we have a decent veteran presence in a position of need. Best case, Dez balls out and shows everyone he’s still fuckin got it."
Please activate him soon even if it’s just one catch
"This type of knowledge in so valuable to young players. This I think was a smart business move on signing him. We all hope it translates to the field, but I don’t have high hopes. But a veteran presence is certainly needed."
I'd take him even being a decoy to get Hollywood in some more favorable positions
"Yeah I like that! 

At the very least Dez can teach our young receivers about the nuisances of the position at the pro level. Hoping he can lead by example on the field at some point too but that is a bonus at this stage. 

EDC has done an outstanding job not only this season but since he took over imo."
Only bad thing is he made 1 hand catches and had to repeat the drill.... XD
This warms my heart
Dez coming in and working with the younger players was a big reason why I loved the signing
I've always thought we were missing that VET on the offensive side
"What about like.. speed, route running, playbook competency, hands."
"I'm happy and excited for Dez! I know expectations are low but that makes it even more satisfying when he goes out and plays well sense mostly everyone has low expectations.

They need to activate this man next week 😂"
"Pass from #8, caught by #11, = #88"
I think Dez is just so happy to be back playing football in any capacity. I think he's energized and enthused about playing for the Ravens with Lamar as QB. I also think he'll be suiting up for us sooner rather than later. Would I be shocked to see him get activated this week? No but it would be surprising. I think we've got ourselves the next 30+ yr old super star receiver folks. He's going to make our team better.
Ravens Legens Dez Bryant.
"Dez is ready for revenge.

He gets the start in three weeks.

Watch the numbers for Hollywood go berserk as he feels less pressure both mentally and at the line of scrimmage.

**Super Bowl guaranteed.**"
"This really excites me because having a veteran WR on our team who is looking to be a mentor to developing players is something our organization has never been able to produce on their own. If Dez can keep putting in hard work, stay positive, and keep mentoring younger players, he could be a changing force in our WR group for the next half a decade at least."
""
Can I buy that fuckin Lamar jersey anywhere?
Why was 7 afraid 8?
Yessssss sirrrrrrrrrrr
This looks like a........DAAAAAAYUUUUUMMMMMM you see that girl!?!
Where can I get these fitted jerseys
I need to know the context!
The lights make their helmets look out of this world!
After seeing all these kickers miss crucial field goals this year and QBs not being inconsistent. I appreciate ours so much more.
1 Goat and it ain't number 8... Yet ;)
Here we go Steelers
"With Mark Ingram likely out Sunday against the Steelers with an ankle injury, we’re going to see a lot of Gus Edwards in a game where the Ravens will be grinding out for every single yard."
"Ingram got downgraded to Doubtful today and wasn't at the facility on injury, good indicator Gus and Dobbins split Sunday, tho I'd be shocked if Hill wasnt activated"
"The Ravens offense will only be on the field once all game, and that'll be to start the 2nd half. Steelers will lose the toss and start the game with the ball. Every possession will result in a defensive score for the Ravens. 

Tucker kickoff -> steeler turnover and raven score

Rinse and repeat."
I reduce we’ll see even more of Dobbins and Duv. Maybe get an air game going with Hollywood-Mandrews-Mamba
Activate Hill!!!
"Ravens fan residing in Philly here. Heading back to the hometown for the game on Sunday and want some input on which jersey to wear.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jl4ih4)"
"I usually go with the color we're wearing that week, so either Lamar or Hollywood. I have a purple Lamar, black Tucker, and white Flacco. I prefer wearing jersey of players actively on the roster so probably gonna get a white Humphrey jersey next."
I'm feeling my Suggs black. Always wear it during rivalry games!
"I never understand why people ask strangers which jersey to purchase/wear. 

Just pick your favorite or the one that's calling your name"
I wear whatever color the team is wearing
Where did you get a white Humphrey Jersey? I’ve been looking and can’t find one!
i’m going white humphrey sunday. banking on another FF and FR for marlo
"I would say go the one we're wearing tomorrow, but then I realized we don't know what we're wearing tomorrow. That's really strange"
My purple jerseys seem luckier than my black ones. Not even kidding. My luckiest is a kids size Lamar color rush (I’m a woman) - I looked like a scrub all last season because when we went on the hot streak I had to then wear it for every single game.
"Plz help me, I’m scared and confused. I live in the Los Angeles area. I just looked at what CBS has scheduled for 10am on Sunday, and it’s not any one of the several NFL games supposedly being broadcasted on CBS, including the best game of the week. 

I have no special NFL streaming packages, so is my only option to head to a sports bar (with outdoor seating, of course), or find some shady streams? Am I missing something, and CBS is actually broadcasting the game in So Cal? I just got wanna watch my boys pound on them Squeelers"
I always find a stream on my computer. I can't remember the last time I watched a professional sporting event on my television.
NFLbite + firestick + airscreen app
I am located in San Bernardino county and I just watch all the guys on buffstreams.com
"On TV in Shafter, CA (Bakersfield CBS)"
"Looks like we're getting the rams on fox instead meaning it's blacked out here, I sub to nfl game pass for this reason as you don't need directtv anymore, but there's a chance it'll be on cbs anyway as I see the nfl pregame shows still listed."
Go to nflbite just look for the highest rated stream. I typically use buff stream. Just gotta click out of ads quickly and then start the stream
If you get the yahoo sports app you can watch it free on your phone
Buffstreams. There will be a few pop-ups just close them and ctr-z if you get sent to a different page
"The stream sites everyone already mentioned are fine...BUT if you want a legit HD option for cheaper streams of all sports, try one of the iptv providers like orion or look on /r/iptv . Usually runs around 3-7 bucks a month."
Nflbite.com
[deleted]
Bruh I’m a Steelers fan too but you’re doing almost exactly what the picture makes fun of the Ravens for doing.
""
"Of all the pundits, Cowherd definitely seems to jerk us off the most. 

He's also the source of more hot takes than Paul Pierce."
"When a sports franchise is terrible for 20 years, it's an ownership/front office problem."
I support this hot take
Sounds like he’s describing himself
"Do Ravens or Steelers fans ever just look at the Browns and laugh. Yes, yes I do, but not to their faces unless they get obnoxious like last year."
He's absolutely correct. They talk shit but they're trash
Interesting commentary on the Lions and Falcons as well
Never seen a team talk more shit while eating as much shit as the browns do. Every win is like the Super Bowl and every loss is The Amazing Blame Game.
I'm not a fan of Cowherd but I do enjoy this take.  Lol
I like what he said about the Falcons and the Lions being in “NFL quicksand”. Seems to be true.
Lmao spot on Colin I love this guy
I like Cowherd
"Not even really a hot take, it’s clearly supported by stats. Only thing that irks me here is that he should’ve specified “browns of the past 25ish years are pathetic”. 

*Historically*, the Browns were arguably football’s greatest franchise with many HoFers."
""
At this point. Its already a given that Judon is outta here.
Yannicks 2nd tag will be cheaper than his 1st tag and Judons 2nd. 😅
Jets fans might as well start preordering the NY Jets Judon jersey. McLendons gone so hopefully he gets the 99
The funny thing is when Judon hits the market I bet you he uses Yannick as a starting point for his contract which im sure will be close to what Baltimore tried offering him already
I think the market for Judon will be really soft. Either the jets pay him $25m /yr or he sticks in the $7-9m APY range.
Going to be Bowser and Ngakoue. If we can lock up Bowser for an affordable rate for 3 years we might be able to afford the pass rusher money that Ngakoue will command. It could also help us avoid the issue the Ravens always have with OLBs peaking after we release them. Bowser would have an opportunity to continue to grow and meanwhile Ngakoue holds it all down.
"Keep yannick unless he just completely blows here since we don't know how hell do but that's probably a miniscule chance. Judons main issue is the dude gets zero pressure unless he is a free blitzer or he's matched up with a tight end. If yannick can beat even single blocking he's already better. Judon requires another elite rusher to take the heat off to be effective. 

So I see this going as yannick comes in and is great. This leads to judon running up his stats and he leaves in FA for a huge mega deal which makes the new team really disappointed"
Judon benefits from yannick anyway. He stats will get padded since yannick will be applying pressure allowing judon to do what he did last year when we blitZ. He can then demand his new team to pay him because of his stats.
Chucking deuces at Judon
I see us letting both go tbh
""
“Hey I’m actually digging #11 can I have it?”
"Dez seems like a good presence in a young WR group so far. I like what I'm hearing. Proche is a baller, needs more opportunities"
Yes please. Proche the savior! Hands of gold.
All of these pictures are showing you what Dez was really brought in for
When the new free agent signing is wearing your number....  Hmmm.  I'd be nervous.
Anyone know if/when a Madden 21 update will roll out to update rosters so we have Yannick? I want him in purple but the stupid trade simulator won't let the trade that actually happened work....
"Idk you may wanna update it, cause they have him on the Ravens as a ROLB I think his overall sucks its only an 80 though"
Yeah the AI in madden is smart. Not like the actual front office of the Vikings for making that trade.
Oh he's wearing purple
"I haven’t played Madden in years (need to get the new copy), but I’d imagine it would be after the trade deadline when they can do one update."
He was there in last weeks roster update. Update your rosters.
If you update rosters he should be on the team. I did it the day after the trade and he was there.
Just do a manuel roster move in your settings
The update is out if you refresh your roster. The live content update says he has 6 sacks already this year though which is strange. I think I saw one the Ravens player he has 6 as well but I’m pretty sure he only has 5 so far this year. Well until maybe a few more on Sunday 😈
Change his position and make the actual trade. That way you can lose the draft picks if you’re trying to keep it realistic.
What you should do is delete madden entirely and never give EA money again. Should fix your problem
Who’s bringing the sign to call him out on his Butker comments and what should it say?
Obviously all that means is Boswell will be the best kicker in the league
"I am in Canada but I think this is the sign someone should take:

Butker has missed more PATs since Romo called him the best kicker in the league than Tucker has in his career!

Please fact check"
"easy, 3 words..

EAT ASS DIE"
"as much as we'd love to have seen this game on SNF, CBS protected this game"
Tuck gonna hit a 50+ yarder with under 2 minutes to give us the win.
Butker has missed another PAT while you are reading this. 😂
""
""
#freegus
More than likely the depth chart just slides and Hill gets the third role
"I’d much rather it the other way round. I love Gus. He’s a great situational back and will grind yards with that hard hitting straight down the middle style. But Dobbins provides a higher ceiling. He’s more versatile and I feel has more of a chance to make big, impactful plays. I’d like to see Gus used on first downs. Dobbins out there as a passing threat as well as being handed the ball."
Honestly not sure Gus is the best choice for a matchup with the steelers d this season. They've been excellent at stopping the downhill run. JK is more able to bounce to the outside than Gus is.
Lot of speed on that defense...but they ain't the biggest LB group out there
Let Gus cook
I picked up Dobbins in fantasy so can they please make him the featured back? He’s their most talented RB
"I’m on The Gus Bus for this game. He should carry it 25 times. He’s a great vertical runner and gets tough yards constantly. JK is a good rookie and the future, but right now, I’d ride Gus and get JK some carries and looks sprinkled in, not the other way around."
""
"i’m a steelers fan living md, and i’ve been a die hard MD fan all my life. i was fearing we wouldn’t win a single game this year but man, Baby Tua is fucking crazy."
And against Minnesota of all Colleges. Lol.
[deleted]
It’s Saturday man...
😀
Pump fake. Back to sleep fellow bastards
Damn it i woke up for nothing
""
“We the monstars” 😡. Hype af
Is that Derek Wolfe’s ghost? Haven’t seen him around in a bit.
Dope!
Looks sweet but you gotta add Nannick!
"The Ravens have a history of bringing in a high class veteran wide receiver to lead the receiving core. S3, Anquan, Derrick Mason are the main names who come to mind. We likely all agree this a vital missing piece on our offense (along with O-line and consistency issues).

Would really love to see Dez blossom into this classic Ravens role. We haven't seen him on the field for years, so there's no real reason to expect it, but he has proven himself in the past...and considering our history this could be DESTINY"
We now pray!
"I was pretty indifferent about it when we first brought him in, but from all the things I’ve seen and heard since then he seems like a good pick up. I REALLY hope he can be that next great Baltimore vet WR"
"We are really gonna need to figure out that interior OL before the passing game starts to flourish. I think we got the right guys on the team, just need to figure out what combo is best and hope for some steady development because our Tackles are too damn good for a shorty interior. Especially after the Stanley deal."
"Worst case, hopefully he brings some competitiveness to the WRs."
I mean od course we hope for this. But its just unrealistic. Ya never know tho. But yeah at this point we suck at drafting and developing wars so we need to just bring in ones in the mid career.
"I think this is a pretty clear benefit for us given the quick passing/timing based offense the Steelers like to run offensively. Sloppy conditions should make it harder for them, while it plays to our strength of running the ball. We were able to run all over their defense last year and that was without lamar, Yanda, and Stanley."
Fortunately the Gus Bus is equipped with AWD
I’ll tell you what it doesn’t affect! Justin Automatic Rain or Shine Legatron MVP Tucker
I think it makes it more likely to be a defensive slog fest.  I really had one of two outcomes happening either it’s a defensive slogfest or the bye week gave us time to fix the offense and the offense does decent against the Steelers offense which would give us the win solidly (like win by 10).
"Imagine trying to chase down Lamar on a slippery field, can't wait"
"I think its a push.

I dont think we’re as effective running the ball as we were this time last year , especially with Ingram out."
Ravens by even more than i thought before
"I had a dream last night the game ended in a tie, 7-7."
I do t think it matters either way.  Steelers are good.
[deleted]
"Nice clickbait title. 

Who is considered most hated?"
"I hate to beat a dead horse, it’s just bizarre to me. How are we so bad at drafting a position the the rest of the league is either A) pretty decent at drafting or B) Good at addressing in FA? Like, Diggs and Moore were SO good! Right down the street! And not exactly surprises, how do they get away? Especially Diggs. 

Or do you remember when Brandon Marshall was available for pennies and still producing at a pro bowl level (like when he got to Miami). It’s just weird. Half decent (not necessarily superstar) WRs are a dime a dozen, yet we have ONE at a time. 

I love our draft room, this is just one thing, it’s just weird because it’s a relatively easy thing."
"Everyone has their weakness, if we are incredible at every other position I’m fine with being lacking in the Wide receiver position if we are still winning."
"I believe the front office were put off with Diggs attitude when they invited him for a private workout. However I think with Eric we are seeing a more aggressive approach to the position, they drafted Brown even though he had the dreaded  lisfranc  injury, he tried to trade for Hopkins and I believe he tried to trade up in the draft for Lamb this year."
Can you imagine Hollywood brown on the chiefs? It would be extremely scary. The issue isn’t our WR core it’s the offensive scheme and playcalling. We’re a run first offense and Lamar has missed several shots down the field that if he hit even 2-3 we wouldn’t be having this conversation.
"I wouldn't necessarily say we're bad at drafting WRs considering we've only drafted 10 within the first 3 rounds over 25 years. And 3 of those came in the last two drafts, so tbd.

Scrolling through the others, part of me wonders how much of their lack of success was bad QB play."
"I think this gets overblown. 

Remember we didn’t have a QB till 2008, so the priority was always to shore up that position for the first 12 years of our franchise. 

It’s hard to evaluate WRs when you have Kyle Boller throwing him the ball. 

Then let’s look at the years they drafted a WR high: 2000-2005-2015. 

Reports are in 2000 Jamal was certainly the target but they wanted Plexico at 10.  They got Jamal but Pittsburgh took Plex at 8 leaving us with Travis Taylor. Yuck right? Well not exactly. Look at the WRs taken that year, only one made a pro bowl (L. Coles) and only one other (Jerry Porter) was even serviceable and that was as the third option. 

Fast forward to 05 and the Ravens are burned by going for the hight weight speed guy and go for the sure thing: the most productive receiver in Oklahoma: Mark Clayton. 

He almost had 1000 yards with a legit Qb in 06 but injuries derailed his career. 

Looking at that 05 class, if you were going based solely on production and ignoring the upside then you wouldn’t go for Roddy White or Vincent Jackson. 

Now 15. Perriman, the ultimate upside player. Only one WR drafted after him made a pro bowl: Tyler Lockett. 

So yes he was a bad pick but you can’t fault the team for investing a position that didn’t have any good players"
"So tired of this lazy take

We just haven’t spent high draft picks on WRs. We had a few early round busts like Travis Taylor and Perriman, but for the most part we’ve gotten decent WRs when we spent the draft capital 

We might not be the best WR scouting team in the league but no one should expect us to be getting studs when we only draft a 3rd/4th round receiver every other year"
"It’s not all about us being bad a drafting WRs we’ve always been a defense and run first team and we’ve had some pretty bad QBs 

I know we all love Joe but he wasn’t exactly a young WRs or any WRs favorite QB to work with. We had numerous free agents turn us down because of Joe and that’s the best QB in franchise history. It’s worth nothing that Andrews(15) and Hollywood(27) are already in our top 30 all time WRs for yards and they should both be in the top 15 by the end of the season. So we’re getting a bit better."
"I just don’t think they really took enough. For as many hits as Pittsburgh has, they have some misses (Coates, Sweed, James washington). They just take a lot. 

Ravens also had below average QB play for a while, but that’s a different topic lol"
We never draft in the top 10 so all the “elite” talent is gone
""
Tf is this shit
"Defensive plasticity. What the hell does this mean? It means we need Wink to adapt this defensive scheme this week, and here's why. 

Big Ben has gotten the ball out faster than any QB in the NFL this season: 70% of his passes have come out in under 2.5 seconds. If we go out blitz heavy, like we usually do, I think Ben will have his way with the defense. The offensive line is well coached, and Ben is smart enough to know how to adjust protection schemes based on who is coming hot. I just don't think the blitzes get to him in time, which means somebody on the back end is going to be stressed. What concerns me is against the Chiefs, it was clear that the blitz was hurting the defense, yet Wink didn't adapt the scheme. If he doesn't change this week, I think we lose the game. 

So aside from blitzing less, what do I want to see from the defense? 

1) man press coverage. The Steelers use a short passing game to sustain drives (screens and shallow passes). Press at the line to disrupt the timing and prevent easy 5-8 yard gains. This should force Ben to hold the ball a bit longer too, and frankly, i'm astounded I haven't seen more teams defend this way against the Steelers. 

2) edge discipline. Steelers run lots of motion and the jet sweep is always a possibility. The edges are also probably the weakest point of the run defense, so I expect a number of outside runs from Conner as well. If we can blow up the 1-4 jet sweeps they call, and set the edge, I think we force the Steelers to be one dimensional. 

3) tackle well. The engine of the Steeler's offense is YAC. Tackle well, make them move the ball with actual air yards. I don't want to see a one yard slant turn into a 9 yard gain. 

Basically in summary, defend closer to the line of scrimmage, press and be physical, and tackle well. If we can execute these things, I think the Steelers will struggle to sustain drives, which means more chances for Lamar and the offense."
I think our corners match up well for this game plan to work. I suspect they try to match Jimmy with Claypool because of his length. I'm sure Marlon will cover the slot primarily and Juju plays there a lot. That leaves Marcus on Johnson and I like those match ups. The key will be getting some pressure. I don't think there should be a huge learning curve for Yannick right away. I'm guessing they mainly just ask him to pin his ears back and go until he gets more time to familiarize with the scheme.
"Ironically, that’s how teams defend the Ravens for the most part. 

I’m surprised Pitt isn’t doing more crazy alignments with Canada, though they still do jet a lot. 

I’m interested to see how Ngakoue will change the gameplan. Were they blitzing because they felt they needed to in order to generate pressure, or were they blitzing because the secondary is amazing and they can blitz?"
"Couldn’t agree more. Hopefully our good coverage means that Ben holds the ball a little longer and our blitz has more time to get there, and if they don’t we need to get our hands up to try and disrupt the quick short pass game."
We got the secondary to compete with their WRs. It really just rides on the front 7 doing their jobs
I hope Conner gets most of the carries so Snell and the MD guy do not.  Conner has no explosion so him getting out to the edge won’t kill us at all which will allow us to have a margin of error with our setting of the edge.
"your corners match up very well. i’ve watched every second of our games this year and the reason why the passing game has been able to be successful is bc everyone has a different skill set. For example, you have to press Diontae or Juju, because they do their best work when in space. but at the same time, you have Ebron, Claypool and Washington, who you literally can’t press, otherwise your asking for a big play. i was watching Ray Lewis break down why defenses have been historically bad this year. He said people needed to be on the same page, and trust each other. If your DB’s are on the same page, our guys will get locked down. on the other side, the only real passing threats i see are  Hollywood and Andrews. i think that we can take care of hollywood, but Andrews will be on Spillane and Williams the whole game, which is an obvious advantage for baltimore. I have confidence that our run game can hold you guys in check. I’m expecting a low scoring game. 17-13 either way"
""
Well done
Awesome!
Elite carving.
Truzzkin
Did they announce it yet
Shit better be a blackout
"Really weird that they haven’t announced it yet, they usually do the middle of the week."
They didn't announce it this week which is extremely weird.
I expect purple
Anyone heard anything yet on the jersey
""
"When asked Ben R. said that the hit, photographed from 91 - Courtney Upshaw, was the worst hit of his career. It’s worth looking up, Ben went airborne."
"Hm is that a 91 behind him?

Definitely foreshadowing Yannik tearing it up tomorrow!"
What about the Ngata hit that broke his nose?
Lol
You guys r about to take an l
[deleted]
Anyone on our defense have any sacks on Big Ben? I feel like most of our defense has been replaced the last two years
"Good question, while I don’t know the answer to this, the likely candidates (as a Raven) are Judon, McPhee, Williams, and possibly jimmy smith. If you consider players who have sacks on Ben while on another team there may be more (Yannick, Wolfe, Campbell, etc.)"
"ngakoue does, he was on jacksonville obviously tho"
[Ngakoue does](https://youtu.be/ggEi5__teJ0)
"I feel like Williams does, I know McPhee does"
"[https://b3tsports.com/2020/10/31/shotgun-beer-bet-steelers-vs-ravens/](https://b3tsports.com/2020/10/31/shotgun-beer-bet-steelers-vs-ravens/)

https://preview.redd.it/xrjs7rqrrhw51.jpg?width=1280&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=58a935cd00b45ccdb016347f5d0b778972d05277"
Nice
""
Sorry but tyreek is faster than anyone on our team
I think Hill’s probably the fastest guy in the league. I wouldn’t be that shocked at all if Lamar/Hollywood could take DK though
In a straight line; I honestly think freaky L is faster than Tyreek hill. Lamar has gears we still haven’t even seen yet; wait till the day he busts one for 75..
"I think they would beat D Jones, but not the other two.

Duvernay has posted the fastest speed of any Raven over the last 3 years at 21.48 mph."
"They would destroy Daniel Jones. He posted his 21.23 with 70 free yards of straight line. 
Lamar recorded his 21.06 after a juke in a 13 yard burst and immediately slowed down cause he seen no one could catch him and high stepped into the end zone. 

Give Lamar a straight line of 70 uncontested yards and he’s putting on the burners"
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
""
Lmfaoo I can tell he’s getting tired of the comparisons
“Naw... I don’t...” lmao
"No matter how things turn out at the end of this season, or 5 years from now... I’m gonna be a Lamar fan"
""
""
they will not. 50 signed jerseys for the whole sub if they do
"Feels like Ingram is a negative asset.  He’s lost a ton of explosion from last year and is injured, and over 30.  I know his contract is done after this year but I doubt anyone would want to take on the remaining money unless they were given a pick."
No. This isn't Madden
""
"Yawn.
Only 40?"
He could have gotten injured on that celebration or with the holder ruining his practice swing
""
"In January 2015 I was visiting my then girlfriend and her family in Maryland, USA. At this point in my life I had no interest in the NFL as it wasn’t really popular or on the rise in the UK, or at least where I lived in the UK. 

However, it was playoff time and her family had other ideas. They bought me a Ravens beanie, and Flacco jersey. And as I sat down with them to watch the game they had told me about how fierce the Ravens rivalry was with the Steelers but I had no idea just how fierce they meant. 

I remember the game like it was yesterday, the field goal in the opening qtr for Pitts to take the lead, then Pierce’s rushing TD for us, the exchange of FGs up until Big Dick Joe’s pass to Torrey to put us up 20-9. 

Then the absolute disbelief at seeing Forsett fumble which lead to a Steelers score, and the elation watching T Sizzle intercept that pass from Ben and the resulting TD from Gillmore. Finally another pick from our defence, and my utter confusion when the family was explaining what a safety was and how at this point in the game it didn’t matter. 

What’s also funny looking back was the idea that I assumed all kickers were as good as Tucker and I was genuinely shocked when they would miss PATs and FGs. 

Since that day, a lot has changed in my life. Myself and my then girlfriend didn’t work out, I met a beautiful Aussie shelia and settled in down under. But what has always remained since that playoff game and if anything good ever came from that relationship, it was my new found love for the NFL and the Baltimore Ravens. 

You best believe I’m up at some ridiculous hour just to see my Ravens play. I’ll always remember that first game I watched and how every moment stuck with me, from watching Joe pick apart the Steelers formidable defence, to the father of the family screaming ‘HOW DOES THAT TURF TATSE, BEN!?!?’ Every time we got a QB hit or sack. And although this season has not been as electric as last season (I think many overlook the fact last year was a record breaking season), my UK football team is terrible, so I am grateful I have a great NFL team to enjoy at the moment. 

I say all of that to ultimately state;

FUCK THE STEELERS."
"Dude... your story is kinda like mine.  Well... except I'm from the Netherlands and it happened 5 years earlier. 

Got into the Ravens because of a girl who lived in Baltimore.  She's married with kids now (and I wish her all the best, no hard feelings at all) but my love for the Ravens was cemented then."
"Marylander living in Sydney here. Found a Ravens jersey in rebel sport yesterday, couldn't believe it. Glad to know there's at least one other Ravens fan here."
"Ravens fan from Melbourne here, I actually feel like we have a good supporter bae in Australia it’s weird"
truzz!
How are those 5am game starts working out for you?
"There’s a crew of Ravens fans here in Auckland, New Zealand too. Good yarn, mate. Enjoyed it. Lesssgooo!"
"Oh man. That playoff game was the culmination of playoff futility vs the Steelers. 2001, 2008, 2010 (the 2010 one stings bad, Find that Houshmanzadeh drop on 4th down. Brutal) were all playoff loses to Pitt.

2014 season exorcized that demon. What a great game."
Arnie???
""
"Yea I laugh every time I see a pundit write an article about this. Just look at the amount of RB injuries this year to teams like the Giants, 49ers, Seahawks, not to mention Ingram. Our depth at RB is looking pretty smart right about now. Maybe I could see us dealing Hill but that's about it."
[deleted]
"Vote!

&#x200B;

/s"
[deleted]
"Ronnie Stanley: 29 pressures allowed the last 2 seasons.

Andrew Thomas and Jawan Taylor have both allowed more this season alone 

***

posted by [@PFF](https://twitter.com/PFF)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Elli7zlWkAAcpA3.jpg) | [Photo 2](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Elli78wXUAA10fl.jpg) | [Photo 3](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Elli8FKWkAIOe38.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Didn't he only have like 6 last season?
[removed]
""
Well done!
""
"I used to work at a restaurant right by Hopkins. His son Sean, best known for playing Sam in LoTR, would often join him and the rest of his family for dinners at our restaurant around the holidays. Great family and great group of people!"
"Years ago I was working at Hopkins and we had to go to his apartment to get some prop for a reading he was doing. We showed up at his place around 11am and he was still in his pajamas.

The man was honest-to-god wearing a sleeping cap, pom-pom halfway down his back and everything. Never in my life before or since have I seen one outside of cartoons or fairy-tales."
Lose to Steelers- NEVERMORE
My wife and I went to see this live on our first date!
""
"Been playing a lot of Pokemon lately (thanks COVID, I guess).  They introduced a new dungeon-mode, and THIS shiny decides to pop up today!  Good sign going into the game!

#FUCK THE STEELERS

#BELEE DAT"
I aint played since soul silver seeing a Pokemon I actually recognize feels good 😂
Not much more to be said.  Let's be great.  Fuck the Steelers.
"That's just like, your opinion, man."
""
Fuck the Steelers!
"9pm in Australia.. still, fuck the Steelers!"
Good morning ravens flock
Get in here!
Good morning everyone!!! Who's ready for a big W today?!
"I purposely slept more than usual so I have to wait less for the game, it's 6 hours from now and I'm already going insane"
Fuck the Steelers!!!! Yeah!!!!!
Awake and first thought I had was FUCK THE FUCKING STEELERS!! GO BOYS!!
It sucks that this game isn't the Sunday Night Game.  Who the hell wants to watch the NFC East anymore?
"My best buddy who was the best man at my wedding and is my daughters godfather is a steelers fan , first thing this morning he got a ""Good morning and fuck the steelers"" message"
"Can you believe my local cbs is showing the colts and lions today, I'm so annoyed, ravens never get any love around here even though it's the best matchup of the day"
time to take down these Yinzers and beat them to hell and back
"LFG FLOCKGANG!!

What color are we rocking today??"
Fuck the steelers
"FUCK THE STEELERS, FOREVER & ALWAYS!"
My head feels like a train hit it.  I took around 33 shots worth of drinks over a 6 and a half hour period last night.  I have projects to do and my arm hurts for reasons that I do not know and are probably related to all of that booze.  But I will literally let myseld develop a migraine and fail my shitty communication  class (why I even have to take that is beyond me) before I miss this game.
PUT DOBBINS IN YOUR DRAFT KINGS! Wait on second thought don’t!
Fuck the Steelers with their own ketchup!
How is everyone feeling about Ingram being out today (ankle)?
"STUNT. ON. THESE. HOES.

FUCK THE STEELERS"
Any word on Ingram. Will JK start if Ingram is out?
""
STUNT ON THESE HOES LAMAR 😭
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Loser wears the others team stuff for the thanksgiving game
Get your least favourite player on the back of ravens/steelers jersey whoever loses?
[removed]
Enjoy your ban from r/Steelers
Ok
Fuck the Steelers.
Gottem
[removed]
""
I would not consider it a bad thing to never play for the Browns again. Seems like everything is looking up for him now that he has experienced an unfortunate injury.
Sounds like a good thin for him.
Odell in the dumps now
"With his contract, I would be open to the trade. Heavily dependent on what the price is of course.  I wouldn’t give up a draft pick lower than a 3rd.  

But, Odell has talent.  ACL injuries are not career ending.  He’s still only 27 years old.  Mainly, his contract is team friendly.  His cap hit is $15mill, which is below market value for a Pro Bowl caliber WR. And there would be no guaranteed money, if he doesn’t return to form, he could be cut with no dead money.  To me, that would be worth the risk if you believe he can still be a top tier WR."
""
21 will not be feasting today or next week unfortunately.
""
This is why we drafted Dobbins. Let’s hope he steps up!
Time for JK to step up like we all know he's capable of
Ba god. Is that JK’s music..!?!
"“The #Ravens are without RB Mark Ingram today, and they may be without him next week vs. the #Colts as well, source said. It’s more of a high-ankle sprain than a low-ankle sprain and those often cause multi-week absences.”"
Remember when every yahoo on this sub wanted to flip Gus for a conditional 6th?
"It's weird but this news makes me just shrug. This offense has not lived and died through Mark Ingram and I expect we will see very little drop off without him. That's not a knock on Mark but Gus and Dobbins are more than capable of providing Mark's 37.5 yard and .3 TDs per game. 


Who knows, maybe this is a breakout game for either player and they just needed an opportunity to actually add some juice to the run game. Crazier things have happened."
Terrible to say it but this could be pretty good since Ingram was struggling especially in exploding through the hole while JK looked far more explosive and Gus looked damn good too.
Gus Edwards absolutely wrecked the Steelers in wk 17 last year
Feeing good about Gus Bus and JK pounding the rock. Gus in particular has had a solid season so far.
JK all day
"DYNAMIC DUO:

JK & GUS TIME"
Justice Hill.
I have a bad feeling about this. I hope Roman does not abandon the run again.
""
I still love that picture so much
TRUZZZ💤💤
This aged well
Results are pending
Man I’m a steeler fan and that picture is awesome.
And we lost.
That pic reminds me of [this Finnish painting](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Defense_of_the_Sampo) lol
Well this didn’t age well
Womp womp
[removed]
""
""
Not believable.  Arm not fat enough for a Steelers fan.
This is great!!! I need to remember this for next year.
That arm looks so realistic
"What am I looking at is that a fake arm? Do you ever give yourself a stranger with it I know you have before dont  lie.

Oh you're the cool lady excuse me sorry"
When are you guys ever going to learn
Another victim of disrespecting the towel
Just saying...might want to burn this post with fire. Nothing good comes out of disrespecting the towel. 😬
""
Surprised Ward is a healthy inactive. I guess someone has to take the fall for Yannick
"With Ingram out, hopefully this will be JK Dobbins time to shine."
Surprised about Ward being a healthy scratch. Guess they want fergy to get more develop/reps
"Seems less than ideal to have both Ellis and Washington inactive, only leaves four DL active on a sloppy rainy day"
What's this Achilles issue hadn't heard of this.
Hill should be inactive not Ward.  Hill is trash better to risk it with two backs and have Ward.
[deleted]
Looks like a wet start then clearing up after 2.  Ground and pound baby!
Kinda reminding me of the 49ers game last year tbh
I want to see fat fuck on the ground at least 20 times today
I’m so excited I can’t wait
If you’re at the game. BRING IT. Bring that noise  you gotta make up for a lot of people
Bens the kind of guy to set off the Lunk Alarm at planet fitness
What colour we wearing? Didn’t see an announcement this week
Looks like no black out today boys. Purple on White
Duv in for boykin is that true?
""
Source?
where'd you find this out?
A source would be much appreciated lol
Oh shit
Its about time! Boykin should not be on this roster next year
Wow
"Good, I have been saying Duv needs to get more work, he's been effective in limited touches so far"
"Good thing. Boykin has struggled a lot, Duvernay had lots of good flashes. Not ready to completely give up on Boykin though if he improves communication with LaMar."
HOLY SHIT FINALLY FUCK
Duvernay is my favorite Raven. Loved him at Texas.
About time
Couldn’t find a source for this anywhere
Source?
This thread won't age well..
Big if true. Is this true?
"Searched all over Twitter and Google. Couldn't find a single source that agrees with you. While I hope it to be true, I seriously doubt it."
I got my sources y’all! Enjoy the game!
""
Step QB wyd
"Dang, I forgot about Yannick for a second."
"Judon about to give him that body built by Taco Bell 

Two burritos, one Ben"
[deleted]
"Quoth the raven ""Fuck the Steelers."""
This is random but Jimmy smith deserves ring of honor eventually
Someone send 40 lbs of crabcakes to Yanda's house
Man these 4 yard punches are great. Please don't get away from them.
#The Greg Roman School for Players Who Can Run Good and Want to Do Other Stuff Good Too
I like to imagine the hood shit that mp was saying when he was fighting for that ball in that pile
"If Tucker goes down as the best kicker ever in history, and gets into the HOF, do you think the Ravens will build a statue outside the Bank of him?"
"LMAO Lamar fucking killed this game. 3 fumbles, 1 lost, 2 ints. Just shit performance. 

Like last year he's kept the Steelers in the game"
So a bit of hand fighting is PI but that car crash isn't.
Mad respect to the fan in the stands wearing the Elite Joe tshirt 😂
Then not showing that PI again says it all. Dog shit call
"Bengals fan, the Ravens should've gotten time added"
"Bro, these force fumbles are ridiculous. I have never seen a team so gung-ho for forcing fumbles especially in the secondary"
FUCK YOUNG SHELDON
i really wanna see a yannik sack before the day is done
We should be up 17-0 but Lamar needed to gift 14 points to the Steelers to maintain the integrity of this rivalry
Refs gave them half that drive.
"And then the NFL tommorow will say ""Oops, our bad.  We should have put time back on the clock.  Oopsies."""
Can I get a fuck the Steelers
I hate the Steelers as much as the next guy but that wasn’t a dirty play
"BEN IS PLAYING JUST AS BAD AS LAMAR, YALL NEED TO STFU"
"Christ, Lamar had ice in his veins on that last sequence. Had to sprint to the line, throw an extra ball out of bounds (wtf) and then spike it. There are only a few QBs in the league who would've managed that."
every pass we defend is PI but thats legal in the endzone? fuck that
Man I'm deflated after that injury fucking fuck
"#SO WE’RE JUST GONNA ABANDON THE PASSING GAME NOW?!

*/s*"
Can someone make a petition to get the refs fired for being bad?
Why can't they show us the fucking PI replay 🤔🤔🤔
SIGNING DEZ SCARED THE SHIT OUT OF BOYKIN
Horrible play by lamar. You gotta get rid of it. I saw that fumble coming a mile away.
Beating the shit out of the patriots on national television is going to be fun
I honestly wouldn't mind losing if it wasn't handed over by the refs.
"I mean I’m no TJ Watt fan but it wasn’t like that was intentional. Just fucking sucks man, Stanley is a HUGE part of this team"
Maybe Judon was on to something when he tried to punch that ref
Anyone else feeling FIRED UP?
Lamar gotta stop playing so cocky and STUPID
Steelers are lucky to be down 10 right now
"I love the game plan today.

We've all been hard on Roman but big credit to him!"
"You can’t win a game not passing at all. The wildcat is not a legitimate offense style. Lamar needs to be able to throw. The team needs to be able to pass. 

This team is not going to be a real threat unless Lamar gets it together."
The penalty differential in this game is criminal
"If Steelers win,  game ball needs to go to the refs.  That entire drive was carried on the back of weak ass calls."
"As a European, those political commercials are so fucking stupid."
CAN ANYONE EXPLAIN WHY THERE AINT NO MORE TIME ADDED
"Ravens lost by four points after giving up four turnovers and dealing with refs that clearly favored the Steelers. Lamar gotta play better, idk if it’s Greg Roman not scheming better pass plays, or what but this is disappointing."
I can stomach no flag on that play IF the same officials don’t throw 70 yards in flags for questionable AT BEST penalties on Baltimore.
Can we stop acting like TJ Watt deliberately injured Ron lol
Let's not forget that our defense just blanked the Steelers in the first half
Y’all I can’t even lie theres been times where our rush makes me giggle like a kid on Christmas cause its so good today
Man what a huge impact discussing those 5 yards had
"tony romo mentions how we abandoned the first down run


how is it that everybody sees it except for our offensive coordinator


the only guy that matters to see it"
"I really REALLY REALLY want lamar to prove everyone here wrong, right fucking now."
Someone needs to explain to me how we can’t scheme hollywood open once a game with 4.2 speed
"Good ole fashioned ref ball, expect nothing less from the steelers."
Steelers have gotten 110 yards from penalties and lead by 4 points. The biggest threat to our team is our team
"""the socialists"" 

bruh I wish"
Fuck these refs man. They don't deserve their jobs. Fuck. Them.
"You gonna blame the refs for that fumble, Shitsburgh?"
Anyone else notice how even during the sack there were no purple jerseys diving at linemen legs?
He fumbled the ball to get some extra yards come on now big brain
I wonder how many wins have been decided by Justin Tucker
"This game really shouldn’t even be close. We’re dominating, just have to protect the ball. Should be up 24-0 if not for the pick-six & fumble inside the 10."
This team needs to stay with their running roots. They're not a passing team. They are a run HEAVY team
"lamar just tries to do way too much on every play, a first down incompletion is fine"
"These PI calls are ""turn off the TV"" level"
"I AM SO FUCKING ANGRY AT THIS TEAM RIGHT NOW.

UP 17-7. AND NOW WE ARE BLOWING IT. 😡"
If we had even average QB play this game is 28-3
110 yards in penalties. After a bye week. Just unreal.
We have had some bad plays that definitely deserved penalties but when they don't show replays of shit like PI I get fucking suspicious.
Being beaten by a team is one thing. Being picked on by the guys who are supposed to be judicators of the game is just not ok
So it’s cool for Tomlin to not wear his face mask?
Why the hell didn’t they put time back on the clock
Refs screwed us  by not putting time on the clock
How does no time get added back holy fuck
"Seriously, when are coaches and players going to start publicly questioning the legitimacy of the game? This officiating is shit."
What an absolute bullshit way to end a dirty and bullshit ref’d game.  Fuck the Steelers.
TJ is such a bitch he did it last year vs RG3 and hes hitting Lamar when he clearly doesn't have it this year
"Man, when lamar is on point with his throws, it's a beautiful thing."
How about calling  our secondary The Strip Club
"People saying Lamar is holding the ball to long not seeing that out WRs aren’t getting separation or that his OLine is absolutely atrocious this season and he constantly has to reposition. We needed WRs, but now with ALL our line hurt, we can’t address it again."
JJ Watt's little brother is a *biiiiiiitch*
#FREE JUDON
Imagine thinking anyone other than Tucker is the best kicker in the league
"Averaging close to seven yards per run...let's keep passing!!

Fuck my life..."
Roethlisberger is playing 2015 Flacco style just chucking it and letting the refs win the game for him
Why the fuck are we throwing passes to Ricard LMAO
"Peter's getting back at the refs for that bad call lol

""Try calling a penalty on this shit"""
Sam Koch would never.
Why couldnt you play one more year marshal?
How they gonna advertise Chik fil a on a Sunday
"JK Dobbins has looked fantastic this half.

Super encouraging!"
JK Dobbins had 69 rushing yards in the first half
I think having Ingram out shows how underutilized Dobbins is.
If not for the pick six it would be 17-0 right now. Defense is playing lights out and the run game is on fire. Can’t let up on the gas!
Time of Possession 20:09/9:51
"HOW THE FUCK DO YOU STRETCH OUT A FUCKING KIDNEY TRANSPLANT INTO A 20+ EPISODE SHOW, SO FUCKING DUMB"
Lamar’s mistakes 14 Baltimore Ravens 17
Lamar’s been having alot of “off games” this season. Been frustrating to watch
"2 picks, 2 fumbles and an almost pick in a little over half.. Damn wtf"
"Fuuuuuck this ad. ""Normal"" my fucking ass"
"Greg Roman should be fired. He did the same shit before he got here, run game is great but can’t draw up pass plays. I’m tired of his shit"
remember when steelers fans were bitching about the refs
The last two touchdowns were bullshit dpi calls...
Wonder if the steeler fans are still complaining about that one call in the first quarter
I'm gonna have a nervous breakdown.
ISNT THAT A PERSONAL FOUL!?!?!?!?
"That doesn't make any sense. By this logic, the defense can just fake an injury after every play, the clock still runs out and they get a rest"
And also why tf did they not add time
[deleted]
peters watching some marlon tape
"1) Where was the blocking?

2) Why would we pass when we were shredding them with the running game?

3) THROW IT AWAY!!!"
"You had like 3 or 4 yards in front of you, why throw it?"
Jackson needs to cut the fucking shit with the turnovers
JK DOBBINS WAS RUNNING WELL. WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST GIVE HIM THE BALL TO FINISH IT.
"It’s still so weird to watch our corners actually be able to tackle in the open field, I’m not used to this"
Lamars pocket awareness the last 3 games has been absolute dogshit
"We’re you guys not here during the Flacco years? 

Time to run the fucking ball and play def. it’s not over."
I'd like to give a quick shout out to the mods for stomping out these brigading rednecks from Hicksburgh swiftly
"I know it should make me mad but whenever Jackson fucks up and he pops up with that smile?

That god damn smile."
Fuck all the Steelers fans in this thread
"Well, it’s nice to see Cincinnati doing us a favor by taking out the Tennessee Trash"
I feel like Tony Romo would be a good friend
EDC looks like a genius for picking JK
ngokue is noticed hard. nearly every bad Roethlisberger pass has been related to pressure brought by him
Ben with a whopping 24 passing yards.
Steelers fans were so cocky and hyping up their defense after beating on bad teams (excluding the titans which they almost choked). nearly 200 rushing yards allowed at the half lol
"Do y'all really think this is a bad game??

It's a Ravens Steelers game and on defense we're dominating and on offense we're winning more battles than not. Keep this up and we're golden!!"
"Lamar's getting ""Blame of the Game"" if we lose this 100%"
"If not for Lamar fucking up, they have 0 fucking points and its a blowout."
One vantage point is that Lamar is saving us tons of future cap space.  He’s not getting a Mahomes deal with shit like this
"seriously without the 2 int and the fumble were up by 24, the discipline issues from before the  bye week are still there"
I think this just proves that Lamar still needs full pre-season camp activities. Not having full off-season practice and time with receivers has set him back.
We about to game plan this to a loss.
Once again our defense is getting worn out because our offense is fucking stagnant
Bullying us now. If we fall behind we aren’t clawing back.
Now Roman is going to predictably abandon the run because we’re down 4 points
Lamar is being exceptionally careless with the ball today
WHAT THE FUCK WHY DONT YOU CALL THE STEELERS FUCKING PENALTIES HOLY SHIT THE REFS SHOULD GET FIRED
Refs drove the ball for them
False start not called.
Ref ball for literally 5 minutes... bruh judon an idiot for hitting a ref now they’re getting us back
All comes down to the 4th down now. Jesus.
"We are not a contender, Lamar and Roman have regressed hard"
"2 Interceptions, 2 Fumbles, 9 penalties for 110 Yards, 2/3 Injuries (1 season ending), 1 player ejected for punching a referee.

Fucking. Incredible."
"AFTER A WHOLE DAY OF WEAK AS FUCK PI, WE CAN'T GET SHIT"
Blow them tf out on Thanksgiving please
HOLD UP Ben only got 24 yards in the first half???? I better here about this all week just like they do Lamar
Watt is just straight rushing Lamar every play.
Love the Ravens eating up clock. Wanna see the Steelers D gassed in the 4th qtr.
I love how a steelers player just runs straight at lamar every play no matter what
Put Boyle in and tell him the chip block the shit out of TJ punk ass.
Lamar’s gotta know to not hold it for that long. Especially not right at the LOS.
Lamar can’t hold the ball that long
"By the way, guys. You can’t run the ball every down. 

Quit blaming the play calls. That ain’t it."
"Pick six, fumble in the redzone, lose one of our most important players for the season. Just fuck it all up"
Lamar is holding the ball too long. He needs to get the ball out quick. Especially with the line is shambles. He’s not gonna have the time to wait for something perfect to open up
Their offense hasn't done shit. This is very winnable
That looked like the Prime 2019 offense
Longest half ever holy shit
Say what you want about Lamar but he’s tough as nails
Snead out there like who the fuck is Dez Bryant
The refs calling forward progress there is some bullshit
"I heard a lot of people talking shit about OBJ (Orlando) and I just can't take it. He is solid af and we are lucky to have him.

Edit: This shit talk was a result of me saying OBJ could definitely hold it down at LT if he needed to. And he looks the part."
Attn: Can we take a second to slow clap the O-line for staying strong #Next Man Up
"We played like shit against the eagles in the second half 

This game is far from over"
I really think this defense can be historic
Let's not act like the game is over - WE NEED TO CLOSE. Don't take your foot off their neck until the 4th quarter is done!
Let’s not get comfortable. The Steelers are incredibly well run. They’ll make it tough for us to continue how we did first half.
Bowser > Judon
Can’t say that I notice a difference with Judon gone...
[deleted]
Blame of the game is so easily Lamar. Doesn’t matter how bad the play calling is you still don’t just throw it into defenders lol
Lamar..  you got this
"Judging from a lot of these comments, a lot of people must've forgot how Ravens-Steelers games usually go...."
Lamar PFF grade going to be a 0.0 for this game
#Harbs needs to go upstairs and smack the shit out of Roman
"Just a disgraceful offensive performance yet again.

Imagine thinking Brown, Boykin and Snead will take you to the promised land in this league..."
Yeah that is clearly Opi on Claypool
Claypool acting like he didn’t get bailed out by like 3 bs calls
Must be nice only having to go 30 yards a drive to score
"110-30 penalty yards

What a fucking joke"
"""7 straight run plays"" and look at the good it's done us!!!!"
Ofc the Refs fucked us again
No clue on how they just allowed it to be 8 seconds
starting to wish judon actually hit that ref
Well fuck. Is that Lamar's first pick-6?
Worst throw I've seen him make I think.
I swear we absolutely waste a play on every set of downs.
Boykin looking like a man today!!!
"Refs- Call a bullshit foul

Peters- aight i see you. I’ll let em catch it"
Keep feeding the bus
"Now all we gotta do is run the ball, don't risk with an INT, eat from the clock and run for a TD. LET'S GO AND FUCK THE STEELERS!"
Keep running the ball. Watt is spying Lamar only. Hand it off to Gus/Dobbins for easy 5 yrds/carry
I got hate for saying TJ is a dirty player. Watch him on literally every rush get a late hit on Lamar
Hyped we got the ball but that PI call on Peters was just about the worst fucking thing I've ever seen
Lamar needs to stop playing hero ball sometimes
"well boys, we could go on to blow out the steelers and this would still be a very bad day for our football team. Sad to see it."
Getting Brigaded.
This thread is moving so fast that no one will know that I’m saying fuck the Steelers!!
Dumbass Judon
Oh well... More snaps for Yannick and bowser
Judon leaves the field and we get our first sack 😂  oh the irony
"I think the whole mutual respect thing is out the window right now. Both teams just want to kill each other, and it's the way it should be."
"Being frustrated at their offense 

Steelers 🤝 Ravens"
WHY THE FUCK DIDN'T THEY STOP THE CLOCK FUCKING BS
The Dolphins are beating the Rams 28-7 with under 60 yards of offense.  Wow.
Karma for that weak dpi call on Peters in the first
That turnover was basically a fuck you to our defense
17-0 if lamar doesnt make bonehead plays
Only Ravens mistakes are keeping the Steelers in this game.
"Lamar better show the fuck up.  He's been trash this game, and people saying otherwise on this thread need to face the facts."
Only difference between Lamar's performance in this game versus the Bengals game is the Steelers are catching these INTs.
"Right tackle is a full two yards off the line, receivers never getting set... We got called for both of those earlier when it wasn't nearly as bad"
Sack that rapist!
Justice Hill is in and we do a QB dive on 3rd and 8... We have lost all confidence smdh
Guys it’s okay to be critical of Lamar. We don’t have to go through mental gymnastics to just say he’s been bad today
"We've just seen in the past 3 minutes

* a Lamar rush TD
* a Hollywood / Lamar pass TD
* another Hollywood / Lamar pass TD"
"Our offensive line: 

LT: Orlando Brown (filling in for injured Ronnie Stanley)

LG: Bradley Bozeman (3rd year 6th round pick)

C: Matt Skura (5th year UDFA, coming off a ACL, MCL, PLC, and dislocated knee injury)

RG: Patrick Mekari (2nd year UDFA, filling in for injured Tyre Philips)

RT: DJ Fluker (29 year old RT filling in for Orlando Brown)"
They aren't even showing us a replay - it was def bs
Literally a free TD on a silver platter from the refs I can't even believe it
These ficking ticky tacky penalties are so fucking stupid
Nice job showing the “pi” cbs
The flags have been very ticky tacky and they’re throwing every flag on us. If Lamar wins this despite the turnovers he’ll have a lot of respect. Mahomes has won games like this numerous times. It’s time we see LJ do it too
Lol “too weak to rebuild our nation (that we broke)”
This game has been called so shit it's not even close to funny.
ITS ALMOST LIKE WE'RE GOOD AT RUSHING OR SOMETHING!!!
Lamar goes right he has a TD.
They’ve got to charge the Steelers a timeout for that
Shluld be a forced timeout at the end of last play
they have to either give us 5 yards or give us a timeout for the injury
How did we not get more time. That's bullshit
CALLS FOR PI FOR THEM ALL FUCKING GAME
That was a clear foul.
Fitzpatrick made contact before the ball was even there
"With Lamar off his game, a number of O line injuries, rainy day... Not the outcome any of us wanted but appreciated the hustle in the last 5. Move on, learn, and bring better energy and healthy players to playoffs"
Judon has more hits on an official than opposing QBs lmaooo
fuck tj watts bum ass
Someone in the sub said duv is starting. If so. LETTSSS FUCKINGG GOOOOOOO
this game will decide my feelings for the rest of today and beyond a little
Miss yanda...
Mikes Boykin said fuck this subreddit
Great job by Lamar and Boykin on the TD
#PETERS WITH THE REDEMPTION!!
"""Welp, here I go being a sledgehammer again""

- Gus Edwards"
Steelers have a good plan sending Watt every single time. The traditional run game has to feast on his lack of contain
Saw that coming.....Lamar tuck it and run baby
Lamar needs to get out of his own head and just do what he do
Dobbins runs for 30....next play let's pass...
Horrible injury after a massive extension seems a very Ravens thing... fuck
Any chance EDC can swing a 5th for a top 3 LT??
let’s win it for Stanley. PLEASE.
Lamar is so indecisive this season.  Looks like a rookie.
"If Lamar thinks he’s gonna have more than 3 seconds to throw, especially without Stanley, we’re fucked"
Pitts offense looks weak as fuck
"That drive, on this defense, was absolutely LEGENDARY"
This game is for stanley
"As I have said for far too many years, ""Every time Roethlisberger is sacked, an angel gets her wings."""
Lamar playing 4d chess with the fumble for the extra yardage
Ankle for ronnie..better than knee?
"Takeaways at the half:

-They're lucky they're not losing by more points.

-Ben hasn't thrown Marlon's way at all.

-This OL combo is great at setting up the run. I like that a whole lot, especially thinking about the future.

-A classic AFC North turnover showdown."
Tucker is the greatest NFL player of all time When rated by how good they are at their job
Imagine if that pick-6 didn't happen and we were up 17-0
"We are playing an undefeated team, Lamar has looked shaky but I have to remind you Lamar always tightens that shit up. in the second half, we are only screwed when his mistakes get us behind."
Defense nice and rested
"Not Ravens related, but I'm so glad Tua is balling

I was hyped for him for the past 2 years, and with the pressure of burrow and herbert, in glad he's playing well too.

Disappointed that all three of those are in the afc though!!"
Ben going full flacco and heaving the ball downfield hoping for flags
What the fuck is wrong with Lamar
Such bad throws. So fucking bad. Lamar is embarrassing himself today. 14 points currently in effect due to Lamar's turnover. Let's see if our defense can keep it from being 21.
WHY THE FUCK DID WE NOT RUN THE BALL. I'M LEGIT PISSED
"Also important to acknowledge all these Lamar turnovers are happening in either our 20 or their 20, he's absolutely killing us today."
Lamar either makes great plays or questionable plays
We’re getting a touchdown rn
I feel like we've somehow regressed back to the flacco years. And not the good ones
Which pedestrian Steelers LB is gonna get a pick next drive?
We're down because of Lamar
"I need a lamar response drive, or ima be irrationally angry at him the rest of the day"
It ain’t over yet.  Chin up and “CAW CAW!!”
Romo is being annoying asf today. Usually I love him but my god
Fire Greg Roman
There are so many times this season where I’ve seen refs destroy the raven momentum with bad calls. Forget the ravens/ Steelers rivalry. It’s ravens/ refs.
How hard is it to call it a TD and  just review it?
yay thanks refs for fucking us again and again. 0 oline holds on pits right? fuck this league
Claypool wouldn't last a minute with the Baltimore fans he's trash talking lmao
"Quick, start saying the Ravens are done. They are good when we say they’re done."
"Nothing else to say about that drive other than the refs should be ashamed, such stupid calls moved the ball for them."
Pathetic. 100 yards again of penalties. More shit offense. More shit defense at crucial times. Fuck me.
"What a bunch of bullshit calls holy crap.... they're not allowed to play \*any\* defense.  Steelers throw it deep, if no catch then pass interference."
"That drive, sponsored by refs.

Refs, you can't get the rub of the green with them if you're the Baltimore Ravens."
Can't wait to score so steelers can come out and launch a 95 yard pass and get a flag to win.
I’m loving dobbins.
DOBBINS IS A BEAST
Why the fuck would we kick a FG? We're down 4
Lamar shoulda bounced it outside ahhhh
4th and game
fucking heart attack time
With all the shit happened this game I'm proud of our boys against a great team
No matter what happens defense balled out today not one ounce a blame to them
#THEY BETTER FUCKING PUT TIME BACK
"If they didnt give the time back, they should have given 5 more yards for being offside."
WHERE IS THE TIME
"Trash refs. I know Ravens effed up, but that legit cost us another chance..."
If I hated the steelers now even more
Fun ref ball
Tough when you had to play the Steelers and the Stealers in one game.
Just fake an injury if you want with 20 seconds left. You don’t have to worry about the zebras giving time back to the ravens
Fuck off with these Trump ads
"""We aren't going to let you run a play because of the injury, but you also get no more time.""

BS"
No time added to the clock and an un-called DPI in the end zone. Perfect ending to such a shit game.
Lamar gifting them 14 points. smh. worst game of his career IMO.
Bro every fucking week they have Bill Cowher sucking off some Steeler in an interview
Boykin took coaches words to heart
"Tied the game back up! Good shit, not losing our heads"
#COME ON DEFENSE GET AN EVEN BETTER PICK SIX!!
Steelers fans crying about the refs in r/NFL lol
Lmao r/NFL is saltyyyyy
"Ah, just like every other Ravens-steelers game. We both beat tf out of each other, and go from DAMMIT to YEAH BOI every 3 seconds"
Peters luring them into a false sense of security with that penalty so he could get the fumble
That’s instant redemption from peters lol
"Peters said, ""fine, I'll just let him catch it then"""
Lamar throwing a pick 6 is like the lead singer throwing up before actually going on stage and performing a huge gig lmao
Juiceman has officially graduated from the Marlon Humphrey School of forcing fumbles.
Dobbins will finish the drive
After seeing Pit fans complaining about the refs i sincerely hope we put 60 on em man
"Tony Romo: ""ravens need to get 4 yards on first downs today""

Ravens: get 4 yards on every first down"
"Steelers are hitting Lamar after every play even obvious runs. There's gonna be a fight, I'll be disappointed if we don't start one. They're dirty and we need to send a message"
Held onto it too long honestly
Lamar wtf??????? Can't do that shit in the fucking red zone.
Really gonna be one of those games.
"Jackson seems too zoned in to prove he can pass the ball. Run that down the middle and he’s in. Gotta look to the coaches on this, they’re holding him back."
Delay of game. At least 3rd uncalled penalty on the Steelers...
"Defense is bailing the offense out so far, again."
We gotta get out of our own way The way defense is playing we owe them a score
What kind of spot was that by the ref?
"Lamar is my QB, no doubt.  But his decision making these past weeks have had me frustrated with him.  Prove me wrong MVP!"
Fuck TJ Watt
Lamar's going to be under the gun all game now. Losing Stanley hurts bad.
"That will probably be our most impactful injury this year, can’t overstate how bad it will be to have Stanley out."
Bro I’m gonna be honest as I sit here in my LJ jersey. Dude has been making wildly risk decisions every single game this season. I do not want to see him become a liability. Coaches need to sear this into his brain
This game is really hard to watch emotionally
PLEASE LET RONNIE BE ALRIGHT.
Steelers offense looks ass so far. We need a TD
Apparently helmet to helmet contact isn’t a penalty on Lamar.
"#HANDS DOWN BEST DRIVE ALL SEASON

only one pass and ran all over them. WIN FOR STANLEY"
Gus is a starter on other rosters.
We have no choice but to run it down their throats. They’re not stopping the run and it’s the perfect way to neutralize the pass rush
Gus and JK are the future
Y’all see Watt so pissed! Lmao
Offsetting flags
If refs were smart the penalties would be offset...
Judon is a fucking imbecile.
Judon you dumb fuck
"Even though it didn't look intentional, why is it always fucking Judon."
Ref is an absolute pussy. If you don’t want to be touched don’t be in the middle of a scrum between fuckin 200-300lb mammoths
"Man, Judon got the short end of the stick on that. Didn’t mean to, was trying to split them up, but fuck."
I’m glad Yannick is here to stay
Man I want to see calais squish Ben's ugly ass
I don't care there is only 3:44 left.  Run the ball.  Don't give Steelers ball back.
"I know he wasn’t trying to hit the ref. But he’s still an idiot for trying to break out like that so close to a ref. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes."
Romo hearing and interpreting the audible calls makes me so angry at the normal commentator quality.
It's not an INT but what an awful fucking throw
We’ve dominated this game and have practically nothing to show for it.
"Hey diddle diddle, Dobbins up the middle"
The number of formation penalties this team has every week is fucking infuriating
"SAY IT ROMO SAY HIS NAME 
JUSTIN TUCKER"
"A run heavy game and we’re the last game to reach half time 

lol"
Can we just let it set in that defense pitched a shutout so far.
"Colts fan dropping by, Tucker is just so sensational. Cherish him."
A lot went wrong but god dammit our guys are showing some god damn heart today. I love it.
"Didn't even look at the TV, knew he'd make it

Positives: The Steelers offense was shut out the WHOLE half. 26 straight quarters of scoring now. The run game is looking strong

Negatives: Losing Phillips and Stanley. WTF Judon? Lamar is still messy today, ball control needs to be a focus."
it’s a pleasure to watch the kicking goat casually nail a 51 yarder with 0 fear.
Goddamn I love never worrying about our Kicker missing
Being up 10 without Ronnie and Judon with 2 turnovers whilst dominating TOP and yards just shows how good we can be if we get everything working.
"Steelers defense is legitimately a nightmare matchup for Lamar. The THIRD year QB is up 17-7 at the half. I understand he hasn't been perfect, but gotta give the kids props. We're popping off some big runs because Steelers defense was told dont let Lamar out of your sights, yet he's still making crucial plays in a rainy day. Lets keep this up in the second half!!!"
Fuck off Romo
Wtf was that? That pass was never gonna make it. Lamars been a borderline liability this game. Not that Ben is doing much either but Jesus
"Jackson oats his chest and says ""My fault.""

No shit."
This defense deserves better than our offense
Lamar has been Pittsburgh's best offense today holy shit
This team is winning in spite of Lamar and the passing game. An elite defense and running game is what’s carrying us. Face the facts. Whenever we pass Lamar puts us in worse positions.
Lamars decision making this season has been fucking awful.
Lamar refuses to read defenses pre snap. Roman refuses to do anything pre snap to help him out. It’s like the book on developing quarterbacks is being willfully ignored. Year 3 is the make or break year for quarterbacks and these decisions are not getting any better from Lamar or the coaching staff.
"I don't buy the ""its just a good defense,"" Steelers aren't forcing 4+ turnovers every week. This is bad QB play."
why can't Hollywood brown get open? first round pick with no catches.  we need a spark on offense to go with the run game.
This game would be 24-0 Ravens without the turnovers
Defense doing that thing again where they are nowhere to be seen around open receivers past the sticks
"Take some notes, Lamar. That's how fast you need to release the ball sometimes."
We have 17 points they have one good drive all game and take the lead
Let's see if the MVP can wake up after 2.5 quarters.
Time to punch back
Just gifting them shit today.
Also I’m a giant lamar fan but come on hes just playing like garbage right now
We need a takeaway from our d right now.
I believe in the madden curse now
Idgaf about the scoring streak RUN THE BALL ON SECOND AND EIGHt
please stop going 5 wide please stop it
I see our offence has used the bye week *exceptionally well*.
that is the weakest holding call I think I have ever seen lmao what the fuck
"#WE SCORED 3 TDs THERE, DON'T @ ME"
"So one thing I’m realizing, is that even though this isn’t a textbook come from behind game. This is the third lead change. Lamar has been ridiculed for not being able to keep the team in games if he isn’t leading. This might be a step in the right direction for his confidence. Especially against the Steelers"
This reminds me of last years game in Pitt where the refs just walked them down the field every drive.
Refs blind to Steelers holding but got 20/20 vision on our team
stupid cunt claypool silencing the fans? yeah easy when the refs drive the field for you.
They couldn’t even find a replay to show for the pass interference on Marlon because it was such hot garbage.
"Please run the ball. Please run the ball and burn some clock. Please run the ball, burn some clock, and don’t give Big Ben any time for a last-minute drive."
"Ejections, over 100 yards of penalties, blatantly not calling oline holding or obvious pick plays on PITs. Like what's even the point to watch NFL when its this poorly called."
Refs carrying old Big Ben because he's too heavy to do it himself
Frankly if Lamar can’t manufacture a drive here we aren’t made for the super bowl yet
"Eat this clock, get seven, end it."
I am fucking in love with Dobbins
This seems like a good time to bring up the fact that JK Dobbins banged my girlfriends cousin
Omg I hate this team on third down and it shouldn’t be like that
This 4th down is do or die for us 😬
That was a horrible play call and everyone is blaming Lamar. He had no shot on that play.
They literally cannot stop the fucking run and Roman got anxious bc they stopped one run play
Not even a fan of either team but I mean kind of unnecessary roughness or something jeez
Forgot about the Steeler refs
"Analyst: ""Ravens are imposing their will on this steelers team"" folks we absolutely love to hear it."
Steelers and Refs vs Ravens Every year.
"Bengals fan here. Just wanted to say
Fuck the Steelers!!"
"Thats not on roman. Lamar has gifted them 14, shit happens. Gotta play better"
6-0 Steelers at 5-1 Ravens at 1 pm....2-5 Cowboys at 2-4-1 Eagles for primetime. Tell me thats not some bullshit
"Steelers are literally just tackling Lamar on every play and the refs are like ""Idk I didn't see anything""

EDIT: a word"
They could’ve been called for unnecessary roughness 3 times already.
Wow where has this Boykin been???
Gorgeous throw.
This is going to be a good but stroke-inducing game.
I think they put a GPS voice in Boykins helmet cause he was actually where he was supposed to be lmao
[removed]
MARCUS PEANUTS
Karma for the bullshit PI
I say that makes up for the “pass interference”
4 yards every run is what we need at the very least
bruh i missed the first fiveminutes did lamar throw a pick six ?
My wife is from Central PA. Needless to say we haven’t spoken today. Fuck the Steelers.
Bro are you fucking kidding me
"Chew an aspirin folks, gonna be a stressful day lol."
Dude. Fucking throw it. Jesus.
So at this rate there’ll be 15 turnovers between both teams but the end of the game
He’s gotta calm the fuck down
Is it just me or could he have ran that in or at least close to the end zone?
I’m loving this defense right now
Lamar on the bench wondering what that kind of protection would be like
Both teams have a championship Defense clearly. I just need Lamar to awaken the inner MVP
Are the refs just ignoring the play clock? Pretty sure they had 2 plays out of 3 run out the clock and no call
"Jimmy Smith is like a fine wine. He’s ironically gotten better for us even as his talent has dropped off, simply by being able to step into a less demanding role"
That proves my theory refs have no fucking idea where a kick goes out hes 10 yards off
We **have to** capitalize. Lamar can't pump fake three times. Just give it to Dobbins and Gus!! They're gaining at least 4-5 yards in 1st down runs. We don't need to pass on these jabronis
10 minutes in and the Steeler’s offense hasn’t done shit without a gifted DPI. That’s a positive. Just need to finish a drive.
Steelers are so fucking dirty
FUCK YOU PITTSBURGH
TJ Watt can fuck himself
"Jesus fucking Christ... and of course it’s fucking Watt, despite it being accidental.... FUCK!"
Fuck offense were winning with defense now
It has to be bad coaching. Why doesn't anyone tell Jackson to learn when to throw it away?
BLESS UP BIG RONNIE GET BETTER SOON MY GUY
Turned on the game and the first thing I see is Stanley getting carted off the field. Fuck my life bro
I can’t even watch after the Ronnie Stanley injury I’m so hurt boys
Orlando Brown could be an LT on other teams. The season isn't over.
I wonder if Ngakoue could play O line...?
Ravens need to run it more. They literally get 4-5 yards a carry...
"Lamar throws a TD: “OMG GOAT MVP”

Lamar throws an incompletion: “wtf how did he regress, when will he learn to throw”"
All crap aside the Ravens are playing good football on both sides of the field. Turnovers were bad but offense has moved well against the (2nd) best D in the league
Wait... running as a run-heavy offense... works?
That drive looked like the 2019 ravens
checkmate Roman our pass blocking olineman are all injured. now you ha w no choice but to run the ball
TJ Watt could stab Lamar with a rusty faceshield and I don't think the refs would call a penalty
"Calling it, we're resigning Gus next year"
Dont be stupid boys
"Weak ass call, ejection my ass"
I mean he obviously wasn't trying to punch the official but jesus Judon you are such an idiot.
"Everyone saying Judon is a dumbass rn. He did NOT swing at the ref. He’s pulling his arm from the coach. 

Should he have been penalized? Sure. DQ’d? Hell no."
NFL refs are the weakest people on this planet I swear
Judon will be a great Jet.
Judon was pulling that pos steeler off Peters' facemask
"Oh boy, here comes the ""can we trade Judon?"" posts, as if anyone wants that enough to give something up."
"Lol, this is a good game. Really feisty! Haven't seen that from the Ravens/Steelers matchup in while."
DeSack Elliott
"This is Ravens/Steelers football.

I hate it... BUT I LOVE IT!"
[deleted]
"Deshon has really impressed me, screw ET3"
seeing campbell jump is fucking scary
"This game definitely has a different atmosphere than last years 2 games. The rivalry is back. FUCK THE STEELERS. 

....And watt can suck my dick"
Uh oh - Ben faking an injury there. He setting up the ‘toughness comeback’ BS.
Fuck that rapist
I just had a heart attack
I think we can survive without Stanley with Brown Jr switched to the left and Fluker on the right
I love that Lamar always has a smile on his face after stuff like that. He's starting to have fun out there
"Now 4 starters, JFC. Just wrap everyone in bubble wrap and send Judon to therapy."
"Incomplete, but jesus fuck, Lamar"
All those Lamar haters love to knock his throws but love those runs ....
Honestly 200+ yards from this offense against that defense is hella fucking impressive. Especially with no Stanley.
DOBBINS IS SO GOOD
Snead isn't the flashiest player but he's consistent when we need him 🙏🏻
Aaaaaaand that’s why I’m at home and not coaching on Sundays
"Means nothing, but Lamar's behind the back spiral pass to ref was amazing."
Romo didn’t have shit to say about Tucker.
ROMO QUIET
Should honestly be blowing them out
"I swear to God, you could make the goal post four feet wide and Tucker would still make 90% of his kicks"
DEFENSE is playing lights out once again. First half shutout.
Despite everything I feel we have the momentum. We’ve kept the Steelers offense off the field.
Best run game iv seen all season. Dobbins  looks amazing. Cant wait to get Ingram back to.
I can already tell 4th quarter gonna have me hyperventilating.......and I'm not looking forward to it
steelers offence hasn't scored yet
"All this talk about the Steelers being the #1 defense, nope.  

We're #1 by far."
Let’s go. Revenge for Ronnie
Big Ben just doubled his passing yards in one play. concern.
JIMMY SMITH STILL A LOCKDOWN
Lamar is killing us
Lamar is single handedly keeping the steelers in the game. 3 crucial turnovers that are 100% on him.
Lamar man what are you doing
"Been seeing lots of comments: 


>	Lamar is playing maybe one of the worst games of his career.


The fact that our GDT’s are saying stuff like this *every. Single. Week* this season is big concerning"
Lamar had a bye week to prepare and he’s putting up the worse performance of his career. I don’t get it.
Lamar has made average LBs look like pro bowlers today.
Refs still butthurt that Judon “made contact” with one of them.
What is our defense doing? Can somebody explain why they are suddenly just giving up 10 yards plays out of nowhere
"[Extremely Greg Roman-ishly]

Uh oh, looks like we’re trailing now. TIME TO ABANDON THE RUN."
Cmon Lamar defense can only bail you out so many times
Don't wanna run on 2nd....but we'll run 3rd and 8...
Our passing game is nothing but Lamar trying to improvise. Nothing has worked as designed.
play calling has become predictable and stale.
Need a turnover
WHAT IS THIS. I really don't understand how people become OCs and are this trash. Get your fucking eyes off the Microsoft surface and watch the field.
Watching this game is the opposite of a good time
Why the fuck has TJ Watt been unblocked for like 25% of the snaps
Please Lamar do something 🙏
"Please just let Gus and Dobbins do their job. Stop going empty sets.

I seriously believe Roman and the team are letting social media response and PFF hype from stats dictate our game plans."
Let’s go Lamar!! Overcome adversity and let’s score! Show we can play from behind and get the lead back.
Watt is such a dirty fuck. Literally after every single play he does some stupid bullshit
You can only blame Lamar so much when receivers can't get open and the line can't get you more than 2 seconds
??????????? Go fuck yourself refs
Ravens made a good play QUICK THROW A FLAG
Were not getting that call with these refs but I think it’s still a smart challenge
knee that came down on the white.  We arent gonna win the challenge.
We just need one more stop
You all love Lamar again or what
I remember how it feels to be a Ravens fan circa 2011-2018.
Bonds literally gave up on the play???
Who tf is 38
I hate bitching about refs but omg
What the fuck did we do to these refs.
Have there been any calls at all on Pittsburgh after that first late hit?
Why was peters just watching that whole play
the refs are literally giving the steelers the game
Another questionable penalty by the refs. What the fuck
These penalties are a bit excessive
REFS GO SUCK A DICK
What is up with the penalties this year. Seems like we get so many this season
WAS THAT NOT AN ILLRGAL PICK?!!!
"Lol, that whole drive was gift-wrapped by the refs..."
It's just not fun to watch games that are completely manufactured by the refs.
110 yards (a free touchdown) gifted by the refs. John has to be vocal about this bullshit
"This D just gave up a long field with undisciplined play, lack of pressure and bad coverage.  C'mon man..."
100% ref aided drive
"Refs can call the game however they want, but just call the game the same BOTH WAYS"
"throw it and wait for the ref

gameplan is solid for ben"
Holy fuck the Bungles are gonna beat the Titans
Awful 3rd & 5
I don’t like the feeling of this one bit
Someone hold me
WHY TF IS IT EMPTY BACKFIELD ON 4TH AND 3
Well the “run the ball” crowd technically got what we were asking for lol
Empty backfield? On 4th and short? This is honestly shit that OCs get fired for
Holy fuck I’m just in disbelief at how bad that call was
Fuck the refs. Fuck the Steelers.
#NEED IV SNEED
We should get more time
Can we get some time back on the clock then...?
They better add time to the clock
Fuck dude my heart. I'm screaming so loud in going to get evicted
Lol fake injuries because the defense is gassed
Where is our 12 seconds back?
"we should've gotten time on the clock cuz of the injury 

WTFFFFFF"
Unreal. Refs love them
Some classic fucking refball sealed this
You dont see clearer fouls ever.
Damn can’t believe what I just saw. Duck the Steelers and fuck the north
I think LJ will learn from this.
"Steeler fan here coming in peace who for years loses fingernails watching the best rivalry in the NFL. Wanted to say I wish Ronnie Stanley who is a freaking warrior a speedy recovery. It’s fun to hate each other, the Ravens are ALWAYS tough as nails and I am here for it. Much respect, get well soon Ronnie if I’m going to talk shit I want u on the field"
[deleted]
"Call me what u will, but Lamar has single handedly fucked us."
"That looked bad. 

Refs fucked y'all

#birdgang."
"People saying it wasn’t intentional, tj watt tried to kill desean Watson out of bounds in the Texans game"
[deleted]
With these calls I wish Judon would have knocked that mf out lol
Blame of the game is Lamar and anybody who says otherwise needs to take their TV back to the store and never watch football again.
Have a good game games. I believe in y’all.
If you are watching this sober you are a warrior
Boykin and Snead showing up fucking finally
That's how you come back from a pick 6
Boykin looks incredible today. Maybe adding Dez to the squad is already paying dividends.
I'm gonna have a heart attack today
That's how you respond!!!!
Good ass drive after the mistake
Dez bryant is a wr whisperer bruh
So we are all gonna stay here right? Just let the Steelers fans melt down in the main thread.
Love to see steeler fans crying about refs like they aren’t one of the golden boy franchises that get favored constantly lol
Are they the fuck serious?? That wasn't catchable
PETERS TAKETH AND PETERS GIVETH.
Gonna die of cardiac arrest today goodbye cruel world.
He ripped the ball back under the pile ha
Turn it into 7. Let’s go.
What do you get when you cross an angry Raven and a shitty ass call by the refs? You get what you fucking deserve 💀
steelers fans gonna cry about the refs im sure
Son of a mother fucking BITCH these games
Damnit man. That’s two Lamar.
Why is he so afraid to take off and run?
I've seen that type of mistake happen one too many times. Keeps pumping then falls out
Saw that coming with the three pump fakes
"Bad Lamar . You are at the fucking goal line. This is the Steelers. Their Pressure is going to get to you after 4 secs.. You don’t pump fucking fake when the pocket around you has basically collapsed

Oline did it’s job and gave you more than enough time to make a decision. That’s 100 percent on Lamar"
This offence is just up and down. Lack of consistency will kill a team. The good means shit if you follow it up with bad play.
lets get a fucking safety going here.
Someone needs to tell lamar he's playing in the nfl and not his back yard
Lamar has to fucking tuck and run there
My fedex guy won’t put packages on my porch lol
God I miss Yanda so much. The big bearded beautiful bastard.
We’re playing fast and smart on d. Let’s keep it up.
"Short field, need some points. Lamar has to focus on ball security."
Offense did not even look that bad so far against the best defense in the league good shit guys
I just want to see Ngakoue get a sack today. Let’s go!!
"Well, it was a good year. The o line is already shit"
How was that dirty?  He rolled into him.
Lamar is making god awful decisions
Fortunately Ben looks terrible today
Remember when Peyton Manning got carried by his defense with the Colts to a Super Bowl? That might have to be us this year.
Man that turnover in the red zone gonna be painful at the end. Suspect 3 extra points would be enough to win this game
Lamar needs to stop trying to be a pocket passer and be Lamar. Be the person that got you the MVP and not this pocket person.
It’s almost like we built a team to pound and pound....
GUS THE BUS!
"&#x200B;

**Touchdown Ravens!!!!**"
minkah definitely led with his head on that lamar hit
Everyone stepping up rn !
"Holy shit, did Greg Roman just *adjust*?"
How did Stanley go down and then we dominate the power run on that drive. Football doesn’t make sense lol
"Ronnie Stanley getting injured is so terrible.

I get so sad whenever a big bear goes down."
Lamar took the toughest shot of his career on the chin (literally) and got right back up. Obviously he can't be getting hit all the time but all those people and media who said he's fragile can fuck off. Kid is tough
That was the best drive I've seen all season
I hate that it took Stanley going down for us to start running the offense this way.
"If not for the fumble, this game'd likely be 21-7. This is tense, but we knew it would be. We've answered the call well today"
TJ Watt crying on the sidelines hahah
Watt are you crying about
The Steelers are bitches
"Fuck these officials man 

if you need 5 to talk it over its no fucking penalty

no one wants to see you on the screen"
Stupid fucking Judon
Judon is literally good for one thing and thats getting penalties
Alright nevermind Judon didn’t do anything that ref flopped
Judon is dumb but that wasn’t his fault
THATS THE SAME FUCKING REF PUT THE PUNT 10 YARD DOWN FUCKING STEELERS FAN
Campbell is our god
I’m just enjoying the hell out of Nantz Romo
Saints fan here. That PI on Peters early in the game was a weak call and so was that Judon call
Anyone see that dudes Flacco hoodie?  Elite
Ravens Steelers is the best rivslry by far in the NFL
"Yannick made first contact, I love it


Great call, Wink let's fuckin goooooo"
The D might be faster without Judon. It's fine. FTS.
So is Ben actually hurt or is he just acting hurt like he always does
"There it is, the annual Ben Rothlisberger fake injury against us"
Ben's gonna play up an injury and then limp around all game because he loves when people think he's tough.
"I miss Ronnie, but it’s nice to see how well were doing without him against such a good defense"
It's almost time for a bomb to Marquise
Lamar is trying so hard to prove the doubters wrong that hes proving them right.
Ravens are proving the forward pass was a mistake
They are not the #1 defense. They have just played shitty teams.
Over 150 rushing yards in the first HALF
Hello everyone! I hope you have some room on the bandwagon for a Texans fan this year. My friend recently took his own life and the Ravens were his team.  Immersing myself in the Ravens seems like the only appropriate thing to do. Can’t wait to join y’all along the journey this year ❤️
They called Justin Tucker “one of the absolute best” and I’m offended.
AutomaTUCK!
#Tuck God
"#THAT CLOCK STOP!

Lamar hurling the spare ball just in time to snap down the live ball with 3 seconds left - incredible."
That Tucker wink at the camera
God I fucking love Justin Tucker
Remember how bad the thread was 9 seconds in
"

The team's use/nonuse of Dobbins to this point is absurd. He may be the 3rd best player on offense after LJ and Andrews and they barely use him."
[What its like to have Justin Tucker as your kicker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YOieAQvvRc)
we’re destroying this team and we’re playing like shit. we can turn this into a throttling if we stop shooting ourselves in the foot
At the least this dispels any notion of the Steelers being “superior in every facet of the game” a take I saw quite a bit on their sub leading up to this game
Man there's a lot to like about this game and a lot to not like. Really up and down.
Why is the pick-6 the highlight they show when the Steelers are losing so badly
We need to resign bowser to replace Judon please
The fact that wasn’t a flag and the peters one earlier was lol
Steelers complaining about flags is hilarious
Lamar WTF ARE YOU DOING
Holy fuck Lamar...
"That’s 14 points just off Lamar, that is unacceptable MVP or not"
Run the ball? You get 170 yards in a half and we just abandon it. So frustrating.
Lamar has not looked good since before the chiefs game which is concerning
Embarassing stretch of football there.
All of the Steelers points are off turnovers today.... literally the only way they can score.
My buddy defending Lamar and saying he's not throwing bad today is just dumb
Lamar is giving them the game come on wake up
We'll bounce back.
Feed the bus and Dobbins
Supposed to be a penalty for talking to the refs with no mask
"If we lose the game, it’s on Lamar"
They won't show a replay. What the hell happened to the defense?  No one within 10 feet of the receiver.
Lamar the anti Flacco plays well against the bengals poor against the Steelers
Did anyone watch Unsolved Mysteries on Netflix? What was up with the alien episode?
Lamar been coughing up the ball all day and been throwing reckless passes. He needs to stop being so reckless with the football
Steelers could win this game just by throwing the ball up in the air. The refs are clearly just calling pi no matter what.
"Is this the first time the Steelers have even ""driven"" to our end of the field? Garbage DPI call got them there, this would be a blowout if Lamar was just having a below average game as opposed to an all-time terrible game."
Weird how we didn’t need to dive at Ben’s legs there
Momentum has been completely shifted
They're just running short slants and curls and moving the chains. Odds our offense is taking notes?
All momentum has been lost. This sucks.
No point in paying Judon when we got Ferguson and Bowser and Ngakoue?
We sure can give up a lead but can never come back
Defense could only hold them off so long. Lamar fucked this game.
I love Lamar but this one is on him if we lose
Lamar will get the blame of the game if he doesn't ball out here in the end of the 3rd and 4th
Dammit we gotta stop playing playoff football
"Where are all th fucking ""Calm down were up guys"" people.  This is why you play like you're always down until clock hits 00:00"
What is a J Balvun?
Anyone blaming roman needs to look deep at Lamar. A NFL qb should be trusted to throw a corner route
I just bought a Lamar jersey and this is my first game wearing it. This is obviously my fault I'm sorry everyone
Ball security coach is edward scissorhands
"and now we're seeing Badrews again.

Jesus."
"Can we also be honest, this patchwork offensive line against the kind of d line we are facing isn't helping."
#Roman Has To Go
Really a qb dive on 3 and 8 welp boys somebody get the gun
Every time the ravens get the lead they forget how to play football
Hill jumped out the way. Fml.
Hollywood had 1v 1 on the outside. Would rather have had a deep shot whatever the outcome than a dive play
3rd and 8 and you’re running an option with our 3rd string RB with the division on the line
Unfortunate that Hollywood couldn't play today
"I JUST WANTED MY TEAM TO WIN AND HOLD A LEAD.

GUESS THAT'S TOO MUCH TO FUCKING ASK FOR"
CBS sitcoms will heal the racial divide...
How are we not throwing on 3rd and 8
"Probably the biggest defensive possession of the game, inspiring stuff that they held up here.

If you gotta play for field goals and grind the win out in all for it"
I’m gonna throw up
I'm so fucking sick of this game. Ronnie and the turnovers are just making this so unenjoyable
Lamar missed that wide open TD fuck
Four down territory. We gotta get to the 1 with everything then QB sneak
So Ravens have to get a TD 3 times for it to “count” cool
Every damn year this game is some extra shit
"To the naysayers, bandwagoners, and fairweather  fans:

Remember this drive, and don't show your face in the post-game thread."
"Best Ravens-Steelers game in a while. So much drama, action, and momentum shifts! :O"
Why is this Bonds guy playing football?
Why aren't they calling holding on the Steelers like god damn why do the refs hate us
Marlon punch this bitch so I can quit drinking
"Never thought I would say these words

We need Averett back to get Bonds outta here"
Dude these flags are actually insane.
I refuse to believe that if they are calling PI this closely that we shouldn't have some in our favour.
#That’s a soft ass fucking foul
WTF??? Ref was right there. That was OPI on that 3rd down conversion
9 penalties for 110 yards. Christ.
I have never felt worse about a team 4 game above .500 in my life.
clear pick missed
Claypool sucks dicks behind Sheetz on his off days
Can’t imagine all these bs DPI calls are cheap for the Steelers to buy
Fuck... Still plenty of time left. Time for the offense to work some magic!
How was that not offensive picking
The refs have been awful
Refball
does anyone have good recommendations for blood pressure medication?
Pittsburgh refs
Our offense spotting Pittsburgh 14 points is never a recipe for success
I wanted to see that pass interference replay...
We always have to beat the refs to beat the steelers every fucking year
Refsburg
Lets not forget that our defense has only given up 21 points and one of the steelers touchdown drives started on our own 21.
A bright spot: Dobbins will become a star.
"I do not believe Heyward is hurt. He'll be back.

They were just getting gashed."
Did Roman finally find the missing running pages from the playbook?
Nobody is kicking shit here tones
Oh god. Oh fuck. Oh shit. Someone hold me.
"Win or lose no matter what, Ravens/Steelers are by far my favourite games of the year, and arguably in the entire league. They are THE rivalry of the sport. Absolutely must watch every single time."
"Run the option here on fourth and short. Except Lamar keeps it this time as he’s trained the Steelers d for the pitch

It can’t go tits up."
EVERYONE PRAY TO WHATEVER GOD U BELIEVE IN RIGHT HERE
This offense needs to snack away snack away snack away y'all.
I would run that play 10/10 times because that was going to be touchdown
Blame of the game: Lamar
Roman is on drugs
Tht QB draw was the most predictable bullshit ever
I like going for it. Don't mind a QB run. Hate a QB run from an empty set. Don't see why it wasn't the QB power set from the Seattle game.
We should really have more time here right
They better reset that game clock
Tight butthole here boys
"The Andrew’s drop was on Andrew’s. He stopped running. Lamar threw it perfectly for a receiver that was still running and it would have hit in stride.
Move your ass mark. Come on."
How is that not PI
How the hell do they not put time back?
No time added is bullshit
"Good game. shit refs, questionable playcalling and turnovers fucked us"
"ref ball thanks. no extra time, shit ejection, multiple things."
Steelers get 10 penalties on previous drive softer then that last play. Gtfo
"What a shit called game, for real.  Ravens lost this, but stop letting these refs ruin games."
Notice how none of the Ravens dove at the linemen's legs there?
I still think our d can win us this game
Helmet hit but no flag dirty steelers
"I’m just going to say it, I’m unbothered by Judon getting the boot"
Most pissed off I’ve been at Lamar. Hope he shows something
The eye test showed the Lamar has not been playing good this year... idk where some of y’all got those stats saying he’s doing better than last year
"Romo is a clown. You take the chance and go for the 1st down and run it way down on the clock for the win.

No way in hell you kick 3 and hope to get it back."
These trump ads make me wanna kill myself
"I'm still astounded that the call was made to not add time to the clock. You mean to tell me both teams are sprinting down the field to hurry up and spike the ball and not one ref went ""oh hey a steeler is laying there fucking dead back there"" before there was 8 seconds left? If that's the cases then we need to really consider bringing in new refs to the league."
Are you guys blind? Boykin clearly ran a bad route there. Simple curl route where he drifted toward the middle instead of coming back toward the QB. Will result in a pick a lot of the time when a WR does that.
"😡 -> reaction to the rollout    
🥰 -> reaction to the TD"
how did they not add time to the clock?
I miss going to games man
"I legit barely slept, havent been this nervous/excited for a steelers game like this in a while"
Hopefully we take control of this game from start to finish. I wanna see the clowns tomorrow on all sports network to eat crow and re think their thoughts on these overrated ass Steelers who have beat absolutely nobody till they beat the titans by 3 points..
Let's get ready to rumble!
"Ben, I'd like you to meet Calais.  

That's your nose over there."
That literally couldn’t have been any fucking worse.
Lamar had a dude wide open to his left. Open
How was that not roughing the passer by the way?
Shit throw but nothing that can’t be overcame.
Fucking late hit too
Aaaaaand it's over
Time to abandon the run.
Offense is garbage again what else is new... fuck
IDK what's going on with these guys but either Lamar can't see shit or these receivers just can't get open. There is nothing over 15 yards ever.
That makes up for the other two late hits they didn't call.
"“this game is about penalties and turnovers”

wow, you mean just like every other game that’s ever happened?"
I love Lamar. I have the dudes jersey hanging in my room. Can't say I'm comfortable with the thought of him signing a 200m+ deal if he stays playing like this.
Did sone of yall start watching football yesterday? That was a fucking clear late hit
Snead's 1 appearance per game has come early lol
#BOYKIN SIGHTING CONFIRMED!!!
"There we go, great pass Lamar"
Everyone can get back on the bandwagon now
Fuck yeah Boykin! Two big catches already
"Where all my Boykin haters at?

See what happens when Lamar throws a ball within 4ft of a huge receiver?"
big boykin no little boykin
Alright. Now let's fuck up the rapist.
Dude steelers fans over in the main game thread are so fucking toxic
LETS GO YANNICK
"“So much hate, there is love” good way to put it.

I hate the Steelers so much but darn if these aren’t my favorite games every year"
Bullshit call
PUNCHOUT PETERS
#THE STREAK BOIS
MP JUICEMAN WITH THAT 4D CHESS PICKING UP THAT PASS INTERFERENCE IN ORDER TO FORCE THE FUMBLE
The Marcus Peters experience is a rollercoaster haha
#GET FUCKED SHITTSBURGH
Peters said fuck that penalty. Imma get them off the field myself
This is gonna be a good fucking game
Glad the replay review team didn't screw that up like I'd expect them to do.
we tiring out this defense babyyy
TJ Watt hit RG3 late every play last year too
JK is literally Ray Rice Jr
DOBBINS IS THE NEW FUCKING RICE BUT WITHOUT THE WIFE BEATING SHIT
FUCK
ffs lamar needs to stop holding the bar so far out
These qb-created sacks are killing us this year
We knew what this game was going to be. Hold on to memorabilia bois...
Defense gotta bail us out a little
"&#x200B;

Lamar do better!"
"He's so indecisive this year, figure it tf out dawg. That's two turnovers that are on him"
How you really gonna let them have a delay of game lmao
#FEED JK G. ROD U FUCK
"jimmy tryna punch the ball out, love to see it"
We need points now while the steelers offense is still ass
wtf is that spot
That was clean lol
TJ Watt is still so salty from when Lamar put him in the dirt last year. Explains all the late hits
Obviously either tore something or broke something there.
"Holy fuck thats a broken ankle. God fucking damnit. Fuck this brutal sport, man."
THEY NEES TO BE FLAGGED THEY ARE COMPLETELY RECKLESS BEHIND THE LINE OF SCRIMMAGE
Wtf are we gonna do on the line now. There are hardly any options to begin with and now we have to find a replacement for stanley too. Fuck.
"Literally, in terms of how bad this affects our team, losing Stanley is as bad as it gets other than losing Lamar."
Bruh lamar is going to get killed without a line
Anyone else feel uneasy when Lamar does herky jerky shit in the middle of getting tackled
Lamar doesn’t have that fire or anger after bad drives/plays like last season. What’s the deal?
"Dude..i just cant believe that fucking happened

Lamar has got to be head on a fucking swivel man"
this game has been nauseating so far
Fuck the Steelers
The game is still tied
We need a defensive td
"Look at what the steelers are doing on O, quick passes. Fuck cant we do that shit?"
Look how fast that ball comes out. Why don’t we do that? I just don’t understand
BRO WE WILL WIN WITH DEFENSE
Come on do it for Ronnie
We can be contenders without Stanley I still believe. Maybe by trade deadline we make a move for OT? Still hoping for the best though.
This game should AT LEAST be 13-7.  Come on Offense!
Lamar about to break TJ Watt’s ankles for Ronnie. 😤
I like Watson but that commercial is garbage
"Tired of everyone defending TJ. He plays dirty and reckless every week. You don’t coach players to tackle with their heads down, diving at other players Legs. He hit RG3 late multiple times last year"
Run it down their throats. Fuck these guys
Now we’ll throw for some reason.
Keep running the ball!
J.K got me Throbbins
FINALLY WERE RUNNING THE BALL !THANK FUCK
Beat these pieces of shit
Best drive of the season so far
#GUS BUS HAS NO BRAKES BEEP BEEP
That’s targeting in college
Minkah needs to be suspended for that hit
So much for the Steelers unreal run defense
"Look at that, we run the ball and we score"
"YES, THAT DRIVE WAS FUCKING RAVENS FOOTBALL!!"
Lamar was a fucking TROOPER for taking that hit
That drive reminded me of last year's Ravens!!
Fuck man I know his chin hurts. But that drive would make Stanley proud
"Best run D my fucking ass!! Fuck these motherfuckers dawg, RUN THAT DAMN BALL!!!"
lol had two starting lineman go out and just went out and bitched them anyway. Love to see it
THE RAVENS ARE *RUNNING THE BALL*
8 RUNS ON THE DRIVE... YOU LOVE TO SEE IT!
Glad Roman didn't try to get fancy at the 1 yard line there. No team in the NFL can stop us reliably if we need a single yard. This offense built too well to not get 1 yard when they need it.
"That was a Ravens 2019 drive right there, let’s fucking go"
Now I'm getting hyped thinking about Dez as a run blocker
"Stanley down. Ingram out.

Gus & JK: WE’LL FUCKING DO IT AGAIN"
This is a ‘What did it cost? Everything’ type of game isn’t it :(
"If baby bitch Ben took a hit like that, there would be shit in his pants right now."
Watt and his coach are screaming at each other. Nice.
TJ getting SPICY on the sideline
Dobbins and Edwards is the new Rice and Pierce
McPhee setting the edge like a BOSS
Let em fight
Mathew Judon may be the biggest fucking idiot in the NFL get him the fuck out of here
Body built by being a fuckin idiot
Yo that’s a bs call i know Judon’s gone at the end of this season but like he wasn’t trying to punch the damn official
LMAO WHAT A BULLSHIT contact lmao
Is that geriatric fuck of a referee for real get your fucking hand out of his face if you don’t want to get touched fucking spastic
really? official fucking flopped
"Weak ass call, weak ass official."
Ejected from the game for incidental contact? Nice
So Judon’s waving arm hitting a ref’s arm after the play nets the Steelers 15 yards? Did I see that wrong?
This defense....
Hahahaha fuck you fat man!
Nice stop after the idiocy
Yannick was there fast...
This game is gonna turn our boys into men. Turning point of the season low key
Fuck that fat ass rapist
Look at the way Ben is playing rn...why do we even worry about Lamar
Legend with the Flacco Elite hoodie
That Flacco elite shirt 😂😂😂
I fucking love how chippy we are. We look fucking **angry**
Judon just trying to help clean things up.   Sucks.  I think he doesn't get a fine on that tho.  Shouldn't anyway
Loving this next man up adjustment. We are landing some heavy blows on them. Big Jen also has a big problem with his elbow again
The intentional forward fumble for an extra 3 yards...
This game is giving me a heart attack. jfc.
That's a 2020 looking slide
Lamar is out here practicing ground ball drills.
"If that's an INT, I'm the pope"
I’ll admit I’m a Lamar apologist but that throw was actually pretty bad
We're so good when we stick to what we do best.
Dobbins is going to be amazing for us
JK Dobbins is awesome!
"I like snead man. He's no superstar, but he does good work for us."
He's called Big Truss for a reason. Have some **trust** in our QB instead of blowing his mistakes out of proportion.
Thankfully they gave us that
Fuck these refs
BULLSHIT. He was out of bounds anyways!
Automatic this guy
Yo 2 guys chasing Lamar I seriously hate this cheap ass team.
"Justin ""who the fuck is Harrison Butker"" Tucker"
Man these refs are ridiculous lol
"This half of football aged me two years, I swear."
Without that pick-6 this game is 17-0
"Dobbbbbbbins!!!!! He got out, but still we got it clocked!"
Incredible awareness by Lamar.
THIS IS WHY I HAVE A TUCKER JERSEY. DUDE IS THE BEST
Dobbins kept chugging there. Did way too much work to get to the side line for them to say his progress was stopped.
Every Tucker kick is a money shot
Massive run by Dobbins there. There is a huge difference between kicking from 50-55 and 56-60 in M&T. Feels like Tucker basically never misses from 50-55.
The announcers trying really hard not to refer to Tucker as the GOAT
SAY IT ROMO
Did anyone see that tucker wink 🤩🤩
Tucker is so phenomenal it’s at the point where a 50+ yarder in the wind and rain is just expected by us. Never take this man for granted.
Those points at the half are big. Need to be prepared for Pitt to try and air it out after the half.
Refs tried to fuck us on that run. Called forward progress and Dobbins didn't get out yet didn't blow the fucking whistle lol. Almost cost us three points.
Big Ben's elbow is going to be the big question in this second half
Fat faking fuck
Bowser much better then dumbass Judon
Jimmy playing lights out
Don't know exactly what their roles are but Bowser sure is playing better than Judon
No way that’s grabbing Tony.
"I hope we re-sign Bowser, he's finally developing and he'll be cheap compared to Judon, for example"
"Two notes on that drive - great stop from Bowser, I remember watching his tape out of college and seeing him make similar plays in coverage, glad to see him develop at the next level. Also, very underrated coverage on Smith - a bit of grabbing (Peters was called for the same thing in the first q) but he rode Dionte out of bounds, can’t ask for much more in coverage."
Gotta disagree with Romo there. That’s just good coverage from Jimmy there. But I do reserve the right to call the refs pieces of shit if this kind of amazing coverage gets called a penalty against us.
"Steelers already got a DPI on an uncatchable ball, don't need another freebie."
That play showed Jimmy's experience
Our D looks nasty as fuck and I'm loving it
Why. Are. We. Throwing. The. Ball.
I'm getting really frustrated by Lamar today.
Lamar is the only reason why the Steelers are in this game
They have 2 TDs on Lamar’s turnovers...bruh is playing like shit
"Not gonna lie, Lamar smirking on the sideline isn’t a good look. Last year, he would get really emotional and angry. Haven’t seen that today."
Literally just allowing them to make this game competitive.
All the steeler points have been gifted to them by Lamar turnovers.
"Everyone is trying to blame everything but Lamar. Dude is playing terribly this game and no one else, he’s throwing it straight to defenders not Roman. And ima huge Lamar homer but he’s ass this game"
Madden curse is back
"Its on Lamar...

But what is with these play designs?  Are they designed to get players open, because they aren't."
The referees union wants to complain about masks but this moron doesn't even have his mask hardly on... Lmao
"Lamar is playing bad, the OC is play calling bad, the weather is bad. Can we please run the ball right now."
Something is fucking wrong with this offense
"For a guy who made very few mistakes last year, he is making some awful decisions"
Dude football isn't even fun to watch and is bad for my heart why do I even do this shit to myself
Who the fuck is Terrell Bonds
That DPI was weak sauce...c’mon
I’m sad af I thought Hollywood was gonna be a weapon this year
Why have we not thrown one deep shot to hollywood in 3 strait games?
"Refball. Fucking hate that ref, turtle looking mother fucker"
Defense can only hold them off so long.
Marlon punch it plz
This is literally a fucking joke.
"People complaining about the D. Well they can't do literally everything, especially when our offense is stagnant at best and Lamar dressed as a double agent for halloween. Pittsburgh wouldn't even be in this game if our offense would stop fucking up"
"Man, Ferguson is making his presence felt in a positive way. It's nice to have an olb who does that"
Ahh I see second half against the Eagles defense has reappeared
If Lamar doesn’t get his shit together this game is done. Simple as that.
"This is frustrating. Cmon Lamar, I know he can pull it together. It's just a matter of will he"
Why do rappers have mcdonalds meals?
This is so winnable but we’re about to abandoned the run and pass every down which will kill us 🙃
Greg Roman cannot play from behind
Read option with a 4th string RB. hmmmm
Greg roman play calling is ass bruh
Guy needs to learn how to play in big games.  No point in adding weapons if you can’t get the ball to them.  They are just going to stuff the box now and force Lamar to throw another pick to them.
Honestly this Ravens offense sucks
"I am not optimistic about us at this point even if we pull it out. Our offense has noticeably taken a step backwards further than the one our defense has taken forward. Lamar is trying to do too much instead of taking the easy play sometimes. He needs to shore that up if he wants to be the real deal. I have faith in him to correct it, but I don’t think this year is our year anymore especially with the injuries and general state of the OL"
Anytime Hill is in = loss
bernie meme I am once again asking you  to throw one deep ball the entire game
"Feels like gotta get a random play like a fumble or interception to swing the momentum back. Or a punt return or something. 


Not a huge fan of running the ball on 3rd and 8 either but probably a 4 down type of math if the play had gotten 5-6 yards."
The amount of people saying “watt wasn’t even touched” without realizing that is literally the whole point of read option is hilarious.
31st ranked passing offense. Who could possibly be worse?
"Lamar isn't playing great but when he's bailing after looking down the field, it's pretty obvious the real problem are the pack of WRs but continue steaming fans."
Lamar playing like it’s the playoffs.
Lamar might as well have been a real llama today. I love him but JFC.
That turnover in the red zone feeling really horrible now. Could have used at least 3
I haven’t seen a single pass outside of the Boykin TD where Lamar has trusted a receiver and launched it. Every pass has just been some panicked toss after holding for too long. I’d be down for a proper bomb amid an otherwise balanced attack.
DUVERNAYYYYYYY
Fucking refs man
FUCK OFF REFS
NEED FOR SNEAD!
"#I FEEL THE NEED

#THE NEED IV SNEAD"
Refs are wearing more yellow than pittsburgh today
My blood is fucking boiling
"This is what frustrates me about Lamar, as much as I love him. Throws 2 really, really bad short yardage picks. Then throws an absolute beautiful ball 30+ yards down the field to Duvernay"
"In the words of Ray Lewis, Lamar is pissed off for greatness."
"Bad throw. Hollywood was wide open, no reason to lob it so high and so far."
That should have been a easy fucking TD Lamar why would you need to throw it so far over man
Ref just rolled his eyes having to do the replay. We aren't getting it.
Does 1 knee count as 2 feet?
They called the shin as a completion earlier in the Dolphins game. Please don’t duck this up NFL
FUCK IT I'LL DO IT AGAIN!!!!!
LETS GOOOOOO FUCK THE STEELERS
"When Hollywood wants touchdown, Hollywood gets touchdown"
"Ravens TD

Refs on suicide watch"
"Look, I am the ultimate “don’t blame the refs” guy but fuck those cock suckers and nice revenge play"
"Fuck anyone saying brown is a bust, I don't give a shit, find another team to bandwagon"
Defense had time to rest. This is where they step it up.
Refs 🤝 Steelers
some1 give me some beta blockers the way I'm about to have a heart attack
The fact that the ref even thought that was a foul is awful
Glad they’ll call that bullshit old on us but are completely ignoring the Steelers
And another flag.   And another flag
I’m getting real tired of that ref’s face
So no replay on the PI?
Are the refs from Pittsburgh or something?! Wtf.
FUCK ALL REFS
Can we see the replay??
Marcus peters wanted no part of tackling him
"Pass rush hasn't been getting home this drive, that's the difference."
"I’ve noticed nearly every game we play against a good WR, they have little to no catches first half and then dominate in the second..."
Fucking refs
Fucking refs gave them that td
We gifted them way too many points early on and now it's coming back to wreck us.
Time for a 7 minute touchdown drive
"What are Bisciotti, DeCosta, and Harbaugh doing about the blatantly unfair officiating the team has experienced since Harbaugh's tirade towards the refs on MNF?"
First game winning drive for Lamar
"How tf are you supposed to play defense on receivers? At some point it’s kind of ridiculous, you can’t even be in their vicinity without a flag"
Desperately need a replay of the PI on Marlo
lamar is lamar's worst enemy. Dude's super talented but his tendency to panic results in picks and turnovers. He's gotta get more resilient mentally
We been shooting ourselves in the fucking foot. I’m so tired of it. Just about every game we get dumb ass penalties
9 penalties for 110 yards. Second game in a row penalties have been an issue for us
Get ready for a bunch of Holding and illegal formations penalties.
You’d think that with the refs calling BS PI all over the place the Ravens would dial up a bomb or two.
"Greg Roman with good play calling for once. Run the ball, kill the clock, don't leave the refs any time."
Jk needs to be the 1 going  forward unless he cant block at all there is no reason he shouldn't be the 1
JK YOU CAN COME OVER AND FUCK MY WIFE
Dobbins is RB #1
Dobbins is the best OSU RB since Eddie George. Don’t at me
That Dobbins guy is pretty good. He should play more.
Why the fuck not run it quick before the 2 minute warning incase you don’t get it
Why choose now to run the ball a whole drive? Could have started this a while ago
Lamar to the edge has been there all fucking day let’s do this shit bois
DONT RUN IT UP THE GUT. That shit is predictable
Well that’s one way to ruin my entire week
"Terrible fucking play call, everyone expected it."
FUCK. YOU. GREG ROMAN
I’m sorry but that one wasn’t on Lamar. We have a fourth and short and go EMPTY BACKFIELD!?!??
4 turnovers by Lamar. Pathetic.
Blame of the Game on Lamar 100%
"Ran all the way up the field with big chunk runs, then do a 5 wide qb draw lmao Roman never fails to amaze"
Defense bailing the offense out AGAIN.
NOT over yet boys
I hope lamar makes a whole bunch of yall eat a shit sandwich
"Steelers really to stop with all these ""injuries"""
So do we get time back on the clock from the minute he was down?
We should get our time back if they need to take an injury time out
Put the time back on the clock
Should be an injury timeout with like 6 extra seconds
put more time back up
Stop booing you fucks bad look
We should get more time
anybody else’s heart beating out of their chest?
We would’ve had time if they added back 5 seconds
 No time added is clown shit
Defenseless receiver. That’s a fucking penalty
The Steelers make me sick
This is bullshit
Refball
MINKAH FITZPATRICK IS A CERTIFIED BITCH. FUCK HIM.
"I am really sick of people turning on Lamar. Yes, he's not doing well, but he is still our QB. 

Ease up"
"Lamar, make a fucking *decision* bro. Dude is simply waiting too long."
Defense is playing like the #1 D rn but O is fucking up
That was an accident but still TJ Watt is the biggest dickhole in the league
Refs almost fucked us there holy shit
"Anyone bashing the defense is not watching the game. 

The only reason Pittsburgh has been in a position to score points is because of Lamar. Period."
Lamar bad throw really changed this game. Man why do you have to throw that pick.....
Cmon Lamar defense can only bail you out so many times
Lamar has killed us this game. Killed us.
HOW WAS THERE NO TIME ADDED
FUCK FITZPATRICK HE ELBOWED SNEAD IN THE FUCKING THROAT
Hot takes and Lamar hate for a week sigh
"It's ok. Lamar played like shit, the refs were waving their terrible towels all game, and we still had a chance at the end.

WE WILL RUIN THEIR FUCKING THANKSGIVING"
If you believe that trump add you’re fucking brain dead.
"TJ Watt wasn’t dirty for that play, he’s dirty for tackling Lamar every play regardless of the action"
Let me see that ref on the street I'll show his old ass a fucking swing
Bengals beating the titans at this time. Think they will blow it?
I literally hate our offense this season minus Gus and Dobbins
This offense is a dumpster fire. It's broken idk anymore.
Wow congrats refs I mean Steelers
I can't believe cbs here is showing the colts and lions game instead of this one. I've been mad all morning
Ngakoue hype!
It's too early to be feeling like a playoff game lol
"Checking in from France. Let’s fucking goooooooooo! 

And fuck the Steelers!"
Lets keep things positive all game long. Have faith. TRUSS
"Lamar man, terrible"
Snead was open I think if Lamar just looked a bit left. Ugh terrible start.
Throw was late as fuck. Shit decision
Shit start but holy fuck how is that not roughing the passer?
What kind of route tree was that
Felt like a personal foul play after that tbh
Should've came back. Roughing the passer after the throw.
Shit I thought that was another pick. Not seeing smart decisions.
Snead is sooo slow
Nice play by Lamar and Snead!
Tyree is so ass lmao
"Ok Lamar, more of those please and thank you.

Boykin, you as well."
Where are all the people “done with Boykin” after a season and a half
That was a beautiful throw.
They had a linebacker on him.... the disrespect lmao
Perfect throw
Lets get that pick 6 back on big ben
Pick 6 on bitch Ben now
I think Boykin and Snead heard y'all talking. They getting open now
Dez signing lit a fire under Boykins ass? 👀
Peyton Manning pronouncing Tide makes me mad for some reason
Tom Brady had a pick 6 and a INT in the span of like 5 min in week 1 against the saints. Lamar is fine
#FTS
Lol Ben's pass so powerful it made Ebron do a Madden animation for 3 seconds.
rEfS aRe gIvInG tHiS gAmE tO tHe rAvEnS
HERE WE GOOOO!
"I really want to shut the Steelers fans up, please beat their fucking asses. We need this...."
"When will wr’s fucking learn, you go down or you give us the ball"
"Uh oh! You friccin moron! U just got...

PETERED!!!!"
Humphrey gotta be a DB or even LB coach for us after retirement. His strips and punching mentality have caught on to the rest of the team
We still love ya #24.
Peters said fuck that PI call!!
Bro Humphrey sharing his notes
Holy shit YESSSS!!!! Marlon's fruit punch magic rubbing off on the whole team. This is the kind of game we need to play!
Peters knew he had to make that up lol
"Peters, when I thought you couldn't get any dumber, you go and do something like this... and totally redeem yourself!"
Theres a reason why fruit punch is a juice... BECAUSE IT IS JUICE MAN
Peters getting that PI gave us like 30 yards of field position. 2000 IQ play there
"I love how you can tell who's streaming online and who's watching on TV or listening on the radio because the people streaming were still mad about the interference call while everyone else was typing ""LETS GOOO"" lol"
I’m late but your telling me Boykin did something productive 😍😍
24 !!!!
"Man this feels like a classic Ravens-Steelers Game so far. Maybe not as much personal heat between players so far but still, closest thing to the glory days in a long time."
Run down their throats.
Phillips down... had guys falling on him doesn’t look good
Oh man I saw that and heard him scream....
Anyone else having trouble finding a decent stream? In addition to the fact that they're all so delayed
So was r/NFL just r/steelers all along?
Lamar runs are quickly becoming wastes of time.
You step forward knowing there is a ton of pressure from behind and you PUMP FAKE????
Why did he not hit Hollywood there
Can we just try handing it off in the red zone next time?
Why is he second guessing himself so much
We get nothing from the turnover now. That’s the #1 rule...don’t turn the ball over
this feels like an old fashioned AFCN slugfest my dudes
Lot of hate for Lamar. Sometimes the defense makes a play.
We can’t have this many turnovers if we are going to win this.
Silver platter twice already and we're only 10 minutes in.
buckle up.  It looks like it’s going to be another classic Steelers/Ravens game.
"Lamar does that way too often, dude needs to just embrace what he’s good at and take off if nothing is there"
Why is he so hesitant to run this year...
If no one hit him I think he would have just pump faked into the end zone.
Joker calm down you almost hurt Queen
GET OFF THE FIELD
That play call is a real testament to how the d is playing now. They really just ran it for better field position for the punt and to avoid a turnover.
I dont think my heart will be strong enough for this game ! This is simply insane
Definitely gotta start doing the D some favors here and get some points
Ref just took 6-7 yards away on that spot...
Win or lose hopefully there’s no injuries. I remember old Ravens Steeler games and losing the next week to bad teams because everybody was fucked up lol
Lamar making audibles is fucking refreshing
We need 6 on this drive after that TO. Pittsburgh offense won’t be ass for long they’re going to wake up
Why did I get hype for Steelers week when I knew damn well it would be the most stressful part of the year?
Y'all notice Lamar using audibles a lot more this game?
LMAO we're so fucked now
Romo essentially pointing out how predictable our offense is
"Welp, O-line is gonna be tissue paper for the foreseeable future"
Fuck tj watt
Watt loves injuring guys
OH THAT REPLAY IS HARD TOO WATCH
And that is why be signed the extension before this game folks
Stanley's done for the year.
[deleted]
Fuck these bitches
"Of course it's TJ Watt. Not intentional, but it would be him"
Rally for Ronnie.
"Behind Lamar, losing stanley will have the biggest negative impact on the ravens. 

God damn this sucks. Next man up...althiugh u don't think his replacement will be even half a s good as him."
Stanley on the golf cart.   That's the worst.   That's a season changing injury maybe
Definitely think we’re gonna see some moves for a lineman this week but fuuuckk I hope Stanley recovers soon
"Lamar, please fucking stop."
"Alright, Lamar is going to need to make quicker decisions here."
Wishing the best for Stanley
Whoever said they really wanted to see DJ Fluker play really just cursed Stanley :(
Defense is gonna have to win this one 100%
No time to throw
Are there any o lineman to trade for?
"last 2 passes from lamar were very risky. 

If boyle doesn't bat down first one, it's a pick. Second one was ill advised. 

3rd & 18 w/ no stanley... should've just ran a hb draw like the steelers did"
Thank god the trade deadline isnt hear yet
Lamar is hesitating way to much to run this year. I actually wish he’d be a little quicker to take off in a lot of these situations
"Luckily OBJ is a pass blocker first and a run blocker second, making him a decent option at LT"
DEFENSE IS STRONG TODAY
At least the defense used the bye for good.
Ben looks like absolute shit
"Defense is doing what it can, playing sharp. Offense needs to grind out long drives for at minimum fgs."
Look at Ben's play as well here. Weather really having an effect I think.
Our defense continues to be amazing. If our offense can't consistently score it won't matter though
Let’s run for 300 yards
"Beautiful drive there. Pound the rock, opens up our offence"
"Dang, does this bus stop?"
"fuck the steelers, always hitting the helmet"
We just ran the ball super good without Stanley interesting
Wow running the ball leads to TD’s for an offense that’s built to run. Glad Greg finally showed up
and fuck minkah
Do it for Stanley!!
"See what happens when we run the ball Greg?

DO WHAT YOUR ROSTER DOES WELL. Stop trying to fit square pegs into round holes."
First drive all year where we actually committed to what made our offense deadly last year. Defense good... let them rest and win.
Bruh we having our best run game against “the best defense in the NFL” 😂😂
Best drive of the season? Just pure domination all around against a great defense.
Has anyone notice Orlando is kind of a better Left Tackle than Right Tackle
Their D is gonna be gassed by the 4th
"Lol, Roman. Ravens ran the ball the ENTIRE drive almost and SCORED doing it. Maybe you're having an intervention?"
Would really not like for Boyle and Bozeman to be coming at me
8 weeks and we finally start running and hit them with a pass. 8 weeks. Fluker getting a chance to become a full time starter
I want to see runs on 9/10 first downs until they prove they can stop it. Fuck it give me runs on 9/10 second downs too unless it's like 2nd & 11
We need to run all fucking day. I hope Gus truck sticks TJ watt
Anybody just see that meltdown on the Steelers d sideline with watt and a coach? Look at this clown..
Hahaha even TJs coach thinks he’s fucking up!!
"Didnt they say tickets were randomized? I'm not upset by it. It's what should happen but funny Real Fan Dan was selected ""randomly"""
#FIGHT
Judon is so dumb
Humph is a dawg and I love it. And McPhee just completely owned the edge right there
Wow. Outdoing yourself Judon! Fuck you
Fuck Judon
Judon has been such a disappointment this year.
Do NOT resign judon
Judon is an idiot like always.
That’s kinda BS but whatevey
Terrible disqualification
Judoff
Brain by taco bell
Never seen a ref flop before lol
"He did it accidentally, but it’s still his same old bullshit story."
"Imagine playing under the tag and having the chance to make more money than you know what to do with, and just shitting your fucking pants for the next year"
Fucking refball
Where the Steelers fans who says they gifting us flags? Y’all offense soft AF
"If I had to pick a starter to lose on defense, I don't know if I'd say Judon's name first but he'd be close to the top. Let's just move on."
Fuck. The. Steelers.
Baltimore guys are Amped!!
the steelers are actually garbage
NFL refs are such pussies
KILL BEN!!
We need 7 more on the board before half
Both QBs have fumbled now in the first half
I'm not able to watch much today. How is Yannick doing?
Lol 3 ravens dragging ben down like wolves taking down a wooly mammoth
"alright... 

don't turn it over and we'll be fine. 3 and out > turnover."
"This definitely feels like the typical Ravens-Steelers game of the old, and I'm so here for it"
We def need another TD before the half. But also we cannot force it and give the Steelers a bunch of time and the ball back
Game should be 21-0 right now. Our defence doing amazing.
"Not that relevant, but I love Lacie DeCosta, feels like the teams mam. Been supporting Elliott all week."
UH OH BENS ARM
Ben’s elbow is bruised. He won’t pass well this game
please all I ask is we score in this next drive and I can settle down. Come on Lamar.
I hate how cheap but legal Pittsburgh is playing. Just chasing Lamar all over without the ball
"Damn ben, not your woman grabbing arm"
Jeeeesus lamar
"lmao this game is nuts

each play is entirely too stressful"
"That wasn't a fumble, he was just showing off"
"its raining lamar, just like the 49ers game last year, either tuck it properly or dont run"
Thats how Ed Reed used to run with the ball LOL
The ball seems to be so slippery
"Bruh... can lamar secure the ball at all today?

Tuck the ball..."
bout to start a PTSD support group for that first half
"This is a long, heart attack inducing game"
lamar with the classic ed reed one hander
No control on the Interception. We got lucky.
Terrible throw. Terrible decision making. He is so out of wack it’s unbelievable
Not a pick but come on Lamar
Always hated Joe Haden even with the Browns
Like seeing Snead being more involved
I don't think I've ever seen a team commit so many illegal formations...
"Holy shit Greg would you look at that, its almost like running the ball works well for us"
[deleted]
Dobbins is looking pretty good this game. Hopefully he continues to get touches once Ingram returns.
This No. 1 defense crap needs to stop. Pittsburgh’s schedule has been an abomination so far.
Holy shit Cincinnati is up 10 on Tennessee at half..
These games would be unbearable without you guys to bitch and moan and stress with :)
Love how snead pulls through when we need him
WHOS THE BEST KICKER NOW ROMO?
See that romo?
Automa-TUCK
"Cmon say it Romo, say it."
Did Lamar just become the first QB to ever throw 2 balls on the same play?
Ich liebe Justin Tucker.
Goat Tucker
GOAT TUCKER
jfc that 51 yarder just looked like an extra point
I love Justin Tucker
"Seriously, that 1 miss in Nola made me more stressed during Tucker’s kicks. What happened?"
Missing our RB1 LT1 RG1 Judon and throwing a pick 6. Who would think we would be up 10?
Fuck the Steelers
"It's an ugly game, but a lead is a lead"
Any further updates on Stanley? He’s key to our long term goal
"Not entirely Ravens related but my stupid ass spoke this into existence last week 


https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasyfootball/comments/jhmgt1/in_joe_mixons_absence_giovani_bernard_averages/ga0knnw"
Idk what they talking bout over in Pittsburgh this the best defense in the nfl son.
Real talk this game should be 24-0 but they keep trying to force throws at bad times when the run game is all we need.
Shocker - Big Ben being a drama Queen.
Jimmy is the master at getting no calls lol
Jimmy is the king of hand fighting without a flag
Jimmy does that shit every time and never gets called 😂
Haven't seen Marlo much all game... must really be locking things down
Kidney show wont last 6 episodes
Why just why
Lamar WHAT THE FUCK!!
Oh for fucks sake why throw???
"Sigh, wtf was that Jackson? But why are we calling passes anyway?"
Jesus christ
Dude. What. The. Fuck.
#WTF JUST RUN IT DAMNIT
"Lamar has 2 INTs, almost 3, and 2 fumbles."
# WHY ARE WE THROWING LIKE THIS?!
NO FUCK WHY
Does Lamar just not look for the defensive players?
Unbelievable. Just cannot stand prosperity.
What the fuck was that
Unreal. FFS Roman. Run the FOOTBALL! Wtf! Passing too much in this wet weather is gonna get us in trouble...
Stop laughing about it Lamar. You made a shit play
Pitching a shutout without the INTs right now...
Lamar Jackson single handedly keeping Pitt in this
Lamar has been the Steelers best player.
That’s on Lamar. GRo called the play but Lamar made the decision. Under threw the ball and everything.
Worst possible ways to start the halves. Lamar dude come the fuck on.
Just get back to pounding the rock and we good
Lamar owes us a touchdown or two.
Roman isn't helping but getting away from what is working. However Lamar is beyond reckless.
"This is like the bengals game except the steelers are catching lamar's picks. 

Lamar hasn't seen the field well all year. IDK what is going on w/ him."
It’s Boykin fault /s
"Maybe

Don't stop running the ball or forcing it?"
Can someone explain why they are rekicking? Wasn't the first one good? What the hell is the point?
Just pound the ball ffs.  Stop passing it
"Lamar just live another down. Not every play needs to be a highlight. Your up 10, it’s 1st down, why force it?"
Run the ball! It worked so well last half
Run the ball until they stop it. This is a comfortable win if we just don’t turn it over
"Can't believe Lamar has put up 31 points, what a guy"
Lamar gets to practice against our D. He should be ready for the Steelers. I don’t care how good there D is.
The worst part about the picks was the decision making. Wouldn’t be mad if a defender made a great play.
If we dont run this like 1987 nebraska style imma be pissed
God we need WRs so fucking bad lmao
Missed OPI then awful DPI call.
That INT just gutted this game. This game has done a complete 180
When ravens WR did that earlier this year it was OPI.
These refs are a complete joke.
"Man, I’m gonna be pissed if we give them this game in the second half."
Lmao fuck the Steelers. Fat fuck just tosses it up once every set of downs and they get the call
Bullshit call
"He got his head around, he was fighting for the ball, how is that dpi?"
Who the fuck is Bonds??
It's on the ref's flow chart that if the Steelers receiver didn't make that catch to throw a flag
Here we go. Here comes the soft defense
We are going to lose this game at this rate
God this game is frustrating AF. Please don't blow this shit
"getting really fucking dissapointed in our team, offense is in shambles for no reason, defense is playing off despite the fact their longest catch/throw has come off a no call"
"We ARE generating more pressure, more easily -- for what it's worth."
I’m in a dejected rage currently. I cannot believe this game right now. Anything approaching acceptable QB ply and it’s like 31-3 right now
Ferguson and Bowser doing well after Judon gets ejected 🤔
We had the momentum coming out of the half. That shit evaporated quick.
With Judon being kicked out of the game I hope Ferguson uses this opportunity to convince the staff to give him more playtime.
I can't believe this shit. This shouldn't even be a close game
Pitt is averaging 30 per game. They have given up 14 so far. Defense is doing a fine job.
After that first half to be down right now is inexcusable.
We lose this game we’re going to get eaten alive all week we can’t lose this one
"Please don't abandon the run, Roman."
"If our offense doesn’t answer this next drive, it’ll be tough to come back. Defense is getting tired."
"Ben played awful today too, but he wasn't throwing picks/fumbling constantly. It can't be overstated how badly Lamar has fucked the game up to this point."
"Here comes the consecutive passing downs 3 in a row leading to another forced turnover because Roman sees defecit of 1+ points in 2nd half and abandons the run game.

It's the same every season. We were a second half team now we're really faltering every 2nd half this season"
"Defense has played fine.

Lamar keeps giving the steelers momentum w/ terrible decisions & bad field vision. He was spectacular at both things last yr. 

If neither improve, he will throw an interceptable pass on this drive as well."
Yea this is lamar worse game ever
Gregory Roman. RUN THE MOTHERFUCKIN’ BALL
Like are the receivers not getting open or is Lamar not seeing them?
Jesus. The fumbling today.
That was lucky
You just knew he would fumble that
HE NEVER HAD POSSESION STFU ROMO
why do ravens games give me heart attacks every sunday
Lol that was an I give up play.
Lamar is lucky he doesn't have 4 interceptions omg
3rd and 8 and we run it up the middle.
"im about this turn this game off, just disappointing"
Alright idk boys. An actual NFL offense has to be capable of passing the ball greater than 10 yards multiple times a drive. If we can’t do that then fuck
Any chance we can feed up Yanda and bring him back?
What is Greg Roman smoking
"So they start the conservative playcalling after all the turnovers put us behind? Smart stuff, where was that 2 quarters ago?"
This pass offense is dogshit
"Ya'll can blame whoever you want. This is a total meltdown on offense. No pass protection, running game is gone, WRs can't get open, Lamar holding the ball too long... you just gotta hope the defense makes some plays or this is gonna get even more ugly."
The problem with Lamar right now is he wants to make every play at the extremes.  Not every play has to be a highlight.  You don't have to wait until the very last second to make the throw.
I feel so comfortable with Proche and Duv on special teams.
Orlando brown seems so lazy sometimes. If he gets that kick out block that’s a big play
We need adjustments on offense
Lamar needs to keep his eyes up. Every time the pressure comes to him he looks down
Our defense has to score if we're gunna win lol this offense is abismal
WE NEED THIS WIN. SERIOUSLY NEED THIS WIN
I think Yanda at 150lbs or whatever he is would still be an upgrade
"Why is everyone running these long developing routes? Like get the quick passes off, I didnt see a single receiver stop before the sticks."
IF WE HAVE NO O-LINE RUN SCREENS STOP TRYING DEEP ROUTES JFC
"Want to see Lamar be more aggressive and just run the ball. He should never be getting sacked by a defensive tackle. 

The coverage may just dictate he has to win this game with his legs, he’s done it before, mainly against Seattle last year"
ik Lamar isn’t playing good but the play calling is dogshit too
"This sub needs a fucking wake up call regardless of the outcome in the post game thread. This offense has an inept pass calling play caller at the head. We have absolute scrubs at the WR position. Lamar is a great, even fantastic QB, but he has weaknesses especially in his deep passing we know this. It’s the perfect storm for such an anemic offense that the hits to the offense line just spotlight them even more. The passing game was doomed to start the season but that doesn’t mean Lamar isn’t talented and we don’t have talent in the receiving corps. Reality is the FO made a bet that our passing offense would take the next step and they haven’t."
THERE'S A DEEP SHOT!
#BULLSHIT CALL BULLSHIT
That's so weak!!! Refs screwing us over again today
BAD call
That was a HORRIBLE call
How dare he touch the Steelers! Refs better put a stop to that nonsense.
Snead lowkey putting the team on his back today
What an attempt by Hollywood goddamn
That knee is in
Snead is having himself a game today!
"fuck. 

Lamar overthrew hollywood by just a bit.

Bad challenge. it won't be reversed"
pretty dumb that any play that’s called a TD on the field is automatically reviewed but you have to use a challenge on a play like that
Knee came down inbounds but these refs don't like us so they won't give it to us
"Everyone is saying the knee but that’s out, the shin hits in first anyways and that counts as down"
"That’s not getting overturned, but if called a TD on the field then its not getting overturned either"
FUCK THE FUCKING STEELERS
John better be fucking vocal about this officiating. Not the same coach talk he says every week
that holding call on skura was so BS
#HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Was he knee in that time?
I've said this a million times but I've never seen a worse called game. They made us score 3 TDs before we got one they couldn't make some excuse for
Suck his dick bitch give him his praise now u cowards
Did Lamar redeem himself on that drive?
That was a tough but amazingly clutch drive.
Let’s get a punch out from #44 and put this game away
Refs tried so hard to deny us a TD this drive 2v1
"I NEED ROMO TO SAY ""TUCKER THE FUCKING GOAT, MR. AUTOMATIC"""
I’m starting to think Dez doesn’t have to be that good to make a different on this Offense.
Bonds fucked up just now man
This is Bonds last game FOH
Fuck verizon fios. Mandatory software update on the TV box in the middle of the game.
TAKE BONDS OUTT
38 fucked up two plays in a row. Who is this clown?
Wish this bonds took PEDs
These refs are fucking giving it to them at this point
"Just like the Eagles game, we are giving the Steelers so much with penalties"
Refs player of the game
What’s the point of having a defender on these receivers. What can they do that won’t get a flag thrown??
I’m over these bullshit DPI calls
We just have to realize that the refs will always favor the Steelers
Most BS ref’d game I’ve seen this season
The ref ball continues
What is worse this drive? The penalties or the tackling?
What. The. Fuck.
Head Hunt the Refs. Every shitty call gets a blow up.
Greg you better not get cutesy on this next drive Jesus fucking Christ
Man that was some horseshit bs on Marlon a minute ago.
Well Lamar is due a game winning comeback in his career. Will it be today? We shall see...
Time for Lamar to show everyone he can lead a game winning drive and shut everyone up. We're gonna be hearing it for weeks if not.
Keen for a Lamar TD winning drive here.
Call of duty: black ops: cold war: elite division: special tactical unit: American freedom fighters: super cash grab XVIIII
100 yards in penalties and 3 turnovers. Hard to win any game that way. It's crazy we're still in it
I’m just waiting for the flags at this point
Edwards making Roman look like a buffoon for barely using him against the Titans last year.
"The silver lining here, is the run game has hit it's stride."
We run the ball and are getting down the field? Hm....
"Man the combo of Gus and JK is so nasty, and it's just getting started."
"For the love of god, don’t get cute now."
Gus/dobbins should be our 1/2 dont @ me
Don't score too fast!
i love u gus and dobbins
I love running the ball
FEED JK AND BUS
Mark ingram isn’t playing and we are playing a top 3 defense in the NFL and we are having probably our best running game of this season. Very impressive.
Boy not injured 😑. Just trying to give his guys a break
"Dobbins is the real deal, he’s going to have to become the number 1 guy sooner rather than later.

Great feet and perfectly fits the system being so accustomed to running out of the shotgun."
guarantee he is faking that
"Gotta go for it, no question"
GO FOR IT
No we wouldn't kick it we would go for it
Everyone raise your hands up!  Give Lamar your energy!!!
We have to go for it here.
I have a horrible feeling about this.
This is where the big boys make plays
My heart
They're going to send everything at Lamar and pray he sidearms it to the ground.
Fuck me man this shit is making my heart pump like I’m running or something
"Well there it is, Lamar single handedly lost this game."
WHAT A HORRIBLE PLAY CALL HOW DO YOU NOT HAVE ANYONE IN THE BACKFIELD JESUS FUCKING CHRIST THAT IS TRASH
What a dumb fucking play. Greg puts together that beautiful drive and in true Greg fashion completely shits the fucking bed on the final calls.
my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
SUICIDE WATCH
Lamar lost the game
Easily had this game w/o stupid fucking turnovers
"Bad offensive performance, bad coaching, bad luck with refs"
No false start on 89?!?!?
Legit angry at this. Seriously
Literally the same shit 4th down call we failed twice vs the Titans...
3rd and 5 should be 2 runs to RUNNINGSBACKS
This game feels like the Kyle Boller days 😂
Queen is gonna be a monster. We always nail our 1st rounders...except Perriman
Prediction. Lamar will throw a 45 yard td to Hollywood that will get called back because of a penalty.
Lol cool Lamar who's played like UTTER ass today and Greg Roman with no timeouts have to drive for a touchdown to win it. 😂
TD to HOLLYWOOD incoming
I don't believe but shit I might start praying
Time back on the clock!
They should put time back on
Injury timeout should return some time back.
Hope Heyward is good he’s a great player. Would hope this isn’t too serious.
ADD TIME TO THE CLOCK CMON REFS
STOP BOOING
Bro that’s horseshit we should have more time
Flag?
Why no time added?
That’s fucking PI
"Roman and Lamar ended up costing the ravens the win tbh.

Lamar through the first 3 Q's and roman in the 4th."
WR was WIDE open on the outside
Did everything possible to hand the game away
From MVP to liability overnight
Lamar needs to wake the fuck up
Lamar is making rookie season mistakes that we did not see last year. I truly don't understand the regression.
"Lamar is not playing well. Some questionable throws, very indecisive."
"Ravens are going to have to slowly run out the clock second half.

Use the time of possession, calm down, stop fighting, stop being stupid, and patients kill time"
Big Ben? More like fat Ben
Lamar Jackson 14:17 Baltimore Ravena
"We should have a sizable lead, with Gus and Dobbins running it down their fucking throats. Lamar is fucking us, no way around it."
Lamar has looked hot and cold all season. The bad thing is...he is more cold than hot
Lamar could easily lead the league in picks this year if nor for all tge dropped ones. Thats scary
Truth is defense has been great. Our offense is not playing like a playoff level team.
This sub is going to try hard to blame the defense for the loss despite Lamar looking like a rookie
Dude said Biden is a Marxist lmaooo
WHY DIDN'T WE GET MORE TIME
How is that not PI on #31?
Trying to calm down after this one. We ran the ball down their goddamn throats and held their offense in check. Lamar had a couple of bad picks that gifted them 14. We're still 5 and 2 and Dobbins looks like a great pick now. Fuck the Steelers and fuck the refs. We are coming for them on turkey day.
[deleted]
"In any event, y'all need to stop talking trash about Lamar. I know he's playing poorly this game, but he's certainly not trash."
Lamar’s regressed. Plain and simple.
Lamar really just laughed that off... not sure if that’s what I wanna see after such a bone head choice
"Not a fan of Lamar’s attitude after that 2nd pick. Totally changed the momentum of the game while Lamar laughed it off.

It’s like this season he doesn’t have the SB or bust mentality like he had last year."
"Lamar is playing terribly. To Romo's point, that drive could've been game.

All three of his turnovers have been abysmal and a breakdown on fundamentals. Throwing late, holding onto the ball way too long, lofting one straight to a defender.

He has regressed so fucking hard from last year."
Refs were trash but Lamar put them in this game. Loss is completely on him.
Just throw the damn ball away stop forcing shit
Fuck TJ WATT
fuck tj watt
Matthew Judon has got to fucking go
I honestly like Judon more now. Fuck the Steelers
Judon gets way too much hate in this sub. He wasn’t swinging at the ref
Our production without Stanley playing has been very comforting
Lamar is losing this game singlehanded
"Lmao at you guys blaming Roman. Roman doesn't tell Lamar to throw the ball straight at the defense.  If it's a bad playcall, he shouldn't be throwing it."
"The win/loss doesn't matter today. If lamar's decision making and field vision (both of which were fantastic last yr) don't improve, the ravens won't do anything of note in january.

He played this exact same way against cincy. It didn't burn the ravens in that game but is burning them now."
"FUCK. YOU. REFS.

SERIOUSLY. FUCK YOU"
Lamar is directly responsible for 14 of their points and losing at least 3 with the TO in the redzone. Not good enough.
Make Winks the OC too
"This feels just like the Chiefs game.

Lamar is playing weird.
Play calling is sketchy.
Defense is holding up as best as it can, but it's beginning to break.
And don't forget how we love getting flags thrown on every drive."
[deleted]
Can’t beat a team and the refs. It is what it is
"Lamar lost this fucking game, him and romans shit playcalling"
"Expecting the refs to make the correct call that would benefit the Ravens is insane, everything they've done today has helped the Steelers."
"Steelers didn’t even play that well tbh, gave them 14 points off Lamar, and 200 penalty yards smh"
Hit on a defenseless reciever
This game is on Lamar
REFS SUCKED HARD
My
"Is it just me or is the network only talking Squealers?

Go ahead, ignore the Ravens.  We gonna win."
WE GET ROMO??????!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuck the Steelers front 7.  Ours is better.
Fuck Steelers say it for good luck
Looks about the attendance of an orioles game pre pandemic
"&#x200B;

Guess we're going to blame the Lamar JAckson Pick 6 on the Rain and ball being wet          🙄"
"Oh, it’ll be one of these days huh"
Shake it off
Well there goes our running game
FUCKING HELL LAMAR
Lamar what a shit play
"Lamar maybe relax, learn to fucking relax."
The good news is - this gives two things. The chance to come back from behind and fix that narrative and help build the narrative the Steelers can't hold a lead. Let's fucking goooo
Now we're fucked. The runs about to be abandoned.
we’re gonna have to hear about that play all fuckin day aren’t we?
"We’re behind, say goodbye to the run game."
"&#x200B;

You can't do that. Late hit on Jackson from Fitzpatrick"
Bailout. I'll take it.
"&#x200B;

Refs are going to call that allday.   Thanks Minkah"
Not this illegal formation bullshit again
#SNEAD STEPPING UP
O line is crushing Lamar. Literally.
Wow Boykin looked surprised he even caught one.
Boykins CAUGHT IT!??
BOYKIN?????? WHOA
What a throw
They must have just locked Boykin in the bank over the bye
Let’s go boys
Such a perfectly timed pass
Woot woot!
What a throw wow
Finally a nice throw!
Looks like Boykin took all the negative talk about him personal this week.
tHe RaVeNs ShOuLd CuT bOyKiN
What a fucking bounce back. Play from behind after an opening drive pick 6. Amazing. Lamar baby.
Lets fucking go Defense. I have so much fucking faith
Boykin see Dez watching. He gotta show out today
"Boykin redemption tour, leggo"
Boykin did what over the bye weak lol? Good shit
"It's actually Dez wearing Boykins jersey, they're trying to throw off the scouting report"
"Beautiful drive  

We going to get a Marlon turnover. I can feel it"
Boykin got scared into playing good.
Great drive. Roman is still getting too cute on some of the runs. Glad we put a string of plays together. Lamar going through progressions again.
Dez lighting a fire under boykins ass!
Our D-line is fucking huge and tips a lot of balls. Big Ben throws more balls near the LOS than any other QB. Anybody else smell a tipped INT or 2?
"God fucking damn, /r/NFL is fucking disgusting. Saying Refs gave us that down."
I think they found the whitest guy in America for that Trump ad
fuck ben let’s fucking go defense
Yannick fast as fuck
So it's gonna be a ref bailout type of game
Yes we stole it back
JUICEMAN
Fruit PUNCH
They love their crabcakes and they love their strip fumbles
ALL PRO FOR A REASON
Man my stream is WAY behind y'all's lol. See y'all at half time!!
Woooow Peters ain't playing today boyyyyyyyyy thats a bad man
Did the refs force that fumble r/NFL ?
Just when I think you couldn’t possibly be any dumber you go and do something like this. And TOTALLY REDEEM YOURSELF
Juice Punch!
"That is Peters 101. Gives a lot, takes a lot."
Peters and Humphrey the best duo in the league
Let’s capitalize plz
I heard him scream :/
It's pretty encouraging how well the interior run is doing
Imagine thinking the NFL would want to cheat for the Ravens over the Steelers. They make way more money for the NFL than we do lol
What a fucking waste
it’s gonna be this type of game huh lol
Gunna be one of those games.. that’s for sure
throw the ball away... good lord.
Fucking run it man jfc
Run the ball with the running backs that got you there. Lamar keeper and a shitty pass play. Come on
"You simply can’t pump fake 4 times in the NFL, he needs to play smarter"
Cmon now that was a fantastic drive!!!! Pocket awareness please
Man 2 TOs already now we gotta come back on defense and make a play
Should have just ran it holy crap
"We can still win this game, but damn.  For every Lamar highlight this season, he puts out at least 2 lowlights."
Wish we’d just run downhill at them when we got inside the 10
People saying why not run..... There were 2 steelers right in front of him
Look at the positive...we’re moving the ball well against their defense but they’re getting to him
Well that one year of great offense sure was fun
"why the fuck is lamar so nervous, calm tnhe fuck down"
FUCKING DELAY OF GAME
"Lamar just trying to do too much right now, needs to be more careful for the rest of this game"
Jimmy ole reliable
That’s a great stand after the turnover
Nice tackling by Beans
"Defense still playing so good, I don't want to go back to when our defense carried us"
Awful punt lmao
"Great stop

Our defense is playing hyped up, I fucking love it"
"Steelers playing scared on 3rd down, ya love to see it"
"They’re not getting YAC on us, we don’t let that shit happen 💯"
Can already see Yannick’s impact. He’s definitely drawing attention and creating havoc
"Steelers playing on offense like they're scared of us.

If Lamar & co. can get their head out of their ass, we'll be good to go."
Didn't that ball bounce out close to the 50??
"man... 2 turnovers from lamar in 3 drives. 1 TD as well but...

just don't turn it over on this possession. Field position is good. I'd take a freaking 3 and out over a turnover."
Who said Gus Bus can't go east west!!
#NO PLEASE NOT STANLEY
Please just a sprain please just a sprain
"Fuck, that is the worst possible injury... fuck"
God help us please Jesus with Ronnie
He's in too much pain.  This is bad.... FUCK
This is bad. This is really really bad.
"NOOOOOOOOO. I blame Roman, garbage fucking play call"
That looks like his season.  That sucks.
That is one of the worst players we could have go down
#WTF DUDE FUCK HIS ANKLE IS BROKEN
Oh wow like I needed another reason to fucking hate TJ Watt
So TJ Watt just broke Stanley’s ankle... that fucking destroys us. Unbelievable.
Wait in the middle of all this.... Lamar actually did get that pass off. Should have been an incomplete
He’s out for the season.
EDC has a lot of work to do this week.
Fuck sakes why does something bad have to happen every 2 min
*Michael Scott face* “This is the worst”
This is going to show the crowd that said let Stanley walk how wrong they are
"Right after he signs his contract, why does that keep happening"
Shit on TJ for his intentional play not his accidents
bro my fucking soul... watching him in the cart
Couldn't we have done a go fund me and pay lamar whatever he would have made for him to not do the madden cover?
gotta trade for a lineman now fuck man this sucks
"Lamar is trying too hard to get the ball out a little bit too often today. I'd rather have the sack than a throw like that, even if it was completed"
It’s gonna be a fucked up game now unless the defense can carry us
"Losing Stanley much worse than losing this game, and this is probably the most important game of the season."
"Really hope Stanley isn’t out for the year. Besides Lamar, he’s the most important piece on the offense. Ugh. Very very bad news."
AT LEAST WE'RE GETTING MORE PRESSURE TODAY
Can we play a bit more aggressively now? Let's blitz and get some pressure on Ben
I like our D.
Shoutout to Wink playing tight press almost every play
Great job defense
The amount of people in this thread saying the season is over is too damn high.
DeShaun has all these NextGen stats and he's 1-6.
"The Ravens right guard was engaged in a block then had his right leg rolled up on. The two worries are for an MCL Sprain versus a high ankle sprain. At this point, we find it very unlikely for him to return today. 

Ronnie Stanley just signed a 5-year, $98.75 million extension and appeared to get seriously injured today. We believe he suffered a left ankle fracture dislocation after being engaged in a block and getting rolled up on from behind. He should be able to return by Week 1 next season, but his 2020 season is undeniably over. By video, the whole ankle and foot were trapped and turned outwards similar to Dak Prescott's injury, minus the open component of the injury. The Ravens lost LT Stanley and RG Tyre Phillips both in the first quarter today.

-from ProFootballDoc website"
#RUN ALL DAY
"This bus has no brakes

Beep beep motherfucker"
almost like running the ball works. incoming 20 pass plays
Yes please! Run the dang ball! Make them stop us!
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU RUN THE BALL!!
Gus hates the fucking Steelers.
Now we pound. Frustrating it took 8 weeks to realise this.
Crazy how electric our offense looks when you actually stick to our guns
That run looked meh but it still got 4
So wait...running makes it easier to pass? Whoda thunk it?
That was an incredible hit to stop LJ from scoring.
That was the toughest shot Lamar has ever taken
I hope we get to keep Gus
Llama it hurts me when you take these shots
Lamar is taking some shots today
No stupid bullshit from Roman. Do what you do best until they take it away. Make them take it away.
"What a statement drive. Proud of our guys to go out there with two backups in, smash them in the mouth and pound the ball down the field."
No call on the Helmet to Helmet.
"Feels like if we fully committed to the run this game we would be up 21, hope Roman realizes that too."
I think after the offense looked off cause they tried to make it a little more traditional. After Ronnie went down the coaching staff said fuck it were just gonna play like last year
I hate to say it but I think Ingram might be rb3
Greg roman figured out playing a team to its strengths lol
"Gus wanted it way more than #41

What a fucking beast"
All I can say is fuck the Steelers. Dirty fucking team.
"And that's what a Ravens offense is supposed to fucking look.

Now comes the impossible task of Greg Roman not trying to get away from a winning running game."
Fuck yeah. Open up the pass with them long schlong runs
Brown bullied Hayward right there. You love to see it.
With a steady run game like that we can do enough to beat the steelers with our defense. Really hoping we can snag this win for Stanley.
It took him three games and our left tackle going down but Greg finally figured out how to call plays for a drive
That drive is the  #1 reason I never get why we abandon the run. We average net per rush as many as some teams do passing. We are run of the few teams that can bust one or consistently run for 5 yards.
ben is fucking washed
"No hate, but Joe Haden looks like a Keebler's elf"
TJ “Spear the Knee” Watt
FUCK. THE. STEELERS
Amazing job by mcphee there setting the edge!
Nice hustle by Ngakoue to make that previous stop.
Penalties on both sides is the only reasonable option here
Judon’s contract is in JEOPARDY
Chuck Clark out there breaking things up. Really love his presence on this team
Classic Matt Judon
Fucking soft ass refs
"As I've said before, Judon is a loose cannon."
Bullshit call
 I cant wait to get rid of Judon.
He's Judone.
Don’t really agree with that call but Judon has to be more disciplined
Did the ref just flop
Another week of refball I guess.
That’s kinda bs but maybe we’ll trade him for a guard and pick.
Judon was jerking his arm free and accidentally hit the ref. However I understand why they took him out. Just like that 3 starters gone
That ejection of judos was weak. He didn’t come touch an official on purpose
Y’all that was bullshit. I’m not mad at Judon
Chris Board with a FF
ben sacked-burger
Good ole Ravens/Steelers game. Mostly defense. Multiple turnovers 😂
This game has been so entertaining! I can’t believe there’s still 5 minutes left in the quarter.
Get off the fucking field.
D is playing lights out! Let’s get a long rushing drive with points here plz
"Ringo ringo ringo ..... guys they are fucking blitzing to the right 



Ravens : yes"
"The only thing you did by ejecting Judon is making it more cut throat, dumbest F’ing call; Judons play aside, that was so f’ing egregious"
"LOL, I thought Biden said ""I'm Joe Flacco and I approve....."""
"Pro Football Doc just said they believe Ronnie suffered a left ankle fracture dislocation and is done for the year

Not official, but bad news"
"This game reminds me of the late 2000’s early 2010’s ravens-Steelers games. Smash mouth football. Every yard is hard fought and the intensity is turned WAY up. I love it. 
PS- FUCK THE STEELERS"
"Gotta keep that elbow good for thanksgiving, Ben can’t go another year without being able to use it for dinner."
The worst part about being an AFC fan is having to watch the awful CBS commercials for shows that won't last longer than 1 season
Holy shit that scared me
"This is THE number one rush defense?! Holy hell, they could give up over 200 yards before it's all said and done today."
r/NFL would have had a field day if he lost that lmao
Holy Ghost knocked that ball out.
Why does Lamar hold the ball like that instead of clutching it at his chest like other runners
Did I just hear romo say gus is banged up?
I hope Gus is ok
Fortunately that's a drop
Wait did he drop it? LETS FUCKING GOOOO
That’s not a pick
"Roman run the fucking ball, they aren't stopping it."
Come on Lamar. This is bad. You are regressing in the passing game man.
That clearly hit the ground but they fucked us the same way last year so idk
Man not gonna lie though that was a beautiful play by Haden
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

What is going on with Lamar Jackson? 

&#x200B;

That was another  close call"
Just run the clock..
2019 Lamar and 2020 Lamar are like two completely different players
"that wasn't really on lamar or boykin, pass got tipped at the line"
Ravens are the only team in the league that doesn't run slant routes I swear
"LOL, well at least Lamar's run game is on today."
Orlando Brown the wrecking ball holy shit
Pre-snap penalties have been below average this year
Jk dobbins makes me happy
Gus and Dobbins are such an amazong combo
Dobbins gets hit and just falls forward for six more yards
Get out of pittsburghs ass nantz
Dobbins out there doing a great job
Damn that was a quick snap. Professional as hell
Refs almost cost us three there
Stop the clock I hate when they blow the play dead early
Good from fucking 70 man
Legatron
The Ravens held the ball for 20 minutes that half. I like that!
We’ve dominated this game. Without the turnovers we’d be up by more
"Fuck the Steelers, bro"
I keep that Tuck 9 wit me
SAY IT ROMO
Tucker is a golden god. A finisher kicker.
0 points given up in the 1st half.
IN TUCKER WE TRUST
# FUCK THE STEELERS AND THE REFS
lol u guys see how they tried to cheat us?
Hollywood with 0 receptions is a bit concerning
7-17 LETS GO BOYS WE GOT THIS
Ben's getting picked off if he trys to open this thing up Bill!
"Tyre Phillips has been ruled out with an ankle injury.

2 ankle injuries to our OL so far."
Wow Ben is fine what a shocker
"Ok, let's not let JuJu get that wide open again"
"I feel so bad for NFL players. Imagine having to answer the same stupid questions from reporters for an entire career. “It starts with possessing the ball” yeah, you need to have the ball to score. Thanks."
Great no call
Jimmy Smith has really played well so far this season
Stiller calling for the flag before the ball is even in the area... Also uncatchable?!?
Jimmy wanted some butt
Jimmy Smith playing lights out
What is romo talking about that was like nothing
not gonna get a flag trying to sell it that hard
Need a 9-minute TD drive here and then let the defense close it out.
Steelers just praying for flags because they got shit for offense.
Romo doesnt know the definition of “grab”
He had a little hold at the beginning but the rest was just blanket coverage
Ben is literally just going for PI calls. Corners have to play smarter. Those throws aren’t even remotely in play.
Deep Hollywood bomb coming soon...
Doesn’t matter that we’re not getting turnovers/sacks caz they can’t move the ball
JFC Lamar.
Son. Of. A. Bitch.
RUN THE BALL!!! WHAT ARE WE DOING
Y
Anyone remember getting downvoted for saying Lamar looks absolutely off this year?
Terrible decision. Absolutely brutal.
What the fuck was that?
What the fuck are you doing Lamar?!?!
Lamar throws 2 INT’s and sitting on the bench laughing his ass off
God I don't know what's happened to Lamar. He just isn't even making good throws.
"I was pretty sure lamar would get on track, but im officially in the cautiously worried camp now"
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
"That wasnt even Roman's fault, why did he even throw that?"
These plays are such common sense things and why we let them hang in
Laughable
"I know the numbers are bad, but Lamar seems to be regressing in awareness"
"Lamar is too lackadaisical sometimes. I get that he gets away with shit like crazy but still it’s like, dude just play smart."
I'm starting to get pissed.......
I swear to god if we keep passing
Up 2 scores. Need to eat the clock. Ran like 170ish yards in the first half. Stops running the ball....
Fucking embarrassing. Lamar has been Pittsburgh’s best player today
Fucking stupid. All the momentum back to shitsburgh
"Lamar dude, what the fuck."
Wtf Lamar?
Might as well call that a pick 6
Lamar singlehandedly keeping the Steelers in this game
"&#x200B;

Lamar  Jackson  get your sh\*t together   😡😡"
"Lamar has been shit today, call it like it is"
Why is he laughing on the sideline?
"I’m sorry. Lamar can’t throw. It’s not a bad thing, but just RUN THE FOOTBALL GOD DAMMIT"
Just run the fucking ball jfc. We literally have scored for them.
Lamar is keeping the Steelers in this
"Lamar with a bad pass.

Defense somehow tops that with no one even close to the receiver."
Lol all we had to do was take care of the football
If we blow this game it’ll change our entire season
Why tf is this taking so long
Jesus fuck either kick it or dont
Can we stop giving them points ffs!!
run the ball run the ball run the ball run the ball
"I’ve haven’t been able to really watch the game today, but from what I can tell Lamar seems to be playing poorly. The question is whether this is because he has regressed or the Steelers D is really good. However based on recent trends im inclined to believe the regression narrative."
"Goddamn, can we stop falling on our lineman. This game is terrifying."
3rd and 5.... RUN IT AGAIN
F this game man fr.
Reminder that this gross incompetence is coming off a bye. At home.
LJ was a better passer last year
Lamar has been the Steelers best offensive player.
WHY THE FUCK IS THAT NOT A CALL
They are both hand fighting that’s fucking horse shit
Weak call
This game is starting to frustrate me.
nah these refs are the dumbest fucks ever
Phishing for flags
"Push offs don't exist anymore and apparently anything a defender does to an uncatchable pass is DPI.

Refball 2020."
WTF McCloud literally threw Bonds to the ground...
"It would be so fucking nice to collapse a pocket one time.


Edit: ayyy"
Ferguson did a great job of getting that sack
Sometimes we take the worst fucking pursuit angles
"Holding like mofo, no call"
God I hate prevent defense
Lamar has got to wake up
"Ferguson has stepped up, take notes 📝 Judon!"
Ferguson has been a low key beast this year
This is just fucking pointless
[deleted]
Why do we always have these periods of time in games where everything is totally inept?
"Truly shameful how we’ve blown this game, up 7-17, it’s sad man"
And the Ravens now trail Pittsburgh in Baltimore    😞😞
Fuck this game i need to get drunk
If I see one more baker commercial.....
Give Dobbins the fucking ball
Why don't we just cut our receivers and line up 4 additional linemen?
"The steelers have made less mistakes thats why they are winning,ah,and lamar jackson trash performance also"
"I don’t know how the defense can be blamed here. That’s the worst drive they’ve had all game, but poor decisions on offense is what gets you here."
Lamar can't throw the ball. Pitt can't stop the run. Roman: 5 STEP DROP
jesus christ
Gotta get Hollywood and Duvernay involved
3 fumbles and 2 picks after a bye week...not good.
Roman has to do better
3rd and 8 and *that’s* what we do?
A QB run on 3rd and 8? Okay Roman you do you
Did Hill not want to take a hit there? This is sad
This is on Lamar and his turnovers
Our O line is going to be a big problem now
FUCKING PATHETIC
3RD ABD 8 TRAILING RUN
Whole home fuckifier
The playcalling is absurd right now
"Everybody gonna blame the refs or injuries, we need to man the fuck up here."
I remember before the season started how we heard Ingram say Lamar was a million times ahead of last year. Heard Lamar and Hollywood really worked on their connection. Etc. Hollywood is a nonfactor this season. Lamar has not been good since week 1. This is so damn frustrating to watch.
Ben getting wayyy too much time
"Romo needs to chill.

""Awwhuhhhagghhgahhh!"""
Seeing a Terp player in a Steelers jersey is kinda disgusting
Worst we looked off a bye in a long time.
I’d like the MVP to show up now please.
"Nice adjustment by Wink. Your turn, Greg."
Our defense has literally had like 1 bad drive. Our offense is the whole reason we're down.
if we could not keep leaving watt as the read man that would be ideal
You right. Lamar trying to do to much but he shouldn't be in the position.
Steelers have made some nice adjustments against our running game this half. Since we can't throw either it's hard to imagine how we come back here
Lamar hasn’t been good today but Roman’s play calling hasn’t been putting him in a good position
Perfect time to play like shit
We have no pass game at all.
We could use a possession receiver Boykin is ok but he reminds me of a relief receiver more than a consistent starter Allan Robinson should've been an option.
We’re not winning this game with this offense
"I love Roman going 5 wide with nobody helping chip, let’s allow a really good pash rush to not have to hesitate with RPO or play action"
"Why IS THAT our 2nd and 8 play call to drives in a row, with 2 starting passing offensive linemen out of the game."
Great catch Duvernay! Woo!
Holy shit wtf was that was that a competent executed pass play
"Ok, that was a sexy throw.  Also, for the people saying we need more plays to Duvernay, drink up boys."
This is an option as well?
Give Duvernay more reps. He's at least shown signs of life.
where was the hold...
Fuck the refs so much
WTF REFS 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
HE DIDNT TOUCH HIM PNFAOOOOOO
That was soft af
Refs suddenly remember holding is supposed to be a penalty at the wrong time
And the holding is where?
......... of all the plays to call holding. Watch a chiefs game for god sake.
That may have been the weakest holding call I've ever seen
tHeY dOnT cAlL hOlDiNg ThIs YeAr
Phantom fucking penalty JUSTICE STRAIGHT AWAY
Someone tell Fitzpatrick to shut his mouth
"Steelers be like: bUt ThE rEfs

As they get all the help from them all game. Fucking shit"
I don’t know bad challenge here
"&#x200B;

I don't think that was  a Touchdown. But hey, at his point we have nothing to lose and everything to gain by challenging the call"
Wow that right knee left a mark that looked like it was in bounds.
RIGHT KNEE WAS DOWN
Lamar made that harder than it should have been
Refs unlikely to overturn the call. It's too close.
His left foot might have barely touched. His knee might have hit in. But it's sooooooo close. I can't be too mad if they don't overturn this tbh
"I generally like the Romo/Nantz squad on commentary, but they’ve been infuriating today."
There is a less than zero chance this gets overturned.
I hate these refs man I hate them
Dez is here less thank a week and we're already being called for incompletes in the endzone
When is it our turn to get hometown calls? I swear every home game we get flagged more than the opposition.
Losing this timeout is gonna come back to bite us somehow
OH MY GOD A TOUCHDOWN
KARMA BITCHES
"Review that, bitch"
I really hate those roll out plays on the goal line but it worked
Had to get 3 TDs to score once!
LETS GO HOLLYWOOD
Get in bitch
wow refs cant take away the 3rd td eh?
"From behind with some running and some passing, that is a GOOD drive. QBs have off days. Being able to come back is the key thing. Aaron Rodgers started with a pick 6 against Tampa a couple weeks back and didn't bounce back as well as Lamar has twice this game now."
Yea suck it easy lamar haters hide you cowards
We got in the endzone 3 times that drive.
That drive we overcame 3rd and 14 and 2nd and 22. This game is too close for my heart
Defense please make my day
We got the momentum back. Let’s carry that over to the defense we had in the first half
fuck everybody that was talking like the game was over already
FUCK THE STEELERS
Great TD but damn I wish that rushing TD stood. Kind of like that one touchdown against the Browns a few years ago that got called back.
Steelers and refs couldn't stop the Ravens on that drive
"It’s not over yet. Keep the pressure on, burn the clock. Very winnable."
##If they call a roughing the passer I stg
I would’ve lost my shit. They’ve been doing that to Lamar all game.
"This ref is a Steelers fan, JESUS CHRIST HE ISNT EVEN HIDING IT"
38 gotta go
Look I appreciate the sean connery tribute but can we please get Mr. Bonds off the field
38 is giving me unpleasant melvin flashbacks
please stop taking penalties
Who the fuck is Bonds and why is he allowed to play? Dude looks beyond fucking awful
"who tf is bonds. I've literally never heard this dudes name, and hes getting picked on"
"Bonds is booty but that was on Chuck, guys lol"
"That was Chuck Clark not bonds, was the right call"
Absolutely have to hold them to a fg at the very least
How in the world did Pittsburgh end up with such an easy schedule?
refs doing anything to keep them in the game
"These refs are so one-sided, lol"
over 100 yards in penalties come the fuck on
Steelers need to get bailed out but their fans consistently bitch about the refs
Defense is absolutely gassed after having to carry our anaemic offense
I don’t blame the refs I blame our undisciplined ass fucking defence that has been doing this all fucking year so far
Show a damn replay
Head Hunt the Refs
This game should be 7-24
Fuck refball
"First Half: What is a forward pass?

Second Half: How does one tackle?"
Fuck Claypool the little smug bastard
They better pound the fucking rock
Come on 6 min td drive to cap it
Loving these runs so far.
"This drive has last year's Ravens all over it. The fun, creative plays that keep the defense guessing. Welcome back Greg you fuck."
Dobbins is a beast
Dobbins low-key with a near 100 yard game.
GUS
BEEP BEEP BITCH
Boyle plastered that mf
First 100 yard game for JK. CONGRATZ! HERES TO MANY MORE!
This game is giving me a heart attack
69 plays? Nice.
#DOBBINS YOU CAN HAVE MY FIRST BORN SON
"Roman finally understood that passing is not our thing.

UNLEASH HIM!!!

DOBBINS IS A FREE ELF!!!"
If they had just done this maybe 5-7 more times they’re up two TDs right now. Whyyyyyyyyyy
JK REMIND ME OF DALVIN COOK
"We are so close, keep a cool head offense"
Of course you go for it
WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE WAITING FOR?????
This rivalry is going to give me a heart attack one of these days
"Ugh wish he tried to bounce outside, some space would have at least gotten 2 yards anyway. 4th and 3. Let me guess refs will decide this."
Yeah that was horrible. Game over.
I cant believe we handed them this game.
Worst fucking play call
Greg Roman turned back into a pumpkin. Hate to see it
"Can’t really understand why you got Empty there.


Oh well. Next time in Pittsburgh"
We didn’t deserve to win. We genuinely ain’t doing shit this season if this is our fucking game plan after a bye week
Fire roman immediately
This pistol college offense from Roman is not sustainable. We’ve cut down on QB runs (good) but the pass concepts are too mediocre
That’s a pathetic play call
"I mean, what about maybe running that option play that worked like 5 straight times?!?"
That play call was pathetic. Roman completely bit on what the Steelers wanted us to do
4 turnovers of course we lose.
[deleted]
To only lose by 4 after spotting them 14 is wild in itself. Between that and the penalties the ravens beat themselves today
Still got a chance
Now we need a miracle.
This ain’t over. But I’m not confident unless they blow a coverage again
Queen lfg
Time to see if Lamar has the clutch gene
Punt return TD incoming. Big truss.
I called it with the challenge coming back to fuck us. Now we have no timeouts and they ran 45 seconds off the clock.
This is where we see what Lamar is made of.
"If Jackson throws an INT or takes a sack, I'm rioting."
The line can’t hold long enough for deep shots to form
It almost always comes down to the last two minutes in Baltimore    🏈
"This offense needs something. Up 17-7 at half, we should have never been in this position"
Oh yeah let’s throw in the middle of the field with no timeouts. JFC
#LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO WE GOT A CHANCE
That injury will give us time back on the clock right?
Ravens should have atleast 15 seconds.
Give us more time then.
My ass just took a giant bite out of my couch
Time should be back in the clock
**WILLIE SNEAD IV 106 YARDS TODAY**
WTF WHY NO TIME ADDED
Wtf?? We should have gotten time back
We should of gotten more time
No time added?? Why
Robbed - fucking clock mistake.
Should have had another play with that clock
Watt took out our $100M man trying to dive on the pile after the whistle.
"I literally cant take watching another ""ITS ON ME GUYS"" signal from Lamar after throw a terrible pass to the other team. Omg"
"we are 1st in rushing, 27th in passing. can we play to our strengths"
Fire Dean Pees
I've seen us play from behind enough to know this games over lol
Bruh some of y’all gave up after 1 fucking play...
FUCK TJ WATT
"It looked like a high ankle sprain to me guys, those are incredibly painful and you can’t really put weight on your foot. I didn’t see the ankle snap

Could be wrong, I’m trying to be optimistic here"
I hate Judon so fucking much lol such an enormous waste of money for little production and stupid penalties galore
"Man, this sub is so wishy washy, one second Lamar is the greatest, the next they’re calling for his head. Calm down people"
"I have no idea what's been wrong with Lamar this year, I'm genuinely starting to get concerned. He's just been careless. We could be up 24-0 right now if he hasn't been so garbage."
Jesus. Sub 50% with two ints. That's awful
These refs can kiss my dick. Obvious steeler fans
"I love LJ, But he really just gave the steelers the game."
Man I love Lamar but this performance isn’t it. I hope he improves the rest of the season but as it is right now I would be pretty upset if he gets a massive contract extension this offseason.
I see our offense has used the bye week to do absolutely fucking nothing
Lamar has complete garbage body language at times. Man the fuck up and get going.
Knee was in
Genuinely: fire Greg Roman: out of a fucking cannon
So this game is all Lamars fault honestly
They got handed the game by the refs
Not even a fucking rrplay. Fucking joke of a league im so donr
THEY DIDNT PUT ANY TIME ON THE CLOCK AND LET THAT HELMET TO HELMET GO
"Fuck TJ watt, douche bag"
[deleted]
"Every bandwagon Steelers fan can fuck off, fuck that backwards ass city and the entire organization, burn in hell burn in hell"
#FUCK TRUMP
How is watt dirty for that? He went in backwards?
Watt didn't hurt Stanley on purpose but it was completely fucking reckless and unnecessary. So yea. Fuck him.
There’s really nothing the apologists can say - Lamar has more bad games this season than he has good ones. He needs to turn this shit around right fucking quick
Thread is hilarious. Lamar is keeping Steelers in there but he is also the reason are run game is working.
"Dude Tony Romo literally never has good things to say about the Ravens, ever. Like fuck you dude."
Fuck this Trump commercial.
Fuck Trump
"Soooo, can we criticize this team now or would that still make me a ‘FaIr WeAtHeR BaNdWaGoN fAn’?"
"Fuck you Greg Roman, just fuck you.  49ers fans warned us"
Classless fans booing here.
Browns fan just wanted to come in here and say Fuck the Steelers. Goodbye.
I'm on edge over here boys. This one's going to come down to the wire
2 turnovers by Lamar in the first quarter. Not a good start
That was a vintage Flacco moment lmao
TJ Watt can suck my left nut
"Watt too wreckless and fucking stupid to even make a simple tackle on a guy not moving. Dumb shit, go to hell."
Who do you want Lamar to throw to. nobody is open lol
Hopefully Minkah gets fined for that shit.
If Ben took the hit Lamar took on that last drive he would be rolling around on the ground for 5 minutes being dramatic
Pussy ass Pittsburgh Steelers.
I'll say it again: this feels like the 2004 team. The only saving grace is the QB is much better and our schedule is easier.
Free my man Judon
That wasn't a grab Romo. Chill
"21 points all on Lamar's shoulders.

Boykin will somehow get blamed for it."
We should be up fucking 20 if our offense wasn't fucking garbage.
Yeah we have like 150 rushing yards in a half. But no let’s continue to throw. literally spotted these fuckers 14 points.
Where’s our WR1 at? Hollywood sighting anybody?
Not sure if I’m missing something but can Lamar just not throw a pass 25+ yards? He did it last season so what gives? We know he can. The play calling has no creativity. I’d rather we lose and be experimental and creative than try to win with short passes and not utilising our run game enough
"Man fuck all the people here acting like those of us worried about how poorly Lamar is playing is us bitching.

This game could have been put the fuck away."
"As fucking shit as Lamar has been, this interior offensive line has done him zero favours today. Nor have the receivers."
Im so hyped this game is almost over
Lamar looking really bad in the pocket :(
"I'm not just blaming Lamar. I'm blaming O-line, receivers not being open, receivers dropping balls at times, Greg Roman's awful playcalling, AND coaching. The whole offense has been out of sync this season, and no 1 player's to blame."
"Why are so many of you so negative. If you guys keep saying we’re done we’re done we lost when it’s only a 1 score game, y’all shouldn’t be ravens fans"
"That wasn't Lamar's fault that time, Greg's to blame..."
bengals fan coming in peace to say i’m rooting for you guys. fuck the steelers.
Fuck these bitch ass Steelers
"Honestly I think we played better than we have in tough, close situations. I’m mad, but I’m really not that mad like I was with the Titans game."
BE LOUD FLOCK. ROCK THAT BANK
LETS FREAKINNNNNN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Everyone picking us to lose
I can hear fans.
Say that again: Defending **TWO-TIME** AFC NORTH CHAMPIONS 😤
Nerves going crazy.
Refs better call late hits to QB.  Remember how Steelers drilled RG3 after handoffs last year.
How has no one invented a rain blocking force field for open roof stadiums
We need to go out and catch a body today tbh
Let's get the gus bus and Dobbins goin early
Guarantee Harbaugh and Tomlin were talking about trash Ohio pro football is
Dez with the bape mask 💀💀💀
Man Yannick looks fucking dialed in ALREADY for this rivalry
Jesus dude
That was a terrible pass. Jesus christ he wasn't even disguising the coverage
Is it Roman or Lamar but we have regressed offensively
Lol yeah that should have been roughing.
Ooof now we don't have scapegoat Boykin. This was all on Lamar.
That’s on Lamar that’s a simple read he fucked up
"Lamar just isn't seeing the field as well as he did last yr, especially out of empty. 

He has to see spillane rotating there. He just has to. 

Oh well."
"Stop trying to turn Lamar into fucking Russell Wilson. He is not a CONSISTENTLY GOOD passer, fucking period. 

If the goal is to win , we need to go to our strengths establishing the run and mix in passing when needed."
Their clearly trying to injure Lamar lol
I think it was a late hit with Heward he was going out.
Dirty ass Steelers. Fuck 'em.
Will take it
"Like how is it not unnecessary roughness to twist a players legs after he hands the ball off, wtf"
A defense committing a dumb penalty on 3rd? And NOT the Ravens??
My husband just asked if I’m going to make my traditional game day Bloody Mary. Because he thinks I’m going to need it.
"Pick sixes, 15 yarders.... Ravens Steelers football"
The need for Snead!
Sneed needs to get the Molasses out of his knees
Phillips has got to go.
Snead is such an enigma. A 2/3 that has flashes of looking like a legitimate 1 every season
BOYKIN LET'S FUCKING GO
Dear lord that was perfectly placed
#BOYKIN IS FEEDING OFF THAT DEZ ENERGY TODAY!!!!
I am so fucking sick of watching a Greg Roman Offense.
Solid bounce back
TOUCHDOWN
Boykin decided to put glue on his hands instead of concrete
OMG ITS TIED NOW WE ARENT WINNING BY 50 ITS OVER!!!
THAT'S WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT!!
Boykin making amends I see
What a fucking throw
Lmao Lamar was so mad at Phillips you could hear him haha
Get a stop here and it’s like the pick six never happened
Great route and catch Boykin thats what I like to see!
"That pass was gorgeous, makes my pp tingle"
Alright Boykin that’s how to keep dez off the field
Nice. Back to good old Ravens football. Battling against the steelers transcends generations.
Suck my dick bitch
Boykin had a real good drive.
I want to see us pop Big Ben a few times after all those hits on Lamar
Feels great to see Boykin get that under his belt. Sorry I ever doubted you buddy
Hard to kill jobs that don’t exist...
"Need to see someone smack Watt and Dupree in the mouth. Can’t keep letting them hit Lamar late on the option plays.

I hope we draft some nasty SOB lineman next year."
Thats how you fucking bounce back!!!!!!
Steelers fans really came HERE bitching about refs. Can we please ban them? Do that bellyaching shit in your own sub.
time to rough up ben
Kill fat Ben!!
The way that guy staggered backwards after the ball bounced off his knee was pure comedy.
That was elite athleticism out of Ebron
Uncatchable!
so much talking on the field i love it
Uncatchable yo
He was holding the jersey but the ball was uncatchable. Weak call.
They're gonna call a tugged jersey PI?
**WELCOME TO THE PEANUT GALLERY**
Ball don't lie.
insanely bad call
Fuck this fake ass league
We are too damn good at generating turnovers.
Peters been watching Marlon film!!
WAY TO FUCKING GO JUICE MAN
“Refs are giving the Ravens this game” lmao ok
Peters redeemed himself
MP JUICE PUNCH
Chase Claypool - the next great Steelers WR
Peters learning the marlo punch
This team forces fumbles like no team I've ever seen
Bullcrap call on Peters...BUT WE GOT A FUMBLE!!!
JUICE MAAAAANE
"As a canadian, i hate that Chase “mapletron” Claypool is on the steelers. I’d love to root for him but i can’t."
"If the refs aren't going to help Peters with that call, he'll just do it himself!!!"
Lamepool
Fuck these refs and fuck the Steelers lfg
Phenomenal play by Peters
These punches be contagious
Karma for a horribly tacky PI call on an uncatchable ball. That ref should be under review for that shit
bs call on peters then comes back with that shit hell yeah our boys are dawgs
Marlon must’ve shared his how to guide on forcing fumbles
"FUCK
THE
FUCKING
STEELERS"
Saw that right away.  Looks like his leg/knee got a Gus Bus rammed into the back of it.
Fuck.
Looks like the key to beating the Steeler's run D is to have an RB fast enough to get out the backfield and beat the blitz before they get there...
Hope he's okay!
anyone notice they got a spy on lamar basically every play?
"Fuck that would suck if Tyre is out. Like he hasn't been playing great, but having to shuffle the o-line mid game is crappy."
dobbins is a future star
That blocking by Andrews got me chubbed
Dobbins balance is crazy. He always looks like he about to fall on his face. lol
"That balance by dobbins to stay up after the ankle tackle

That's vintage ray rice shit

I am so pumped for his future"
That's was a really bad decision
Ingram done lost his job
#FUCK
Dobbins has a knack for staying balanced. He looks so special.
"Lamars gotta feel that. He was just holding that ball there. Hell learn tho, hasnt seen it to many times"
ick
cmon lamar...
Kinda fucking awful
"Lamar gotta pull that down, Oline isn't good enough to hold that long."
I find myself yelling at the tv the same thing I yelled at Joe. Throw the ball already!
"I know Lamar is trying to throw, but man... just tuck it and run."
Fuck the Steelers
Lamar fucking up hard
Where were you when this became classic Steelers/Ravens defensive battle?
[deleted]
I wanna know why we didn't run that in  for a td
Anywhere from a 10 to 14 point differential thanks to Lamar turnovers.
"That strip sack looked like the one lamar had vs. tenn. 

When you're facing good pass rushes, you can't wait a beat to give your guys time. Take off or throw it away."
Clearly didn't get that off in time but I'll take the 2nd down over half the distance
Ben just penalty hunting
Lol they just gave up on 3rd and 10
"Awesome defensive series, now let's put up 7"
What was that spot???? Hello????
What spot is that. Challenge it.
Need points on this drive. Defense getting it done but Ben will open it up at some point
LMAO what kind of fucking mark on the punt was that
Ravens defense >>> Steelers defense
Lamar audibles now?
Lamar audibling more. I think I like it.
Jesus dude. We really having awful luck
"Welp, fuck"
NOOOOOO
At this rate we'll have to pull fans from the stands to fill out the OL before game ends
Say sike right now
#SuicideWatch
Of course it’s Stanley
That's broken
Aside from Lamar Ronnie out for an extended period might be worst case scenario.
Damn it man. The man just got paid too! I hope it’s not a ligament
somebody better actually break tj watt
Looked like a broken ankle to me
Welp that's the season
Take my leg Ronnie!
Well fuck there goes our franchise LT for the season.
Looks like that’s all we’ll see from Stanley this season...
Hes not playing for a long fucking time
"Looks like a massive knee injury.

This is fucked up."
Cool let me just fly into the back of an o-lineman trying to take down a QB that's already wrapped up
Of course it was Watt
"If we have to replace Greg Roman in the offseason, I won't be mad"
Even if we win this game. We still lose FUCK 🤦🏽‍♂️
Why does that always seem to happen. Player signs a big contract and they get hurt soon after smh.
"Fuuuuck
Would rather have lost this one than lose Stanley"
Probably season for him eh
That’s just depressing. Huge part of our team and at a spot where we don’t have depth. Get to work EDC!
That was such as a risky throw
"Could have been Lamar's 3rd turnover of the first quarter, wtf was he thinking."
Let's see ben powers man
Lamar is gonna have to learn to get rid of the ball fast.
This offensive line situation is bad news bears
"we need to leave a te or someone to take a fucking bump into watt to try and stop him, none of our lineman can 1v1 him"
"Bright side, this is almost certainly the Best defense we play this year, so this is the hardest challenge for our offense (outside of thanksgiving). We stay above water here, and we'll be able to just about each game here out."
we a defensive team again boys
"1 hour 1st quarter, goddamn"
chris moore sighting
Our D is legit.
"Defense playing well at least, keeping us in it."
Our defense can win us this game if the Offense stops turning it over
"This defense deserves better, out offense seriously has to wake up"
Praying for Ronnie Stanley y’all. That just sucks.
"We better win, Steelers can’t get away with this"
"Run the ball across Pittsburgh's 40,, then take the three."
This game is winnable! Stop being so blek and depressing. Sucks that Stanley got hurt - but that's football. We have people that are also paid lots and lots of money to come in and do the job. Let's go down and get some points!
Trying to get excited about this game again... but it's super difficult after Ronnie went out.
Ronnie got rolled up on. If you guys think TJ Watt did that on purpose then you're clueless.
#THE WHEELS ON THE BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
GUS BUS
Make Gus 1RB already you cowards
BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER
Feed that fucker!
See what happens when we FUCKING RUN GREG ROMAN YOU DUMB CUNT
Those 4-6 yard runs by Gus are so effective man
Need Ricard or Boyle to put Watt in his place and show him what you get for being a dirty fuck. The play Ronnie got hurt might not have been dirty but every run play he is hitting Lamar super late. It may be legal and he’s doing his “job” but it’s still dirty. There’s a reason other players don’t do it.
Gus should be the starter from now on
FEED THE BUS
GET ON THE BUS WE GOIN
Gus is the MOTM so far
KEEP POUNDING THE ROCK
"It only took him like half the season, but is Greg Roman finally learning we can run the ball?"
JKs acceleration is wild
RUN THAT MF ROCK
RUN IT DOWN THEIR FUCKING YINZER THROATS
Jk went 10 yards in about a second holy shit
Run Dobbins run
This run game is doing well here. The Steelers don't look like they have an answer at the moment.
this is the Greg Roman we like
"We have to be content running 3-4 yards at a time. It is steady, working, and keeps Steelers off field.  Don't get greedy."
The running game is so fucking beautiful
Now that is when you call play action
Ok now give it to JK.
Oof Lamar please be careful
BIG GUS TRUSS
"jesus christ that's a risky play call, especially against the steelers who will play dirty"
How is that not 15????
BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER
That should’ve been penalized.
This just proves that if the playcalling is right our offense is dangerous
LOVE HOW LOW GUS BUS GETS
Orlando going fucking crazy... AHHHHHHHH!!! >:)
Wish we were this flawless in the passing game.
That's how its fucking done!!!
Great drive! Love that we continued to run the ball.
Spilane can’t handle the bus
"Yeah, Lamar, please don't get hit like that again....my heart can't take it"
G G G GUUUSSSSS
RUN THAT FUCKING BALL
i love gus man he just goes straight up the middle and runs hard
"That was such Ravens football, just keep doing this shit, fuck the receivers."
Let's fucking gooooooo Greg Roman you fixed your shit.
Remember when people were like you can’t run it every play lol
We really waited to lose 2 starters before we got into our game. We haven’t run like this since last year lol
Steelers got fucked that drive
There is absolutely no way ingram should get more carries than gus when he comes back
"That was such a nice double ram by Fluker and Boyle

Smart design by Roman"
Zeus and fluker at tackles are better
I fuckin love Gus. I really hope he gets his fair share of the backfield and gets the chance to produce in the NFL like he is capable of
"Next time Lamar: King of the North levels up, we gotta put a couple extra points into constitution"
Absolutely beautiful drive. Lets keep it goin
Man I love our RBs
"This is us ! This is our identity ! Run Run Run, open the opportunity for the passing game and score. Just be careful with the way we run Lamar to avoid those hits"
LFG Baltimore
"Good play calling give Roman credit, also way too much Lamar slander Hollywood if he wants to get involved get open"
ANKLE FOR STANLEY SEVERITY NOT YET DETERMINED
Hopefully that convinced Roman   we should not have Lamar stand in the pocket like a statue and throw to 5 ft 10 receivers. That's not his strength.
Rush D starting to look sloppy lol
Love to see Watt screaming at coach
"Okay on that PI against Peters I said it was uncatchable and holding at best. Romo just called it a holding penalty but didn't comment on it being just holding at the time, I feel like that was Freudian."
Lots of bad behavior on that play...
Why is this feeling I have right now so familiar as a Ravens fan?
"Fucking hell team, we don't need to give up yards. We can beat this offense"
"Should be offsetting. Washington grabbing Peters facemask is BS, but so is Judon adding extra out of bounds"
That should offset. They both hit eachother plenty...
God Judon is such an undisciplined bum.
We gotta hit them *during* the play boys
Jesus Christ it's a rivalry just wash the penalties.
If they eject judon he will get more sacks then if he would have stayed in the game
"Honestly, that was dumb by Peters and Judon but it's the Steelers so it's bound to happen. Not that mad."
OMG... You fucking idiot...
The shit Judon
Are we going to even have backup players left after this game?
So over judon
Fitzpatrick contacted an official in first quarter.  Nothing happened to him.
Soft penalty
LOL lame ass call
Judon....
That’s bullshit
Dumb call
Judon you fucking idiot...
That's ridiculous when they also shoved a coach
"I know it’s going to hurt us but I’m so fucking glad to see Judon kicked from the game. Kinda weak from the ref but still, get him out. Coaches need to stop leaning on him so much. Hopefully his time in Baltimore is coming to an end."
Watch us get 3 straight sacks from here
Time to shine Yannick
That’s a terrible ejection
lol Judon is doing the absolute opposite of playing for a contract
Ngakoue's City now
"Judon being dumb, shocker"
"If you hold someone’s arm like that in the middle of a fight, did the ref expect him not to react?"
Judon has elite dumbassery
Wasn't even to the ref wtf
Judon is gone 🦀🦀
I wish we could cut Judon. He is such a fucking liability and I actually can't stand him.
Judon was carrying Johnson away and was to pulled to ground. He wasn't swinging at the ref. Someone was restricting his arm but he has to chill.
Judon and giving free drives to an offense. Name me a more prolific duo.
"Maybe a weak call, maybe a bit of flop by the ref, but you just can’t touch the refs. That’s practically automatic."
Although Judon shouldn't be fighting with coaches/teammates. He's gone from here. He's done.
Campbell makes the ball look like a lemon
Steelers fans: hE pUnChEd A rEf RaVeNs ShOuLd FoRfEiT
I’m sorry but I love our chippyness. FUCK THE STEELERS
There Ben has fumbled now too we just didn't get the bounce.
Steelers offense looking like doo doo out there.
Earl Thomas who?
Steelers offense is looking lost today
"See that steelers, no defensive linemen throwing their bodies around for no reason."
i really wish there was more duvernay
I’m not hating that Board dude
This game is giving me heart palpitations
I smell a very long jk dobbins run upcoming
Judon is losing lots of money this season. His on field production hasn’t been there
This game is classic ravens steelers
why is ben always hurt
Oh man Bens elbow being looked at. I’d kill to see the boys fuck Rudolph up again
Gus and JK both over 100 today!
Really like to see us hold onto the ball till the half
What. The. Fuck. Lamar.
Yikes that fumble scared the shit out of me
Lamar you are scaring me
Lamar looking at the camera “psyche”
I didnt realize it was that slickery
Is justice hill active?
"Lamar is giving me heartache 

Fucking wet ball"
waste the clock and at least score 3 is a perfect ending to the half
"Let’s make it a two scorer before ht, please"
Lamar fumbling madden 20 style
[[Twitter video] We've got a jumbotron proposal folks! Congrats to the happy couple 💜 - @Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens/status/1322982603755081728)
Thank fuck
Incomplete
"&#x200B;

Lamar you good bro?"
No int but that was horrible throw lamar
That’s incomplete foh
"nope, don't like that"
"Not a pick.

But still, come the fuck on, man."
Ahh another Devin Bush dropped INT they'll give them
Can't use the ground to secure.  Period
Lamar just seems to be playing with a lack of confidence this year...idk
"it may get called back but... idk. 

lamar doesn't want to protect the ball today."
That was to Boykin right?
Now we run the damn ball
Grind the fucking win out. Nothing sexy. Make it gross
Great play by the defender. Poor pass. Not great job by the receiver to block out the defender.
They need to make lamar carry a football around at all times and try to strip him randomly
"Phew, I thought the refs were going to screw us again."
"GUYS THE STEELERS ARE A GOOD DEFENSE, WE ARE FINE"
"Huge conversion by Lamar.

I don't care how iNjUrEd Ben is or how bad their offense has looked all game. You put them in one-minute drill and they will get points. Well done by us."
I love seeing Willie Snead talk shit to Steelers players haha
Gonna be real I don’t see Mark getting many carries for the rest of the year
Damn we might get 3 points or more out of this drive.
Ray Rice Jr
"Good play, don't force it"
Superstar Lamar starting to catch fire mane
"Pass was low, Andrews slipped.  Bad combination."
Gotta make that pass but gotta have more time ...
Why the F do you call a timeout right there
"Lol, these refs are crazy sometimes xD"
#LOVE TUCKER
Tuck is the man
51 yards? No problem!
Good hard earned field goal
Tucker GOAT
The Goat🐐
SO MONEY! TUCKER FOR MVP.
Tucker you GOD
Tuck is just next level good.
God I love that man JT
Hey Romo can we finally stop the charade about Tucker not being the goat
G. O. A. T. 🐐
Roman I know we say to run the ball but I mean come on don't gotta scare us like that with no timeouts lol
JK and Snead carrying us today
"He had another 15-20 yards in the kick, my god"
"Guys, I loved how it turned after Stanley’s injury; the ground first game is back!"
"Love you Tucker. This will be a game of inches. Gotta outplay Pittsburgh in the second half, they will be coming."
ALMOST AUTOMATIC
"""almost automatic"" shut up nantz"
"Their offense can't fucking score on us!  This should be a half time shut out right now!  

#FUCK THE STEELERS!!!"
Autotucker
Dobbins with 69 rushing yards in the 1st half.
LFG do it for Ronnie
Tf?  They didn't show lamars pass td to Boykin on the first Highlight reel?  Weak
Happy to be on top at this point in the game. Just need to go out in the second half and keep pounding that rock.
There might be some hope for Stanley since it's an ankle not a knee. Pray to the football gods
"First couple drives had some rough calls but overall Greg is calling a great game. Pleasantly surprised, I was hardcore doomerposting early on because I was terrified he'd try to have Lamar throw the ball 45 times again. 

Been bad all year but today hes been great. pls keep this up Roman."
"I think pitt is gonna stack the box hard and sell out on the run, gonna need some good adjustements from g-ro"
Wayyyy to much time
Bowser playing well this year
Jimmy smith goat veteran
ben penalty hunting
Idk if it was a penalty but they owe us a couple
Squeelers looking for a flag
Made up for the other one
I’ll take that makeup call for that BS call on Peters
Steelers can't just cry their way to yards. Prove you can beat a guy then they should throw flags.
Shut the fuck up Romo
Judon is ejected and...nothing changes. Judon to the Jets at the end of the season
Goddamnit...
I really don't get it.
Run the ball
Run the fucking ball Roman
RUN THE FUCKING BALL ON 1ST DOWN
Wow...
Jesus
Jesus Lamar you suck throwing the ball today.
Wtf are you laughing on the sidelines for?
I mean we literally have a plan that's working. And we absolutely have to get away from it. Why?
AGAIN A FUCKING DUMB THROW
Inside our own 20 with a shaky quarterback? THROW THE BALL
"Good lord, Lamar"
WHY
Lamar is too reckless
"""why are we throwin the football"" FUCKING EXACTLY. DAMNIT ROMAN"
Well that was sickening
Honestly it’s really surprising we’re even in the lead still and the Stanley loss just puts the cherry on top. It’s going to be a miracle from god if we come out with a win
Both TDs have been Lamar's fault
Madden curse
Just run every play. No need to pass it and get intercepted every drive
Lamar ia killing us
Lamar is absolutely killing us. Run the ball the rest of the day.
Our offense is the Steelers offense
Honest to got that may be his worst pass of his career
Steelers cannot produce until Lamar throws picks at the start of drives. Unfortunately that is happening too much
And just like that it went from feeling like we were up by 20 to being down by 10.
I wanna see less than 5 pass attempts for the rest of this entire fucking game
"Lamar bby, what the fuck"
Even with the line injuries this is a pathetic showing by lamar with 2 weeks preparation
Steelers can’t wait until we get the ball back. FUCK!
Just get back to pounding the rock and we good
Stop wasting our time with a fucking extra point holy shit
We need to score again. A nice long drive
"Feel like this is going to be another defensive win and Lamar gets bailed out again, or it’s all put on the D in some 4th Q play and they can’t make it happen, because no matter how good they are, it’s likely they’ll make one mistake if they’re out there for ages. 

Lamar needs to get his act together"
"For the Americans, even the UK broadcast team have no idea why they’re passing the ball"
"The Steelers had under 100 yards of total offense before that pick. Goddammit, how is this team going full 2016?"
Fluker looked hurt there...
Need another turn over
That Chris Moore handshake was jokes lmao
Prosche was wide open after a sensational route on that last 3rd down
When's the last time we took a deep shot? Certainly not during this game.
I hate this
Refball
wow we're gonna lose lol
This is why you go deep. But we don't.
Bullshit dpi
This game is giving me ptsd
"Yo Wink, can we call man to man? PLEASE?"
Defense needs a sack or a turnover to stop Pitts momentum
FUCKING BULLSHIT. COME ON RAVENS. WTF
Sack Daddy!
Fucking embarrassing
Pick six...please
Ferguson winning me over these past couple of games
We knew they'd target queen
Ferguson matched Judon's seasons production this drive alone.
The great unraveling
Oh boy now we get to do the thing this team loves the most; playing from behind!
Lamar will pass every down now since they are now down
I....have no words.
Alright Lamar redemption time
The quarter from hell
Ugh I’m so sick of baker mayfield and his stupid commercials
Defense is so good in the first half again and doo doo in second
"every


single


one of us knows what roman is going to do now"
Jaylon Ferguson to me has been the most improved player this year on the entire roster. He always had all the physical tools so glad to see him producing a lot more
"Every time I watch, ravens lose. So guess I know what I must do for a W 🙏🏻"
This is going to be an ugly game and I am not happy
This game is basically the Ravens against themselves.  Aside from that drive the Steelers haven’t even been playing in this game.
Our vertical passing game has disappeared
Greg Roman special incoming.
got lucky
Bad playcall but why the spin move there?
I saw that fumble coming. Tell me why this happens
Hold the fucking ball
Saw that fumble coming too
How do guys not know that people are behind them? lol
Jesus Christ
HOLD ON TO THE BALL
can we hang on to the damn ball please fellas
lamar is having a tough game
Smh llama that was almost another turnover
Wtf are these play calls
Having to bring in two back up o-linemen this game is really hurting us
3rd and 8 and you call a read option
[deleted]
FUCK YOU GREG ROMAN. NO WONDER BUFFALO DUMPED YOUR ASS.
How the fuck is Watt in the backfield that early
Why on earth are we leaving TJ Watt unblocked? Are we stupid?
Why is Watt constantly unblocked
My mood and my balls are blue
Play calling and execution is killing us here.
I feel the exact way when you’d watch joe throw it short of the sticks on third down. You just know 3rd downs are unlikely to hit.
Lamar is holding it way too long on literally every pass play
at this point I can just lose the cider part of this bourbon and cider
"well... at least lamar didn't turn the ball over on that drive. 

Andrews tried to but to no avail.

Defense gotta save us."
"Why is Lamar playing scared? We just refuse to even attempt to air it out and won't take any shots with guys who are 1 on 1. 

Maybe if Dez plays well he can change that and get him comfortable with throwing it up on those plays"
tennessee fucking sucks
Defense do that thing where you bail Lamar out
Get Roman tf up out of here
"The good thing is that Lamar's contract gets a little smaller everytime he throws the ball, so it won't even close to a mahomes style contract by the end of the year"
These injuries have killed an already lackluster o-line. Lamar hasn’t played well but he’s under pressure immediately
Good fucking stop. Offense DO SOMETHING
I fear EDC is gonna overload our defense and completely ignore the offense...the only flaw Ozzie had really
"I don’t understand it, Lamar read defenses so good last year but suddenly can’t this year?"
I wonder which Greg Roman  and Lamar Jackson we get this drive
Can we flip Judon for a WR? Offense needs help.
C'mon offense. Defense bailed you out. Let's fucking go
Dalvin cook has 150 rushing yards and a 50 yard td catch
Fuck this o line
Lamar just looked scared on that play.
WTF was that on Lamars arm?
what the fuck are we doing on offense lmao
this playcalling is disgusting
Jfc this is brutal
"Why does Lamar's expression look so fucking confused. You're getting tacked because you refuse to throw the ball, my dude."
"Dude fuck our play calling, and fuck oline injuries"
"Handing the sacks for free, and spotted PIT 14 pts."
It’s going to be easier to contain this run when they know we just can’t pass for shit.
Steelers secondary is not good. Someone is open.
He had time. Ran into the pressure
Maybe we should have no line. Defenders get to the backfield at the same pace but Lamar has more room to run.
"3 and out > turnvoer here.

Just like old times tbh"
"Either no one is open, or Lamar can’t see the field.  He had more than enough time there to get a throw off. Have to know against the Steelers you have a certain amount of time"
#YESSS DUVERNAY I LOVE THIS GUY
"DUVERNAY ALL DAY

get that kid more involved"
DUVERNAY
Finally!!
He has to be able to do that consistently  to win a SB
Duvernay is a fucking badass and we need to play him more.
LMAO then immediately follow with a loss of 2
"Are you shitting me. He failed to hold. He tried, but he fucking whiffed"
FUCK THAT FUCKING FLAG!!!!
Holy fuck this has been a one-sided game by the refs.
FUCK
thats fucking bullshit
How the fuck was that a hold?
"36 run plays, 23 passes but people are complaining  that roman isn’t calling enough run plays."
That just wasn’t holding
Skura has had a rough time coming back from the injury.
Let’s GOOOOO get that momentum
Ayy lmao fuck these refs
Thank you snead for having some balls and jawing those fucks.
":( FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK.

Many maybe that'll give lamar some confidence though"
Fuck these refs
That's literally not holding...
Pissed even if we get a TD here there literally wasn’t a hold on that call
That hold was so fucking weak
Yo this game is fucked I never seen shit like this before fuck these refs
I thought the refs were going away from picky calls. I thought the league wanted to reduce those calls...
ravens can never get some ref favor
Right knee was in no?
Bro that’s a touchdown and a half. That knee is so down.
Think it’s to close change it
"Wait, that's a td. That last replay, it's close but that right knee is down before left toes touch out of bounds."
Knee was in but it’s not enough to change
Too close to call. It'll stand. Looks out to me though.
Knee is down the visible evidence is on the turf lmao
His knee tapped down slightly before he was out that’s a TD but refs aren’t gonna change it knowing how they operate
They could literally call that holding every play and they wait until they see Lamar hitting his head on the goalpost to.
Kinda fucked u don't call something that close a TD and review instead of making us use a challenge
I’ll be shocked if the refs give this to us.
First int was roughing the passer too fuck the refs
Need 6 man
"So close, but fuck it. LETS SCORE HERE!

&#x200B;

EDIT: HOLLYWOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!"
"That blonde female voter on the 60 minutes ad could get it, damn. Lol."
DOESNT FUCKING MATTER BABY
"Great strike there, Lamar. Love that throw."
I might cry
After scoring three times FINALLY
Asshole refs
The refs really think they can take shit from us and we won’t get it right back. Lol
Suck it easy Lamar hatersssss
Great job by Hollywood finding the soft spot in the zone
Finally got in there!
Great drive.
Finally offense picks it up. Let’s go!!!!!
Hollywood still gets his TD
No lie I was mad worried we'd fuck the pass up
I don't understand why we don't roll out more.
Good get Brown his TD.
Lamar gave that Steelers bench a long look after that TD
How about a fucking defensive score and just twist the knife.
We still gonna win boys BELEE DAT
Damn refs tried so hard to stop that one too.
I’m so sorry for doubting you lamar. Let’s go! 🙏
So does Lamar get the blame of the game still?
3 touchdowns there on that drive. Give us 21 bitches.
We are just so much better. Anyone can tell by just watching. I don’t know why this is so hard and stressing
My friend is in California and I asked him if he’s ever seen HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDD
I swear the refs are tryna fuck us on every play
BONDS WTF
Refs want to throw a flag so bad. Fucking pathetic.
The fuck was that 38? Who even are you?
Who the hell is bonds and why is he playing? Dude just straight up stopped playing in the middle of a catch.
"Defense is hot offense sucks, Offense wakes up, defense falls asleep. Good ole Ravens football"
cut 38
Have the Steelers had a holding penalty or DPI all game?
Is 38 a fan who snuck in? Holy crap.
WHO IS NUMBER 38
I’m feelin a Marlon punch coming...
Agent Bond(s) the steelers undercover agent
Flag after flag
These. MF. Refs.
This is brutal
HOW IS IT PI EVERY TIME???? What the fuck happened to holding or illegal contact?
Can the Steelers please move the ball with out the refs' help?
How the fuck is that PI? Why are the refs so god damn biased
I love having over 100 yards in penalties
Dude the refs are literally fucking full of shit.
FUCK. THESE. REFS
These fucking penalties. Holy shit.
For reals? Come on
"9 penalties and 3 turnovers, what the fuck"
These refs can suck my dick
We just fuck ourselves. So many penalties. Defense looks legit one half then absent the 2nd. Like come on guys
Time for a fruit punch
ticky tack fouls man
Pathetic defense right there
These pick plays are getting out of control in the NFL
We need a good long game winning drive to chew clock and get that W but with these refs fucking us over every chance they get I doubt we’ll get past the 50yd line
"Defense got cooked, horrible series"
It’s just a matter of running the clock down and scoring. We got this. Just gotta belee.
I'm about the rip every follicle of my hair out. This game has pissed me off passed my limit
The hometown calls will start kicking in for us one day like they do for every other team in the NFL.
All of these refs deserve to hit the unemployment line. How is it possible to be this bad and still keep a job?
Cold War looks sick af. Pretty hard to fuck up a return to that era when BO1 is one of the most loved games in the series. COD 4 - BO2 was absolutely the peak of the series
JK is the real deal
browns lost to the raiders LMAOOOOOOOOO
Keep running
THE WHEELS ON THE BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
Why ever throw the ball again?
Letting Gus leave would be a mistake idc
Dobbins is fucking nuts.
That option was gorgeous
Future all pro imo
Honestly we should coach our WRs to commit OPI on every passing play. The refs consistently call them on the defense regardless.
Keep doing this and stun them with a pass if needed.
Keep running that motherfucker. Pitt is on their heels
Dobbins going off!
If Greg calls a goddamn throw at this point I will March to Baltimore's front office and protest until he's fired
Wish we would take a play out of KC's book and get Andrews out in the slot like they use Kelce
This is what we should have been doing all game...
Wheres the people who were arguing against the fact that Ingram is our 3rd best RB?
"Fake injury to give his defense a rest, FUCK OFF"
"Even if we lose this game, going forward DOBBINS NEEDS MORE CARRIES. HE IS AMAZING"
Sad but Ingram needs to not get many snaps anymore
This game has all but cemented Ingram getting cut in the off-season.
"Bro, this option is beautiful when they go straight at Lamar every play."
Dobbins has such a knack for staying on his feet
Now they’re faking injuries. Thug team
Let’s slow it down a little. Use they clock. Don’t want to give them back the ball with too much time.
"Not only are we good at running, this team loves to run. Look at that effort on the blocks by all 10"
Absolutely need a TD here. A FG would be futile at this point
Gus and JK looking great today.
"man i love dobbins, he's a worthy successor to ingram"
Heart attack time
This is the game here.
I hope they have something wicked dialed up.
"Blame of the game: Jackson
Player of the game: running backs"
Greg Roman loves his 4 man verticals in the red zone
If we throw it i. Going to jump out my eindow
"We got this, man. Let's go"
I’m ready to get hurt
Terrible clock management. Romo was right.
I say go right back to the speed option with lamar and JK
Truss baby!! Let's gooooo everyone fingers crossed we get this 4th
"The penalties have ruined this game for me... I really hope we can still pull this off, but damn the refs have sucked the life out of this game"
Terrible play wow.
There’s the fucking game
Didn't deserve this game
Why the fuck was it an empty back designed run?
That’s the fucking game
DREADFUL PLAY CALL
another loss on Lamar
Whoever the refs are for this game better never have another ravens game.
He fumbled anyway smh
What a shit playcall
Another fumble by Lamar. Not that it matters.
OH MY GOD HOW COME WE DIDN'T USE DOBBINS!?!?
WHAT WAS THAT?!?!?!
Fuck you Greg Roman
5 wide... why
Yes. Running backs been eating. Lets make the qb run up the middle.
Wooooooow Greg fucked it big time.
"5-wide empty and WHO DID NOT EXPECT QB DRAW? Laughing at these bandwagoners fans now all of a sudden calling for Romans head :'D Ice up people, ice up"
Qb running it should be a bail out and not a play smh.
"The contrast to last year is insane. I wouldn't even have been worried about that fourth down last year. This year, I'm confident we *wont* make it."
I’m shocked that the refs haven’t thrown a random flag yet
"Thats a difficult play to cover, nice tackle by peters though."
What a play Defense!!!!
"Last chance, boys... 

&#x200B;

BIG TRUSS!\~"
Damn he got ROCKED
HOW ARE WE STILL IN THIS GAME
Duvernay I need you
I'm not hopeful but I'm still here Lamarao
If we pull this off......I would be so happy
"If we lost this game, that's still a clutch stop from our D."
honestly can we give it to duvernay so he can run it downfield fast AF
Let's see if Lamar has it in him to put it all behind him and comeback to win with no timeouts.
[deleted]
"Questionable play calling aside, you can't discount stupid penalties and awful turnovers. 

Lamar went from fearless to reckless."
"Need chunk plays?  Naw, lets throw it middle field short."
This o-line won't let a comeback happen
"Lamar is torture, Lamar is life."
Hayward can fuck out of here
If he is injure why not stopping the clock?????
Either time needs to be back on the clock or a penalty.
"oh fuck, OH FUCK."
Offside PIT
Wtf there should be more time
Refs didn't put any time back on the clock
why didn't we get more time on the clock????
WOOPHTIE FUCKING DOO FUCKING REF BALL
Never mind
Refs fucked us
Lamar woulda clutched that if Roman could call plays
"No matter the outcome, too many fucking injuries this game"
Refs need fired
Fuck these refs to end of the game.
Damn that was a good throw. Better defense
Good game boys. I still loves this team. We played well despite
"Well at least it was close as fuck, not like some other games where we just lose it in the second half. Can continue to tweak a few things."
Pain.
If the player doesnt get up due to an injury after the 2 minute warning the defense gets charged a timeout and I would assume that timeout would be in effect once the player doesnt get up I disnt look it up but I remember when the rule got put in place because all the players were flopping
[removed]
How the fuck do people like Romo?  Just STFU already.  You don't have to talk the entire fucking game.
"So some take aways from the game:

- Fuck the Steelers 

-Fuck the refs

-Lamar kept the Steelers in the game

-Snead is somehow clutch af in those long passes

- We need to let Dobbins eat

- Those RPO’s were fucking glorious

- The O-Line is fucked

If anyone wants to add feel free"
Fuck TJ and Fuck The Steelers
"Can’t wait to see that fat fucking rapist walrus get barley hit, roll around on the field like he just had both his legs blown off"
That could have gone better.
If they hit Lamar after he hands it off that needs to be called
I hope Phillips is ok but im ngl iv been wanting Fluker to start for awhile
FUCK TJ WATT
Show us a replay of a Steeler Dline doing some dirty shit already
He’s out for the year that was the ankle
“Here’s your well deserved extension.” Then he gets rolled up by who else TJ Watt. Fuck man
Leading with the helmet?
That's a fucking penalty.
Fuck off Judon you stupid fuck
Lamar WTH LOL
"Lamar really, really needs to get it together. I know it's a rough game but outside of short runs and passes he has looked extremely shaky."
Lamar making some Flacco decisions
"2 ints, could have been 4. Possibly the worst game of Lamar's career, its unfortunate he never has one of these TERRIBLE games in a completely meaningless matchup. It's always the playoffs or in big games that will impact playoff seeding."
"Man... this is a bad game from Lamar. We’re still up by 3 and Lamar is playing maybe one of the worst games of his career.

That doesn’t mean he’s terrible or he sucks etc. it’s just a bad game today from him."
"Lamar is great, he just makes awful decisions. Seems that other QBs mature and don’t make these mistakes. I’m worried about him"
Why are we blaming Greg Roman for Lamar throwing a 4 yard duck asking to get picked..
Lamar is struggling. But it is one of the best defenses in the league and he isn't getting much help from his line or receivers. Everyone on offense needs to be better.
I don't understand why people are blaming Greg Roman when Lamar just lofted that pass for no reason. Unless we are just mad every time we don't call a run play
I need to stop coming into these game threads.
Everyone acts like the refs are out to get us. I mean bad calls are bad calls but come on no one is out to get us
Dobbins is a stud. Can’t believe I was nervous when we drafted him.
Yeah I’m fully on the fire Roman train now
This is a masterclass in what not to do holy shit
So hes offside?
That's offside
"Blaming Watt is stupid, that was just football. Now Mekari missed his block"
Harbaugh needs to put his ego aside and play powers. Mekuri has been as bad as hurst was. Powers has been much better in limited action. I don't care what is going on at practice. This is the shit that almost stopped bryant mckinney from playing
"Did you guys see TJ yelling at the coach on the sidelines? He said ""I tried diving at his legs again damnit"""
Y'all lose faith too fast. We are winning this game
In comes the crowd that says any criticism is being a fair weather bandwagon fan
"Regardless of the outcome, at least I won't see Trump commercials next week."
Getting close to turning this game off with all these Trump ads. Definitely no more football today for me after this game ends either way since we're apparently getting one every break.
Great game guys. See you on Thanksgiving
Hey Romo shut the fuck up about contracts when someone is injured
"Attention racists from Dundalk: 

Trace McSorely is not replacing reigning NFL MVP Lamar Jackson"
FUCK TRUMP.
This board still amazes me at how fast they flip on this team.
Karma coming for TJ watt
this is one of the worst games I've ever seen any QB have let alone   Jackson
"My contribution in preparation is in my PC today. Lights on motherboard are purple and gold, video card I have rotating between them, and CPU cooler I have logo fading in and out purple and gold and found a new circle options called wings set to our purple. 

I have done all I can. 

Fuck the Steelers."
Pittsburgh’s D is playing a bit dirty forreal
That was one of the best corner routes lamar has ever thrown
That drive was huge. Coming back from that pick 6 and putting the ball on the spot on 3rd and goal. Joe Cool status.
Peters owed us that for the penalty lol
For real fuck TJ Watt
Play calling in the red zone is ass today
Lamar just seems to be taking 1-2 seconds too long this season to make decision. Definitely the biggest thing he needs to work on.
I'm tired of Roman calling stupid bs passing plays when the Ravens have so much momentum running the football. WTF?
Lamar is trying to play hero ball because he doesn’t trust his weapons whatsoever
I am not a young man any more.  They need to give me a big lead.
Fucking TJ WATT
Bruh fuck Watt. Dude is so extra. Already had multiple questionable late hits on Lamar in this game
"If that is as bad as it looks, stanley won't be back to full health until 2022. 

He'll play in 2021 but won't be himself.

Speedy recovery, Ronnie."
I blame Roman. What a dead play from before the snap. Put your players in position to score not get injured you fuck.
Is roughing the passer still a call they make ever?
No way this team beats the Steelers x2 or the Titans playing like this with this OL.
I don’t understand how the Steelers are top of the division. They have not looked good at all today
How is that not a hit to the head???
Ingram should not be the starter anymore.
fuck this dirty ass team bro
We're better without Judon. Change my mind
"""Body built by fuckin idiot"" 



💀"
"Oh shit hope Ben is okay. If nothing else, we gotta get more sacks on him"
I wouldn’t blame Lamar for that tbh he just ran it and tried to palm the ball when it’s wet outside
Lots of trolls in the thread y’all watch out
I would like to apologize. The Ravens paid me to cut the grass but I misheard them and dropped grease all over the field. That's why everyone is slipping around.
People forget Lamar is young against a stout pass rush with no line and marquise brown is his best receiver you guys act like he has jerry rice and our 2012 offense line
"Did we learn nothing from the last drive? Keep it on the ground. 

Lamar is not himself today. Carrying the ball with one hand. C'mon dude."
Lamar fucking sucks at throwing the ball this season. Just not way around it
Lamar is literally costing us the game.
"Lamar is having a lot of mistakes today.

Remember we’re still up rn and it doesn’t mean he’s terrible or this seasons a wash. Let’s keep it within this game. We can still win today obviously"
I’m really disappointed coming out of the bye like this
We must Belee still
What’s concerning is that our #1 receiver hasn’t had a single catch. Correct me if I’m wrong.
Ref ball
"We honestly don't deserve a dub, we're gettingin our own way"
*chuckles* we're in danger
Lamar is losing us the game gave them 14 points so far gotta get his shit together
"Lamar’s performance today is even mpre concerning considering he hasn’t really played very well all year. It’s not just 1 game for him, it’s several games where he has looked bad."
Lamar is looking a lot like 2018 Lamar. Good at running but bad awareness leading to fumbles and picks. I hope he can turn it around
We got competent Greg on play one and crazy Greg play two it seems
[deleted]
Lamar is a straight killer. It should never even be a discussion whether we keep him or not.
We have triple the penalties for more than triple the yards. We are owed a nice soft defensive PI
"I swear we are hated by everyone not from Baltimore. Penalties almost always skew against us even in clean games. 

I do not believe we are doing anything different. There are so many horrible egregious penalties that happen in other games and yet we always seem to suffer from ticky tacky bullshit calls, like in the eagles game against Peters. Just seriously pisses me off."
What shit clock management
This is the game here my dudes
#FIRE GREG ROMAN
"Terrible playcalling by roman at the end.

The loss will be on lamar though if it happens."
Lamar was an absolute joke today. Point blank. Lost us this game for sure. RBs and D are the only reason it was close.
That was so close that my heart hurts.
This was a masterpiece by the refs
Seems like a penalty
PI??????
"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk)

&#x200B;

30 seconds in. Boykin was WIDE OPEN. Lamar needs to start looking outside!"
Cardinals fan here. FUCK the Steelers! Let’s go baby
"IDGAF ABOUT A PENALTY, CAN WE TAKE SOME HIT AT TJ WATT, HES BEEN TARGETING LJ8 AND NOT GETTING SOME FOULS CALLED"
Jackson what the fuck was that throw!? That is almost a guaranteed interception. Just take the sack
judon did nothing wrong
Lamar Jackson is singlehandedly keeping Pittsburgh in this game. There is no one else.
Ok lets say it now we are 7 games in and Lamar is playing like trash this season
Flacco not looking good today.
Why the f does Lamar play bad EVERY time in the really big games? Is he bad and the design works to beat lesser teams or whats up?
2nd year in a row we’ve had to play the Steelers and the Refs on the same Sunday
Stop with the fucking political comments and let's fucking talk about football god damn 😂😂😂 also who tf is jay Balvin
[removed]
"And again, Lamar can't lead us to a comeback in a game he single handedly created the defecit."
"Literally all that happened so fast... No added time and then blatant personal foul on that last play. Very confusing officiating. On a side note, Lamar needs work. He does need help yes but you could give him an all star cast and but with the way he's playing this year it wouldn't matter his accuracy is below average. He has flashes but overall has been lack luster. If he wants to get paid like Russ or Deshaun he needs to perform better IMO"
Get an absolute fucking grip if you think that's intentional. Holy shit.
I did not bet enough for Steelers win to calm myself
"For Baltimore, and Maryland! We will fight on to victory!!

FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT"
"My good friend won the lottery, got seats right behind the Ravens bench.  He has promised me a victory today.

Go Ravens!"
"For the love of god, please challenge the Steelers WRs near the LOS and limit the short passing game"
Can it please be 1 pm already?!
Listening to “go to sleep” by Eminem Ft. DMX to get pumped up
I'm nervous af
Well im gonna spend this game not sober because the stress is gonna kill me otherwise
When was the last time we got Romo? Holy shit
I love Romo
W
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
DrOP THEIR ASS
Harbaugh with the camo MD flag mask 🔥
I am usually against violence but I’d be ok with any ravens fan that sold their tickets to a steelers fan get the shit kicked out of them and have their season tickets revoked. 4K people lucky enough to get tickets and you treasonous bastards sell?
"Up at 5am in Australia like I am every week.

Normally, I need an alarm to get me up for Ravens games. Not this week - I could barely sleep.

LET'S GO."
"it's 5am here, and I am fucking ready. Let's do this."
"Let's fucking do this, Ravens."
*Ass*
Burning a wicker man to curse big ben today fuck that bitch
"Hey everyone, just started watching football, is this a big game"
Time to temporarily replace my election anxiety with Ravens/Steelers anxiety!
Bruh wtf
RUN. THE. BALL.
Run the ball down their fucking throats.
Dumb throw lmao
Jesus Christ. Lamar worse than his rookie year
he was open for like 3-4 seconds he waited way too long
Fuck.
Lamar got baited badly.
FFS Lamar
How is that not a late hit though?
That was..really bad
"We've come back from shit starts before, we can do it again. We'll get the ball back."
Can we start this game over
Worst possible start
"They get the ball in the second half, Christ"
"Roughing the passer isn’t a penalty today, I guess"
What about roughing the passer?
I miss Yanda and Hurst so much lol.
aight lets feed gus
Haha man we just saving the run for a play off run 🤣
"Had two weeks to prepare, Steelers coming off a emotional game, and that’s what our first 3 plays look like. Cool cool cool good good"
"Gus Edwards doing well so far, I'd keep running it tbh"
That boy got ice in his vein with that throw 🥶
Throw Minka out.  Shoved ref.
"I want to see Lamar run to run, he was setting up to pass there and he could have made a play for a forst down if he wasn't jogging the whole way."
Already y’all saying there’s a lot of time and we’re 5-1 so we shouldn’t complain. Eagles seriously shouldn’t have had a chance last week
Lamar really needs to learn how to throw the ball away when defenders have him beat
"Yo GREG, call some outside runs, Steelers blitz the middle every down..."
Maybe it is
So they’re just allowed to hit Lamar on every play? Didn’t know that was a rule
Wtf heyward! Minkah was fine actually but jeez
Anyone else just see the end jump early?
This offense has been mediocre all season and it’s not gonna change face the facts
so we're starting where we left off in philly?
Good to see that the Ravens are still messing up their formations.  Frustrating.
Willie really be the goat
Damn Snead slow haha
needed that
Great job by Snead on getting open after 41 tripped
Nice
Wow Snead got caught by a LB LOL
Great play but man I thought Snead was faster than that
Bench Phillips I’m tired
Hot mic lol
Why does Greg Roman still have a job
Touchdown Ravens!!!!    🏈🏈🏈
Boykin feelin that heat from Dez!
#BIG BOYKIN NO LIL BOYKIN
Lol where the Boykin haters at
Miles!
Perfect
YES!
🧊 🎯
"Dang Lamar got it out fast there, just gotta stay cool under pressure"
Boykin stepping up thank god
"Great recovery drive there, though kind of saved by the late hit. Now don't make any more mistakes for the rest of the game."
Ya’ll can say whatever you want. I think Boykin will be good for us for a long time.
What a throw babyyy
That pick 6 happened early enough we can just forget it ever happened
Great response
Time to see Yannick!!!
Couple of nice catches by Boykin this drive
"Did Dez already teach Boykin how to run routes and catch, this week.  Definitely worth the money!"
WE AINT BACKIN DOWN
Friendship ended with not liking boykin. Now liking boykin is my best friend
Yannick and Campbell combining for 5 sacks today
"Gotta love r/Steelers. The victim hood over that drive "" iTs Da ReFs"""
Dez showing up seems to have awakened Boykin!? Boys pumped!
Now time to see how the D is going be today
if we had settled for a fg there I would have been so stressed
Romo full stiffie right now
Please D knock that fat piece of shit on his ass
That roughing call was legit. Lamar was already wrapped up with his momentum clearly taking him out of bounds and heyward laid a lick on him so stfu.
That was a great drive by Lamar and the offense. Now let’s go D
r/nfl is pure yinzer tears today so fuck that noise im coming back here.
IT'S A RAVENS TRADEMARKED DROP BY EBRON!!
Man Ben threw that so hard he nearly knocked him over
Learn to catch you fucking steeler bitches.
That was uncatchable
makeup call
LET'S GOOOOOOO RAVENS!!!
Lol now they can’t stop bitching about refs
Ben hasnt seen this defense since 2018.... we winning this.
"Damn, just realized this is the first game against Ben, without Suggs, Lewis, or Reed on the team"
"Seattle bro here, wtf was that call???"
FUCKING UNCATCHABLE!!!!! Come on. Call a hold of you want but that's BS.
What was the PI LOL
Please Lord.
WHERE THE FUCK IS FOUL
Lmao fuck you Pittsburgh
Bad call for bad call love to see it
I LOVE OUR DEFENSE BRO
RAVENS BALL!!!!
What a bounce back play
LETS GOOOOOOO
BALL DOESNT FUCKING LIE
HUMPHREY'S NOT THE ONLY CORNER WHO CAN FORCE FUMBLES
FUCK YEAH!
BALL DONT LIE
MY SECONDARY IS RELENTLESS!!!!
Marcus!!!!! RAVENS STEELERS IS BACK BABY
FUCK THE STEELERS!
YàAaaaaaaaaasszs
Let these mofos play
Fuck yeah MP juiceman!!!
LFG!!!
Go Marcus!
FOOTBALL GODS WITH THE INSTANT KARMA BITCH
"MP PUNCHMAN

HUMPHREY PICK INBOUND"
Wow marlo is giving juiceman some tips and tricks
"It may have been a mental error on my part to start Claypool in fantasy... Ah well, fuck the Steelers!"
Interceptions are Overrated. Who needs them when your CBS cause Fumbles?
HAHAHAHA GET PUNCHED BITCH🥊
Let's go Petersssss
WELCOME TO BALTIMORE CLAYPOOL
MP JUICEMAN
Rollercoaster of emotions so far... another Bal Pit game. Let’s do this!!
"Steelers receivers and getting stripped by a Ravens CB, name a better duo"
Mp got revenge for that pi call
Fuck yes.
Ball don’t lie. Fuck the Refs.
Lmao Peters said fuck the refs
JUUUIIIICCCCEEEEEE
But guys I thought the game was over?
Ball don’t lie bitch
Juice man 🧃
Put a dagger in their hearts now please.
during the commercials just wanna say fuck the steelers and this is the greatest rivalry in football
This is the longest quarter ever
Fuck the steelers so much
#JK YOU FRICCIN MORON
Holy shit it’s almost like if we’re a run-centric offense we’re way more of a threat. Stonks.
Dobbins best balance in the league.
Mark Andrews with the fat ass block
Romo always sounds like he just woke up lmao
He needs more touches hes electric and the hand in the turf he looks just like Rice
"Boyle, Andrews, and Boykin with elite downfield blocking"
Wtf dude
Bad job by Lamar should have felt dupree
I FUCKING HATE THIS
Fuck we really needed points there. Lamar has to stop trying to force shit.
Killed that drive with Lamar run and then pass 🤦‍♂️
Why not keep running the ball
Lamar held it too long damn. What a crazy game already
It’s gonna be one of those games today huh
Drank some more
God damn dude
Common son
Why would you not run?
RUN RUN RUN
What a sloppy fucking game
Beyond pissed rn
"He should’ve taken off, he was already past the D linemen"
I’ve officially set fuck more times in the first quarter than I have ever before.
Goddammit
"Steelers d lineman are dirty as fuck, 96 just casually tackling lamar and falling on his legs"
You should know you xant hold the ball that long especially against that D wtf
We need a good OL to make Lamar feel comfortable. We have 0 push or pull in the Right side
"Ahh, I almost forgot what ravens steelers matchups were like. What a roller coaster"
O line is trash right now. Lamar needs to step it up and we need to just run the fucking ball when it’s 2nd and goal
Ngakue first sack as a raven and first safety incoming.
This is a classic purely better defense today wins
you gotta have better awareness Lamar
i mean he literally hit his arm before he hit the ball
Did lamar think bud dupree would just disappear after he juked him?
"I think I'm drunk already. That George Dickel... He'll getcha. 

Oh yeah, and this game is driving me to multiple refills."
They didn’t even get that off in time lol
"Our D is fired up man, I love it"
Open field tackles best tackles
"See how Steelers take shots? Even if it doesn’t work, it keeps our defence honest snd from being overly aggressive. We need to do that. There is none of that"
January football in November. Let's gooo
They can not move the ball on us
Believe in our defense
Looks like we're playing against the refs today too
Ref fucking us HARD on that spot
These refs trying to hand the squeelers everything right now
I fucking love Lamar lol
Tj fell flat on your face you bitch
NO FUCK
That play fake was shit though
Not like this
No Stanley fuck
Ah mega fuck this shit.
JFC.
PLEASE SAY SIKE
STANLEY FUCK NOO PLEASE
Fuck
FUCK NO FUCK FUCK
Well shit
Steelers killing our linemen.
Kill me
TUCKING STANLEY ARE YOU KIDDING ME
Fuck fuck fuck
Well fuck
We are fucked if we lose Stanley.
Fuck our lives right now
FUUUUUUUUUUCK that’s not good
I think thats gonna be season ending :(
That’s....extremely not good. You know he’s seriously hurt from his reaction
😭😭😭😭
Fuck that's really bad. That looks season ending.
OH FUCK
"not like this, please"
FUCK TJ WATT
"Yup, that ankle looks fucked."
Fuck this is bad
Fuck fuck fuck
This game is just so ridiculous at this point
NO
FUUUCK NO
FUCK THIS LOOKS BAD
Fuck that is bad
WTF happened with our Line? First poor play and now injury?!?! Ugh
Torn ACL. FUCKKKKK
Fuck tj watt
We shouldn’t even be surprised at this point lmao
Yup his ankle just snapped....
"Down two linemen before the half is over. I hate to be negative but damn, this isn’t looking good for us."
"Un fucking believable

Fuck TJ Watt"
Fuck fuck fuck
Fuck Fuck FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
steelers gunna feast on that side of the line now... love you ronnie get better soon
"""Ronnie Stanley is kill""

""no... """
Yikes invest in oline at the draft
This isn’t gonna be pretty
Holy fuck what a dumb decision
"He needs to be sure of himself, seems he's doubting himself alot. Throw it quick."
What’s the timeline on broken ankle if that’s what it is? Any chance at all he comes back for potential playoffs?
"Fuck my life, this is some bullshit"
"Gonna be real hard to overcome that loss. For one, LaMar is going to have to throw sooner."
O-line is about to have a very long game
"Trying to take it all in his shoulders. Truth is, with this line, he needs to get it out quick. I wanted deep shots, but that isn’t happening this game. Need to give him a chance and get creative with quick plays, he’s not going to have more then 2.5 seconds to get that ball out"
Great throw Ben!
Defense playing well at least
Big Ben out here seeing ghosts
"At the very very least, keep taking time off the clock and keep the d rested"
Watch for some sneaky stuff
THIS IS GONNA BE LIKE THE 2018 RAVENS WITH #1 DEFENSE CARRYING OFFENSE
if we win without stanley that says enough about this steelers defense
"Our defense is playing great, let's focus on that"
What's the timeline for broken ankles on linemen?
The Ravens will and should be known for defense
Man if we can get more TD before half we should win. D has their foot on their neck rn. We just need to finish drives
And if he is out for the season he will come back stronger next year. Still glad we extended him
No way is losing Stanley good but I think we will start running the ball more and more play action. Which should help Lamar. Again losing Stanley is terrible
it's still 7-7 and we have a stacked defense.  this game is not over! lamar needs to be better though. Go Ravens!
The bus is rolling
GUS BUS!!!
Gus singlehandedly gonna keep us in this game
All aboard the Gus  🚌
Our power oline is essentially in rn lmao
Can we just keep running the ball with RBs? Tired of us being cute in big games.
"Make way for the bus, motherfuckers!!"
"Gus Bus is the fucking truth, feed this man."
Best run defense in the nfl who??
🚌 🚌 🚌
GUS THE BUS
Man I'm just sad about stanley now
GUS BUS
Keep running. Play action to Hollywood. rinse repeat
Just keep pounding it. You make them slow down the pass rush and then open up throwing and some play action
#KEEP RUNNIN DA BALL!!!
Finally! RUN THE BALL
The squeelers D is too committed to stopping Lamar from running and it’s gonna cost them
Dobbins is so electric! Bozeman is having a hell of a game!
"*Ravens moving down the field super easily by running the ball*

Roman: let's throw it"
keep going roman don't fuck this drive up
Gus and JK are the future. Love it
#WE 2018 MODE TODAY. LET'S GO!! WIN FOR STANLEY
"Now that the Steelers are keying in, throw a nice PA over the LBs"
"Why doesn't Lamar just phase through the incoming pass rushers. Sure his O Line is hurt and letting in a lot of the rush in the pocket, but why does that affect him? No excuses Lamar, go invisible and they have no chance of affecting your passes"
"They say Lamar looks slow, bull shit."
Wow the run game is working....who woulda thunk it?
Our offense is playing better than their offense. Without the 2 turnovers...we’re up 3-7 and about to score again
Even hit at the line we are getting 4 yards a rush. Stick with it.
Run game opens up short passes.  Let's go
Don't get cute here.  Run.
"Lol, who's the guy that tried to tell me that the Ravens can't run the football almost every possession? Cause' that's essentially what's happening xD"
Wow! A guy is super open on pa after running it like 10 times in a row?? It’s almost like our 2019 game plan was really effective.
Respect to this O-Line two guys injured and we are running the ball well against a good defense. Let's give these guys praise for their improvement on last game.
And look how wide open he was due to the run game
Offense is coming alive!
"Looking just like 2019, run the ball to open up Lamar read options and the pass game"
I think we just turned into the 2018 Ravens
That’d be targeting in college
Damn he got rocked
Season has just been weird because we are trying to change our identity when we already have what works. Go back to what we do best and nobody can't stop us
BEEP BEEP
we're running all over this defense even without Stanley. pathetic.
this is the offense i miss
That's DIRTY AF straight to the head
We in this boys! We gonna get this for Ronnie!
Lamar got ducking popped on his chin.
THIS IS RAVENS FOOTBALL
Get bus'd
LETS GOOOOOOO FUCK YEAH
Now that's the drive we all asked. Roman must be on this thread lol
Smash mouth
I like that.  Keep running the fucking ball
"Pick 6 plz, fuck big ben"
So really we should be up at least 10 for all the doom and gloom
I cant believe I hated NE more for a couple years. Fuck this team in black and yellow. Fuck them to hell
We are DOMINATING this game
Eat shit Pittsburgh.
"LET'S FUCKING GO.

WHAT A DRIVE!

Running the ball down their fucking throats."
Edwards been balling all game
Back to our bread and butter let’s goo
GUS BUS
That vintage 2019 drive went down real smooth.
"My son, who's been involved with football most of his life, thinks the Steelers are overrated. Can't say he's wrong so far."
"Suck it long, suck it hard Trebek"
"Run the ball, win games. Ain’t that hard."
I’m just waiting to hear Ben talk shit about his receivers on Pittsburgh local radio tomorrow 😂
Fuck the steelers. #1 run defense can't handle two backup OLs. Bet they go for Browns legs next
Boys are settling in now. Beautiful drive.
Over 125 yards on the ground so far love it
Next season we gonna have a backfield of Dobbins and Edwards. Ingram is gone....this game proves it.
The score per quarter streak lives another quarter
I don't wanna hear anymore question about who the best defense is anymore
>LT Ronnie Stanley has been ruled out for the rest of the game with an ankle injury. - @Ravens
#RUN IT
Gus - Dobbins for our RB group next season!!
RUN THE DANG BALL ROMAN!
FUCK THE STEELERS
I'd take watching those running play drives ALL DAY over passing. That's so different compared to the rest of the league and fun to watch them weave through the holes
Ronnie has been ruled out w/ an ankle injury.
BEN ROETHLISBERGER IS TRASH HAHAHAHHAHAHA
This offense is best when it dictates and not when it takes what is given
Am I the only one who is loving this gritty dirty game? Feels like the old school slug fests and I’m here for it.
Ngakoue playing the run what I thought he didn’t do that per r/nfl
I fucking hate the way Connor runs. He’s so damn slow and uptight. He doesn’t bend over all all lol. It’s so dumb
oh shut he fuck up tj
Damnit.
Steelers taking notes from ravens on run game rn
"Even if you're good against the run, it doesn't mean you're good against Baltimore's runs."
First time Judon would get a flag for PF I’d support him for.
Ravens gotta be smarter than that. Can’t take dumb penalties.
fucking DAMMIT JUDON WHAT ARE YOU DOING
Prepare to get fucked by the refs
Drop Judon. Taco Bell changed him.
No way you can only call something on us there
Tj watt is not likeable whatsoever
Should be offset
Screw that Steelers player. He pushed one of our coaches trying to split it up
The only thing about this game is that Ben’s Jersey is still white. I want the Defense punish that old man
Judon again trying his best to negate a positive play by the team.
I would like to see offsetting penalties but I think it'll probably be on the Ravens
"Just offset the flags and get this game moving, Jesus Christ"
Lol peters isn’t wearing socks rn
Once again hurting ourselves
Think Hollywood will breakout in this game eventually?
The Fuck Judon?
Judon...
Trade Judon's ass
"~~Wow Judon wtf was that~~

Edit: Judon is innocent #FreeJudon"
"Goodbye Judon, wtf..."
"Fuck you refs, fuck you Judon"
Judon you dumbfuck!!
"Judon is such a fucking idiot, and I 100% blame the coaching staff for his undisciplined weekly penalties."
That wasn’t on purpose he was trying to wiggle free
Weak ass call
Lame ass call
LMAO fuck Judon
Fuck that was dumb. We’re not going to have enough guys left to finish this game...
Wowww Judon what are you doing!!
Glad the Ravens picked up 91!
"Lol Judon, what a dip shit"
"Deserved, see you next week^(but not next season)"
"Judson can fucking go. He has ZERO fucking self control. What a fucking dumbass . Act like a god damn adult, you don’t need to go wild and swing in every direction like a child throwing a temper tantrum"
Should be able to review a penalty that ejects a player
Lmao you punched an official you idiot
Ju-dumb
"Judon is a fucking idiot.

Hope he's gone next year. He's not worth it."
Dumbass.    Absolutely uncalled for
Fuck thats unlucky. That wasn't on purpose but I see why they ejected him.
Oh no.... anyway.
Judon: blame of the game
That was dumb af.
Judson needs to be cut.  Maybe Taco Bell can sign him.
Judon fucking us over with penalties? Nothing new here
Honestly fuck Judon don’t need him
[deleted]
Not a good look for Judon in a contract year
Anyone want a trade for judon?
Judon is gone after this year
Judon is fuckin gone after this year
Judon might as well not even bother trying to negotiate a new contract with us.
Yo the D NEED TO CHILL FK
Trade Judon
Campbell is his own wall lmao
Calais Campbell probs has the most pbus on the team this season
The refs are trash.
I fucking LOVE Romo as announcer
Everybody notice how far back their RT lines up off the line. We get called for that all the fucking time.
Joker
YOU FRICKIN IDIOT JUST GOT JOKERED!
Adda boy Matt earn that extension
Ravens living in their heads rent free
LETS PUT A SMILE ON THAT FACE
Lets run this bitch 😎
"Sack lunch, num num num num num"
BOONK GANG!!
I want another TD before the half since they get the ball to start the 2nd.
WHAT'S UP DESHON!!
Is the defense that good or is the Steelers offense this shit?
Still not as bad as when the guy was showing the ref he got speared in the chest and got ejected. Refs need to be held accountable for the bullshit they get away with
"Big ben is straight white trash lmao, pretty sure I saw him buying cigs and a PBR tall boy in a sheetz last week"
"Ben is done, he should just retire"
Hahaha ben has his poor wittle elbow hurt. Serves them right after taking out 3 of our starters
"I can’t wait until next week when I can watch a football game without campaign ads, if you’re still undecided you probably aren’t voting anyway lol"
"can you lot stop acting like judon was swinging at the ref? he was trying to get out of being held, yes he's dumb for trying to keep going. leave it at that"
If it's in pain he rehurt it
Ah yes Ben’s scheduled injury scare
What in the fuck lol
Lamar has to run forward to avoid TJ every play
"If Gus keeps getting 5 yards on 1st down keep doing it, don't get away from it please."
"Holy shit, Lamar! This game is killing my anxiety"
[deleted]
Wet ass ball
Lamar going to give me a heart attack this week.
Seriously just dropped it... what?
Athletic fumble recovery
Lamar gotta tuck it
Geez this has been a long half
RUN IT DOWN THEIR THROATS. THIS IS A PHYSICAL GAME.
He’s holdin that ball like a loaf of bread!
Lamar out here playing Basketball
Ah Lamar just trying to tease Watt all is good
Lamar about to give me a heart attack over here
I'm happy to see us running the ball down people's throats again
"The one thing Steelers fans were sure wasn't going to happen was that we would run all over their defense, and we have like 150 in the first half. That alone is making me chuckle"
Lamar is allergic to the football
JFC. Two picks and two fumbles for Lamar.
No catch
Lamar got lucky again
Any update on Stanley?
Not pick.  Horrible play by lamar but not a pick
Lamar doing his best Famous Jamais impression today
yeah lets not do that lamar pls
"Dude didn’t even have 2 hands on it, no way thats a catch"
Horrible throw and decision. Lucky it hit the ground. Should be overturned.
Nah not a catch. Lucky for Lamar.
He dropped that shit.
Not an INT
IncompleteIncompleteIncompleteIncompleteIncomplete
"What are these camera angles? Show the damn play, I don't want to look at a player's face"
"Not a pick, but holy shit Lamar. What is happening."
I think Llama is in his own head this year
That's getting called back
This is the most insane game I've ever seen already.
"Surely not a pick, right? He used the ground to control it"
Andrews was wide open...
"It’s incomplete, chill"
"bailed out, lamar can't make those mistakes"
That’s incomplete but the decision making is horrific
They better overturn that.
I can’t even blame Boykin for that one :(
I’m sweating bullets
Lamar run this shit
No fucking way that’s an int
" No way that's a pick, but FFS lamar."
I smell a blitz...
There offense hasn’t done shit. Keep running it down their throat.
"Lol, I was right about them blitzing, but I didn't think it'd be an outside blitz :O"
Protect OBJs legs at all costs
"If Tony Romo was my teacher in high school, all of my B’s would have been A-"
At least we aren't the rams 😂
Nice fucking run JK
What the fuck is that? I thought you just couldn't have 2 people moving at the snap.
That was a nice throw
Interested in how Ben is going to look after working his arm like that.
Willie eating today
Snead has been great in his limited opportunities so far this year.
Well done there Lamar. Let’s give him props when he makes a good throw
"I remember this steelers fan said we wouldnt be able to run because they stopped chubb and henry, oh boy"
Letting watt run free at Lamar is not smart
"We really play so well when we commit to run, our Passing downs become soooo effective.

But run 3 consecutive pass plays Greg loln"
Gotta check that down...
That’s a first
Agree with Romo there-we save that timeout and we can challenge the middle of the field
"I dont like this lamar down the middle stuff, its efficient and gets yards, but hes so open to being hit"
Please tucker. You’re the goat for a reason
MONEY
"We know he’s good, Jim!"
He was good from the 50 yard line!!!!
I think our offense is playing very well
Tucklove
Jesus fucking Christ Dobbins what an effort
Wtf he was out
Best kicker in the league eh Romo?????
GOAT
I love my kicker
"Hey Tony,  give Tucker some **respect**"
Meanwhile CIN is up on TEN 👀
51 yards has never looked so fucking easy.
I love Tucker
LETS GOOO
Miami is up 28 to 7
AUTOMATUCK
I fucking love tucker man
"Showed some major heart there man

really proud of this team

what a roller coaster"
2 scores up on one of our toughest opponents this season. I’m happy.
Best kicker in the league
Boswell could never
Good from 65+
AutomaTUCK
Lol where's the guy from 2 weeks ago saying Tucker was no longer in his prime?
This is a tough ass game. I don't like it but that team is good. Good half boys
I still don't care how crappy of a win a win is. It's still a win. And if it's a crappy win that next team's not going to look for you to be this amazingly explosive team. And they're going to let you go and then you're going to whip them and show who you are.
"Cowher, can ben open it up with a crabmeat elbow?"
Looks like a lot of good adjustments were made in the bye week
My stream is out of Pittsburgh and all these commercials are making me sick
Too much time
Um coverage?
2nd most rush yards allowed by the steelers in the first half in 25 years!
Cant let juju catch it if Marlon isn't there to punch it out
King koopa
these Steelers receivers are a lot softer than they used to be
"With Judon out, cut Yannick loose."
No flag.
I’d be fine with resigning bowser
"welp we got away with some DPI there. Lucky, glad to see a punt"
PI? If Johnson made an effort instead of giving up I can see a flag thrown.
Shut up Tony his palm was open on both.
Jimmy still got it 😝😝
Gimme another one of those long drives ending in a TD
The Ravens D played that possession great coming out of the half.
Let's burn some clock. If the Steelers keep taking shots they're going to get one eventually. Gotta deny opportunities and keep a margin
Why!!!!! Just why!!!
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
WHY ARE WE NOT RUNNING
And if you don’t like that you don’t like Greg Roman
"Are you fucking shitting me? 

WTF!!??"
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
LAMAR STOP THROWING PICKS FUCK
Madden Curse
"Wtf was that shit Lamar and greg why tf are you throwing it

Jesus that was awful"
Why the fuck aren’t you running
Triple option offense. Never pass the ball again
"who is it, who is calling these dogshit play"
Ahhhhhhhh I can't drink this much guys. What the fu k
Hell of a play though. Just not worth the risk.
Heart Attack Jackson: Are you not entertained?
Thanks lamar
Fuck Greg roman and wtf Lamar
GREG ROMAN. RUN. THE. FUCKING. BALL.
D must be tired. /s
Why don’t we run it lol
\-\_-
"Man this has been a long ass game and it's just getting longer and more difficult to watch haha, makes me almost want to laugh at this point that we just can't keep this team in check, keep on letting them into the game.  Gotta tighten up."
Just run the ball take it out of Lamar’s hands.
Do they know the half started yet?
"Why doesn’t Harbaugh go over and tell Lamar to calm tf down? I don’t get it, starter or not light a fire under his ass"
"Well that’s all on you lamer. Stop fading away, get back to the fundamentals"
man this is embarrassing we had a nice lead and momentum going into this half and its all gone
"That’s all on Lamar, cmon kid lead us and get us up!!"
Lol Lamar.
where's all the people defending lamar/OC now? Playing like shit and has the nerve to dial up a throw and terrible execution.
Now they right back in it. Fuck
We haven’t seen the fruit punch yet... It’s coming
I'm about to drive to the Bank myself and scream some better playmaking into these boys
why are we doing this shit over an extra point
Is Lamar throwing this game ?
I'm legit pissed off
Somebody tell Heart Attack this isn’t a playoff game.
Lamar's just playing 4-D chess and making questionable mistakes so us fans can watch a more competitive Ravens win 🧠
"All game Gus has been steadily gaining 4-5 yards on first downs, why stop."
"Feel like this is going to be another defensive win and Lamar gets bailed out again, or it’s all put on the D in some 4th Q play and they don’t make it happen, because no matter how good they are, it’s likely they’ll make one mistake if they’re out there for ages. 

Lamar needs to get his act together"
Here we go. Playing fucking like trash now. Ughhhhhh
I forgot hollywood and Andrews suited up today. boys have been non-existent.
WHO? lol
Of fucking course
Now the defense is losing some steam. 😡
What a fucking joke
BS penalty. Refs have been shit today both ways
Thats some serious bullshit
Steelers are cancer and we’re smoking and wading into toxic bogs and shit.
Haven’t seen a pass deeper than 15 yards thrown by us today
THE WR PUT HIS OWN ARM BACK
Who is this guy??
Has there been a single long pass attempt from Pittsburgh that we didn’t commit pass interference (or should have been called)?
And here comes the meltdown.
Defense starting to loosen up
Sack DADDY
And here comes the touchdown
yeah this is looking bad
"Ok this is not funny anymore, it's not halloween anymore ravens you don't have to scare me!"
The return of the Swiss Peas defense lol
"Absolutely blowing it out there.  Granted that was a really shitty PI call but still, this is going sideways fast."
I cant believe they are gonna have the lead
FUCKING TACKLE. Lamar's bad pass aside the defense has not looked focused out of the locker room.
Judon doesnt make that tackle.
...and that is the killer unless Lamar gets his shit together
"Fuck the Steelers


Fuck Conner


Fuck my fantasy team"
These division games just never come easy!
Can't wait for the o line injuries to be used as a crutch by everyone in the Ravens organization.
"We’ve got this, that was their first score off of a drive."
This is all on you Lamar
"Soooo... Kickoff return TD, anyone?"
We couldn't expect the defense to hold up this entire game. The amount of missed opportunities on offense is going to be the reason we end up losing. The only way we win is if our offense makes some kind of adjustment offensively. Like c'mon Roman. C'mon Lamar.
Steelers eat all the meat you toss into their mouths.
Okay time for a massive dab to deal with this bullshit
Let Dobbins cook
"This is a season defining game, just like last time last year in the first game vs PITs. Gutted that one out, need this or bye is gone and looking up to PIT/KC among others in the AFC. Do i have faith in Roman to adjust? lol no. Was holding out that Roman/Lamar to get cooking w/ the bye and it's just not there. This game was fucking free."
Sooo can we throw the ball deep?
The ravens always fighting against themselves.  Do what works.
We can’t keep laying offense eggs in big games.
 I’m scared every time he drops back to pass
Lamar looks lost
Here we go....freak out and throw it
What the fuck was that goofy ass run Lamar?
"Honestly, I hope someone fucking lights into Lamar. Yes, he's the face of the franchise now and he's a good guy, but he can't play like this and expect to win a playoff game, let alone a Super Bowl.

Fundamentals, decisions and throws today are all horseshit from him today. Truly. He is playing scared and careless at the same time. I get it's raining and Roman sucks but he is also at home and is in his 3rd year after a supposed offseason of work put in."
I mean we absolutely cant have another three and out.
They added diving head first to giving yourself up for running qbs... why are they allowed to dive onto him after on the ground
I hate Greg Roman. I seriously fucking hate him
How fucking lucky.
Can we not fucking fumble anymore
Every good play something bad happens lol.
Andrews has been open a lot today
Man the ball is slick today
Another fucking fumble
I knew that was gonna be fumbled. You could see it coming a mile away.
I fucking can't. I really can't do this to myself
"Another heart attack, this game is going to kill me"
Andrews wtf
Be secure with the fucking ball PLEASE
Now the OL sucks
Brilliant play call
3rd and 8 zone read love it
I'm so sick of Roman. So sick.
That play call was absolute shit
What the fuck are these idiots doing. Christ.
Why the fuck is justice hill on the field....
WTF was that play call
"Y’know, I’d hoped that after last year I wouldn’t have to worry so much about games getting so out of hand in the second half. It appears to be happening a fair amount again. Fuck."
Roman doesnt trust lamars arm on 3r and 8?
Wtf are we doing man
Welp
We went big and expensive on defence but we really need to work on our offence now
"a picture of swiss cheese and a picture of the ravens offensive line

*they're the same thing*"
Wide receivers have played like trash
Need a pick or punch out soon.
"We r so lucky he fell, there was a ton of room"
First time all season we're going a quarter without points
Our d has been so good. Need to hold this 3rd right here let's go baby
Jesus. That could've been like a 50 yard run if he didn't trip
Everyone ignoring that the run game is going to stop working once the Steelers just sell out for the run since the pass game isn't even remotely scaring anyone right now
The passing offense looks like they’re running plays from the yard on madden no joke
Thank you Defense.
Passing plays this season:  First option isn't there.  O-line is like a sieve.  Scramble to the Outside.  Throw it to an unexpected TE or RB.  Every damn time.
Our offense has to score. No 3 points this is 4 down territory the whole way
Has Lamar thrown a deep pass all season?
All my homies love the Ravens defense.
Orlando has a choice of 2 dudes to block and picks neither
"Excellent field position now, can't ask for anything more than that from your D and ST"
OFFENSE STEP UP DAMMIT
"Alejandro Villanueva is huge, he is actually 1 inch taller than Calais Campbell. I just noticed it from the camera angle behind his back"
Heart Attack likes going downhill. Let’s go.
do we have an o line
i try to stay off of the whole greg roman thing.. but he is absolutely terrible
"Great sacks to take. Sees pressure, steps up into a collapsing line again."
"this Oline is gonna kill us, not a shock without Stanley"
Fuck everything about being alive right now
I don’t even know what our game plan should be at this point. We gave up running the ball on more than one play per drive and the pass protection and general passing game is abysmal.
I hate it I hate it I hate it
"Jesus christ. 

Has Hollywood even had the ball thrown to him?"
How do they draft all these fast wide receivers that some how can’t get open?
Fucking pathetic
Even our completed passes were risky completions we need better wrs or better scheme
We get to the fifty and Greg Roman decides we’re a spread team anybody else notice that
"You can get away with no o-line or no wide receivers, but not both."
"Look at those Ravens receivers getting open! 

Said nobody, ever."
"Willie Snead, Mark Andrews, Miles Boykins

Only those 3 have caught something"
Can’t believe Willie Snead is the 2nd best WR on our team who thought that would be okay? Outside of Andrews everybody else is a number 2 or 4 at best
LAMAR HIT A DEEP THROW!?!?!?
finally lamar hits a deep ball
I’m on a stream.  I think I’m behind....
omg
Did that really happen
Holy fuck what a catch
What a throw
Where’s the Lamar can’t throw haters now
#ALL MY HOMIES LOVE DEVIN DUVERNAY
MOTHER
fuck the refs
Skura is absolutely getting ass fucked
Fuck off refs.  That isn't a hold.
THAT'S a hold?!?!
That's fucking bull shit
Holding?????
"Given how they don't call holding much, I kind of hate that call."
Don’t you just love getting fucked over by the refs
Wtf that was the shittiest hold call EVER
Of course it was a penalty
FUCKING REFS FORFEIT THE GAME FUCK THIS SHIT
Lamar you make me hate and love you all at once wtf.
Wow.. fucking bullshit
Fuck the refs
"Yikes, that's not holding"
THIS IS A FUCKING JOKE FUCK THIS
Yeah that's the one fucking hold all game.  Ok.
"A     Jackson touchdown is called back because of a holding penalty on  Skura.

&#x200B;

What is this even?"
I’ve seen so many O-line man get away with that.
FUCK THESE REFS
BULLSHIT PENALTY
Fuck you refs you don’t own us
"if youre a ref in this game, go fuck yourself"
Hard to beat the damn refs
# NEED IV SNEAD
That's not a hold wtf
These refs are heavily favoring the steelers. Fuck this
Another bullshit call.
Where was the hold? They didn't even mention how that was a bs call. Whatever.
refs dont wnat to fuck us over again here? fuck them
What a shit call
Steeler refs
I wish Jackson wouldn’t be friendly to Pitt players. He’s too damn nice lol
LOVE Snead this year!
Hey ref hold these
Snead pro bowl omfg.
That wasn’t holding. These refs need to be checked
That looked in
Now run it down the middle omg
"I've said it before, snead gets some flak but he always has our ass"
I swear NFL refs and calling holding makes no sense. They call the smallest stuff but guys get away with obvious holds.
Hollywood is just out there running around
He’s in.
Bad throw
His right knee is down
"damn that's close, idk if it's enough to overturn tho"
That’s a catch in real time and in slow come on now
Are they actually going to ignore that laughable ghost hold?
of course biased refs call it incomplete first and now there wont be enough evidence to overturn
Don't think they would overturn either way with this one.
I have no clue what to think here
Offense showed up
"I think knee was just on the line... 

Edit: If it were called a TD, they wouldn't overturn it, but since it was called incomplete, I think they might not overturn that either."
"You only need the shin, the shin touched first. This just happened to the rams earlier today."
Whatever happens after this game something needs to happen with our receiving core! Jesus man.
The knee isnt obvious....we arent gonna get that
"Yeah, we're not winning this. Harbs challenged because he/the team had already used so much time thinking about it and looking at the Jumbotron that they would've had to use a timeout anyway."
Its already been confirmed as not a TD.
I hate NFL refereeing. That holding call against the Ravens happens EVERY FUCKING PLAY in the NFL.
Doesn’t matter we still got it lets go
BROWN TOWN POPULATION 6
"&#x200B;

*Touchdown Ravens!!!!*"
THAT ONE is good!
Took a little longer than we hoped but we got it anyway
Review that!
TOUCHDOWN
Yessssss
"They took away a beautiful run by Lamar 

Pain"
should've had the td on the run but I'll take it
Can't take that one off the board ya cunts
I'm surprised ref did not try to break that pass
Don’t matter you whiney bitches
At least we ran some time off the clock. Silver lining I guess.
That one's in bounds
"That was fearless.

What a route and what a throw!"
Touchdown!
CALL INCOMPLETE NOW MOTHERFUCKERS
Still got it lol
Where all those dinguses at that said Hollywood is too small?
Hollywood is a beast
BACK TO HIM. NO FOUL REFS? NO PENALTY?
Lets go DEFENSE
I’ll be damned. I wasn’t expecting this. I’m pleasantly surprised.
FUCK YEAHHH THE OFFENSE STEPPED UP LETS GOOOOOO BOYSSSSSSSSS
Lamar is turning it up in the fourth stunt on them last 3 quarters😭
great drive. prob gonna come down to the last one anyways
Lamar making up for at least one of the Ints with that drive. Some good plays to get that TD.
Omg man
"Heart Attack Jackson, I praise you and doubt you, sometimes on the same play. You have no dramatic equal, ever."
"That's a horrible call

Edit. Thank you they came to their senses."
I fucking hate NFL referees
Refs didn’t fuck us celebrate!!
Why did Bonds give up on that?
What the fuck was 38 doing
#38 can't just stop
38 gonna get shit for that film. Walked away like it wasn’t a catch.
Take that UDFA outa there
WHO THE FUCK IS BONDS?
These penalties are killing us man
Undisciplined ass defence.....
Get bonds tf outta here
WHO THE FUCK IS BONDS
Is this the most undisciplined Ravens squad of all time? Holy fucking shit
Uh 38???
Get this fucking Bonds bloke off the team.
It wasn’t bonds
"Just walk away, wtf"
"Lol, Bonds"
Get that fuckin random off the field
"Bonds, what’s the first thing they teach you in any sport"
Get this nigga bonds outta the fuckin game
Who is this bonds guy get him out of here
GET BONDS OFF THE FIELD
Oh clark yeah he face masked
Damn I miss averett
Where tf did Bonds come from and why is he still on the field?
"Bonds has played fine for a UDFA, cut him some slack"
Some generous spots...
Averett got injured as soon as he started playing good smh
Man oh man we're giving it away
How have we not picked off captain fat fuck yet
And another Dpi. Fml.
Steelers shouldn't even be in this one with how bad they looked in the first half.
Throw it to ref at this point
STOP WITH THE FUCKING PENALTIES JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
Come the absolute fuck on with these P.I. penalties. We deserve to lose this shit if they can't cut it out.
Omg the penalties
What the fuck is with these penalties
I'm about to get the D-cell batteries out for these fucking refs
Refs calling everything
Refs on Steelers payroll.
We’re getting fucked by penalties
Jesus
"I didn't quite catch that last DPI penalty, was it at all legit or what?"
Someone cover the ref he about to run a route
Hate refs.
Our 9 penalties to their 3
Haha 85 penalties yards
Are these pick plays legal?
How they gonna put the softest refs on the Ravens/Steelers game?
Mother of all things holy what the fuck is this shit?
Unbelievable.....
can the offense learn some things from these screens and pick plays
Fuck the refs man.
Just do not fucking go 3 and out here.
Alright let's do it again
This is the worst officiating I've seen in my life I think. What an absolute joke holy shit!
Clutch moment
"On their 3rd down screen conversion, the steelers committed blatant OPI right in front of the refs.

No call."
"This has been a physical ass game. I love it. Not a fan of losing but this has been a great game, per usual when we play the Steelers. We gonna be alright guys"
Fuck the refs man.
We need a long drive to give the d a rest.
you can’t take that many penalties and expect to get stops come on lamar mvp for a reason
These refs better have 5 or 6 calls lined up for us
We just need a clock eating drive capped off with a TD. Pound the fucking rock.
Refs handing them the game so fucking stupid
They can't stop the run. Keep running please
Brownies lost
"Last year I'd be excited to see this team run down the field, but this year I feel like I'm having Flacco ptsd, my heart can't take these games."
Shit like this makes me not even want to watch the NFL when the refs just give them the game
It's clear Dobbins and Gus are our best offensive players and we still try to force to Andrews and Hollywood
Keep pounding the rock!!
GUS BUS!!!!!!!!! LETS FUCKING GO BOYS!!!!!!!!
I am fucking in love with Gus
LETS GOOO RUN IT
Truly amazing that running works. Who would have thought.
Just. Keep. Running. The. Ball.
KEEP. RUNNING. THE BALL!
Can this game PLEASE be the nail in the coffin for Roman stubbornly keeping Ingram as the #1 back
Roman will pass now
Yes keep running!
LOOK WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE FUCKING RUN I NEVER WOULD HAVE GUESSED
Ricard blocking his ass off
We going 2018 on these bastards
This guy is awesome. I hope dobbins sticks around for awhile.
Well that was a missed facemask
We are so gonna win the big12 this year!
keep running please
I will shit myself jk or Gus scores they deserve it
Fuck man Dobbins here’s my credit card not like you’ll need it
"JK is Ray Rice 2.0, now without poor decision making ability when off of the field"
"Who gives a fuck, run run run."
Dont leave them any clock.
This 3rd down makes me nervous
My heart can’t handle this 3rd down
Lamar to Andrews for a TD let's go.
Man the outside was there I think
So annoying
Don't get it and the games over
Go for it
My heart can’t take this anymore LOL.
Somebody hold me
The good thing is it’s only week 8...but fuck this is nerve racking
Jesus I swear we just don’t want to win this game.
#LET'S FUCKING GO MY BODY IS READY
**BELEE**
"Shouldn't have ran at 2nd down and 7. Should've thrown the ball there.

Now we are backed into a tough spot on 4th and 3."
This place is going to explode when we score this TD!!!!
Give it to Dobbins.
We need 3 yards and have run on them all game. Time to call an Option Run
time to pray for something big
Let Dobbins eat
I'm hoping for a Steelers penalty somehow
That was the play they chose.....
They knew that was coming
What the fuck is our coaching staff doing
Fire Roman yo I’m done with this offense.
Fuck Skura
And he fumbles it. Idiot.
Fire greg roman
What. The fuck.
another horrible playcall yikes
Bruh
Greg Roman defenders in shambles.
I FUCKING CALLED IT. THEY RAN IT UP THE FUCKING GUT
Why would we run the most obvious fucking play??? That’s gonna be a QB draw EVERY time in this situation from 5 wide and they knew it
Empty backfield????? Really??????
smh lamar...tf u doing today?
"2 interceptions, 3 fumbles, 2 lost fumbles for lamar."
5 wide draw? go fuck yourself whoever is making that call
That was fucking dreadful
These runs up the middle are not fooling anybody
"the whole stadium knew that was coming

huuuge call there, bud."
Maybe defense can win this one...
fuck... that is all
That was so a desperate play.. gg
He win us some and lost us some too
I need Humphrey doing Humphrey things right now
Need a miracle here
pathetic
Shitty ass play call
Well at least we didn't lose to Cinci.....
Steelers-Ravens  on Thanksgiving night is going to be so much fun.
I’m really curious about our success with 5 wide. I don’t think we ever have anything good come out of it
Is cam heyward hurt? Or did he fake that bs to stop our momentum
Can't blame the refs when your turning the fucking ball over.
"5 out on the 8 yard line. You mean to tell me you would rather have our back up wideout on the field and not JK or Gus. Enjoy your next team Roman, you’re a fucking clown"
DEFENSE
It aint over yet folks
ESHHHHHKEEET
Holy shit good stop
Penalties and turnovers fucked us.
"Queen, I love you."
Wish we had timeouts
Defense was great this is on Lamar Roman and the still sputtering offense
Come on lamar
Lamar I love for ever if we get this TD
Ron Stanley died for this.
BLOCK. THAT. KICK.
Still don’t trust Roman
If we win here would this be Lamar’s first game-winning drive?
Lamar has only gone downfield once. I say call a go for Hollywood and take a chance.
STAY ONSIDES!!
MVP time...
I believe come on boys
So this is whats going to happen... Pitts brings the blitz and shreds our line! Game over
Ravens D. Gotta love it. Ray and Quick should be proud.
"Greg Roman: ""Down by 4? Need a TD? No timeouts? LET'S RUN IT!!! They will never expect it!!!"""
Chuck it to Andrews or Hollywood outside
My heart is going to fail
Fuck Ben’s smug fucking face
Flacco check down
Really dumb
Andrews you’re killing me
"That was a bad throw by Lamar, Andrews was wide open"
CLOCK IT
Time back on the clock!
10k comments JFC
Fucking bullshit by Hayward
That helps us a lot here. It's a Pitt TO and could add time to the clock
Injured defender is a Timeout
Either more time on the clock or penalty
This game has been brutal either way
Time for some crazy Lamar shit.  We need it now.
Im rooting for you guys! From a bills fan.
Fucking classic ravens steelers match up. I've missed these
No PI?
That’s a flag on 31
Damn...
Our play calling from beginning to end... Just horrible. We are constantly bailed out by the talent we have. And that’s been for multiple weeks not just today. Defense is a top 5 yet again. I think our oline depth isn’t as a glaring need than a true No 1 WR
Fuck these fucking Trump ads. There are 4000 fans sitting in the Bank but we took on this virus and beat it? Fuck off.
"Not gonna lie, TJ Watt is getting a lot of hits in on Lamar and they're not even warning him. The refs are going to get our boy killed if they don't start calling shit fairly"
And THIS is why that challenge was stupid. Should have conserved the timeouts
"Guys, Watt missed the tackle and his momentum took him into Stanley - chill"
"""Their plan will kill jobs""


Trump's COVID failure has killed over 300,000 people and we have record high unemployment..."
"Well, I know game threads are known for exaggeration but if Stanley is out for the season, that's our season done."
Jackson ain’t going to survive this game.
Helmet to helmet. Call that shit
"I'm pretty sure ""eject every player who touches a ref"" isn't in the rules, but ""the officials can override the rulebook whenever they want with no consequences"" certainly is"
Fuck the ref pull your mask up dumbshit
Funny how every team we play every week turns into perfect little angles who don't commit any fouls...
[removed]
Booing an injured player is a bad look
"Clearly should have put more time on the clock, clearly should have given us a DPI call on the final play.  The refs were pretty unfair to us in this game."
[deleted]
what up my dudes. fuck the steelers.
"Just pointing out the bias and hive mind bs, but if that was Boykin dropping that screen this sub would be losing its shit. Y'all wanted Duvernay after blaming Boykin for bad throws week in and week out.

But hey, we can't say anything bad about Lamar... As he throws the easiest pick 6 some no name scrub has had in his entire career."
Ok tequila is out
Fire Roman. He has taken a system that works well and created success and has butchered it for no reason. It's obvious that improvement is not coming.
That was ALL on Lamar
"Sidearm throw with no pressure, no velocity. Clean pocket, didnt step into the throw. He's getting lazy with his fundamentals"
This beer is 14% abv. Wowzers.
Yo some of y’all are so delayed lmao
GET RID OF THE BALL
Lamar gotta be aware of your surroundings man
Watt is a dirty fucking player
"I’m pissed that Stanley is hurt, but how can y’all actually believe Watt did that intentionally? Are you watching the same game as me?"
My dad just said that TJ Watt has little brother syndrome. So fucking true
"Lamar is out there playing like a rookie and THEN we lose 2 OL players?

If he doesn't learn how to throw NOW, we're not going to the playoffs."
Can’t wait to see judon in another teams jersey
That was a bad call against Judon though
That was unintentional he shouldn't be disqualified
Judon has made a lot of dumb plays in the past but that wasn't one of them. Totally accidental.
"For the love of all that is holy, please stop trying to turn the ball over, Lamar lol."
Pit has hurt 3 players in one half
Refs trying to fuck is again
Ravens are dominating. The only ones keeping Pittsburgh in this game so far is Baltimore themselves.
Pittsburgh lucky as hell they’re not down 24-0
"Couple things:

How this season is going, I'm legitimately surprised any time we complete a pass at this point. I had more confidence in that 51 fg just now than I've had on any of our pass attempts today



It's all good though because the D is suffocating and the run is punishing"
Shit wasn’t even catchable
Jimmy got away with a lil hold ngl
"Idk why, but always seeing Lamar laugh it off whenever he fucks up makes me more upset than the mistake itself"
"This is all on Roman. Why. Why throw. Why?????

I’m not defending the pass. It was awful. But that call should never have been made. Never."
This is the worst game I've seen Lamar play. He's not even getting pressured on his INTs. This is embarrassing.
This team really needs 1 ring before Lamar's rookie deal ends. I am legit worried about his lack of growth as a passer. Reminds me of 2013 RG3.
Disgraceful referees fuck the NFL
"The receiver ran off the field in disappointment thats how you know it wasn't PI at all, fucking disgrace"
">	Jim, look at Mahomes make it look so easy"
Lamar is two more INTs away from getting benched.
Can't wait for all the hot takes about how Lamar
Sure let's run a fucking option on 3 and long
"I’m sorry Ngakoue, you haven’t come to the contenders that you had originally thought"
The whole offense is to blame. Can't pin it on just one person. Literally everyone has fucked up.
"In all honestly though, this is a damn good defense we’re playing"
"These cuck refs are doing everything they can can, typical"
It's a TD but refs won't give it to us. Kinda like how the hallucinated Skuras hold
That’s not a TD guys. His knee is clearly out of bounds
Claypool fake AF with that PI on humphrey. Next time earn a TD
"Elite QBs go take the lead right here

And then have the defense give up a game winning drive culminating in an Antonio Brown TD on Christmas."
"WHERE THE FUCK HAS THIS GAMEPLAN BEEN?

We are adjusting on the fly and attacking, sticking to what we do best. Where was this against LAC, TEN, and KC? Why don't or can't we do this every game."
"Two wide open targets across the middle and Lamar gets happy feet for 2 yards...

Just not very good today."
Fire Greg Roman. Who goes empty on 4th down with Gus and jk lmao I fucking hate this teams coaching staff
play calling ruined the game
damn so many bandwagon fans in this thread w/o lamar this team wouldn’t be shit
SNEAD I LOVE YOU!!!!
Andrews was fucking walking there. Run your fucking route
LOL no sympathy for him after pulling that fake injury earlier to buy the Steelers time.
Fucking gifted a win
HOW do you not add time.  BULL. Shit.
Fuck these refs and these cheating steeler bastards
Hit to the head shouldn't have been called but absolutely would have been against us
Can the player of the Blame be this crappy refereeing?
We can’t expect too much with turnovers and penalties.
Let's be honest...their play calling seems almost WWE .
Stanley's out for the year :((((((
"we beat ourselves today. shot our own foot but the bright side is that we know what we gotta do to keep winning. I ain't worried, just keep running the ball, minimize mistakes and get revenge on Thanksgiving 😈"
Can y’all stfu now? I don’t like watt but he didn’t do it on purpose.
Lamar was robbed that rushing td
[removed]
but we're still 5-1 right guys? we shouldn't complain right guys? it'll all come together right guys?
"Ah ew fuck it's another Trump ad. Fuck off, Trump, I don't give a shit about this or you."
"Can you guys stfu about Roman? He got a single pass and people are calling for his head acting like he called a ridiculous double end around flea flicker to Nick Boyle deep. 

If you can't trust your qb to not make these mistakes idk what you want him to do."
"""we'll rebuild this nation with strength""


Bruh trump needs 2 hands to drink a glass of water and can barely walk down the stairs without tripping..."
"Fuck TJ dude, late hits all day, ""accidentally"" falls into the back of the knees of one of the best tackles. Dirty fucker"
"Ravens - 24

Refs/Lamar - 28"
I fucking hate Watt....feels like he plays to hurt people
People are fucking dumbasses for thinking that was a dirty play by watt
our line needs to kill TJ Watt
...And not a word about Tucker being the GOAT from Romo. That guy is such a douche.
I'm throwing my TV out the window if i see another Trump ad.  Why is he wasting money in MD.  He has no shot of winning here.
I think fans have forgotten that Roman is only good for about 2 seasons before he becomes stagnant look at the Kapernick 49ers they had a hot run then fell off. Lamar is a talent among talents and we're probably gonna be 6-1 after this game but the fact remains that we should've signed AB to give Lamar an actual WR1 instead of trying to turn a slot like a Hollywood into a #1 because he isn't one.
We haVe tO rUn tHe BaLl!!!!!!
Our pass offense is non existent. I hope you idiots that thought we were actually WOrkInG On THe pASe GAme shut up from here on out. We don’t have a pass game period.
Was that a good enough pass for you fairweathers?
"Booing an injured player, not classy."
The refs are slowly killing the game. They don't even know their own effing rules.
"We gotta remember we actually looked really good for most of that game. Take away one of those picks (mistakes happen, but can’t let them keep happening) and some terrible calls by the refs and that’s a game we dominate. You can’t say the season is over after watching that."
Fuck TJ watt all my homies hate TJ Watt
That roll up by Watt wasn’t purposeful. Stop wishing for his injury
Man all y’all are acting like this isn’t THE rivalry game of the NFL. Even when the Steelers are bad this game is a dog fight man! Quit whining and have faith in the kings of the north. (Stanley injury is a good reason to be upset but we have a full game here)
Go go go go go no you moron good job.
Tj watt is a dirty piece of shit
"Fuck the Steelers.

All my homies hate the Steelers."
Get TJ Watt off my damn screen. They should show the highlight of Lamar stiff arming him into the ground ..
Wide open down the sideline and he wants to throw the spot when there’s 2 defenders around nice
"That 2nd down play call was beyond fucking moronic, 

RUN the goddamn ball Greg you twat"
"Lamar just won't take safe passes. He forces the first option. He needs to be coached into working a passing game properly, it doesn't seem like the offensive staff is willing to develop him."
Good job on giving us the 1st. Maybe they stop hitting as late after that
THIS IS GUNNA BE DEZ IN A FEW WEEKS BOIS TOSS IT UP TO DEZ
"It's not the fact he's turning the ball over. That happens.

It's the fact it's happening on avoidable shit like a late throw when someone else is open, or triple-clutching. Come on, man."
Stop throwing the damn ball. Rushing outside works on them
Delay of game.
We can move the ball good it looks like we just HAVE TO HOLD ONTO IT!!!
Done. This o line is swiss cheese now.
Was that a dirty hit to look like an accident?
That's more than likely the season for him. Definitely wasn't intentional on Watt
"Lamar making terrible decisions out there. I think he’s just trying to make too much happen by himself, but damn what a reckless throw."
"Watt has always been a dirty player. Watch his college highlights, always went low for the knees and ankles."
"This game has been super lopsided so far, but the scoreline doesn't show it because of that pick 6"
"Not asking for a flag, but that's head to head contact"
What dirty pieces of shit that team is. Actively encouraging injuries
"How was that hit from Fitzpatrick not a penalty, he led with his helmet and hit Lamar in the helmet?

Edit: I wasn't aware of the rule that he was a runner, thanks for clarifying fam"
These refs are such pansys
Ref fucking sold that one. FUCK THAT
"I really don't enjoy the Judon slander on this sub, he's done everything we've asked of him, plays a way more versatile role than most edge players"
Fuck. Gus Bus may have a flat.
Are we worried about Lamar yet? What is going on with him lately??
DO NOT BLAME THAT ON BOYKIN
Harbaugh needs to talk to Roman after this game. I swear we're good for at least 2-3 illegal formations or illegal shifts a game
Say something romo.
Got away with that one
Get Roman the fuck out of Baltimore
why is Lamar smiling after that mistake.
"Welcome back into the game. 

Love, 
LJ"
Awesome that we are terrified for our QB to throw the ball on any play
It would help if Lamar's best receiver wasn't a TE that everyone knows he going to go to because the others aren't getting separation.
This offense is so stale under Roman. I think we can assume last year will never happen again. It was the outlier.
Our mental is broken. That interception was fucking terrible
Enough of this soft zone bullshit please you may as well just lay down and let Ben squat and take a shit on all of your collective chests
"Whaaattsss up fellow Ravens fans, time to smash that self destruct button"
"So jealous of their WR corp 

Fuck"
How the fuck are they losing this game. Why does Lamar always turn to complete shit in every big game? Jeez man
"Bro wtf is our play calling, we go into half gashing them up the middle and GRo decides nah let's abandon the 1 thing that was working for us, literally have this issue every game idk why we're tryna be cute"
Let’s take Judon and Roman to a farm upstate
"Cut dead weight. Roman, judon, justice hill, all of our OLB corps. 

It's sad when Snead is our best WR and our best play other than the Gus Bus is a 34yd pass. 

When's the last time weve had an absurdly long TD? Last season?"
Why dont we run on 2nd and 8
"I don't know why we keep going empty lol, it's just a giant sign that we're definitely throwing the ball and they can sell out"
"Stop blaming this whole game on play calling. Our receivers fucking suck, if they can’t run a slant that’s their fault, not Roman’s."
Love it. Ravens do good while in working. Come out on lunch to a choke fest. Fucking love it.
"No matter what happens today, or the rest of this season..we can all take comfort in knowing there's no chance in hell Roman will be the OC next year."
"Duvernay, Proche, and Dez need to replace these bum ass receivers we have starting."
"bum ass fucking refs, there needs to be an investigation into the refs after this game"
"Regardless that is unnecessary. The throw was so bad
 There is no reason it should be this close"
That play right there is the perfect example of great design by Roman but shit execution on the field.
Steelers should lose a timeout for that injury
Don't say Roman doesn't call runs when we're down lol
Good AFC news is Titans might lose and Browns lost
Dobbins was open man
Fire Roman
"Running was the right call, just not having Lamar run it. Good game, Pittsburgh."
That is on Greg Roman. Shit call. Emptied the damn backfield
What an awful game. Lamar and play calls
Greg Roman is STILL a hack
"Ain’t over quite yet, my friends."
Should have kept running
Please stop booing. He’s probably actually hurt
Wtf. Are they booing heyward?
Unfathomable that time was not added.
Burn in hell Steelers
"I'm mad at Lamar, but I'm more angry at Roman..."
A lot of people in here cursing watt but I didn't see any way it was intentional on his part.
Steelers are playing dirty as fuck
oh fuck this is a Trump ad on my gamepass ew
Another bonehead play from Lamar. Dude is hesitating way too much.
"TJ Watt didn’t even do anything lmao


Guy was doing his job tackling Lamar and unfortunately rolled into Stanley’s ankle. I get being pissed in the heat of the moment (especially with the way TJ has been playing today already) but this one ain’t on him"
"Lamar shrinks in big games, 2 turnovers in the first quarter. Beyond disappointing."
TJ Watt is such a dirty fucker
Get Watt's cock out of your ass Romo
"Lamar has been playing poorly, but it all starts with Roman IMMEDIATELY abandoning the run, after the Ravens dominated the Steelers by basically running it every down."
"Pros: defense got the ball back to Lamar 


Cons: Lamar now has the ball"
Better throw had the TD
Its so easy to see how KC and LA got sick of Peters being either a hall of famer or a street free agent on any particular play...
"Man coming off the best CoD since BO1 in MW, and then announcing it as a “Cold War” game my hype for CoD was through the roof, but the beta sucked and everything I see about it just looks so lacklustre. Very disappointing"
TRADE INGRAM AND JUDON
"Clock mismanagement , if we lose what a fuck up"
Lamar lost us this game and some of you can’t handle that
I love Lamar but today fuck him
And Fuck these Trump commercials.
Stuck overseas and gamepass won't show the game for some reason. Can anyone link me to a stream?
My body is ready
Bill cowher is a fucking hack
Bro the won’t get off the Steelers dick at all. This amazing D lost to RG triple sticks.
Ravens 31 Steelers 17
"IN JEDEM SUB WO TROLLE BAITEN

GIBT'S LEUTE, DIE AUCH STEELERS HATEN.

UND IST DAS SUB AUCH NOCH SO KLEIN,

DIE STEELERS SOLL'N GEHATED SEIN!"
Am I like the only one here that is like fucking hyped that we have Romo lol I miss him so much
Ngl I thought we were the underdogs today
Of course there’s bad weather...sigh. Hope Lamar can throw a wet ball today.
FUCK THE STEALERS LETS GET THAT DUB
Let’s goooooo
I don't think it's healthy how much impact days like today have on my overall happiness in life
Let’s goo bitches
Lamar body by banana. Ben body by fried nanner.
Let’s go boys. Gotta play physical and disrupt their timing. Offense has to attack their aggressive blitz.
Here we go monkaS
"Gulp, here we go"
Lego
Good to see at least a few people in the stands
All aboard the gus bus
LETS FUCKING GO
Let's do this 😎
Let's gooooo
These fucking screens wtf
I'm glad they kept the **MO** in the end zone and not just one and done.
That play was getting blown up regardless
awful Lamar throw #1 of the day
Fuck
Awful throw
Yikes
wtf WTF
"Lol, this is quite trash."
"Well, Fuck. This is gonna get rough"
Lol wow when you defer that is the start you want.
that's not ideal
Oof
"Today's my bday.  I can care less about gifts, I just want my Ravens to get a dub and hand the Steelers their first loss! Let's gooooooo"
Wtf just happened
Bruh
Don't think that's how you start an nfl game.
Ok....time to get one of those ourselves!
Atrocious throws so far
Watt always taking shots
Oof we get 3 plays of enjoying this game it feels like lol
Okay let's try this again.
Okay Boykin. More of that please
Not ideal
That wasn't the greatest start
lol absolutely pathetic. Two weeks to prepare coming off the bye...
Great throw and catch by Boykin.
Great throw!!
Is it gonna be one of those games again?
Lol how long till we abandon the run?
Finally
Late hit
Watt is trying to rip his legs out
I was going to say how was not a late hit
throw the fucking ball
well thats a gift
Steelers corners not even looking at the receivers outside. Backs are turned to them. Daring them to throw anything outside the numbers.
Oof this is rough
These penalties again
ANOTHER PENALTY FOR OUR 100 MILLION DOLLAR MAN FEELS GOOD
Damn these OLBs are hitting Lamar in every down
Wow. We do not look like a team that had a bye. What the fuck.
2 drops already even though that second one is negated by a penalty.
Good lord its gonna be one of those games 🤦‍♂️ fml
This offense is fucked.
Its going to be a long day on offense
I really questioning trading Hurst tbh
"Just because Lamar gets the ball doesn’t mean he’s establishing himself as a runner, he can’t be hit every time he hands the ball off"
snead so damn slow lmao
"&#x200B;

*Willie Snead for 34-Yards!!!*"
Need for Snead!!!!
Snead with a nice run
Great presence by Lamar that play
I hope we abuse Spillane the rest of the game
I am slowly beginning to regret taking Lamar 3rd overall in fantasy this year 😬😔
Snead appears.
Bless you boys
Please get 7 and not 3
You know they’re going to be whining about that legit roughing the passer
There we go.
"Still a sidearm throw though! Wtf! Mechanics. 

I also think we need to use Snead better. I feel bad for him."
"Fucking hell, they’re wasting these downs"
I hate that naked bootleg shit.
Wtf
Thank you
Welcome back BOYKIN
Boykin I’m sorry
boykin did something nice
DOTTTTTT
Boykin!!!! Welcome back my man!!!!
What a throw!!!!
Damnit Phillips.
BOYKIN WAS READING REDDIT AND HE LIKE OKAY IM GOING OFF TODAY
OK BOYKIN
Lamar needs to run that...
Jesus Christ.
Nice fucking catch boykin
[deleted]
Dez who!!!??
These plays fuckin suck
Time to break Ben
But guys we’re gonna lose!!!
LETSSS GOOO
Gorgeous throw
Boykin’s really showing up today
We got our self a game
THERE WE GO!! Look at how we misdirect when we fucking run 2x then pass
BIG BOY BOYKIN
"L L A M A 


L A S E R"
I’m excited to see this defense with ngakoue
Shouts out Boykin once again
Thank you! What an answer!
Great play for the corner TD
Ngakoue time!
Great fucking throw
Yay. Fuck the Steelers
Like that we turned this into a long drive. Pick six meant the defense had to stay on the field almost 7 minutes to start the game. Start wearing them out early.
Boykin always just needed to learn to run routes. His physical stats are good he just needs route running.
our turn for a turnover
We needed that. Did not want to settle for 3 there and it is really good to see Lamar dropping dimes again. That was a great drive for our overall confidence.
Lamar is way cooler than me. Ya gotta love seeing shrug off a horrible mistake and drove right down the field.
"That was a great call there, they brought a lot of pressure and Lamar stayed calm. Now the Defense needs to come out and do what the Steelers did to start"
LETS FOOOOOOOO
Glad the bois bounced back. Forget that first interception it’s a new game
That was a beautiful pass
FLAIR UP
You're a pussy Jake from State Farm
WELCOME BACK TO FOOTBALL MYLES
Big day Yannick come on
This game is giving me angina
Low key loving how tight this game is already!!
What is the percentage of kick returns that have an illegal block in the back called on them?
bruh Tua got sack stripped dont even care lets goooo Ravens
That drive would've died out and been a 3 and out with most other QBs in the NFL
James Conner too slow to turn the corner against our LBs
Remember when Ebron said he was the best TE in the division? Lmao
???
BRUH
What the fuck did he do????
WTF peters you dumbass
Steelers fans didn’t y’all just complain about flags? Youre WRs soft
Uncatchable and he didn’t really do anything
That’s such bull
We're even now
Kind of a weak call ngl but not awful either
That wasn’t catchable... wtf
but.........where?
I wonder if the Steelers sub will recognize how bs that call was...but probably not
What?!
Wooooo
That's baby soft
Fuck yeaaaaaaa
Lets fucking goooooo
LETS GI
Payback bishhh
Claypool is a bitch
Fumbleeeee
Fumble!!
LETS GO PETERS THATS A COMPETITIVE MAN
Marlon been teaching Marcus his craft over the bye!!!
Way to make up for that Peters!
Oh my gosh! LET'S GOOOOOOOOO!!!!
God I love playing the Steelers
Oh yeah.
BALL DONT LIE BITCH
Now that's Ravens football
lol really?
FUCK YOU REFS THAT BALL WASNT EVEN CLOSE TO THE STEELERS RECEIVE R
BALL DON'T LIE
Ead you fucks!
Let’s gooooo Peters!!!
JUICEMAN
Fuck these refs
Marcus got me feeling like 👁👄👁
BALLL DONT FUCKIN LIE LIL HOE
Oh Yeah BayBEEEEE
YESSSSSSSSSIR
fuck the steelers
The poetic justice is boner inducing
LETS GOOO 😈😈
Bitch
Gonna be a battle...
Claypool is a great player. That hustle was incredible even if the call stands that we get the ball.
I LOVE THIS DEFENSE!
"We knew this was going to be one of ""those"" games.  Its rainy, kinda disgusting weather and it feels like the rivalry is back.  If anyone expected it to be easier for either side, then I want you are smoking, snorting, boofing, what have you....."
get f\*\*\*ed claypool
MP Juicemannn
I like how they bring 4 and Lamar gets maybe 1.5 seconds. Meanwhile we bring 7 and Ben has 2 seconds to throw that.
I wanna see a deep shot
WAY TO ATTACK THE BALL PETERS LETS GOOOO
Most importantly ball don’t lie
LETS FUCKING GO MARCUS PETERS WOOOOOOOOOO
Oh no
"Man... that has got to hurt

Hope tyre is ok"
Fuck...
Fuck. Our already weak oline is about to get weaker.
"Love watching TJ Watt launch himself into the backfield, taking himself out of the play"
Speed kills
JK
JK THE MAN FUCK YEAH
Steelers fan here. I hope he's ok. I want to beat you guys fair and square.
Dobbins is so good
Dobbins is ELECTRIC
Someone on here said Dobbins would finish this drive.  Sooooo close.  But he set up this drive and deserves a chance.
Dobbins is a future top 5 RB in the league. So explosive
JK
If Bozeman could've got his block JK might've been able to stay inside and take it
JK
"THIS MAN IS A FUCKING SUPERSTAR

GO DOBB GO"
JK my boy
Wow JK running sideways
LOL JK!
BIG BOY NO LITTLE BOY
JAY. KAY. ALL. DAY.
Bro JK is so good.
DOBBINS IS NASTY
There’s the run game I love
Yo lamar changing plays is making me wet.
F F F.
I can't believe we were able to draft JK Dobbins
JK Dobbins is absolutely a joy to watch.
Let JK COOK
"okay, guys, we might have drafted a legit great RB"
yuck
I can’t
God dammit
Okok
What are you doing Lamar
Jesus Christ this game is gonna be crazy..
Jesus christ man
Lamar come on.
lamar needs to chill with the pump fakes
At least PIT is pinned back.
Please just keep running maybe
GET A SAFETY
We need to be running more rub plays to open guys down in the redzone too.
Really bad spot there
Man that is a back breaker that deep.
Chuck took a bad angle on that run :(
Interesting play call for them. Must have been miscommunication
Let's go D.
3rd and 10? Thought that was a tackle for a loss
We’ve had good field position all game
Lol bad spot too
get off the field!!!!
so i just read about a pie that has a berger cookie filling and now i need 7
That's like a 5 yard fuck up by the ref.
The Defenses have come to play lol. Offense? Not so much.
Awful punt but cool
Come on shot to Hollywood plz!
Lamar is so much more deer in headlights this year. Where the fuck is the option?
There you go
there's mvp lamar
"Great play, don't force shit. Use your legs."
See Lamar that’s why you run my guy!!
Omfg
Oh no.....
Oh shit.
Fuck
FUCK
Jesus fucking christ
Are you fucking kidding me
Oh God no..
NOOOOOOOO RONNIEEEEE
NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO
Fuck he's in a lot of pain
No please
"God no, not Stanley!!!!"
These plays are disgusting.
Mother fucking mother fucking
Oh my god
Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck
There goes the 100 million dollar man
Our online is bad enough as it is already. DANGIT!!!
oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck
Not Stanley. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuuuuck
please god no...
This is not good
Fuck no no no no no no no
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Welp...pack in boys
😭
Fuck. We really need an oline
Shitty play call by Roman lead to a traffic jam resulting in Stanley’s injury smfh
Fuck that looks bad.
fuck
Fuuuuuuck
This is not ideal
FUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKKK
Figures
FUCKFUCKKKKKKKKKKK FUCK ME BRO
I need more alcohol fuck
Jesus fuck no.
"NO NOOOOOOOO 

FUCK"
OMG NO
Fuck.
His ankle!
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
And that’s fucked
Well this went as poorly as it could have
Welp it’s over
FUCK
It’s a wrap for our o line. smh
Pause. Forfeit.
His leg... im gonna be sick
Damnit
Holy shit fuck TJ watt. Cut his fucking legs the rest of the game
Damn his season is over
Of course it was Watt
That is broke no doubt.
"oh what do you know, Steelers aggressive hits are hurting players :|"
Yikes bro our oline going to be terrible now
ah thats the season lets hope the surgery goes well or the window has closed
That’s an ankle. His ankle is fucked
Fuck 2020 no one is safe!!!!
Also can we talk about how the refs blow the whistle too early so instead of lamar making a play and getting the ball out for an incompletion they get an 8 yard sack lol
2 lineman who get  rolled up on in a quarter is just fucked man his knee is gone. Be lucky to be back by training camp
Lamar with no WRs and now no line too =/
Next man up.
Shit not Ronnie
I can't handle this.
That’s broken
That Stanley injury looks bad..I don't see how it's not a serious injury.
Out for the season no doubt so glad dude got his money tho. Man this fucking sucks lose 2 players in 1 Game
"Not like this, not like this"
"Brown to LT, Fluker at RT again?"
Damn new contract too
depending on how bad this is... that really might be the season
Let's hope he is ready for next seasom
Damn I’m tearing up watching him go off the field
Who the ravens trading for on OLine now?  Now 2 huge holes at G & LT.
EDC needs to get us an O-Line stat
Still have time to make a trade
NOOO
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
"Nothing a shot can't fix in this league s/
Dang. Love that guy."
At least get a field goal
ive been having a shit last few days so it was fucking inevitable
There is only one person on the team more important then Stanley
"Ok Greg, let's see a play to get 9-10 yards and a FG"
Christ I hope he's okay guys. Freak injury.
Wouldn’t some screens make sense against the Steelers aggressive front 7?
I really don’t wanna watch this offense without Ronnie
Malik Harrison’s pre draft stuff is so weird to me now. He flashes plenty of speed and quickness. You would have thought he was slow as shit
Thjs feels like fake punt territoy
Defense playing really well.  Think TOP will wear down Steelers.  Need to keep running.  Still in a good spot.
Thank God we have at least some tackle depth
Just a sloppy game all the way around.
keep forgetting to breathe
Ben looks a bit off
I think we get a bonefide guard and try all other options at LT
"Our offense has completely kept them in this game, even before Ronnie went out."
"That pick 6 to the scrub LB was such a killer mistake. The Steelers offense isn’t very good in general and haven’t done anything today so far. Can’t spot them points. 

Roman needs to draw up some designed runs for Lamar, back the defense up, and go to play action so the receivers actually have a chance to get open."
Need to get Andrews and Hollywood involved the game on this drive.
"The way this game is going, if we can score 2 touchdowns and add a field goal, we will win. Going to be tough due to their d-line. Might be in line for a Justin Tucker game winner here"
Let’s keep doing that
TRUSS THE BUSS
Good run by the GusBus!!
We have the defense to win a championship.
"Lol, seriously, can we PLEASE just keep running the ball?"
"For all the whining, their offense looks just as bad or worse..."
All week I thought this game would be won by our defense shutting down their offense.
Boys were finally running the god damn football. Isn’t it beautiful.
Keep the run game you cowards
We need to tank for Joe Burrow
Gus is gonna get payed somewhere soon
That's why we need to run!
Pound their bungholes with these runs
Keep running it
Gus and JK that's all we need today
"Have to score, our defense is playing far too well to only be tied"
THIS BUS DONT STOP
Just run the ball and rely on Tucker
Its crazy that Mark Ingram starts over Gus and Dobbins.
Still mad Gus only got 3 carries vs the Titans...
Didn't even make a good rush there and still got 5-6 yards
Fucking ground pound!  It works!!!
WOBBINS
Top defense my ass. Run it down these stupid motherfuckers throats.
Just run the ball every play from here on out.
Gus gonna truck TJ
"Silver lining is that our o-line wasn't horrible with this tackle formation the previous game for stanley. Still, that's about as big a loss as our season could have besides lamar :("
\#WE NEED TO KEEP RUNNING UNTIL THEY STOP US
Dobbins is literally ray rice. He’s so strong for his size
This is why you fuckin run Greg thank you. Please keep this up.
Holy shit he’s quick dude took off
These down hill runs are stunning their overly aggressive D line.  Let's keep it going!
I love ingram but gus and dobbins are better
Dear lord where has this play been all year?
This is looking like our offense last year !!
This drive looking like 2019
Just keep running the ball. With all these OL out... keep it simple and just run.
Steelers adjusting. 8 in the center of the field and w/in 7 of los. Lamar takes outside.
We angry
4 yards x 3 is 1st down!! Let's go!! Pound that shit
LITERALLY RUN EVERY SIGLE PLAY
I love this. Don’t stop running until they stop it.
"run angry, run for ronnie!!!"
You love to see it
"“So they’re just running the football down the field.”

You don’t say..."
Vintage Jackson
keep running it
"Steelers d line making me scared of injuries, just diving their weight on our players legs"
I was just about to say I want Lamar to keep the ball on runs too. Let's get these three running
RUN RUN RUN
Please pound it
Richard is a blocking machine.
Run opened that up. Lotta center field action.
"Crazy what happens when you establish the run Roman, you fucking tool"
Give Dobby the ball
wow about fucking time Roman figured out running the ball and throwing to the TE is good
Quick passes and run that’s gotta be our offense without Ronnie
Lamar got POPPED at the line.
Are we going back to last year's playbook with Ronnie out?
Runnnnnn
WE BACK
"Crown of the helmet to the head, runner or not... Where is the call for that? Dirty fucking bastards."
It's simple!! Run that damn ball and we get easy completions!!!
Fuck the Steelers!
"Fuck yeah, running the ball!"
I fucking loved that drive. HELL YEA BABY
Touchdown!
That was a goddamn drive guys!
"they worked out that passing plays are better, when you have to respect the run"
That should be a TD
Ouch
See what happens when you run the ball Roman!?
Gus is a fucking monster
GUS BUS
Should be 21-7 if we didn’t fumble last time in the red zone
"Fuck you shittsburgh, eat the fucking run"
**great fucking drive keep running down their throats**
KEEP SMASHING IT DOWN THEIR THROAT DONT LET OFF
LETS GO D LOOK THEM UP
The Gus Bus is fueled up and ready to roll!
Take that shitsburgh
let's gooo
Might have gus be my first jersey
That's Raven football right there!
"I'm not going to bother looking it up, but I feel like this is the least I've seen Ben play in a Ravens game ever. Their offense is non-existent. You hate to see it."
Sticking to our guns! Roman making the adjustments
"Run.
The.
Ball."
"Yes, back to the basics and our identity...running the fucking ball."
This is what you get when you run the ball! Lets go!
"So what? If the D keeps up and we can run it like we're seeing, we'll be fine.  We've turned it over twice.  Let's settle in and get back to the historic rushing attack we know we have."
so grateful for gus. he'd be a starting RB on just about any other team
Left Ankle for stanley
"Turnovers aside, we're looking great on both sides of the ball right now"
KEEP FUCKING RUNNING THE BEST RUN OFFENSE LAST YEAR EVER FOR A REASON
RUN THE BALL + TIME OF POSSESSION AND WE CAN WIN EVERY GAME FUCK THE STEELERS
Let's get the O back on the field and keep running it on their gased defense
turns out if you play to your strengths good things can happen. huh.
"Aw, McAlister, Sizzle, Ray, Matty S.

Brings a tear to your eye!"
Make these fuckers swallow the fucking ball
Ben’s passing hasn’t looked good today...I think we have a pick in us
"It pains me a little that it took Ronnie getting injured for Roman to change up the scheme. Like why tf wouldn’t what we are doing now work with Stanley, hint it would be better you twat."
"Ingram could have a hard time getting back to a starting spot. Gus and JK both are both doing it all. Big plays, grinding on 1st, and falling forward to turn losses into 3-4."
Love to see Conner with two hands on the ball the entire time because he’s scared of marlo punching it out
"Haha, Coach and Player having a little heated discussion"
Are they playing for PI's lol
"Gotta love how the JETS of all teams are playing the Chiefs closer than we did. Come on, Harbs, Roman and Wink. This is not OK."
Can someone who knows more about sports injuries/o lineman tell me about stanley? Ankle is better than knee right?
"It's not over till the fat lady sings. Figth Defense, figth!"
Dammit
Is Yannick playing today?
Marlon is heated
I LOVE ME SOME MCPHEE
Pernell really set the edge there
Anyone surprised Judon was the one who gets flagged
Looked like Judon hit the ref.
Should offset.
This is nothing or off-setting flags. Let's keep the game moving please.
"Ok, maybe we can keep judon"
Fuck Judon
FUCK
Typical way the Steelers get back in a game
Bullshit!!!
This is horrible
Cut Judon.
Fuck
That’s fucking bullshit
Little boy no big boy got punked. Love peters on this play
Fuck the refs flopping
STUPID ASS
"Ok, not supporting that one. Didn’t realize he hit an official. That’s dumb as shit."
That was so damn stupid
Trade Judon
What?
I never want Judon back on the field again for the Ravens.
Judon being retarded again
"ah, classic Ravens-Steelers"
Judon ejected from the game. I’m not too upset about that
Wow. What a half
I knew he was out of the game.
judon... cmon dude
Wtf?
I guess we'll see how much we need or don't need Judon now
Id cut him
Don’t let the door hit you on the way out Matt
Judon is fuckin dumb
"Wow, dumb"
Well it’s not like we’ll notice if Judon is or isn’t on the field 🤣
Cmon Judon!!
Fuck me that's dumb there. But Johnson over there shoving coaches no problem
Judon upgraded from Roughing the Passer to being thrown out of the game
Judumb
Judon officially in the dog house and gone
"The ""Bullshit"" chant came back for a few seconds there lol"
I think judon just sent himself out of town after the season.
Big props to the fans getting a bullshit chant going
Holy shit
"Fucking lose 3 starters in one game, Jesus fucking christ....."
McPhee > Judon
Calais Camwall.
"Soft call, but he made contact whilst swinging and it is what it is"
Oh no it’s a 3rd and long
Lol - 54 skipping them back on that penalty.
This is one intense damn game!
"I've seen guys get ejected for less contact than that against refs, its basically the only thing these guys ever call consistently."
Sure is a good thing the Steelers offense is so fucking bad lol
absolute horseshit call
It’s ok Daddy McPhee will save us 🥺
"ELLIOTT BABY

JOKER TIME"
LETS GO!
ELLIOT
ofcourse the Steelers playing chippy and they punish you guys...
ben isn’t even asking to get hit like this!
Gobble was the right verb to use for Ben.
Tucker could hit it from there
"4min drill time. We can get some points before the half, and we're in good shape."
Defense is fucking balling
"Now keep on running that ball boys, run that rock."
Notice how successful we are when we press receivers at the line. Strayed away from it this year and it’s cost us.
I wanna see hollywood make an appearance
Judson has more ejections than sacks in the past 3 weeks...
So do the refs start calling all the dirty hits on lamar now?
"Disaster of a game so far and still up. 

Pick 6, RedZone fumble, stanley/phillips injury, and Judon getting ejected."
This Steelers offense is the most toothless I've seen (led by Ben) in a while.
The only thing that’d surprise me at this point is Ben not getting hurt
Ben hurting. Knew it. Called it last night.
"Great run, keep it up"
Need a long time killing drive that results in any amount of points to end the half. They get the ball back so a 2 score buffer will be super important.
"They're now doing what they did against RG3 last year.

They're gonna pretend they didnt see Lamar hand the ball off just to hit him."
Come on llama.
"Lol, Jackson got stripped by the air. Nice first down pick-up"
Jackson with the Boller impression: unassisted fumble.
Plz don't scare me like that Lamar
Lamar stripped himself
Sheesh get this man a towel
Tuck that ball on a day like this Lamar
Yo what awareness by Lamar to fall on that though
"Jeeesus Lamar, don't scare us"
That dude Tuitt is fuckin huge lol good lord
lamar please don't do that again
Man Lamar trying to give me a heart attack
YOOOO WTF is this ball
Gotta tuck it but that was weird as fuck. Not like Lamar even hit it with his own body. Definitely some wet-ball-itis.
"Keep it simple. 

keep doing what we're doing on D

Up the gut on offense. 

Let Tucker kick the game out of reach."
God i hope the Ravens beat the Steelers. That would put them in such a better place
"Awareness! It’s wet, hold the like a rb"
"Someone proposed to his GF first game back 

https://twitter.com/ravens/status/1322982603755081728?s=21"
I just realized that was lamars first ever pick 6
FUck me...
Man lamar.
Not an int
Jesus lamar...but no catch
Is that Boykin late on his route again?
"Boykin, wtf man..."
That was so close my god
"Wasn't on Lamar, one hell of a play"
LAMAR NO
Don’t even throw the ball for the rest of the game idc
"Ball hit the ground but damn, what an effort by Haden"
What in the hell is Lamar doing throwing that.?
Incomplete.
"Terrible throw by Lamar, what was he doing there?"
This is exactly what a steelers Ravens game should be and I can’t even enjoy it because of stanley. Fuck
hit the ground no way that’s an interception
That ball hit the ground
Boykin has to come back to those
The invention of the forward pass was a mistake
"Shit throw.

r/ravens: lamars playing perfectly"
That’s coming back. Everyone breath.
Thank god that hit the ground. Bailed out Lamar 😬
This is a bloody long game lmao
He didn't have possession.
"Really bad throw, glad it's coming back. we got lucky af"
Categorically not a pick but I bet they give it to them anyway
No way that’s standing
You didn't have your hand under it you cheating fuck.
What the fuck is Lamar doing today
Run. The. Ball.
That's incomplete
Thank fuck
Why is this taking so long...
I mean he made the right read your man is huge let him.box out but that throw was really really bad.
just run the damn ball.....please. I don't care if Lamar or whoever runs it. Just run it.
Refs be like call stands pittsburgh's ball
We’re winning but aaaaa
Our run game is pretty lethal so far in this game. Is Justice Hill active? I know they said Gus was a little hurt so do we have another active back?
Man if he hadn't run into Zeus he could've kept going.
Man penalties have been a big issue for us
Sloppy
Tomlin crying on the sidelines gives me energy
Seriously what is up with these illegal formations?
Illegal shift I think. Andrews not set.
That was a great play.
"We've been getting so many pre-snap penalties on offense this year, it's insane."
Can we figure out how to play football
Been having way too many formation and shift penalties this year. that’s coaching
What in the ever living fuck
Shift not formation
"Worst refs we’ve faced this year: today or the Chiefs game?  
  
At least the Steelers have gotten screwed a time or two, I guess."
Where’s all those idiots who want Hayden hurst back instead of jk
Great throw away. TJ has been an issue all day
Not a bad throw away.
o line not playing good gets lamar skittish and makes panicked throws. it's not rocket science my guys
Needed a better throw there Lamar. Woulda been near FG range.
Just don't get that. Why split Dobbins wide? Run a jet sweep with Hollywood and give it to Dobbins on the fake.
It’s so slippery passing is going to be useless
Most steelers vs ravens games have ended with 1 score. This will be close
"Play it safe, we have Tucker"
Garbage spot
Lamar constantly has someone in his face
Damn the refs fucked him
3 players with 50+rushing yards. nice
"He got out of bounds, but ok."
Tuck wink
Automatic systematic
Absolutely dominant half without the turnovers
That ball would’ve been good from 65 easy
GOAT doing GOAT things
Tucker can have my babies
Exactly down the middle....man is a kicking God
Horrible half and we up 10 . We are ok guys
God he’s so good. That could’ve gone fucking 60
Are they fuckin serious with that whistle???
Fuck the Steelers
And dobbins needs more carries. Dudes a stud. Pound for pound I’ll take him over KC’s rookie
I’ll take it up 2 possessions defense gotta keep balling and keep running lets fucking go
That was an extra point for him
JK is a monster.
"Tucker is the 🐐🐐🐐. 


Romo didn't say shit about the kick either lmao"
No “best in the league” from Romo?
To quote a certain gif from this week: Steelers Offense? ASS!
Who gets ball after half?
"They get the ball, I want the Ravens to F them up big time."
Thought they said it best at halftime. This is good UGLY AFCN football. Everyone sit back take a breather and say “FUCK THE STEELERS”.
I am loving how the Ravens running game looks right now. The Ravens really looking strong coming out of the bye. Injuries suck but I never thought the team would look fine after losing ronnie Stanley. Ravens defense hasn't allowed any points. I think Lamar's passing game is being affected by the weather but so is ben's. They haven't got anything going in the air or on the ground. I'm a little nervous about the Steelers 2 minute offense so I just hope we can widen the gap a little more in the third quarter.
Dude was wide open
Ngakoue scared him
>RG Tyre Phillips has been ruled out with an ankle injury. - @Ravens
Good job Bowser!
Good d jimmy!
Johnson tried to Torrey it.
Play the ball not the body idiot
Let's score on these fuck bois!!!!
I feel like you don't deserve the call when you slow down immediately and don't keep trying to make the play.
Great coverage by Bowser
captain fatfuck looks washed
Surprised the ref didn’t mark the ball at the 3 yard line
Fuck you fat Ben that’s revenge for that garbage pi earlier on mp
Wanting a penalty there for that? Weak shit
is hollywood playing?
Dude
Well
JUST RUN
gdi Lamar
lamar has been straight up bad
Lamar a liability in this game.
RUN THE BALL
Y
Big dumb
Jesus Lamar 😵
What a gift
Are you fucking kidding me
Worst game of lamars career
Lamar reverting to the mean in one game.
"I guess we just want to let the Steelers back into the game, huh?"
WHY ARE WE THROWING
That's a forced pass based on the play call. But man og man I thought only linebackers in Madden could do that what a play
lamar wtf man
JESUS TITTY FUCKING CHRIST
Team please. Just grind them down
Defense needs to hold them to three
No effort
Ball shouldn't have been thrown. Play shouldn't have been called.
Fuck sakes
Why do we help shit teams like this. If we run the ball 3 times and punt they still have 0 offensive production
"Lamar just didn’t step into that throw, no reason not to"
Tf is this play calling
Wtf is this defense doing?
Gonna need a juice punch there
w h y
RUN THE BALL
"I still think we win, but if we don't win this game, that interception is the reason."
Probably Queen smh
Jackson seemed to handle that unprofessionally. Makes it hard to not read into the coaching situation.
Steelers only points have been gifted to them by Lamar.
Gifting these bums the game
"I'm glad at least is was over quick. 

Still haven't learned yet?"
Ugh
Sloppy ass turnovers.
"Ok, testing my liver. Wish me luck"
"Past couple of weeks I’d call Lamar a net negative, come on bro"
Man I swear we have a bipolar OC
Fucking Lamar man
Just get back to pounding the rock and we good
"hey team, can we not be dumb dumb in the 2nd half please"
Does it really take this long to straighten this out?
Empty backfield????
"Hey, um, where the fuck is Hollywood? You know, our number one receiver..."
I thought we agreed we aren't doing that anymore
HAHAHAHAHA
"I still want to see Roman call an outside run or 2. I haven't seen many this game, but I think the few that they did worked lol."
"Sad that PITs secondary has been burnt by some fast WRs the last couple weeks, but I mean us throwing 10 yards down the field lol."
Averett would never.
That is awful
That call was bullshit
That's bullshit
Here we go
"Why is lamar playing like he's a 60 rated qb on madden 😂😂 come-on man step it up

(Edit spelling)"
Clark got sonned
How was that a PI?
"Ah, OK. Their game plan is just to have Ben chuck it to draw flags. Got it. Cute."
Still playing against the refs too
HOW IS THAT A PEN???
Fuck this fucking game
Moving the ball with ease
Where did our defense go
What the fuck are Queen/Board doing. They just sat there and watched him sit in the zone.
Why are we just letting them have every single catch?
Why’d we stop blitzing..
Please get a takeaway
Fuck this
[deleted]
God fucking dammit dude
Did Steelers not address RB in the offseason? Conner-Samuels is a very meh tandem.
SMH....Ravens
This particular game feels like the 2010 playoff game.
"With the way lamar is playing and how our defense can’t stop them now, i don’t see us winning this."
I can’t even put it in to words what’s going one feels like we have dominated
RUN. THAT. FOOTBALL.
"welp, Lamar's fault for this one, shitted away a potential blow-out game"
Time for the offense to pull up their big boy pants and do something the get the momentum back
"No way is this on the defense. That was the only TD they have given up.  This game is on Lamar so far, he has to be able to close it out and get the win. If not, most of the blame is on him"
"It's a combo....
We are predictable.
This is on Jackson, but it's also on Roman."
"crunch time, let's go"
Lamar directly responsible for -17 points: two INTs and missed FG attempt (at least) in the red zone \*facepalm\*
Late hit.
"Was planning to watch this game sober. 

I've uh...changed my mind for the remainder."
Why is Pittsburgh taking late hits on their best player of the game 🤔
Fuck it. I blame Madden.
Oh so we’re not calling run plays anymore huh
Time to answer the call.
"Roman, we should've ran it on the first play of that drive. That's wtf I'm talking about..."
Qtr scoring streak on the line
I miss last year
Designed runs.
Fuck sakes Mandrews.....
"Thank God! That play was crazy, omg!"
My heart can’t take this!
"I saw that coming a mile away. We are playing so sloppy, off a fucking BYe."
Saw that coming.
Lucky play
Running the ball is only going to get you so far.
Who else screamed BEHIND YOU to Andrews hoping he could hear us but won't lol
No no you dint bring the ball back nothing says that it should be brought back
So we run now .... outstanding galaxy brain fucking logic I am upset and my day is ruined
Fuck me raw everyone needs to focus more on offense Andrews has to feel that pressure and protect the football.
Fire Greg Roman
We had 130+ rushing yards in the first half and now we’re dropping to throw every down
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT ROMAN????
This is pathetic
So what’s up with this sidearm throw? I really don’t like it. Looks so unnatural.
No justice no block
The fuck kind of play call is that LMFAO
Not touching Watt at all is a big no-no.
Paper tigers
why does it seem like we always get the worst reffing of the year in Steelers games?
We need a turnover here
I talk shit about Chris Moore but he’s an excellent special teamer
"This second half offense is trash.  This second half defense is garbage.

You guys blaming one and not the other aren't watching the same game I am."
“I’m 1000% better” lmao my ass
I swear watt isn’t even touched lol
3rd and 8 alright buddy we are going to run the option
"damn, is this gonna be our first non-scoring quarter?"
Lol my streams are juiced.
Run the fucking ball
Pitt scores here the game is over
Yikes that was really bad man. Defense is going to have to step up and win the game for us.
Please get a takeaway
Greg roman did not run when we were up 17 7 now he is calling run plays smh
Our run play design is okay. Pass play design needs work. But I think the actual play call sequencing is hurting the most right now. I would love to keep Roman on as a run game coord and let someone else call the plays if possible.
"We need to get them off the field and fast so we can play our game. Don’t get cute, run it."
The D has to win the game for us
Still can't get to the QB. Ben has too much time.
"Come on Lamar, shift the momentum here"
Good run Proche
Thank goodness our defense is more than decent
Cleveland with 2 field goals lol
"So, so thankful for this defense."
We are due for a comeback.
I haven’t heard the name Ngakoue yet this game...! Makes me sad 😢
"good stop, defense.

offense, don't turn the ball over. plz."
you would think the game is over if you only read this thread. Guys theres a lot more football to be played. relax
"On the bright side, the Titans are losing by 17 to the Bengals and the Browns are losing by 10 to the Raiders."
Let's goooooo defense. Wink knew the screen was coming. Great fucking job
Ughhh
FFS
Man what happened
Just sat there and ate the fucking sack
O-line not even attempting to block anymore. Just run every play at this point.
Dude this shit is fucking insanity.
Maybe Lamar just can’t play without his hypeman?
Fuck it pull a Flacco and go for a PI
Christ. 3rd and Jackson.
FUUUCK
Why does Lamar run into sacks?
"So.... honestly, when we starting Dez Bryant?"
"No o line and no receivers. Been the story or the season. Cover Andrews, cover Hollywood and collapse the inside o line."
At least the chiefs will repeat as SB champs anyway. I’m so dead inside
"I knew this game would be a pivotal point for this season. Will we see an adjustment and improvement on the offence coming off the bye? I think we saw a flash, but not much else. I think it sets the tone for this season and I don’t think this team is where it needs to be on that side of the ball."
YES
BOUT FUCKING TIME!!!!!!
THERE WE GO
THANK YOU. A VERTICAL PASS.
There we fucking go
There we go!!
"Offense had all two weeks to gameplan to do fuck all outside of be a liability. Lamar can't throw today, our wrs are abysmal at best, Romans a hack who draws up his pass plays with half chewed crayons, and the oline is patchwork with our the LT likely out for the season. Fuck"
DUVERNAY!!!!
At least we're not the Titans...?
And now we see Duvernay...
FUCK YES NICE PLAY
I'll take it
Playing five-wide with this line and 2nd & 8... DoNt bLaMe eVEryThInG oN GrEg rOMaN
Holy fucking POPE SHIT
LETS GO
"Jesus, fuck this xfinity ad with the awful cover of Fleetwood Mac's *Go Your Own Way*"
FINALLY
"i can't believe we are down right now, just unbelievable"
Oh my goodness
DUVERNAY
# I BELEE
"Like I said, we should’ve been passing deep all season. We never throw deep"
Just when I feel like giving up they pull me back in is this what it’s like to be in an abusive relationship??
VAMOS!! LETS GO!!!
Now that's what we needed
Making spillane look like jack lambert smh
Defense fighting to keep the game tight reminds me of all the flacco years.
I’ve never heard of Spleen fella before today but I swear he’s the only guy playing for Pitts D today
Fuck these refs
That's the Lamar Jackson we all tuned in to see!
Bullshit flag!!!!
#OF FUCKING COURSE THERES A FLAG
Im telling you Duv is fucking legit
pocket didnt instantly collapse nice
lmfao we finally get a good play from Lamar and the refs take it away of fucking course fuck this game
Are you fucking kidding me
Of course
Someone please beat Skura with a shoe.
That's a hold?
Might as well kick the fg now
Have they had a holding call all day
Please no flag please no flag
Use JK
All the uncalled shit amazing
That’s absolute bs
flag... sigh
FUCKING HOLDING
THAT WASNT A FUCKING HOLD
Hahahahahahaha
DAMN IT
FUCK EVERYTHING.
Such a BS flag my god that just saved the Steelers game
Greg Roman must have published a book this off season on how to read is play calling
That's soft
Wow his hand was there but clearly let.go
SNEAD SORRY FOR TALKING SHIT LOL
SNEAD IV JUST DRAGGIN' A GUY
Sneeeeeeeeed
Steelers defense acting like Lamar can’t throw
Snead has been having a fantastic game
QUESTIONABLE CALL
These damn refs are trying their best to screw the Ravens today!
another soft call by these bitch ass refs
Ref ball gotta love it
Gotta play against the refs too
Phantom calls
SNEADDDDD
BULLSHIT
That was a soft fucking hold
"What, what is this. I'm not using to this feeling in the second half"
Let us go.
LETS FUCKING GÒOOOOOOO
horrible call lol
HORSESHITTT
Prove ‘en wrong offense
What the absolute fuck was that bullshit ass fucking call?!
"Another game, another session of getting done dry in the ass by the fucking zebras.

I fucking hate NFL refs. They are so utterly, incredibly, actively useless."
"lmao pansy soft coverage right there, good job making em pay"
Ravens are  so much better when they play with tempo
Snead getting that game ball. Most relatively underappreciated pickup of the last few years IMO.
Lamar has that look in his eyes guys I think he woke up guys I think he realized he’s the ducking problem too
Lamar getting his confidence back here I hope. Dude has looked so clearly downtrodden most of this year
Damn 39 buy him some dinner first.
Snead is playing with ferocity today
He a got a knee...fuck
It's the consecutive scoring that was making us not gel. Now we will explode and not score every odd quarter
Lamar put a little too much air on that. A little less and that’s a TD
The shin is down that counts
Clear mark where the knee landed
UGHHHHHH
That won’t count
The knee is in. Created a bend in the turf
man that knee was right on the line. how do they judge that in tennis
"Why do they not call that a TD when every TD is reviewed? Call it a TD and then make sure. Not calling it one means you have to waste a challenge, I hate that shit."
Don’t think there is enough to overturn that. If it was called the other way I’d say the same. It’s too close to overturn imo
Think ruling on the field will stand. It’s super close whether the left foot comes down before the right knee
Waste of a challenge
Why do we have to challenge a scoring play
His kneecap literally hit the line. Is that in or out?
Call stands
I’m not seeing the knee touching guys...
"I realy really love that lamar floated that, same with the duvernay throw, the best way to helpnur recievers is to put air under the ball"
No idea. Don't think they'll overturn it.
1 knee=2 feet
I think the knee was out
Not even close at that angle.
BALL DOESNT LIE
Redemption!!
GETS IT AWAY LFG
LET'S GOOOOOOOOO!!!!
With the AB dance lmao
Wait guys might be a flag somehow
LET'S GOOOOOOO
Lets go
Great drive. Defense do your thing.
Lets goooooooo
"Hollywood still got his tittie.  

Y'know that Lamar and Brown were probably talking while waiting and both knew they were gonna try to get that there."
HOLLYWOOODDDD
THERE WE GO.
Fuck em
Instant justice!
That’s for you Hollywood!
HOLLYWOOD BABY!!! DEFENSE YOU'RE UP!!!
BALL DONT FUCKING LIE
BALL DOESN'T LIE
we always got to make it exciting 🙄
He’s back. Lamar looks like Lamar of last year
Are they playing La Marseillaise in the bank?
Side note: we have a chance to break the NFL record for most consecutive games with 20+ points next week against the colts.
Just noticed the gold MO in the endzone. Nice touch.
Oh that atmosphere is awesome
Please keep this intensity Lamar.
"R - A - V - E - N - S 

RAVENS"
It’s gonna be roughing the passer cause refs
If they call roughing I’m going down there and punching a ref
Peters needs to turn his head that's two picks I think he could've had.
YEAH PICK THAT FUCKING FLAG UP!
Finally the refs decide to give us a good call.
Phew
Thank God man. That would have been crazy
They picked up a flag?!?!?   THEY CAN DO THAT?!?!? /s
Titans getting smacked by the Bengals lol
If he got a roughing I am literally going to scream.
"How can you guys not enjoy this game?? It's so good!! 

I love nail biters"
"If it's clear and yella, you got juice there, fella! If it's tangy and brown, you're in cider town!"
I was about to throw something at the tv
That should not be a Roughing
"Based refs, not calling RTP there"
Queen don’t give up on the play wtf
"After seeing the replay, i’m pretty surprised they didn’t call that"
Bonds is straight trash
Bonds just stopped playing? WTF
who even is bonds
bonds is definitely gone after this
Why the fuck did he give up on that play?
There’s a reason he’s on the damn practice squad I guess
Bonds wtf man
38 is getting cut after this game lmao
Get bonds off the field bra
Bonds WTF
Yeah stupid tackle
Release Bonds now
Annndddd.... a facemask.
Bonds again!
Can bonds never play again
WAS THIS BONDS DUDE SIGNED THIS MORNING?
Fuck 38 get him out!
Who the fuck is Bonds?
CLARK WTF
"Whoever this Bonds guy is is fucking awful, needs to be off the team asap for giving up on that play."
Not sure about Terrell Bonds boys
Bonds is not having a great sequence of plays here
It’s Barry bonds
WHO TF IS BONDS. He is getting targeted EVERY PLAY.
How many penalties we got today? As many as philly?
38 is a fucking bum. Who is this guy
Get him off the fucking field.
Bonds looking like ass these last two plays.
Man can we get our defense back ......
Bonds thought it was dropped lol
Wow are we seriously gonna choke on this drive..
"When the games close, we commit a ton of penalties.   Smh"
What was that bonds. He walked away.... hopefully he walks away from the team
I don't even know who this Bonds guy is but he's having a horrendous day
Chuck can't be doing that.
Turns out preseason hero Terrell Bonds needs some more time
Bonds is hurting us
I think the refs get bored sometimes so they just throw flags
Get bonds out of there holy shit.
I like how none of us have heard of bonds but he’s our third CB
WHO IS BONDS??
Jesus even when we get to him he still makes the play.
Looks like Bonds isn't going to last long here
Get bonds out
Bonds stinking it up
Bro....
Get bonds tf outta here rn
"Get him off the field, he gets burned and fucks up"
Man 38 has not looked good on those two plays
"Cut Bonds holy shit. He’s like the anti Melvin, coming in as a no one and fucking us up"
Bowser is doing great in this production in the role of Matthew Judon
Low key - we are getting nice pressure off 4 today
You guys blaming Averett....be careful what you wish for.
Fuck Tomlin but he does like kinda cool
Feels like we get pressure every down and Ben does his bullfighter routine. So annoying
Can we agree that Bonds needs to go back to the practice squad after this week
Why are we fucking giving up on plays before they’re over?
Could we actually get to Ben please
Come on dude let's get a fucking stop
"We have to get home, otherwise Ben will feast"
We gotta stop these penalties they are killing us
Humph almost punched that out
"Lower your shoulder, Marlon. Could have stopped him there."
No fucking way
Here it comes
Refs definitely have money on the Steelers
And again the D melts down with bad penalties
THAT IS OPI
Fuck these refs!
FUCK OFF
Fuck
Defense has looked sloppy this half
Refs are fucking us
That's OPI
fuck my life dude
For fucks sake defense
[Me watching the Steelers slowly drive down the field](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/804/617/d5b.jpg)
what the fuck.
To think the Steelers fans were bitching about us being given a TD earlier. Bet they're real quiet about that now
Getting real sick of all this soft zone shit
"Gave away too many yards on that possession.


Pretty disappointing. Feels like defense never shows up in big games. Red zone defense nonexistent"
Run pass run coming up
We have come back from behind twice in this game already. Let's do it one more time with a soul sucking run pass balance drive that chews all the clock.
Do we trust this offence to go down the field again?
Man our team has been awful with penalties last few games.
"I just want this game to be over, tbh. Hope we run it a ton and then get down to knowing we have 4 downs. Either Lamar and Roman can do it or they can't."
RUN THE GODDAMN BALL
i've got work tonight and i'm pretty sure i'm going to regret waking up for this game at this point
We college now
Wishbone time
Dobbins is so good.
Long slow drive for a score... let’s do this!!
Next time he should truck fitzpatrick
Unleash Dobbins
Feeling like this could be That Drive.
All aboard!!
GUS BUS
THIS DRIVE IS BEAUTIFUL
Our running game looks way better without Ingram.
JK ALL DAY
HONK HONK
God damn dobbins
Dobbins has looked damn good.
"keep running it, they can't stop it"
I think Pitts plan is to just let us run the ball down them in hopes of another drive
"Motherfucker just do what works, how hard is that?"
JK Dobbins 14/111 and counting
Y’all reckon we can get 2 100+ rushers??
JK 😍
Well good news is the Browns pulled a Browns (no disrespect to the Raiders tho)
holy shit i love JK
Dobbins is pretty good
JK should now be the starter.
Oh fuck yes Greg keep going I'm almost there
This is why we drafted dobb
"That toss play getting mighty cute, don’t fumble it"
This drive is where the time of possession pays off
"It’s almost like when we call a run, most times we do good. Weird isn’t it"
"That's like, 6 Injuries from both teams."
Dude Dobbins and Edwards are putting in some serious WORK today
Roman playing Madden..just spamming the same 2 plays lol
I think I see the Ravens trading Justice for a pick in the off-season and drafting another RB. Keep Ingram for one more year but let Dobbins carry the load.
"Friendship ended with Ingram, Dobbins is my new best friend."
Heyward flop to slow down momentum
Tj still desperately trying to hit Lamar
I love ingram but i swear to god if he gets the majority of the snaps next week...
"Brown in the end zone, just do it"
Take your time. Get the TD.
"Just keep running that ball, baby."
Milk this fuckin clock bois
"The story of this game is refs suck, injuries suck, and JK Dobbins is a beast."
Need to kill more clock with the way the refs are playing.
Shouldnt snap the ball with more than 3 seconds on the play clock
So are we gonna give Greg player of the game for actually running the ball when we are down?
Can nobody get open?
GO FOR IT
Damn it
Is there such a thing as the offense moving the ball too well? I think this might be it.
Game probably on the line here.... fingers crossed
They should have run that play before the warning. What the hell are they thinking?
Dobbins gets the ball here.
We got this
God I feel so sick rn we need this shit
truss
I'm calling it.  Either we score on 4th down here or they stop us short and turn over on downs
"Lamar had the whole right side open, why fucking cut inside"
TRUSSSSZ
I can’t take this shit man
"Lamar had two guys in the middle (I think) and he didn’t throw it, he can make those throws but he needs to trust himself to."
Game on the line right here.
"This game, just from a third party perspective, is very good"
"If we kick a field goal we still have to get a defensive stop anyway, of course we're going for it"
Bad Qb play. Bad coaching with time management. We don’t deserve to win
Despite how much I hate this right now this is ravens Steelers football and why this is such a great rivalry
My heart...
Of course it has to come down to the wire...
Awful call
That was such an obvious playcall
Jfc
I haven't even seen what happened yet. Goddamnit
Lmao what was that
nice stumble
Just give andrews a chance to make a play JFC
"Why are we still in empty, fuck roman, titans game all over again. Stop using empty on 4th"
I am so angry at Lamar.
MOTHERFUCKER!
FUCK. To eager to run
If you cannot pass you cannot win big games.
gg
Let's go D. Gotta step up
Now we need Humphrey to go all hulk smash on the ball
What a stupid fucking call.
Why that run though. Far out
Why the hell was the backfield empty??
GOD DAMMIT SKURA
Fuck me damn it
Fuck
Fuuuuuuck
Sigh
Bad play design. Ravens didn’t deserve to win this anyway.
Lol 😂 fuck that BOOOOOOOOOO
Time to fire Roman. Why? Because we should of been running all season and now it shows.
Nice play calling lol
Lol. Why not call a pass if we're in empty? Let him decide if he wants to run after that
"Trash playcalling in that sequence, unreal."
"I need my one punch marlo, my punch out peters, my sacksonvile 2.0. I want it all out"
"That was a shitty play call, on top of it. They didn’t bite down on that play all day. Why run it now?"
Again too many penalties and dumb play calling.
Missing that timeout...
Wish we would have given it to Gus there.
That was a shit play call..
"Why, why the fuck are we wasting all of our talent. We had the game early and just threw it out the window. I don't even look forward to the rest of the season.

These games are the only thing I've had to look forward to and it's like the management isnt taking it seriously."
Why did Roman call that? How about some misdirection or something. They knew the ravens weren’t passing
There goes the division.
It’s not healthy watching this game
Now where’s the random flag
Queen knocked the hell outta him.
why was peters so far away from claypool like the fuck press up close in this situation
Shades of Ray Lewis
"One last time Bois let’s make sure....

#WE PUNCH IT INTO THE ENDZONE"
Wow game not officially over.
Well looks like we got a minute to do something
"Well positives: JK looks awesome, and we ran the ball well."
Hey we have odds lol
"Holy crap we’re still in it.

This could be the moment this team rallies. Let’s go."
"Block this punt please, football gods"
Winning this game would make it go straight in the history books
"Here we go, Lamar has a chance!"
Just don’t run into the kicker going for a block please
Good hands Proche
Block the kick
"How fast can Hollywood Brown run, and how high can he jump?"
These Steelers games always raising my damn heart rate
Take a shot
LMAO this is a hail Mary prayer. GG boys
Best throw of the day by Lamar.
Wtf
This is where Lamar can make a name for comeback kid
Fuck me Andrews keep running that's a catch
Ruuuuun to the line
Fake shit
Come on Fluker
Lol faker
Fake shit
They better add time
These fools got me stress chugging Natty Boh.
This is it ladies and gents
Wow.
THE FORWARD PASS WAS A MISTAKE
Fuck sakes!!
We might. There's hope.
No reason we lost here we shouldve had extra time at the end but that honestly is the least damning issue catching and calming down lamar tightens up and our receivers secure a little better we can run and throw ravens we got this next time be prepared
Why are we blaming Roman? It’s Lamar who has thrown basically three interceptions this game bringing them in it. Activate Dez man!
You guys are all fucking idiots if you think tj did that on purpose.
"Hate to say this but Lamar's currently leading the ""Blame of the Game"" should we lose"
"I seriously can't stand the ""just run it"" stans in here. How about make a fucking pass, Lamar?"
It’d be awesome if we had a receiver. Like any receiver. We’re throwing out WR 3/4’s and expecting Lamar to bail us out every week.
Can someone pull out the rule book for the refs?
Fuck TJ Watt
[removed]
Fire fucking Greg Roman
Can our GODDAMN O LINE PROTECT LAMAR FROM BEHIND PLEASE? JUST BECAUSE THEY GO INTO THE BACK FIELD DOESN'T MEAN YOU HAVE TO STOP BLOCKING THEM. JESUS FUCK.
"Indecisive Lamar is back, it’s gonna be a near impossible game to win."
"Running the fucking ball is killing them, yet Greg keeps going away from it for some fucking unknown reason. 

RUN THE GODDAMN BALL AND WE WIN it's not that fucking hard Roman"
We should be up 14-0 wtf man
Fuck TJ Watt
Well good season guys
"Jesus fuck, that's not a penalty man"
Judon did nothing wrong
Glad this is getting overturned but DAMN LAMAR. What's wrong with you today?
Incoming salty Steelers when he was trying to sell the pass interference
Lamar is fucking awful. Sorry. Has to be said.
"I love Lamar's little, ""Dats on me"" head tap. Of course it is."
Should be 24 to 0. Period. Dumbass play calling that we didn't need to do has down 4 instead.
This offense is legitimately broken. I think Roman needs to go
Can these zebra cunts fuck off?
Get GREG ROMAN THE FUCK OUTTA HERE MAN
"Lamar might've given the steelers 17, but all the rest of their points came courtesy of the referees.. we should've won that game. Not really mad."
"You happy with that run on third and 8, Roman haters?

Fuck me dead would be nice if we could trust our MVP QB to throw a football, but he has not inspired much confidence today."
Inexcusable throw. 2019 Lamar looking like a flash in the pan.
"Take Watts fucking head off, juju to burfict type shit."
"Fuck the refs, fuck the steelers. Should’ve been a blowout if not for the INT’s and bullshit DPI calls. Time for a beer.."
Man after a crazy night of getting no typa action at the club I can’t take a double L in 2 days pls ravens win
So ready for this game! Nice to hear atleast some fans back in the bank!
Buckle in boys I have a chiefs feeling
Welp. Here goes dumbass pass plays.
Someone needs to deck Watt. He’s playing like a twat
"wow, hell of a throw. This mf so inconsistent"
"For everyone that freaks out after 1 sequence in a game, this is what composure is. Try having some"
"""UuUuGgGhHhH iT's GoNnA bE oNe Of ThOsE gAmEs IsN't It""



-No faith havin, good for nothin, doomsdayers"
Bad penalties
So tired of the Claypool hype. Man has one good game and people are getting their dicks out for him
"no, YOU have the ball"
"I understand the complaints about lamar, but let's also do the honest thing and complement the Steelers defense, they aren't slouches."
Can you guys stop bitching about TJ Watt? Jfc. Its football.
"Yall, Watt didn't do that on purpose."
Of course it was Watt. I know that particular one wasn't on purpose....but of course it was him
"Whelp, there go our SB chances"
Fuck the Steelers!
Can’t watch this game. There is going to be more injuries. I rather lose this game than see players go out for a season.
How is it only the start of the second quarter
"Never pass the ball again, I want to see an Army-Navy looking box score"
Steelers tryna KO Lamar FUCK TOMLIN
No helmet to helmet...? And LFG Gus Bus BABY
Fuck imagine if Lamar didn’t have that pick and fumble
It’s not helmet to helmet if Lamar runs BUT they seem to be looking to hit Lamar at every opportunity.
Where are all the haters that were in this thread 5 minutes ago?
Steelers are dirty AF
"Weak af, ref is a pussy."
Dude they REALLY want the Ravens to lose this one
"Goodbye Judon 

Hello Yannick"
These old as officials need to fuck off like. Absolutely trash.
Peters gets way too god damn emotional. Just play the game.
"Like clockwork, Judon is good for one dumbass penalty every game. 

Great personality, awful football IQ."
HIT THAT RAPE HEAD
"Did anyone actually see the Judon thing? He was pulling his arm free from someone else and it caused accidental contact with the referees arm. It was not intentional, it was not flagrant. He just caught the ejection.

The skirmish itself was boneheaded but the referee incident was really shitty refereeing."
Ben dramatically overplaying an injury? Why I’ll be dammed.
Lamar dude fucking he'll man
Gus having a good game.  Hope he's ok.
So they flag that but not the helmet shot to Lamar....ok
TJ watt pumped to do a course of steroids at halftime
Refs trying to hose us again lmao
"Tomlin knows adjustments. He's going to make Lamar pass. Lamar needs to play better. Pitts D will gas out in the fourth because of Time of Possession. 

Let's win this shit!!!!"
Overgrown it wasn’t catchable.
"Lamar looks like shit. Roman needs to go. It's like once we find something that works , we go away from it because we think we are too smart"
Lamar is going to single handedly throw this game.. no pun intended
This game should be 24-0 right now if not for some really fucking dumb mistakes from Lamar
"We need to stop being afraid of letting Lamar run a lot. Yes, it’s a risk but he’s not a top tier QB passing at all"
Lamar looking like a double agent for the steelers rn
Either we cant see on TV but it never seems like we have a receiver wide open like the ravens D sometimes gives up
3 and out. This offense is broken right now
Can we accelerate Dez from the PS? We need ANYTHING on offense receiver wise.
"Turnovers everywhere, 45% completion rate... amazing we're even in this game, honestly.

Lamar has to be better, and they have to give him some help outside. I'm sorry, but Brown and Boykin is not going to cut it in this league."
Are these refs on crack?
Shitted away a lead to the Steelers lost Stanley and I’m already hungover from last night oh yea today is going to suck big time
Lol bro who tf is J Balvin
"We don't game manage anymore. Instead we try to go punch for punch instead of protecting leads and running the ball and here we are. Every fucking week it seems like.

Lamar isn't an elite passer. I would say he is average and his decision making is poor at times.

So either we reel it in and manage games or we end up living by the Westbrook dying by the worstbrook"
Offense is sloppier than a blow job from a woman with no teeth
If you don't have the ball then block wtf Hill?
Of course Lamar is keeping that Hill hasn't done shit this whole season why would anyone think he would get the ball?
"FUCK GREG ROMAN!

ALL MY HOMIES HATE GREG ROMAN!!"
"btw, our streak of scoring in consecutive quarters seems like its coming to an end."
"WE HAVE 190 RUSHING YARDS

OUR O LINE IS DOWN 2 STARTERS

STEELERS LEAD THE NFL IN SACKS

OUR RECEIVERS ARE HORRIBLE 

WHY DO WE KEEP PASSING!?!?!?"
Lamar haters get fucked!
That was a bad throw. Way too much under that. Should have been an easy completion.
Lamar doesn't throw that so high thats a td
"Look at that divot. That's in. It's in by the tiniest margin, but one knee equals two feet."
Hollywood is great but not WR1 great. Having a taller possession guy in that spot would've paid dividends.
HE DID THE AB DANCE
We got our own fans rooting against us fuck the Steelers and the fake ravens
"Lamar's just as much as the reason the Steelers have a chance as he is the reason the Ravens are winning. With this line and lack of receivers, not many Qbs would be doing better."
Defense getting exposed again
Fire Roman right now what a fucking idiot
We win this game with a QB who can throw the ball.
JuSt rUn tHe bAlL!!!!???!!
4th and 3 let's run a gimmick play with Lamar...instead of pound it with Gus who's perfect for the situation. Jesus Christ Roman.
WHY did we go empty? fuckin run power I and get gus in there
still cant win a big game
Great Lamar had another chance to lose the game for the 2nd time this week....
I can't predict plays worth shit and I even knew what was going to happen with only Lamar in the backfield.
"This is ending with a Lamar turnover.

I want to be wrong."
Fuck this offense. It looks as capable as the worst Flacco years.
LMFAO what are these calls.
Hail Mary
Holy fucking shit
Hit on defenseless receiver? Ugh
That's defenseless
FLAG????
oh fuck off Fitzpatrick you clown
Last gasp play and you throw the ball the Willie Fucking Snead?
"I don't want to get political. 

But please don't forget to vote. Please"
I don’t want to see Lamar throw another time today
Our offense is so predictable. Run the ball for fucks sake
[deleted]
This team will be bounced out of the playoffs with the quickness.
The Lamar apologists are revving up the engine
"Lamar is fucking stupid this year when he's looking downfield with pressure. I swear this man doesn't know how to throw a ball away or get rid of it before 3 seconds. He just stands there pump faking and double clutching like a moron and he gets sacked or stripped. I love the guy, but Jesus fucking get rid of it. Everyone sees it coming but him."
Tj watt so fucking dirty. Why does he need to fling himself like that? What the fuck is wrong with these guys?
"I remember when game threads were fun. Memes, jokes, rhymes, funny stuff. Now it's just all complaining. I've become old i guess"
I might’ve lost faith in lamar
"*7-0 with 13 minutes left in the 1st quarter* 

Ravens fans: ITS OVER!!!!!"
You can’t tell me Lamar isn’t bad after this game
That loss is ALL on Lamar. Period.
Fuck trump
Gift
"Judon you fucking idiot! One of the most common sense rules, don't touch the damn ref! Especially don't swing at them when they're trying to break up a fight"
Sheesh Lamar... maybe we were too harsh on Boykin?
Any No Nut November participants in here?
Man I can't stand Roman. Deligate him to just making run plans
"Win or Lose, Roman needs to be gone. It’s been a trend on every team he has been apart of"
Fuck y’all sad ass trolls
I mean we aren’t crazy right? Last year his throwing was actually not bad. What happend to him that he’s unable to throw a decent pass anymore
Get to the fucking line Lamar.
"Usually, I’m proud to be a Ravens fan but you’re all whining like a bunch of little batches today...  the is gonna be a frustrating loss but it’s not enough to abandon Lamar... come on"
Lamar is literally the reason this team has a chance with it's lack of talent and you fans trash him anyway.
"that is a touchdown, these refs can suck my dick and balls"
Is it worth trading our first for buck Allen to supplement our running back core?
Not one throw the entire drive. Those last 4 calls were awful.
If they score I’m sucking my own dick
Faker. Dirty ass trick.
Roman needs to be gone
Did alright to overcome a shit game by Lamar. He even rebounded which was a good sign. Should've won that but it is what it is.
"What makes this worse is we dominated in every phase of the game. 

Unfortunately that includes turnovers and penalties."
17-7 losing 21-17 thanks Lamar
"Fuck tj watt, hitting Lamar late every play. Guys a bitch"
[removed]
[deleted]
TJ Watt fucking reckless goon
"This is what happen when you let dirty players play dirty without consequence, fucking hell"
"""Tj isn't dirty guys he always whips himself around while tackling a QB 10 seconds late!!!!""

https://imgur.com/a/UxOAUdU"
Concerning that Lamar's accuracy has gotten worse this year
Can someone tell me what’s wrong with lamar this year?
Tomlin sus
TJ a bum
"Let's stop this ""Fuck TJ Watt"" BS. It was clearly an accident."
So many cold takes. Maybe this fanbase has some fat we don't need
Pretty crappy throw.
Still a great game.
"Give the ball to Dobbins, don't let Lamar fuck up yet again."
Headhunt watt idc
Can't beat them? Dive at ankles and hit them late every play! What the fuck is tomlin teaching these clowns?
"Yeah Lamar keep tapping your chest, its on you. Yeah it is on you. Looked good in CLE and its been a downward spiral since. Awful bye week preparation vs an elite defense. Hmm rushing is working let's keep throwing."
TJ Watt fuck you u rat bastard!!!!! 🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼
Can someone explain how that was a dirty play by Watt?
Fuck the Steelers
Yo they talking to this Steelers clown about punching the ball out 💀 bruh we got Marlon Humphrey
"This will be a bad day for us. Their D-Line is much better than our O-Line, we will wtruggle to run the ball and lamar will be under pressure all day. Combine that with the weather, i think we lose 24-13."
Bout time Boykin made a play
Duv scores on that 100%
"Looks like it's once again, Lamar vs the entire other teams defense. Gonna be a long game of the defense isn't lights out."
LaMAr cANt rEad DeFEnsE.
Steelers sub thinks that TD was gifted by the refs from that personal foul...bet theyll be crying for calls when we hit Ben on every play and try to roll his legs up🤔
Fuck you refs we'll beat both you and pitts asses don't give a fuck
JFC Lamar...
COME ON LAMAR
That’s on Lamar cmon dude can’t do that shit
DELAY OF GAME
Season over
FUCK THE STEELERS
Figures. Right after we pay him
WHAT ARE THE ODDS. F U WATT
Didn’t look intentional but what a dramatic ass roll that was. smh
That looked like the Prescott injury.
"Full leg cast, thats an ACL FUCK"
More leg diving from Steelers in 3.....2....1...
Our defense will only keep us in games for so long. I don’t know if I expect us to do much anymore on offense for the rest of the season. Maybe EDC has something up his sleeve for Stanley cuz holy fuck this might have cut our season short
Not to dwell on negativity but fuck man that Stanley injury just deflated my energy :(
"Regardless of the outcome, hard to feel like this is anything other than a disaster due to Stanley’s injury"
Watson with the foot fetish
"Dirty ass hit on lamar there too, fucking hate this team"
That was a cheek clapping drive
Where are all u fake Ravens fans cape'n for the Steelers on that helmet shot to Lamar?
God dammit Judon
The ref flopped smh
Definitely not Judon's fault
Peters is a headcase. Looked like he initiated that shit to me.
"Good call refs, Judon playing dumb"
Honestly can Judon get the fuck off this team any sooner
Judon needs to sit for that next week. Idiot
These refs are so fucking soft man
judon you fucking idiot
"I guess you could say he is... Judone


Okay, I'll leave"
My biggest fear is one of our defenders doing something stupid and getting an unsportsmanlike penalty after 3rd down
"Already lost what, 3 players? Also, we had that drive on lock down, what a freaking way to give it to them."
Judon isn’t even worth the comp pick we MIGHT get from him
Damn we seem to be running better with the injuries 😂
"Is Hollywood playing in this game? Lol

Lamar really needs a #1 receiver..."
"Really bad throw, trying to force it. Cannot afford to give them anything. Lamar honestly got super lucky"
Lamar has been doing an elite Geno Smith impression today
What? That's a ghost call?
I feel like we get close enough for 40 yarder and fake it and let Koch throw a TD pass.
"I honestly thought Mandrews was going to make his name as a top 2 TE this season but man, he has been disappointing"
Hall of Fame
I didnt realize you could tackle pass rushers and not get a flag
Got away with one
Got away with one for sure.
Kinda done with Lamar atm not even gonna lie
"Y’al know what time it is ...

Trace Mc - SORLEY

👏🏼👏🏼...👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼

/s"
LJ is single handily bring this team down..
14 points gifted to the Steelers. Lamar can’t read a fucking defense I’m sorry to say it
Slit my fucking throat I hate everything
And after that i have just about enough of Greg I’m sorry boys I am now officially anti Greg lamar gotta throw it away but that playcall shouldn’t even have been fucking called
Wtf starting to not like Lamars attitude
GARBAGE PLAY CALL
Why is everyone blaming Roman because Lamar can’t complete a pass?
Lol Flacco time
"Also, be kind of cool if Yannick could generate a bit of pressure."
Dude I don't even want to watch this anymore it's too much to handle
This Drive is all on Lamar
How’d we get in this position? We had the game on lock! Run the ball and we decided to throw at every attempt. Disappointing
Some weeks Queen looks like a stud and others he looks like he is playing at the high school level
I'm also tired of so many people defending Lamar. He hasn't played well in the last 3 games. Something needs to give.
We can lose the game... but if we lose because we gave up on our run game I'm gonna need Roman to be on the hotseat
Burgerking > McDonald's
Hell of a lot of time left. Gotta go run down their throats
Really glad opening up with a throw right there great stuff smh
Titans are choking vs the bungles which makes me feel a bit better
We have no throwing offetwhat so ever this year. And we should have never traded away Hurst.
At what point does Harbs get on the mic and tell Roman to run the fucking ball?
Oh come on Skura
That’s clearly a touchdown wtf is romo smoking
That's a fucking touchdown
Lamar you floated that a bit much my guy.
His knee is 💯% down!!
Refs owe us this
Bad throw by Lamar tbh
Right knee was in. Clear and obvious.
"Sucks that it was called incomplete. No way these they overturn it, nothing definitive is going to be seen in their replays."
Head Hunt these fuckin refs
Fucking refs give us a break. Please
Cocksucking refs
"C'mon refs, can't come up with a penalty to call that TD back, you bunch of bitches?"
"Ball don’t lie fellas, give it time"
Lmao bitch ass overrated titans
is that dudes last name niggs?
Ok for real though this game is going down in history
Go with Gus
Here's the problem with this 4th down play...Greg Roman gonna call some asanine play.
"Lmao, in that case you can't put the ball in our worst offensive weapon of the day's hands. Give it to JK and it's a guarantee 3 yards..."
That’s a great play by the DT unfortunately
no shot y’all blaming lamar for that
This isn’t over yet...need a stop
Tbh i think we should seriously consider firing Roman
[deleted]
"lamar doesnt wear down the defense, dobbins/bus did. Wish we didnt have 0 rb on the biggest play of the year. Got a chance but I am ready ot be hurt again."
Why did Mark stop there? That’s on 89.
STOP THROWING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FIELD
Lamar has Andrews open
"Fuck it out in RG3 at running back, Duvernay at QB, Lamar at 0L and dobbins as a receiver 

Confuse the fuck out of Pittsburg"
Fuck Heyward. If we don't get time back for this the refs really do have it in for us
"Steeers fan coming in peace. Sorry for the injury, it seems really bad. I’d never wish anything like that to anyone. Sorry :/"
It’s gonna be a long day boys
"as much as i hate you guys, i hope he is okay and atleast come back this season"
Fuck TJ Watt even if it was an accident
Fuck Watt.
"Fuck TJ Watt, nowhere close to making the play"
"If you guys are really this pissy just watch the defense play, there’s not too much for you to whine about on that front"
Jump off a bridge ref
Judons last play as a Raven
Labum Jackson
Lamar ran NFL Spread offense in college idk what the problem is. He can throw so DO IT
can't believe we choked this
"Bad turnovers by the offense.

But the defense can't get the Steelers off the field.   Stop blaming it all on the offense.  Give me a break.  Wide open receivers."
I think we throw it and it goes incomplete or lamar gets sacked.
Refs win them the game
Lamar lost this game.
Lamar does not make comebacks. Get used to it.
Lamar has regressed
WEAR THE MASK YOU PIECE OF SHIT TOMLIN
Fuck living. Fuck these refs.
Wtf is this coaching staff gonna do about this trash reffing against us? What? Do something fuck
Man we handed them that game
The playcalling was (again) total garbage!
TJ having a day don’t see why you think he’s dirty for doing his job
[removed]
Steelers fan coming to say hope Stanely is ok. I love the physical nature of this rivalry but you never wanna see anybody go down like that.
[deleted]
[removed]
We aren't as good as we think.
lets keep passing! makes so much sense since its been working so well all day
And the hay is in the barn
Bonds fucked us that drive
"Lamar was the best player for the Steelers today.

 Fan with their heads to far up their ass to realize Lamar is part of the problem need to go away."
"""Lamar lost the game"" --yeah he did and it sucks but he wins games for us all the time. Joe lost the every other game for us. Still a 5-2 team. I'm confident we'll peak at the right time"
Bring in RG3 and run something wild.
Throw TJ Watt out of the league!
It’s okay TJ you’ll never be JJ
"Jesus this sub is toxic, you all seem to forget the Steelers have a team too, right?"
All you Judon apologists can lick my balls
"Man y’all complain after a game with advertsity, it’s like y’all expect things to go smoothly. Bounce back is coming back strong for lamar"
Let’s get it
LETS F U C K I N G GOOOOOOO
Is dez playing or nah?
"Whoever made the steelers uniforms look pink in these highlight play videos, I appreciate you"
Alright bois whatever happens have some truzzz
Hoping for no bye week rust. Let’s start of strong the second half of the season!!
Dez in the owner box?
Chris Moore will be out there on the kickoff.
Decent run. I'll take that vs the Steelers
LET'S GO RAVENS
tf
Fucking screens ffs
"On one hand, I wish he caught that, on another, that could've been a loss of yards..."
Damn that was a violent hit
Ofc Duvernay drops that
Another Roman screen 😂
Already...
Mother of God.
A bit high but you gotta catch that. Rain or not.
FUCK ME
Wow...Are you serious?
Wow.
Oh fuck no. OH FUCK NO.
What the fuck man
What the fuck
Yo Lamar just changed the play I have never seen that
God damn it
FUCKKK
Lol
Well that's a hell of a way to start.
Fuck
Just ugh
fuck
Shit play call on that screen
Yikes
Motherfucking fuck fuck
Damn
Was never there....
Ooph.
Well fuck.
Hate hate hate those shitty screens
WTF
Shit
I think I'm good
goddamnit...
Fuck
WHAT WAY TO START THE GAME
Does anybody know where John Har got his mask?
Yikes
Got damn it
Go figure
lol what a fucking shit start.
"If I jump from my favorite team now, everyone is gonna call me a wagoner. So, I need to wait until you're like 7-9 or 8-8."
Fuck
"Time to bounce back, Lamar"
Not a great start goddamnit
"Risky pass, but completed"
"Fucking terrible throw, terrible play calling"
Boykin sees Dez up in the box
Pick six already gonna be a great game
That's a good throw
Shouts out Boykin
The offense looks like they don't even want to be there today. Total lack of energy
THATS TWO FUCKING RTP. Call that shit!
Strategy here is to keep the ball out of Fat Ben’s hands. Smart.
Jesus christ Lamar. Now he hesitates and barely makes it to the LOS.
Garbage drive so far
We gotta send Orlando Brown some help
3 fucking guys right on top of that run.
Late hit city. Why is watt allowed to dive at his knees? He handed it off
Thanks Minkah!
Jesus christ
That's  not a foul at all but I'll take it
Can't get out of our own way
Bruh wtf
Stream quality is some ass so far SOS
I would think after a bye week we would've fixed the formation issues
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH THE FORMATIONS???
Guy has best porno stache.
Let’s fuckin goooooo
Lmao Snead so slow
"Love seeing willie get involved, he's underused as fuck in this offense imo"
"You gotta be kidding me, more formation penalties?"
Clowns should have declined that penalty
Drop counter: 2
WILLIE
Fuck yeah willie!
Really sick of these second down runs. We're gaining 4-5 on each first down run. Get some chunk yards
Are we coaching our guys as far back as possible to make up for lack of production on the line?
Boom!!!
I’VE GOT A NEED IV SNEAD
My stream keeps cutting out fuck this wind
The side-arm delivers!!!
...
Wtf was that?
SNEAD LETS GO I SEE YOU
What was he doing?
wtf
Roman?????????
Huh
God damnit Tyre.
wtf kinda blocking was that? xD
Um didn’t we trail against the 49ers?
There we go!
Roman? ROMAN? Call some real goal line plays
Holy shit what a play
Fuck the Steelers
WHAT A THROW
LETS GO
91 is getting fucking tired of that shit  boy
Let's GO!!!
Boykin there you go baby!
Leggo Boykin stepping it up!
Boykin with the hands!!
Boykin showed up today LFG
"Folks be shitting on Boykin, but that was nice."
LETS GOO
Embarrassing
AYY
Let’s gooooo!! Lamars feeling it now
LET'S GO BOYKIN
Thank you Jesus
Nice throw
"i think we need to use our TEs to bump the ends,might help a bit, thoughts?"
Boykin was benched no Boykin pick 6 he comes 2 for 20 and a td
Was that really a LB on a WR? he should have been more open than that
Wow
aight panic mode slightly decreased
Excited to finally see Boykin being using
"Thank God we have Romo as the commentator, praising his throwing instincts"
WHO THE FUCK AINT ACCURATE? THATS LAMAR MUTHAFUCKIN JACKSON BOY
thank god! we needed that throw
BURD UP
Lets see what our D can do baby
Glad to see the obvious block in the back called
"That was a text book run stopping play.  Everytime he went to go up field, we cut the hole."
"Hell yea Romo, tell the people what's what about Ben...as little as possible"
Ebron almost ended himself
Bring pressure.
Dude was stumbling forever
Come on bro
Flag???
Dude now THAT was a bullshit call
Really soft.
Barely a grab
Literally go fuck yourself
HOW IS THAT PI
Can't do that
Come on man
What? That ball was out of bounds by a mile you fucking idiot
Nonexistent PI
Bullshit call
Ducking actual terrible call
no bueno
OMG
At least Ben is getting pressured on these throws.
PICK UP THE BALL
We better get that
Refs bailing out shitty offense.
HAHAHAHA
YES
Steeler refs
CLAYPOOL MORE LIKE CLOLPOOL
BALL DONT LIE
Juiceman Punch lets go
Peter's had and then lost it wtf
BULLSHIT CALL
You totally redeem yourself!!!!
My dog!!!!!!!!
Fuck yeahhhhh
YESS
Peters learning from Hump!
"What happened, I reloaded my stream, and our guys are pointing like we have it."
"Damn, this game is already a rollercoaster"
You love to see a guy take responsibility. The juice is loose baby
punched OUTUUTUTUTUTUT
We’re a FF machine. I love it.
What a bunch of losers peters has that WRs number
"Damn laggy stream, it’s 7-7 but how did we get here?"
that was juicy
Welp
who's hurt
"Fuck, can't be taking more losses at o-line. EDIT: but maybe we can see how Fluker does now."
For fucks sake
I just turned the game on what the fuck is going on
Good running.
Dobbins!!!! WOOOOOOOO!!!
Good shit Dobbins
Was that the refs fault?
Dobbins look so much like Rice wearing #27 lol
LETS GO ROOK
#JK
ooo this is giving me 2019 vibes
LETS GO JK ALL DAY
I like this RB 27 2.0 guy
Fuck them Steelers! Trash organization
Needed 3 but we'll take the extra!
Chiefs fan here to say FUCK THE STEELERS. GOOOO PURPLE BIRDS!! 💜💜💜
"Sorry Mark, but Dobbins gonna have your spot next season"
Jk ain't messing around
"""The Steelers are going to blitz right here"" JK: Fuck Yoooooooou"
We. Just. Need. To. Run.
Oh yes. Here we go.
STOP HESITATING
Andrew's owned that man!!!
God fucking dammit dude
Bro wtf
UNLEASH THE ROOKIES!!!!
Ray Rice 2.0 FUCKING CONFIRMED
That boyle block was so niceeeeee
Y tf we running the Pete Carrol?
"Dobbins and a hand on the ground, name a more iconic duo"
...
I can't live through too much more of this.
Come tf on Lamar
damn
Very ugly
Its just getting stupid the amount of shit playcalling that is happening
How quick do we sacrifice Roman for a run on 3ed and 11
Thanks defense!
LET'S FUCKING GO.
HOLD ON TO THE BALL NOW PLEASE
RUN THE DAMN BALL!!!
We need to be more disciplined
can someone share a link to stream this game?
Gus is so good
Why did we decide to let Lamar change the play now?
Why are we forcing end zone passes into tight coverage when JK and Gus are getting 3-4 yards a carry. Let them punch it in or at least try and throw a quick slant
Lol what the fuck was that spin. Not an issue just why lol
No one open downfield.. what’s new
Oh no
Welp this is just horrible
#OMG NO WTFFFFF
Like butter
Fuck dude
Oh Jesus christ
please god no Stanley
Way to be decisive Lamar!
NO
FUUUUCK
He could have kept going too lol
Oh great. .... Just fucking great
FUCKKK
no :(
Crap.
Holy fuck ronnie stanley is hurt bad
Fucking hell
FUCK NOT STANLEY OH FUCK
Not good with all these injuries piling up.
FUCK
Who's backing him up??
Of course
No. Fucking. Way.
WTF HAPPENED TO HIS KNEE
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK
Gonna need to call this game jesus neither team is gonna make it out alive
Welp
stanley...
Run the f’in ball
jesus christ
*no*
"Fuck my fucking life, please no"
smfh
Fuck ronnie damnit
Fuck!!
Pain
Of course it was fucking Watt wtf man
NOOOOOO
Fuck everything
Well there goes any real chance of contending this season
Damn
:(
Please don't be serious please don't be serious
Time to fucking drink
Hopefully it’s not serious and he’s able to recover quickly
Well. That fucking sucks.
Damn :(
Looks bad guys ngl.
It’s just not happening for us. The line isn’t great as it is.
fuuuck. it looks like an ankle injury. better than a knee.
GDI
Fuck fuck fuck
:(((
"Damn, mekari got blown up"
"Fuck guys, hate to see that on a freak accident."
"Well that’s a broken ankle, huh?"
"another cursed contract extension

what the fuck man"
Jesus Christ that looked awful
Oh bubba no
FUCK FUCK FUCK
Fuck
fuck
Fuck
This is a reminder why I ALWAYS SAY INVEST IN BOTH LINES.
Late to the game gl ravens fans.
Can’t catch a break man
Gotta try and beat a top ranked D with a back O line now
Ravens gotta have a te and rb to help block don’t trust this ol
Looks bad. Prayers for Ronnie Stanley 🙏🏾
Fuckity fuckfuck.
Fucking side arm shit again
What's my man doing out there
Don't make that throw ffs
Try and pin them deep again.  Its gonna be back an forth awhile.  Thats ok.
Lamar I know you’re under pressure but wtf man. Can’t throw that
Isn't that RTP? Looked like Watt went low and hit his legs
"Well guys, we’re back to being a defensive led team."
Take the fucking sack. Holy shit.
COME ON RAVENS
We gonna give up running the ball now that Stanley is done? Need to use their aggressive rush against them
Hopefully the other offensive linemen step up
Defensive game like the good ole days
so are we looking to add a lineman this week? who's out there?
Man these injuries are just gonna hand the game to the Steelers
This game is brutal. My heart cannot handle this
"Time for another orange crush. We got this, their offense can’t hang with our defense. Let’s goooo!!!!"
Dunkin is Patriot's coffee.
“NuMbr OnE rUdH DeFeNse”
Y'all clamouring for Dobbins but you fell asleep on the Gus Bus
Let Gus Roll
Wouldn’t be too upset if Roman got a head coaching job this summer
Pound the rock!
The bus.
"pittsburgh is fucking garbage from what I've seen,
how are they 6-0"
Keep running this ball
RUN THE FUCKING BALL FFS
I love the bus
Run run run
DOBBYYYY ISSSS FREEEEEE
"Keep fucking that chicken, they can't stop it"
Incoming play action and sack lmao
Pound that shit.
JK
Feed that man. He's only been stopped one time
"Roman trying to be cute is the only reason we lose games, just run the ball you tool"
Run it again.
Jk FIGHTING for those 3
Fluker is a road grater. Probably don’t lose much from him coming in on that front
Run the ball!!!
Keep this run game going
All of our runs with Gus and Jk have been so effective just commit to it defense is getting the job doneeeeeeee fuck the pass
"lmao kick the field goal now

(jk)"
Lemme get a sack pls
THERES THE LLAMA I KNOW
"Came late, have we been running like this all game?"
And RUN IT AGAIN!
They can't stop our run game!!
YES
Run run run run
We can run? Like this? With a broken oline? Hopeful
Well look at that.. going to a heavy run game and the offense is moving right along
Setting up the run game for play action?
Ruuuuuuun
"I’m having trouble seeing on my crappy stream- who’s playing at line now, in which spots?"
Does anyone know if they’ll be selling tickets for the game against the Cowboys?
🦙🦙🦙
Doing what we should have done against Kansas City
Greg Roman all of a sudden: wow this whole running thing really works
Like DJ Khalid says .. and another run! And another run!
JK is a fucking laser beam
Run to set up the pass. This is what we needed
Apparently our only extra guard is Ben Powers right now.
Lamar should have 5-7 designed runs a game. Even if a few aren’t successful. You have to make defenses account for it. Pocket Lamar doesn’t do that.
Really dont need to run up the middle like that jeez
Pound it in
"Wow, Lamar lived through that stop."
O-line is actually still intact.
Fuck that hurt just watching
Andrew’s needs to play with more intensity and stop jogging his routes
Easy
let's go!
Right in The fucking head too.
"Picked up Gus in fantasy 5 minutes before the game started, made a good decision 😁"
No helmet to helmet call ...okay..checks out
The balls on Lamar
Gus will literally hammer this shitty overrated D Line into pebbles if Roman let's him.
The wheels on the bus go mf round !
Surely helmet to helmet!
Trash ass defense. Get fucked.
Does anyone know what the record is for consecutive quarters scoring points?
The retro logo hand warmer 🔥🔥
Gus deserved that TD.  LETS GOOOOO
"Fuck the doom and gloom, this team can win"
So many people over reacting to a rough start by Lamar.
Gus is having a great day today
Lamar needs to protect himself!
So why does pretty much every coach stand on the sideline but Roman sits up somewhere else. Is that normal for offensive coordinators?
Pick 6 incoming
Did you just see a duck flying?  Lmao
They not even trying Humphrey
"Look, even if we dont win- and it’s anyone’s game RN- at least we are playing solid football."
There's been a couple times this year if Marcus looks he has a pick
Did y’all see Judon dumbass hop inside on that run
"fast boi, getting past us"
Steelers got some bounty shit going on it seems like
Judon is so bad at edge. He bites on motion and screens constantly
Pernell McPhee locked that run down
This ain't going to be good
He literally put his hands in his facemask...
cmon...
Did someone tell Judon that his body was not built by taco bell?
Judon is going to get ejected....
Not mad at that fight
There’s a definite face mask there by Steelers let’s not discount that please refs
Welp
Judon you fucking moron
BRUH judon
They can’t make stupid penalty to keep drives along. Damn
Bruh why
So much for being able to rush 4. Damnit Judon.
",,,,,,,"
Big Money Judon
Judon wow
Maybe he’ll learn.
Judon should be ejected for that.
Maybe this is god wanting us to get a preview
Damn Judon. You idiot
How do you do that
Judon last season for sure lol
Just not a good day
"My lord. Judon most be so mad, seeing himself screw up his boom or bust year"
Let Judon ass walk. Dodo bird.
Dumbass Judon fucking up our whole D effort
That’s horrible. I’d rather cut him and lose games than have him on the team. We have a culture.
Soft
fucking hell
Back that ass up
We've gotta fleas someone with a Judon trade
"On the positive, I wonder if we can get some solid OL help in exchange for Judon."
Get them off the fucking field.
Calais how TF do you do this lol
JOKER
LETS GOOOO
JOKER!!!!
🃏 🃏
Mannnnn
Need to score here. Steelers get the ball to start the third. Make Pittsburgh’s incompetence hurt
Steelers shitting their pants right now.
Fuck what happen why judon get sent out??
2 minute drill lets go.
LETS FUCKING GO. CROW BOYS UNITE
Ben’s elbow acting up?
"I think you have to hand out 15 there, kind of like high sticking in hockey - it's up to you to control where it goes. That said I think a DQ needs to be off the table there it's clearly incidental."
Does Yannick just take the place of Judon?
Was that Chris Board's best play as a Raven?
One foot to the left and Gus would’ve broken that open.
Fuck if Dobbins jumped to the right on that play he might be gone
All this talk all season about the steelers elite d line. Love that we're running it down their fucking throats
Whos Pittsburgh’s backup?
Our defense and run game can carry us as sad as it is to think about I can’t even fathom it and it’s reality we might be contenders and have life after Stanley
Lamar tryin to kill my heart with this first down fumble thing.
I just wanna ask who's at RG now cause last I checked Phillips got hurt
My heart
Y'all remember that robot chicken fumbles joke? Lamar's nickname this 1st half.
"I really want a touch down this drive, but I'll take a FG."
TJ watt can’t stop being handsy with Lamar. Can’t tell if he’s being a scumbag or fancies him
not again man
Fuck
Pain
Not a catch
Lamar lucky...
Wait
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Lamar is trying to lose this game.
Thank god.
Lamar man he’s gotta be careful
NO CATCH
He’s killing me this game
"Ravens are still sloppy like they were before the bye week, which is concerning.  With what has gone wrong so far, I'm happy that we're even still in it, much less leading and driving."
God fucking damn it
Wow dude
Oh good Christ. Another pick lol. That was just an awful pass too. Way behind Boykin he never had a chance
Please come back but got damn Lamar stop it
No control
Damn hope that gets overturned. FUck
"Idg it

We’re running so well but decide to throw there"
FUUUXK GODDAMIT
Dumb play by Lamar. But our receivers dont have a fucking clue of how to come back to the ball or to settle down in between zones.
Boykin had his couple plays stop throwing to him now you know you're not on the same page.
Thats no INT but neither was Devin bush last year so we will see
GOD DAMN GREG WHY ARE WE FUCKING THROWING?!?!
of course!
"That was an in cutting route, no excuse for LJ there"
Fuck man props to the players for fighting hard despite all
"set up for an FG, get some more yards."
"Is it me, or is this like the third time our ball carrier has run into their own man? (Lamar twice, Gus once)"
Brown Jr. caught a fucking body lmaooooo
Orlando crushed that pull.
I think Lamar is trying too hard this year.  Not playing with the same confidence and swag he had last year at all.
"Look how good this team is when we run the ball.

It’s ok to be a running team, Roman."
Opi
Still didn’t fix the illegal shifts over the bye ? LOL
Keep pounding this chicken
Let's get some points up before half boys! LEGGO!!!
Hustle up boys come on
Too much talent on the field for them to lose.
Pretenders the lot of them.
Like we never had ingram lol
See Lamar? Throwing it away is not so bad xD
Turnnnn uppp
Bad throw
Boswell got scared for nothing after that pass towards the sideline
Just don’t turn it over
"Andrews doesn't slip I think it's a catch, spot wasn't that bad."
"Fucking wasted two downs, should be 17-7"
Bad spot
Go for it
Sheesh
Why call time
Cleveland and Ten both look bad today. We need to win this.
That’s a waste of a time out.  21 seconds is plenty of time to get up and run another play.  Should have one ready to go when running the 2 minute offense anyway
Dobbins is a dog
GOAT TIME!
What the hell was that
Holy shot wtf happened lol
I don’t like not taking a shot there little conservative
Dobbins is a fucking TRAIN
Jesus fuck mini heart attack there lmao
Harms mask moving makes him.look like a duck
Easy money
Tuck is to smooth it
Dobbins is the GOAT.
I'm all about a 17-7 lead at the half. Making the Steelers offense look like chumps.
"GET FUCKED ROMO, TUCKER THE GOAT"
Super heads up play
GOAT (Tucker) doing GOAT things!
"Way to fight back, Heart Attack Jackson!"
Who gets ball at half?
I just tuned in*. Can anyone fill me in?
JK Dobbins is going to wally pipp Ingram in the second half write it down
Whew!
Maybe I missed it but has there been any update on Gus? Is he injured?
"It's very surprising to see that every time the Steelers run or catch a ball, they protect the ball over anything else.

It's nice to see that our defense instills that much fear that they'll give up yards to try to secure the ball better."
Is nantz from pittsburgh?
LMAO where was queen
Who’s #38?
I feel like they didn't have enough guys on the line there either
Nice play Bowser!
Great play!
Bowser stepping tf up you say
Nice throw ben
Good shit
#BIG JIMMY!!!
NO FLAG
Why was Queen on JuJu?!
Punt bitch
Jimmy lol
Jimmy wrapped that dudes arm up😆
Refs cant seem to tell where the ball is going out on those punts
"Great job D, we need points now"
Flop
Let’s get a long 6-8 minute drive with a TD here. Good classic lean on you football
Time to see how their defense has adjusted to us running down their throats.
"Probably could have been a hold, PI I dont think so bc it was unwatchable, but that first grab could have been called. 

Jimmy knows exactly how much he can get away with without a flag though"
Wtf man
Just take the ball and put it on the ground.
Jesus fuck
What the fuck is he doing?!
Fucking shit run the fucking ball
You got to be kidding....
Is that 3 picks and a fumble or 2?
"I mean, that's gonna happen when every other pass has been interceptable today. Jeez."
That is a fucking TERRIBLE play
No!!!
Are you HIGH?
WHY
Poor defense
Absolutely atrocious
Holy shit galaxy brain calling and decision making is back baby !
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
What Are You Doing?
This team is going to cause my alcoholism
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
He is staring at his receiver the whole way.
Well fuck us I guess
Jesus christ.   Why the fuck.
What the fuck.
 WHY THROW THAT BALL MAN
god fucking damn it
That’s heartbreaking
What a QB!
Wow great start guys
It's inevitable when you fuck up so bad on offense
Fuck me
"&#x200B;

Well, that escalated quickly"
"Fuck, Lamar. Get it together"
Why do we make everything hard. We gave them everything today
G R E A T
Fuck. Least we still have 3 pt lead. We need another TD now though
I think that was queen out of his zone
what the fuck
That was a careless pass...
Run the damn ball
What are we doing here??
Fucking hell.
Wtf is going on
"Well that's two defensive fuckups since we came out of the locker. Can't lose focus. 

We are still in good shape, we've shown we can shake off the pick. Let's do it again."
3 turnovers in a Game wow..
Tomlin took so long to discuss that to give his D more rest DUH
I know he dropped that screen early.....but I'm still fucking loving Duvernay
Ugh
Fucking come on
finished.
Chris Moore citing
Fucking hell
Offense is very fortunate that the D has shut down Roethliesburger. Take away the short fields and the score would be 17-0
Isn't it crazy how this game has been but ppl just chill shaking hands. Like brown and juju on the sidelines too
No way
Phishing
Gonna lose the lead here.
Oh no we're talking about pass interference?
Really
About time
Super holding there.
Nice play Ferguson
We can’t stop them at all now
great
Holding #78
Fergy 😍
Fuck this shit
Fuck this
Fts
D made Big Ben look like a HoF’er. I mean he probably is already but still
Yikes
All momentum has swung to the steelers
So... what are ya'll drinking lol.
"it isnt fucking christman, please stop gifting them"
"PLEASE. WAKE THE FUCK UP OFFENSE. 

PLEASE"
"All right, time to set the tone like in the 1st half. Come on boys!"
"Great exactly what u need, a Mayfield ad"
Man I mean I'm not even surprised. You keep giving the ball back to a semi-competent offense and they're going to start putting points up. This is on Lamar
We need some better set up pass plays man this is just laughable
Was fucking Dean Pees calling the defense
DO NOT FUCK THIS UP. COME ON
Alright boys.  Time to pull out a signature win.
"Get Lamar into a flow screens, slants, etc. Rocket science I know."
This is getting ridiculous
We need a drive Lamar. No 3 and out. And definitely no turnover. No excuses man come on. Do better. This is a pathetic performance
Can no one get open? Lamar has all the time in the world but is never able to pass before he has to just run it for something.
Lamar is the anti mvp this year. Have defenses just figured him out or is it something else? Passes are off and he is hesitant to run
Lamar completely changes his base and blocks half the field. Dobbins was open for 7-8 yards
I died for a second there...
That’s so lucky
Stop fucking dropping back
FUCKIN A!!
BALL CONTROL
This game is going to give me a heart attack.
"Lamar with the incredible sidearm but JFC Andrews, hold onto the ball. Heart attack."
That was a fine play to Andrews but we literally can’t execute an aerial offense on schedule
Skura powned
stop holding onto the ball!!!!!!
Wasted down. We keep doing this. LMAO
Can we fire Roman??
Impressive
Loved that run attempt
Can we replay the last 7 minutes
What a read
Playing like its a downpour.    Jesus this is frustrating
"Our line makes me so sad, skura is absolute cheeks."
This was shit.
Hey we got a first down that drive
Nobody even thought of touching him
Play action on 3rd and 8? WTF are we doing?
If we could have just moved it to field goal territory.
Feels like the 2010 divisional
"Wait, why was hill in?"
Defense please step up we need the offense bailed out
[me this entire game](https://i.imgur.com/OSYTnb0.jpg)
Need the D to come up big here.
"is it a over reaction to fire the OC coming off this poorly prepared vs a defense that we should know well. No accountability, severe step back for Lamar and play calling. We go get a possession receiver in Boykin, hardly used in two years. Go get another fast play maker in Duvernay, have speedster Hollywood and cant even give them a chance. AJ Brown and Fulgam??? had 300 yards total. Cobb 100 yards. Where is our passing game? ah tahts right we cant throw."
Wtf is that playcall??? Playing scared or something
I don’t understand why we don’t run short pass plays to get the offense going. Our WRs don’t extend plays just stand there waiting for the ball. Lamar has apparently lost his high Football IQ. The play calling is completely archaic and pathetic. The O-line is pathetic even at full health. Like wtf???
"I’m more concerned with the fact that when we do pass the ball on early downs, which makes it easier on the offense, we can’t do shit. If I’m EDC I’m calling every team for a receiver. But then again, this doesn’t look like our year and we need a LT now, so not sure mid season trade is right."
Pick or strip sack common
Another thing Is our absent pass rush yet again
Alright good stop
Big
Nice job D
Defence really trying to win this game
Keep us in it D.
Alright let's reset
"Short field, we need a score."
Thank fuck
"Need a score on their drive

Otherwise, this could get ugly"
Good field position.   Good time to run the ball but watch....
"Great field position, again. Let's see if Lamar can do literally anything positive."
"We needed a drive starting at midfield. We need to run, hold onto the ball. Hopefully come away with 7, but at least get 3. No more turnovers."
Defense looked so dialed in today.
run. the. ball.
Please offense do something
This is why you can’t just run.
Wow. The Steelers really are scared of our secondary and defense 😂😈
let's turn it around
Again a waste.
They have LJ figured out. Steelers games are gonna be rough for our guy.
I dont care who wins at this point its 3:40 and it isnt even the 4th quarter yet let the game move along this is ridiculous
Honestly has Lamar thrown the ball away under pressure this game?
Bring in Dez Bryant next week.
We need to do a better job on offense. Whatever we have is not working.
I really hope Ronnie is okay or our O-line will be even more messed up....
DUVVVVVV
WE WENT DOWNFIELD!
Should have been a TD.
Oh look we are allowed to go deep?
Fuck yeaaaaa!!!!!!!
#DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUV
"The protection wasn't great but can Lamar not just crumble and take endless sacks? He doesn't even need to fucking run, just get out and throw it away or throw in the area of someone. He's playing like I'm fucking playing quarterback and not one of.the most athletic guys in the league."
Pretty much the whole year except the browns game the offense has ranged from unimpressive to downright bad. This is extremely concerning.
Why aren’t we running the fucking football?!? We overreact to the other team having a lead like pussies. I simply don’t understand it.
OKAY OKAY
Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuv
Beautiful fucking throw
A DIME TO DUV
The corners are gonna have to force a fumble at the Steelers own 20 yard line for us to even have a chance to score now. Lovely
Great throw great catch. Let’s go.
Let’s hope that changes the momentum of the game
Signs of life!?
Duuuuuuuuuuu
DUVERNAYYYYY
LaMAr ShoUlDn'T ThRow.
Wtf was that?!
Let's fuckin go man!! We needed that
DUV
That’s the type of big play we need
More playing time for Duvernay please I fucking love this kid
DUVERNAY. YESSS
Coming back
Oh look Duvernay does something with his chances
FINALLLY
Okay yeah my stream is definitely on a lag.... I’m guessing we actually moved the chains
Coming back
DUVERNAY
A better throw and he can catch and run
That boy fast
YESSSSSS! Literally been waiting since week 1 for another play like that!!!!!
"Obviously we can’t really see if anyone is open or getting any type of separation, buts Lamar does indeed have enough time to make quick decisions and throw but he’s hesitating. Idk if that’s because of above or he’s a bit gun shy now. He hasn’t dropped back and confidently thrown a ball all game. Even the completions he’s hesitated before throwing."
Fuuuuuck no holding
Duvernay is the only offensive player im happy with this year (except for Stanley 😞)
"When's someone's open, LAMAR CAN SUDDENLY THROW?!?!????"
Dude fuck everything
OF COURSE A HOLD!
Hope that quiets some down on here for a while
Holding
Offf course it came back
#GOD FUCKING DAMMIT SKURA
WHHHHYYYYY
"I'd like some misdirection in the run game please, steelers are just flowing with it"
Nice rob us
Like even when Watt is 2nd level he STILL makes a TFL.
Of course the o line fucks up again
FUCK THE REFS
Really.
SKURA I SWEAR TO GOD
FUCK
Are you kidding me
That's like our second deep bomb this season
Thats gonna be on us
Nice refs
Holy shit!  A receiver got open down field!
Don’t you dare take that mfer out of the game ever again
"FFs refs, screw you..."
God DAMNIT.
Wow.
DUV NEEDS TO BE #1
Skura is gaaaaarbagggeee
GET'EM LLAMA
We’re our own worst enemy
BULLSHIT CALL
WILLIE FUCKING SNEAD
Snead has been a beast this game.
I wanna see us play pissed. Get this shit
Ugh
Ok now let’s get some redemption and let Lamar run it in
All my homies hate the Refs
Snead with the YAC!!!
I swear Snead never does anything but when he does it’s big
Snead just ubered minkah
Good!
Nice fucking play willie. Get those yards back
"WILLIE SNEAD WAS ASKED HOW DOES HE FEEL? 

HE SAID MMMMM IM FEELIN DANGEROUS"
Fuck man. Lamar needed that confidence boost of a td
FFS Lamar makes a great play and Skura holds
lol what a weak call
"Refs can't help but stay involved.

Announcers are cowards for not calling that shit weak."
 That’s the tickets tackiest hold iver ever seem. Every play is a damn hold then.
Lamar finnally looking like lamar
"Fuck you refs, we'll score again anyway"
Greg Roman fucking sucks man
Lord
Ok now again
I could make that read
Out of bounds :(
Too small.
Ball dont lie
That’s close but I think he’s out
Maybe he has possession early while that left toe is still down...?
Knees down TD
"Did anyone see the catch review in the Dolphins game?

""Shin was down""

Why doesn't that apply here?"
The knee?
*bites nails*
"Lamar threw it too high, prolly thought WTF??? Seeing him that open lol"
It’s in the shins
Hmmm I think we scored with that right knee.
So damn close
This happened with refs last year too man fuck this shit
I still like the challenge even if it changes
They should give it to us for that bogus hold
Jesus this dear best buy ad is creepy af
Right foot and right knee went down before he rolled out of bounds
Maybe the refs give us one back for the horsehit hold and DPI earlier but probably not
"Knee was half in I think honestly. I think half hits the purple, half hits the white.

Funny enough, I'm actually writing an article right now on how the review process could be made better in football."
"Was he in control of the ball before his knee went down? I say he's in, but I'm biased."
They're not going to overturn it off but his right knee was down in the endzone
Top of his shoe hit
Call stands. Not a TD.
Barely tapped with the tip of his shoe
The shin looks to touch before the knee... but that's being generous.
"&#x200B;

Call Stands :/"
Call stands
Right call. Bad challenge by Harbaugh
I'm a little pissed they didn't rule it a TD on the field and let it be automatically reviewed. That's the shit I would hope for
Yessir
LETS GO!
There ya go!
I take back what I said fuck yeah
"Hate to say it but that throw wasn't good enough. Hollywood was open and the pass led him way too much.

Rodgers or Mahomes drops that in the basket for an easy catch."
I’m okay if they just try to run in it these next few downs. W or L. Don’t pull a Pete Carroll.
We will not be denied!!!!
Jesus thank fuck
Hollywood be like “HAPPY NOW LOSERS?”!!!!
Ok I’ll give Roman a pass on this drive that was some good play calling in the red zone
Why oh why can't Llama be this tidy on more passes?
I live to see the refs try call that back
FUCK AROUND AND TRY HE’LL DO IT AGAIN ANYWAY
LETSG OOOOOGOGOGOGOGOGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Fuck em baby
Let’s fucking go. Lamar is looking more confident this drive that’s what we need
Yessssss
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
"Thanks for showing up, guys. Massive drive."
"Wait guys I’m new to football, the play they reviewed, when he caught the ball his foot was in... why don’t they check the foot just the knee cuz you pleas explain?"
Fuck the Steelers!
Bengals defense is lowkey not that bad this yr tbh
Takeaway
"Great drive. Kinda bad throw on the first TD catch, but he was DECISIVE this drive. Looking great"
Of course Ben gets the flag
Fuck off refs holy fuck dude
Late hit McPhee
I believe we can win this!!!
I’m so done with these refs fr
They can not call that roughing the passer
The Bank would be rocking if the stands were full
Time for a big turnover
He fell into STFU ROMO again
Good job ref for picking up the flag. Good job .
Claypool so damn good he almost got that
Good shit refs pick that flag up
Why would Bowser come in there when Ben is already tied up?
Bonds straight gave up lol
Peters playing huge since that first penalty
What was Bonds doing after that catch
Why is bonds getting so much time
big relief
38 was like wot?
Get 38 out of the game.
Gotta finish the tackle
What the fuck is Bonds doing
"Holy shit, the refs got one right!"
"Thank you. If Lamar can keep taking shots, so can he"
What was Bonds doing?
"Rumor says Real Fan Dan been camping in the Bank since last season, so he could avoid lockdown protocols"
38 wtf
Wtf bonds
"38 just let go of that play, wth"
Bonds you dick that was a catch
I recognize this crew and I feel like they hate us.
Why did he just give up after Enron caught it??
Who the fuck is this bonds guy? Never heard of him until today and hes made a couple mistakes
These refs are going to end me. Pick up your flag you pricks!!
Steelers playing the old Flacco ref ball game
Every player in my fantasy team is injured this game but hey at least I got 6 points from hollywood
Bro who's 38????
C’mon...
Where was the facemask?
Bonds....welcome to the league.
"Gets bonds off the field, dudes getting clowned play after play"
Terrell that was a bad beat
Wtf was 38 doing on that play?
Bonds needs to not be on the field
Bonds is Frank Walker Jr.
Bonds Omfg
Why is bonds on the field? The fuck
did marlon miss and punch his helmet
Clark cmon
Yeah that’s a flag
"Good call here, unfortunate penalty."
Chuck you can't do that
That wasn’t a face mask
Ravens are beating themselves
What the fuck are these calls
At some point we gotta stop helping the Steelers
Brain fart by clark
That's not a foul dude you can tackle b5 the neck wasnt a face mask at all
Pressure's been great all game
Unbelievable
Who’s 38? Just gave up...
"This pressure is getting close, we need a sack"
Can we stop w these fuckin penalties
Who the fuck is this bum #38
our dline needs to learn you need to wrap his arms
Terrel bonds isn’t good
He is getting targeted non stop
This defense.....
Bad tackle around his neck wtf
Damn ya'll you could have had that
FUCKING CHRIST
Come on
I’m losing my sanity
Holy fucking fucking fuck
This game is a bitch I’m concerned about INDY now
Who is bonds and why is he in
Dude this defense is so easily exploitable
Marlo.. Could have had that.. We got this
Easy touchdown
Ah fuck. They took the lead. D is gassed and they're getting sloppy
Ben pulling joe flacco special
Someone punch this ref in the face
Egg the refs house
Will we ever stop playing man coverage ?
Let’s see what Lamars made of
Of course they dont give us the first there. Of course.
Dobbins is the GOAT.
Dobbins is the real deal
Was Dobbins a gymnast? His balance is the best I’ve ever seen
I love gus but my god man just run through him
Know what the AFCN and the NFCW have in common? Playing the NFCE
Oh man 2019 welcome back
"Fitzpatrick was going in on that ankle, what a piece of shit"
"The option pitches, while gimmicky feeling still, are working.  So I cant say shit one bit.  If it works, it works."
That lil toss by the offensive lineman at the end lol
Our boys are bigger than yours. Type football.
"This game should be 24-14. Mental errors, man."
We arnt abandoning the run I’m gonna bust 😍
POUND THE ROCK
Pls run
4 down territory?
"Decent run, could’ve called a better play"
Uhoh
Why does google say the game is delayed?
Wtf man
They have to go
this game has been insane
Well fuck
C’mon
GUS AND LAMAR OPTION!
"You in this situation, you running or passing?"
If we going for it anyways why not call a run play that 3rd down?
High stakes drama
this isn’t good for my heart
COME ON PLEASE
are we goin for it?
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhh


ahhh

ahhhhhhhhhhh"
I say feed Project Pat.
Fingers crossed...
I can’t watch
Oh man this is football
LETS GO BOYS
You know what. Run the option again. They haven't stopped it yet. I'm willing to go against them and just say show us what you got.
"*running the ball is clearly working*

Roman: ok now lets do some deep hail marys"
Lol I am very nervous 🤣
"Run the slot option, new wrinkle on the speed option"
Welp.
Well fuck me.
Fucking kill me
Fuuuuuuuck
Why?????
#DAFUQ
Fuck...
Fuck
Fuck
Bro
Outside run or screen pass
He dove too quick
Imagine not running it knowing we would go for it on 3rh down fuck this shit man
"*me to myself during these next 2 minutes* 
""You're fine. You're good, they got this. It'll be okay. Stop shaking. Don't poss yourself."""
That was a helmet to helmet hit
I would have rather thrown that
welp
What was that play?
Awful. Just awful.
Get fucked Greg Roman. They knew. Terrible play calling. Do a better job.
What the fuck was that play call you've gotta be fucking shitting me
The pass game is gone
Disgusted in this team
BOOOOOOOOOOO
About time we get a better center
FUUUUUUUUUCK
Pathetic
Thanks Lamar and Greg gg
Welp. There goes the division.
Fuck
You know - it will make it even sweeter to beat them on turkey day
horse shit play call. absolute horse shit
What a stupid playcall. No creativity whatsoever
Can’t believe I woke up at 5:00am for this shit
Welp.
"I need some statistics on 5 wide, does it ever work for us?"
They’re gonna get this game over
There goes the division.
Queeeeeeen!!!!
So about 1 minute to go maybe 60 yards with no timeouts and we need to score a TD
Do they fake it here?
Idc about the play call but we wasted 2:40-2:00 by being slow to the line. We could have had given them the ball back before the two minutes warning. Just doing dumb shit all fucking game.
We’ll see
Hope that shitsburg coach gets fined for keeping his mask under his chin the whole game
Believe?
Come on special teams let’s go big play
Proche run that shit back
COME ON RAVENS
my stomach hurts lol
Time to pray
Let’s see if we can throw it down the field and get DPI calls like they have been all fucking game
You have to go deep once.to draw a flag or grab it
8 seconds bois.....Wtf are we doing???
Oh no
Who caught that?
Let's fucking gooooooooo
WHAT
Lol
What would that have done
That was a lazer
Complete luck
He didn’t even try to extend the play what the actual fuck is the coaching doing
Someone looked open up the left sideline. Maybe Hollywood.
We beat ourselves for sure... But I do believe at the very least we exposed the Steelers. That winning streak is about to come to a swift end.
ahhhh i know mannnn
[deleted]
If Lamar can't make up for his mistakes and come out this game with a W we really need to start a dialogue on whos going to be the QB of the future of this team. Not even overreacting its the cold hard truth.
[removed]
Fees like a wrap on the season.
Why do yall act surprised? Lamar had one goof game against the browns and has looked like a regressed qb the rest of the season
"Totally acceptable performance by the QB! Keep down voting all criticism, Flock Nation! Super Bowl here we come!!"
Lamar’s playing bad but it’s against a great defense
Blame of the game: Lamar Jackson for two TERRIBLE interceptions that gifted the Steelers 14 points
Welp season is over.
"If Stanley is out, that’s a wrap on the season"
Fuck TJ Watt
"That’s a sprain, that same injury happened to Nick Chubb week 3"
"Stop passing Greg, you dumb mother fuck. You know the OL can't protect, even when our starters were playing. Now we got 2 backups and shit's all flipped around. They cannot protect Lamar. You can't be that fucking dense you dumb shit. Harbs gotta pull rank."
"Yeah, we ain't winning this unless the defense generates points."
Lamar is legit trash this year.
"“Let’s keeping running plays that haven’t been working this year”

- Roman"
Never seen a Ravens team blow a game so bad as we have
"Let's be real, it'll be oh we're almost there on O. They threw coverages we didn't see (not true) and blah blah blah.

Lamar fucked up and Roman is putting us in losing football. **Get rid of Roman**"
Marlon has been way too quite today.
Now we don't have an offense or defense. What do we do?
Hard to believe this Qb was mvp
I'm sorry Lamar looks pathetic today.. fucking cringe
Game on the line and Lamar doesn’t have it in him....fuck that hurts to say
[deleted]
Lamar can't pass for shit. Missed Andrews wide fucking open at 10 yards away.
RIP 2020 Ravens.  See you all next year
You guys are soft af complaining about TJ playing physical.
[deleted]
Is Lamar playing through an injury? He’s looked off the whole season.
Lamar can’t read a defense I hate to say it but his decisions can’t make me believe otherwise
That was a legit PI. Can't hold the jersey that long.
Dude fuck our staff. They put Mekuri in who is a liability and players get hurt because of it .
Fuck TJ Watt
"Fuck TJ Watt, this sucks so much"
Dirty af
Should be 21-0 😤
"It’s not a penalty on the hit to Lamar. He was a runner. It’s not that hard, guys."
Judon is an idiot
"Judon can't set the edge, can't pass rush, has retarded amount of unnecessary roughness penalties. IDK how anyone can defend him.

He is **garbage**"
"Uh oh, Ben needs an injury excuse now."
Is harbs a mouth breather
How to stop our Offense.... Do nothing Roman will stop calling plays that work
"This D is giving it up in the second half two games in a row.  

Little pressure and wide open receivers."
STOP PASSING LAMAR GOD DAMN You worked on your passing ability my ass
"You lose 4 starters, turnover the ball 4 times, and lamar obviously had a curse cast on him. Because I don't know what the fuck is happening with him."
"Lamar buckles under pressure, prove me otherwise"
"Yeah, I'm fucking turning this off.

Throw the ball away. Don't take a sack, don't take the hit, don't lose yards. Football IQ at zero right now.

This honestly has to be THE worst I've ever seen Lamar play, ever."
FUCK YOU SKURA
"Lmao at trying to blame Lamar for that. That’s just shit body control by Brown, he could have brought that left foot down."
"Thats all on fucking greg, what an awful play call. The run is killing them and we go 5 wide"
Game is over lmao
"We don’t deserve another chance to win but we get one, I have little faith we can March up the field but I will belee"
Horrible decision to throw it to andrews there
Ifc what ppl say that was a good ass game
"No O-line to help the guy, no wonder he does some questionable stuff"
that should’ve been a flag tbh
"this game is over. the steelers will win.

Lamar looks like a scrub rn."
"I get people not being thrilled about being in this position, but Pittsburgh's 6-0 for a reason. This was never going to be easy, Ravens-steelers is never easy.

We're down by four. Let's ram it down their throats, delete the rest of the third quarter and most of the fourth quarter, and cap it with a TD to seal the win."
Did the MVP award get to Lamar's head? Don't understand how he's regressed like this
Fuck CBS I don’t give a fuck what TJ lesser Watt has to say.
Today we need to establish that WE are still the 2nd best team in the AFC and a top 3-5 team in the NFL
It's fine let's stay positive boys we can do this it's still very very early
Why is he throwing in traffic
Greg Roman already calling a bad game and Lamar still in his funk
Was that an RPO??  Read that shit
Saved by the penalty
"I mean they took a shot but he was still in bounds , lucky call"
Pittsburgh d looks scared.
He must have heard this subreddit talking trash all week
Ya need my job so I can still not make enough to afford anything!
Peters is a fucking bonehead sometimes
Call it on every single play then because that’s not PI!
Lamar plays with no fucking poise
FUUUUCK
"Got damn it, is that not a pass?"
Lamar will learn. we Got This
Stanley gets injured a fuck ton.
Seasons over boys
Fuck the steelers
HES OK
Looks like broken leg (tibia/fibia)
Screw you Squeelerburgh...
Honestly the L will hurt less knowing we’re basically turning into the Eagles
Just get a fg please
".j.k88 lolq,  1a d.peixa0au,"
They gonna eject judon
"I wanna know who on the ravens coaching staff told Lamar to stop running. Dude is not a pocket passer. Run the fucking ball, kid"
Holy shit that Field Judge is a fucking bitch
"What a shit fucking call, fuck this garbage ass league"
"Moron , can’t wait until he’s someone else’s problem"
JUDON IS DONE. man he's useless
This league is so fucking soft fuck this bullshit
Just suspend Judon for the season
This is such a rough and dirty game. Feels like 2008 with way less superstars on the field lol
Judon literally good for a stupid penalty every game.
Glad it didn’t amount to points but it helped them in the field position battle
This has been an hour long kick in the balls so far
Lamar is trying to give this game away
No not Gus please don't tell me he's hurt
NOT AGAIN
That’s on boykin
"Throw the fucking ball overhand, what the fuck"
Fucking JV shit.
I don't even know whose jersey to get anymore. U like too many of these guys xD
Maybe we should resign flacco just to play against Pittsburgh /s
Good job Lamar. Brought them right back into the fucking game.
this game should be over
One good offensive drive and all of you will change your minds
[deleted]
"This game was a win if not for that last floated pick by Lamar. I'm legit disgusted. Just the fucking shittiest decision-making by him today.

I have to let it go because it's making not able to enjoy the game anymore."
Looking like the jets out there
"Simple reason this game is getting away from us, Veteran leadership"
"Come on Lamar! Btw, Trump is going to lose."
Wow that has to be justice hills first snap of the season
These refs suck cock
Ah the narratives are going to be great tomorrow. I would be ok to lose with Lamar playing great and not losing Stanley but Lamar playing terrible and us losing one of the most important guys on the team is even worst. Games probably over with that drive I don’t know if our defense can stop them anymore. I mean atleast were 5-2 and still loads of season to go but wow man
He’s cooked at least for today.
Why take that sack? Cmon Lamar!
"No ability for Lamar to throw a quick hitter and immediately sacked, WHY CAN'T HE THROW THE FOOTBALL WELL?!?!?"
LaMAr Is 2 BlaME!
How many fucking TD’s can they take away from us.....
How the fuck did his left foot stay suspended in the air
Why are we challenging? That's not a catch.
That’s a td
Knee was in
Thats a motherfucking touchdown man!!!
I'm not one to go on the internet and criticize a pro athlete but.....you can't toe tap that?
Bad throw that punk ass bitchhhhhhhssssss
3  yard  TD pass to Marquise Brown and now we lead 24-21      👍
Self inflicted gunshot wounds. No team in the NFL does it more consistently than the ravens
"Lamar seems to be wanting to run less. Probably trying to prove he’s a good QB even without his running ability? Either way, he’s screwing over my fantasy team"
A pick 6 would be nice. Isn’t ben contractually obligated to throw at least 2 a game?
This team man
"First half ravens d: lights out

Second half ravens d: pure dogshit"
nice
Please don’t run an rpo. You gotta do some kinda pass
Holy fuck Lamar fucking sucks......
Just so disappointed in Lamar.
nice no running back on teh field
Whatever this was refball anyways on to the next one
Can Lamar make the big play? Pittsburgh can
Here’s hoping for a butt fumble by the Steelers or a strip rn....man fuck these refs for real man
"Lamar lost the game at the start and at the end. But we can’t ignore another week of awful, awful play calling. Something needs to be done."
Lets hope we can get this wild card spot
Between bad calls and offense giving up points defense has balled out.
Greg Roman is senile as shit if he thinks that was a good play call on 4th
"Stupid mistakes aside, we have been BY FAR the better team today."
Now they gotta pass
Really pathetic
dammit lamar that throw was awful
Wasted so much time
Spike!!
Wow.  What a fucking joke.
Bye week seems to hurt our momentum because we are young team.
Our own fault for losing this game
"For all you fairweathers shitting on Lamar.  Relax, it’s wet out there and somebody studied some film on Lamar to see he throws low.  He’ll adjust."
Watt gonna be diving at Lamar's knees now
"Can't believe i'm saying this but...

RG3 would do a better job than lamar rn. Lamar is playing that badly. He is playing like a guy who wants to be benched.

His decision making has been awful all game."
TJ Watt is a fucking spaz
[removed]
"If we lose this it is 100% on Lamar

Dumb shit all game"
Get your fucking foot down. That’s Torrey Smith 2011 level of terrible
Lol no PI there. Get absolutely fucked.
Steelers played awful but Lamar played the worst game of his career.
[removed]
This is why we were so hesitant to extend him.
"Our line was already shit

See you guys in April"
[deleted]
How is JJ such a nice dude but his brother is such a little shit
Every time I see Lamar's fucking face today it's just a look of absolute confusion.
We need to come to the realization that we are not as good as we say we are
[removed]
[deleted]
Lamar is already down and you're going to come out rolling into the best linemen when he is facing away from you? Everyone knows thats the riskiest play vs linemen rolling up from behind. fucking cheap shit watt
Another dirty tackle by watt /s
"Pff injury analyst:

#Ravens LT Ronnie Staley suffers a major injury just after signing a massive contract. Prediction: Ankle fracture dislocation but should be ready for Week 1 in 2021."
Judon a clown
Can we trade Judon for TJ Watt?
"Fucking pathetic display of throwing by Lamar . 

We are not winning any fucking play off game if we have to rely on Lamar throwing the ball, and it’s not even debatable at this point. He flat out blows at passing."
Lamar needs to find a way to get his confidence back in the passing game. He seems so damn nervous sometimes this year in spots where he looked so confident last year. That titans game messed with his head.
I feel like people aren't taking into account how ridiculous that pick was for a linebacker. Still a bad decision but that was a redonk play for a linebacker
It's almost like pedophiles shouldn't be in the nfl hmmm
This team has no leadership...
"""Why isn't Lamar playing well?!?!??""  Loudly exclaims the fan of the team with an injured line, missing starters and completely covered receivers down the field."
[deleted]
Look at **Tony Romo**  😍😍😍
[deleted]
Season on the line here
TJ Watt did nothing wrong.
James Harrison and Troy Polamalu are the only Steelers I like.
Imagine if they had waited on the extension
"If Lamar continues like this next year, I'm done with him."
Steelers remaining undefeated meanwhile our season is pretty much over with 2 OL injuries. What a great fucking Sunday...Man I’m pissed. It’s like Lamar thinks it’s funny too.
"All the shit fans in this thread acting like Lamar is the one giving up chunk yardage on defense

This whole team is collapsing right now

EDIT: Fairweather racist fans BTFO"
"Let's be honest, with 4 turnovers by Lamar, we had no business winning that game"
Jesus guys he’s playing a really tough defense. Yeah he’s played a bad game but like c’mon. Game ain’t over yet
2 runs back to back? I don’t like the play calling at all
God I hate Lamar this season
Not Lamar’s fault. Nothing you can do there
If lamar throws another pick then fucking throw in rg3 lamar is playing like shit if we lose its on him and if we win he was holding us back god damn
"all of you wishing bad on TJ get a life, it wasn't on purpose. suck a chode fuckwads"
"Just tuned in, anything interesting happen?"
What a shit call
[deleted]
WR got ran down by a LB 😂
Steelers offense ain't shit anyway
Hollywood needs to do a fumble drill
That’s a torn ACL reaction.. :(
Y’all think that was a dirty hit?
We got the ball on their side of the field and won't even get a FG out of it. This offense is legit sad.
Lamar gonna be the next to get hurt if he keeps taking these shots
Hahah wtf is this game we should honestly be down by like 2 scores
All I know is if I'm close to Ben I'm gonna aim for that elbow.
Lamar sucks bro
We're going to lose.
Also Lamar can you please stop side-arming it when there's no need to?
"Lamars playing so great, he's definitely not part of the problem."
FIRE GREG FUXKING ROMAN
Just like the beginning of the game. Not worried one bit
At the end of the day if you told me we could be up 17-14 in the third I’d take it.
Maybe the football is to wet for Lamar?
I’m done fuck this
It's all on Lamar
That's a TD
right kneee down!!!!!!
Lamar... That throw has to be better to a wide open receiver in the end zone 😔
Lamar's passes are so wobbly lol
Wow. Defense is shit. 8 pass plays. 2 penalties. A wide open guy when we drop all but 3.
The Ravens havent beaten a good team this season.
How did I know Roman would run it up the guy. That was a stupid play call. Absolutely dumb
Does Romo know how bad Lamar is when playing from behind?
Look what it's like having a QB who can complete a pass o.O
"Guys, I think Lamar this season may not be very good qb"
"Ravens need to finish the job on his arm 

Arm for a Leg"
Gotta respect Ben. He will throw his arm off to come down from a deficit in the 2nd half.
WILD CARD HERE WE COME! we need the underdog status to play xD
[deleted]
"That's season over for him, and honestly for us. The weakest part of the team somehow just got worse."
"Steelers fan here: hate to see any player go down like that. Hoping for his speedy recovery

Edit: it seems as though this came off as disingenuous, which was not my intention. Thanks for the downvotes I guess"
I think Lamar might be a little scared today. He's getting popped quite a bit and nothing's been called yet and he doesn't seem like normal Lamar
[deleted]
[deleted]
Who gets the next pick? I'm going with Fitzpatrick.  Seems like a lock.
Chop block TJ Watt
Goodbye season
[removed]
"Pittsburgh’s defense is elite, remember that 49ers game last year? We haven’t looked any worse today than we did against them, I don’t see much difference honestly"
Amazing play by watt
[deleted]
horrible call
We couldn’t at least get a fg???
[deleted]
Watt is so dirty
Please don't put Brown at LT dude's way too slow to play that side
There is no way on God's green Earth that Lamar will last in the NFL if the Ravens keep running him head first into the defence.
[removed]
Last year we scored 2 tds in 2 minutes now we cant even get to the 50.
Fire Marty and Pees
"Go fucking empty set what the fuck is this shit. Dobbins is averaging over 5ypc. Fucking retarded in everyway.

How do any fans defend this shit. Our viewership is their $$.b his team is not an SB team, it's a playoff team with glaring weaknesses including OC, OL, DL and WR."
This team man...
I understand it's a rivalry but Jesus make it a game
"It sucks because while it should be a TD, the fact Lamar can't touch pass these really pisses me off."
Sorry but this ones on lamar
[removed]
Stanley always finds a way to get injured. Hope hes good
Lamar big game choker. Time and time again.
Lamar can for real suck a dick.
Everyone who here who says we can't  throw consistently or good Lamar is in his 3rd year now is when we find out if he is gonna be our franchise guy if we csnt throw we need a new QB right. Like I dont get the argument
"Great play! Glad Lamar isn't side arm throwing lol.  It's going to be a long match, their D is quickly penetrating hopefully we capitalize on that"
Oh NVM. That was DPI
Let’s go boys!!!!
God I fucking love this fucking tank.
That play right there shows me we need Dez on the field ASAP so you can throw the 50/50 in that situation
Whelp.  Might as well work on cap space now.
"Ow, when you can't walk off the field, that's bad."
you guys can beat anybody if you just play YOUR game.
I have a feeling we’re gonna hit Ben hard this series.
We’re all losers today if Stanley is out
I'm sure it's just my bias but it seems like Romo is on overdrive kissing Steelers ass this game.
Flag on Peters
Dirty ass team
Fuck off judon
Bye Judon
"Bye bye Judon

Get the fuck off this team"
Release him
Video replays are able to be reviewed by officials to get the plays right. Coaches can challenge a couple plays if they think things were called wrong to force refs to go back help ensure they get the call right. Why is the same not allowed for penalties? Why can penalties carry more consequences with less oversight? No fucking sense to me
"Like clockwork, Ben is being a big babby and playing up minor injuries."
Lamar........  What are you doing?
Dude come the fuck on Lamar
Apparently Lamar can't throw anymore
Lucky break
Yikes throw.
Why not try to pick it
"GREG THE FAT FUCK ROMAN STRIKES ONCE AGAIN, OH WHAT A SURPRISE. Yeah Lamar has made terrible decisions, but even Romo is calling GRo out, WHY AREN'T WE RUNNING FOR FUCKS SAKE"
Id rather Lamar play bad and we win this game than Lamar play good and we lose. He can always bounce back like last year for example.
Wait what did Judon get ejected for?
"Alright Lamar, now is the time to put the team on your back."
"They score here, it’ll be hard to comeback and win"
They pull pitchers don’t they?
"That was a bad throw to a wide open receiver, but I'll take it."
"Good holding call, but also damn shame what a run by Lamar"
lAmAR sHouLNT thRow (AgAiN).
Fuck the refs. Eat my dingus
He got the knee down
That looked in dang
Left foot wasn’t in
The knee is gonna be clooooose
This better be overtuned can’t afford to blow timer outs in this type of game...
Beat the refs and the Steelers they drive boys
BuT thE rEfs ArE aGaInsT uS
Alright that was a decent call
"Is this Lamar's fault, too?"
No faith in the O for this drive. Feel like we’re gonna need a defensive stop.
"Go Raiders and ......bengals, helped us out today"
This is game
Put in Trace!
I hate this team. We csnt even throw for 3 yards
And a fumble lost to add insult to injury
Run the option averaging 9 yards on either side I don't see why you don't do it again
Imagine if we kicked a fg. Hindsight 2020
Lol this is embarrassing
Jesus what a shitty pass to Andrews
Offense as a whole should be ashamed of themselves honestly
[deleted]
"YES 

(Not about the injury about the catch)"
This is poor
FUCK GREG ROMAN
Room is a shill
Lamar lmao 😂😂😂😂😂
TJ might be the dirtiest player I’ve seen all year. Dude is reckless
"3rd and 18, you're being tackled and Lamar throws a 5 yard pass that could easily get picked. Lamar sucks this season."
How the fuck did Lamar win MVP?
"Well, this season is over."
Yo anyone else worried Jimmy is gonna tear his Achilles. He had that injury all of 2017 then tore it in December. Now hes nursing it again
"I don’t want to be this guy, but is it time to put in RGIII? Lamar is still a good QB but he’s our biggest liability rn"
Hate to say this shit but feels like 7-0 steels
"Not sure the ravens could do anything this year anyway with Lamar forcing himself into becoming a passing QB, but Stanley gone means the season is done."
"So earlier you guys were blaming lamar, now you all talking about the defense? LMFAO, you guys are funny."
Sorry but Lamar is the Paul George of the NFL. Big game choker
It’s almost like all the interceptions & turnovers didn’t happen and it’s all the refs fault 😂😂
This is all Lamars fault
[deleted]
You guys are all fucking whiny babies the only that matters from this game is if we win or not and we're up by 3 with the fucking ball gtfoh lamar is having a bad day but that's our MVP and we gonna beat this undefeated Steelers team
Hot take: just forfeit to save the season. It's painfully obvious Tomlin is coaching these players to target our best players legs. Just get out of the game and live to fight another day
YES! CHEAT THEM
"Honestly PIT has this in the bag, just simply defend vs the run. We cant throw short, medium or god forbid long."
The refs made Lamar drop the ball fuck them
Hate to say it but Lamar needs to benched
[deleted]
So about that contract.....
"Not Stanley’s fault by I have had reservations about paying him, he’s a great tackle dont get wrong but with the exception of last season he’s not made it through a full season, he’s injury prone"
There goes your season...
injuries happen get over y’all’s selves sheesh
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Lamar has been a liability this game and it fucking sucks.
"I wanna know who on the ravens coaching staff told Lamar to stop running. Dude is not a pocket passer. Run the fucking ball, kid"
Never get why returners catch the ball at the 5.
Another awful throw by Lamar that will surely get Boykin blamed.
"Do we blame this on Boykin, too?"
All that and we only at the 35.  Wtf
Maybe we can finally see that lamar is a horrible passer
I just dont want to pay Lamar 35 million. He already peaked.
We're not going to win.
"KC & PIT fucking got our number (offense and defense).

EDIT: KC Offense and PIT Defense"
Lamar fucked up. Saw him hit his chest. He knows. He’ll get it done. Ben is trash.
i've just reverted back to not giving a shit this season
[removed]
Can't even get happy
"Yeah that's a hold, fuck"
if TJ did that you guys would lose your minds
"Lamar, instead of hitting Snead OR Dobbins at the first down marker, takes 2 yards to make it 4th....seriously."
Awful clock management
Look for passes man
Hollywood brown is wide open on the right there. Wtf. He coulda picked up the 1st and got out of bounds
Bread Allen looks like he's 5 years old.
This game is over. We suck
"Not a playoff caliber team. 
Lamar doesn't look like the Lamar that amazed everyone last year. 
That's how you play after your bye? 
I'll keep saying it, but there is a reason Greg Roman keeps having to get new jobs, and we are seeing it. His playcalling has been awful."
#Just turned it on- can someone do a TLDR of what I’ve missed?
[removed]
"What happened to Lamar ?

  
He is playing like the worst QB in the league"
harb's mask is ugly af
Lamars feet were still inbounds when he got pushed. Idk the interpretation of the rule tho
yeah guys that was so dirty cant believe he tried jumped at his ankle 😐😐😐
[deleted]
Ravens gonna raven
Snead is so slow for a small guy lmao
[removed]
Unwatchable
"Ok Roman, call 20 straight runs"
MVP?
ST fumble? That’s how today has been...
Boo him who gives a fuck they all get paid millions more than we ever will
[removed]
I'd give Lamar another season as the QB with a new OC but if he's still playing like this dudes gotta go
Stanley hurt? Shocker.
"People finally seeing that Lamar is part of the problem on offense.

-15 downvotes. Lol you people really think Lamar is joe fucking montana."
There shouldn’t have been more time. Everyone ran down the field. Then Pittsburgh took a timeout due to an injury. Those things happened in succession.
When do I get all my downvotes back :)
Wait are y’all really done with Lamar or is this some in the moment frustration?
Still can't forgive the fact that this game should be 24-7
Haha
No chance here
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Hollywood is another in the tradition of bust wrs the Ravens drafted
[removed]
"To everyone in this thread acting in the role of Lamar Apologist:

you just saw that fumble, right?"
[removed]
[removed]
You guys seriously expect us to be 14-2 every season? No shit Lamar looks like he regressed.
Defense being exposed now
Good fucking game guys refs looked real sus buuuut 7-0 feelsgoodman
[removed]
"Our defense is about as inconsistent as our offense this year.

Is Special Teams next?"
Lmao yall choke in EVERY big game with lamar
[deleted]
[removed]
"jackson to snead ftw... yuck

Gotta target boykin or something."
Peters is a whiney bitch.
[deleted]
Refs vs Steelers pathetic
"The Bus is in the hall of fame, not some average ravens player. find a new nickname"
Interception Jackson gonna choke
:)
%100 legal
[deleted]
[deleted]
3 n out lol
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This is a BOLD move. But I would not be angry if we benched Lamar. This game no longer matters. We do not want him to get hurt.
""
I believe your friend is a Steelers fan.
How did that go?
Dang mabye shoulda watched the game then talked shit
""
"This is amazing. You might not get the credit you deserve since everyone is in the gameday thread. 

But, this is Art."
"I’m gonna upvote the username, but I’m too tired to figure this out."
"With Ingram out, who do you think is the better fantasy start at RB? 

I think Gus may get more carries and would be a more likely choice at the goal line. However I think Dobbins could be a better choice in my PPR league."
Gus
"Probably Gus, he plays well against Pittsburgh and with wet conditions Dobbins holding the ball makes me nervous"
""
🐷🐷 let's get it
[removed]
Shit we just scored 😰
Calm down lol
"There's a game thread for these kinds of ~~posts~~ comments, isn't there?"
[deleted]
Fuck this game
Fuck
There goes our post season...
[removed]
""
Same! I missed part of the game but just watched the fumble and am hype rn
"Hard-nosed, ol’ school, smash-mouth football! At its finest!"
[deleted]
"Lamar threw pick 6, we score on next drive helped by questionable personal foul call and great QB play, PIT gets a makeup PI call but fumbles next play"
"Whelp 
Baltimore's offense is literally the only guys to score so far"
Stanley getting carted off the field. looks bad
