text
"Alright lets look at our remaining games:

* Week 12 vs the steelers, lets be real I expect us to lose this game
* Week 13 vs the cowboys Lamar tested positive on 11/27 this game is on 12/7 he might be cleared, even if he isn't I think we'll have enough of team back in time to win this one its the cowboys, they suck, we win
* Week 14 vs the Browns, they are very good, I think we can win but lets assume we lose just to be safe. 
* Week 15 vs Jaguars they are 1-10 chances are huge chunks of our team will be healthy, the Jags suck we going win
* Week 16 vs NY Giants they are 4-7 and suck we are going win
* Week 17 vs Bengals are 2-8-1 and their star QB is out of the season we got this

So in the next 6 games we have

2 hard games, Steelers & Browns. Its almost 100% certain we lose to the Steelers (Although we might win) lets assume we lose vs the Browns.

Then we got 3 what I would call the easy games

Cowboys, Dak is out

Jaguars, they are having a crap season

NY Giants they are having a crap season

Bengals are having a crap season and just lost their franchise QB

I think we are going to finish 10-6 and get the 7th seed. Now the NFL does have the option of expanding the play offs to include an 8th seed if they do I'm confident we'll get into the play offs. 

Also if we beat the Browns in Week 14 (entirely possible) we'd get the 6th seed

We aren't going get a bye week, that ship has sailed, but we are still likely to get into the play offs."
"At this point I'm content with not making the playoffs. If we make the playoffs then it is what it is but until the vaccine comes out we're just spinning our wheels. Every playoff team will have an increased risk of an outbreak. At this point we're playing with fire, and I just want our players safe."
"100% fine with not making it. This year has been deflating. I'd rather have the mildly higher draft pick than be embarrassed in the first round of the playoffs again. Hell, missing the playoffs makes it more likely that we get Roman out.

Rebuild and try again next season."
"Have fun, RELAX, and just go for the ride. Owner has already talked with Harbaugh and staff, they are just trying to make it out of the season in 1 piece. This season was fucked to begin with."
"This analysis doesn't take into account the teams we would be battling for wildcard spots, which is extremely important.

Currently ahead of us: Browns (8-3), Dolphins (7-4), Colts (7-4)
In play: Raiders (6-5)

The Browns most likely losses are: Steelers, Titans, (Ravens)

The Dolphins most likely losses are: Chiefs, Patriots, Bills

The Colts most likely losses are: Steelers, Raiders

The Raiders most likely losses are: Chargers, Dolphins

These teams play each other so at least one will get another loss for sure.

If these estimates occur that leaves their final records: Ravens (11-5), Browns (10-6), Colts (10-6), Dolphins (9-7), Raiders (9-7). 

If the Ravens lose to the Browns, they swap positions. The 3rd wildcard is extremely favorable to the Ravens this year. However, they need to beat the teams they should beat. They have a head-to-head advantage against the Colts, which is also huge this year. The Raiders and Colts have easy remaining schedules and could steal a win but it is not likely they will finish above 10-6, which would match the Ravens conservative estimate.

TLDR; Ravens need to take advantage of the easier schedule and will most likely lock up a wild-card spot in the final week of the season, barring a total collapse (fingers crossed)"
"What makes you think the cowboys with dak out are any worse than the ravens without Lamar, Calais, potentially Williams, Skura, Mekari, Ferguson, Ricard, Stanley, Boyle, etc"
"I’d be surprised if we didn’t make the playoffs since we play four scrub teams still. However, this was a AFC Champ/Super Bowl or bust season with very high expectations, so I mean who really cares if we sneak into the 7th seed and get to play KC first round lol"
"IDC about making the playoffs. This team isnt beating any of the Super Bowl contender teams.

I just hope that the front office will not let the staff use Covid as an excuse for this season. We had half a season to make adjustments and none were made. In typical Harbaugh fashion, we have to be forced into changes rather than adjusting on the fly. ( A consistent theme over the years)."
"Just looking at the past it seems like the ravens are just not capable of finding the best talent in the draft or they just aren’t capable for developing that talent. Probably a little of both. I think this season has shown there are many positions that need to be strengthened on this team. Offense line definitely needs to start rebuilding after losing Yanda. Tight ends should get back to their 2019 form with three solid guys who have their own duties, but are all capable of either blocking or receiving. That plan just complimented our run game so well and made out passing game a threat too. For the defense I think it’s time we find a guy to fill the void Suggs left. Not saying it will be easy to find a guy of that caliber, but we do need stronger pass rush. We are 4th in sacks but for the amount we blitz that should be way higher. We’ve let go of too many good olbs and ilbs the past couple years and it’s hurts when guys like Patrick Mahomes have all day in the pocket or Derrick Henry can run all over us. Ngakoue hasn’t been bad, but I don’t know if he’s proven worthy of a big contract. Given his career I think he’s probably looking for a large amount of money. Another position is cb. Jimmy smith is a free agent and he is having a good season but he’s at the end of his prime. Marlon Humphrey will hopefully stick around for a while, but watching Marcus Peters this season idk if I see a future past his contract. When we traded for him I heard Rams and Chiefs fans say he was overrated and he was kinda an all or nothing player, which is exactly what we’ve seen this season. I’ve seen Peters blow a lot of coverage this season leading to big players for opposing teams. Also it seems like every time he’s trying to tackle someone he puts in minimal effort and too often he doesn’t complete the tackle. He’s made some big plays, but it doesn’t seem worth all the bad plays. 

Back to the receivers. I think there’s some good talent in the free agent pool that’s already developed and the ravens should look there. If they don’t resign Judon to a big contract and maybe even let ngokoue go too that could leave a big stack of money to go towards someone like Kenny Golladay from Detroit, Allen Robinson from Chicago, or Chris Godwin from Tb. Ravens have had more success with veteran receiver than they have had with their own; Boldin, Mike Wallace. In summary spend big money on wr and use draft to fill other needs. 

Sorry for making this a whole essay, I just wanted to cover everything. I’d like to hear other people’s thoughts on this."
It honestly feels like most of our best Wide Receivers are guys we got via Trades or Free Agency.
"I think pass rusher on round one, interior O-line day 2. Really wish we ’d hit the late 1st rd jackpot with a olb like Steelers did with Watt"
"Sign Allen Robinson. Always draft BPA but don’t hesitate to move up for a generational talent at a position of need when the opportunity presents itself. 

Continue Lamar’s passing education and outside throws. 

Build both lines better. Keep the corners in a bubble to protect them. 

Get a full offseason of installations and conditions and coaching."
"I think the bigger issue is that our pass game is just schemed terribly. Teams with worse receivers have had success. We definitely need better wrs but I think bad offense scheme is limiting them greatly especially Hollywood, who should probably be playing out of the slot running short/intermediate routes with an occasional go but for some reason roman only sends him deep. But I still agree with this our window is steadily closing before lamar needs to be extended and I think we need to just pick up an established receiver who can immediately make an impact, and hopefully an oc who’s actually competent"
"Considering that our free agency is likely to be a few small resignings like McPhee/Smith/Wolfe and one big move (extending Ngakoue/Judon or getting a top WR), I feel like our first round pick should be whichever of EDGE and WR we don't address with our big free agent signing. Definitely also on board with Pitts if he falls to us."
"We can trade for better WRs. 

The other issue we have is we can’t develop receivers- spending big $$ and important draft picks on a WR might be a waste if we can’t utilize them properly. We need to trade for a big WR who can catch jump passes- if we get that, we’ll be in a better spot. We need more than 1 tho, otherwise we’re screwed again if our only reliable receiver gets hurt. 

We gotta fix the o line ASAP and we need better pass rushers. That’s a more immediate issue than a WR, Lamar needs protection."
"Really would like a bully DE who can wreck havoc, especially with Calais getting up there. Someone who can set the edge well but also get consistent pass rush. Also wouldn't mind another hog at DT. Beefing up OL is definitely priority but that might be 2nd and 3rd round picks depending on the board."
"I agree. Unless there’s a great receiver still available, I’ll rather focus on getting a veteran star WR. Allen Robinson and Kenny Golladay would be perfect additions."
The scheme/system we run needs to be crucially evaluated this off-season.
Will we even have any draft pics this year?
"Agreed. This team is incapable of developing WR talent, and has been since forever."
"IMO WR1 should be Snead until we find someone better or Dez develops into such

WR2 dez
WR3 duverney
Wr4 Boykin
WR5 Brown/anyone from the draft we find late or trades.

No reason the top 3 should be any different. Besides shuffling who is in for single or double wide sets. 

Brown has a lot to prove or make up for. Duverney has shown to be clutch when needed. And Dez is well Dez, what little we’ve given him has been promising."
"Ah yes we just need to find a HoF caliber guard, pass rusher plus a starting corner thats better then Peters in the draft and then pay a massive contract for a WR.  Someone get this on DeCosta's desk ASAP!"
""
"Enough is enough. I’m worried about our boys. I hope they decide not to fly to Pittsburgh today. They should wait until the last minute and not put any of these guys on a plane together unless they absolutely have to. This outbreak has to end. As per another Zrebiec tweet, they’re deliberating whether to fly out this evening or tomorrow."
Fuck Steve Saunders is a phrase that can't be said enough times.
Snead as usual getting more catches than marquise lol
They need to postpone this game.  This is beyond absurd and the NFL is looking so bad right now.
I don't even care about this game anymore. I just want our boys to be safe
""
“Player Safety”
Why are the Steelers ok with playing this game? There is no guarantee that the Ravens have this outbreak under control. The Steelers have so much more to lose right now if they get exposed.
"I'm not watching this farce. Fuck the NFL and it's brazen disregard for a public health emergency. And the Steelers should be at least as mad as anyone else, considering it's their players, staff, and families who have the most to lose from this."
We should legit just tell the nfl to fuck off and give the squeelers an unearned win to tarnish their season
"Is the game really going ahead? Surely, it can't."
"Play with what players...?

It's going to look like a borderline XFL team playing an NFL team with new positives every day it seems."
The NFL makes millions from every tv broadcast. They make exactly zero dollars from a team practicing. That is the reason. It’s all about the 💰
"What if, hear me out I know this is crazy, the players all just stand 6ft apart the entire game and don't actually play? Game ends in a draw, everyone gets game cheques, nobody gets put at risk, they keep their stupid undefeated season, everyone is happy.

Would be one hell of an effective peaceful protest that's aired on prime time."
"Steelers fan coming in peace...just wanted to say this game definitely shouldn't be played tomorrow. All it takes is 1 player from 1 team to then spread it to every other player and team. That being said stay safe, be healthy, and wear a damn mask everyone!"
"Dude, if we lose this game, we're never living it down. lol"
Just forfeit this bullshit if they have to.  It's not like if they played they would have a chance in hell anyway.
"If Ryan Mallet can beat the Steelers with a busted up team, I think RG3 can destroy the Steelers while riding the Gus bus"
Put all your money on Steelers money line. No chance this squad can win tomorrow with the players that are active and worst case scenario it gets canceled/postponed and your bet gets refunded.
We should never have had a season during a damn pandemic
This season is so fucking stupid that I think we're going to win this game and then go on to miss the playoffs
I see the nfl is adopting the Allen Iverson model
"Easy explanation, spreading the virus today would mean positive tests on gameday, big no no for NFL.  But spreading the virus on gameday is nbd so long as the TV money from the game has already been pocketed."
"I hate doing it, but im soaking up some Pitt -10.  If im gonna watch my JV team get rolled, I may as well make some money on it."
I’m usually pretty respectful of every fanbase but if we somehow come back from this and make the playoffs I’m going to talk so much shit to other fanbases lol (only exception is the Packers.) The amount of Ravens hate I’ve seen recently is absurd.
NFL don’t give a damn bout their players
This is bullshit.
"I’ve begun calling this “The preseason game nobody asked for”, atleast it’ll be (barely) better than the Broncos game, which was an absolute sham of a contest."
This is the NFL's way of punishing us without fining us I guess. Our team clearly has discipline issues this year. 100+ yards a game in penalties and responsible for the worst outbreak in American sports...
We’re so close to week 18 and the expanded playoffs
"I’m a lurker and a fan of an opposing team so I’m not sure if my comment is welcome... this is an extremely reckless and slimy business and personnel decision from the NFL. If the god damn commissioner fails to protect the safety of players, I truly hope the ravens (and possibly even the Steelers organization) come together and refuse to place corporate greed over players health."
Yea unfortunately either postpone or punish with a forfeit
"This is about money, not player safety. The virus has not been contained at the Ravens facility, the practice today was cancelled, yet the team will travel to Pittsburgh. 

Steelers are so dumb they don't see that the team will be bringing the rona!  Oh well... GO RAVENS!!!"
I thought about this today and maybe someone could weigh in. But what if they just penciled this game to the end of the season. If the ravens are too far out to make the wild card and Steelers get the 1st round bye then don’t play the game at all. This is an u precedented season and should be treated as such. It’s not fair for either team to 1 play an entire practice squad against a undefeated team and 2 for undefeated team to have to go on short rest because of an opponent’s reckless behavior and potentially risking your own teams future. Just some thoughts. And I know it also involves KC and the other close knit wildcard race
[removed]
😐
"Honestly give how many players we're missing, bad weather probably favors us. 

They'd stomp us in a match up with like 10 starters missing, but if the weather turns it into a slop fest maybe we get lucky"
This games gonna be TERRIBLE. Snow makes it even worse.
"I mean what’s the chance we even win against an undefeated team. Players are dropping like flies. Surely it’s in our better interest to forefit, rest our players and make sure that everyone and there families are safe and healthy."
"The forecast is 63 percent chance of snow with accumulations up to 1 inch.

I dont think that'll effect the game"
"There’s not going to be a game, it’s impossible."
""
Hollywood Brown will play the game on Madden vs Rothlisburger. Totally fair matchup
Just don’t let Faze Juju near the flipping controller
[deleted]
""
The stats don't lie!
"4th and 1 and Sam Koch is still out there to punt! Oh, wait it's a fake punt! Touchdown for the real OBJ!"
I thought Koch tested positive for COVID?
My boy Sam Koch!!!!!
"No offense, but Trace will never be Buck and neither will his meme"
"First, Lamar is a great QB. One bad year should not reflect how he will do in the future. But, here’s his problems. First, greg roman is calling plays. They have figured lamar out. They can’t keep running QB draw or speed option. Second, lamar has no WR core. His leading WR is Mark Andrews... that’s sign he needs help. Also, he’s need to work on throwing. Not saying he’s a bad thrower, he’s just not confident, because he has no WR."
"I keep saying this to everyone who talks bad about Lamar.
He is still a baby. I dont mean that in a bad way either. Last year was a look at a possible future outcome for him in my opinion.  We just got to give him time to develop and grow. 



Oh and a true number 1 receiver would help too"
"I would not say he’s having a bad year at all. Yes, this isn’t an MVP season but he has been decent and a ton of teams would much rather have his QB play from this season than what they currently have."
"> They have figured lamar out.

Strongly disagree with this statement. They haven't figured Lamar out any more than they have figured out Mahomes, the difference is Lamar has Greg Roman calling plays like a fucking moron, while Mahomes has one of the all time great offensive minds in Andy Reid. There are issues beyond Roman, the O-line being hurt and WRs not playing to their talent, but the primary issue is one of play calling and that's 100% on the coaching staff."
Greg Roman is the team’s biggest weakness (aside from injuries) and Lamar knows it. We all know it.
Bad year???? Lol what bad year
"Confidence is definitely a big thing. The Titans game was a perfect example of this. 

He doesn’t trust his receivers to make plays or get separation when they’re covered decently well, which results in late throws."
"Not that QB Rating (not ESPN's QBR) is the best stat in the world but I find it funny that people think Baker Mayfield is an NFL starter but LJ is a RB despite having a one point higher rating.

For the record I'm actually a pretty big believer in Mayfield's talent and thought he was the best QB in the draft coming out."
"This year, to me, has shown what a team and coaches means for individual performance. Brady is good and the Bucs have excelled with him under center but they aren’t perfect. It’s not nearly the same as his time in New England. 

Pat mahomes and the chiefs very much so are a scheming team. He does things other QBs don’t or does what they do better. He’s not the fastest or smartest but he’s the best currently.

Aaron Rodgers can turn on the jets and make amazing games and performances and sometimes put up ducks.

Bottom line is Lamar is an athlete who is doing what he can with what he has and the record shows the results of that accomplishment. But wins and losses are on the team, his coaches and how our opponents prepare for us.

He is still better than most in the league"
Can't teach accuracy unfortunately. Every play should be an RPO for him to optimize his abilities.
I’m not saying I think we’re going to win but it’s football right? It’s snowy and maybe the defense wins the turnover battle early? I believe RG3 can at least manage a game if we are leading. Just have some hope!
We haven’t practiced since a day before the titans game
"The line has moved to Pit -10. Can we win? Sure, its theoretically possible, any given Sunday and what not, but at the same time, I'm expecting a slaughter."
"Gus the Bus and Justin Tucker...

Plus Sam Koch can throw a mean 15 yard pass."
Imma need Harbaugh to plan a ridiculous amount of trick plays if we want to even stand a chance and I mean A LOT. Something like what the Pats did to us in the 2015 divisional round
"RG3 will be starting behind a makeshift OL with a rookie UDFA center, with ZERO days of practice for the group. 

The DL is missing over half it’s starters and all it’s best  run stoppers. 

And we don’t have a long snapper on roster, and whoever the backup is will be doing it on ZERO days of practice. 

We’re a full team equivalent of the Bronco’s QB issue and it will look like it on the field."
""
"Yeah, and I could fly too"
I knew we drafted him for a reason!
It’s all fun and games until he drops the controller
"lmao fr

bro needs to spend more time watching film and working on his hands than playing a shitty video game"
Just put him in the slot.  Like c’mon he just isn’t big enough to be a good outside receiver and the staff needs to acknowledge it in the gameplan.
Not really
[deleted]
"Lord have mercy don’t do that to yourself lmao 😂 
Win or lose I don’t want you to be sick 🤕"
"Im not worried about griff, I am worried about our lack of availability causing increased snap counts, combined with a significant lack of practice this past month, which will inevitably result in more injuries"
Please don't do that - how about doing what I'm doing and [donate to his foundation](https://www.rg3foundation.org/)? I told my wife that if Bob wins I'd purchase his jersey. Well I have too many jerseys already but if the $100 can help someone in need - I'd rather support that.
Strangely obscure and specific dare. We have no chance to win so I believe you should step up your bet to 3.75 ounces of used Lucas oil from a 1972 Chevy Nova.
"The idea to eat foot powder is relatively funny, but the execution could be tragic. Please don't eat anything that's not meant for consumption."
These are some tough times but please don't eat foot powder.
"I'm all for believing, but I'd probably feel a little better if our brand new team got to be on a field together before we had to play"
I’m pretty sure RG3 got covid too :(
"Visiting DC, want to get Ravens swag. Any places you’d guys recommend? 

Hopefully one not in a mall.

Thanks!"
"I live in Maryland in the DC area and I’ve always found it pretty easy to find Ravens apparel at Target. I don’t know where you’ll be staying or how far away from DC you’re willing to go, but most Targets in Montgomery County or PG County will display a moderate amount Ravens gear alongside the WFT things. 

If you’re hotel is in Maryland and you don’t mind driving, any Target in Howard County or Anne Arundel County will be an absolute jackpot for Ravens gear. I’d personally recommend the Target in Maryland City because as far as I know, it’s the point in AA County that’s closest to DC. It’s crazy how crossing an invisible county line makes finding Ravens gear much easier lol"
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k3yu0b)"
Looking for the meh / indifferent option
[deleted]
""
"Edit: why tf is the most popular choice 9-7 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k3yz82)"
What about 10-6 and making the playoffs?
What about 11-5 AFCCG
"I can’t believe the most popular answer right now is the ravens going 3-3 over the next 6 games. Steelers whoop us, sure. I can’t find two more losses."
Do you know that 7 teams make the playoffs this year?
Way too much negativity here
"Too many scenarios here. We could go 10-6, and lose in the championship game."
All the people that picked 9-7 please tell me what losses you have.
"You left out the most likely option - 10-6, make 7th seed. From there, whatever happens, happens. Hopefully the Steelers drop one to the Bills or Team or some shit because I'd rather play them than KC in the wildcard."
12-4 is still an option.
"The culture seems to be off... obv winning helps and losing hurts culture, but it seems like the offense hasn’t had fun since the browns game. I think a lack of preseason and training camp to work out kinks has resulted in lots of tension. The offense seems one moment from total implosion."
I don't even view this season as a season anymore.  Covid has made the games unreal.  This year is a do-over.
"The ""Truss"" didn't get us far last year when we got embarrassed in the playoffs."
"I don’t think this season will finish, covid cases are on the rise, and will continue to rise until feb. NFL has less of a plan that people even thought, they chose the “head in the sand method”. Basically, they are just going to plow forward and the season will either finish with no competitive integrity due to every team missing guys everywhere, or it will end due to someone of note fucking dying which is even worse"
"I agree. I see immaturity, mental weakness, and a lack of leadership on both sides of the ball but especially the offense. I think Yanda not being present has greatly impacted us, not just for his skill as a lineman but his reliability as a mature leader who helps set a winning tone. Last year our team thrived off the fun and energy of winning and dominating. Covid and losing games/not executing has made this season less fun and colorful, and our guys not equipped to deal with it. The leadership from Ingram has been flat as well (though that could be his injury). I wonder if this year of Covid has made it hard for coaches to be the leaders they need to be as well. Not sure, but I do think the lack of cohesion and focus on our offense is a direct result of the locker room being too young, too inexperienced, and lacking reliable emotional/mental guidance"
"This season is like a season long playoff game. Whole team came in with superbowl expectations and put huge pressure on themselves. Titans choke only added to the pressure before the season. Season started off well, but as soon as they met a bit of adversity in the Chiefs game they crumbled under the pressure of their own expectations. They ve abandoned the run and lost their swag. The defense is soft.

It s just a season long playoff game. This team has no heart. They were good last year when they were playing loose and free but that confidence is gone since the Titans playoff game and Chiefs game this year. This young core cannot handle expectations and pressure, and it falls squarely on Harbaugh. Where is the toughness, the resilience now that Lewis, Reed, Suggs, Yanda & pre-Harbaugh players are gone? 

My only hope is that we limp into the playoffs with everyone expecting us to lose and pull off an upset. Its always been Harbaugh weakness/strength to choke when favored/overperform when underrated. 

I any case that would unlock something with this team. If we lose another playoff game this core is going nowhere before a rebuild."
""
I will also slam a shot of henney in solidarity
Slam is a strong word lol he’d take a shot before each game (more common than you’d think)
I just don't understand how any team can play if they suit up 35 or so players.  People are going to get injured.  out of 11 offensive starters we have what 5 available.   So how does a guy who hasn't played 20 snaps this year play 40 or 50 snaps against a starter and not get injured.
"If the Ravens somehow win this game. No matter if it’s ugly or not. Then it somehow sparks our team to win out and land in the playoffs, we can make a serious run and this game would be the magical turning point story line that the media loves to eat up. 

I still have confidence in this team."
If the ravens find any type of Energy like last year there will be a run in store
This game is not a must win for the playoffs.
"I agree. If win tomorrow with everything and everyone against us, it would be the quintessential Ravens thing to do."
We're running the fucking table man
"I think we could make a run even without this game. If we're healthy for the Cowboys and come out angry, then I think we still have a shot at the #6 seed. As long as we don't play the Chiefs in the first round, I think we can get some traction going and at the very least end the notion that Lamar can't win a playoff game before it becomes a mental blockade/self-fulfilling prophecy"
"I think we can afford to drop 2 more and sneak in that #7 seed - we have the tiebreaker over indy and I see them dropping 2 more (steelers, raiders), and that's assuming they beat the texans twice"
"Last year we learned the painful way that the regular season means nothing. Especially in a year as shitty as 2020. If we can managed to only lose 1-2 games for the rest of the season we’ll probably make the playoffs. We’ve performed great as the underdogs in the past, no reason why we can’t do it now.

Realistically though, we’re all just sacrificial lambs on KC’s quest for a repeat. I’m fine with this year being a down year, but next year we have to do better."
"I misread this as Homeric Optimism.

Maybe the cruel gods are toying with us now but we're fated to win in the end and to drag Ben's body around Heinz Field?"
I feel that with the amount of shit piled on the Ravens right now that winning out is in the cards.
""
Honestly so tired of the tweeting
"He used to be the one steeler I didnt dislike as a person. Now, not so much."
This dude talks a lot of shit for someone who looks like a nobody when he plays us. Marlon Humphrey is fr OBJs and Jujus dad. Jarvis Landry always puts up numbers when he plays us but those 2. Non factor
lmao this is great
"i mean i want to talk to our manager as well, no way should they have been letting that guy repeatedly break mask protocol, should have sent his ass home for the day until he learned how to behave like a responsible adult"
This dude talks a whole lot of shit for a third option behind a rookie receiver
Haha
Big Dick DeCosta would get Juju sent to the Jets while Ravens walk away with Pittsburgh's 5th and the Jets 2nd.
Is he the most hated now? Or is TJ watt still up there for most hated current player
""
""
"I realize he's not the only player to fall into this category. I know that Tucker (and the rest of the Wolfpack), Snead, Gus Bus, among others have also been consistent and effective this season, but I feel like they all get their due but I never really hear much about Tyus on here.

His stats may not jump off the page, but every game he seems to be around the ball, generating a good pass rush, making the occasional big play, and not getting dinged with foolish penalties.

I remember [this interview he gave over the offseason](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi5c6dSpkp8) where he was candid about not living up to his draft billing and thought it was refreshing how he just owned up to it, never blaming anyone else or the scheme or whatever, and reiterating that he's committed to stepping up, which he has done so far.

Really hope we're able to keep him around; I think he has a lot of potential going forward."
Love Tyus Bowser. He's not great at anything but he's pretty good at everything and that's useful as hell. Underrated guy. King Motherfucking Koopa!
He’s slowly become one of my favorite Ravens. Really battled through the adversity of being called a bust in the first couple years of his career to now playing well for a big contract. Hope we keep him.
I swear this man should play as a permanent ILB. Jack of all trades master of none.
"I got a signed Tyus Bowser Jersey, and it hangs on my wall as my only ever signed jersey. Hope we resign him"
This season isn’t what anyone of us could have imagined and perhaps we may not even make the play offs. But as soon as Stanley got injured I knew our window to win a Super Bowl under cap was fading very quickly. We’re gonna be pretty cash strapped for a while after this year fingers crossed we find a cheap veteran wideout and maybe some key picks in the draft otherwise we may have missed our chance for the next couple years
"Provided we play tomorrow, and while nothing is impossible, the odds are pretty well against us. However, is anyone else less concerned about taking the L and more worried about injuries? No practice time, bodies are acclimated at all, and bad weather. We’re already so short handed, I don’t want to lose anymore guys."
Taking an L still hurts no matter what. Tomorrow is seriously going to feel like a preseason game. Never felt so dull about a ravens game since last season when we played Pittsburgh in the final week where the game meant nothing to us. Feels bad getting swept by your rival I hope we atleast sweep the browns and put them back in their place.
"Yea, injuries are my only concern, mostly because we have no depth right now, so some guys might be on the field for 100% of the snaps. I've already accepted that we are losing if the game is played, so my only hope is that 1) we can come out of this game healthy, and 2) see something from our younger guys who will get to finally have their ""preseason"" game lol. This game should be about trying new things for the remainder of the season."
[deleted]
What happens if no positives today but positives tomorrow?
So like....what are we hoping for....?
Would rather see it postponed myself.
We should just forfeit and pack it in. This shit is stupid at this point
"Here’s where Tuesday’s game stands, per sources:

If all the \#Ravens’ COVID-19 tests come back negative this afternoon, the plan is to practice and travel to Pittsburgh tonight.

If any more players or Tier 1 personnel test positive, the game most likely would be postponed again.

***

posted by [@TomPelissero](https://twitter.com/TomPelissero)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"If anyone is looking for a bright side, at least they can’t catch it again for 3-6 months."
"""Hey uhhhhhhhhhhhhh Hill you have COVID now"" ."
[deleted]
I dont think we have the cap to sign a top end receiver
I dont think he'd like this offense either. Our best receiver gets like 20 yards a game.
Why would Allen Robinson even want to go to Baltimore? We have one of the worse passing offenses in the league. It would be career suicide.
Anyone thought about Godwin? I don’t see him staying in Tampa with all the talent there
"I doubt he'd want to come here, he'd get even fewer looks than he does in Chicago"
"I think next year owners wont be willing to dish out big contracts because of the impact covid has on the cap and we'll see a lot of 1 year deals and if he takes a 1 year deal, I doubt its here."
Re-sign. Not resign.
[removed]
"I want to see a team just show up but refuse to do anything. Take knees. Give the ball up.  Stand there and let the other team score.  Rinse and repeat.  

Denver should have done that to make a point.  They took injuries yesterday and for what?  It was a joke letting a team play with no QBs."
Lol why would teams fight it when it was the owners that agreed to these procedures
Lol the players had a chance to sit out
"NFL players and coaches knew what they signed up for this year. Those who chose to opt-in and receive paychecks knew what was at stake. You’re looking at fines and even suspensions/lost paychecks if you ruin the integrity of the game. Whether you have Patrick Mahomes or a guy who hasn’t played QB in years, modern day NFL will punish you for (obvious) suicide."
That’s cutting off your nose to spite your face. It never works.
"Maybe Denver shouldn't have had all their QBs in close proximity. Maybe the Ravens shouldn't have had that dumbass coach walking around without a mask and his beacon thing while showing symptoms. 

It's a shitty situation that we're in. But the controls put in place were ignored, and here we are.

That being said, if there are no more positive tests, and the health experts believe the spread is contained, there's no reason to move the game."
""
"Everybody got COVID, wolf and company gonna have to play every snap with no breaks cause there’s only 3 guys on the D line, Queen may have to play d line cause ravens are so short, it’s gonna be snowing, everybody hates us and wants our downfall, ravens haven’t practiced in over a week, 🙅🏾‍♂️, if rg3 gets hurt our punter may be playing QB no cap. Biblical prophecies."
[deleted]
""
For some reason my Dumbass still believes we can win Tomorrow but yet I’m going to be disappointed once again. We’ve been disappointing and abysmal since October can we atleast take some kind of W football gods?
bro I hate that the football gods said hey wanna get fucked in the ass this season and before we could say a word they came down and gangraped us
As a chiefs fan I’m totally fine to let you guys borrow Patrick/Kelce/Hill for the game!
"I feel this in my soul after losses in key games vs PIT, NE, TEN, and KC..."
"https://local.theonion.com/man-who-thought-hed-lost-all-hope-loses-last-additional-1819565674

Why is Shia in this meme now?"
Actual cannibal Shia Labeouf
[deleted]
This won't matter even a little bit to Browns fans.
""
"We're not voluntarily forfeiting unless every single player is on board. There is a lot on the line for these players every game, thats why they didn't opt out in the first place."
""
Marquise would smoke him.
Finally Brown could meaningfully contribute this year.
Our soulja will finally be put to good use
Watch... both teams have some kid on the practice squad who is a Madden semi pro player no one has even  heard of stepping up.
I’m down only if we get to use legends roster and they don’t
Hollywood's chance to actually be a soulja and ball out.
I love this idea.
It's a better idea than anything the NFL has come up with.
"I mean, Nascar did it lol"
Let’s just do this already and beat the crap out of the dumpster fire that is the NFC East on MNF.
Brown bouta clap them in madden
[deleted]
"Call the game, Rog.

[From Deadspin](https://deadspin.com/do-the-right-thing-and-call-off-ravens-steelers-nfl-1845775055)

&#x200B;"
"We all know we want out of Greg Romans offense but I never see the ideal replacement.

Who's your dream replacement for Greg Roman? I'll start.

Matt Nagy. I want someone with a west coast background while still maintaining RPO and run-option concepts for Lamar. He also incorporates a lot of pre-snap movement. This still takes advantage of Lamars legs and focuses him on throwing where he's most accurate, short and in the middle of the field.

Nagy needs to be fired of course but I would love to see him here for a year or two with Lamar. Who else ya got?"
"Gonna hit you with the hard no thank you on Nagy my dude, the Bears offense is literally on par with the Jets this year. 

I know this is super unrealistic but I wish we could just throw a brinks truck at Lincoln Riley."
"Umm James Urban? 

He’ll be an OC next year, question is where and considering his relationship and development of Lamar I’d like it to remain here"
"Put the latest madden on a microsoft surface and do ""ask madden"" plays before every snap"
Either Mike McDaniel (run game coordinator) or Mike LaFleur (pass game coordinator) from San Francisco
 Ravens coaching legend juan castillo
Ayo this dude said matt nagy 😂😂😂
What about Byron Leftwich? As a former NFL QB perhaps he could relate to Lamar in a way GRO couldn’t.
"If we look outside of our staff, I'd have some interest in Mike Kafka, KC's passing game coordinator."
"No to Nagy.  A system similar to Kubiak's, with the focus on the run, play-action, and bootlegs would suit Lamar well.  Another option is to dig into the college coaching ranks and try to find an up-and-comer who will utilize some creativity and maximize Lamar's potential.  I haven't watched enough CFB this year to even venture a guess on who that guy might be though."
Jim harbaugh
"Not seeing a lot of good ideas here, and I don't have one either.   Maybe we should get our roster shored up and hope the O can return to last year's levels.  And keep GR"
"This would absolutely never happen but I would be extremely intrigued on what Bobby Petrino/Lamar Jackson. While he did run a lot in that offense, they were absolutely lighting people up in the air as well."
Joe Brady
""
"The irony is if the NFL made the Ravens play, their team would be as bad off as we are rn. Do they just not believe in the virus or do they not understand it at a basic level?"
"Ahem.

10-0.

But FR this is hilarious. Our sub is infested with the crybabies."
"Jokes on you, we’re plenty capable of losing that game! Lol but forreal being a Steelers fan these past couple weeks feels cringe, it’s been bad on Twitter and Reddit"
"I made the mistake of going to their subreddit. Glad to see the rivalry is alive and well, but...I won't be doing that again. That was ugly at best."
They got their mini-bye back. Just before they play us instead of after. (Which helps them mor)
Steelers fan here.  This made me laugh
"I love that Steelers fans are getting all bent out of shape about the game being delayed because they think it benefits the Ravens.

The NFL doesn’t give a shit about player safety, it’s literally just asking “okay, how about tomorrow? How about tomorrow? WE NEED TO SELL ADS GET THE FUCK ON THE FIELD.”"
Fuck the steelers
You should cross post this to r/nflmemes
"Honestly football can fuck off right now. These whiny Steelers fans are raising my blood pressure. I’m gonna go meditate till the game, if it happens, and see how that goes."
"I can see why they’re posses about the idea of playing WFT on short rest. Really, all this lies at the feet of Goodell. He needs to move this game to week 18. It’s the only way out of this mess."
They're also complaining about the WFT getting rest like they arent gonna steamroll anything coming out of the NFC Least
Steelers fan and that was pretty funny lol
"were 10-0 and about to be 11-0 (sorry bout that) but yes, both teams have had it rough. i don't support a lot of my fellow steeler fans in hsaying that the nfl loves the ravens anymore than they love the steelers. yes, its a lot of reschedualing but its to keep every player safe, not to make one organization happy. but seriously, i think we can all say rip the broncos man"
"We're 10-0, thank you"
Doesn't change the fact that the ravens ruined Thanksgiving.
"Are you guys serious right now? If the tables were turned and this all happened last season when we were fighting with the Pats for home field, we would be bitching just as much. They did get their bye week taken and got their Thanksgiving schedule fucked by us and will indeed have to play again next week on short rest. None of it had anything to do with them.

I'm sure all of us were bitching about the Titans being careless and breaking protocol and wanting draft picks taken earlier this year, now we are saying that Steelers should just suck it up? I agree delaying the game is better than forcing sick people to play, but I'm sure they'd rather us have to forfeit for our control failures and maybe lose a draft pick rather than get their schedule fucked to accommodate."
Y’all are delusional as fuck.
[deleted]
In 1997 Michael Jordan played game 5 of the NBA finals against the Utah Jazz with the flu. No one was afraid to be around him. The Bulls ended up winning the game in the final moments of regulation time. Winners don't quit.
[removed]
"Slow down, Reed was a master at his craft. I like Deshon but to compare him to the GOAT safety this early in his career, that’s a bit much."
He's had a solid year but this is unfathomable hyperbole. That's like if last year I were to say Chuck Clark is the next Polamalu.
ridiculous post lol
"Um... Did you ever watch Ed Reed? He literally changed the outcome of a ton of games. Elliot has played well, but he isn't even close to what Ed Reed was, even in his worst year."
lol I hope you are not this premature in bed
"I've liked Elliot since we drafted him. He's a great football player with good instincts and make clutch plays, dating back to his Texas days. But there's a reason he dropped to the 6th round (which I thought was a steal btw). He's too limited athletically to become one of the greats. I think he can be a bit of a liability in single coverage against better TE's or quick backs. With his nose for the football, I wouldn't be surprised to see him make a probowl one of these years, but let's pump the breaks on the Ed comparisons"
""
“Player Safety”
The wait is killing me!!!
"This is being way over fucking complicated. Just throw in a week 18 and give the Ravens a week to recover for the Cowboys. Why does the NFL insist on making this so difficult?

Play the game you’re gonna get players hurt and probably spread Covid to everyone who didn’t already have it and then to the Steelers. Just play fucking week 18, it really shouldn’t be this complicated."
Bueller...
The ravens are forfeiting
""
If there’s no new positive tests I’d have to imagine the NFL is gonna force this game to be played.
Tests allegedly come in around 4pm. It's also supposed to snow in Pitt tomorrow morning meaning we probably have to fly out tonight. I guess our players are just waiting with their bags packed just in case?
On one hand I just want to watch some ravens football again. On the other hand it’d be nice to have this game moved to Week 18 so we’ll have our starters back
"At this point, if they won’t push it to week 18 when we can potentially compete with a chance of winning, let’s just get it over and done with. Almost certain we lose, so let’s get it done and out of our lives forever."
"Pure speculation: the NFL is going to do everything it can to keep the game even if it is NFL’s version of JV football vs a competitive pro team

This isn’t just any game, but a NBC, nationally televised game.  There are what - 18 of these in an annual contract (17 Sunday night weeks + thanksgiving).  This one was probably supposed to be the biggest carrot since it was supposed to be on Thanksgiving. If a team, and by extension the League, admits fault/an inability to play, the League probably have to pay the network a huge penalty"
What even is our OL going to look like.  Like is Bozeman going to be center or are we going to start a UDFA in Colon at Center and keep Bozeman at LG?
""
"Hoping everyone gets well soon but especially Mark Andrews. 

Also, fuck Steve Saunders."
I thought these guys already tested positive? Or do they have to test positive again to negate a false positive before being added to the list?
""
"So a bad drop and 2 not that great throws, i fully believe Marquise and Lamar will get right for the offense"
good vid on what happened in Hollywood's shutout game. Whats on him and whats on Lamar.
*Sigh*
""
How the hell did they get activated? Don’t you need 5 days
BRODERICK TIME LETS GO
Ah I thought Iman Marshall was out for the season?
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I think they should wait for further results and fly tomorrow. We won’t be getting a real practise in before the game that will give us any type of advantage. And knowing our luck, they’ll all pull a hammie in walkthroughs or something."
"Steelers fan here.

There is quite a bit of bad blood between us and Ravens fans right now. I truly hope all of the players on your team and their families get through COVID alright. (And any of you that have got the COVID or your families) 

I'm working on this whole trying to spread positivity thing in my work/personal life. I hope that all of you had a good Thanksgiving and that life isn't too shitty for you right now. In the end we're all just people who want to be happy. If the game gets canceled or postponed again it is what it is and I'm done getting upset about it. 

COVID has totally fucked my life up in regards to being social or seeing people and everyone seems to be on edge lately at work and in public."
Put a snow plow on the Gus Bus!!!!!!!
Oh thank god
The show must go on! /s
Lol
Aint jet lag gonna effect them. Smh
[deleted]
I have no idea what a wildcat strike is but it's provocative
Hell yeah I respect it
"I hope they do. NFL totally botched this season.


Edit: There were numerous ways NFL could have done this season that would've allowed for a bubble. One way that was suggested early on was a divisional bubble so that it would cut down on the amount of people at each facility by an eighth. Each bubble would have no more staff than the total NBA had."
"People shouldn't have to risk their lives because of a sports contract. I'm all for it, force the NFL's hand"
Lets get the season cancelled so Pittsburgh can just wonder WHAT IF.....
"I hope they do. Not only risking their health but the Steelers as well. And anyone involved with the traveling process. 

Postpone the game. If there's no possible way to do that then forfeit."
"My heart can’t take this roller coaster man please make it stop

Give us week 18 already"
Take back the power! ✊
"Hopefully this will force the nfl to cancel or force a forfeit. It just doesn’t make sense to have the ravens playing any earlier than like thursday this week and that completely fucks the Steelers. 

For once do the non-profit focused decision and make the right choice.

Edit: changed push the game back to cancel"
I can dig it
"Per source, there are new fears of Ravens players refusing to play tomorrow night, which technically would be a wildcat strike. It could create major issues between NFL and NFLPA, if it happens. Potentially, it could jeopardize the balance of the season.

***

posted by [@ProFootballTalk](https://twitter.com/ProFootballTalk)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
If it’s Florio saying this take it with a grain of salt.
Strike sounds like a forfeit to me.  Good call Ravens.
Should tell them to push the game to Thursday and move the Dallas game to Tuesday then you've got a deal.
This game is pointless. It's dangerous to Ravens and Steelers players. It should not be played. It should be rescheduled to week 18.
"I'd like to see a gentlemen's agreement for the players to just get on the field and stand there for 60 minutes in silence. Someone else on this sub suggested it, and I was originally against the idea, but that was like 2 postponements ago."
Fuck the Steelers.
Go Ravens!
Mad respect to any players who can organize and pull this off!
Lmfao
WE ARE FANS OF THE REALEST FRANCHISE IN SPORTS HISTORY BOYS AND GIRLS.
I meannnn they could’ve opted out if they wanted to. I feel like this is all part of the shitshow of a season they signed up for might as well just eat the loss and regroup for the playoff push
I believe PFT rumors as much as I believe OJ didn't do it..
"I don’t like this look tbh. 
Everyone had the ability to sit out earlier in the season and now that the risks they took are coming back at them they wanna go on strike?
I’ll admit it’s a shitty situation that could’ve been solved but the players knew the NFL was gonna put money above them so they had the option to sit out if they wanted."
"Why though? They had the option to opt out. They’ve been playing all year with the risks. The Broncos just played a game without a QB, what do we have to complain about as long as we have 53 people?

Or is it because they haven’t practiced all week? 

Genuinely confused about this."
"If the ravens claim him, wouldn't that cost more than 8m? Should we risk letting him clear and sign him cheap"
"He wont reach us in waivers, wr needy teams ( ie Pats) have a higher waiver priority than us."
"A team with a lot of cap room will probably claim him, I think we’d have a good shot if because of his cap number he doesn’t get picked up."
I don't think hell clear
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
How about the Baltimore NeverAnyMore+  ?
Portec yur Face from Corvid
F them crows...
""
"I wonder if this is really true. So far I've only seen Florio and his unnamed source reporting this, and other outlets just parroting his report."
[deleted]
I think it's when the RB leads the strike instead of the QB.
""
Yay we might get a practice in
This is all so fucking stupid. Impossible to imagine the NFL handling this worse. Just add a week to the end of the season why is this so hard?
Can we get any other players back with the extra day?
"At this point, do you start preparing for the cowboys and just roll out what you can for Pitt?"
People on Twitter really think this is a harbaugh conspiracy and not the nfl being dumb as always
Just forfeit. Fuck the league. Fuck the Steelers. But let’s not fuck around with half our starters out.
Damn this is fr a shit show. The NFL must be fuming right now. I just wanna get this game over with now. Heard because we weren’t able to even practice today... what’s one extra day going to do for us ? We were still going to lose regardless. They let the broncos Play with literally a WR as QB... why are they giving us more time man just let the beat down begin already
Fucking forfeit already.
I'm cool with the L at this point. I just wanna get past this fucking game.
It’s just embarrassing now. A national story that keeps getting refuelled with each postponement. Teeing up for a more embarrassing loss
"CANCEL THE GAME. FUCK IT.  


the nfl came into this season not giving a single solitary fuck about the covid and look what happens. they should have never had the season. I don't give a fuck about oh the practice squad auditions or whatever. fuck it. a pandemic is more important than that.  We got 260K dead, healthcare workers fucked, millions about to be homeless and hwatever else. fuck a football. We got half our damn team with the fuckin rona. Just end this farcial bullshit"
"“We care about Advertis-errr Player Safety.”
The NFL"
"Insert astronaut meme format: this game is officially a total disaster?
Always has been"
"Checking in as a bucs fan, if they play Wednesday or Thursday, can lamarr play?"
"like i seriously dont understand why.......are the people that got tested positive at the beginning of last week perhaps gonna be about to play? if not, why not just play Tuesday?"
I think it's mainly because of the incoming snow tomorrow keeping Baltimore from practicing at all and getting to travel plus the cases
[removed]
[deleted]
"Wouldn’t it be something if Thursday with the Cowboys was still going on unchanged?

Someone better be sending crab cakes to NY overnight."
[deleted]
The nfl should move it to week 18 and stop it with this bs
""
"The NFL is really so desperate to play this game that they won’t give us week 18. They’re willing to jack everything up to make sure the super bowl isn’t moved, that’s all this is about. They don’t want to reschedule the super bowl"
[deleted]
The rest of the NFL world seems to think the Ravens created the Corona virus and gave it to themselves to help spread it. The amount of people coming for the Ravens is ridiculous.
I'm looking forward to watching this game with my grandchildren in December 2068
The only team that should legit be pissed is Denver for the bs the league pulled with them
So let me get this straight the NFL just doesn’t want to push back the Playoffs and Super Bowl? They just want to be right on schedule ? Why else would they not just postpone the Game to a week 18 what fucking harm does it do to the NFL if they play around mid February still? The NBA literally stopped for 4 months from March to August and the Finals were in October when they normally end in Like June 12th the latest.. they pushed back everything for like 4 months. How is the biggest sport in America this incompetent?
I wish they'd just make us forfeit I'm tired of all the Steelers fans bitching
I’m getting tired of this.
"An extra day between the last time the boys practiced, yayyyy!"
Just fucking forfeit this shit is getting ridiculous
The nfl would save themselves from these headaches if they just moved it to week 18... really now
One day? How will this change anything?
Wait can anyone get back from the list by then?
Whatever man. I just hope our RB group can be fully healthy by then at least.
"I’d rather Baltimore forfeit, take the time to rest, and get ready for the coming absolutely crucial stretch of must-win games."
How'd you get dark mode on espn?
"If it was any other team instead of the undefeated Steelers, this would have already been canceled"
[removed]
"Yes we, the Ravens fans, are the reason this is happening. We are dearly sorry."
Fuck you too pal 😀
Your xbox broken or something?
Get a life
"""_____ fan coming in peace""

Downvote"
Thanks man. Cause us fans had an impact on the game’s postponement
Cancel the season so Steelers fans cry 😂
Lmfaooooooooo y’all crying now but gonna be celebrating when you beat a shell of a team... FOH 🤣
""
[deleted]
The longer the game waits the more hated we become and when the team gets its ass kicked it’s gonna be hella embarrassing
They should just give us the L and let us prepare for next week
Can this go on any longer? This is the saddest game of musical chairs ever.
AFTERNOON. 340 PM
[deleted]
""
Lmaooo 😭
Unless its a home game to open the season as defending champions.
Their lack of self awareness is the funniest part of this whole saga. Don’t they realize they’re 8-2 without phantom penalty calls?
"It’s really amazing how much they think this is true. In the words of Mugatu, “I feel like I’m taking crazy pills.”"
"The only the babies are the Steelers fans and players crying about how hard they have things. 

What a bunch of whiney spoiled brats who care more about their scheduling during a pandemic than our and their health. 

And ofc the sub is currently flooded with Steelers fans. Go back to your own sub jagoffs"
"The memes coming out of this crisis are fucking wild, only positive of the entire situation"
"Alright alright if nothing else is to come out of this but both our dumbass fans flooding NFL , at least these are some fuckin great memes for us to both feast at while we wait. Cheers"
"I don't even look at the threads on this topic over at r/nfl anymore. It's not just Steelers fans anymore, it's people who are ignorant or just want to get in on the circle jerk for upvotes. The circle jerk is at tornado strength at this point; they literally ignore reality because that would result in downvotes. 

Reminds me of the Earl Thomas/Brother story, where TMZ said they were in the same room, but legit sources said they were in the same house in different rooms. The circle jerk says that he is an incestual relationship with his brother, and that's their reality now. 

The takes are so fucking bad, it's hard to fathom how so many people can be so collectively ignorant. But then I remember it's reddit, so I just ignore those threads now."
Still cracking up every time I think of this meme lmao
"tfw you spend two months bitching about losing your bye week, then start bitching when you get a free week off later"
"Missing the yellow craprag to clean up 95% of everything they want,  or haven't you seen a baby eat before...?"
""
Bro I’m honestly not shocked. People hate Lamar
"Things like these are the reason why I'm glad kyler lost to the Pat's yesterday. I have no ill will towards the cards and their fanbase but the blasphemy has got to stop at some point. Kyler is great. Lamar is generational, he's not at Patrick Mahomes level but who is? He is in Patrick Mahomes ball park though and I dont think I can say the same thing about Kyler. I think if Lamar had DeAndre and larry he would have very few issues. Shit if Lamar had an above average center he'd be 8-2"
"I don’t know if this is supposed to be sarcasm, but I know I got a chuckle.

Some may even find him to be “elite”"
[deleted]
[deleted]
Steelers fans after RG3 pulls off another upset against them: CoNsPiRaCy!!11
[deleted]
"Yes

https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1330982002502365184?s=19"
I’d rather hold them out and have them back for Dallas With practice
Yeah but I’d rather not see them get blasted behind practice squad linemen
No
"&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/jwfxtfkogg261.jpg?width=960&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6d126a085a418b495cede812c8a101467e2377c3"
"lol you got me, take my upvote"
"Thought you were serious, was pleasantly surprised even though all care spirit is gone now"
What is the periscope thing? This is the weirdest full face respirator I've ever seen.
It’s not like the playoff schedules are set in stone anyway. And it would make sense to push them back so that all players from all teams could avoid being sat due to covid.
"It’s not hard. But the NFL and its incompetent leadership had no plan for the INCREDIBLY FORESEEABLE SCENARIO of a team having a mass COVID outbreak and being unable to play. 

Instead of adding a week when the Titans got hit, their solution was to move a bunch of games around and wish upon a star that it wouldn’t happen later in the season with byes exhausted. A brilliant idea, especially considering that every epidemiologist in the world was screaming that the outbreak would drastically intensify in the fall and winter. 

This comes down to money. If the teams don’t play, the NFL doesn’t get paid for the game. Billionaire owners are already whining that they’re not making enough because of the reduced attendance, so they’re gonna wheel out the practice squads and scream PLAYER SAFETY!"
"Because it’s an extra week with just 1 game. All the resources etc. for one game clearly seems pointless.

Edit : this means a money loss no doubt. The NFLs worst nightmare."
"They should push them back 2 weeks anyways, have all teams isolated and tested, like the NBA did. then start the playoffs"
Should be easy to extend the season an extra week or 2 to assure player safety right? But I guess not. Theres barley any fans at games so it cant be that hard to move the superbowl to whenever is necessary.
I think if this was a regular CBS game they would not care this much. This was their prime game of the year on Thanksgiving night so they cant just cancel it probably for business reasons. They will have the game no matter what.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I'm in the minority, but I think the NFL gets a bad rap on this situation and how it's been dealt with. The protocols put in place, for the most part, have done a decent job at keeping players and coaches safe. And this dumb ass strength and conditioning coach is proof of that. 

Just look what happens when someone ignores all of the protocols? Had he reported his symptoms, he wouldn't have been there and no one else would have been infected. Had he worn his mask, it's likely a lot less people would be affected. Had he worn his contact tracer, maybe we could have identified high risk players and coaches sooner, etc. Each one of these protocols are to minimize the risk, but all of the protocols together drastically reduce the risk.

There hasn't been an outbreak like this with any other team, except for the Titans, and that was nowhere near what this was. If this guy followed the protocols put in place, we wouldn't be in this position. The NFL can't hold every persons hand and make sure they are following the rules. That should be up to the teams and players. 

The bottom line is the protocols have worked, and have done a good job giving us a football season, so far. A lot of changes have been made as the season goes along.

From a fans perspective, I honestly could care less if you're ""frustrated"", we are, too. But who cares? Keepings the players and coaches safe is all that matters. If your life is that inconvenienced by a delayed game, than you should probably find some other hobbies. I know this sounds rude, but this boo hoo attitude is honestly pathetic. 

This situation sucks for everyone, but you all act like the Ravens wanted this, you act like the entire league somehow targeted your team and fanbase. This outbreak hurts the Ravens far more than it has hurt the Steelers, assuming the outbreak doesn't spread to Pittsburgh if and when the game is played. 

You're not the only fans affected, you're not the only team affected. The entire world has been affected by this. 1.5 million people have died, and some of ya'll are mad that the game got pushed back a week, or that you might lose your bye. 

And if you want some perspective, just imagine waking up tomorrow, or the day after to find out that James Conner, or one of our players passed away because of this. Would you still be upset that you didn't get your precious Thursday night football? Or that you had to wait a week to see the Ravens lose?"
Steelers should forfeit tbh
I don’t want Steeler fan opinions
"I think the coach gets full blown fired the second he’s healthy and out of quarantine. 

The solution is to push the Super Bowl a couple weeks into February. The top seeds should get a bye, or some other advantage the lower seeds don’t. 

I know anything can happen but my feeling is that this just Isn’t the year for the Ravens. I truly hope the Steelers can make a push and get far enough that the eventual end of your season is as devastating as possible!"
"I agree, best rivalry in the nfl. Best games to watch. Reschedule to week 18. Let them get their team back. Maybe the game won't mean anything for the nfl then. Or maybe it'll decide the division. No forfeit. Condolences in this trying time."
🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️
It’s easy to decide how somebody else makes their money. Good thing they don’t listen to you.
A forefit would be an easy way to solve the problem tbh
""
r/nfl is so triggered and it’s hilarious.
"I don’t think people realize it’s not about it being competitive, it’s for safety of transmissions to other organizations. I get it, as fans we are upset too, but players are people. People get sick. Sick people get others sick and maybe the season gets cut short. This is precaution to trying to stop covid spreading to the Steelers and being a statistic. Yes we as an org fucked up. Yes they can make the team forfeit, but then they have to answer to the nflpa as to why 53 players on the ravens and Steelers didn’t get paid, on top of answering the call of how the league doesn’t have player interests in mind

Edit 1: regarding the broncos no one else tested positive amd the qbs were placed in covid as a close contact tracing where ravens org had positive cases by the players and personnel."
""
"Lmao, suggs is the fucking best."
You'll never see a bad guy like him again
Damn. Any way to get Suggs back?
The buildup to that final line was hilarious lmao
KC Chiefs Legend
u/savevideo
About to be unproductive af at work
"Well, that settles it. There is literally no way the NFL could have handled this game any worse."
Guess who’s gonna sneak out of work early... this girl!
"This is 1:40pm for us west coasters. 

wtf lmao"
Someone please tell me what NBC has on Wednesday night that’s better than football.
Of course I have a call from 4-5
Good. The last thing we need is the entire country tuning in during prime time to watch the Steelers take our lunch money.
2:40 for me sorry boss im outski 😂
So that's 10:40 pm here.  Perfect!
We have no right to complain
It's so hilarious that FANS are getting so upset over a game when one team is undefeated and the other has no shot at the playoffs. We never get this much negative attention and it's just hilarious to soak in.
I’m not enjoying any part of this.
No shot at playoffs?
I guess it’s a silver lining to the fact that our season is imploding because of Covid.
I feel bad for both the Broncos and Steelers. Though not Steelers fans.
“We never get this much negative attention” ? Bruh have you not been watching sports media or any media at all? Everything we do is negative even when we win the media will find ways to make a negative comment about something... this is a complete disaster and not really funny anymore
"""Your team is playing better than ours so us breaking the rules and getting rewarded for it shouldn't make you mad!"""
""
Maybe g ro will run the ball
Imagine if there was fans and the ravens pulled the upset. They might have had to get a police escort off the field
"I mean...lmao at this point I can't do anything but laugh at this absurd sequence.

Your outbreak has been going on for so long, the guys who it started with are already better."
NOW RUN THE FN BALL
r/nfl is in an all out uproar and is now full of conspiracy theories. I had to unsub lol.
The long con
LFG
👀
I told yall earlier
People saying this gives us a competitive advantage are brain dead. Having them back won’t solve the 20+ People still missing
Do we have 5 healthy olinemen? I can see a world where we pick up where we left off from the first matchup and run the ball extremely well and pull off a really improbable upset.
"Everyone hates us, what else is new? Fuck em."
Y’all can act like arrogant asshats but we are getting drug thru the mud. This post on r/nfl has all the teams saying what bullshit it is we got to wait to get players back and I agree
[deleted]
CONSPIRACY
""
Thanks for the support guys
I’m more of a Happy Honda Days person but I appreciate the sentiment
"Yoooooo, Lil Nas X stuntin with the Glow Up."
"Steelers: ""Haha what an easy win. Wait, what's that sound?""

*RG3, Leading the Replacements into battle*

RG3: ""Its Truck Month Motherfuckers"""
We believe
RG3 Season
Let’s do this. RG3 let’s gooo!!
LESSGOOO RAVENS
[deleted]
"""We love bein the bad guy"" - T-Sizzle"
We've always been better when we're hated tbh I'm fine with that.
Already embraced my dude
"Oh knock it off about being hated. Who cares. 

Before 2019, our whole identity was being mean and chippy.  The President of the United States publically trashed our city lol. Some of us are pretty used to being hated."
I give literally zero fucks about what people on the internet think about me
"Baltimore against the world.  It has always been this way, so bring it the fuck on!"
I love the hate makes the wins sweeter
We like being the villain
You guys need to stop caring about respect or homage from /r/nfl. The only way that comes is winning a super bowl.
We aren't hated. Douchebag opinions are hated.
"Good!  I got tired of being the darling of the league. 

Now all that we really need back is that feeling of the guys you don't wanna meet in the playoffs and we're golden!"
A bunch of people who dont understand how the virus work and that dont see players as people so they want them to all get infected with a deadly virus so they can have their 3 hours of entertainment dont like me nor my team for decissions being made by neither. Yeah.. I couldnt care less
"The ravens are the bad guys in the sense they’re Saturday morning cartoon villains. Like yeah they’re hated but not feared and definitely not respected. I could care less about loved or hated, what I do care about is that this team seems to have no toughness."
And then tuesdayyyy night *Carrie Underwood voice*
Wednesday afternoon you mean
A Wednesday afternoon paaaarty...
We got rescheduled for a Charlie brown tree lighting
Wednesday morning @ 10:40 am Hawaii time. Smack dab in the middle of the workday. Sweet. 🙄
Wait!  What time is the game?  I might actually get to see it live then.
""
🎶I've been waitin most of the day for Wednesday Afternoon🎶
Dammit. That's actually hilairous.
carrie done shot about 5 dif songs waiting for this game
WAP: Wednesday Afternoon Primetime
The memes on this sub this week have been fucking spectacular
8:40pm kickoff in the UK! Will be nice not to be up until 4am on a weeknight!
"LOL, well done man."
Post it to the NFL sub. They’ll love it. Especially when they see your flair.
This game is not happening lmao
A Special ~~Thursday~~ ~~Sunday Afternoon~~ ~~Tuesday~~ Wednesday Edition of Sunday Night Football
Meanwhile I live in Seattle now so it's lunch time football. What an absurd time to start a prime time game. I already thought 5 PM was too early and now this.
*Bill Murray voice:* It's GAMEDAY... again
"*ever since we caught the covid you, you, you*"
Love it!
but what about fans that still have work
"I’m prepared for the downvotes: we should forfeit. With as many players that are infected, we should give it up."
"assuming it happens, ofc"
Well played!
If there was ever a time for me to say sure I'll day drink on my day off this is it!
This is crazy. At some point the NFL’s going to ask us to just play against both the Cowboys and Steelers at the same time.
So perfect
Rat birds delaying the game!
""
"Lmao, this is such a mess"
""
Anyone with a ravens flair is getting downvoted.
"It's moments like these when you realize that the majority on r/nfl are a bunch of actual children. 

They moved the game back because they don't want the Steelers to get covid, but god forbid you point that out on r/nfl"
"saw a dude say that this is all a ploy to get Lamar back on Wednesday, he was very up voted and all the responses were saying he's right. One raven fan stepped in and said he can't play till next week no matter what and got down voted to oblivion."
"I believe it... Nowhere is safe except Baltimore and even then, there are traitors amongst us lol"
"The way r/NFL is treating the Broncos situation versus the Ravens situation is downright embarrassing. To be so purposefully obtuse that 1 positive on Thursday + 3 close contacts = over 20 positives within the organization, with positives popping up every single day. They completely ignore the fact that the NFL has stated they will *not* be postponing games due to competitive imbalance. They (rightfully) point out that we brought this on ourselves, but there’s a suspicious lack of criticism for the multiple Broncos QBs how didn’t wear their masks and were uncooperative during contact tracing. 

All of this cognitive dissonance for what? To believe that the Ravens are somehow some golden child of the NFL??? And don’t even get me started on the people going “wElL tHe BrOnCoS sHoUlD hAvE LaMaR”...Lamar would have **played Thursday** had the game not been postponed, and now he’s out, fucking morons. And all of the people saying “bbbut no QBs!!!! The Broncos have no chance!!!!!” as if we have a fucking chance with half our practice squad playing. There’s absolutely no reason for me to be this frustrated over internet strangers, but the lock of nuance and common sense is actually hurting me."
"I still firmly maintain my position of who cares about the downvotes. 

However, [I can't help but be confused](https://imgur.com/DkFBnI1) while getting lectured on COVID protocols by fans of teams that let fans into their stadiums lol"
they hate us cuz they aint us
Already got banned from that shithole for like 3rd time
"I saw one Steelers fan who pointed out that the situation bw Baltimore and Denver are completely different and the Ravens didn’t exactly ask for this outbreak, they just were the unlucky ones to get completely screwed for someone breaking protocol.

He didn’t get downvoted to hell, had some decent ups even. Buuuut a reply or 2 basically saying “I mean I guess but still they’re a shithole organization” popped up and got the big like bar."
[Ravens fans getting the courage to post on r/NFL](https://imgur.com/gallery/J36sNn6)
"Got my post deleted for talking about lacking COVID precautions in the NFL.

I’m at home quarantined due to COVID. C’est la vie"
"They are so fucking mad about virus spreading during a pandemic, like they're so surprised that a virus could spread during a pandemic. They're taking the coach being a shithead and the nfl having ZERO contingency plans as the entire Ravens organization and their fans are huge pieces of shit lmao get the fuck outta here. I wouldn't really be mad if ravens lost a draft pick over this as it's probably deserved but y'all we are just fans of a game we all love and those guys in that subreddit are so salty like the players and the fans have a stake in the situation lmao."
Just imagine r/nfl when Bobby three sticks leads us to victory on Wednesday
Fuck em
"It's insane to me that people want us to play even though the virus ravaged us throughout our lineup and we could potentially have more positives. If we play and have more positives that come to light we would just be potentially infecting more from our team and the opposing team. 

It's absolutely rediculous that you can't explain that to anyone and you just get downvoted to hell. 

I'm all aboard making us forfeit but the NFL clearly doesn't want that, and r/NFL is convinced the league is playing favorites."
"People saying that if the Ravens win it would be the big unfair. If the Steelers can't win against the roster we're gonna have to field, then they very very much so deserved to have that loss on their record"
"I don't mind being downvoted, but man there is some bullshit getting upvoted. Some browns fan said the Ravens should be made to forfeit and reimburse the steelers, the nfl, and NBC for lost wages. Wat"
At this point I’d rather the game just get canceled
"Here’s an idea - just don’t go there. Don’t post/ comment if you’re going to just complain how it is there. We all know it’s toxic. Just do yourself a favour and stay out of there.

Edit: this is not directed at OP. Just a general idea."
I never went there before until a couple days ago when folk in here started mentioning it. Commenting in there was all good until the ravens flair randomly got added. Felt like I was undercover lmao
Fuck em. Embrace the heat. It’s nice
"NFL fans are super keen for Steelers players to catch COVID and players to get injured from lack of practice, for some damn reason"
BuT mUh MiNi ByE wEeK ?!!?!
"I mean try to understand them:

Covid is all painful and shit, but have you ever lost your mini bye week?

Thats what true pain is.

Steeler fans are so strong 

/s"
"It is what it is. We have problems, but we have also definitely been snakebit like a MF this season. Let them kick us while we are down we'll bounce back. Taking lumps is good for the club long term because to win the big dance they have to be able to deal with/overcome bullshit. We can take the internet hate. I still wear my Ravens gear in public and it's funny but they don't have the same energy in real life. Everybody is a keyboard warrior nobody wants to talk to a grown ass man like that face to face."
"lol i had to un-sub again it gets me too heated over there

&#x200B;

i have a much better internet experience when i leave toxic subs and when i don't read the comments on tweets.  try it!"
"Ahhh right back to the way it used to be, the way it should be. Feels right. Us against the world is the Ravens way"
Ya I had to unsubscribe from that cesspool for a while. I can't stand it right now. Honestly if there's anyone to blame it's the NFL. They watched the NHL pull off a COVID free bubble and decided they DIDN'T want to guarantee player safety and do a bubble as well.
"Fuck them, who cares.  As if us as fans control what happens.  I like trolling the Steelers personally.  It is so easy.  They act like everyone is out to get their 10-0 team..."
"Who cares? People wanted to behead the titans earlier in the year for their outbreak too. Especially after the players practiced. 

The fans of every team need someone/some team to blame for this shitty season(covid wise), it’s just our turn. 

It sucks even more for us because the team is playing extremely subpar at the same time. 

With that said, fuck that dude for not being responsible. You’d think a professional who makes hundreds of thousands would take more precautions around the team/players that help him get a paycheck."
"First and foremost I want everyone (beyond football too) to be healthy and okay and don't wish the illness on anyone of course.

That being said, the worse this gets the funnier that win over PIT is going to be on (insert day here)."
[removed]
"This is ridiculous this game should not be played right now. People who are AT RISK have got Covid. It is no longer even conceivable for us to forfeit as the Steelers have cases in James Conner, Mike Tomlin, and probably more. Meanwhile due to one terrible strength coach we are being denied the chance to protect ourselves or our players. This is bigger than football now. MOVE THIS GAME TO WEEK 18 and give everyone a mini bye for their troubles. C'mon NFL show some decency if you have ANY."
Honestly its the Ravens organization fault to be in this situation.  Forfeit or play is the only option to me.  There deserves to be consequences.
[removed]
""
[r/nfl right now.](https://streamable.com/kg4uo)
Whoever sent Roger the crab cakes deserves an award.
"I’m officially boycotting r/nfl

sPeCiAl TrEaTmEnT"
Can lamar be back for that
I kinda like this Tuesday football shit
"Well, I guess all I have to say to these whiny fans is: C U N(ext) T(uesday)"
"The Baltimore Ravens game at the Pittsburgh Steelers has been moved to Wednesday, December 2, at 3:40 p.m. ET and will be broadcast nationally on NBC.
 
Additionally, our week 13 game against Dallas Cowboys will be moved to Tuesday, December 8 at 8:05 p.m. ET and will be broadcast nationally on FOX/NFL Network/Amazon.
 
As we continue to follow the advice of the NFL’s health experts, as well as the Ravens’ medical professionals, we are preparing for our game against the Steelers. 
 
This evening, we hosted a safely distanced walk-through/conditioning session at the Under Armour Performance Center. Players arrived already prepared to work out on the field, and they did not enter the locker room or training room. 
 
We intend to hold another walk-through session on Tuesday, in preparation for traveling to Pittsburgh Tuesday evening."
"""This evening, we hosted a safely distanced walk-through/conditioning session at the Under Armour Performance Center. Players arrived already prepared to work out on the field, and they did not enter the locker room or training room.""

BRUH lmao...they should absolutely be nowhere near eachother right now."
3:40 is such a fucking stupid time
"For the rest of the season, they need to be an upstanding model for NFL protocols lol."
""
The fact that i still have faith shows how much I believe in this team
Obviously the game should be postponed until every person who has ever played for the Ravens is 100% ready to play.
[removed]
You ain't winning shit.
""
Facts 😂
"Bertha's Mussel's Stadium

Phillips Seafood Stadium

LP Steamers Arena

Jimmy's Famous Arena

Bo Brooks Coliseum

Am I missing any potential names to replace M&T Bank with?"
I just figured out how old I'll be that year and now I'm sad...
[removed]
[deleted]
""
Do they not understand that neither the ravens or the fans make the choices? This is the NFL’s decision.
"“Your team is fucking up the schedules of other teams” you mean like the titans did in week 4, which moved our bye week too?

People are idiots"
"Funny thing is they're dealing with COVID too, just not the the same extent. You don't talk shit about others when you're doing the same thing.

Edit: fixed spelling and removed all babies."
Sub is a fucking cancerous cesspool right now. Here I get downvoted and called a bandwagon fan for being too critical of the Ravens and there I get downvoted and called a fanboy for not wishing death on the organization lmao
Fuck the steelers
You’re safe here u/TigerBasket
"Don’t take it personally, all Ravens flairs have been downvoted for 0 reason all week. r/nfl is actually a bunch of tweens"
The salt is off the charts.
"Honestly I was very apathetic for this game up until this whole r/nfl fiasco started. I’m so pumped to watch tomorrow even tho I know we’ll still likely lose, but fuck every other team for shitting on fans nonstop when we are just tryna talk about the situation too. 

Fuck them clowns and fuck the Steelers"
"i think everyone’s forgetting that the nfl and nflpa have to do their investigation before anyone gets penalized. it’s only a matter of time before it happens to us, we ain’t getting away free for this one"
Us beating them with half the roster out >>>> sweeping them last year 🤣bragging rights forever
"This whole situation has taught me that the average fan has a very, very difficult time separating themselves from the team they root for. Even the most diehard Steelers (or any team for the sake of this point) fan is still just a fan. They don't play for the team, they don't draft the players, call the plays, make the decisions, anything. At all. I hate that Ravens \*fans\* are being attacked for the Covid outbreak with the team. As if we are to blame or something, it's just such a wild juxtaposition."
"Anyone who thinks the Ravens aren't about to get the Wrath of God rained down on them once the investigation is complete is just stupid, the NFL is more pissed than anyone that we're making them go through all these gymnastics to maintain their season.

Such a dumb take to say we're ""not getting punished for it"""
Was this in our sub??
"Imagine thinking the season was really going to run smoothly, and there wouldn't be any hiccups like this during a FUCKING PANDEMIC."
Lol “idk what you expect me to do about that though” is the perfect response
"I'd love it if we win, a couple pick 6s, a few good calls, a couple good plays is all it takes."
"I love how the Ravens aren’t even the ones fucking up the schedules. The NFL could have handled this however they wanted, and they chose to fuck up the schedules. It’s not like the Ravens unilaterally took over the league office and forced them to do this."
Man reddit really is filled with just a bunch of pussies. Fuck em and fuck the Steelers no more niceties time for us to be the bad guys again...the league has always hated us and that’s fine by me
You’re telling me the team with the serial rapist is telling us how we should be ashamed to root for our team? Fuck em all to death!
Fuck em
You didn't get downvoted for wanting the Ravens to win. You got downvoted for being a douche.
[deleted]
Lamar Jackson unleashed the inner Trump in a lot of people two years ago. I don’t think things have changed.
Fitting that it’s a WFT fan that said this.
I don't get it. How is this racist?
"IDK about racism but Lamar has been playing like shit (comparatively), I don’t know how people continue to think he’s some favored magical child with enough sway to move a game 3-4 times in a week. People have fallen completely blind to rational thought and logic."
Why do you think that's racist?
""
Quality post.
[deleted]
Link the comment if possible.
"I've heard it all. 

1. The Ravens are a big market team so the NFL favors them. 

2. Steve Bisciotti is buddies with Roger Goodell so that's why this is happening. 

3. Lamar is the golden child and the ""flavor of the month"" so they've postponed the Steelers game so he can play. 

4. The Ravens should lose 1st round picks for this (from a Patriots fan)"
"I’m currently being told that we’re receiving special treatment by having more time to prepare, but the steelers are receiving zero because “their situation isn’t changing.”

I guess extra rest doesn’t count."
"I think it's the complete cognitive dissonance.

Lamar Jackson is both bad at football AND the NFL golden-boy.

The 6-4 Ravens are getting preferential treatment because they are the Ravens, of the 21st media market in this country at the expense of a team that is 10-0 and has a national fan base"
"I don't mind them being emotional, because that's what football fans do, but I like the ones that are just flat out dumb. I can't find them again, but there were some like talking about how the Saints got punished for the locker room but the Ravens haven't gotten punished . . . as if like a month doesn't separate those two events and we all know the Ravens are going to get steep penalties from the NFL when the time comes."
"That’s we are the poster child this year and the NFL is gifting us wins 🤣

Where were you when we got “cheated by the refs” against pitt"
"It is abundantly clear that a) no one on r/nfl gives a shit about player safety and would happily let 11 practice squad guys die on the field vs the Steelers. And b) that the Steelers fans have 0 interest in playing us at even 80% strength, let alone 100%"
"https://reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/k46azu/_/ge6yxpb/?context=1

Here’s one from a Titans fan (lmao)"
The r in r/NFL stands for ”retarded”
"I have been avoiding /r/nfl for the past few days (and overall I try to stay out of there anyway). 

The last time I was in there somebody posted that Kaepernick at his peak was more dominant than Lamar at his peak."
Lamar got exposed
[removed]
So It's 100% that Ingram and Dobbins are eligible to play against Steelers? Where can i follow an updated list of the available and unavailable players? Sorry but i started following NFL (and ravens) recently... Thank you guys
Damn son u had me thinking you provided an updated list
"Ingram and Dobbins will both need to test negative (one or more times?) before they are taken off of the Reserve/COVID-19 List and then declared eligible to play. That being said, Ingram may still not be fully recovered from his ankle injury and both may not be in 100% football shape after testing positive on Nov 22.

&#x200B;

**Ravens' Mark Ingram: Potential chance to face Steelers** 

 [https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/players/playerpage/1623793/mark-ingram](https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/players/playerpage/1623793/mark-ingram)"
[deleted]
"I actually read the long version lol
But I see where you're going with this.
You had me having a flashback of that old show Biography lol
But I can only hope we are able to accomplish as much as BB has w/ the Pats in the same amount of time with our team."
Uh
I think these 2 things are very different things. Comparing critics of Lamar to racists of 1970's doesn't feel like there's a correlation.
"TLDR: Belichick’s HS coach, Al Laramore was a highly respected and successful coach who wasn’t afraid to integrate his high school teams. He was so ardent in breaking racial tension that he formed an all black basketball team and received so much hate from his community that he suffered from severe depression for years"
""
"Fuck you, but welcome aboard, we’re all on our way to tell goodell to fuck off"
Fuck the steelers
"Honestly I’m at the point where I say fuck us fans. We are the one who seem to be the most upset when we aren’t the ones out there putting our bodies and health on the line. We just want to be entertained. All this childish outrage is just that, Childish! Should just be glad we’ve had ANY football this year"
I hate you but I hate Goodell slightly more
#this is the way
Go away
[deleted]
"If it was the Steelers with covid the nfl would be doing the same god damn thing, it’s not like the delays are helping us, hell, we’re just getting more positive tests every day. We would’ve had a better chance to win if we had played on thanksgiving. Did the broncos get screwed, yes. Are the Steelers getting screwed, yes. Are the ravens getting screwed, yes. This is what happens when you play a sports szn without a bubble. We all knew this would happen multiple times during the season, this time it’s us. And it’s not like a group of our guys weren’t wearing masks *cough* it was one guy. Steelers fans need to get off their high horse."
"Just fuck r/nfl and reddit in general. It has always been a shitty echo chamber, but its more obvious now than ever how fucked up it is. No one cares about player safety, or about the facts. People will jump to any conclusion they want about anything, and then drown out anyone who disagrees with group think. It’s really sad and disgusting. Probably overall pretty unhealthy, and you can tell how close people are to snapping. Just gonna stick to this sub and even try to cut back on that"
"Steelers fans and playing the victim card, name a more iconic duo. I've never seen such nastiness from a team in prime position to not only win the division, but win the conference and even potentially go undefeated. Especially on something that is out of our control. Should we have been more cautious? Obviously yes, but the reality is we werent, so we are just adjusting on the fly because that's our only option. Just a bunch of fuckin crybabies those stupid yinzers. I used to hate-but-respect the Steelers. Now I just hate them."
I can't wait to see the results of the investigation. Did Steve Saunders spit into the Gatorade or something? Or has no one been following covid protocols at all within the organization? The ravens are a well run organization so the latter doesn't seem like them but who knows.
"Hearing ""the NFL is giving the Ravens whatever they want"" is really rich coming from the team that's only undefeated bc of terrible officiating decisions at the end of multiple games this season."
"Unpopular opinion... But something is going on with the leadership. I love us, but we've been having a lot of penalties.
The fact that a coach is responsible for this is.... Insane. But this also points us back to leadership.

Hopefully, we start tightening things up.

But you're absolutely right. They would have done this for any team in this situation."
Everyone is getting screwed but not everyone screwed themselves. You cant violate protocol then hold yourself up as a victim and pretend it's the same.
"I see a lot of the b word thrown around, I don't think hes a bust, but i'm getting worried."
"Tbh I don’t think it’s just one thing.. tiny bit of regression, tiny bit passing concepts, interior line, dare I say Lamar is a bit more skittish in the pocket this year (rightfully so)"
"Watch the Seattle game tonight, that's my feelings on brown"
Watching DK metcalf makes me sad... why is our team so god damn bad at drafting and developing wide receivers... we got to be hands down the worst in the league
">the b word thrown around

Bollywood?"
This team’s offense is not catered to his or any other of our WR’s skill set. He could be a decent WR in another team.
We want him to transform into the next great NFL WR.   There's still some hope.   But it's not looking too good
I still think hes going to be really good the offense just hasn't clicked at all compared to last year
"You mean Bollywood?


He would be a 2nd string wr in a meh passing team and 3rd WR/speed wr on good passing teams.


He lacks consistency. He just outran people in college. Now he realizes he has to fight for the ball and or postion for the ball. Lamar has missed him a few times. But yeah if someone breathes on him nothing is happening. At least Perriman attempts at a 50/50 ball. Just saying."
I would hate him less if he did not cry on Twitter
Straight up Soulja
"I think a combo of factors have led to his regression this season, just as a combo of things have led to Lamar's regression.

That being said, I think he still has the potential to be great. I think he needs to play from the slot though, and we need a true possession receiver for Lamar, Hollywood is simply too small for that role. 

It's just extremely disappointing and confusing how Hollywood was putting up better numbers last year when he was injured."
Part of it is on Roman’s routes but honestly he’s too small to compete for jump passes. Lamar sometimes overthrows deep passes but I think Hollywood needs to get better separation. Either way he needs to step up to match the talk he’s talking
Honestly we don’t throw enough for him to get a nice rhythm going. He’s not a WR that can sleep all game and break for 150 in the 4th. He needs his chunks here and there
Right now looks like he’ll end up never being any better than Torrey Smith was. Idk if you call that “bust” but do with it what you will
I’d give it time the problem isn’t his ability to run routes it’s his ability to adapt when Lamar extends the play. The second the ball isn’t there at the top of his route he needs to work back and get open as LJ rolls out of the pocket. Andrews does a great job at it. Brown just gives up and doesn’t even help with downfield blocking when someone else makes the play. Maybe it’s a chemistry problem that can be fixed over time maybe it’s just a diva receiver that doesn’t want to do the dirty work
He'll get bigger and better again during the off-season. Give him time. No reason to give up on him in a season where a lot of things have gone wrong on offense.
"Comparing his stats to last year, the only real difference is his Catch %. And I honestly think that is more a symptom of the overall offensive struggles we have had, not really him falling off like others make it seem. We need better passing schemes to get receivers some space. I still believe he is going to be an impactful player for us, once we get some creativity in our offense."
He is not a bust he just can't be a wr 1
I think he's going to put up on Wednesday
"Hollywood?

More like Nickelodeon."
""
😂 everyone is on some stuff bro. Most just don't get caught.
"Hamstring, ACL, collarbone, hernia, and rib injuries on his resume.  Wouldn’t shock me if PEDs were more recovery than getting bigger, stronger, faster.  

I doubt he passes a Ravens physical and it’s a Ryan Grant situation."
I knew he was on some shit after he returned in wk 4 from a hamstring injury and then suddenly started racking up 100 yards per game
Yes
"I'm pretty confident some people on here would've wanted us to sign AB even if he was a serial killer. ""But we can control him!"""
The suspension is probably good for his value since now he can’t get injured to end the season lmao
Next year... yeah you best believe it
"1.) Did you even read his fucking statement about the situation?

2.) He cannot be worse than what we have right now"
Sign us up for Allen Robinson but fuller would be a welcomed addition.
Wow down voted to hell in the comments but now Roby also gets a PED suspension for 6 games. Houston absolutely knows what's going on
Yes?? Lol
""
He’s colleagues like Dan Orlovsky and the hall of famer Steve Young were parroting the same talking point without thinking 2 seconds why lol
Bruh I get it though. Some people are fucking stupid thinking the Broncos situation is the ravens
I swear arguing with steeler fans about this has the EXACT same energy as arguing with a trump supporter
So refreshing to see someone actually using their brain
Love it
"Someone is issuing an apology in 18 hours, starting now...."
""
My breaking point was AJ Brown carrying our entire defense into the endzone for 8 yards
At least Hollywood isn’t N’keal Harry
Hollywood looks like a child cosplaying ALIEN when he’s on the field with that big-ass helmet on his tiny little head. Love the kid but he has got to step it up.
"Until we actually draft a WR that plays well for our team I will not believe we are capable of drafting and developing one.  These issues have been around as long as I have been a fan of the Ravens.  Anquan Boldin, Steve Smith, and Dereck Mason are our best WR's of all time IMO and none were drafted by us"
"I was just about to make a post about this. Shit is just painful to watch, just like our season."
I’d give it time the problem isn’t his ability to run routes it’s his ability to adapt when Lamar extends the play. The second the ball isn’t there at the top of his route he needs to work back and get open as LJ rolls out of the pocket. Andrews does a great job at it. Brown just gives up and doesn’t even help with downfield blocking when someone else makes the play. Maybe it’s a chemistry problem that can be fixed over time maybe it’s just a diva receiver that doesn’t want to do the dirty work
"Unpopular opinion: I don't think it's Hollywood's fault that he's doing this bad. For some reason, whenever we draft a WR, they end up being a bust while other people in their draft class end up going big which probably means the issues is in the organization. We saw Hollywood succeed in his first week and then slowly drop off which we thought was the injury but now clearly is more than that."
"I think EDC said draft Brown and someone made the wrong phone call. He meant AJ.

Metcalf balled out last night... Again"
[deleted]
"Even if this was true, who fucking cares?"
Marlon still running Twitter fingers on stuff he probably shouldn't. Not really surprising but would hope he'd eventually learn.
"We saw this exact same crew bash lamar in the chiefs game despite there being a bunch of drops and poor playcalling.

They've made every excuse in the book for wentz. It's amazing. He's being treated like he is an upstart rookie."
""
He literally killed our mayor and his daughter :(
"The Boys is an incredible show, for those wondering"
"aww thanks. youre all jaggoffs in my heart :)

&#x200B;

lol i laughed way harder than i should have at that"
"I am a Steelers fan who obviously despises the Ravens. However, my issue is with the NFL. They just hold teams to a variety of standards and arent consistent. That is why all of this hate is coming from both sides. That NFL makes it looks like the Ravens are the issue when in reality, if they were consistent with their standards, this would be a thing of the past already. Instead, they delay games like this one three times, they make the Titans play with zero practice against the Bills, the day before a game they deem the Broncos have no QB's that can play but wont delay the game, etc. Moral of the story is that both Steelers and Ravens fans can agree that NFL leadership is trash."
""
35 looks rough on Lamar
These memes though lol
Why does Ben look like Santa?
I’ve found a few of Marvins tweets making their way to r/nfl recently haha
"I'm thinking

* Titans Vs Browns, I'll be rooting for the Titans cause if the Browns lose that makes it that much more likely we get into the play offs
* Seahawks Vs NY Giants cause I love Seahawks football

THen of course primetime games"
I gotta watch young Justin Herbert with UNFORTUNATELY a handicap Anthony Lynn against the greatest coaching mind in football history.
"Rooting for the raiders for jets fans' sake. Also rooting for LAC, HOU, and got a weird feeling Philly's gonna upset GB"
Browns vs Titans should be good.
Falcons saints
"Dolphins and bengals, im a dolphins fan as well

Rooting for WTF to win the division I like their name lol"
"Browns vs Titans is definitely the matchup of the week 

Chubb vs Henry is gonna be hella interesting"
[deleted]
I mean that does look pretty damn good.
I’ve always wanted to see a Ravens player in the wild.
Disappointing but not surprising that a 24-year-old with $100 million would be out of touch like this
"Fuck me, we can't blame Steve Saunders anymore, our team is obviously full of complete dipshits. They deserve their football struggles for their irresponsibility towards society as a whole."
"Serious question here and I'm sure I'll get all the down votes, but how is this much different than all the players they showed during commercials handing out Turkeys to the public?"
DAMMIT WHY 😡😡😡
[deleted]
[Doctor Robotnik sums up my feelings on this.](https://youtu.be/fM54YwntL5Y)
Bar Vasquez is worth the risk.
"I understand the want to go out and live some sort of normality. He also isn’t breaking any current rules for eating out. BUT - if he cares about football and his team and the season, for the love of god, just stay in, stay safe and give up going to a restaurant, which lets be honest, isn’t that hard to do. It really isn’t. He has enough money to hire a guy to cook him a 5 star meal and drop it off at his."
JFC. Yall are actually insane as fuck. Stop trying to control peoples lives.
"Honestly we gotta start penalizing and fining them. 

Saunders for sure was the main culprit, but when it’s multiple people doing this, it gives the team a bad reputation. More importantly, people are literally dying from this."
He already had it
You guys have never gone out once to eat?
"“You put your right foot in, you put your left foot out, you put your right foot in, and ya shake it all about. Ya do the hokey pokey and ya turn yourself around, that’s what it’s all abou🤪

“Alright boys, now go out there and drop some passes!”"
Given our weakness for developing WRs I don't understand why they're so averse to drafting technician type WRs who do their damage primarily through route running and having great hands. Instead we're always drafting guys who have great physical traits but need to be taught how to run routes which we are *bad* at.
David culley has done absolutely nothing
"We've had a blind spot for WRs forever.  At this point, I would just forget about doing anything with them besides seeking proven badasses in free agency."
"I'm not a fan of Bobby Engram coaching. 

We poached him from pittsburgh, after just one year as their WR coach in 2012. My initial thoughts were.. great! The steelers always develop great WR's. 

Since he has shown that he can develop... Zero of our recievers, including brashard perriman.

This off-season we moved him to TE coach, to lead one of the best units from last year. ..our TE uniy has since taken a very large step backwards."
"Not sure how any of us can reasonably say we know what he’s done or not. It’s all speculation and bullshit. 

Does it mean the teams with the best receivers have the best coaches? No."
"I say its 50/50 coaching players and the kind of routes the play calls for. Our WR runs 1/3 of the route tree in our offense. Its too predictable.


Marquise Brown and Boykin round out all their routes. I would like Duvernay and Proche to take their spots and see what we have tbh. Im tired of Harbaugh not playing rookies. Dobbins is CLEARLY our best rb but he is not getting the carries he deserves."
""
"Man, that season was a fucking ride and a half. Mile High Miracle reamins my favorite sports viewing experience ever. Still more memorable than both SB wins somehow"
"Same season, same opponent. Never forget <3"
"Keep the faith, this is far from over.  Never count out #8."
"As an old man, I remember the total heartbreak of the Colts leaving, and the shitty feeling of not having a team to root for. Trust me, it sucked.

The Ravens have become a tradition in my family, i've brought my sons to games like my dad and uncles brought me to Colts games.

We live and die with this team - and there have been complete heartbreakers - and moments I'll never, ever forget, like my oldest son standing next to me crying in the stands when we beat the Browns and saying, ""I can't believe how happy I am right now.""

The organization has given so much back to the community, year in and year out.

*Semper fidelis.*"
These pics are just month apart
"Rep your squad regardless of how many wins we get. 

Always a Raven."
A group of ravens is called an unkindness.
I never will! Big truzz
[deleted]
"

It really all boils down to expectations.

I honestly thought the season would be called after week two or three.  I can't say that I've loved every moment of every game, but my expectations were so low that I'm overall pretty happy to even be watching ANY games.  I am excited about the possibility of the Ravens sneaking into the playoffs, and the NFL being able to keep outbreaks minimized enough to keep the season going into the playoffs.  I believe it's going to happen.

Expectations are key.  

The Ravens seem especially damned this year, but realize that the hottest fires forge the strongest steel.  If Harbaugh's Ravens have shown anything in his tenure as head coach, it's that they are always up for the challenge."
"It's not that I'm losing hope.  It's that my goal for the team was ""At least win a damned playoff game,"" and it doesn't look like we're ready to do that right now."
"We had two sparks that year: Cam Cameron getting sacked and replaced by Caldwell, and Ray announcing his retirement. 

Hopefully, the COVID fiasco and holding our own @ Pitt with the practice squad can produce a similar result"
The top pic is shortly after i got my current phone number. The last 4.. 9115. Emergency joe.. yep.. he woke up after that game. Lol
4th and 29 was the beginning
Our team with Calais and Brandon Williams over the past few weeks is probably 9-2. We can surprise some people in the playoffs
"Always think about this whenever I feel that the playoff window for this season is shut, even though I predicted before the season that these past stretch of games will be difficult and that I could probably feel that the world is ending around now."
We have a very generous schedule and I think this team is going to be fired up after all of the bullshit they endured. In the NFL all you need to do is make the playoffs to have a shot at going to the Super Bowl. Anything can happen in the playoffs.
🐐
"That 4& forever vs. the chargers that season with Ray Rice was my personal favorite of that season, my dad is a chargers fan so we were both very invested lol"
we fired our OC mid season that season just sayin
I thought we were out of the playoffs for sure?
"I remember seeing Joe laying like above and my heart hurt. He always remained calm and collective and at this point, I just felt so bad."
I will never experience something as good as that superbowl run again man.
Ew
"I was painting a house I just rented but hadn't moved into. My ex called me asking why I wasn't home yet. ""I'm literally watching the best Ravens game I have ever seen""."
"While the organization hasn’t completely written off this year yet, leadership is looking at next season to be our year.

It’s a shame- just as everything went right for us last year, very little has broken our way this year.

Any measure of success this year (playoff berth or better) will be looked at as being a great outcome."
"Remember all those epic gif wars and memes that were flowing back and forth for week three when we were heading into the Kansas City game? Pepperidge farm remembers......
Feels like a lifetime ago....our dreams weren’t crushed then 💔"
""
The one about Dak is pretty fucked up but also lol at everything else.
Mannnnn that's terrible 🤣
Had to clutch my own leg on that Dak one to make sure I was okay.
""
I hope Dez Bryant has a big play.
Yeah our defence should eat them.
"Well yeah, we’d be favored even without Lamar due to the strength of our defense and Dallas’ general shittiness."
Obviously not the best sample set game but he looked very slow and very beatable. Got a feeling there will be a game on the line and he just won't be able to make that play to secure a W.
[deleted]
He blocks well - and I mean you can't expect a couch signing to come in and match Boyle. He's better than no TE or just having Mandrews with no #2.
Dropping TD passes
"It was his first start, so I’ll cut him some slack. But realistically , he likely won’t provide a huge deal. His blocking seemed okay!"
He’s bad but there’s really no alternative
A serviceable TE replacement. I’d be feeling much better about him if we could use him as our third TE as planned.
"Yeah that drop was brutal. But, idk what is fair to expect. At this point if he can run on to the field without immediately falling down, it’s good enough."
Really not expecting much.  Has no quickness or explosion.  Dropped 2 passes.
"He had some good moments on the Seahawks, probably is the best option available for us atm"
I think Powers has better hands but we have more of a need for him on the line.
"dude went undrafted and was a practice squad guy all year, can’t really expect much out of him"
"At the very least hes a veteran player to help with the development of our practice squad guys.

I actually always liked him in Seattle. Hes a guy that seems to know his place and keep his nose to the grindstone. 

Lamar will help him play above his proverbial ceiling right now so I'm optimistic!"
""
Who cares
They also failed to remember they needed the refs to bail them out against the cowboys and the titans
I love Snead lmao
""
Nick Boyle is the best player in madden
Incased u missed it the 1st guy who who foolishly tried to tackle Boyle was the guy who got injured
""
LFG. So glad Calais recovered well 💜
"that's huge. I thought Calais might be out for a few games since he's older, a massive human being, and got dat asthma 

That's great that he recovered quickly"
Thank god we finally got Jihad Ward back. 5-1 in games he’s played
Awesome. Keep Mark on the sideline though. Sorry Mark.
Awesome that they are off the COVID list.  Question now is whether Calais’ calve injury has healed sufficiently.
Just hope they're not rushing campbell back too soon.
Huge sigh of relief that Calais recovered fairly quickly and seemingly without issue
""
If you like what you see @ys.designz on Instagram :)
Wallpaper pls
""
As if we haven't won the division back to back
"And for the record, I said that Juju was Marlon's bitch *in this sub.* Dude got mad enough to DM me lmao

We really got a Yinzer infestation here"
We'll never catch up to them.  We'll never get to 33 losing seasons.  I don't think it's possible
"Might want to remind him we made it 2 years running and they missed literally last year lol

I really hope we get these guys again in the playoffs and savagely beat them to death"
Yeah I got a few angry DMs after I posted that meme roasting r/Steelers.
"""Poverty-ass franchise""?  Uhh...

- You're supposed to put an adjective before the ""-ass,"" not a noun.
- Steve Bisciotti is the exact opposite of poor.
- If he means that Baltimore is poor, Pittsburgh isn't exactly El Dorado, either.
- If he means that the Ravens have fewer championships than the Steelers, okay, but it's a 2-2 tie between us over the past 20 years, and we won it all most recently.
- It's rather impossible to tell _what_ he means.
- Tim Tebow once eliminated the Steelers from the playoffs.  That isn't related, but it _is_ hilarious, and I'll buy Tebow the pious, non-alcholic beverage of his choice if ever I meet him."
Dude clearly needs to spend less time in /r/steelers and more time in /r/happy
"Rumor has it, u/2TM2 had Marlon’s dick in his throat trying to get Marlon to buy him some Madden Ultimate Team packs"
Yeah team records are a good way to evaluate a 1 on 1 matchup.
"u/2TM2 Juju is still Marlon's bitch.

Fuck your bitch ass for coming into my DMs on some bullshit, and fuck your overrated piss-colored team."
That was this sub regarding Browns fans a year ago.
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
“We’d like to thank Steeler cowboys and the fans for understanding” bruh Steelers fans we’re crying for almost 2 weeks straight thinking the NFL was out to get them or something making all type of conspiracies. They were just as bad as Saints fans after the 2018 NFCCG. Bet some of those clowns even wrote letters to the NFL expressing their thoughts
This is good news the more contagious strains are less severe. That's how it works. Viruses adapt for maximum spread and killing its hosts doesn't help spread it.
They had 4? 👀
""
"I want to see more dimes.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TxINksuELmM"
"Is that what this sub is doing now?  Burying Hollywood Brown for 4 straight weeks, then praising Trace for a 2 for 6 day after Hollywood breaks one for a 70 yard TD."
I’m all for the TikTok jokes but that TD was all Hollywood
No
"If Lamar is completely healthy, I'd rather have him with no practice than Trace. Health is the only legitimate reason why Trace should see any snaps on Tuesday."
Yes I do. In the 4th quarter when the ravens have a large lead.
"No.  Whether it's Jackson or McSorley, they'll have the same offensive coordinator calling the same predictable plays.  This isn't a quarterback controversy so much as it's a lack of Greg Roman creativity."
No
I think McSorely stinks.
NO
Only if we're up by 30 going into the 4th
"Stop. As dismal as the cowboys are, we still have the best shot at winning with Lamar"
"Lamar fans are so sensitive.

OP is just showing some love for the kid from Briar Woods, that's all."
"This mans a beast, honestly should draft him w the 1st pick but hoping he falls to the 2nd"
"Yes, I was hoping he’d enter the draft last year. He won’t go top 10 because of his size and he’ll probably run around a 4.5 but based on production alone he should be top 10. Even last year I thought he was clearly Alabama’s best receiver ."
"No, if the past two years have taught us anything, it's we need a line to give Lamar the time he needs to work. So we need to continue investing in our Oline."
"I would love the pick.  But he’s listed as 4 pounds heavier than Hollywood was at the combine. I just hope that doesn’t push our fans away from him. 

But mainly, he’s supposed to be off the board mid-late first.  Your hopes of him falling to the 2nd will never happen."
"Yes, In a heartbeat, tonight will be a good test as he goes up against Stingley. I recommend everyone who is not familiar to watch."
I want a big guy
Don't think he'll be there when we pick but if he is then absolutely
Devonte Smith currently has 200 rec yards 2 tds and it's only the 2nd qrt.
"I don't think he is what we need, as good as he is. I'd rather draft in O-line"
"I thought he looked amazing last night, but I’m not sure that we want to draft another undersized receiver."
Give me Kyle Pitts. Thanks.
"Depends on where we draft. Mid first round id say devinta smith, Kyle Pitts, or jay tufele. End first round id say creed Humphrey . Josh myers should be available mid second"
Jamaar is the best WR out of this class and Smith is second although I put both above any WRs from last year.  Also he’s definitely not falling to where we pick.
Ravens probably wont even have a first pick after Covid fines lol.
[deleted]
""
[removed]
[removed]
This is awesome
[removed]
"Things no one cares about: 

1. Your Madden Team

2. Your Fantasy Team"
Please stop
"Sounds good and all but I doubt the eagles want a mediocre at best possession receiver for the leader of their team  we are already slim on the oline why give up a solid guard in bozeman when we a run heavy team, and where the tf we getting a top 10 pick from.... or the cap space to take on macks deal"
Yet another pointless post from this guy
[deleted]
Joseph Flacco is my father
"Lamar is way too kindhearted, that’s what I like about him, he doesn’t throw anyone under the bus. But he does need to cal out Roman like this."
Whose to say he hasn’t said something similar behind closed doors? Not everything needs to be on film or social media.
"I get the vibe from Lamar that he is one of those behind closed doors conversation guys.

Like I'm sure him and GRo have had conversations like this behind closed doors.


And let's be 100% real, a majority of the issues with this offense this year are executing. Last year they could execute anything they wanted no matter what the play is. But this year their execution has been off and for the most part that's not Greg Roman's fault."
"Who could ever forget Joe "" let's go win a FUCKING GAME,"" Flacco. What a guy"
"That's not Jackson's responsibility.  That's on Harbaugh.  He brought in Roman specifically to draw up game plans around Jackson, and now Roman's failing at that.  Need I remind you that Harbaugh was about to be put on the hot seat after 2017?  He gambled his job on this.  If he doesn't do something soon, Roman, the man who brought about his brother's downfall, will do the same to him."
Hows lamar gonna tell gro this during the game when hes up in the box
He did like a month ago
Literally watched this today. Great documentary on the 2012 season
Send this to Lamar someone! Lol
This is the definition of a bait post
Someone needs to take control of this team and lead. J.K. tried putting the team on his back a couple of weeks ago. Then they abandoned the run. We are very predictable. That doesn't work well when you lose the battle on both lines.
From this thread I can see some are Lamar fans and some are Ravens fans.
""
"Good. News 3 if the 4 were stopped the 4th was obviously saunders. And the morencontagious the strain the less severely the illness.

Bad news: Andrews  and Lamar said they did everything perfectly meaning they may have the worse the strains. Who knows"
"This means there was not one source (the coach), but 4 different breaches. Which means their protocols are even more lax than originally thought."
""
Congrats on the house brotha that painting looks dope as hell
"Have to post an update with the picture hanging in that room!  Congrats on the house.  I'm here in Canada looking to purchase my own, no luck yet."
"She’s a keeper, your wife that is!"
"Sorry for the sideways pic, but I am absolutely pumped for this canvas of my favorite player! We close on the house in a few weeks. This will be the first thing I hang. We've only ever lived in tiny one bedroom apartments so this is a huge upgrade. I made a deal that my wife can decorate the rest of the house if I can get the one room which is already painted purple!"
post some pics when it’s done!
You have a good wife. Please cherish her.
That is dope
Love it! Congratulations to both of you 💜
Yo! What did she get the painting?
""
"Jk and Ingram got cleared to play against PIT but they still didn’t. Idk if that will be the case for Lamar or not. 

But even if Lamar is back, Andrews is still out, so our offense still won’t be back to where it was"
Its gonna be 7 or 8 and not 3. Bout all the info i got.
"Yes us people on Reddit have the inside info to let you know if Lamar can play. It’s the same answer as it’s been the last 3 days. If he tests negative on Sunday and Monday and the team deams him healthy enough to play, he will. We won’t know until he’s off the COVID list at the least"
""
He needs a down field target that is experienced enough to get separation or able to know when he needs to adjust to the throw to make the catch. Lamar has neither right now for down field that's why the slot gets so much attention
"It was never his strength. His deep ball accuracy has improved a lot since Louisville, but he still struggles with consistency. His strength is short to intermediate middle of the field.

There's a few highlights of really good deep throws in college such as the [one against UNC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84xLtHJbjoQ), but they were few and far between my dude."
"No time to throw. Even if you disregard the Practice Squad Game last week, we've rolled out three different offensive line configurations in four games. Part of that is injuries - and getting Tyre back should go a long way to stabilizing things a little - but part of it has also been performance. Skura's snaps come to mind, as do Fluker's holding penalties.

You can only throw deep if you can keep your quarterback upright long enough to fire deep. There are issues at WR too - Brown's lack of fight and tiny catch radius have been regular talking points on the sub, as has Boykin never seeming to be on the same page as Lamar - but imo the big thing it comes down to is the fact we really do not have an offensive line right now."
"Even when his guys get open down the field, he's missed them."
"I feel bad for you Baltimore fans who missed out on UL Lamar. I could be wrong, cause I was getting hella high at the time, but I was there when they first put in Lamar. It was recently after Teddy left and it was towards the end of a shitty season. Like I said before, I could be wrong with the details. 

But it was towards the end of a game, and a new small looking QB comes in. “Who the fuck is this guy!?” Is what I said to my buddy. He just looked so small and fragile. 

Don’t remember much of his passing. But he ran like a “wild man” (I only quoted it because it’s the third time I have said that in this sub). 

He got MVP. Then the next year got even better stats. Too bad our team sucked. I am happy to of forgotten his name, but our number 1 receiver caught the ball at the 4 yard line with no time left, and casually ran it out of bounds at the 1 to lose the game. Vs a ranked opp. 

Especially having Teddy right before getting Lamar, showed me that Lamar was going to be something special. 

Side note: I think the squirrel that ran 30 yards for a TD was during that same year. I was at that game too drunk; and I was screaming like I just saw a pick 6."
Hollywood cant get separation
"We do have a lot of slot receivers, we really don’t have a deep threat wide receiver, which is why we don’t throw deep a lot or at all."
Throwing deep in college and throwin deep in the nfl are two very different things
"Be it scheme or limitations of personnel, Ravens WRs can’t get separation, or win those 50/50 balls. If he isn’t running free off the line, Hollywood can’t get separation and doesn’t have the size to make up for that with contested catches. Him not developing into a true #1 is becoming a serious issue. Other Ravens WRs just aren’t fast enough. However, the rudimentary route schemes and combinations Roman runs don’t help. They aren’t being put in positions to succeed. It’s actually what is making Dez so interesting, he has made the most of limited playing time and frankly, is probably the best WR on the roster along with Snead even with having not played in two years. I think it says more about our WRs and offense than about Dez. 

The Lamar part of it is nothing we haven’t known or wasn’t even true of him last year. While he has made vast improvements overall he still had the same limitations with outside throws and deep throws last season. But with the lack of true #1 (or, gulp, even #2) receiving talent, bland schemes, AND devastating injuries/Yanda’s retirement on the line, we aren’t able to work around Lamar’s limitations and have to work through them and hope they improve.

There’s no single reason why the Ravens O isn’t working this year. You can point to any number of reasons and be correct."
Really wished they could of bought on Bobby Petrino as an offensive consultant.
Harbaugh needs to move on
[deleted]
Sunday is supposed to be fun day.
"It'll be a RedZone day for me, checking on fantasy teams.  Lot less stress though!"
My husband and I get together with friends every Sunday during football and it really stinks when my team isn’t on. Instead of drinking and yelling at the TV I just drink.
"Got automatically renewed for Sunday ticket, which I only got originally so I could catch Ravens games. Saw the schedule prior to the season and saw that we had a decent amount of nationally televised games so I tried to cancel after the first month of the season and found out that you can't cancel. So yeah that sucked. 

And now with all the rescheduling....

This all to say that Sunday ticket was a total waste of like $300 this season."
It would have been on Thursday anyways but I miss Sunday
Is Dobbins going to feast?
"Nov 22 v. Titan was out last Sunday game.
It sure does feel like longer ago."
I miss it but at the same time gives me more to look forward to during the wk
To be fair we weren’t supposed to play today anyways so at least we didn’t lose a Sunday yet.
"He is #1 at a RB who fumbles

We got a defense who loves to strip the ball

Make your predictions"
I feel like this is bad karma given the fact that this game is as close to a must win as you’ll get at this point in the season.
*y e s*
...IT'S OVER NINE THOUSAAAND!
[deleted]
""
i remember getting this cutscene and just putting down my controller and turning the game off
Please tell me that's not real
"He looks like Sgt. Carver from The Wire

Edit: which is ironic because he actually looks like Johnny Weeks of The Wire (Bubbles' friend) in real life."
This game is a joke. Frfr
Isn’t this face of the franchise?
Their defense is so so bad. 2 to marquise 1 to duv 1 to proche 1 to dez plus a marlo 👊 queen scoop and score and a JK 60 yard TD in a 52-7 win. Praying to the football gods🙏🙏🙏
"I'm good with this, gotta speak it into existence!"
Let’s hope!
All depends on whether Roman want to get his head out of his ass
[removed]
[deleted]
How does that happen in the Denver secondary?
My absolute favorite part of that play is watching ravens legend Jim Leonhards knees give out when Jacoby catches it. Jim was great for us he really was and I loved him here but when his knees give out is my favorite part
Shit now I have to watch the clip again
This looks awesome. Is “Hey diddle diddle” in the pipeline??
Legendary
HOW DO I BUY!?
Dierdorf was so upset...lol...
Amazing job. Real clean. Adding The quote is the best touch in my opinion.
"""CAUGHT. into the endzone, touchdown Jacoby Jones!"" That call is etched into my memory forever."
"Watched this in person. As Ray said, you could hear a mouse piss on a cotton ball when that happened. It was incredible."
This is so so so cool. Can't wait to see the others!
This looks great! Do you have a link to purchase?
God I remember watching this game and standing out of nervousness that 4th quarter. Insane win.
Wait can I buy these?
"I would have quoted Gerry Sandusky's ""Jacoby Jones **HAS IT AT THE TWENTY**,"" but that's awesome, too.  Great work!"
Should also do 4th and 29. Just as critical of a play for that season.
This game was truly a roller coaster of emotions
"I know it’s not as historic but you should do Lamar’s Cincy run next.

LOOK AT HIM DART BACK AND FORTH"
""
"Powers: highly touted draft pick, played well in every chance he's been given, now 2 seasons in having fully played only 2 game. Wtf is the story there?!"
"Offensive line notes vs Steelrs including:

* Trystan Colon-Castillo's first game
* Large number of IOL options for the Ravens going forward
* RT dilemma
* Quality play from Ben Bredeson as a 6th OL"
"Great episode, I loved the discussion about why we don't utilize more screen passes and why they're effective on us."
"Good work, I'd like to see Ben Bredeson get more playing time going forward."
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
So it sounds like they only agreed to play because they might've had to forfeit future games if they held out (and the salary for every game).
"Man this whole situation is just ugly 

Really hope the outbreak is truly contained and everyone gets better soon

Hope the NFL makes a punishment decision quickly and we can just put this thing behind us lol"
"Wow wtf nflpa? I understand they are a weak union by design, but this is garbage."
"Sounds like the Ravens were allowing the staff to blatantly disregard the NFL's Covid protocols if the reports are true. I would expect the NFL to lay the hammer down on the organization if those kind of violations are confirmed in the investigation.

I think given all that's happen with the Raven's outbreak we would be lucky to only have to forfeit a sixth round draft pick."
"Jason Cuckanfora? Nah, I'm good."
""
Lamar Coming! Lamar Coming!
Lomar
"Lamar cometh, Lamar taketh"
"“I got the [empty backfield] shotgun [QB draw on 4th & 3], you [Greg Roman] got the briefcase [shitty play calls]... issall a game tho, right?”"
LAMAR COMING!
Ayooooo
"You come at the King, you best not miss."
Amazing. Here we go
“Y’all got any honey nut?”
https://i.imgur.com/64dxxkI.jpg Best purchase from last year. Glad I got it before Barstool took it down due to copyright infringement.
Oh indeed
Wish I was as confident as you. All our competition won today and we're still choking away games
"Why wasn't this a meme last year? Or did I miss it? Either way, take my Old Bay."
Lamar comin!
 😂
"Lamar's back, let's go!!!"
"Y’all need to stop. He’s coming to be underwhelming like he’s been all year. Sure the O line is jacked up and Hollywood has butter fingers but this year just ain’t it..

I hope he takes things slow, focuses on being 100% and just tries to work on his mechanics with the remaining games. This year was a travesty, all things considered. 

All of it isn’t his fault. We know Roman has to fucking GO but let’s just let the guy play with no expectations. Unpopular opinion but I’m a realist."
""
"The whole situation was terrible. Having said that.... it’s hard not to feel like this was the perfect reset for our season. 5 game season. Do over, nothing before Tuesday matters."
IN THE FLESH
Woooooooo
"I really hope all the guys coming back off the COVID list are really 100%.  I hope that the fact that they're young, strong, elite athletes meant that the lingering effects of this will be negligible.  Not just hoping that for our guys either."
Boom
Is he actually playing or just expected?
Soooo exciting to see our guy play.
Soooo no trace mcsorley?
Yasss
"I hope he's watching Baker and learning how to manage a game better.
Also glad he's feeling better. If he's playing then be 100%. Can't hurt resting another game and letting Trace start this one."
"Hey guys, noticed a lot of the fantasy experts are super high on dobbins this week. Obviously we saw what he was capable in a heavier role last time he played, but do we think we can we expect a similar workload against Dallas with him coming off the virus? Seems a little risky, please talk me into it."
Yes. He’s the best player on this offense right now.
"I think it’s kind of a wait and see thing. In one league I almost have to play him this week so I hope he does but there’s no way to really know. Honestly I just hope he’s healthy, or gets fully healthy soon."
To me it’s not necessarily his work load. It’s his potential of making a big play. He can produce good yardage and potential score on half the carries
Good matchup. I wouldn’t be shocked if he gets a lot of touches with Willie and Andrews out. Even more run game than usual. He also catches passes out of the backfield. Strong flex.
The ravens have been spreading the ball around so much that it’s been frustrating for fans.  I wouldn’t bank on anything.
"I think we can expect to see that. This requires \*speculation,\* but I would guess not all the players had symptoms because if you read the thing the Ravens put out, there were 4 different strands, and what we know about COVID is that not all strands show symptoms. (COVID deniers, stay away from this comment. This is not a denial.) 

So there is a chance Dobbins didn't have symptoms, and there is a sure, definite fact that the Cowboys defense is allergic to tackling lol. I think he'll have a big day."
[deleted]
""
How is this in any way relevant to the Ravens?
"This morning I’m rewatching the mile high miracle game and man do I miss this offense. Boldin, Rice, Torrey smith, jacoby, pitta, and a strong O-line. What an amazing super bowl run.

Don’t get me wrong, I love having the strongest D, but could you imagine that 2012 offense with Lamar replacing Flacco? It would be unstoppable. 

Do you guys think we should continue keeping our D #1 or focus a little more on giving Lamar more weapons and beefing up the O-line?"
This team needs to do more than focus “a little more” on offense lol.
Oooo while we’re workin on stuff how about we work on the some tackling too. These dudes look scared to tackle anyone and everyone on the field it’s embarrassing
"We got the weapons, we need an o-line that can take a punch."
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-Week-13-picks-eneeot](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-Week-13-picks-eneeot)

ok we SHOULD win this game, it's the start of our SHOULD be easy stretch"
""
This was never in play anyway. He only tested positive 7 days ago.
"Hardly news ,he was never going to make it back in time."
Man... we went from having a surplus of top tier TE’s to Luke. I miss Hayden Hurst and Boyle :’(
Just hope he’s doing alright
Put Boykin at TE
We will be fine it’s the Cowboys.
Dang. Although I was impressed the way our backup TE’s stepped up in the steelers game. Should be good this game but definitely looking forward to getting Andrew back.
I hope dudes okay.
"🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️ TIME

Slay the cowboys with their own 88"
"I'd take it easy with him, anyway.  Covid can kick the crud out of diabetic folks."
""
"I'm no pilot but I feel like this isn't a very realistic flight simulator 

You came in pretty hot on that tight turn before landing lol"
"This Microsoft Fight Simulator Video will probably bring back bad memories of any remaining Baltimore Colts fans. The YouTube video (radio audio and still photos) with the voices of Tom Davis, Chuck Thompson and Artie Donovan is well worth the listen.

**1976-Memorial Stadium Plane Crash After Colts Playoff Game (WCBM Radio)**

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrmYnXIMG4g](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrmYnXIMG4g)

Just ten minutes after the Baltimore Colts 1976 season came to an end  with a lopsided 40-14 playoff loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers at  Memorial Stadium, a small private plane crashed into the upper deck of  the stadium.    Fortunately the stadium was by this point largely empty  of spectators.     The pilot, an unstable individual named Donald  Kroner, was unhurt.  -Here is how the crash was reported during the Colts Radio Network  postgame show.     Heard are Tom Davis, longtime Colts and Orioles voice  Chuck Thompson, and Colts legend Art Donovan.

**40-years-ago: Plane crashes into Baltimore’s Memorial Stadium after Colts game hitting police officer**

[https://www.statter911.com/2016/12/19/40-years-ago-plane-crashes-into-baltimores-memorial-stadium-after-colts-game-hitting-police-officer/](https://www.statter911.com/2016/12/19/40-years-ago-plane-crashes-into-baltimores-memorial-stadium-after-colts-game-hitting-police-officer/)

**Crashing down in Baltimore In 1976, plane landed in stands after Steelers landed hard on Colts**

[https://www.baltimoresun.com/news/bs-xpm-1996-01-13-1996013003-story.html](https://www.baltimoresun.com/news/bs-xpm-1996-01-13-1996013003-story.html)

[http://www.check-six.com/Crash\_Sites/N6276J-Kroner.htm](http://www.check-six.com/Crash_Sites/N6276J-Kroner.htm)

The plane's pilot, 33 year old Donald N. Kroner, who had worked as both a  flight instructor and an air control tower operator, had been arrested  the prior week on a warrant for reckless flying, littering, and making a  bomb threat against Bill Pellington, a former linebacker for the Colts,  at his restaurant.  Rolls of toilet paper and a bottle were dropped on  Pellington's restaurant the week before, according to detectives.   Kroner was later released on $2,100 bail.

In February of 1977, Kroner was found guilty on two charges of malicious destruction of property and one charge of reckless flying. He  was sentenced in mid-March of 1977 to two years in prison for his  crimes, and served three months before he was released in June.  Shortly  afterwards, it was publicly revealed he had worked as a  federal narcotics informant for the Customs Service after two men asked  him if he could fly a small plane into South America low enough that he  would be undetected by radar..

Kroner  was later, in 1980, charged with stealing a Greyhound bus from Dulles  International Airport.  In 1983, he was charged with omitting  his reckless flying conviction from a federal application when he  applied for a new medical certificate from the FAA and, in 1987, he was  arrested by Anne Arundel County Police and was charged with breaking  & entering after he was found wandering in a garage.

Donald Kroner passed away on November 4th, 2013."
"I come in peace mods, just thought y'all would appreciate how M&T Bank Stadium looks in the sim from field level!"
Is this an older version of the game or Microsoft Flight Simulator on a 15 year old gpu?
"Richard Sherman just announced that he’s likely done with the 49ers. Thoughts on bringing him in on a cheap deal if he’s willing? Not to start but could help with playoff experience, vet leadership and depth."
"Cheap? Eh, maybe. But there are significantly more pressing issues with the roster than CB"
"CB is actually one of our strong suits, so I don’t see how this would make any sense."
Oh also he hates Crabtree which would fit right in
"Tbh I think Sherman goes back to Seattle, a team like KC or he calls it to start a political career"
"Nah.

He wouldn’t be here for the long term, and he’d be expensive. If we’re going to add to our CB group, we need reliable depth, not star power."
Sherman is a zone corner at this point and also we have a ton of depth at the position and it’s our greatest strength.
No
How's he going to go cheap?
He won't be cheap and he won't be needed. Jimmy Smith is still on the team and the corners don't need a vet presence. They've all been in the league for a few years now. It doesn't make that much sense.
"My family and I watched ""Radio"" last night.  Great feel good movie. Not the best football movie ever by any means, but a great story nonetheless. 
Either way.  The story of James Robert Kennedy is similar to Mo Gabba but different enough. I think Mo is significantly more inspiring and feel good though. 

I think it would be a worthwhile project."
"I’d really like a Mo documentary, there’s a ton of existing footage and interviews with him. Could interview some players from the Ravens and Orioles. 

I’d watch the hell out of that."
Love that movie. That’s gotta be 20 years old.
How you been Kdog?
""
These are pretty cool. Have seen them for every sports team.
This is crazy but damn the amount of time this must have taken lol
[deleted]
""
"Can we get a Photoshop-proficient person to make OP's wish come true, please?  And what color would we make the red lines?"
🤘
That’s it. That’s the post.
"Go Titans, Jets, Bungals, and Texans."
I’ll subscribe to that
[deleted]
Aaaaand they fucked it
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck Steve Saunders for fucking up the schedule for three weeks in a row.
""
Titans Texans Jets Bengals...ofc when we need help we have to rely on the Jets Texans and Bengals🤦🏾‍♂️ hopefully Titans expose the browns but knowing our luck all those teams going to lose
Titans. And believe it or not the jets
"Titans, Texans, Jets, and Bengals."
"Over the rest of the season we will want these teams to drop games:

Browns, Colts, Raiders, Dolphins, and Titans.

We need to finish above 2 of them. The colts being the most likely because we have the H2H, then probably the dolphins because they have a touch schedule."
""
"For the memes of course. Hell, my little nephews and cousins who don't watch football and have no idea who Trace really is, but are singing that song that's on Youtube with 4 million views. I'm like, ""how the hell do you know that song?"" they tell me he is the internet youtube guy.

&#x200B;

He is a meme."
"Frankly I’d consider buying one just cause I’ve always wanted to own an oddball jersey where a few years later even casual ravens fans would be like “wait, who?”"
Because people like him
Racist
"Just when you need them to win, they play like absolute dogshit"
It feels like the team’s whole purpose is to screw us over and nothing more.
"Fuck us. We lost to them. It’s our fault. We put ourselves in this position

Edit: see, the titans are worse than the browns, we blew it against them after they disrespected the shield smh"
We had a 21-10 lead and we blew it... titans aren’t better than us we just beat ourselves like we beat ourselves in the first Steelers game and the Patriots game. We stay taking Ls...
Hope the Ravens players are watching this and feel embarrassed because I am sick watching this shit. Unbelievable we lost to this dog shit team
I blame our offensive coordinator. We didn't exploit there horrible pass defense.
"I can't believe we blew it against this team, it's so frustrating to watch"
"But also, fuck the Browns."
Terrible spot on that 4th down for the Titans. If that wasn’t a first down how was the Steelers a first down against us?? It’s nuts.
"Go coach, asshole!

I hate that team. Vrabel is a tool."
Fuck the Titans
Oh no. We're the dogshit here. That game was won and ready to go home and everyone took their foot off the gas. This team is arrogant as hell this season without putting in any of the work
Wish our receivers could catch like Davis & Brown..
"We should’ve handled them too, we just couldn’t score in the end zone for whatever reason."
Yeah fuck that team. Hope every inch of moral is sucked out of them and they shit the bed the rest of the season.
"Not just they are bad, the browns are good. Not great, but good. It annoys me that this sub, after all we’ve seen from our team, are already chalking a win against the browns. I don’t see it."
"If the browns win, our chances go WAY down of making the playoffs."
"They didn't play very well against us, either. Difference is we let them hang around and ended up losing"
Lmaoo we should not have lost to that fraud team just imagine if Campbell and Williams were healthy or if Lamar played better
How is that that the refs continue to screw us even when we are not playing
Those cocksuckers only play us hard.
Blowout lol
We have no one to blame but the Ravens for playing like ass
At least the Bengals are helping us out (for now)
Lmaoo wtf
"Looks like Browns will take the 5th spot but that can change quickly if they lose to us and the Steelers and we win out. Even if they get that spot, there are still 2 spots to fight for. The teams fighting for those spots are us, Colts, Raiders and Dolphins. I still really like our chances of getting at least the 7th seed."
Why do we want the Titans to win? Both teams are 8-3 and were fighting for a wildcard right?
"Baker is winning his Super Bowl right now, good for him. 

As for this Titans team, pathetic but more pathetic on our part for being unable to shut the door on them."
Dont call it a comeback...
"Note to GRo, Browns just executed perfect game plan in the first half to beat the Titans.  Get up on them early to take Derrick Henry and play action that comes with him out of the game to make Tannehill beat you with a vertical passing game.  Our only hope now is that the Browns defense can brown in the second half"
"How quickly COVID made us forget....MADDEN CURSE"". Come on?!?!?"
"They didnt play like shit, the Browns are just that good."
The Tennessee Titans only purpose is to screw with the Ravens.
"Nah. It's far from over. Titans will come back swinging, Browns gonna  Brown."
"Own fault, and the browns came out and balled. Defense made turnovers and Mayfield through for over 300 and 70% completions. Couldnt follow covid protocol and choked"
I'm a Steelers fan but I hate that it's Cleveland in 2nd place and not Baltimore. I still think Baltimore wins out and tie cleveland but win the tiebreaker. I just can't bring myself to having any respect for Cleveland for some reason.
I’m excited to see the browns step on the ravens throats next week :)
You mad???!! Hahahahahahh
"Me? Bane

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k7zdv5)"
"Best outcomes for us:

Titans over Browns

Texans over Colts

Bengals over Dolphins

Jets over Raiders

Chargers over Patriots"
Titans for now
None
Bane?
Is this real life? I'm going to need Vrabel to curse the Titans out during half.
We are who we thought we are
So these guys ruin our 2019 season... comeback 9 months later stomp on our shield and beat us again on our field 2 times in the same year.. and proceed to get beat by the browns when we need them to win... the titans just really hate us that much that they’re willing to lose so we miss the playoffs huh
"just sayin.

yeah right.

embarrasin' is the word right there."
"Browns have been doing it all season. Winning games they should. Winning close games. I don’t believe they are a great team, but they aren’t half bad and will cause us problems."
"As much I hate to admit this, the Browns are a damn good team."
"Give them credit, they look like a playoff team. ESPN’s got themselves a good game next Monday."
Really the Steelers are doing what we were supposed to do. The Ravens were crowned 16-0 in the offseason. Between that and a Madden cover this was never going to be easy.
 it’s looking slimmer and slimmer for us even getting to the playoffs. No one ever does us any favors
We’ve been missing a variety of players pretty much all season and we’re finally nearing having a relatively healthy roster. Stop panicking over past games. Correct me if I’m wrong but we didn’t have Calais against the Titans. The whole reason we got him was to aide in run defense and we didn’t have him against the best runner in the league.
You mean attacking with play action right?
Most of this sub thought the browns were overrated and that we should definitely beat them just because we blew them out 12 weeks ago.
You are right.
[deleted]
""
We all hate the titans but we needed them to win today to take 2nd place back in the AFC north next week if we beat the browns and Cowboys and get closer to a WC spot. This loss is tough for Ten but I’m pretty sure they’re going to win the AFCS anyways so it’s all good for them. Damn even when our team isn’t playing we stay taking Ls.
Fuck em both but if there's some silver lining it's that Vrabel is getting embarrassed at home and that makes me smile.
The Browns losing definitely would've been better for us but fuck the Titans forever.
"I'm glad the Titans lost but damn, to the Browns? Lolol Mayfield rolling this year! I wish somebody from the Browns stood on the Titans shield on the field the same way the Titans disrespected the Ravens."
You aren't.
Fuck both of them
"We only make peace with our enemies, my lord. That is why it’s called “making peace”"
"I don’t hate the Titans tbh. They beat us twice, fair and square. I’m upset at our team for not getting the job done against them.

No upside to the Browns winning that game. Makes our route to the playoffs much harder."
""
it’s the nature of the nfl. raiders beat the chiefs then lost 43-6 to the cellar dweller falcons. anything can happened. we just have to respect the browns as a decent team because they are
Baker has players to throw to. Lamar doesnt. It hurts to see all the QBs in the league have a bunch of passes to a bunch of different players. We have to rely on a shitty GRo play scheme and pray Lamar pulls a miracle. When does the organization say it's enough? How do you let your MVP recess a long with the line so much?
"I am watching in disbelief.

Titans made us their bitches.  Browns are beyond thumping the Titans."
Even the fucking Bengals beat the Titans. We’re the only team in the AFC N to not get it done.
It looks like things are finally coming together for them.. the AFCN is going to be VERY competitive moving forward.
Any given sunday and matchups are a thing yet people still get surprised like this every week. All this means is one team showed up today and next week the teams can play the complete opposite.
We’re so fucked
Hot take time. The Browns 4th receiver would be our number 1
""
"Like, wtf is even happening out there?  Jc"
I’m not mad about this in fact I’m kinda glad the browns are blowing their load this game. They won’t repeat it next week against us.
"If we face the Titans again in the playoffs I really hope we pop off. Like, all we needed from you was to defeat the Browns and instead you get outscored 38-7 in the first *half*

It took the Ravens and the Steelers the whole game to now the Browns out that bad. But the tits just let it happen to them in 2 quarters. Wtf man"
Can’t have shit in Detroit
Ravens arnt a good team
"Seen a LOT of negativity towards the Ravens lately

I Just wanna say I like where we stand... got some easy games to end the year hot and get everyone’s confidence up. Even if we fall to the browns I think we still got a decent chance of stumbling into the third wild card spot.

Hoping the chiefs overtake the steelers and we start the playoffs @ Pittsburgh. Would be a great game"
Our season would have been over after the titans game if the Playoffs were a normal 6 team competition. We’re going to be the first 7th Seed ever!!
You like where we stand? Did you mean to type that? It was a typo right?
"Need to beat a good team on the road to have a shot at the playoffs, hopefully most of our missing players will be back by then"
Yeah but the team was better in 2018 against the chargers than right now
In 2018 the browns had the chance to end our season and again in 2020 they have a chance to end our season. U just can’t make this shit up fellas
"I hope so too. But I’m still very concerned. We have to stop Chubb. Their passing game looks so good, mainly due to the Titans being so concerned with stopping Chubb. Titans know how damaging a big back can be! 

Defence needs to be lights out top to bottom for 4 quarters. I still don’t have much trust in our offence to do much!"
Ravens honestly look like they could be a last place team next year at this rate. Decosta better make an actual impact this offseason or else it's gonna be a rough few years.
"AFC north is going to be stupidly tough next year when burrow is back, we need to get our shit together"
"Any Given Sunday bro. The fact the steelers, bengals, and browns beat the titans this year, and we didn't, says nothing about us."
"Might be a bit of an overreaction. Clearly this year is a huge disappointment from last year, and being the one team that can’t beat The Titans is a huge bummer. But a lot can change in an off season."
"You need to relax. We are not going to be last place in the division next year. What is decosta supposed to do about Stanley, boyle, Campbell, Williams, and Young missing many games not to mention pretty much the entire offense missing a key game against the Steelers?

Yeah the team has been a disappointment this year but sometimes a team just gets unlucky."
We were missing BWill and Calais... how do u stop a run first team without ur run defense
">they could be a last place team next year

>its gonna be a rough few years

What? lmaoo. 2019 spoiled the fuck outta some of yall. Well be just fine"
Bc everyone went young and went old and mediocre like always
[deleted]
I don’t see a thug... just a guy enjoying the spoils of his hard work
"Why do you think this makes him a thug?

Edit: defending our beloved QB from racist stereotypes and I’m getting downvoted? Y’all trippin smh"
"Thug? You mean he's unapologetically Black? I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt, and believe you don't know about the [racially charged history](https://theundefeated.com/features/slip-or-not-thug-is-a-word-with-a-painful-complicated-history-cleveland-cavs-coach-john-beilein/) behind the word thug. For most non-POC that use the word thug to refer to Black people, they say it in place of the N-word."
"Thug is synonymous with the N word, why are we calling our star QB this?"
"He’s also average this year 

PS not a ravens fan"
"Just curious as to how some Ravens fans feel right now about the teams they hate at the moment. Mine, right now, goes:

1. Steelers

2. Titans

3. Browns


The Bengals aren't really a threat and I really like Joe Burrow and Joe Mixon. The Steelers are the Steelers. The Titans really piss me off. Losing to them in the playoffs + all the shit talk from their players and fans + Derrick Henry getting ridiculously overhyped all year has led to me hating them more than our division opponent, the Browns. I still hate the Browns a LOT but I'd rather have the Titans get embarassed... I just wish we could beat the Titans too lol

also unrelated but the season isn't over. we will make the playoffs. ya gotta believe"
"1. Steelers

2. Browns

Tied for 3. Titans and Patriots

5. Bengals

Then just the teams that any sane person should hate (example: Cowboys)"
"1.Steelers
2.Browns
3.Titans"
Pats steelers browns the titans arent on my radar
"1. Steelers
2. Titans 
3. Browns
4. Colts
5. Patriots
6. Bengals"
"Steelers
Patriots
Titans"
"1) Steelers
2) Pat's
3) Indy."
"Browns have really messed my fantasy, plus they're ahead of both my teams (Miami and Baltimore). Everytime they have a game they mess up the spread. Doesnt matter if do or dont pick them they always screw me without fail"
"Steelers
Seahawks 
Cowboys 
Titans"
"I agree with your list.

Even going back to the old AFC Central division with Eddie George, there has always been bad blood between the ravens and Titans and I think they'll always be our out of division rivals."
"1. Steelers
2. Titans (Henry isn't overhyped tho)
3. The Browns players (I can't hate the fans for being loyal to the end even if they are annoying right now, but the players are insufferable and they have no one who went through the 0-16 teams anymore who really deserves to win)"
"1. Ravens 
2. Ravens
3. Ravens"
"1) Steelers

2)Browns. Their fans are getting awfully chirpy.

3)Titans

4)Chiefs

5)Patriots. Always F the pats"
"Now the browns are good it’s so much easier to hate them now, I’m lovin it"
""
Why isn’t he shimmying? It feels like an itch I can’t scratch seeing a still frame of this
Whenever I am dominating in a Madden game. I love to play him to sack the qb trying to make a comeback. Dude is a beast.
"Oh, I'm super happy to see him back. He was quickly becoming on of my favorite players because I really like the way he plays. Then he gets reunited with Yannick and then gets hurt.     

I hope he's back at full strength."
""
The Browns are a lot more capable with the weapons they have. Years of high draft picks and low cap had to pay off eventually.
"I hate to say it, but I think the Browns have more tools in the toolbox."
Anyone else feel the same way?
Ditto.
I hope we prepare for that lineman touchdown play. They are definitely gonna use it on us
Say goodbye to having the number 1 rush offense than
"Its not Gregs fault , Jim has been an issue as a coach, his man management has been off and Lamar cant comprehend the complexity of Gregs schemes"
"Who's better Lamar or Watson and why

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k817s2)"
Oh yeah Deshaun got unanimous MVP without any WR’s. I forgot he was the better QB.
Lamar by far
Lamar Jackson
Bruh Lamar all day. One of a kind superstar. We need to get the man receivers for fuck sake
Lamar is the better athlete but Watson is the better QB
Deshaun is way better this year and it isn’t really close. But he also has better receivers
who cares
"DeShaun and this isn’t even debatable. The results of this poll are laughable, even with this being the Ravens sub."
You are asking on a ravens subreddit. Isn’t it obvious who will win. 😀
Watson. He’s one of my favorite players period
Deshaun Watson
Lamar because he's just so dynamic yeah Deshaun has more experience and can break sacks easier but the way Lamar plays it's just idk he is just so good at playmaking being elusive and everything else
Deshaun Watson and it's not even close.
DeShawn half the runner and 3 times the passer Lamar is
Watson
"
The Cowboys: Without Dak them boys have been largely a scrub unit, but even with him their defense is just god awful. However, they are absolutely loaded in the skills positions. 

How we win: the best approach to this game is simple, use our run game, and set up some play action here and there. The Cowboys are the 2nd worse run defense in the league. Defensively we need to limit the pass and force them to be one dimensional. 

How we could lose: Andy Dalton isn’t who he was with the Bengals, but he always seems to play well against us. The Cowboys also have a strong O-line. We need consistent pressure (no necessarily sacks) so he doesn’t get comfortable. Their wideouts are talented, and plentiful, we need to dispute the passing game and force them to run the ball with a struggling Zeke. If we let them get into a rhythm against the secondary things could go against us. 

The Browns: Cleveland is hot right now, and this is a big game for both teams. I fully expect a dog fight. 

How we win: On offense we need to show good balance with the run/pass. The Browns MLBs can get lost in coverage which should help us, plus Andrews should be back. Defensively we have to take Chubb and Hunt out of the game. Force Baker to have to win it all against our talented secondary. 

How we lose: if we don’t take away the run, we will lose, it’s that simple. The Browns rely on their run game to set up everything else. They have a good defensive line as well, we’ll need to run to the outside to escape the “teeth” of the defense. Whoever is against Myles Garret is in for a day. If they make us one dimensional, it’ll be hard to get the pass going. 

The Jags: looking at the Jags, this is the one game I’m really confident in. The Jags aren’t particularly good in any area right now. 

How we win: Just play our game. They aren’t great against the run, or play action. Defense needs to limit James Robinson, he is by far their biggest play maker. 

How we lose: self inflicted wounds. Can’t turn the ball over and pile up penalties. Applied to both sides of the ball. I can’t see is losing this game without doing it to ourselves. 

Bengals: without Joe Burrow this team is almost like the Jags, but it’s a division game and we all know how that goes. 

How we win: Sacks, sacks and more sacks will make this game a beating. The Cincy Oline is hot garbage. Offensively run the ball, and play smart ball security. 

How we lose: Allowing yards after the catch. All of Cinci’s skill position players are tough after the catch. Mixon especially. We need to tackle well, which is something we’ve struggled with. 

The Giants: the Giants record says they suck, but the team has some talent on it. I honestly don’t think Daniel Jones is as bad as people like to say. 

How we win: on offense we have to take advantage of their inability to guard the edge. Shouldn’t be hard if we have Lamar/Dobbins. Defensively Jones does tend to the turn the ball over. 

How we lose: if we don’t stop the big play, I don’t think we win. Jones loves throwing bombs, no matter how crazy they might be. If we can’t stop the big play, we may end up playing catch up. Something we aren’t good at."
"I don’t want to get ahead of myself, but I think the cowboys, jags and bengals will be cakewalks.

Giants have a surprisingly good defense. It’ll be closer than we think but we’ll still pull it out. 


Cleveland is the “big game”; if the offense doesn’t do dumb stuff and turn it over, I think we have the advantage."
Cowboys were scrubs with dak
""
I found Rob Ryan's takes pretty freaking bad tbh
[deleted]
"well I don't think the issue people complain about is that we don't draft wide receivers *at all*, but rather that 20/30 of those receivers were 4th round picks or lower, and if we include 3rd rounders it goes to 24/30"
"I've been doing a Ravens draft analysis since quite a time now, and wanted to share some interesting details. This is the first part of a larger, multi-part analysis, the positional breakdown.

It's a common theme on Ravens forums (incl. reddit) that the team goes defense-heavy when it comes to drafts, the offensive needs are often overlooked, we don't draft enough receivers or o-line etc. Well, neither of those are true.

The Ravens have drafted **113 offensive players** throughout the years, while the defensive players only account for **45%** of the rookies. But here comes the even more surprising part: we've drafted **30 wide receivers** and **13 additional tight ends** since 1996, which group leads the positional groups in the history of Ravens drafts. Offensive line is also a top priority in drafts, 35 players have been drafted to this part of the offense since the Ravens' inaugural season.

Just take a look at the image to see the breakdown of the draft positions.

A few notes:

* I used ProFootballReference's (PFR) public database, and also checked each draft pick's profile and wikipedia page for further available information. The 2 databases don't always match, but I tried to do my best to iron out the differences
* Draft positions are often ambiguous, FBs marked as RBs, OLBs as DEs (and vice versa), Corners are often DBs, Long Snappers as Centers and the list goes on. It's quite difficult to get a 100% clear picture of the positions, but overall you can see where the team spends its draft capital
* I've broken up the stats to 4 ""eras"" to see if there's a change in the draft position patterns (Since 1996, since Harbaugh named HC, since our 2nd SB Win, and since DeCosta took over)"
[deleted]
Waiting for the jets to choke too
Annnndddd it's gone lol
Texans just choked 🤦🏾‍♂️
Bro you jinxed it
Delete
This is why you don’t rely on other teams. You just don’t. Luck isn’t with us boys. It’s just not out year. One thing after another after another.
That is all.
LMAOO  THE JETS WANTED TO TANK😂
LITERALLY WTF. In the span of 30 seconds we went from controlling our own destiny to having every game go the wrong way today.
Our playoff odds dropped 12% today
That might have been one of the worst  December 1 P.M windows of all time. I mean holy shit.
Winning out is pretty much our only option now. I think it’s a possibility given our strength of schedule.
And the titans
"Steelers blown 10 point lead

Patriots monsoon when we get the ball in the 4th quarter

Top run defenders getting injured before facing Derick Henry

Titans blown lead

Entire team getting COVID

Luke Wilson dropped go ahead TD against the 11-0 Steelers

Every wild card potential team winning, two at the last second on lucky plays

**--> YOU ARE HERE**

Dez bryant gets Covid triggering a second team outbreak 

Ravens miss the playoffs 
????"
Wow the Jets really dont want a fucking win very sad
What the shit was that coverage. Just left their corners out to dry
We deserve it. This team is average and they have no one to blame but themselves. Add pieces to the offense and move on from greg Roman he was exposed this year but we all know that’s not happening and we’re gonna be mediocre again next year. It’s like we had one weird year and we came crashing down to the Flacco years. Coaching has been really bad since the super bowl. Zero playoff wins since. Idc if Harbaugh was coach of the year last year that felt more like a flash in the pan time to move because if we don’t Harbaugh is keeping Roman this is the hard truth
Fuck the Jetsons
wtf are the Jets even doing not playing prevent....
"Literally every team that would've helped us with a loss today, won."
According to 538 there was an 88% chance of at least one of those four games going our way. Our luck this week has been comically bad and we haven't even played yet...
Jets and Texans blow it in the last seconds. No help! Unbelievable
wouldnt need it if we finished our own damn job instead of blowing it 4-5 times.
"Literally the worst possible things that could happen just happened. How does Lamar Jackson blow coverage that bad? The only thing the Jets couldn't let happen, they let happen. Fuck this year so hard."
Yep
"As soon as they cut to the raiders after the Texans fumble, you just knew what was about to happen"
So whats the playoff scenario looking like? We gotta win out and have other teams lose?
Damn it!!!!!
What the jets loss ?
Try spinning that should so the trick
Lamar fields that snap though lol
Literally my first thought seeing that unfortunate snap was Lamar/Skura. Didn't even give his team a chance to win with that awful snap. Sucks man.
Fuck the Texans and the Jets. Our season is literally on the brink Tuesday🤦🏾‍♂️
Lamar Jackson the cornerback gave up that game winner to Ruggs too
We did this to ourselves. Never let other teams control your fate. We lost several games that should’ve been ours. The only one you can really say wasn’t our fault was the monsoon patriots game.
"You know what will remedy that? If the team wins this Tuesday...Win out and let the cards fall where they may. 

The schedule is in our favor, the team knows what they need to do."
The Jets did two all-out blitzes in a row when they needed to prevent a hail mary. They literally threw the game lol
Ravens could go 11-5 and miss the playoffs
Today really hurt. But that’s what happens when you have to rely on others lol
"Next 2 weeks

Week 14:

Colts vs Raiders

Ravens Vs Browns

Titans vs Jax

Pats vs Rams

KC vs Miami

Week 15:

Jax vs Ravens 

Raiders vs Chargers

Colts vs Texans

NE vs Miami

Browns vs Giants"
If we win out I’d still be surprised if we missed out.
We need the Steelers to beat the browns and colts
I’ve said it for the past 3 weeks. You can’t sit there chalking up wins and counting on teams to win/lose to help you out. You just can’t. We got to win outright to be A contender. I don’t see that happening. And I just don’t see us getting to the playoffs. Far too much against this team.
"To be fair, the only upset was the Browns-Titans game."
"Just gunna have to go and do the damn thing themselves! Schedule is favorable and the teams ahead in the standings have harder matchups to finish the season than the Ravens. Plus, Colts and Raiders play each other"
This was not a good day for scoreboard watching but there is a way to have the Ravens go [10-6](http://espn.go.com/nfl/playoffs/machine/_/results/401220176~1~401220218~1~401220162~1~401220255~2~401220145~2~401220164~2~401220151~1~401220196~2~401220233~2~401220125~2~401220349~1~401220129~1~401220364~1~401220237~2~401220142~2~401220178~1~401220297~1~401220205~1~401220274~2~401220303~1~401220357~2~401220307~1~401220336~1~401220366~1~401220239~2~401220159~2~401220265~2~401220356~1~401220283~2~401220253~2~401220279~2~401220121~1~401220332~2~401220319~1~401220228~1~401220270~2~401220213~2~401220123~2~401220325~2~401220298~1~401220294~2~401220308~2~401220350~1~401220339~1~401220149~1~401220186~1~401220246~2~401220156~2~401220208~1~401220296~1~401220154~2~401220152~1~401220174~1~401220132~1~401220114~1~401220230~2~401220324~1~401220199~2~401220286~2~401220223~1~401220337~1~401220273~1~401220234~2~401220362~2~401220243~2~401220130~1~401220315~2~401220328~1~401220220~1~401220260~1~401220275~1~401220284~2~401220180~2~401220344~2~401220211~2~401220187~1) and make the playoffs. So I think the Ravens can take care of business and get in
"I’m gonna be pissed if we miss the playoffs, but it could be a good thing in the long run. We gotta get rid of Roman and make some major coaching changes (except wink cuz he’s great). Covid fucked our draft picks cuz Steve Saunders is an idiot. We’re def gonna get penalized hard cuz of that (we deserve it) so we need a coach who can actually develop the talent we do have, and who can call good plays that play to our strengths. 

With Roman out and a new OC, I think we could do a lot better next year. Even our practice squad was surprisingly good. What that showed was we need to re-evaluate who starts, cuz it’s obvious some want it more than others. That lack of focus was very clear this season. Assuming we’re not decimated by injuries, making those changes could make us a solid team next year."
[Only AFCN team to lose to the Tits](https://twitter.com/Brickwallblitz/status/1335719143748866056)
I like this position as a Baltimore fan. It’s served us well over the years. You want to be 14-2 again?
"It doesn't matter either way, if by some miracle we even make it to the play offs what realistic chance do you think we have?. This will be 7 straight years under head coach Harbaugh without a play off win. At some point People HAVE to catch on that he needs to go."
I can't believe how lucky our competition has been. Colts absolutely should have lost today and vs green bay a few weeks ago. Just astonishing. And good God the dolphins somehow keep winning 19-7
Jets don’t even have a win what’d we do to y’all besides lure away your overpriced free agents whose careers were over anyway? Lmao
Wait are there 7 playoff teams in each conference this year
We'll end up making it
"Steelers blown 10 point lead

Patriots monsoon when we get the ball in the 4th quarter

Top run defenders getting injured before facing Derick Henry

Titans blown lead

Entire team getting COVID

Luke Wilson dropped go ahead TD against the 11-0 Steelers

Every wild card potential team winning, two at the last second on lucky plays

**--> YOU ARE HERE**

Ravens finish 10-6, however Colts are 11-5, Browns 11-5 and dolphins 10-6.

Ravens miss the playoffs despite having a 10-6 record.

Ravens don't fire Greg Roman

????"
"Season is definitely not over but we have only one game left in our margin of error, so losing with four to go including a tricky one in Cleveland would be very bad."
"Really sick of all the pessimistic, crybaby fans and the lack of faith this year. This thread is full of negativity masquerading as realism and it's toxic as hell."
Andy Dalton bout to ball out against us
"You say this like those weren't also the likely outcomes lmao.

If anything we should feel lucky that both teams actually put up and had a shot at winning.Those just aren't good football teams each playing play-off contenders."
"Unpopular opinion at the time, and maybe still is, but the turning point was Steelers rd. 1 when Stanley went down. At the time he was our highest graded player and the offense hasn’t clicked consistently since he got carted off."
Get over it.  We aren't going to the playoffs.  Not happy but not the end of the world.  And I think that we saw the best of Lamar last year.  He won't be the Ravens QB in 5 years.  Sucks.
8-8 bois
"If we lose next week against the Shitstains, do you think that will mark the end of the Harbaugh era? 

Discuss."
No
Can we play this weeks game first?
We would probably have to miss the playoffs this year and next year before we even consider moving on from Harbaugh.
More quality content
"Nope. Greg Roman more than anyone if anything.

Edit: AZ flock here as well OP! Nice to see an Arizonan!"
No.
"Idk, I do feel like if they miss the playoffs or go one and down his seat has to be hot. Regardless of his skill as a coach it's gotta be some major improvements come post season"
"If we lose to Dallas, that’s the last straw for me. Roman’s gotta go"
Bernard Pollard is that you?
"We could lose all of our remaining games and Harbaugh will be safe for this year.  


I think its far more likely that Greg Roman is forced out of the organization. There were constant criticisms last year that he ran a gimmick offense. With a year of tape on his offense and a roster largely consisting of the same personnel we've seen his offense stall Opponents are well prepared to face the Ravens and Roman doesn't have what it takes to adapt.   


The Ravens have staked their future on Lamar Jackson. They only have a 2 more years to build a Super Bowl roster before they are going to have to pay him big money. Once that happens the likelihood of being able to afford a Super Bowl caliber roster drops dramatically. The reality of the situation is that the Ravens need to find someone to elevate Lamar to his best potential quickly. If Harbaugh makes the decision to retain Roman and we have another poor performance next season that is when I think you might see him actually be in the hot seat."
Here come the hot takes again
Calling it now. If Harbs is fired or when he leaves this team will be last in the division.
delete this shit jesus christ
Mods. Get this off of here
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Couldn’t have scripted it any better NFL
"Anybody that uses technology notice that what is considered live isn't always live?

Like seriously people think a massive organization has some type of conspiracy to script games, the ability to keep the multitude of people quiet and in line while simultaneously dumb enough to post the score early...."
Red zone is almost always minutes behind. That’s how they edit the games together so well. They find which games have the big plays. Kind of like how most live games will show you clips of a big play that happened in another game when there’s a dead ball. That play could’ve happened 5+ minutes ago. So it’s not scripted
Stop.the.count
[deleted]
""
#FTT
"
They almost went to OT with the Steelers..."
I remember Baltimore giving up an eleven point second half lead and taking a dump on the field after getting the ball first in overtime.
""
"I mean, the only shocker was the Titans losing 🤷‍♀️"
Fun fact: I made this exact post [2 years ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/a7765t/when_the_patriots_cowboys_and_giants_all_manage/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) when our playoff hopes were looking bleak. Just a reminder to keep up the fight.
We might have to look into a black beak logo
As the Ravens always do... nothing ever handed to them! New season starts Tuesday!
Jets remembered that they were supposed to tank the game at the last moment. Or gase wanted to try out some special defense moves.
We should have BEEN DOING IT FOR OURSELVES
""
Titans were the favorite they were not an inferior opponent give the dude props he played a great game today
"I hate the Browns, but Baker did his job. Something we should have done against Titans."
WTF when did the titans become inferior? Lol
We can’t make fun of the browns anymore guys at this point it’s just for morality. We just look like  clowns at this point. We just got to face the reality that we’re officially the 3rd best team in the North
Although tbf the Titans are a good team and may not fall under “inferior opponent”
"To give them credit they played well today, beat the titans like we should have"
Delete this nephew
It’s all lining up as planned
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k82uy4)"
Hello it’s me John Harbaugh
""
As long as we win our games... that sounds tough
This is when we really need Lamar and others to elevate their play
It’d be nice if we could catch one fucking break. The raiders beating the Jets on that last play is just a massive kick in the dick. Yes; the ravens are where they are largely because of poor play. But this season has been an endless parade of bad luck.
"I’ll probably get downvoted, but do we deserve to be in the playoffs? That being said, making the tournament isn’t about deserving it, it’s about winning when you need to. Ravens need to win out."
This is the Ravens time to stunt on dem hoes. The schedule is the easy part based on the record of the opponents. They just play with the effort like the last Pittsburgh game they can be dangerous
Hopefully
"Just win, that’s it."
TRUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
"Unfortunately, over the last several weeks, the browns have become this year’s team that no one wants to face in December."
Who do we want to win in Raiders vs Colts next week?
"

>We will be fine as long as we win our games.

As it should be"
10-6 with tiebreaker over Browns gets us into the dance (barring MIA/LV upsets) and leaves us room to choke one away against the Giants or Bungles.
"We're sitting a 6-5  and third in the division? GOOD!

all the teams the could help us out with a win end up losing? GOOD!

We're going to get healthy and heat up down the stretch and then anything can happen in the playoffs"
"We are 6 and 5, we can't beat the teams we're supposed to, we lose to bad teams , we lose to good teams. We haven't won a play off game in 6 years. We have good players that are coached poorly. This year will make 7 straight years without a play off win. This is what you can continue to expect with John Harbaugh as our coach"
[deleted]
""
Mugs gotta have a code.
"##SCAM

This is a scammer. Do not buy from any links in comments or messages. You will get ripped off!"
""
Great shit meme for a dying and hopeless time to be a ravens fan. Made me chuckle
Reminds me of that big head cheat in nfl blitz
""
His voice is Amazing
""
"Yep, went by there on Friday. It opens up next Monday the day of the Browns game."
[removed]
[deleted]
Better than all but 4 teams. Just saying.
"Steelers blown 10 point lead

Patriots monsoon when we get the ball in the 4th quarter

Top run defenders getting injured before facing Derick Henry

Titans blown lead

Entire team getting COVID

Luke Wilson dropped go ahead TD against the 11-0 Steelers

Every wild card potential team winning, two at the last second on lucky plays

**--> YOU ARE HERE**

Ravens finish 10-6, however Colts are 11-5, Browns 11-5 and dolphins 10-6.

Ravens miss the playoffs despite having a 10-6 record.

Ravens don't fire Greg Roman

????

&#x200B;

It's just the luck we're having this season."
Need to close the games out better. Defense starts to look soft as hell in the end. That AJ Brown TD will forever piss me off.
"It shows that Gregs offense isnt the problem afterall, the issue is that Lamar hasnt been as confident this season and defense is a mess."
Point differential is the stupidest thing to judge a team by
"• Ravens win out from here and get the 7 seed.
• Steelers drop 2 games to get the 2nd seed. 

First week of the playoffs the Ravens return to Pittsburgh to take on the Steelers. This time we are healthy, on a roll and feeling ourselves.
Steelers get the ball to start and drive down the field for a FG.
Ravens first drive and Lamar's first pass is a pick 6 to fall behind 10-0. On the road. To a hated division rival.
The Steelers are strutting, fans dancing in the stadium and all the Lamar bashers are out in force on Twitter. ""He's only an RB"" ""Can't win big games"". 
All the usual BS.

BUT THEN, on the next drive Lamar has 3 completions of 20+ yards including a 30 yard TD to Mandrews and the Ravens put up 40 unanswered points, including 2 defensive scores.
Lamar is pulled in the 4th qtr and McSorley takes over to run out the clock while Lamar watches on from the bench wearing his hater-blocking shades.

Final score:
BAL 41
PIT 10

BIG TRUSS!!!!

Extra points: the Browns flame out from here and miss the playoffs for the 20th time in the last 21 years.

Ps. Posting on mobile so apologies if formatting is garbage."
"Would this sub rather the Steelers or Chiefs get a bye? On one hand, FTS. On the other hand, I like our chances against the Steelers off a bye much more than the Chiefs..."
Yes and then we play the Chiefs in the second round and get dunked on.
Browns are virtual locks for the playoffs.
""
We have no one to blame but ourselves. We put ourselves in that situation. There’s only one way out to win all remaining games.
We never get help.
"Finally healthy? Eh, idk about that."
So we can lose in the first round?
"Jets: hoes

Texans: also hoes

Titans: still hoes

Bengals: kind of hoes


Looks like well just have to win out"
literally every team we needed to lose won lmao
[deleted]
"If our dlinemen come back then I’d go Queen. If not, Humphrey will own Cooper probably"
"I would say Dallas will run more than pass with Zeke.

I would assume the safer choice would be Queen."
"You guys pay attention to his route on that play???? It was fucking sick, AB like manipulation/stop-start ability shown. Then the nice catch on the back end. There is definitely something there, we need to execute more of it. Open up his route tree, or include more option patterns into this system, he definitely has elite footwork. Of course his release is below average, but he shouldn’t be lining him up at the X to begin with which is a schematic error on our OC’s part."
"Yea its obvious Hollywood is not a 1, especially on a run heavy team like ours. But getting a legitimate 1 would open up his opportunities a lot more. On top of everything, remember last year he was coming off surgery. He didn't train much. This year with Covid, same issue. Him and Lamar just really haven't had much chances to develop the chemistry they need. Lamar and Marc's chemistry is obvious and natural. Him and Hollywood need work, and that's okay.

Lamar's biggest flaw right now is that he gets compared to Mahomes. Mahomes is awesome, but don't forget KC was already equipping and loading up to be a contender. 

Lamar in very very very short time took a mediocre team and made them relevant beyond means. If Mahomes wasn't in the league, Lamar's trajectory would be looked at much more positively."
That throw was beautiful.  Show that to someone who says Lamar can't throw the football.
"I definitely think the biggest problem with Hollywood is how he's being used. Roman seems to only really view him as a deep threat and while he can certainly do that, it's not the best way to play him; if you watch his college film, most of his big plays were using his speed to take quick slants for big gains. Not having him do this for us is particularly baffling to me because working the intermediate middle is also Lamar's strength as a passer."
That wasn't a route so much as improvisation after the primary wasn't there. His route was a basic curl and Lamar was looking the other way. When Lamar started to scramble Hollywood took off. Was a great read and catch as well as throw. I do agree with other poster that he is soft like strawberry cream cheese and needs to play harder generally.
"I was more impressed with Lamar’s throw than the route. He threw a dime off his back foot, across his body. Most of the time, that doesn’t go as planned. 

Route was nice though, but I don’t think it was designed to be that way."
Hollywood def has value but imo we need someone bigger as WR1. Hollywood is fast tho so he can be useful. Kinda useless if he can’t get open tho
Hollywood is a weenie who has no interest in YAC. Complete bust of a pick.
"Give him some slack, he arrived in the middle of the season, plays in a more complicated Defense and isn’t a one man wrecking army like Aaron Donald. In Sacksonville he played along Calais, Marcel dareus and Malik Jackson, he’s a player that will produce when we have some opposite of him. We haven’t really had that since Judon has missed games and Calais clearly wasn’t 100% against Dallas and has also missed games before. I’m just saying, the guy will start to perform soon enough and it was a great trade to get someone like him in the middle of the season on a cheap contract and with only a midround draft pick."
"Yeah, I’m not in the “he hasn’t done anything” camp. He’s not piling up sacks but it’s not that simple; Yan has more QB hurries and sacks than Judon, despite rarely being sent on blitz and playing for 2 different teams. He can consistently create pressure 1v1 unlike Judon, which is valuable. 

Whether it’s $20+ mil a year valuable to us, idk. His pressure pretty much only comes from a wide alignment, where PFF gives him like 80+, but everywhere else he’s just average. Run defense isn’t his thing either. 

So, is a guy who is very good (not quite elite) at his specific role worth that money? EDC will have to decide, because there are cheaper options next offseason."
Damn are people actually shitting on him when he's only been here for what 5/6 games.
"He isn't getting the snap count he did in Jacksonville or Minnesota. When he's played, he's had good presence. Give it time. He will be just fine, and should be extended. We run a very rotation heavy offense AND defense. 

[2020 Ravens snap count](https://subscribers.footballguys.com/teams/teampage-rav-6.php)

[2020 Viking snap count](https://subscribers.footballguys.com/teams/teampage-min-6.php)

[2019 Jaguars snap count](https://subscribers.footballguys.com/teams/teampage-jax-6.php)"
"When our defense was near full strength, you could see the pressure that he put on the quarterback. With Williams, Judon, and Campbell out, he wasn't able to do much. I expect to see more from him as we get healthy again. He juuuuust missed a strip sack of Dalton in the Cowboys game."
He has been so close to making game changing plays that 1 has got to happen soon.  I think as a fan base we are a little spoiled from trading for Marcus Peters last year and getting a pick six the very next game
"Yannick Ngakoue 2019 stats: 41 combined tackles (36 solo, 5 assisted), 14 TFL. 8 sacks, 4 forced fumbles, 1 fumble recovery. 1 INT (returned for a touchdown), 6 pass deflections. 15 games played.


Dude fucks."
He's been the only bright spot on our line through all these injuries. So many times he's hustled down the field after someone or made a play away from his position. He's going to get good. Defense just needs to get the ball rolling on sacks.
"I don't know how anyone could be ragging on him. Besides all the points you mentioned, he looks pretty damn good right now. He's going to make a huge play in Cleveland. I can feel it."
"I have yet to see someone stop Yannick off the edge with that speed rush. It doesn't always get there, but man his jump is crazy fast."
"In the 6 games we've played with ngakoue, the Ravens have played 3 offenses that tried to get the ball out as quickly as possible (steelers x2, cowboys), two run heavy teams (Patriots, titans), and the Colts. Not many good opportunities imo. And he still wrecked the first half of the titans game."
"Just watch the games...the dude gets off the ball quick, he will get his."
He generates more pressure than Judon still lol
"I knew this would happen. I remember after the trade I questioned whether or not he'd be able to make an immediate impact. Everyone thought he'd just roll right over here and lead the league in sacks.     

He came over, our D-line got wrecked with injuries, then the team got COVID, and that's only like 5 weeks under his belt. I think he's playing pretty well. He got some decent penetration in the last two games, and came really close to a strip sack a few times against Dallas. He's just not getting the numbers to show. And I know he's everyone's favorite punching bag, but missing Judon the past few weeks doesn't help his cause. Neither does missing Campbell or Brandon Williams for the games they were out."
He's usually the focus of the offensive line as well at this point which is why Wolfe and the other side linebacker are suddenly effective again. Lets not mention any names but..... judon.
"Is there a place to compare our DB grades this year to last year, or sacksonville's year? I feel like Marlo and Peters are letting guys get open to force fumbles, and giving our D line less of a chance to get home."
"I said this in the game thread so if you've seen this comment already, forgive 


I think it's on coaching. Yannick's go to move is fake outside and then chop, rush inside. I don't remember seeing him attempting to do that many times. They probably have been telling him to keep outside contain."
""
This was such a ballsy move to do on a 9-4 team.
What better time to take out the Romanator
"Wow, I had forgotten how late in the season it was. Firing for GRo coming in....ah, nevermind."
History needs to repeat.
Unfortunately Roman just got done calling a decent game against a very bad team so I doubt it's coming again until it's too late
"I can't get on board with the people saying fire Greg Roman mid-season. I'm all for it in the offseason, but it just doesn't seem as dire as it did with Cam Cameron."
"2012 was a rollercoaster of a season. Ray Lewis and Webb both getting injured in the same game. Being 9 and 2 at Thanksgiving. Faceplanting into a 4th seed playoff spot at 10 and 6 after losing four of the last five games. Firing Cam Cameron. Ray coming back from injury with essentially a Winter Soldier armbrace. Announcing his retirement, and then winning it all in the postseason.

Take me back, I wanna go again."
"As a Dolphins fan from Maryland, I too enjoyed this"
I triple dog dare you to do it again
What’s crazy to me is how Jim Caldwell used Cams exact playbook and we became offensively illuminated.
"Right after we lost to WAS. And to be clear, that was Bisciotti's pressure on Harbaugh that did that. Harbaugh had been fighting off calls for Cam's firing for forever."
"Who else saw this, for a split second thought it was Greg Roman who was fired, and got excited?  Only to be crushed"
It was real classy that they gave him a ring
Anybody know if we wound up giving Cameron a super bowl ring that year?  I was always curious.
Wasted Anquan for too long.
i was 5 years old 8 years ago. i definitely dont remember
Now we really need to get rid of Greg Roman🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️ I said what I said
Freaking camball
"Would replacing GRo with James Urban be an option? Similar move as this one. 

Although I don’t like firing a *decent* OC mid season."
Seems like yesterday
Let’s get our Jim Caldwell in place and run the table all the way thru February ! Go birds!
I went to LSU and had to put up with him for two more years after this
I was so happy
"I really hope they pull a similar move this offseason. Unless Roman reinvents this offense and the team wins a playoff game or two, Ravens need to ignore their record and get someone who can get the most out of Lamar and the positives on the offense. Oh and Decosta, get another decent receiver."
Such a happy day
"This move ruined the chances of Harbs getting another Coryell type OC.   None of that club were willing to interview here after this firing.  That was the system that won us a Superbowl in '12.  But that decision has reduced our potential pool of OC candidates ever since.    While we won one Superbowl, there's a bit of a bitter aftertaste in how this hurt us as a franchise"
"All I remember was flacco throwing the ball 60 times (literally) a game, and thinking wow this isn’t working, and then us doing it the next game loll"
"Yeah, that's a no. Harbs fired no one"
"Not a fan of relishing in downfall of others.

But whatever floats your boat"
"i bet he hated joe flacco lol. I cant imagine cam telling joe to throw dump offs all game because ""its ok to punt"" - flacco."
"He definitely deserved to get replaced at the time but looking back, outside of 2014 with Kubiak, Flacco had his most productive years with Cam as his coordinator."
""
Interesting section regarding Brown. I must have missed the play he decided to go out of bounds rather than try to turn upfield. This is my biggest gripe with this player; he refuses to fight for yards or show any type aggression. He’s scared to get tackled and expects every ball to miraculous land in his hands.
"The Ravens technically have 2 Walter Payton Man of The Year Award Nominees, Bradley Bozeman and Pierre Desir (Jets Nominee)"
And we have a winner on active roster
"That's really cool actually!

Semi related question. What's everyone's thoughts on Pierre Desir? Is he good enough to be a good slot corner or is he just like a depth guy? 

I genuinely dont know enough about him, but saw he suited up for us against the cowboys."
didn't calais campbell win it last year?
"If you’re a chill Browns fan who doesn’t subscribe to the pity party mentality of these Browns fans, then you’re cool with me. 

• The team we got from you guys was awful. The roster had to be completely redone, so much so that by the time we made the Super Bowl in 2000 only 3 original Browns were on there. 

• You got your team and history back in 3 years, while all of Baltimore’s history belongs to Indy. 

• Baltimore had to wait 12 years and was told to fuck off and build a museum multiple times 

• it’s not our fault that your team doesn’t know how to draft. Yeah we got two first round picks in 1996, but you guys have had unlimited top 10 picks in 20+ years and one 1 and done playoff appearance to show for it. 

I’ll end it by saying, it’d be a lot easier to see the Browns as lovable losers like the Cubs were, if the fans would give up the victim mentality and stop acting like Baltimore raped the city of Cleveland. 

Art Modell wanted to leave and if it wasn’t Baltimore it would have been somewhere else. Did you really expect us to say no after no NFL for 12 years? you guys knew almost immediately your team was coming back. We were left in the middle of the night and gone just like that."
Any Browns fan that needs this information spoon fed to them in 2020 is just an idiot. Build a bridge people.
"> Baltimore had to wait 12 years and was told to fuck off and build a museum multiple times 

This is the biggest one to me. We tried to play by the rules. We sat and waited over a decade until the expansion draft. We put our proposal together, got a well-funded group headed by future Bucs owner Malcolm Glazer, had a stadium ready to go that we proved we could fill courtesy of USFL games and NFL exhibition games, had the league and Irsay both agree to give us heightened consideration in the expansion, which was part of the deal we made to drop the lawsuit over the Colts history and colors.

The result? We got passed over for a third team in Florida. Owners voted 27-1 against us, and the one who voted for us wasn't the guy who agreed to do so in court, it was Eagles then-owner Norman Braman. It came out that Tagliabue had personally lobbied for Jacksonville, in spite of the fact that the Jags had struggled to get funding together for their bid, and when asked why he passed over Baltimore, Tagliabue said Baltimore wasn't a football town and should replace the stadium with a museum. The league straight-up did not want us to have a team, that's not conjecture, it's what the commissioner basically admitted.

Like what were we supposed to do? Just roll over and die, accept that football was dead in Baltimore? What would Browns fans have done if they had been told to wait until the next NFL expansion, waited 12 years only to have the league actively push to deny their so they could put a team in San Antonio, and then were told by Goodell that Cleveland isn't a football town and should just give up? Would that be the end of Cleveland football, or would they push to try and be the destination the next time an owner decided to move now that the league made it clear that was their only option?

I get it, Browns fans were upset about losing their team. I 100% get that, and by extension I get the hate for Modell. I don't like it, but I get it. But what were we supposed to do, give up? We tried doing it the fair, legitimate, clean way, and the league actively stacked the deck against us and told us to go fuck off. The move was happening, if it wasn't us, it would've been Nashville or St. Louis, so we did what we had to do."
"Four points to add to this:

\-Didn't the Rams also leave Cleveland for LA?  If so, shouldn't they also be butt hurt over this too? 

\-I loved Ted Marchibroda, but it would have been kind of nice to keep that Bill Belichick guy around to see if he could coach. 

\-All lovable loser fan bases turn to toxic assholes the moment their team wins something.  See:  Boston Red Sox.  

\-Art Modell also gave fair warning that the team couldn't financially compete/survive in the new free agency era with their current stadium situation.  Cleveland didn't listen."
Why are you maggots even in this sub man. Just go away.
[deleted]
"IMHO, most of that is irrelevant.  What is relevant is that is the ONLY way we could get a team.  You got a team in record time (and kept your history).

Also the city wasn't giving him a new stadium.  They just built a new stadium for the baseball team and told Modell to deal.  They didn't even want to put money into a revamp."
"As a younger Browns fan, I don't overemphasize this like older Browns fans do, but I think you have something wrong in this post. Browns fans don't say it was Baltimore that caused it. I don't think I have ever heard blame put on the city or people from Baltimore. The blame is always on Art for not knowing how to run a stadium and deal with city politics. The Tribe used to play in the same stadium and Art continually threatened the city of Cleveland to move the team to one of the suburbs for years and take the revenue with him. He left because the city of Cleveland wouldn't pay for a new stadium and because he was going to lose money without the Indians bringing revenue in as tenants for the Browns. 


Putting salt in the wound for Art's legacy: 
When the ""Believeland"" ESPN 30 for 30 came out, Art's son was on it and said ""it isn't like we moved football out of Cleveland...we just put it on pause."" That reignited the fire for most Browns fans against Art recently because you have to admit that was a dumb thing to say when the city had to sue Art for the team's history....again not the fault of the Browns or us fans, we just wanted the Browns to remain the Browns.

As for the team being trash, I mean sure it wasn't like they were the Chiefs right now, but before 1995 they did go 11-5 in 1994. You can't say they were the bottom of the barrel in the NFL. I won't speak on the Browns' recent and current incompetence, because that's self-explanatory. 

The gripes that Baltimore has are with the NFL and not the Browns. And without the Colts and Baltimore situation, the Browns probably wouldn't have been able to sue Art and keep the Browns history books in Cleveland."
"Agreed browns fans have overdone it, especially with regards to Art Modell’s legacy. Keeping him out of the HOF was petty, self-destructive shit. 

We also inherited an organization crafted by Bill Belichick. Without BB, no Ozzie, and no 2000 SB."
"I was barely born and this preceded my NFL fandom, but that’s why I’m kind of happy for the Browns having a good team for once. Ozzie did start off with the Browns. Who knows what he could’ve did had the franchise stayed in Cleveland. If anything, it reflects badly on the North American  franchise model. 

Browns as a laughing stock didn’t exist until after their re-activation. Don’t mind a competitive AFC North."
oh boy... *sorts by controversial*
"I’m not a lurking Browns fan so let’s get that straight RIGHT NOW. I was kicked out of their sub because the fan base is full of pussies. That being said. Fuck the Ravens. 

Ravens fans, City of Baltimore, current ownership and Ozzie Newsome I have nothing but respect for. I also fuck with this sub heavy. 

For Browns fans all it should ever really come down to is FUCK ART MODELL. That’s it. Nothing more to say."
Ravens are the Browns 2.0. How mad? Lol.
Fuck Art Modell
[removed]
""
"[According to the man himself, he’s still got another gear 👀](https://twitter.com/jkdobbins22/status/1337064082785112066?s=21)"
"I'm hoping the staff realizes he's our #1 back.

Love all of our guys, even Justice Hill, but we need to feed this guy."
To win against the browns we have to go ALL IN on Jk and Gus being the 2 main backs
i hope we get too see that next gear
How does that speed compare to other RBs in the league?
"He’s the centerpiece of our offense. To set up Lamar throws and 5-7 up the middle runs per game when players are covered. Goal should be Lamar averages around 12 yards per carry. Yards per game is a horrible metric for LJ, but great for JK."
Anyone have the clip of when he hit that speed?
Thank god we have a lot of depth at RB. We won’t have to work Dobbins to death and get much more longevity from him
""
"I think “get back on track” is a little bit of an oversell. 

We looked better, but this was a bad team we faced. We punished them well with the run, which was exactly what we needed to do. That’s certainly a positive. 

However, they moved the ball quite well on us. Especially through the air. That’s quite concerning. I know we weren’t at full strength, but it’s still a worry going into Monday. 

Let’s hope a good week of practice can get things back on track. 

Monday will be a very tough game. Divisional games always are, but this Browns team isn’t the week 1 Browns. When they find ways to click, they are quite dangerous."
""
You guys are going to win.
"Seriously. We don’t lurk in the Colts sub, or the Washington Wizards sub, or the Yankees sub, or the Montreal Alouettes sub."
"I was playing around with this [fivethirtyeight predictor](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2020-nfl-predictions/?ex_cid=rrpromo) to see who we're rooting for ahead of Monday's game. Here are a few scenarios with 4 games left to play.

**IF WE LOSE MONDAY ALL IS NOT LOST - we can absolutely back into the 7-seed at 10-6 but we'd need at least one loss by NE, at least 2 by LV and at least 3 by MIA.**

If the Ravens beat the Browns Monday, Cleveland would have to beat PIT to be a playoff lock. If they drop the BAL and PIT games and finish 11-5, they could be on the losing end of tie-breakers and be out of the playoffs entirely.

If there is a six-way tie in the AFC at 11-5 (BAL, CLE, IND, LV, MIA, BUF), it's CLE and IND that will miss the 7th seed on tiebreakers, but if you take LV out of the picture, the Browns can claim the 7-seed.

On to the games:

  
**Thursday Night:** 

**NE @ LAR**. This one is easy - there's no downside to the Rams knocking the Pats out of the hunt this week, except the possibility that they begin to tank and don't come to play next week against the Dolphins. Rams are currently 4-point favorites. *Go Rams*!

Sunday early games:

**KC @ MIA** \- another no-brainer. Want a first round rematch against the paper-tiger Steelers? We need the Chiefs to win out and get some help from a Steelers loss to claim the 1-seed. If both teams win the next 4, PIT holds the tiebreaker with no conference losses, while KC has 1. More importantly, the Dolphins are a threat and at 8.5 point favorites, the Chiefs are the most likely team to hand them a loss in final quarter-season. The Fins are also facing New England and Buffalo at home and the Raiders on the road. *Go Chiefs!*

TEN @ JAX - This one is harder because FUCK the Titans, but if Ravens run the table and finish with an 11-5 record, there are still nightmare scenarios - most of which involve divisional upsets in the East and South. At 11-5 we'll lose tiebreakers against the Raiders, Dolphins, Titans and Bills. If the Colts manage to jump into 1st place in the South, we could be toast, even at 11-5. Titans and Colts have split their H2H games, so the division title comes down to divisional games. Both teams play JAX and HOU down the stretch, so  

go T🤢 🤢. hur. Go Tit 🤢 🤢. Hoo boy. *Go Titans?*  🤮 🤮🤮. I need a shower.

Sunday 4pm games:

IND @ LV

We're not going to know how we wanted this one to go until the final 3 games get played, but one delicious/terrible scenario that's not altogether unlikely) assumes we beat CLE this week and they notch two more road wins against the Jets and Giants. IF so:

If the Ravens, Colts and Titans all win out, OR if the Colts lose 2 and the Dolphins and Raiders both finish 11-5 , CLE can still kill us with a Week 17 win over the Steelers or completely miss out on the playoffs with a loss. 

I'm pulling for the Colts this week. If they win, the Raiders have 6 losses and are probably out of the hunt. If CLE holds the 5 seed at 12-4, then we can afford to tie at 11-5 with the Raiders or the Dolphins, but not both. If Cleveland falls down to 11-5 with us, then we could finish in the 6th or 7th seed behind the Raiders or the Dolphins or both.

Then again, if the Colts win all 4, we'd need the Dolphins to collapse, even if we win out. So it's kind of a monkey's paw. *Go Colts?* I guess?

Sunday Night: Go Buffalo - FTS.

Edit: Grammar"
"Realistically we should be rooting for the Steelers because Miami could overtake Buffalo, and then we could be competing with Buffalo for the wildcard.

Bearing that in mind, I will not be rooting for the Steelers."
"We need to cheer for the Chiefs, the Dolphins win a tiebreaker over us and could knock us out of the playoffs."
"I came here to post something similar. Before I started playing around with the fivethirtyeight tool (which is fantastic, btw) I assumed that if we just won 3/4 we would make the playoffs at 10-6 with three wildcard teams. However, that is unlikely. It's more probable that we will need 11 wins, even with the extra playoff spot. According to the tool, if we lose to Cleveland, our playoff chances go to 32% This game is huge."
"Buffalo has to win. If they win, first seed goes to the Chiefs, and the Dolphins will have to fight for a wild card spot. If the Dolphins win the division, I don’t think we’ll rank higher than the Bills"
"Just wanted to say thanks for posting this. Here is hoping you continue for the next couple weeks.

Cheers amigo!"
"There's no if, there is only when. 

Believe in this team, they gonna mash the Brownies."
""
"False positives are a real problem with the rapid tests. NFL needs to reconsider their protocol, this cannot be happening come playoff time."
"all you people saying he's a clown and shit like you wouldnt be annoyed too

i'd be mad if i got a false positive too... have to be put into that mindset for a couple days and preparing for that shit just for the test to have been wrong let alone the fact it pulled him from the game and potentially affecting his whole career moving forward

he's *not* mad at the negative. he's mad about the tests being wrong and fucking his shit up over it, completely out of his control entirely"
What did Jerry pull some strings to prevent Dez playing?
I feel like we are being fucked with y'all
They can't break the squad up forever!
Really sucks that Dez missed out on the game I'm sure he was most excited to play. Hopefully he forget about it with a good game against the browns
"My understanding is that there are two types of COVID test: 

- Antigen test (aka ""Rapid test"") - This is very fast but tends to have false negatives. 

- PCR test - This is not fast, has virtually no false negatives but can sometimes have false positives.

When you don't say which test you took, it can make things very confusing very quickly. See [Elon Musk's case for a deep dive](https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2020/11/13/elon-musk-covid-test-bogus/)

Edit: [Further the best use of antigen tests is not to clear someone as healthy, but to quickly detect super spreader events.](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/jun/01/k-number-what-is-coronavirus-metric-crucial-lockdown-eases) For example, say someone gets COVID and was recently at a wedding with 50 people. You give that antigen test to everyone you can find from the wedding, if a few test positive you can safely bet that the wedding was a super spreader event and that everyone there should quarantine and get a PCR test. But that level of subtlety is simply too much for us in the US right now b/c we live in the dumbest timeline."
"I know emotionally he worked himself up for that game, just to get pulled last minute. I understand his reaction early on because of that....now this?"
Wtf is going on
So was it a punishment handed down from the league?
Sat out for no reason.
"So in the last week and a half, the league and NFLPA forced us to play a game where we could dress 36 players and one where the team wanted to forfeit but wasn’t allowed to. They then give Dez a rapid test that seems to have been a false positive, announce to the world he has COVID twenty minutes before the game, and say that it’s safe to go on. Is there any possible way they could have handled this worse? I know it was a false alarm and I’d prefer a guy sit out unnecessarily than playing with the virus, but this is only going to give more fuel to the people who think that the pandemic is overblown"
Poor guy. Was looking forward to this. Shining on national TV against his former team. Hopefully he can play against the Browns!
Yup certified grade A BULLSHIT
I knew it!!! Why couldn’t he get another test after the first came back as positive?
That’s fine. We’ll need him against the Browns.
"People need to remember that the kind of tests that the average person is going to have readily available access to (and apparently what the NFL uses) can show that you in fact have it through a positive test, but do not do a great job of ruling out that you don't have it. The results don't go positive/negative/inconclusive, they basically lump negative and inconclusive one category -- negative. So the kind of test that you're going to get like this that's administered in mass quantities may be a good tool for figuring out who needs to be quarantined immediately, but its not effective as a way to guarantee that you can do whatever you want with whoever you unmasked and unprotected. 

If you do three tests in a short period of time and one is positive, you can be pretty assured that you have it, and need to quarantine for some time."
"People are talking about how shitty it is he got pulled out of the game, but all I see is that Dez is gonna probably be able to play this upcoming game"
Damn dawg I'm so mad for him rn. I understand the protocol though.. so shitty
"I’m pretty sure he tested negative earlier in the day on Tuesday; before he got the pregame positive test. This sounds like 3 negative tests and 1 positive test sandwiched in there in the span of 3 days. Either way we won the game and it’s always better to play it safe for the sake of the other players on the field, so as a fan I cannot be too upset. Definitely feel bad for Dez tho."
"I was sad for him before, now I'm REALLY sad for him. I know he was so excited to play and I'm sure we had plans for him because they knew he would do everything he could to ball out. Who knows what this game could have been for us and for him. This really sucks."
This may be surprising but even with a 2% false positive rate (can be even higher for antibody test) it can mean that 50-60% of the people who test positive are actually negative. Bayes theorem is a crazy bitch.
What does that mean? Is he not going on the Reserve COVID list then? I hope that is true because he can suit up against Cleveland and play angry.
"its understandable why dez would be pissed off  on gameday, and this is the source"
Poor guy
Something told me the sudden positive test was horseshit. This pretty much confirms that strings were pulled to prevent him from playing against Dallas. I honestly wouldn’t be mad at Dez if he doesn’t come back cuz bullshit shenanigans like this is why I sometimes hate the NFL.
Tone deaf as hell.  I'm sure hundreds of thousands would love that negative test.
What a fucking  🤡🤡
""
"He’s got a good point. Why place much faith in negative tests when they’ll still pull you right at game time with another one.

If I was him I would be putting much stock in them either"
Was his game day test a false positive?
Does this mean we can possibly see Dez playing against the clowns?
I’m actually really suspicious af about it all. The vegas line for dez even having a mediocre game was crazy good.
"I think it's important to note that you *want* false positives.  The more sensitive the test is, the less likely there are to be false negatives and the more likely there are to be false positives (relatively).  

Imagine if it was the other way around.  Imagine he was COVID positive, but the test didn't catch it."
"Let's be rational here.

They should have stopped the game after this ""false-positive.""  because if they treated it like a true positive, it should have been contained. 

The NFL knew that they had followed all COVID-19 protocols yesterday, because they might have KNOWN it was a false-positive 

I wouldn't be happy if I were him either."
Does he get an active roster paycheck for this past game since he was upgraded to the active roster?
[removed]
[removed]
""
Now I’m hungry for Keebler cookies.
""
"lmao thats so bad optically

for sure, you gotta acknowledge he did some great things for charity and i def commend him... but calling him ""the man of the year"" after almost murdering a guy on live tv last year.. prolly not the move bro"
"To be fair, I like Myles the person, don't care for him as a browns player but he has a reputation pre-helmet massacre that says he was a pretty good dude off the field."
Shows you how shitty the rest of their organization is if that's the best that they can come up with.
I’m not saying anyone was in the right but I stand by my belief that Mason Rudolph said something totally and utterly offensive out on that field that day.
Myles Garrett still being in the NFL shows how little the NFL cares about safety.
C'mon you really think getting into a fight prevents Myles from growing as a person and helping communities?
Battered/Battery. Not assault.
""
It’s all coming together as planned
time to feed the snead
Good. Hope the browns get ass blasted on monday
Good to have the WR1 back.
The past 2 weeks have felt like the end of Avengers Endgame when all of the heroes are being brought back to life to fight the final battle
"Good time for us to be healthy and clicking

Not to mention the latent benefit that *all our best players are now immune to COVID*, aka can't get COVID during the playoffs. I feel like that's a big deal."
Wr 1
I feel the need...the need...for Snead
**LFG!!**
I just hope they treat this game as a must-win. Need everyone to be on their A-Game from the first snap. It would be such a relief going into Sundays game vs the Jags at 8-5 and not having to worry too much about the other games around the league.
Yessss
WR1
https://i.imgur.com/GIx5i0C.gif
Anyone know if there an update on Andrews?
Monday night is a playoff game
Excellent news
""
"Damn, he got a haircut?"
Is that Tim Williams?
tHrOw iT oN A DiMe 🎶
Is EA sports responsible for this?
Something looks off
This is the hardest game of “spot the difference” I’ve ever played
Always knew trace was black now its confirmed.
facial hair looks different
I don't think this is the kid from Briar Wood
Not sure who that is but I am sure he’s better than the actual Trace McSorley
"I am putting together a mock draft based on your votes and I need your picks.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kam9e6)"
"Guard for sure.

The reason this is the clear cut answer over WR is that you just can’t trust this franchise to develop WR talent."
"My gut tells me we should revamp our O-line completely. We can have great TEs and WRs, but if Lamar doesn't have time, or has to constantly worry about getting drilled, he won't be able to make use of those guys. 

But really, just take the best guy available, or move up for the one you really want if he's BPA at the pick."
I think Oline is the way to go. Yanda was a massive loss and I think we need to consider upgrading at that position. We always manage to make the best out of defensive players so taking them later on isn’t a big deal. I don’t think we should draft a WR with the first pick... it doesn’t typically work out for us.
"Gotta go with the line. We have receivers who should be churning out numbers in a better protected and schemed offense. Good LBs will be available in the later rounds and with what we have now, it’s not a position of need barring a hold out."
This team is going to do some creative restructuring to get offensive pieces for Lamar in free agency you can't do that for offensive linemen
Ain’t no way we drafting a WR in the first round.
Invest in OL and if we see a versatile TE mid round then take a shot at em
"The cowboys were not a spectacular team but they had the best O-line in the league for many years with Tyron Smith, Travis Frederick, and I forget  the other guys. They were incredible. They used quite a few high picks on their line IIRC."
"Don’t draft a WR. If we’re gonna get a WR, it should be a bigger WR who’s more experienced. Everyone knows we can’t develop WRs. We gotta work on filling the Yanda hole and improve the OL."
Trade a 5th for Ja'Marr the Star Chase
i think we should go to free agency to get a receiver
Is that TE from Florida going to be a high pick? Bc if he falls we should think about getting him and brining back our 3 TE sets
""
yeah fuck the browns
"I see thanos, I upvote !"
"I love this post. Yes - can't wait til Monday. Been a challenging year for the Ravens, but I would love nothing more than Lamar to deliver his best pass game... And our run defense has their best game yet. Browns already think they are better than us. Time for normal transmission to return."
"To be honest, I find it hard to *hate* the Browns.  I want us to kick their rear-ends twice a year (Or three times a year if we ever play each other in the playoffs, which has never happened to date), of course, and finish ahead of them in their standings, I just don't hate them like I hate the Steelers, the Indy franchise, and the Washington franchise, or the way I (probably just temporarily) hated the Patriots when our rivalry got big with the them for a while, or, early on in Ravens history, the Jags (They kept beating us) and the Oilers/Titans (They played dirty), who were our division rivals in the old AFC Central (Which was the AFC North plus those two teams before realignment created the current divisions).  The lack of burning hatred of the Browns boils down to these factors, really:

- We took their team.

But they did get a guaranteed expansion team, got to keep and continue with their name, colors, and history, had a much shorter wait to get back in the NFL than we did, and had a public guarantee and a date certain for the new Browns taking the field.  A much much better deal than we got when the Colts left (We still have to watch Indy pretend to be us to this day.).  

So I don't feel *that* bad. But a little.

- The initial press conference Modell held in Baltimore in the middle of the 1995 season announced the team as the Baltimore Browns.  I literally had a Browns jacket and hat and watched 7 of their last 8 games (I missed the one win after the announcement- it wasn't on Baltimore TV because the freaking Washington team claimed us as a market).  It was half a season 25 years ago, but it feels hard to hate a team wearing those uniforms even now (No mixed loyalties, just want to beat them for football reasons like I would any other team in our division or any other team standing in the way of us making the playoffs. I don't have that saltiness on top that makes it a grudge game for me.).

I also remember the only NFL game I had for many years on Sega Genesis was Madden '95 or Madden '96 (I can't remember when Madden games started coming out the year before they were dated) where it made sense to play as the Browns because the Ravens weren't in it and they had most of our roster.

Incidentally, if anyone still has that game (Can't remember which of the two years, but if you have either, give it a try, can't hurt), play as the Browns, select I-formation, then select the curl pattern with the primary receiver on the right side of the field, and *immediately* on the snap scramble to the right side around tackle (Might have been between the guard and the tackle on the right, but I think it was around tackle).  You will always gain yardage playing a computer opponent.  Always.  Can't remember if the trick required me to dive or not to dive.

I set it for 15 minute quarters, called that play the entire game, and Vinny Testaverde rushed for over 1,000 yards *per game*.  He was like computer Lamar Jackson come 25 years early in that game. :)

- I kind of feel bad for their fans because their team always has a losing record and has never won a Super Bowl.

- Its hard to be mad at a team we historically have beaten badly twice a year almost every year.  Too one-sided.  The fans of the team routinely on the winning side of a lopsided rivalry always tend to feel it's a bit less of a rivalry than the fans on the losing side feel, because when you win, you have fewer bad feelings, but when your team loses to a team constantly, it starts to piss you off- human nature.

- Historic team with one of those names and color schemes that no one would allow today, but which work for them and have ties to the earliest days of the NFL (The Browns and Colts jumped to the AFC together after the merger so the NFC wouldn't have as many more teams as the AFC had if they just made the NFL the NFC and the AFL the AFC flat out).  I think the oranger they get, the worse the uniforms get, but if they went with what they do in a dark brown, they'd be much better.  I feel like they get too much crap for their uniforms, though.  Maybe I shouldn't use the word crap in a sentence about uniforms with a color scheme that looks like literal crap. ;)

- They were the first NFL team to invite the Baltimore Colts Marching Band to play at a game while Baltimore was between teams.  The Cleveland fans gave the band a long standing ovation.

- Their fans and our fans both think John Elway sucks (For different reasons) and we both hate the Pittsburgh Steelers.

- Maybe it's just a fluke, but I found visiting Cleveland fans surprisingly easy to deal with when I used to go to the games and some would travel here.  No where near the level of obnoxiousness as from Washington fans and to a lesser extent Pittsburgh fans.

**TL;DR**The first sentence after each bullet point should give you the gist of it. Its a list of reasons I don't hate the Browns much (Though I still want the Ravens to kick their butts).

If you just read it the short way, though, you'll miss out on how to make Vinny Testaverde rush for 1,000 yards a game in Madden 95. ;)"
Nooo thanos loses.
"If we win Monday we will be 1-1 against each other this year and 3-3 against each other the last 3 years. Perfectly balanced, as all things should be."
Sidebar!
wE are going to beat them like a gong.
If we play the way we did against the cowboys I think we get the W!!
"You know her team won, right?"
Lmao 😂😂😂😂
""
Hahaha. I’ll admit I laughed out loud for this but Harbs needs to get these guys in check. I know a lack of practice may be part of the problem but damn it’s getting out of control.
Elite adventure time memeage
"Thanks, I hate this. Don't stop."
Tbf all you have to do is check with the ref before the play if it's legit and he will tell you. WRs do this every fucking play if you are having at least one call a game as TE or T fucking check with the ref.
"Hey TE, move your fucking thumb back"
""
Did Dez catch it? Tune in again next week
But it’s 2 negatives after a positive/inconclusive test right? What the fuck is this shittery?
My guess is they don’t wanna risk it just incase he randomly tests positive or something. They know they can’t afford another outbreak.
Lol what
"Well, I was taught in school that 2 negatives equals a positive"
Jerry Jones rn: https://youtu.be/bj63nhV3VuU
Isn't he eligible to come off it with 5 straight negatives or something like a few guys earlier in the season. Pretty sure they're just trying to be overly cautious.
Guess the NFL has to pretend he was positive even though they let the game go on without a hitch as if he had no close contacts...
Dez is claiming he test negative twice. More to come.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Cowboys got that ass tapped either way. It would have been the icing if Dez played but we sitting good with that W
Poor Dez.  The game he wanted most all year
And it's gone just like that like the total bullshit it was 😂
He was put on the covid list today....... literally the post directly before yours.....
""
""
I’m making this post cause I’m just trying to get a feel for how the Flock is feeling about Greg Roman . I appreciate him butttttttttttt I know we can only go so far with his football philosophies . Plus imagine going to the super bowl and our opponent can look at his work from his 49ers days and it still be useful to them today -.- cause nothings changed . So lmk how y’all feeling whether it’s good bad ugly etc . Go RAVENS ! Fuck the Steelers with a passion  and who the FOOK is baker mayfield  mate ?
Run game is dominant. Play calling and passing concepts need work. Cowboys game showed just how dominant the passing can be on play actions and they just aren't called enough. He has a QB who is still growing as a passer and can go through his reads. He has to take advantage of that.
"Roman needs to go he’s good at run game scheming but it’s obvious he can’t adapt his scheme when needed and our offense is terrible when we play anyone good. Not every defense is as bad as the cowboys. We need something less predictable overall. We need to turn Lamar into a Russell Wilson type, a passer who can run, not the next Colin kaepernick who can only succeed under one scheme and Roman isn’t gonna allow that to happen"
"He is one and done material. Makes a great temporary OC while a team is trying to find a one to stick around. 

However, I hate the idea of us constantly changing OC especially with a young QB like Lamar. Really stunts growth. Dream would be Harbaugh getting creative himself and adding some plays in while Greg still sticks around. As much we get on him, I hope he sticks around one more year to see. I’d imagine it being incredibly difficult to change/create game plans in the middle of the season so I’ll give him the benefit of the doubt."
Lamar was right about teams having us figured out before the game’s started. We gotta let someone else call the plays and feed dobbins more
"He’s gotta go. We still can’t develop receivers, and he’s super predictable. A lot of games come down to coaching and play calls when teams are evenly matched. Roman’s good till teams figure him out, and he’s been figured out since the beginning of the season. He’s also an idiot that abandons effective strategies (dobbins) and is extremely stubborn, so he’ll keep trying the same dumb play desperately hoping it’ll eventually work. Not an awful coach, but Ravens need a new OC cuz sticking with Roman just isn’t working. 

Honestly wink can stay but we need a new OC. As the Steelers game showed, we have talent and can be competitive even with the backups. We should re evaluate our starters cuz the backups REALLY impressed me. We need an OC who’s capable of acknowledging when his strategy isn’t working. Roman lacks the creativity and well-roundedness we need. We can’t just be a running team. We’ve got the talent but we need a better OC."
"The pass concepts are not conducive to yardage, especially with our personnel. It relies on the player to make a play to get first down, not scheming WR’s beyond 1st down marker.

Sure Lamar has the skill to get the first down, but our receivers? Hell just call plays on 3rd and long that go beyond the markers not behind them."
Do we have a passing game coordinator?
"His pros are a dominant run game and if the scheme works it works great. His cons are:

Absolutely horrible route tree and inability to have a anywhere close to good passing game

Frequently abandons the run seemingly while it's effective and down 1 score or for some unknown reason pulls whichever running back is killing it(usually JK)

Absolute refusal to adjust regardless if he's getting nothing instead he continues to do exactly the same thing hoping it works eventually

Lastly and the one that worries me he has a track record of ruining the careers of his QBs by what niners fans refer to as ""coaching the instincts out of them""

So yeah fire roman"
"2019 was the best offense in team history and Roman was the OC.  He deserves more credit for that than he gets.  I doubt we can find anyone better for Jackson.   Our decline on O from last year is directly due to Yanda's retirement, and Stanley's injury.  No one should be blamed for those (although the FO needs to replace Yanda, it's too early to blame them for not doing so).   I don't think any of our staff should be on a hotseat this weird covid year.  Roman gets too much blame for 2020 and too little credit for 2019"
""
The worst part is they STILL defend it to this day. Embarrassing.
I’m sure their fans somehow blamed this on Art Model
"Wasn’t just a bad call. It was a blatant ignorance by the refs. Browns had a close call, they rushed to the line and ran a play, like many teams try to do. Even after the browns successfully ran a play they went back and reviewed the play before that, which is asinine. Refs completely ignored the rules that everyone knew"
Take us back
A shit call for a shitty team.
"This is surprisingly not the only bottle-throwing incident from that week. The next day on Monday Night Football the New Orleans Saints hosted the St. Louis Rams and Saints fans threw dozens of beer bottles on to the field after a defensive pass interference penalty called on the Saints. Now this incident wasn't as large as Bottlegate 1, but it was an incident that the Saints organization was far from proud about it. 

If you want to learn more, check this video out from JaguarGator9: https://youtu.be/_FuFGuI6dlQ"
"Fuck the browns and their whiny, sorry ass fanbase but they got hosed on this"
"They reversed a call for okay after a play already happened. So I would be pissed af too, but I def wouldn't do all this"
"Conspiracy Theory:

Terry McAulay, the head official that day — and current NBC 'Rules Analyst' (if that is indeed the proper occupational title) — used to live in Maryland. Perhaps he is a closet Cleveland Browns hater / Baltimore Ravens fan?

""McAulay's football officiating career began in 1976, including many years at the high school level in Howard County, Maryland."" This quote is directly sourced from his Wikipedia page.

However, I already knew this, since I recall an NFL game that he was officiating many moons ago in which some commentator on the broadcast randomly made reference to his home state residence."
Pepperidge farms remembers
Get those zebras!
"Light beer isn’t really beer, but ok."
""
I love him so much. I will kill anyone who hurts him 😩
How can anyone dislike Lamar.
"frick you u/nfl

this was pretty cool though

but still frick you u/nfl"
Lamar is the coolest.
He's way to humble.  God may have been giving it out but he took it.  Bless his mom for not letting people turn him into a running back.
The hate for this guys is ridiculous
"I just see bodies
I see bodies around me
It might be two guys coming
It might be one guy, it might be three
It depends on how they defending me

ok I see you LJ"
How does any good human being not love this man? He is just so likable and humble.
"I’m new to NFL/Ravens. I’ve started following the Ravens cause my bro goes for them. I’m Australian, so please excuse my native tongue - fuck me that cunts got a thick neck."
I didn’t expect him to be so soft-spoken and smiley.   I loved his giggle after that one run.
"This just shows what everyone here has been saying, that Lamar is a smart runner. He knows who he is running towards, he knows who's around him, he knows when to turn and when to drop down. This man is everything"
Can’t believe this guy is our QB.. Snipergang
"I pretty thoroughly enjoyed this. Lamar seems like an alright dude, and i'm curious to see how the rest of this season plays out in regards to him."
Oh shit this is the official NFL account
Jesus what a fantastic video
Some of these aren't scrambles but the man is a smart football player. I've noticed this year albeit its a down year that he's not taking any real hits. He took the few hits from last season and turned them into almost none
"This was more interesting than I thought it’d be. I’m sure 90% of what he’s doing is just totally instinctual but it’s cool to hear him try to describe it — whether there’s enough room to put a move on a singe defender, whether the defender is at full speed, whether he has the angle to use a “burst,” etc. Cool stuff."
Hearing him explain what he does is just amazing. How he can process that information so fast during the play is pure talent.
"Why are there ravens fans who hate on him?  Ive seen many game threads and so many ravens fans criticize him.  He cant throw, he is an rb, he cant read defenses, etc.  Im not a ravens fan but i appreciate his skills and talents.  He also seems for low key, doesnt get in trouble, seems like a nice dude.  I guess the day hr stops being your qb those same fans will regret how they feel now or suddenly appreciate him."
The fact that he was dropping all of those names and where the defenders were by memory really shows his mental strength
I love this man!
"💜🖤I love what you are doing, keep your head up and keep being you. God gave you this gift and he’ll take you through much success. Let all the criticism be your motivation."
Would definitely kill for Lamar if I needed too
The majority of the plays they show are designed runs not scrambles
"“The Art of Scrambling”  
Proceeds to show read options for half the b-roll."
He doesn’t miss neck day.
"""Learn scrambling from one of the best!"" 
.
.
.
.
Be the fastest guy on the field."
Browns fan. Had to downvote
"He's absolutely a fantastic talent, but he's going to eventually get hurt scrambling. I mean his back-up RG3, is ""Lamar Jackson"" from 2012..."
""
He really helped out Lamar there as he was extending the play. Perhaps they should give Hollywood some more choices in the routes he runs or some designed “backyard football” plays. He and Lamar definitely have some chemistry there.
"Didn’t see this live, but hope the interception he caused early gets as much play.  He continues to frustrate me for all the hype and talk. Will take a lot more of these for me to change my opinion....."
"Top 10 route of the year IMO. The trust in his ability to accelerate is what made it possible. manipulated the DB with a dead stop, jab step and cut up to the pylon, made it easy for Lamar to just throw it to a spot... All around GOOD SHIT."
"It's plays like this that Hollywood consistently flashed last year that made me think he'd be huge this year. 

Of course, that didn't turn out well and he's still got work to do, but plays like this do remind me that the tools are there."
lol josh allen got flagged for doing the same celebration hollywood did
I'll complain again: why is Lamar missing the easy throws but making the more difficult corner endzone throws?
He look like he’s gotta go back and finish grade 9
[source](https://www.instagram.com/p/CIoMjEdjfpM/?igshid=3nre96hyfrdf)
""
My heart still hurts he left.... loved an interview where he was talking about how they had ugliest in the locker room...clearly he had that on lock
"I'm an orthodontist and I treat this condition all the time. It's called vertical maxillary excess. It requires jaw surgery to correct.

From what I can tell, Suggs used Invisalign to correct his open bite that usually results from VME, so his teeth looked a little better, but his upper jaw was still too long, which makes his smile really gummy and gives him a long face."
I mean he did win the lifetime achievement award for “King Ugly” in training camp because they were tired of giving it to him year in and year out.
Im a millionaire athlete with two rings and canton bound? Bet.
"Easily my favorite raven ever, I met him in an elevator once when I was like 10 and he asked me to press the button for him and I still remember that, I tried to get 55 every year I played football even when I was a WR, and always put BSHU in my clan tag of any video game I can"
Suggs will forever hold a place in the hearts of ravens fans. This man was everything I ever wanted and will always want in a raven
"LMAOOOOOO NO THEY DIDN'T 💀

He ugly af, but he's *our* ugly boi"
😂😂😂😂😂
His teeth and gums scare me.
[deleted]
definitely a troll but still lmao
Captain fat fuck😂😂😂😂
What did I just read
Yikes
Do you go to the basement or the garage while other men have sex with your wife?
"If what you say about being a Steelers fan is true, I like you. If not, I still like you."
"The change of flair too, I appreciate the attention to detail"
This reminds me of that one Ravens fan a few weeks back who was simping for Pittsburgh in their sub. All respect to you but this ain't it bruh
This is the fakest thing I think I've ever seen on a sports subreddit
Yeah sure buddy you're a 55+ yo Steelers fan. Sure...
This guy has to be trolling right. Never put down your team to elevate the enemy. Couldn't be me.
Bruh
Lmao trolling. Big Ben is a dog and even I can admit that. Def would take him over 85% of the league any given year.
Someone's been drinking
perhaps i have treated you too harshly
"Patrick Queen currently has a 28.4 PFF rating but I know he has also made some really big plays. 2FF, 2 Sacks, 1 TD and 1 INT.

My question is... how is his rating so low with all those splash plays? What do you guys think of him so far and why do you think his PFF rating is so low? Is he out of position consistently in coverage?"
PFF is not a good tool for judging a player on its own. In tandem with other stats it can give you a good idea of a players positioning compared to their end of game statistics.
"PFF grades are based on how they score the film, not stats.

I think he makes big plays for us, but he's also out of position a lot in coverage and makes mistakes fitting gaps in the run . From that point of view I can see why his grade is low by PFF's standards.

Just because he's low by PFF's standards doesn't mean he's a bad player or that he doesn't flash a lot of potential. Once he understands the Defense a bit better I think he'll be awesome. He has all the physical tools to be a big playmaker.

Edit: Oh and to add - Marlon Humphrey's grades last year were low by PFF's standards because they didn't like how he positioned himself in coverage + they didn't really know his assignments on defense. Obviously Marlon is a great player, so PFF stats aren't everything."
He’s kinda like Marcus Peters. Makes a lot of impact/splash plays but also gets beat a lot
He just needed an offseason - Queen will be fine
"It's kinda weird, he looked like a STUD the first 4-5 weeks.. plenty of splash plays, played fast and aggressive 

Somewhere around week 6 or 7 I started noticing him getting bullied more or caught out of position, like he was playing hesitant 

Also his coverage has been worse than advertised, but hopefully getting better 

I think he just looked amazing because he's fast AF and can hit, but they're maybe adding more and more to his plate now and he's not totally keeping up mentally, so he's playing hesitantly?"
"Some of his weaknesses that he had in college, due to lack of experience, have been exacerbated by adjusting to a very complex system. His main strength is his speed and athleticism but compared to most traditional linebackers he does not play very physical. He’s been heavily shielded by the front 4 when it comes to run defense, he can’t really shed blocks and he’s often not shooting his gun on his run fits. In coverage he’s second guessing himself a lot or unsure of his assignments. Film Study Baltimore has highlighted a couple times where LJ Fort or Marcus have gotten on him about blown assignments or being out of position. The splashy plays are nice and I know that’s what most of the fans have fallen in love with him but he’s fundamentally flawed in a lot of areas. His physicality is my biggest issue with him, not only completely whiffing on tackles, but tackling too high or getting driven back when he should be running downhill. He’s a rookie and he has room to grow but he is by no means been consistent as a starter."
"He struggles to shed blocks and is bad in coverage.  Also shoutout to the guy who predicted that Harrison would be better because at least for now they are right, because Harrison has been better in coverage and is more physically dominant."
"1.  Coverage.  He will get better but he does have issues right now.  For instance he needs to realize on a play like the Myers fake that at 20 yards from the line he needs to keep coverage and not position for the tackle, he has more than enough speed to recover if the ball crosses the LOS.

2. Missed Tackles.  Its a high raw number but as a percentage of total opportunities its not so bad.

3.  Instincts.  He was a one year starter in college and didn't have a preseason.  He just doesn't trust his instincts right now.

4. Rookie fatigue.  The physical toll isn't the whole story, he also has a lot of football to learn every week, during the pandemic.

Why I am not concerned.  He has so much altheticism, skill and tackling ability.  If you told me a rookie would be the starting MLB for a top 5 defense despite not having an offseason or preseason I would be ecstatic.  If he was as bad as that score indicates we wouldn't have a top 5 defense."
PFF is garbage. They don't know assignments but pretend to. Armchair analysts that somehow have credibilty because Collinsworth pushes his crap on SNF
"He’s absolutely horrendous in coverage. Has no idea what is going on behind him, in front of him, or to either side of him."
"Queen makes a lot of tackles,but he misses a lot as well. He has the speed to get to the play, but over pursues often. He can be a much better coverage linebacker than CJ Mosely was. He's not a thumper like CJ against the run though."
He fucked the PFF graders wife
"PFF grades are based on how well a player plays their position by technique and effectiveness.  The reason his grades are low is that he gets pushed off the ball, misses coverage assignments and guesses wrong on a lot of plays ending up in the wrong position or gap.  So PFF is measuring how effectively he is playing that ILB position, which is not particularly well technique/position wise.  

On the other hand, Queen is extremely fast and quick to make up for a mistake.  His speed and athleticism help him recover and get to the ball.  So he makes a lot of tackles.  He has been really good in pass rush because of his quickness.  Overall, his athleticism is what is helping him make a lot of plays, but he is still young and finds himself out of position a lot.  He needs to watch and really study more film and work on his techniques better rather than just always relying on his athelticism."
"There's so many things that aren't even stats, that can improve or change a game's outcome.

He is constantly in on plays. He's a presence on the field. His coverage could use some work, but when in the zone. He clearly makes plays happens. Man coverage is tough, especially being a ILB. 

PFF is a poor rating system, his impact is much bigger then his PFF numbers show."
Ok word ahaha I thought u were mocking me at forst
""
"I traded for scary terry personally, a man can dream"
""
"Eeew, why do we have to be them in any way?"
"This season..... This meme could slap us in the face, but I hope not"
Incredibly autistic meme
"Gross, I don't want any association with the Browns or Ohio for that matter. Shitty place."
[deleted]
Brings back bad memories of some of our banged up lines
"He’s playing damn well for them.  275 snaps, 0 penalties, 1 sack allowed."
Also weird to see Kenny Young with a pick 6
He gave up two sacks that I saw
""
marcus peters trade continues to pay dividends
Our boy killing it
Who was Cam throwing to???
Looking like Marcus Peters out there lmaoo good trade for both sides I guess
Just wondering we are. Battling NE also for the wildcard slot right?
great play
Started rams D in all my leagues🤙🏽
Came here to say this! He got us MP last year and might drop a nail in the Pats coffin this year.
"Once a raven, always a raven. Except for bernard pollard."
"So glad he's doing good, really liked him"
Throwback to his incredible hit on Gardner minshew during the preseason
Ravens legend
turns out he was also a pick 6 shordy all along
"Started Rams D too, came up huge for us"
"Bruh why didn't he work out, I honestly thought he'd be the next Moseley"
Boy is balling out in LA
"Really didn't like the move to get rid of him.  Loved the way he played.  Always at the ball.  On top of that, I hate the way MP plays.  Gets the pick here and there but plays like 60% effort every game and it's infuriating to me."
""
Lmaoooo savage
"Ahh, but it's perfect though."
Savage!!!! 🔥🔥🔥
[deleted]
I doubt Greg Roman will be using that otherwise he would have been doing it since the first loss to the Steelers.
"And they lost 24-3. 

Maybe only attempting 23 passes total isn’t so smart when you’re down 17-3 at half."
"In no universe should we promote any OC to continue running the ball when they're down by 2 or more scores. Also, they lost 24-3, so maybe not something we should have our offense aspire to be?"
""
Was lucky enough to go to every single home football game that he started in college. When he scored 8 TDs in the first half in his first game as a full-season-starter we knew we had something crazy. Then the FSU game happened on College Game Day and we knew he was beyond crazy
So crazy. First Heisman for Louisville and first MVP for Baltimore.
"“the titans are hoes on them we shall stunt” post?

i want a good laugh rn"
"Don’t have that one, but was thinking earlier about the poor chap who posted about making actual Ravens mad at him. That post gave me a chuckle as well"
Just sort by controversial and you’ll find it
Thankfully they defeated the Pat's and that is one step closer baby
Good to see Kenny Young ball out. The Peters deal getting some more unexpected payout is nice.
Still can't believe we dropped that game with how bad that offense is
Hell yeah. Big thanks to them.
"Cam

🤝getting pulled in the 4th quarter

Lamar"
"I like derek wolff but am wondering why we put the kibosh on the brockers deal. he is an animal, doesnt look hurt to me..."
[deleted]
"I live in Toronto so Ravens shit is hard to come by. I’m loving this hat, she killed it."
shes a keeper
Is she single 😂
"I am a very casual football fan, but a diehard one for the Ravens. What are our chances for playoffs this year, let alone (dare I hope) the Superbowl? I am looking at the stats and it would appear to me we aren't going to go. We aren't even ""on the bubble"" list. If we knock it out of the park against the Browns does that put us in the hunt?"
69%
"If they win out probably like 99%. If they lose a remaining game it’s around 50%. If they lose more than one more game, than they’re probably not making it."
We definitely are in the race right now. The afc wild cards are extremely tight right now and that 7th seed is gonna come down to some insane tiebreakers. But yeah if we win that browns game we’re basically guaranteed cuz after that we don’t really play anyone else who’s good. Are we gonna do anything if we do make the playoffs? That’s anyone’s guess but rn we have a pretty good chance of making it in
"I would suggest just enjoying the games. I appreciate the hell out of casual fans because they are the reason the NFL is so big. As Ravens fans, we have been spoiled by success. The Ravens are playing meaningful football in December and that is huge. January will get here and if the Ravens find themselves in the dance that would be great. Until then, enjoy the ride."
Yes we have a chance but realistically speaking we are not making the Superbowl.
"Lol you're not diehard dude. That being said we have a good chance at making the playoffs, especially if we win against the browns"
[deleted]
[deleted]
What tiebreaker does the Dolphins hold over the Ravens?
"Wins by the Raiders and Chiefs wouldn’t quite eliminate that possibility. It would be super unlikely, but in that situation if the Steelers finish 11-5, the Browns finish 12-4, the Colts finish 11-5, and the Raiders finish 11-5, we miss. Interestingly, in that scenario if the Dolphins finish 11-5 instead of the Raiders, we make it. Tiebreakers are weird."
"Thanks for the concise rooting guide! I was using ESPN's playoff machine, and it was getting super complex due to how many games are left pitting contending teams against one another. Basically if the Ravens win out then their in good shape due to someone having to lose in those games, but if Ravens win this week and chiefs and raiders win, then Ravens have a great chance at making the playoffs as long as they don't lose anymore"
"Root for the Bills more or less every game for the rest of the season, basically."
[deleted]
Any cards left??
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Me!  My friend runs a non-profit org for kids and he collects sports memorabilia for them like sports cards, books, old clothing. etc.  If you have any cards left, I'd be interested to collect it for him."
I’ll take anything but the Earl Thomas card 😂
If anything is available let me know
[removed]
[deleted]
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-WEEK-14-PICKS-enkokr](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-WEEK-14-PICKS-enkokr)

please give this  a listen, big ravens fan here, i was thinking about doing more ravens based podcasts soon, i typically do a recap after every ravens game"
""
"[We have a lot of pending free agents](https://www.spotrac.com/nfl/free-agents/baltimore-ravens/), they're gonna be focused on locking up the guys we wanna keep more then anything. I think out of that list we re-sign one of Judon or Yannick, Morgan Cox, Snead, Jimmy Smith, Derek Wolfe, Anthony Levine, Pernell McPhee, Jihad Ward, and Gus Bus. 

After that I think we go hard after offensive lineman in free agency. Probably not Brandon Scherff or Joe Thuney tier free agent, but maybe a little below that level. 

As much as I want us to, I doubt we try and get a #1 receiver. I'd love for us to really go after Allen Robinson but our front office just doesn't hunt down receivers like that."
"I don’t think we’re signing a big name WR. I know everyone wants it, I don’t see it happening. This is gonna be one of those quiet years where EDC is completely focused on his own guys. 

I’m in the minority that thinks Judon sticks around. A down year in sack numbers reduces his value on the open market, but he does a ton for our D that doesn’t show on the stat sheet and I think we wanna keep him. I’m calling $14m a year based on NOTHING. 

Aside from that, I think our biggest splash is a pass-catching TE. It’s clear we need another one, and unlike WR, we don’t have a bunch of developmental guys on the roster. Nothing shiny, I don’t think we’re getting Ertz, but someone to give us three TE sets.

EDIT: I think we’re keeping Yannick too. Dude has played better than his sack numbers, we’re way too tied to sack numbers. I think EDC would rather cut his arm off than trade his most valuable pick (fifth) to get a rental."
I hope it’s a #1 WR but they aren’t cheap and don’t grow on trees. Maybe a starting caliber guard or center along with drafting another.
Everyone wants Allen Robinson but we all know we are going to sign Ty Hilton.  He is having his worst year of production but this year was a big dropoff from last year where he was pretty productive so I’d imagine we sign him to a Steve Smith type deal.
"As much as I'd like to see Judon or Ngakoue extended, they're both in line to get $16-20M/yr contracts in free agency and I suspect Eric would rather have the two third round comp picks and extra cap space than pay either of them that much."
Hopefully interior line and pass rusher
"I suspect once again we go BPA in the first round again. Outside of QB/RB/OT we could use depth-improvements. Would be sweet if we could snag a WR that fell or a EDGE personally but who knows how the draft will turn out. 

I figure some key re-signings will be focused on just for the veteran portion of our D and cause those guys are a little cheaper as well-Jimmy, Wolfe, McPhee. 

I feel like Gus comes back since he runs a different game than Dobbins. 

I have 0 idea who we'll hunt in FA. Couldn't predict last years signings, doubt I'll get this years ones correct."
I think we are going to be focusing on resigning guys and getting contracts extended. Like Lamar. Then maybe one more guy for the oline. Hopefully we get a true #1 wideout too.
[deleted]
""
I want Mark to retire a ravens legend.
Awesome to see this - thanks for sharing.
Raven for life!!
""
The Bucs DB
I’d be surprised if Queen finishes in the top 3. He’s had several rough games this season. Hard to make an convincing argument that he deserves this award.
"Eh, it'll probably be Winfield or Young. But Queen is a baller for sure."
He has a good shot at DROY
https://www.sportsbettingdime.com/nfl/defensive-rookie-year-odds/
Patrick Queen? Not by a long shot.
"Queen been getting his ass worked up and down the field for the past month. No, he’s not DROY."
No. He's been awful in at least half of our games.
Justin Jefferson for sure if you are talking about overall rookie of the year
Claypool has to have some talk as well
"I think it’s gonna be Herbert/Robinson/Jefferson OROY, chinn DPOY"
"I'd give it to Chinn personally, but Queen could easily win it if the voters pay more attention to statlines than game film"
"I think Queen has been good sure he makes mistakes, but he's new and didn't have a real offseason, Chinn would probably be my pick so far for DROY"
I feel there are other rookies more deserving of the award as of now but it would be awesome if he did
Nope
"ROY of the year probably not. 
DROY Hes top 3 imon"
Justin Jefferson all day mate
Should be
It's probably gonna be Chase Young tbh
Chase Young is probably the front-runner.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kb56ac)"
I’m no football guru. But I feel like a stout o-line can make even a mediocre qb look good and a good qb look godly.
"There’s only one right answer, and it’s the right answer every year:

BPA"
"Without knowing where we pick it's hard to tell. Obviously if it's viable to get Chase/Smith or Kyle Pitts either at our spot or with a small trade up that would be ideal. Not opposed to drafting OL in the first, but it's a really deep group so it may be better value to draft WR/EDGE in the first and get OL later."
"Give me Chase or Smith, reason  the top group of wr's in this years draft is arguably better than the last draft, however it's not as deep, so taking one early is the best decision.  Interior OLine is much deeper compared to the last draft so we can draft one later and have them compete with the likes of Powers or Bredeson ect."
Draft O-line; sign Allen Robinson/trade for Golladay
I 100% know this won't happen but Ja'Marr is literally the best wr coming into the draft since Randy Moss so I chose him simply because he is a generational talent and might be the only generational talent in this draft
getting wyatt davis would solve a lot of problems
If we don’t get Chase or Smith then I just want us to get a Guard unless it’s bad BPA then address another need that isn’t WR because I don’t trust us.
am I missing something? this post doesnt say anything other than “would you rather”
"Most of our picks need to be on the offensive end, can be O-Line or a WR/TE idc."
"The only wrong answer is trading back. 

You dont trade back when you have a QB on a rookie deal...you fill in the holes around him with talent and blow it up after the superbowl. 

DUH!"
"I went to LSU, so take this with a grain of salt, but Ja’Marr Chase was literally unstoppable in college. Look at how many elite CBs in college he made his bitch."
We are a run first team then PA oline is a must
[deleted]
""
Never go full Yinzer
Can’t throw the challenge flag on this one
I know a yinzer is a Steelers fan but why are they called that lol
"This is SUCH a fucking power move, I LOVE IT"
For some reason he seems like he would be that cool uncle
"Two cameo questions:
1. Did you write what he said or did he come up with it?
2. How much did Steratore cost for a minute?"
Quick someone cross post to Steelers and farm some down votes
"...and you can blame the stripes again

hahaha, gold"
"I fully expected us to lose vs the steelers. Down 16 starters? Name me 1 nfl team that can lose 16 starters, many 2nd strings and win? Name me a team. Ill wait.

The fact that we held them to just 5 posts is crazy"
Always rated Steratore
Losing to them this year and losing to the 07 patriots  are probably the only times I was more proud than upset.
"holy shit that's so extra

I love it"
he sounds so different than he does on tv hahaha definitely has a good professional voice 😂
"Steeler fans: Losing Ben for 2019 kept us out of the the playoffs!

Also Steeler fans: The Ravens being down 1/3 of their active roster including their starting QB had no effect on the game."
It sucked losing but....the boys made me proud with the way they battled and almost pulled an upset!!!!
Love Steratore
"All I gotta say is that without the refs playing us too, we could have won without sixteen starters."
Take all my upvotes omg
"This is fucking perfect haha.

I also never realized how much Steratore looks like a mafia guy. I can totally see the bribing angle working now.m"
I would rather pay a guy to go sit on Gene and see if he calls his ref buddies to help get the guy off of him...
Rent free holy shit
""
"Damn you beat me to it, haha. Fuck yeah ravens tho smart as fuck"
[deleted]
"Boykin has had issues with his route running and hasn't been on the same page with Jackson most of the time.  He has a habit of not running the right route, or knowing what to do when the play breaks down.  

While Boykin may post great atheltics, it doesn't seem to show up enough in games.  He usually seems more lost than anything else when he isn't doing a strict assignment.  

It is a shame really, I also had some hopes for Boykin, but it seems he just can't put it all together right now."
"Guy can block the fuck out of a corner on those nice Dobbins runs, though."
I love the ravens but Boykin is no where near DK
"boykin on most teams would probably pan out to be a solid third option but for whatever reason we just cant develop guys to anything past what they were in college

there was a throw to boykin against dallas that lamar ""sailed"" and while lamar absolutely couldve given him a better ball, boykin got maybe 2 inches off the ground and made it look so much worse than what it wouldve been with a more athletic receiver running the route. but then again, that chemistry and shared understanding seems to be the biggest missing piece in the 8-80 connection"
it's the passing scheme
He had the most snaps (87%) out of all the WRs last game. I think the coaching staff is hopeful on him. Though this is prob because Snead and Bryant were out
He had a td last game and could have had a second if lamars throw had been better. I think he has potential if he keeps working on getting open and lamar can get a catchable ball to him. Early in the season though he looked lost.
"Boykin may not be as bad as critics say he is. He gets open, but maybe not the soonest. For whatever reason he is not the guy Jackson is looking for. The same thing happened to Hayden Hurst. Lamar developed an instant comfort level with Andrews and Brown, and he tends to find them quicker. Due to OL issues, Lamar doesn't have a lot of time to look around.

Boykin had a nice TD grab vs. Dallas, and was open in the end zone when a pass hit the ground in front of him. If Andrews was there I wonder if he'd have those targets? He is a good blocker. He's a system player and the system is not favoring him right now."
One thing he's good at is in scramble drills he seems to be able to find that hole in the defense. Honestly couldve had 2 TDs vs the Boys if Lamar gets the 2nd up just a little
Dude should've had way more stats but Lamar was off target a lot.
""
Yeah his 1 yard runs really help out. I love mark but JK is killing it and gus is the power back so mark is the odd man out
No ones saying anything about fantasy. It’s obvious Mark isn’t that good anymore he hit his cliff. The same plays he’s getting 2 yards on are 12 yard bursts from Jk and Gus
Lmao what a load of horseshit addressing made up critics. Nobody is complaining about this because of fantasy fucking football. It's because we have 3 very capable backs and Ingram is unfortunately a bit washed at this point
Ingram is definitely on Romans fantasy team
"I've supported Greg Roman at times, but this proves he really is an idiot. It is clear that Ingram might not even be the 2nd best RB on the team. It has nothing to do with fantasy football."
Is Ingram even the third best back on the team at this point.  Gro needs a reality check.
Dobbins should be getting at least 20 carries a game
He's not wrong about the dirty work. Ingram is their best blocker. He's got to run occasionally so that teams don't sell out against the pass.
JK could be a top 5 back if he was the featured back
[deleted]
Does Greg think the fans are blind? I don’t care about a committee but we are wasting First Down runs on Ingram falling forward for 2 yards? That’s not dirty work....
"Greg you fucking idiot, reality football is where Gus Edwards had 14.4 YPC last game and Ingram had 4.7 YPC and they only had one snap difference between them.


Get rid of Greg Roman right fucking now. The guy is not going to adapt and if we even make the playoffs there’s a very clear blueprint to defeat this team."
is mark ingram even on anyones fantasy bench at this point lmao what a dumb strawman argument
Early in the season I said JK should be the starter and I just got downvoted.
"Yeah I expect roman 
to be gone after this season"
Means nothing if JK can take that same “dirty work” and do a whole lot more with it
Fuck this guy
"Maybe I'm misinterpreting the shit he says wrong via just text and I need to listen to him speak, but Roman kinda sounds like a dick on top of being incompetent this sesson."
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kb78cx)"
"It’s a toss up honestly. I don’t think the Browns are as good as they showed last week, but I think they are a good football team. With that being said I think Lamar wills us to a win and a spot in the playoffs"
I think they’re a better team then when we last played them week 1.
"I think so, but with an extremely high frustration level."
"Honestly I’m nervous. Fuck the blind faith police who are incapable of being objective. I think we have a shot at winning but it’s gonna be close. We hate the browns but they’ve played well lately. It’s gonna come down to mistakes and ref calls. We’ve got the Covid players back so that’s big. 

It also comes down heavily to how effective the blitz is, and if Roman refuses to use dobbins. Seriously, did jk do something to piss him off? He’s consistently a great rb, and he’s the core of the offense with Lamar, Snead & Gus. If Roman’s play calls are not using JK in favor of dumbass deep passes that rarely work, we could be in trouble. I have faith in Wink but it’s Roman that worries me the most. We have talent but it’s mismanaged horribly."
31-21 Ravens
"Browns fan here. We are a very different team than we were in week 1 but y’all have a good team too so we’ll see. I’m looking forward to Monday it should be a good game. With that being said though, fuck the ravens"
I really hope we can
Confidence level is much higher knowing our guys who have been missing the past few weeks are back to practicing.
"I think we will win a close one, we're getting healthier at the right time"
"Hard to say, depends on which version of the browns shows up (and to be honest, which version of our team shows up). I think we win, but I think it'll be close."
Yes
We need to clean things up but when we do I hope we give the browns a humbling beat down we give them every year
I’m cautiously optimistic but there’s a large part of me that’s saying we’ll fuck this game up. Please let me be wrong
We'll win. We have to.
"I want another ""kick-six"" type of ending with us winning."
Uhh duh
"All you have to do is do a corner or outside blitz. I'm not sure why no other team has done it but he has been doing reel wide, play action passes towards the left tackle a couple times per game."
"Idk, Browns have been really hot offensively, and we have been much worse offensively since we last played them, and I feel our passing game has been getting worse with weeks."
"Fuck the browns. I’m worried about Garrett, otherwise the back 7 of their D is softer than puppy shit. Time for our D to nut up and shut down the run. No OBJ should make our DB’s lives easier. 

Play man coverage on the outside, maybe have Humphreys shadow Landry. Stack the box and stop Chubb. It won’t be easy and they’ll get their rushing yards, but we haven’t been at full strength in weeks and should be able to get stops  

It’ll definitely be closer than week 1, but we got this dub. Too many vets who know what’s at stake here. We’re the better team and we finally play like it. Ravens 30 Browns 20"
"If we beat the Browns, our last 3 games are all winnable. This is our last true test. What's funny is I predicted 11-5 before the season started. NY is 5-7, the Jags are 1-11 and the Bengals are 2-9. We need to win out, I don't think we get in with a 10-6 record. I could be wrong though. We beat the Browns and we likely end what has been a depressing season with a very respectable record and a likely playoff berth. I think considering what we've been through this season, the off-field drama, COVID, the criticism of Lamar...if we end 11-5 I think that's a strong statement."
Fuck the browns.
If Calais Campbell and Brandon Williams play (healthy) the Ravens by 20 points.
""
SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP
man that's fucked up. Jerry Jones really did pay off one of those lab techs
Yo this is some straight bullshit
"Dez has a right to be angry. He was given a limited shot and incompetence by the NFL, franchise, and lab techs are all ruining it."
"If only there was information stating that the rapid tests do in fact produce false positives...

Whats with all the conspiracy theories, this shit happens all the time."
So we have 1 positive and multiple negative tests. Any exception for bringing him off Covid IR or is he missing the Browns game?
Man this whole thing has been weird
Dez was lied to about how he he caught it.
[deleted]
"I mean... we're not doing it for you. 

We want to do it because we pride ourselves on excellence and controlling our own destiny."
""
"i was thinking about lamars passing last night and wondering how many passes he has to throw into tight windows. the combination of lack of separation and play calling sucks. seems like when other teams throw, it’s usually to a wide open man unless it’s a deep ball. i’m thinking it’s partially lamar waiting for guys to be in the window rather than anticipating them being there and not taking his first read sometimes. when lamar  gets the mental part of the game to a t, he’s gonna be unbelievable. i want him and arod to get together in the off-season so bad"
"Can Lamar throw? Fuck yeah. 

Is he a great passer like Patrick Mahomes or Aaron Rodgers ? No. 

Does he need to be? Not at all"
"So like, I am all aboard the Lamar hype train. He's a great QB and I wouldn't trade him for any other. He's a leader, a baller, and a competitor. 

That doesn't mean we just ignore inconsistencies in the passing game. Stats can say lots of things. Lamar is a great QB and an average thrower. And that is ***fine***. Stop trying to use data to prove a point that isn't there. He doesn't have an elite arm. He has elite talent."
Skip bayless said it so it must be true.
"I feel like we don’t use these guy to their strength. Justice has good hands for a running back and can get us a few yards and Proche probably has the best hands on this team. Idk it Greg Roman doesn’t trust Justice but he could be used more in the run game maybe more than Ingram but less than Gus and JK And Proche definitely needs to be more involved in the offense with Duvernay, since the only target he got he turned it into a highlight."
You mean throwing the same screen pass to Proche that gets pick 6'ed every other game isn't the best way to use him?
It also seems like our fanbase bashes justice more than they praise him.
Justice looks good with the ball.
"The main issue for Justice Hill is that he is on a power run team and he isn't really a power runner.  He is a decent pass catcher out of the backfield, but then you are just telegraphing what you are going to do.  He also isn't the best pass blocker, so that hurts his chances.  Dobbins is really the all around back we need taking over for Ingram.  So Hill's chances get diminished even more with that.  

James Proche is a good hands guy, but that only gets you so far.  When he can't get enough separation or get open regularly, his hands aren't really going to bail him out.  I would like to see him get more opportunities, but right now it seems he just doesn't play well enough or get open enough to get more playing time as a receiver."
My initial feeling for Hill is that they are happy with the RB committee so far so no need to shake it up. I can see Ingram not coming back which opens the door for him to get touches.
"My biggest issue with how we use Hill is how predictable the play call is. He is frequently sent out on 3rd and short to mid length downs, and the play never seems to do well. But that goes back to Roman being predictable rather than Hills talent."
"Justice Hill has a lot more talent than a lot of people realize, and runs with more power than you'd expect, but he really needs to learn how to stop dancing in the backfield. Once he starts hitting the hole before he does all his little cuts, he'll be a decent back. But considering what I saw in that Steelers game, I think he's starting to put it all together

Either way, I'm VERY happy with a backfield of Dobbins, Hill, and Edwards. That's a top 5 RB room imo."
"The issue with Justice is that almost everything he does, Devin Duvernay does better. Proche I agree should be getting more looks with the state of our WR situation."
"That false start Justice had is dog house type stuff for harbs. I really wish Harbaugh wouldn't be so stubborn sometimes. Ben Powers played a really good game last week but for most of the season he has been in the doghouse. MY guess is if it wasn't for injuries we would rarely see him activated except for occasional games to use him in jumbo packages. Also, with #21 getting the start at running back. There is no need to just be loyal to him by giving him the start when we have 2 other backs that could be more dangerous on that opening drive."
the lack of proche in this offense physically pains me. He is such a good route runner with sticky hands that he could be an easy open 10 yards for lamar to fall back on (which he is severely lacking) but that also comes down to greg romans inability to have a passing scheme
"Yes and I’d love to see more duvernay too. I feel with proche and duv they need an offseason of playbook work cause right now it’s designed plays for them that are probably easy to read (hence the picks when throwing to proche or the short gain to duv last week that looked like more initially). I love what front office is doing though. Feels like we’re building a stable of nifty players who open up more imaginative play calling. Giving G Ro the benefit of the doubt he was probably planning for these guys to have a much bigger role and the offseason has forced a more predictable, slightly stale offense. Would love to see Justice Hill become a Kevin Faulk type but he’d have to improve pass blocking"
""
So happy to see Jimmy back. We're going to need all hands on deck to dominate the shitstains.
Campbell and Williams are gonna be crucial to stop the browns rushing attack I wouldn’t feel very confident without them hopefully just giving them added rest
Really hope Campbell/Williams play. Our run defense is night and day with/without them
"Jimmy Smith, Williams and Campbell are the most important especially the latter two for this upcoming game."
I just don’t understand why we are forcing carries to a beat up Mark Ingram. He had 6 carries against the Cowboys for under 30 yards. Gus had one more carry and turned it into >100 yards
"I'm a Steelers fan, and though I don't really like the Ravens, I always respected you guys. I don't respect the browns. I would appreciate it if you would beat everything out of them, and expose them as pretenders. Thanks."
Get lost.
Didn’t your team cheer for the Browns to beat us?
Hope you lose to the Bills
"Shame shame, I'll make you always remember. 
You cheered for the Browns on 30th December."
"If anyone got exposed, it’s the Steelers barreling beating a ravens practice squad and then losing to the football team 😂😂


FTS"
"I initially heard if we win out we are guaranteed a spot in the playoffs. I just read somewhere that if we win out we have a ""really good chance"" of making the playoffs. 

So I guess my question is- Do we control our own destiny or not?"
"Yes, there are a few scenarios where we miss the playoffs even with a 11-5 record.

If we beat Cleveland AND they drop 1 more (NYG, NYJ, PIT, doesn't matter which one), we have an advantage in the tie-breaker (11-5 both teams), so we take the 2nd place. If they win out (PIT rests the starters on week 17) then both the AFCE and AFCS results can affect our chances. This weekend is crucial."
"If the Ravens win out a lot of things would have to go wrong in other games for us to miss the playoffs.  A lot.  Check out this from ESPN where you can predict every game the rest of the way and look at seeding, etc.

 [2020 NFL Playoff Machine - Simulate Matchups and Scenarios - ESPN](http://www.espn.com/nfl/playoffs/machine)"
"I believe the only scenario in which we don't get in as an 11-5 team is if the Browns win every game but ours, the Colts or Raiders win out, and the Dolphins win at least 3 of 4 of their last games, which go through KC, NE, LV, and Buffalo (obviously if it's the raiders that win out, the Dolphins have to beat the Chiefs and the Bills, which would frankly be pretty wild, not to mention their rival New England). It does seem like it's a possibility, but the fact that 3 out of 4 of those teams would have to play at a really high level makes it pretty unlikely.    


In other words, our biggest potential spoiler is the Dolphins, followed by the Colts, followed by the Browns, followed by the Raiders (the Raiders winning out makes it less likely that the Dolphins will win 3 games). Unfortunately this means we'll want the Steelers to win some of these games if it comes down to the wire, but if it comes down to the last game of the season it will be against the Browns. We can also safely root for Buffalo in any upcoming game I believe.

If we lose another game, it gets way way harder to make it into the playoffs, but it's still possible if the above teams do poorly. It gets super complicated, but we'd basically need a playoff contender to lose to a mediocre team and for other contenders to lose a few games. Definitely possible, but we'd just get in by the skin of our teeth, especially if we lose to Cleveland."
I’m not worried about this quite yet. Need to beat The browns for anything to work
""
"I'll be honest with you, the pint cans are somehow much better tasting than the 12 oz cans. I can't explain why, but it's got a much fruitier crisp taste in the pint. And this is buying it in arbutus, it's made 2 miles down on route 1. Hope these new glass bottlings are somehow closer to the pint."
Nice! I hope they ship some to the UK for us to try!
Tried it for the first time the first game of the season. It quickly became my go-to drink for game day!
Huge seller in Ocean City in the summer.
"Solid beer, great label."
I love the taste of this and I'm really happy Guinness beer is being brewed in Baltimore. But Baltimore Blond gives me the same headache like Bass Ale used to do (loved the taste of that too). I wish it didn't. I can't imagine this is a normal reaction. It'd be great if they tried making Guinness Stout here. I have no problem with Stout. Love it.
If you like that I'd suggest checking out Peabody or Monument brewing in the city. They have some similar beers that are pretty damn refreshing.
"Obviously can’t happen, but just interested in the mindset on this

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kbaulv)"
"There’s something so fucking dark about choosing for someone to be hurt. Analytically we should clearly take this deal, but I can’t wish a season ending injury on the man. Plus we’re gonna get a super bowl outta him regardless, I belee."
"Like, if Lamar decided to take a vacation for a year? Sure. 

But I'm not interested in trading someone else's career for my short term pleasure."
"If Lamar tore his ACL, would he still want his team to win a Superbowl? That's how I got my answer."
this is gonna be an unpopular opinion but nope
Having foles win that super bowl really crushed wentz
"In the event that Lamar got injured and we won the Super Bowl, you’d hope it’s after we’re leading in the super bowl and he got to play in it / lead us to victory. 
I mean we literally can’t win it without him. 

I think as long as he’s able to recover and it’s not career ending I guess it would be okay, but wouldn’t wish any type of injury on any of our players and it’s kind of a harsh hypothetical situation."
Why is this even close? Of course I want my favorite team to go to a Super Bowl. Why would it matter if we did it without Lamar?
"Ravens > Lamar

No injuries tho lol he just take the year off."
You animals!!!!!!
Just because it's not guaranteed doesnt mean it cant still happen so theres no way I'm wishing for the face of the franchise to get hurt lol
Only if he got suspended or something other than injury (like unfairness to the league bc he’s so good)
I believe Lamar would sacrifice himself/get injured in exchange for he and his teammates getting a ring. If course this is completely hypothetical and not correlated at all so no harm in answering one way or the other
Nah lamar gonna get one regardless
""
Ironic thing is great apes still have higher cognitive function than Yinzers
Is this suppose to be a dig at us? that’s a pretty cool fact
Aren’t great apes only behind humans and dolphins in intelligence.
Big Ben parallels rapes in cognitive abilities
Great apes are like three taxonomic classes removed from humans so this is either a compliment or a self-own
Someone please explain to me how having one of the smartest members of the animal kingdom as our mascot is supposed to be a burn?
I love it when my Ravens fandom leads to me learning a new animal fact
""
"Good lord, everybody loves getting offended over nothing. What's even the argument here? That the Ravens media team is a bunch of secret Nazis trying to insert their own MVP QB into photoshopped album covers with racist imagery? Come on..."
"Ok, I'm Black and very socially aware of things....but this was an overreaction. Like I understand an image of a Black man in a cotton field conjures up certain thoughts. But c'mon, this was the Ravens social media team having some simple fun. We(as in the Black community) gotta really pick our battles

And I would have never known it was a cotton field if people didn't point it out lol"
FYI I believe the Titans did it with Derrick Henry as well
"lol i didn’t even realize he was in a cotton field 

i’m black and didn’t take this as offensive but i can also see how it could be taken"
"I can't speak for Lamar, but unless he was offended about it, I do not care lol. Our social media team does a good job."
Wish they’d repost this with Tucker or something bc this was absolute gold
People really just looking for things to get upset about now lmao
God please just shut the fuck up twitter
That's hilarious
"lmao thats why they deleted it? 😂😂

edit: didn’t realize they had my man in a cotton field 💀"
Lol the tweets in the article are joking about it? I’m lost on why complex wrote a whole article on it
"This is a fuckin reach lol. Are we synonymous with cotton fields now because of our skin color? And they're citing tweets with barely even any likes or retweets. There's a reason they didn't catch any traction


And of course, the author isn't even black. Go figure."
Can we all just stop looking for things to be offended about? Such an over reaction to something that was meant to be harmless fun. These people must be so much fun at parties...
"I don’t use the phrase it’s not that deep, because I hate it, but it’s not... 🤷🏾‍♂️"
Honestly the people getting fake offended and bringing attention to it are being way more racist than the Ravens were. I wouldn’t have even made the connection and the Ravens obviously didn’t either
Lmao
Lmao really? What a bitch 😂
Wow people need to stop being such fucking pussies
That's not even a cotton field
"Im the first one to cry foul about stuff like this. However, this seems legitimately like an honest (yet foolish) mistake."
"Mildly funny, but this is racism in it’s finest form. Smh... To anyone who doesn’t see the issue with the post, you are part of the problem.  🤦🏾‍♂️"
""
"Hopefully this is for tackle depth... as we lost Holden to the colts.

To be quite honest I’m LOVING bozeman/mekari/powers... if they can be solid for the rest of the year and then improve next year we are gonna BALL with Stanley Bozeman mekari powers and brown."
"What happened to that dude that stepped in at center(?) during the Steelers game? I kinda like what I saw of him.

Hyphenated last name I believe?"
The worst part of our line is RT. If we can figure out RT we are set
Dudes still playing?
""
"That’s awesome man, it looks super clean!"
That’s sick! Sorry for your loss buddy
I lost mine in 2016 and we too bonded over our love of football. I have a similar photo and a very artistic mom and I also now have tears in my eyes.
"Good stuff, brother. Lost my dad back in January. We always bonded most over our love for cleveland sports teams. One of the best memories I have with him was watching game 7 of the 2016 NBA finals, and there was just pure joy. He probably didn't realize as an 11 year old in 1964 that he'd have to endure 52 years of pain before one of his teams won it all again. But we got to share that moment together and I'll never forget it."
That’s wassup bro honestly
"That’s awesome, your future wife is a keeper"
Rest In Peace Pop!! God Bless You Man!!
Thank you for all the love. My girlfriend is super talented and I keep telling her to go off into graphic design work. I can't wait to tell her that reddit thinks so too
Looks Amazing!
Very awesome
Damn man. That’s amazing!
She’s a keeper.
That's an ELITE gift. Props to your girlfriend for that.
That’s so cool!
"Lost my dad in 2018 to leukemia. He was a huge ravens fan. Raised me to be one as well. 

Awesome way to remember your dad!"
"Cool dad, cool girlfriend"
Shout out to your girlfriend and your pops. Sorry for your loss and rest easy dad 💜
Fuck cancer!!! This is awesome though man she’s a keeper
"My dad passed two years ago and football was a huge connection for us.  I can’t tell you how much I miss talking to him on game day. Your gf is a keeper, sorry for your loss. We all go through it in this life and your girl did a solid for remembering him.  Go ravens!"
Your dad the goat Fr sorry for your lost king make him proud
I have a 13 month old girl. That tugs on the heart strings. Big up to you and one love.
"That’s insane, what a great gift. Props to your girl and your dad! #ravensflock"
she’s a keeper
Love it. Did he smoke? I’m trying to quit myself.
Cheers. Fuck Cancer
That's pretty damn great!
She's a keeper!  Your dad's looking out for you.
"Love this, good on ya"
Epic! Love it. Go flock nation!
That's truly beautiful
"That's a dope shirt man. I love the fact that you and those close to you know the deep meaning of it, but others around have no idea, but still think it looks awesome. Keep keeping on bro.

Fuck the Steelers and the Titans and cancer."
"I love this. Beautiful memory of your dad and a sweet gesture by your GF. Lots of good vibes with this shirt. 

That said you totally need to make another one where it’s Marlon as the dad and OBJ as you."
"You just better go buy the damned ring this weekend then because that’s an incredibly special person you have, brother"
This is the way.
This is beyond awesome.
That's super nice and thoughtful. She should totally make you some stickers as well with that design.
Fuck cancer. Sorry for your loss. It’s been over 10 since I lost my pop pop but it feels just like yesterday to me too. Cancer sucks
Hey it’s just allergies making my eyes water...
This is so badass. Much love to you and your family
❤️
Great girlfriend.
That's a gift that would make me cry
Absolutely love it. Very touching and a Great gift
"I really feel this. Lost my dad of lung cancer, too, this past January just before all the Covid shit hit the fan. He was a non-smoker, too. The VA believes it could be related to agent orange exposure in Nam. It came as a surprise and it happened relatively quickly. He was gone about 6 months after the diagnosis. It’s been a very strange year to grieve trying to social distance and stuff. 

Watching the ravens go 14-2 with him last season generated some of my favorite memories with him, my brother, and the rest of our family. It’s weird, knowing his time on this earth was fleeting, we made sure to catch as many games as we could. And they just kept winning. And winning. It felt good, man. High-fiving , jumping around pretending to be real fan Dan in the family room. When everything else was bleak and oppressively sad. We just kept winning and goddammit he just kept smiling. Last season was a treasure I will be forever grateful for. 

Big truss."
Now these are the type of thoughtful gifts I love 💜
"If Vegas beats the colts and dolphins, ravens can make it in the playoffs at 10-6 with a loss to CLE. Link below shows that scenario. Basically we want the Titans to win the south, and we want the colts to drop 2 games. Hopefully we just beat Cleveland though

http://www.espn.com/nfl/playoffs/machine"
"If we lose to Cleveland how well do you think we’d fair in the playoffs?

Edit spelling...fucking Autocorrect"
Noooooo spare the dolphins you have tiebreakers anyways
I don't know about that. I think the Dolphins will get taken care of by the Bills and the Chiefs. And the Colts (who the Ravens beat!) have the Steelers to play. But if the Ravens wind up tied with Vegas (very possible under your scenario)- Vegas has the better conference record.
"We don't want the raiders to win too much though. The Raiders can get our spot if the Dolphins win their other games. The Raiders are basically in the same position as the colts for us.

Who we want to win most by far is Buffalo. We should want Buffalo to win out."
"I'm going to stick with cheering on the Ravens and only the Ravens. Let the rest just happen. We're in, hope we kick in the last few teeth the squealers have. We're out, hope upper mgmt does some self scouting."
""
Dudes a monster
One of the few consistent performers of this season I feel
The dude wanted to come here to begin with. Let's let the man retire as a Raven!
This man has played far better than I expected! Dude carried the entire defensive line with the absence of Campbell and Williams! He’s phenomenal
I Hope jimmy gets some kind of short extension next he’s been ELITE this year
Feel like he’ll get hurt as soon as he signs it. Seems like that’s how things go for us
Nut
Huge. Campbell and BWill only have 1 year left
"Well deserved. This dude puts his heart on the field, never any complaining, and a good leader for the young guys. He's the definition of play like a Raven"
Love this! Been super impressed with him these last few weeks. A true Raven!
Good he has been real solid
Actually really happy about this. He was one of our FAs I was hoping we'd extend. Glad to know team feels the same
Hell yes! He is a beast and from his press conferences he really cares about doing the best he can. He took full responsibility for Henry scoring in OT. Even tho it wasn’t his fault.
I recently saw one of het tweets and then looked at her profile and all it it has is anti-ravens propaganda even tho she has a lot of followers and kinda looks like a ravens fan?
She’s an absolute moron
She’s racist I would just ignore it
Can someone give me context
"Attractive woman with a horrible personality that used that attractiveness to get a job writing Ravens columns for USA Today that looked like they were written by a 5th grader...until she was fired when racist tweets resurfaced. 

She has a bunch of simps on Twitter that enable her and have convinced her that she's funny."
"she’s a browns fan who likes flacco, also hates everyone currently on the ravens and is racist. ignore her"
Who?
"Apparently she's a mental midget who is only famous for being a racist homophobe. So, not worth anyone's time."
[deleted]
""
"Listen. I LOVE Ingram. Great dude, great personality. But you must be blind to think he's performing anything above below average this year, and for our OC to say he'll still be a part of the mix imo is all the more proof he should be fired bc clearly he doesn't see what this offense needs to be successful"
Non-fantasy fans want more Dobbins too. He's running the ball 10x better than Ingram and we don't even use him in the screen game. Roman is a fool.
I guess playing less talented players is “reality football”? Lol #FREEJK
Perfect. Just perfect. I guess there was no point in even drafting Dobbins.
This just proves that he has no idea what he is doing.
"I think there's a fear that our running backs will run out of steam by the time the playoffs come around like last year. 

Ingram is older and Dobbins is a rookie. In most cases these types of running back can't be the bellcow for an entire season without breaking down. 

If we manage to make the playoffs, I suspect Dobbins takes over down the stretch.

Edit: Remember when we made our oline switch going into the 2012 playoff run with Bryant Mckinney? Anyone ever get the feeling we're not getting the optimal iteration of the team on purpose? Just a thought i have sometimes"
"Of course he's going to say something like this, people in here are ridiculous criticizing him for saying that.  You don't tell the media and opposing team who you're going to be giving the ball. This is the right response"
All of the dirty 2 yard runs.
Ah yes just another showcase that Roman is a clown who should be fired at the end of the season. Keeping Ingram as a big part of the offense when he's been thoroughly outplayed by both Gus and Dobbins. Absolutely impeccable decision making from our OC.
"DECOSTA.
where are you? Are you hearing this stuff?
Decosta is smart.
G-Ro, I don't think you have long. You belong to the Jets already. Good luck, pal."
The reality is that JK and Gus have over 4.5YPC on the season in an RBBC scheme and consistently keep defenses honest by churning better yards than Ingram.
"what is with these fucking orbit motions? i’m watching some of the games from earlier this year and roman has been putting these into so many plays, and yet lamar has only thrown it like once or twice to the motion guy, and yet they’ve been open in the flat w guys in front to block. why does he put these motions in just to run the ball up the middle, or run a regular pass play which all it essentially does is remove a receiver from the play?"
Also tells you whether defense is in man or zone coverage depending if the DB follows the WR across
Any presnap motion gives the QB more info on the defense than he previously had. Makes reads easier
Misdirection
"Roman just googled ""good play calls"" and a bunch of Chiefs highlights showed up. He's still figuring out how to copy them."
""
"Lots of great thoughts from Jake Burns of OBR:

* Similar cap issues for Ravens and Browns entering 2021
* Qualified interest in extending Baker Mayfield on a contract that protects the Browns
* Review of the OL and play action scheme (the Browns love multiple TE sets)
* Why Chubb has been more effective than Hunt this season"
""
"OL Scoring and notes from TNF win over Cowboys

* Solidified positions on the OL
* Ben Powers now has a quarter season in the books and has been terrific aside from penalties
* Mekari has a stellar game at center
* Should the Ravens extend Bradley Bozeman this offseason?"
Love this in depth assessment because I see people on big TV shows who I feel like don’t actually spend the time to watch the full film and only look at big highlight stats when discussing o-line stats. Keep up the good work.
""
"Man, that would be a crazy alternate timeline. 

We probably would have finished 2018 around 6-10 without Lamar taking over for Flacco. Probably puts us around 5th-10th in the 2019 draft. 

We probably would have gone QB early. Daniel Jones or Dwayne Haskins could be our qb now."
God that jersey looks awful on him
"Fuck the pats, fuck this post, Lamar is ours"
"This doesn't surprise me, there was always talks ever since Watson and the Texans gave them trouble in 2017 (Pats barely won 36-33)that Bill had his mind set on finding a more mobile qb."
Threw up in my mouth a lil bit.
Don’t like this. Nope.
"Whew boy, those racists of Boston would have had a field day with him if he played horribly."
This is disgusting.
I can’t see him anywhere else. He’s our llama
Going with a dual threat QB is a very rational choice when in between QBs.  Those guys give you a chance to win if the rest of the team is good while you search.
"God, no."
"Ew, gross"
Can you burn a Reddit thread?
Damn I really prefer Lamar with longer hair
Him in NOLA would be even scarier.
I'd fucking hate it.
Cursed post
Seeing that jersey on our Llama makes me wanna throw up
I could see them keeping TB and using LJ like the Saints use Hill.
""
I think we’re gonna need 1 or 2 on Monday. Especially if Chubb gets to running.
This is awesome as long as we are still making tackles. We got so focused on stripping the ball against the titans that we let guys run all over us...
"This is cool and all, but I’d rather they just wrap up and bring the player down rather than constantly try and make a big play."
Who tf is Andrew Van Ginkel? Guy looks like Sunshine from Remember the Titans. Haha
I know a lot of people have been underwhelmed with Yannicks production but he had been a HUGE boost to our d-line even if he’s not getting individual numbers
"Hmm Yannick only has 3 FF.  Click on his name and go to stats.  It says 3.  Same on pfr. 

2 with Vikings and 1 with Ravens."
Zadarius putting in work up in GB. Losing him hurt.
I have to believe that when our d-line gets healthy again that Yannick will kick on for us. Would love to see him see out the season well.
Does Yannick have a single stat in his time HERE?
Isn’t that 4th? Not 6th
Must be pretty easy for JPP to punch the ball out
very nice.
PFR has Yannick with only 3 FF on the year.
Toughest Defense in the league 😤
"I’m predicting Lamar goes HAM this week. 

I think we know what to expect on D...containing Baker except for a few bigger plays where we don’t get pressure on a blitz, while Chubb bends us but only breaks us if they can afford to run the whole game. I predict that they can’t because Lamar is going to put up 24+ points by halftime."
""
We’re definitely going to want to keep an eye on this. Big baby is back but Campbell brings another dimension to the front.
"Campbell definitely falls into the camp, doesn't need to practice to play. Hopefully he is just getting extra rest and will be ready to go!"
I'll take a broken down immobile Campbell over anyone else against the browns tbh.
"I’m a little pissed off that they allowed Campbell to play with a hurt calf. With an injury like that you usually want to give a player an extra week off even when they feel 100% just to be safe. And they rushed him back to play a beat up Dallas team, knowing full well how important of a 4 game stretch we had coming up? Big mistake. In fact, it’s such a dumb mistake that I don’t believe they could have made it. I’m very confused."
Are we getting Williams back though?
Browns fan here. I didn’t know that Tramon was still in the league but I loved him when he was with us. How has he been this year?
Campbell is pulling his usual shit.
""
What
What
Huh
"Last year, we seemed to have a lot of success with the three tight end set and didn’t have any elite receivers. Do you think we should try to replicate that by focusing on tight ends instead of wide receivers in the draft?"
"I think picking up a TE in the middle rounds would be a good idea, but not early. We have bigger concerns. #1 being OL."
Draft a line
Kyle Pitts runs better routes than 80% of receivers. I doubt he’s on the board when we pick but he would be awesome.
I think we can find a good TE3 cheap in FA like Richard Rogers or Ricky Seals-Jones. With Jake Breeland or Eli Wolfe being in the mix too
"We can't draft receivers. It's just not possible. We need a Center, at least 1 Guard, a TE3, then a WR."
"Just draft the best non-qb available early, don’t get cute"
"Honestly I just want to build a solid o line. We need big aggressive OL so they can create lanes for Lamar to run through. That’s why we have Lamar, and it’s why we were so good last year. Lamar is slippery af and excellent at scrambling. Give him a good O line that will hold, and he’ll get yards. I also think we could use a solid pass rusher, Judon is decent but overrated and he’s expecting more than he’s worth. He’s gotten better towards the last half of the season but I think we should prioritize better options."
Yanda 2.0
We shouldn’t draft a WR at all. We can’t develop them and we should get a big WR who’s already got nfl experience. Drafting another WR would be us repeating a known weakness.
Lets get a 3rd round beast like Andrews instead of a 1st like Hurst. Still love Hurst as a former Raven but not for a 1st.
O line and pass rush still come before that IMO
This TE class is loaded man.  Pitts is going to be a monster but unless we are a first round exit we don’t have a shot at getting him.  There are a ton of other guys too though that we could get that are late first round guys though.
"i wouldn’t be opposed to drafting one, but why does everyone keep saying 3 TE sets when most of the time they were never on the field at the same time? like hurst, boyle, and andrews were rarely all on the field together. sometimes u would get it where 2 of them + ricard, but it was a rarity to get all 3 on the field at the same time"
"\#1 OL

\#2 OLB/DE

\#3 TE"
"This off season better be about absolutely getting the most offensive talent around Lamar. At OL, TE, and WR. If Eric spends any top 4 pick on defense, he should be fired."
"Nah, pick up a TE in free agency. We would be a very attractive organization to come to because we use tight ends so much."
"Idk much about the incoming tight ends, but probably not. OL is a huge need right now, same with pass rush. We will take a TE at some point bc we always do but I trust in them to develop a round 3-5 TE enough to focus on other stuff"
"You can debate which position to draft in which round all day, but in the end it's going to depend on how the board falls to us. We might not've gone with an ILB this year if Queen had already been taken. And there's no sense in taking a TE in the first round if all the tight ends left on the board are third round talents. We have to balance team needs with BPA."
"If Kyle Pitts is available then needs be damned, run to the podium. I'd probably take any of the five WRs I have first round grades on over Freiermuth though."
"No I think we should draft a solid 1st Round Center or Guard. If neither of those go heavy on DL.

We're getting killed in pass protection and in run stopping."
Draft a receiver whose not short and not skinny like Hollywood Bust Brown
"Assuming equal talent, WR over TE.
1) Boyle should be back next season and it's rare that 3 TE are on the field at the same time.
2) Need an outside WR1, badly.

BPA or trade down works, we should keep doing that."
Yes.
WR
""
Glad you chose obi Wan and not Qui-Gon.
"Wait so who is Qui Gon, the Bengals?"
Remember when we went like 38 weeks without allowing a 100 yard rusher... Good times
"Chubb is a big problem. Going to need a big lead early, or it'll be ugly."
Hasn’t the rush defense been pretty bad recently? Thought I saw that over the past 5games they have been giving up an avg of 127yards
The greatest battle in cinema and nfl history
I do as well browns do have two good running backs but then again they have to go up against our D line men up front and baker has to deal with Patrick queen marlon Humphrey Marcus peters etc it’ll be a good game lol I keep hearing that we’re gonna lose so I really want us to win this game to shut some people up
I gotta bad feeling about this...
I’m not feeling confident but maybe Lamar is turning the corner after the Cowboys game. Just took some Covid to wake him up.
[removed]
He’s so quiet that I can’t really get a feel for how he feels about Baltimore. But I’m worried someone like Tennessee would try to get him to back up Henry. Really hope we are able to resign him. Him and JK in the backfield will be great going forward.
"we're gonna offer him an extension. 

but that probably means we let somebody like Willie Snead walk.

edit: I'll be honest, I have no idea who hits free agency this year or not."
"2nd round tender at the very least if not an extension. Either he is playing here or we get a 2nd rounder if we dont match the contract, but 100% the second round tender is coming"
Gus is a restricted free agent. We’ll likely offer him a second round tender which clocks in at $3.25 million. Then we’ll probably cut Mingram to get $5 million off the books.
"He's an RFA, DeCosta will definitely tender him as a 2nd rounder. If someone overpays, might as well collect a draft pick instead of letting him walk for nothing."
"Hell most likely get a 2nd or 3rd round RFA tender. We pay him a small amount, and if any team wants to sign him they have to give us a 2nd or 3rd round pick."
"Dobbins and Edwards are the only backs producing anything this year. Ingram has been off since his injury last year. Re-signing Gus hast to be a priority. They can do some creative schemes with Dobbins, Gus, and some Hill/Duv sweeps."
"It should be a two headed monster with gus and jk, mark ingram is done on the ravens. We have two quality backs . Ravens should focus on Wr and o line in the off season. We are really missing Marshall and Ronnie"
"Gus averages 5.2YPC as an RB3, and has had over 700 yards in both seasons and is on track for another 700+ yards this season.

He's our most valuable back/weapon next to JK and Lamar. He's easily a low end RB/ high end RB2 power back. We **absolutely should resign him.**"
"What's the cap expected to do next year?  Shrink due to lack of stadium revenue or grow due to a new TV deal?   I've lost track--but if the cap does shrink, we'll be dumping a chuck of the roster (and so will most teams)"
Man he would be the perfect backup to henry. I bet the titans drive up the price at the very least.
"As much as I love Gus rbs like him in this league are a dime and a dozen. Considering he was undrafted and offers nothing in the passing game with little to no wiggle I see us offering him a couple mil a year deal but that’s it. 
Rb is the most expendable position in the league especially for us when we just drafted one high."
I have this weird vision where we trade him for Tim Patrick from Denver
Gus is our best back change my mind
I don’t like it but Gus is as good as gone. He will sign for more money than we can pay.
""
"Kinda big that Ward is out, IIRC the browns secondary is already pretty beat up as it is"
Our secondary is really in shambles. Our entire starting secondary is out
If Hollywood doesn’t go off for this game I’m going to be pissed
Have you guys gotten everyone back from COVID and who won’t or may play because of injury
""
Lmfao please let this happen.
Hopefully he’s their franchise qb I heard he cooks really delicious turnovers
I'm so mad that we lost to that clown
"Browns first half- outscored Titans 38-7
Browns second half - outscored by Titans 28-3 

The first half Titans were clearly over-focused on stopping Chubb and Mayfield made them pay. He did a very good job diagnosing man coverage and making quick throws.

I was too disgusted with the Tennessee frauds to pay attention in the second half. Did they make adjustments? Apply better pressure? Or was it just a garbage time comeback?"
The Browns haven’t found themselves in the position of holding onto a lead like that in forever. There is a certain amount of experience that is needed to hold a team down for the count. They have a great roster and have proven to be an elite team this year. It should be a tough but really great game. Both teams are set up for future success.
"I think you make great points, but considering how badly our run defense has been playing the last 3 or 4 games I think we still need to sell out to stop Chubb and Hunt and hope that our secondary can just bend and not break. The Pats, Titans, and even Cowboys have all run over us recently and the Browns probably have the best total package run game of that bunch. Haven't seen us give up a bunch of wide open receiving TDs but I'm scared of what will happen if we cant keep their ground game down early in the game."
We took our foot off the gas. We did the same against Dallas. They need to find a better balance of chewing clock but not letting teams back in it
Browns are a pretty damn good team this year. Getting pressure on Baker is gonna be key to winning this.
"#39 Breon Borders on the Titans got torched and was the focus of Browns gameplan. I hope they don’t do the same thing to Averett.

Baker made the throws, but there was no pressure and 90% were one read throws."
You said browns are elite??!! What are you smoking
"Thoughts? Personally I just want an OC that knows to give dobbins the ball more often. Also, it would be nice if we got someone who could develop receivers and not repeat dumb plays that don’t work. 

So, any ideas?"
"I think we need to get rid of Culley and get a young college coach to design our passing concepts. Roman is amazing with run scheme, just need someone to take the passing off his hands. Culley was the passing game coordinator for the Chiefs the years they had 0 wr tds, it was a complete nepotism hire and isn’t surprising our passing game sucks"
"**Who I want**: *Kevin Wilson (Ohio St oc) or Mike McDaniels (Niners run coordinator)*

**Who I expect:** *Doug Pederson (if Eagles fire him). It's a move that Harbaugh has a history of making*

&#x200B;

* Cam Cameron went from HC(2007) of the Fins to offensive coordinator for the Ravens (2008)
* Gary Kubiak: Texans HC (2013) to Ravens offensive coordinator (2014)
* Mark Trestman: Bears HC (2014) to Ravens offensive coordinator(2015)"
Ravens legend Jim Harbaugh
"At this point I more think we need a pass game coordinator who can help Roman specifically with the pass than we need to fire the man. I’ve yet to hear of any good replacements, he’s not all downside and we’d miss his run schemes, I like lamar having a consistent coordinator for a while unlike the poor elite dragon, and the run-pass balance issues from early season seem fixed. 

I’m beginning to think chanting fire Roman is just lazy. Remember when we all hated Juan Castillo? God, remember when people wanted Harbaugh out? We lock on to these easy, one-dimensional solutions, and we’re not exactly batting a thousand."
Remember when he told Lamar “uh duh it’s a defensive coordinators job to figure you out” well Dumbass it’s YOUR job to FIGURE THEM OUT !! and come up with a good game plan and expose some weaknesses in teams and has he done that well enough? Hell fucking no time and time again we see offenses come up with a plan to hit our weak sides where it’s either to target Queen or to keep doing screen passes because those for some reason always get us. And what has Greg Roman done to expose weak sides on defenses?
"Honestly, I'm not sure not that many good passing coaches are available."
i want a creative college guy. any creative college guy. but harbaugh seems to hate young coaches so
"It's definitely going to be one of Urban/Culley/Pederson/Nagy/Lynn, but I'd love to get Mike McDaniel (49ers run game coordinator), Mike LaFleur (49ers pass game coordinator) or Jeff Lebby (Ole Miss offensive coordinator)"
"Granted I’ve been gone for two months, but are people around here so knee jerky that they flat out want Roman gone already? You’re probably the same people calling him a god last season. It’s really not his fault that we lost one of the best OGs of all time and arguably the best LT in the league, not to mention our injury and COVID luck the past few weeks.

Roman isn’t perfect, but he is a damn good OC and he excels in running game concepts which is incredibly important for our offense. This offseason we’ll fix our OL woes and people will pull another 180."
You mean the coach that won the NFL Assistant Coach of the Year last year?
"Ole Miss OC would be epic. We need some new blood in the NFL, not these old turds."
I would say the bills OC but that guy probably will probably get a head coaching job
"This will be unpopular but I think we are unlikely to see any sort of young offensive guru get hired under Harbaugh. If wink didn’t give such massive cushions to receivers I wouldn’t be opposed to promoting him to head coach and finding a top tier OC, but I kinda like the idea of getting Joe Brady in as head coach."
"I don’t have ESPN but live in the Baltimore market. Will I be able to watch the Browns game over the air or will I have to sail the seven seas?

Thanks."
You should be able to watch it over the air on ABC if you’re in the Baltimore market.
"You can also stream it for free on the [Yahoo Sports App](https://mobile.yahoo.com/sports), but only on your phone."
Nflbite
nflbite.com is your best friend if all else fails
Nflbite.com
Look up Crackstreams if all else fails
"i dont think you’ll get it on cable - as far as I know, there’s no locally televised option when the game is on Espn/NBC"
""
"I think JK, Robinson and Gibson all look very promising"
This year had a pretty good running back draft when everyone was focused on the WRs. I’m excited for Dobbins future here I was so hype when we drafted him
Hey guys mods allowed me to post this; here to engage in discussion!
Robinson has got to be the most surprising out of the rookie class. Guy is undrafted and a bell cow.
"I’d say it’s a three man race between Robinson, CEH, and Dobbins."
"It seems like Dobbins has an artificial ceiling limiting his potential due to lack of utilization. We've had a tendency to abandon the run game, even when it is working well, as soon as we are slightly behind. Fewer touches will be fewer chances to shine."
""
Old_era8
"Tracy Ham, Mike Pringle and Don Matthews coaching, All Fucking day. 

..oh... And did I mention O.J. fucking Brigance on D?"
Tracey Ham
""
"Hell yeah he’s kicking cancers ass! Best wishes to you and your family. It takes a strong dad to let his son pick his own team and support him in doing so! I hope you guys enjoy your holidays and get to enjoy a Ravens/Cowboys game in person, together once the pandemic is over!"
"Tell your dad he's awesome for us, plus a high five from us for showing cancer who's boss! (And maybe a second high-five for a Witten jersey, in the sick white-shoulder throwback look!)"
Let’s go Pops! You’re the real MVP in my book!
Good deal on your dad knocking that shit out! And for being a supportive figure in your life. Go Ravens and hope your family is well.
Fuck cancer man I'm glad he kicked its ass
Go man! Get ready to go to the next Ravens/Cowboys game in 4 years :) keep kicking cancers ass!
"Finally some positive Cowboys news!!! 

Great work on your dad for kicking cancer’s ass."
Great choice and positive thoughts to your dad  my man
Fu$# cancer.
Hell yeah you gotta get a Dez Bryant jersey for the ultimate crossover
You guys need matching Dez Bryant jerseys
Happy for you and pops!
Wishing you and your dad the best. Happy holidays!
Awesome sauce
FUCK CANCER! God bless you and your pops
Way to go sir!
"My pops grew up in Cincinnati, like me, and always told me to go find another team because, in his words, ""Mike Brown will never give a fuck about the fans"", so I found the Ravens via Ohio State via Troy Smith, and I've been happily tattooed with the logo since the 2012 season superbowl"
Great job to your dad
Higher powers helped him recover so he can learn the error of his ways in supporting the Cowboys instead of the Ravens! Glad to hear he’s better. All the best. Go Ravens!
Happy Cake day bro! Glad to hear all is well with your dad!!
You got a great dad! Respect for him letting you pick a team and a great team at best! I wish you and your dad with great health in the future!
Good on ya buddy.
"Hey OP same thing with me and my dad! It’s pretty awesome. We made a trip down to Arlington the last time we played down there, in like 16 or 17, it was the year we were real bad and real hurt, we got smoked but fun none the less! We’ve made an agreement if we are ever in a Super Bowl together we have to go to it."
Glad to hear hes doing better now! Wish nothing but good health and happiness to the both of you. #fuckcancer #ravensflock
“Ray dance”
That's great news! Glad to hear your dad is doing well.
Cancer got nothing on him. He’d crush cancer like the Cowboys crushed the Bills in SB27
It looks like yinz share a hatred for the Steelers with those jerseys
Where do you live OP
Toss in a Titans upvote for solid Dads.
"Way to go Dad, stay healthy!"
Respect
The only time im giving love to a cowboys fan right here. Hope he gets well.
 Best wishes to you and your family
"Graduated in May and still can’t find a job. Ravens are probably the only thing I have to enjoy lately. 

You boys have been making this shit a lot more bearable. Let’s get that W Monday!"
"I can without a doubt say this has been the worst year of my life, lost my grandma and my 15 year old dog.   Im beyond thankful I can still watch the Ravens with my dad!!"
Well I currently have covid but aside from that everything’s jolly olly
Being without job and alcoholism is a bad combination man
"You got this man! Just hold on a little longer and there will be lots more jobs available. The more people get vaccinated the more businesses will open up. 

It sucks, I know! I graduated college right into the 2008 financial collapse. Even after getting a fancy masters degree it still took me 2 years to find a full time job outside of retail or food service. I wish I had kept track of my applications but it had to have been 75 or 100 out of which I landed only 2 or 3 interviews before I finally got a job which was 2000 miles away from home. Applications suck and they can drain you emotionally but keep putting them out there. Worst case, you’re at least reading the job listings daily and you will see when listings start to spike in several months. 

Keep the faith and I’ll think good thoughts for you."
The ravens have gotten me through this year so much.. My hands have gone completely numb from using a computer too much and bad posture... I lost my business and can’t workout. I’ve been watching a ton of highlights and learned a ton about football with all of my down time... good luck in your job search bro!!!!
"I feel ya, got laid off after 2 years working post grad. It sucks. If anyone has jobs in finance or RMI or anything tbh message me! Lol truzz"
I’m in the same boat. Graduated in May and can’t find a job.
"It took me about 7 months to find a job in the field I wanted (technical writing). I started looking in January right before COVID hit, so that didn't help. Then I eventually found a job in August, but the company went under 3 months in, so I was unemployed again in November (last month).

The first time around, I pretty much just polluted the interwebs with my resume lol. It's a lesson in torture because 99% of the time they just don't want you. But 99 no's and one yes is still a yes. Only way you're going to find that one 'yes' is by shotgun-blasting your resume all over the place. Definitely apply to jobs even if you don't have the required experience. I had no experience, yet I still got hired eventually. The second time around I only had 3 months, and that alone was enough to have people calling me without even applying to their company.

Just having your resume on file works sometimes. I've been called back by employers who initially had no interest in hiring me. In fact, I just landed a nice job on Thanksgiving week because their in-house hire left at the last second. Because they had my resume on file, they called me, interviewed me that day, and then offered me the job the very next morning. They were in a pinch, and I happened to be unemployed and ready to go. My first day was Monday of this week. I honestly might have this job for a long, long time. Things just kind of worked out. 

I got really lucky: I fell upwards, got a raise, and am working at a very stable company with great pay and nice benefits. But back in July I was a nobody with no experience. Things can change fast. Gotta keep applying and sending out those resumes even despite the no-replies and declines. You'll find something eventually."
Keep your head up man! What did you major in?
"Yes. I am in didactic year of PA school which would be difficult without a pandemic. Doing it hybrid virtual/in-person has led to me not making the long term friends I had imagined, or having that peer support. I’m lucky to have my wife with me, but it’s hard not wondering what could be and what I’m missing out on."
"I don’t live in Baltimore anymore and my gf doesn’t like football, so I’m alone most games. Glad to have this community.

Don’t worry about the job my man I graduated 3 years ago and have been contract or part time since, you’ll find a good place."
Yeah I feel you. I also graduated in may and am still without a job. Engineering. Doesn't feel great to have to move back in with my parents while my friends are out starting their careers and whatnot.
"My best friend killed himself 2 months ago today and I feel that the covid lock down heavily contributed to that. So its been a pretty shitty time, id say.

GL on the job hunt, that shit sucks but it'll happen eventually just dont give up."
"Hey. Please hang in there. You’re really unfortunate to have graduated at a difficult time in the job market. Things will improve eventually - it was same for me when I graduated during the big financial crash some years back.

Started a Ravens YouTube channel which I’d been planning to for years, haven’t kept it up though - been struggling mentally all year. 

Glad that you posted about your feelings. Please continue to speak out or share if you’re having troubles. Don’t let them overwhelm you without getting help. 

Wishing you all the best."
"I lost one grandma this year and lost out on seeing my other grandma for the first time in 15 due to the shutdowns. And idk how much longer she has, so next year might be my only chance to see her again."
"For anyone looking for a job after college, these are my thoughts. Im not an expert but ive always succeeded with interviews and resumes and im in the corporate world now 

1. Delete any inappropriate social media pics and make your social media private. 

2. Use a Professional enough email for your resume

3. When you find a job you want to apply for, go on linkedin and look up people who work there (bonus points for HR). Message them and mention how much you’d like to work there and ask if they have any advice for applying for the open position.  

4. 48 hours after applying...CALL and follow up on your resume. Just keep asking the front desk or whoever you get transferred to for HR. 

5. Think if you have any family friends who are older and established and reach out and ask if they know of any open jobs. 

I have more but you can message me if you have specific questions and ill try to help."
"Yeah it’s been rough. 

I work in the film industry on the special effects end and we’ve been furloughed since July. There were some small projects going on till October but now it’s absolutely dead with no signs of returning till March. 

And I’m saying the whole industry, not just me and my team. 

Like the city of New York has not shot a single thing because nobody will put up the bond to insure a shoot right now. 

Even films that have been shot and are awaiting post production can’t get out of editing because: 1.) the editing houses are not safe to have people in and 2.) there’s no demand from Netflix/studios to release because there’s no theatre to release these films to. 

So we wait. 

And wait. 

And wait. 

Meanwhile the only companies that are surviving are the small ones (zero overhead and virtual servers) and the massive ones (own their real estate and can diversify) which entirely shifted the landscape. 

Needless to say it’s been a shit year"
"Yep, admittedly that's why I've been more disappointed in this season so far than I have in any Ravens season in a long time. On top of the success of last season, the nightmare of this year made me look forward to football even more as a means of escape. I think we'll do good though"
"Keep grinding dude, these are unprecedented times, but things will come roaring back."
"Mental health is hitting hard. I used to just be annoyed at the toxicity in NFL pages / groups but this year in particular has some extra chaotic levels of stupid bullshit. 

This nfl sub is the only place I discuss ravens or nfl period outside of live viewing the game."
"Hasn’t been too tough all things considered, but I just graduated with my masters and job openings in my field are looking pretty slim due to hiring freezes and most people probably not leaving their job right before Christmas. 

Best of luck to you and go Ravens!"
""
I wish TJ and Weddle were still around to call him Marvin and roast him for these kind of tweets
Actually making crappy predictions and hot takes is an analyst’s job so nvm carry on
"He used to do a movie critic thing on his twitter pre-covid, good times..."
Damn every single one wrong lol
""
"Good guy, we could use him right about now. 😬"
"Respect. Hope he gets better, depression is hell"
"Awesome player, hope he gets PAID after his rookie deal is up"
I miss him :(
This kid is speed. Hear he’s happy in Atlanta
Very cool Adam
"Ik this post seems crazy but I can feel it. I'm talking 150-200 yards and 3 td.... browns gonna have em lookin like Julio Jones

I Know i know this is crazy I truly get it. But i genuinely believe he's going crazy tmr"
Inb4 0 targets
"Dudes gotta get on the field first my dude.

Hes struggling to get himself in the rotation and with Boykin showing out last week and Snead back it's going to be hard for him to make his way into a crowded rotation.


I love the dude though just dont see him being in any wr sets yet"
"I'd love to see it, but if anyone is going off tomorrow it's Andrews. Legitimately no idea how they defend him with Ward and Harrison both out."
We’d be lucky if Proche had three TARGETS lol
"Interesting statistic: Proche has been targeted 3 time this season, 2 ending up as pick 6’s."
"Harbaugh doesn't like using rookies except on special teams. It's super annoying because it's not like they're going to get better at skill positions without game reps. And I hate the argument that they don't know the playbook. They can surely learn ten plays before the season starts to be useful in a few different scenarios, or maybe they're not nfl level talent.

In short, not a chance Proche goes off. He can't get on the field, and when he does get a play on offense, it's literally the same damn play."
"No way this happens, but I completely understand the feeling.  Guy who hasn't done much will just go crazy lol."
"This sub and overhyping everyone who’s not god enough to be a starter, is more likely. Buck, Proche, McSorry"
Surely you must know this isn’t going to happen? You’re being sarcastic right? I really hope this is sarcasm.
This sub and hyping up depth receivers lol
On the flip side I think Njoku is going to be a big factor tomorrow idk why
I think this would be a long shot for Hollywood even and he’s our most likely wr target if Sendejo is covering
"Bruh, nah."
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
Who do we root for?
"Raiders, we own the tiebreaker over the Colts so seeing them get to 9 wins would be kind of a disaster even if the Raiders would then be tied"
Raiders 100%. Need colts to not win their division
Raiders
Perhaps a tie would help us most of all? Colts don’t get another win and then we have strength against LV with wins against a common opponent.
"If we beat the Browns, a Raiders win benefits us more. If we lose to the Browns, a Colts win is better."
"Raiders. Colts winning their division would be horrible for us even at 11-5. 

Then, if the dolphins lose today, that would mean the dolphins vs raiders game would pretty much guarantee us to control our own destiny (again barring the colts don’t win the division with the Titans tied with us)."
Ok so Raiders need to win today and lose against the Dolphins now that they lost today?
"I think colts because we have a tie breaker against them, but not the raiders"
[deleted]
"Delete this. It’s probably too late / all over the internet already... but

we could be fined a draft pick if the nfl deems the lax mask wearing a repeat offense"
I know people shit on marcus some times but he is honestly one of my favorite ravens ever already.i wish we had marcus and steve smith on those early 2000s teams against Pittsburgh 2 players who will trash talk with no fucks given
""
"Anyone?? All the Ravens were slipping, browns weren't?"
Browns are probably used to that shit surface so their cleats didn’t need any changes.
"Harbaugh said in the press conference that the field was actually fine, it was just a different kind of grass that they weren't used to. He actually named the different types of grasses."
Browns were but nowhere near as much
Let the home team do home team shit.. seemed like a ploy to stop Lamar.
Been thinking that too. Browns had special cleats on for real. Noticed that during the game. Browns are just pure shit.
""
"Let's give this guy the huge respect he deserves. Yes Lamar coming back to get a TD and then into range was amazing, but what is range for Tucker is not range for most kickers. If it wasn't him 55yrds is not happening. We are very lucky to have the master kicker on our team and with the season on the line, at long range after a block last kick... he just punches it in. What a man."
Very large truss
Lamar could have gone closer in my opinion
[deleted]
"I DMed hollywood that he did good and I got a follow request. I screenshotted it and he unfollowed but, he DMed back"
"That’s pretty cool. I think followed you to DM you, you must have the setting that doesn’t allow non followers to send you messages."
Lol I had Patrick queen following me for a good two months 😂
TD
Ed Reed is following me which is nice
[removed]
"Im a die hard Ravens Fan from Europe and got up at 6am today to watch the game in full length, just after it ended. Roughly around half time, an Instagram notification popped up on my phone on which I watch the games, saying marlon started an IG live. He only does these when we win so I was 95% sure we won, which saved me from multiple heart attacks which most of you guys probably had to endure. Nevertheless, it was still the most exciting and nervewracking game I’ve seen in a while and had my pulse at 180, I love this team and sport 💜"
Yeah but those heart attacks made this the best game of the year
"I'm from Europe too, thankfully I'm in college and I'm not having classes anymore. Stayed up until 7 am cuz I  couldn't sleep after that nerve-wrecking game"
Ravens fans in Europe!!! What a win!
"Dude... I had to sit through those heart attacks while also already being up from 6 am, the one 24 hours before your 6 am.... hahaha."
""
There goes his game money
i love marlon humphrey so much
""
I thought Koch was our emergency backup.
""
This was a good week for football :)
and this is why you wait until after the game to do things like that on another teams logo
Please tell this got posted to the steelers sub too
He is so fucking cringe. Most hated player in the NFL for me.
😂😂😂
Got what he deserved after saying imagine getting stiff armed 10 yards after we played them
JuJu's identity is fumbling the game away. Did it in 2018 against the Saints. Did it again last year against us. He's the biggest fraud.
Oh so now were Tik Tokers?
"What a dipshit ""fuck the Steelers"""
[deleted]
"Essentially there are 2 conditions:

1. We have to win out (Beat JAX, NYG and CIN) to go 11-5
2. Miami must lose one game out of NE, LV, BUF **or** Colts lose one game out of HOU, PIT, JAX.

Assuming we win out, I think it's very likely that Miami either drops a game to Buffalo or Las Vegas or that the colts lose to Pittsburgh.

Worst case scenario, if the Steelers beat the browns in the last week, they'd also be 11-5 and we could take their spot based upon divisional record / head to head.

Long story short, we win out and we just require the Colts, Browns and Miami to not have perfect finishes, which would be **extremely** unfortunate. There's still that unfortunate situation where we go 11-5 and we're the 8 seed and out of the playoffs in the AFC."
I’m not gifted enough but I think tonight’s antics lend themselves well to a meme of either Lamar in the locker room with “mcsorely’s secret stuff” bc he came out throwing instead of running. Or the Mr. Miyagi fire and smack hands together scene to get LJ’s legs working again. Just my thoughts after watching the 4th quarter at work hiding in a truck I was supposed to be unloading behind some pallets so I wouldn’t get in trouble. I scared the shit out of coworker when Tucker hit that shit.
I just wanna see Lamar coming out of the locker room with Hulk Hogan's music playing
""
"OK.  Who had 89 points, 9 combined rushing touchdowns (tying a NFL record), and a partridge in a pear tree?   Let’s see how the guessers fared…

#Week 14 Results

|Score|Guess|Result|
|:--|:--|:--|
|+6|Final Score| 47 - 42 Ravens|
|+3| Total RAVENS RUSHING touchdowns | 5 |
|+1| Total RAVENS field goals | 1 |

#scoring

|Earns|Winner(s)|
|:--|:--|
|+6| none |
|+3| none |
|+1| u/zombiereign u/kevin12345420 u/SC0RCHER55 u/iceedEad u/PaulBademeister u/brtte u/Gio52903 u/wheenus|

**Lucky Guess Standings after Week 14**

|Rank|Username|+6|+3|+1|Total Points|
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| 1 | u/MarcusMcGuane              | 0 | 5 | 3 | 18 |
| 2 | u/SC0RCHER55              | 0 | 3 | 6 | 15 |
| 3 | u/zombiereign   | 0 | 3 | 5 | 14 |
| 4 | u/SNRavens91   | 0 | 3 | 4 | 13 |
| 5 | u/kevin12345420              | 0 | 2 | 5 | 11 |
| 6 | u/samvikingo             | 0 | 2 | 3 | 9 |
| 7 | u/AHoneyBC  | 0 | 2 | 1 | 7 |
| 7 | u/RamRod013    | 0 | 1 | 4 | 7 |
| 7 | u/Baroudii   | 0 | 2 | 1 | 7 |
| 7 | u/WillillBDam   | 0 | 1 | 4 | 7 |
| 8 | u/PauleBademeister    | 0 | 0 | 6 | 6 |
| 9 | u/toners889   | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 9 | u/wheenus  | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 10 | u/GandalfTheSilverFox              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/Juggling_T_Rex             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/ColoradoRavensFan              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/JayJayfortheRavs             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/SurfPlumber   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/PimpDaddyGrimes   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/KaiShep   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/t_mills42   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/IcelandicRaven   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/rvnblt    | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 10 | u/Skimperman   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 11 | u/Folby_Orb   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/NaanBradOSRS   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/acemanico   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/Ioanni_hackvirtus  | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/peanutburger   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/FricknPlausible   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/gnarkilleptic   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/CarelessCompetition   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/Gio52903   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/680Man   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/B_Boll   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 11 | u/unseth   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 12 | u/No0ther0ne    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 12 | u/SheUsedToLoveMe   | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 12 | u/zaraxia101    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 12 | u/wordiestfurbal    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 12 | u/einRabe    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 12 | u/Gio52903  | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 13 | u/King_Clitorus    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/YEAH_J22TS   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/iceup17    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/Mrusername   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/TheProGamer77   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/ogdonut    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/gboccia   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/Cryophobiaa    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/Paraxom   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/steamyjeans33    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/JohnWachter    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/DySyncZ    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/therealmattmurdock    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/boiler1101   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/fuzz_nose   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/iceedEad   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 13 | u/brtte   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |

#Week 15

# Jacksonville (1-12) @ Ravens (8-5)

**Guesses submitted after 12/20/20 at 1pm EST will not be counted.**

**Scoring will be as follows:**

* 6 points: final score (with winner)  
* 3 points: Total RAVENS PASSING touchdowns
* 1 point: Total RAVENS field goals

#Good luck!"
"View in your timezone:  
[12/20/20 at 1pm EST][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20201220T1800?tl=Lucky%20Guess%202020%20(Week%2015)"
"34-13 Ravens

3 passing TDs

2 FG"
"28-13 Ravens Win
2 Passing TD’s 
1 Ravens FG"
"Ravens 34-16

2 Passing TD

2 FG"
"Ravens 44-20
4 Passing TD
3 Field Goals"
"Ravens 38 - 13

2 Pass td

1 FG"
"44-7 Ravens

3 passing TDs

3 field goals"
"49 - 6 Ravens

7 PASS TDs

0 Ravens FGs"
"34-17 Ravens 

2 passing TDs 

2 Ravens FGs"
[removed]
Yessir they did that last night how Lamar came out of nowhere like that it showed why he is the unaimous MVP
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
Baker is nothing without Chubb. Lamar is our offense.
I was just arguing with a browns fan he was nothing but salty and saying stuff that we hear on a regular basis people like that really make the browns organization look very bad
Par for the course for us. Baker also complains to the refs all the fucking time like another overrated sys(TOM) QB.
"You, your facts and statistics to back them up.  Next thing you know, you'll bring out >10000 scientific studies that show influenza immunizations to be safe.

I just trust my own instincts.  /s"
"You see these Browns fans you speak of, we’ve been acquainted with them for quite some time. After years of studying them, I have determined that these specimens don’t have the ability to use reasoning and logic. I think this can be explained through evolution, where they have been supporting a team that has been awful for so long that their brains have devolved."
Browns have weapons all over the place and arguably the best offensive line.  Let’s see what Lamar looks like with that
"That is how a Browns fan has to think. Back when we beat them in week 1, people were saying Baker was the 4th best QB his draft class and division. They’re desperate for a winning season and anything that resembles a well run team."
To be fair the Browns got to a slow start with a new coach/offensive system and no offseason. I’d still take Lamar all day but it’s not an apples to apples comparison this season.
Yeah crazy to see people still doubting Lamar and praising Baker after that game
"I'm a big Lamar fan. He does have accuracy issues, but it's way more than compensated by his running and overall play making ability. He doesn't really have to be as accurate as pocket passers. I don't know why commentators /fans refuse to acknowledge this. Wide receivers are going to be open more, therefore Lamar is going to make more completions."
""
"Ravens media has compiled the 25 greatest game to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Ravens, I respectfully request their panel reconvene to add last nights Ravens/Browns game!

That has to be a Top 10, maybe Top 5 game!"
Top 5? How long have you been watching?
"Depends on how the season ends in order to rank this game tbh. If we go all the way and win the Superbowl, definitely a top 10 game at least"
"25? easy.

10? Maybe. I would have to think about it.

5? Nah. Probably not."
Whew.. lol
-igami
Scoragami
"Hey Ravens, I come in peace. I just wanted to say GOOD GAME. This game was the best football game I’ve ever watched, and in the end, the game of kickers took it down to the end, followed by that final revival by Lamar. 

I hope we could earn your respect tonight, that’s all I ask. I think we both have deep play-off teams, and I wanna see us both represent the AFC, and TAKE DOWN THE STEELERS.

Congrats on the game, but just be ready for the next time we meet!"
"Dear Browns Fan,

Fuck the Browns. I do respect your team this year for sure. Tons of talent that has really come a long way. The AFC North is a force to be reckoned with minus the Bungalos. I still hate your team but indeed hate the Steelers even more. So fuck you both. 

I’m sorry, this is just the way it is."
""
Credit to /u/sweetdaddyjoemama for creating this masterpiece.
Remember the scene from daddy day care when Eddie Murphy walks into the bathroom after the kid shits and he’s got that horrified look on his face
[deleted]
"Just wanted to state this now... 

&#x200B;

My top ideal prospects at WR for Ravens to target:

1.) Rashod Bateman

2.) Terrace Marshall

3.) Tamorrion Terry

&#x200B;

I'm all for best available player... but I wouldn't mind a reach in 1st to lock any of these guys. Bateman is like Keenan Allen - maybe not the fastest but knows how to get open and has hands. Marshall seems to be able to carry the load as number 1 - reminds me of J.Jefferson a lot! ScaryTerry is a speedster but also big body. Can get the contested balls but also burn deep routes. All have their cons but I think what we need is one of these boys and maybe a vet FA that still has gas in the tank (Similar to how we brought in Mark last year) and that also played in 2020. 

&#x200B;

Is there anyone you have your eyes set on as future Ravens that you could see available later in rounds?"
He's more of a project than Creed Humphrey or Josh Myers but if we're drafting a center early I want Tyler Linderbaum from Iowa. [Super athletic](https://twitter.com/BigTenNetwork/status/1337909214140792833) and a [mean finisher](https://twitter.com/nobrnheaven/status/1196099018641809409).
"I genuinely do not want a WR and just want us to address it in FA, because the Ravens will fuck it up and I know they will fuck it up.  Draft a TE this class is loaded and we can carry 3-4 (depending if Breeland does good in camp)."
"The Ravens can’t draft or develop a WR. Look at their last 2 first round receivers: Hollywood Brown who can’t catch and looks like a midget out there. And Breshad Perriman who has his best season once he was traded to the Jets.

Ravens need to sign one on FA because they sure as hell can’t draft or develop players"
"Devonta Smith from Alabama would be amazing , but doubt he falls to us. We keep winning"
"We’re famous for not being able to develop receivers. 

Everyone agrees we need a big 6’+ WR who can catch consistently, but we’re better off signing someone like that who already has experience. Cuz we can’t develop at all. Use the draft picks to rebuild the O line, that means Lamar doesn’t have to scramble constantly and gives him time to make more accurate throws. Getting some better defense might help too."
[deleted]
"What an emotional roller coaster that mofo was! I’d like to apologize for my own negativity in the game thread, the Steelers and Browns bring it out of me. Anyway, let’s look at the game: 

Defense: (I know, I usually start with O but defense was by far our worst unit)

LBs - we have great, thumping linebackers who are great run defenders. What we don’t have are LBs who can cover in the passing game. Queen struggles mightily in pass coverage, and while Fort is usual within range, he doesn’t have the speed or athleticism. This is a major problem. Generally to solve this you would put another DB in, but we’re quickly running out of those. 

Pass Rush - the pass rush was up and down all night. Sometimes them generated a ton of pressure, sometimes they were nonexistent. Sadly, they were nonexistent more than anything. Baker consistently rolled out to his right (which Wink made no adjustment for) to avoid our aggressive blitz scheme, or dumped it to the screen. On the plays where we got pressure, we just couldn’t finish. Sacks aren’t everything but in last nights game they could of been the difference between a relaxed 4th or the ride we went on. I don’t think I need to exam players individually, this seems to be where they all were. Shout out to Bowser for a great int where he fooled Baker. 

CBs - the secondary as a whole was a major issue for us last night, and this is becoming a trend I really don’t care for. Marlo played well, forced a couple fumbles and had the game ending safety. But he gave up some long passes as well. Peters is who we knew he was. He’s a gambler, the frustration is that he hasn’t paid off in a long time. He’s also clearly trying to play through an injury. Harris got beat like a red headed stepchild, they picked on him most the game. I don’t want to ride him to hard though, guy hasn’t seen much action. I love Jimmy, I appreciate that he’s trying to play through, but until he can make it a whole game maybe he should chill. 

S - Chuck Clark may have a fantastic football IQ, but he often takes himself out of plays. Where he should be safety help, he’s often pressing the line or takes the wrong assignment. This may be faith in our corners, I don’t know, but Peters needs safety help over the top. Elliot is a hard tackling mauler...half the time. He isn’t a good coverage safety and doesn’t have the play recognition skills for his role. He’d be a hell of a LB in coverage though, shorten the field where he is playing on, instead of coming up from the safety spot. 

The D Line - They played alright, they were up and down a lot. Campbell gets more pressure then our OLBs, which if he were healthy would probably be okay. He’s clearly playing hobbled. BWill did well swatting down passes, but was getting pushed back a lot. The Browns had just about 140 yards rushing, not a terrible day (playing Chubb and Hunt) but not great. The easy TDs for them on the goal line however are concerning, mainly that they aren’t getting a push in the trench to allow our LBs to make a play on the runner. 

Overall the defense just didn’t play well. They are injured (though trying to toughen it out) and frankly sloppy. Our blitz heavy scheme is either our savior or doom. 

The offense: 

QB - First, a moment of silence for Trace, hate to see that happen. Hopefully he’s okay. Now onto Lamar freaking Jackson. Lamar balled out last night. His mechanics looked better on most of the few passes he attempted, and he just embarrassed Cleveland with his legs. His errant pass to Andrews (a guaranteed TD) is very frustrating but we know he struggles with passes outside the numbers. Lamar doesn’t set his feet like most QBs, I wonder if that’s why his touch is off. His late game heroics aside, Lamar has put this team on his back as of late, he is the heart of our team. 

WR - we didn’t pass much so this group is hard to look at. Snead/Boykin did okay with their limited opportunities. Brown continues to be questionable to say the least. Yes, I’m aware he had the long TD to save the night essentially but let’s not overlook that he consistently drops critical passes. Is is capable of being a great receiver? Yes, I truly think he is, the problem is two fold in my eyes: he wants to run before he secures the ball, and he doesn’t catch with his hands. 

TE - it was good to have Andrews back. He came up huge for us on several occasions. Tomlinson wasn’t great, he was mainly out there to block, and got blown up a few times. He is also a practice squad call up, so probably not completely on him. 

FB - Ricard is a run blocking machine. That’s it. Not much else to look at.

RB - Mark Ingram didn’t have a carry, not a one. This is what this team needs to show, a willingness to change. I love Mark, and while I’m not happy he’s no longer good for us (as a runner) this is the right move. Gus and JK are just too talented to not use. Gus had some big scores last night, on the second one he actually had his blocked miss their assignment but made a gorgeous cut to get to the end zone. JK is shifty, and I’m excited to see what he becomes. My only complaint about this group (and this isn’t even on them so much) I’d really like us to scheme to get Dobbins some room to run. Gus is a downhill power back, Dobbins has high athleticism and can make crazy cuts. 

Oline - honestly, they didn’t play exceptionally or anything but they did alright. Most of Cleveland’s “sacks” were because of us falling or bad decision making. They cleared small lanes in the run game, but our backs are good enough to take them. Bozeman is a phenomenal pulling linemen. He sprung Gus lose on his big run at the end of first half. In pass protection they were up and down, per usual. Thanks fully we went with their strength and ran the ball. 

Special teams: 

K - Tuck is a kicking god, end analysis. 

P - Koch placed some good punts, to keep the field position game from killing us. 

ST - no one let anyone run it back 60 so I’ll take it. Coverage actually looked good, returners for both teams didn’t have much space to work it. 

Coaching: 

Harbs - I don’t know why Harbs didn’t challenge the Hunt catch, maybe they had a better look then we did.  Other than that, he used the timeouts at the end at the appropriate time. 

GRo - Unpopular opinion but GRo didn’t call a terrible game. Did he make some bonehead calls? Oh yes, like throwing your backup QB in to attempt three passes (even if that Brown drop was a good pass and play). Or starting the half with 3 straight. We have to pass obviously, I just have trouble seeing the methodology when we do call some of our passes. The run game
was well coordinated. The last drive for the win was so well called and executed. However, I’m curious if Lamar was calling the plays in that situation. 

Wink - We ran a blitz heavy scheme as always. Wink will live and die by it, I’ve come to accept that. What I can’t accept is the zone coverage scheme he is insistent on running. Our secondary as a whole is so much better in man coverage, which you can actually see in this game. We held them well in man, but got picked apart in zone. Wink is a great coach, but this lack of adjustment irked me. 

Final - We won! That was a crazy game and we needed it. There is a still a long road ahead, and nothing is guaranteed, but this one was the one massive “?” for us. We are still trying to get healthy, and that will determine a lot as well. 

Let me know if there is anything I forgot. I look forward to to discussing with the flock. (Forgive typos) 

As always Fuck the Steelers, and today, Fuck the Browns!"
"Good points as usual. I can’t blame the defense that much many of them are recovering from covid or coming back from injury and the loss of guys in the secondary was very evident. Wink needs to stop blitzing so much tho the browns easily countered this just like the chiefs always do. I somewhat disagree with your point about roman because we were scoring this game simply due to Lamar’s talent not romans plays. Our pass plays are still fucking trash and our 2 biggest pass plays, the mandrews one to set up the td and the Hollywood td were both off broken plays created by Lamar’s athletic ability. That one lamar miss to mandrews could’ve changed the game but we scored on the pick anyways. We got a lot of holes rn but I’m just sitting back and enjoying the ride right now that was one of the most exciting games I’ve ever seen. But yeah this off-season we have big questions on whether to keep judon, yannick, whether to pick up an fa wr, whether we should draft a wr, ol, or pass rusher. But this game is one of those games that builds ridiculous momentum and confidence going forwards"
"The Hunt catch was legit. He dragged the left foot before he picked it up and went out of bounds. I had to rewind a couple times bc I missed it.

> GRo - Unpopular opinion but GRo didn’t call a terrible game. Did he make some bonehead calls? Oh yes, like throwing your backup QB in to attempt three passes (even if that Brown drop was a good pass and play). Or starting the half with 3 straight. We have to pass obviously, I just have trouble seeing the methodology when we do call some of our passes. The run game was well coordinated. The last drive for the win was so well called and executed. However, I’m curious if Lamar was calling the plays in that situation. 

Tied 7-7 he leaned far too heavily on the pass, we went 3 n out without attempting a run. I get that Lamar and the offense need to execute but it's just a bad idea. 2nd and 21 he called back to back runs, and yea keeping the clock moving was important but he should have at least tried. I'm also not giving him credit for the Andrews catch or the Hollywood TD, those just looked like good improv after a busted play. I could be wrong, but just because a play ""works"" doesn't mean it was a good play design."
"That was an amazing win last night and the best win the Ravens have had all season. Lamar looked like 2020 LJ, not what we've been seeing all season. However, I don't want a big win to hide the fact that the defense was trash. This is the worst-looking Ravens D I ever remember seeing. If we're not getting turnovers, then we look terrible. WRs should NEVER be as wide open as they are against our defense. The tackling wasn't terrible last night, but there have been games where you could tell guys were giving up on the play by making the softest tackles they possibly could.

With the FO investing as much money  in this defense as they did, while not landing a single big WR FA...the outcome hasn't lived up to the price tag. This is a different league and I feel like the Ravens FO is behind the curve when it comes to building a complete offense because they're stuck in the past thinking they can throw money at the defense and that'll be enough. Defensive players can't attack the way they used to because of rule changes.

They need to drop a lot of cash rebuilding this offense this coming offseason with a lot of attention given to the offensive line...especially Center."
If you think this is our worst d you don’t remember 2014 vs the pats playing all no name corners
"Id give the defense some time to get right, keep in mind some of them are coming back from the Rona. 

Plus with the way the defense plays, a top notch secondary is needed and the people are dealing with injures, I mean they pulled Harris(?) For co-cap at the end. Jimmy and Tavon are really missed. 

If they don't show up down the stretch then I'd start to worry."
Bro we put up 47 points! Not every team can be the chiefs. Our d has carried us much of this season.
"I wouldn’t say stop investing. I’d say invest smarter. And also take some time to see how we are using these guys. 

These “exoctic” blitzes are doing nothing. Plenty of teams are getting to QBs without this, so why’s rent we?"
"Last night was just injuries. Defense was making some plays early on, but once attrition set in we were literally throwing nobodies out there and the Browns kept exploiting them. 

I think it's hard to judge the defense because of that. I judge them more for the Titans loss."
"STOP TRYING TO PUNCH BALL OUT AND TACKLE THE DAMN GUY

I can't stand that shit, plus it works maybe 1% of the time, maybe .5% of the time.

Everyone wants to make the highlight reel and no one wants to play D they way it's supposed to be done.

Okay, angry old man rant over with. Grumble, grumble."
""
Browns still have not earned my respect
"Posts like these always make me roll my eyes. 

They’re “trash” because they took us to the brink of eliminating our playoff hopes by forcing us to make a 55-yarder at the end of the game?

Nothing but respect for that team and last night’s effort. Diminishing someone we played our asses off to barely beat doesn’t say much about us, does it?"
"So, in all likelihood this isn’t gonna happen, but...

If the Ravens win out, we’re 11-5

If the Steelers lose out, they’re 11-5

If the Browns lose one of their next two, they’d be 11-5

What are the 3 way tiebreaker rules? Who would win the division and how would the other two be seeded for wildcard weekend?"
We can’t win the division at all
"Steelers own the tie break against us. We have the tie break against Browns.  This hurts to say, but going to be pulling for Steelers.  They can also do us a huge favor by knocking Colts down a win, which is another tie break we have."
"So when we do start talking about the Ravens going after Kaepernick?
I'm not saying I'm for or against him, just that they may need another backup QB, and I'm not sure who else is available....."
"Jeff Z said they’ll go with Huntley behind Lamar. It would take him most of two weeks to be able to dress, will probably have RG3 back by then."
He doesn't want to play for slave owners
"I knew this conversation was going to come up today.  It makes sense in some ways but let's be a little realistic.  Regardless of the fact that his girlfriend called Bisciotti a slave owner and Ray Lewis an Uncle Tom, and the controversy surrounding him, the dude hasn't stepped on the field in years."
No way the Ravens sign him after his girlfriend’s remarks. He might already be on the team if it weren’t for her.
"if he was willing to take a vet minimum backup contract, he would have been signed a while ago"
"Nah, first off he probably wouldn't sign with us and if he would he would want way more than what he's worth. Honestly, I think our best bet would be Jordan Ta'amu as a late addition backup QB. He's a decent rusher, although his passing ability is semi questionable. But he definitely could fit into our offensive scheme"
Anyone but that guy
Why do people still think Kap can play?? Last time he was a starter he was garbage. He’s not on a team because he’s not good anymore. Not because it’s some conspiracy from him kneeling
[deleted]
[deleted]
"The expectations for Lamar are extremely high. Remember when he missed 2 throws in a row last night? Many people wanted him gone right at that very moment (and yes, I know the majority of these voices are just idiots). Btw those bad throws were the direct result of his cramps.

He's just being measured completely differently like the rest of the players in the league. Not sure why, but if Brady has a horrible game, it's OK. If Mahomes throws 3 INT in a single game, it's just a bad day. If LJ8 misses a few, it's about to start looking for qb draft prospects"
"I think the inflated offense of the past 5-10 years has raised your expectations of QB passing numbers too much. 275 yds, 3 TDs *is* a great game, we just expect 400+ yards and 4+ TDs now when in years past that would have placed you on the all-time leaderboard.

Lamar just seems like a cheat code because he’s having these great games in such a different way that the league hasn’t seen before, at least not to this degree. Even if you compare him to the great running QBs of the past, these performances are still all-time marvels."
I think context is really what matters here - the Browns were doing everything they could to contain him and he beat them anyways. That's a scary D-line against a struggling O-line and it showed... but he beat them anyways. It was so clear from watching that he willed those stats into being.
"Is tackling getting worse because the players are constantly trying the Fruit Punch?

Is it worth it?"
"Marlon does it correct. Tackle first, punch second"
"It’s not worth it. If the opportunity is there and you can still get the guy on the ground, then go for it. 

This defence needs to go back to basics. Wrap the guy and bring them down. Play aggressive but play smart. 

The defence is a huge liability. Second week they’ve played soft and been bullied by receivers. It doesn’t help we get very little pressure on the QB. The whole unit needs to step up."
To be honest with you I think this defense knows they are too banged up to stop anybody so they are trying to steal possessions. Maybe I'm wrong but yeah we give up a lot of plays trying to punch the ball out instead of tackling.
"Feels worth it. The boys had like 3 forced fumbles last night, just didn’t get the recoveries. Don’t remember yelling wrap him up at any point last night but maybe I forgot it all cause of that bad ass win!"
[deleted]
"It was a clean game, there's absolutely zero negative vibes between the players, which is just so good to see (no lying on the opponent for 30 seconds, no dancing on logos etc). Professionalism at every aspect."
I know there is a lot of hype from the media about how this was the best game of the season.  But it was absolutely the best game of the season!
"Also a Browns fan and came here to say this. Great game, great respect by the players for each other too. Good game. 

Here's to years more."
"Still so pumped about the game last night. It was terrific seeing Gus/JK get a ton of snaps and our dedication to the run game. I've been on the subreddit all morning, and I haven't seen Roman's name come up in any of the posts since the game ended. Really seems like he is just the scapegoat when things aren't working well...

I thought he adjusted our game plan and really got back to our strengths, but I wanted to see what everyone else thought."
[deleted]
"His pass game concepts and design are still horrible. Lamar missed the deep ball to Andrews and underthrew the one to Hollywood, albeit Garrett was in his face, but every other big play in the pass game was off script and not designed."
"He is still to blame. Lamar is 100% bailing him out time and time again.

He’s not always bad. He stuck much better to the run when it was working. But Trace came out taking a run and throwing. That was beyond idiotic for your third string QB to have to do when you’ve shown all game you can run the ball. His second drive when we did run the ball was much better. It bought us time. 

It’s little things like this which is why he is to blame. He does some good stuff, and he does some real head scratching stuff. This inconsistency is what kills momentum and puts your team in a bad position. 

Not every play called is going to be lights out, but he doesn’t make it easy for himself or the team."
"He called several horrible drives, he isn't off the hook"
"It's moments where he not to blame because it works. But even the commentators commented we need to change our scheme when facing higher powered offenses. Greg Roman calls become stagnant against teams that can score easily, plus the game was close which fit our style, but he has a hard time adapting to scenarios changing or when our gameplan fits the other teams strength. When things are not working, he doesn't change up or adapt. I feel everyone here can reference the titans game. We was unable to exploit there pass defense because we focused on our run first mentality. Or when he had Lamar throwing the ball in pouring rain in Gilette. He has moments that makes us scratch our heads and take L's."
Lamar Jackson is making Greg Roman look good.
"Roman is still a miserable play caller in key situations. Why do we continue to force so many pass attempts when we have a four headed monster at RB? The best play call was the run for that 2 pt conversion with Ricard, Dobbins and Gus all in the backfield. Good luck figuring out who has the ball with that group. 

Also he played Ingram for one snap in a division rivalry game which is foolish. And he completely abandoned the run game when Trace went in and got hurt."
"Alright I’ll be honest. We’re still high on the win and suddenly willing to overlook the rest of the season. 


There’s worse OCs than Roman, he’s good with the running game, but he’s frequently made terrible play calls and constantly abandoned the run when we really needed it. We’ve tried so many deep passing plays that clearly never worked, aside from the occasional fluke catch by Hollywood. JK got touches last night but we spent all season yelling at Roman to give JK the ball. Glad he did, but it shouldn’t have taken this long for Roman to realize how good jk is. I also think we should use Gus more. 

Roman had a surprisingly ok night yesterday, but it’s way too late in the season for that to happen. The fact that we’re all genuinely surprised “wow guys Roman actually didn’t fuck us too bad” proves that. It was gonna be a close game, but we got the win cuz of Snead, Lamar, Hollywood & tucker. Andrews was good too. The defense was awful yesterday- Wink is good but we DESPERATELY need to learn how to tackle. Like ASAP. They were diving everywhere and missing tackles on every play. 

We got this win cuz Lamar did his thing, and cuz tucker is unbeatable. Credit to Roman for not egregiously fucking up, but he’s not who deserves credit for the win."
"Hollywood’s hands need work (he stepped up last night at the end but he’s still dropped and bobbled frequently), but he needs better routes. Hollywood’s not a bad player, but he’s used the wrong way. His speed is what makes him good, so if he’s running crap routes he’ll never get open. Which makes your star WR totally useless."
"Lamar bails out Roman constantly. If Lamar wasn’t amazing at scrambling and getting yards, we’d be toast. Even though we beat the Steelers without Lamar, not having him there was awful. Same with last night. Nothing against trace, but not having Lamar’s presence there really brings the team down."
"I've also seen EVERYWHERE that Roman doesn't scheme up his receivers to get open. Can someone elaborate on what that actually means?

It seems like the WR core was able to get open more last year. What changed?"
""
""
""
"After a drunken drive home, Jim beat his wife up, kicked his dog ""Barker Mayfield"" and polished off yet another 12-pack of Bud Light Lime.

But nothing could erase the soul-crushing moment of Lamar Jackson coming out of the tunnel..."
LMAO DEAD
""
"I think he had a bandage on his left arm after he came back meaning he had an IV injection so maybe he really didn't need to take a shit, who knows"
[deleted]
My favorite of all time ending to a Ravens game.
""
"Home girls talk too much, then disappear when they play the Ravens"
God they were so LOUD after that win. 3-0 against them since
Clowns
"Loved when a commentator said last night after a good CLE play: “that’s some good ol’ Cleveland football” but in reality what Cleveland football is, is having a QB-less team, more HC hires/fires than I could count and 2(?) ownership changes... all within what, 10-20 years?"
"Browns fans are so easy to forget their guys were the ones to start this feud. I love the ""homegirls"" nickname I hate the spitting incident. To me, MP brings an edge but can take it too far."
"From what we have seen this year, who all do we think is making the Pro Bowl?"
Currently the only Raven leading at his position is Chris Board on special teams
"Nobody, we're going to the Super Bowl!

But seriously, Humphrey and Tucker should be shoe-ins. Peters, Campbell and Ingram probably shouldn't make it but likely will because they're popular amongst players and coaches. Lamar, Brown Jr, Williams, Judon, Ngakoue and Andrews have a shot too."
Lamar board Campbell Humphrey tucker
Ricard?
"Browns Fan Here. Want to say that was a hell of a game, and I think the AFC North will see some great football for years to come. Congrats on keeping your postseason hopes alive. FTS."
"Respect for not saying that coming in peace shit, I’m pretty sure these were the games we all envisioned when Lamar and Baker were selected on the same night"
"It was a legendary game. Really glad I got to see it live. I’m happy af the ravens won, but Cleveland had a solid game. Really thought it was over till the end. Respect to the franchise for turning it around. As always, FTS"
"We already killed you last night, no need to do so again."
[deleted]
No
What is this trash lmao
""
"I would imagine they have a bathroom much closer in the tunnel, right?  Serious question I guess since I don’t know"
When you're whoopin on the Browns and feel something running down...
""
My favorite is when he pulled dababy on the field after kicking a field goal last year
The locker room seems like such a great environment - huge win!
The balenciagas lmaoo
"He can kick, catch, sing, dance, is there anything this man can't do?"
Absolutely boolin
My man must pull all the bitches with them moves.
Man I wish I was as cool as our kicker
Get this man some Royal Farms chicken
I heard a rumor that Harbaugh was a special teams coach at one point.
Why did no one tell me I forgot to crop this lol
""
Need more. This is amazing
Lol imagine dez also running to the field to catch that last td
LMAOO
Epic.
BELEEDAT YESSIR
Take it from me: Baker Mayfield's face on not Baker Mayfield's body.
lmao amazinggggggg. well done.
That smug smile made me laugh outloud
This is fucking fantastic!
"Could be cool to see The Fiend and Randy Orton from last week's raw. Having Baker in Trace, lights cut, then you see the lamar give the mandible claw to baker."
This is gold
REST... IN... TRUZZ...
Original vid?
u/savevideo
If u would had added the actual in game audio when the announcers shirts well announced he was on the sideline that woulda been glorious this is awesome too tho
[removed]
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Ravens-almost-gave-me-a-stroke-enr7iq](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Ravens-almost-gave-me-a-stroke-enr7iq)

what an epic game, i couldnt believe what happened"
"You can’t dress 4 corners when 2 of them were already banged up.  Your d line is older and big, they need more guys rotating in.  Why do they keep dressing Welch, Tomlinson, Ingram???

The d is gassed to hell.  They need reinforcements in the secondary and DL."
Ravens didn’t dress Averett ffs just don’t dress Welch or Ingram.  We need to dress Averett for now on hes our fourth best CB when healthy and way better then Harris.
"Welch was active because he's been good on special teams and Tomlinson because he's our only other healthy TE. Don't really agree with playing Welch but I get it, Tomlinson feels necessary. Averett should absolutely have been played over Ingram though."
"Specifically, why was Ferguson and Averett on the bench.  They aren’t great, but you need some depth here."
""
Now you got me tearing up at work...
""
I miss T sizzle
Aww man I miss suggs :(
Heck yeah buddy!!
Oh how I miss suggs 😞
God damn I miss Sizzle
Suggs :(
God damn I miss Sizzle
God damn I miss Sizzle
God damn I miss Sizzle
"I've always wondered, why does Suggs' teeth look like that? Is it a medical disorder or just how he looks ?"
Imagine getting Suggs for just one last season 😩
Ball so hard university
""
Lmaooo I love it and they honestly deserve this shit after last year
MP is fucking ruthless 😂
Not a good look on ignoring the mask thing when being told multiple times given recent events...
""
Don't it feel good to drive a bus? People need to get picked up.
Never forget to thank the bus driver
"I think it's fair to say Lamar Jackson's runs are just as explosive off the field as they are on it. 

Couldn't resist!"
I’m just happy he’s taking off again on Romans obviously busted play calls
I see what you did there.
""
"I remember when we signed him thinking ""if this Tucker guy can be even an OK kicker we'll be able to move on from Cundiff"""
I’m glad I’m not the only one still working out the cundiff trauma in therapy.
"lmao ""Pick me.""  
How have I never seen this before now?"
""
One at a time. Minshew isn’t the best but he can mess around and be deadly
"I like the confidence, but I'm still nervous as hell. I am a believer in the offense again but the defense is so banged up we are struggling to put 11 on the field. I think we have a great shot to win out but I wouldn't be shocked if a couple of these games are really tough."
Don’t count your chickens before they hatch!
Why does cinci have better odds than NY who are actually a decent team
"That's the 8th best single game QBR (It only goes back to 2006, I believe). Lamar now has 4 of the top 10 QBR games in that time span, including the second best.

What's most interesting to me is that most of the top QBR games came in blowouts or comfortable wins.

It's not a perfect stat, but I think it's definitely better than passer rating. It takes into account all aspects of a QB's game and values efficiency over raw output.

It's like Greise kept saying on the broadcast last night. You might look at the box score and think that Baker clearly outplayed Lamar but the stats don't tell the whole story."
"I've already heard a couple people bring up Lamar only having 160 passing yards. Don't listen to people that think volume stats mean anything. If you watched that game last night there was no doubt who the best player on the field was.

I also agree about QBR."
"> It's not a perfect stat, but I think it's definitely better than passer rating. It takes into account all aspects of a QB's game and values efficiency over raw output.

Can you show or explain to me how specifically the formula does this? ESPN keeps it secret.

I agree Lamar brings so much to our offense that doesn't show up in volume passing yards, but QBR is a pointless stat. Unless ESPN gives people a precise explanation of how it's determined, it means literally nothing to me."
""
""
Also the Ravens have half of them with the McNair game.
"Ravens are a QB factory, confirmed."
I'm kind of surprised that Joe Flacco isn't on this list from the 2014 Bucs game where he had 5 touchdowns in 16 minutes
"Got to witness the 2nd greatest QBR performance of All Time live, awesome."
Qbr is bad. Except when lamar has good qbr. Qbr is good. I have always loved Qbr.
"I absolutely love Lamar and I hope we tie him down for many many years. With that said, looking at the names on this list, does anyone else think Total QBR may favour Dual threats QBS? Vick, Lamar, Kaep and maybe McNair(?) count for 7 out of the top 10. 

Happy to be educated on the matter if I'm wrong."
The AFCN has 7 lol.
"I thought qbr went to 158.3, What am I missing ?"
"Also really cool, only 2 of the QB’s on this list are white."
RIP Air McNair
Ahhhh I’ll never forget last years game against the Rams. Was my first time seeing the ravens in the flesh and it was one of the best experience in a while
B-B-But I thought Mahomes was God?!?
LaMaR cAn’T tHrOw
"Wasn't able to watch the game last night. Watched the highlights this morning, though. What a fucking game."
[removed]
Are you trying to tell me that Lamar Jackson is good at this Quarterback stuff?
Fuckkkk 59-10. How could I forget that amazing game?!?
Carson Palmer on there twice shocked me tbh
"Love seeing my man McNair on there, RIP"
hE cAnT pAsS
Mind blown
""
"We have the Mile High Miracle and Hey Diddle Diddle... And I think it's our duty (doody?) as a fandom to name this play. 

Im partial to ""The Cleveland Steamer"" But I've heard some other good ones.

• The Big Brown Hollywood Touchdown

• The Outhouse Route

• Spider 2-ply Banana

• The Touchbrown

• Brown But Not Out

Let's hear 'em boys!"
Brown streaks for a touchdown
The Run and Dump?  The Mudbutt Miracle?
Spider 2-ply Banana is amazing
Dumped to Brown on 4th down
The cleveland comeback?
The Cleveland steamer
The Cleveland Cramper
"I'm of the opinion that we only get to name this play after the super bowl, featuring us winning."
"Steelers fan here

After watching last night, I’m genuinely concerned if we play you guys in January. Lamar looks comfortable again, and the offense is doing something. I’ve been a huge critic of Lamar, though he still hasn’t impressed me with his arm, I feel it’s getting there.

I know that you guys have this mentality that only the games you lose are considered “big games” last night was a huge game, and he delivered. 

Good luck, and fuck you"
Thanks and also fuck you.
Fuck me yourself coward
It’s funny because I wouldn’t be concerned at all to play you guys again
[removed]
Fuck you too
""
"I get that it’s hilarious if he was and he did look like he had the classic “holy shit it’s poking out” run, but I believe he actually was cramping up like he said. I feel like this game is way more impressive for Lamar than people are even giving him credit for. Dude had Covid like a week ago and is obviously not 100% back to his old self and still managed to come in and ball out."
"I think everyone believes it, it’s just a meme"
"Yeah, I'm not sure anyone truly believes it but like Santa, it's way more fun to believe it's true. The instant folklore of Lamar betting Cleveland while the toilet seat is still warm is the fun that we all need during this bleak year. Add in the memes, the Baker bathroom plumbing commercials, and the fact that it was a divisional rivalry game and this thing has more layers than a roll of Charmin."
I've seen a few reports saying he was on an IV drip eventually after being worked which is what took so long
It was cramps its just an easy thing to say bc he just disappeared out of nowhere
Dude came out with an iv bandage. No way he was pooping.
"Bro you can’t fight the memes lol just roll with it 

Honestly no one believes it but it’s funny."
"The run to the locker room looked a little like that run to beat the runs...

But it also looked like he was holding his throwing arm limp and when he reached for the door he did it with his left hand, which is not how a right handed person would reach for a door with a handle on the right side."
Gonna be the same as the Lamar is a rb memes. Only the real fuckin idiots actually think it’s true the rest just like the memes
Am I the only one that wants to believe he was pooping?
I beleive he had cramps poop cramps
"If he didn't make that 3rd down catch from Trace, with 5 min left, we would have punted and probably would have lost the game. He doesn't fill up the stat line always, but Snead is as clutch as the come. So glad we have him."
Love Snead. Always been clutch for us
"Snead has really turned into a reliable receiver, which isn't what I ever expected from him. But I think this also goes to show how badly we need a true #1 while Brown develops. I think we have a great set of #2-4's, and they would all shine if they had that #1 guy opposite them."
That's my QB3
"Definition of a football player. Not a track star, no drama, just work."
Snead has earned my respect.
"Snead is probably my favorite Raven tbh, and I know that may seem ridiculous and hyperbolic. 

I love Lamar, Ingram, Tuck, etc, but Snead is just the fucking man. Dude doesn't cause a ruckus about playtime, targets, etc. He knows his role and does it very well. He's got great hands and is a solid safety blanket route runner. He's physical with blocking or going for contested catches. 

All this, and, from his social media accounts, he seems like a genuinely nice, humble human being. 

What a fucking awesome player and personality to have on the team. I always liked him in New Orleans, and I was so happy when we signed him."
I hope proche can fill that role for us
"Snead has never been “great” but managed to carve out a nice career for himself. This has to be one of his better seasons. Although perhaps not statistically, he has stepped up in a huge way and played tough over the middle and at the WR spot, a quality the Ravens are sorely missing. Love to see him be involved. He’s been ever better this year than last year for us. And he is good for team chemistry. Love me some Snead. He runs like he does some heavy squats."
Feed the Snead
"Honestly, he is the best 3rd down receiver we have had for a long time, probably since Boldin."
"There were a lot clutch moments in that game. The catch by Snead, the 2 point by Dobbins, Andrews stepping up, Hunt taking the TD instead of going down in bounds to keep the clock running, the Mayfield incomplete pass to save a Baltimore timeout. 

There were so many things that happened in the last 7 minutes. This was a ""last possession wins"" type of game and the Ravens caught a few breaks to have 1 minute and a timeout to give Tucker the chance. Honestly, that was a hard fought game by both teams but I'm glad we got the W."
I have a ton of respect for the guy. Came from a pass-happy offense in Nola to Greg Romans offense getting a few targets a game. The guy still plays hard and makes the most of his opportunities. Definitely a true Pro.
"Remember before we had Snead. We had no (once Boldin left) who would attack the ball and make short contested catches in the middle of the field in 3rd and short-medium situations. Snead, an undrafted free agent from the Saints, has supplied exactly that. That’s what he was brought here to do and that is what he has done. I’m not sure if people expected Snead to be a #2 or something and that’s why people get disappointed in him, but I think he has easily been one our best FA signings the past few years and a vital cog in the offense."
Those clutch 3rd down chain moving catches were exactly why the brought him to Baltimore.
We need more Snead. Snead is what everyone needs.
This has always been Sneads M.O. he won't wow you with his numbers but he catches everything thrown to him. He was on of Brees' favorite third down recievers for a reason
"Is there any way we can combine Boykin's size, Hollywood's speed and Snead's hands into a single super-receiver?"
He has filled in as our reliable third down guy. It seems like we've always had a guy that doesn't put up big stats but always shows up on third down to make the catch
FEED SNEAD!
"Whenever I see him grab a pass, he extends so that he looks bigger than his listed height suggests. I keep thinking he's a TE. Keep doing whatever you're doing Willie!"
"In my circles, we call him Mr. Mini-Miracle. Pulls one off once a game"
Great point... his 3rd down catch was low key clutch af
"Snead is clutch and doesn't get the credit, look at him over the years -he's consistently playing in the clutch"
Dude Snead is clutch af I wish he got more targets and we left Hollywood to just do the deep ball shit
Willie Snead is the anti-JuJu.
"Snead is so underrated, and he plays with so much fire and passion. You can tell he loves this team"
ya he was clutch
"One thing I love about Willie is he seems to be a team first guy. Never seems to whine about getting the ball, blocks hard and does the little things to help this team win. I know “gritty” is a bit of a joke when it comes to player roles but it really rings true for him. 

I also think he could be really dangerous if we had a true number one. He does such a great job of finding soft spots in the defense."
""
""
Hahaha
[deleted]
Call it for what it is. A missed call and good recognition by Baker to get the play off. We weren’t playing with 14 players like the announcers made it sound. A couple players didn’t get off fast enough
His team is still sleeping on that football at the goal line
"Ok? And they missed a blatant holding on a critical play late in the game... among MANY other things. 

The officiating tonight was downright dreadful, for both sides."
"This screenshot is before the ball was snapped. You can run guys on and off the field. If you look at the time of the ball being snapped, there was 1 extra guy (Calais) barely still on the field. Hence the challenge"
I never understood how people claim we're the league favorites. Our market is pretty damn small and we don't generate THAT much revenue; especially compared to the Steelers. Like use some logic before you make stupid claims. Lol.
"Steelers OL never gets called for holding, and they can't run the ball without holding"
"Yo!

I'm in my early 30's and never was much of a sports guy. I'm from PA, but have had a lot of family trips to Maryland and really enjoying coming down there. Decided to get into Football at the behest of some of my co-workers who are big sports guys and picked the Ravens as my team. (Maryland + Purple + Raven sells it for me).

That was weeks ago, and last night blew my mind. That was an amazing game and I am incredibly happy to be a supporter of a team like this. Incredibly unique and talented QB, physically rough game play, and my fellow Catholic homeboy Tucker just made me fall in love. 

Since I'm still learning a lot about the sport and the Ravens in particular, can you guys give me some of the best games that they have ever played so I can check some of those out?

Thanks for the recommendations and for letting me in!"
"Rams game from last year got me pretty high! 

Super Bowl run 2012 —us v chargers in regular season, and playoff against Denver 

Any playoff game from flacco era vs patriots (even tho we didn’t come out right side most of those)

Both our super bowls 

This team—with Lamar is different from our legacy. It’s super hard to compare most of our history with the newness that Lamar brings. We’ve always been bullies, run hard/hit hard, kick well. That reminds me 2007 game vs pats when we sucked and Bart Scott threw the ref flag on our way to nearly dethrown-Ing undefeated pats."
"Also our division has been Pitt or us for well over a decade with us getting the better as of recent. We’ve always had a scrub team (cincy or Cleveland) but going forward, this league gonna be tough if Pitt gets anyone decent to replace Ben. Cincy sucks now, but their qb gonna be a real problem—more than baker imo.

Before Lamar era—we’d all say pats were as big a rival as Steelers; going forward we know it’s mahomes and KC—nothing gonna happen till we shake them off."
"Hey all, I have noticed a bunch of other subs do a stickied day after the game thread. 

I would like to see that here so we could have some discussion about outcomes not steeped in emotion after a win or a loss. 

A couple things for me:

The defense has multiple leads this game and let them slip away like Pitt and Tenn games. That is a major concern for me. As good as Lamar can be he isn't always going to be able to play the hero. 

Lamar missed a TD throw to Andrews but came back and was clutch. That Andrews route has shown to be open a lot the past couple of years as he sneaks through the zones. I'd like to see it used until it can be stopped."
I have 0 confidence in this D to get off the field in crucial moments. Browns had like 3-4 4th down conversions and if we stopped any of them the game probably goes very differently.
This defense is gonna cost us a shot of making a deep playoff run. I don’t even see an easy fix. The whole unit seems out of whack.
I went to bed at the end of the 3rd quarter and I’m sorry I did lol
A thread like that would be nice rather than weeding through 100 separate posts that all say the same thing.
""
That guy will always hate this franchise for putting him in his place and showing him the door
Harbaugh must have seriously pissed in that dude’s Wheaties. Maintains a massive hate boner 24/7.
Who is he
""
[deleted]
"Well that's alot better than tearing anything, still, seems like his season is over"
"Feels weird to say that an injury is ""good"" news, but I really thought that looked like an ACL, so I think this qualifies as good news"
""
"After Justin Tucker retires, I could see Younghoe Koo being the top kicker in the league."
People be thinking Younghoe the best in the league just because he's the #1 kicker in fantasy. The disrespect!
"[Here](https://jacob-long.com/post/evaluating-kickers/)'s an article from December 2019, doing a deep dive analysis of 10 years of field goal kicking data. It claims to account for indoor vs. outdoor, among other variables. The writer's conclusion? Justin Tucker made 7.4% more kicks than an ""average"" kicker would make. The next closest was Prater, at a measly 3.0%.

Tucker is not just the best. He is more dominant at what he does than virtually any athlete I can think of, at any sport. He is the Michael Phelps or Usain Bolt of kicking, and I say that without any hesitation or exaggeration. Like with Phelps and Bolt, when you talk about who is the best at their sports, for the many years both were competitive, there was only one answer. Anyone else is at best tied for a distant second."
*Tony Romo has left the chat*
"As a Bronco fan I love McMoney, but Justin Tucker is a different breed."
No Matt Stover? Come on!
Matt prater just a nobody I guess
""
Porn
Dude. Put the nsfw tag on next time
"I wonder how many Browns were going, ""He won't make ***this one***."""
""
[deleted]
"Wasn’t able how watch last night, but I kept reading about a bunch of injuries, can someone catch me up?"
"Lamar got “cramps”

McSorley came in and messed his knee up

Peters had calf issues

Jimmy injured his groin again 
 
Deontae(?) Harris injured something

Everyone was exhausted and tired"
[deleted]
Sundays have sucked without a game on. And I hate staying up late so these later games kill me.
"Honestly, I'm so fucking happy to have some 1pm games again. I do like primetime, but working before, and essentially right after the games, are getting tiring lol.

I just want to wake up, do nothing, make a drink, and watch our boys stunt."
"Wait, we play games on Sundays??"
Finally a Sunday game
I remember how we like never got primetime and I was always upset because we would always be a solid team that makes the playoffs and these shitty teams constantly would get them. But here I am now complaining about too many primetime games lol
Working on 6 days rest for the third time in a row Wed>Tues>Mon>Sun
Now we just gotta not lose any of them. Please don't choke. I don't want a repeat of 2017
"Facts, I didn't fall asleep until 2 a.m. last night and I had a meeting at 9 because my heart rate just couldn't drop soon enough to rest."
I’m happy whenever a ravens game is on but I’m the complete opposite in that I prefer the primetime games. We normally go to church on Sunday mornings and I’m normally back home just in time to start the game ... I like to watch pre-game etc.
I was bummed that I have work and im gonna miss it but then I remembered I probably have covid
Hard agree
I love prime time games. But I also love watching the Ravens as soon as possible... huh.
Definitely better for UK fans like myself
Yeah when you have to get up in just a few hours after the game finishes is exhausting and almost ruins the experience.
I mostly like prime time because I like watching Red Zone as well. I get a better feel for what’s going on around the league if the Ravens aren’t playing on Sunday at 1.
""
This is accurate
""
[deleted]
"Dude - this has been posted so many times. 

No. We can’t."
"No. Steelers swept us, so if both team ends up with 11-5 they win the division (the Browns can still go 12-4 btw)"
"No, if it went to a three-way tiebreaker between us, Pittsburgh and Cleveland at 11-5 the Browns would be out on divisional record (BAL 4-2 vs PIT 4-2 vs CLE 3-3) and then the Steelers would take it on head-to-head. Cleveland can win the division if they go 12-4 and Pittsburgh goes 11-5 but we can only finish second or third."
"The good-

Lamar played like the MVP from last year and looked like a beast.

Tucker still the Goat.

&#x200B;

The Bad-

Dropped passes. Need to work on those hands Brown.

&#x200B;

The Ugly-

The defense. Had a few chances to really put this game to bed (34-20), but some terrible coverages and missed assignments let the Browns make this closer than it should have been. For all his faults, Baker can throw, and if we make the playoffs, expect to see this kind of offensive play from KC and PIT. Defense needs to step up, they've been hot and cold throughout the year."
Hey guys fuckin great game last night. Sucks my guys had to come out on the wrong end of it but such is life. It was amazing to watch regardless and both our fan bases have reason to be proud watching that game. Our teams just put on one of the best regular season games ever.  Obligatory FTS FTR and FTB
"Young boy Lamar is gone. He's now a fully grown, cold-blooded adult who can jog in anytime to win a fucking football game."
"I went to bed at the end of the 4th quarter, and I’m sorry I did lol"
"If the DBs and Dline can get healthy over the last few games. And the offense continues to click like last night, this team can be dangerous. Lamar will take this team wherever they want to go. He showed that last night. The boys needed that game!"
It feels like every single game there are 3 DBs that get hurt
""
Lmao what
"if i was lamar, i'd roll with it. you won the game, and taking a dump before you did is legendary. if we lost than yeah, say its cramps. but i dont think he'll ever be able to convince anyone it wasn't poop. i saw the run to the lockeroom, ive done that run from the car to the house a hundred times. thats incoming mudbutt launch."
"Lamar’s a genuine dude. Watch his post game press conference, he’s not lying. Especially because he partially blamed those two overthrows on the cramping, he wouldn’t lie and make that excuse. Just not who he is."
If he was “pooping” that must have been legendary poop dammit
"What sportsmanship, to take a break in the middle of a game to take your opponent to the Superbowl"
"Curious on that Marlon play, did he actually just give up? or was it a situation where they know they were not going to stop the browns from scoring and thus just ""let"" them have the score? 1:04 with 1 timeout with the way the browns defense was folding?

Never seen Marlon quit on a play so I'm just curious."
If you look back at that play you see that marlo dropped back to cover higgins who beat Chris board. But the missed tackle idk
Idk but it's one of those things where you're mad at the time and happy in the end. Defense didn't exist yesterday for either team. It's a good thing we got the ball back in the second half and didn't commit any turnovers because it was gonna come down to who had to ball last and luckily it was us.
He looked to me like he was expecting more help from somebody on the inside so instead of going for the tackle it looked like he tried to contain him. He looked co fused afterwards and pointed to one of his teammates so I think it was a miscommunication
I think it was just a miscommunication. Looked like he was expecting help.
[deleted]
"Yeah, well.  Lamar Jackson, Gus Edwards, JK Dobbins.  We have an all-world backfield.  This was bound to happen as Dobbins got more comfortable in the NFL."
Pretty crazy. I think it’s clearly the best thing for the team at this point but I can’t help feeling bad for Ingram
"He gone 😞

Thank you for being the newfound heart of the team for the past couple years Mark, really hope we're able to hire him as a coach after he hangs it up"
He should be 4th on the team in carries.
Jk the big play guy. Gus the bus closing things out. Ingram will be rested and beasting for playoffs
"The Ravens have an embarrassment of riches, Dobbins has all the characteristics needed to take advantage of the weird defenses opposing teams come up with to contain Lamar, but Ingram is still a great player in his own right and a team that relies so heavily on the running game can never have too many good runningbacks, Gus Edwards has also hit his stride and is looking pretty special also."
""
"2 more fumbles, he is getting closer to the single season record."
This man is a beast
[deleted]
"Once we put Trace out for the second drive I decided I wanted to play rocket league and just pulled the game up on my phone just to distract myself from being sad. I played all the way through Lamar’s comeback TD to Hollywood, and decided I wanted to watch the rest of the game so I decided to not queue up and watch us on defense. We saw how that went. From there on out I played all the way through Tucker’s kick and then joined in the fucking celebration. I love you guys and I love this team ❤️"
What a save!
Close one!
"I was drinking and blocked out lol last thing I remember was browns scoring. Watched the end of the game this morning but  it was already spoiled for me 

Alcoholic life is a bitch"
Calculated!
""
"The collapsing chair was the entire Ravens fan base when Tucker nailed that kick! 

Great job!"
Lamar was motivated af. He couldn’t make it to OT without wiping
"Stacy Keibler was a Ravens cheerleader

wonder what she's up to...."
That kick was so beautiful
hhahahha gj
great ending
Lmfao thank you for this. Absolute GOAT meme format
A+
Can never get enough of these.
"Its amazing that after all these years, Jimmy Smith is STILL that screw that keeps our pass defense from collapsing.

I love Jimmy Smith. he is my favorite defensive player i feel that if he had a healthy career, he would be on par with Richard Sherman career wise. He is playing at a extremely high level this year. It suck that he been riddled with injuries"
"We need to get Jimmy a life time supply of milk or something, we are so much better when he is on the field, has been the case since we drafted him basically"
"I get the vibe that Jimmy Smith doesn’t want to play anywhere else besides Baltimore.

He’s a Harbaugh guy.

He’s a part time play maker due to injury and I’m ok with that.

Experience alone I’d like to see him continue to play here."
He is still the best pure cover corner we have. Marlon maybe a more complete corner and Marcus might be a better ball hawk but when it comes to straight up man coverage I'll take Jimmy everyday over them.
I'll never forget his role in that (basically) goal line stand to win the Superbowl. He dislodged a ball from Crabtree and held the line on that last fade
Jimmy smith is without a doubt my favorite ravens of all time! I could say ray lewis but Jimmy #22 has always been #1 for me :(
Well said Jimmy is a 🐐
that PI call on him was bullsh\*t too
I think we should make him sit possibly through the end of the regular season if the team is comfortable with that. I personally think we'd still win out - and a healthy Jimmy heading into the playoffs would be a huge difference maker
crazy that he's still on this team after being injured every year
""
"Nice throwback, Carey E. ""He gets another down!"""
Never a bad time for a Men in Tights reference.
""
He looked really good in that series before hollywood dropped a perfectly placed pass and Lamar came back in
I actually really like trace now. He’s got guts
"This is the guy that should be the backup going forward.

I’m over the RG3 reclamation project."
"I’m a jets fan but also a penn state fan 

Loved to see that , especially the yelling at the crowd part 

Hope he is ok"
"
Trace McSorley was headed to the locker room after his injury, but that didn’t stop him from celebrating Hollywood Brown's go-ahead TD 😤 

(via brycesisak_/IG) 

***

posted by [@brgridiron](https://twitter.com/brgridiron)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1338876236593033217/pu/vid/640x1138/SeA_j_TSk64GdBKZ.mp4?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I've been big on the Trace Money train since pre-season last year. This guy has talent.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kdp9yz)"
"That’s not very big truzz of two of you

Edit: twelve"
"After last nights game they better not loose again in the regular season.

A let down game would kill me"
"We have to bro. 

I think the jags and giants are better than their records indicate, and the bengals are a division rival. None of these are free wins. 

But I feel like the team is really getting hot at the right time and Lamar is ready to put the team on his back down the stretch. You won’t see better proof than what happened last night.

They understand if they fuck one of these games up, they pack up and go home. I think they have the right mindset ... confident but determine. Just take em one at a time and kick their damn teeth in"
"Well, the way I see it, and the way the team sees it, we HAVE to go 11-5. If we can't do that, I don't see how we can expect to win in the playoffs anyhow.

So far this season isn't going the way anyone wanted it to, but I was hoping for some adversity. Not THIS much, but some. IF we go 11-5, I think we can do some things in the playoffs. We've been through hell this year, and that game last night I think could catapult us through the rest of the year."
The way the defense is playing I’m not sold on winning out. CIN and NYG seem like easy wins. Could see the Jags being a problem for some reason.
"Yeah, it worked out.  But he had the first down running and I was about to yell “what are you doing.”  His passes, well let’s admit, can be a bit off sometimes.  His legs are almost NEVER off and I trusted his legs more.

Then I realized the ball was going to Brown and I became even more scared.  Luckily Brown caught it, and my fear only existed for a split second, but it was there...  not going to lie."
"I’ll say I had the same feeling. Not because I doubt Lamar, just that he definitely had the first down if he ran and I saw it as a safe play.

A lot can happen with a pass like that and with the game on the line I just wanted to move the sticks. 

In the end it was the right choice to throw it and I’m glad he did. He trusts his abilities and trusts going back to Brown even when he was struggling and they came through."
you gotta get that big truzz back in your system
I trust Lamar now. I don’t trust his receivers.
I still can’t believe he had the balls to throw that to Hollywood of all people on 4th but I’m glad he did. God bless Lamar Jackson and his massive balls.
"You are not alone. Once I saw the ball leave his hand I screamed ""NO! JUST RUN FOR THE FIRST!"" Really glad it worked out though"
Quick question. I didn't watch the game but how come Ravens back up qb came in to play?
"I think the IV helped a lot with his arm. He had two long passes sail over Mandrews before he got treatment for his cramps. But yeah, it scares me too when the first down was obviously there.

It made me appreciate Lamar a lot more. He saw the opportunity to go for the jugular and went for it. And when he had to respond to Cleveland’s quick TD, he had the confidence to know he could do it again, and did so. He was truly Superman after getting rid of the cramps (or 💩 if you believe)"
He made the right call. He did what a skilled quarterback should have done with the situation that presented itself as the play played out.
I think Lamar is a better passer when he's moving around than when he's standing in the pocket.
"ya i was wanting him to run too, and was shocked hollywood caught the ball"
He's a relatively on target passer.  Only about 4% lower than Mahomes.  It's reading the field and timing he struggles with.
I had faith. We just needed him back.
Even if he didn't throw he would of got the 1st easily with his legs. Lamar and Hollywood made a a great play though.
"If brown had dropped that pass I honestly think he’d be done in Baltimore. It’s one thing to say he had some drops on passes that were off but almost everything was catchable in situations where you absolutely have to make the catch.  All that being said hope this is a turnaround for him. I still think he’s more of a 2 than a 1, and needs someone else to draw attention off him so he can make plays."
""
Or disaster if you're a Cleveland Brown's toilet.
I can see the door beginning to open as Lamar's about to step out and save our ass 😭
""
marlo is the funniest person the team
*when you played a hell of a game and led your team to victory but everyone seems to make jokes about you having diarrhea even though you tell 'em it's not true*
The good thing coming from this is hollywood taking blame. Admitting he had a bad game up to that catch
marlo is way too funny I love that man
Bro Marlon is hilarious omfg
Hollywood looks like a kid wearing grown up clothes who snuck onto the plane.
"Lamar is God, confirmed by Hollywood"
Man I'm glad this man is a Raven. I can only imagine Marlo playing in the Lewis and Reed era. Fucking hell.
[deleted]
Lamar shoulda been like “you ain’t cool unless you poop yo pants!!!”
Ya'll gotta watch Marcus Peter's on this. He once again refers to Landry and Beckham as girls. And rips Landry a new one.
This meme is already irritating the hell out of me on this sub. The man couldn't feel his throwing arm
I love this team man!!
Marlon loses some respect from me for his white girl in a field looking away from the camera hat.
[deleted]
""
Come on now
Tucker
"Patrick mahomes

Josh allen

Aaron rodgers

Russell Wilson

Dalvin Cook

Deshaun Watson

Kyler murray

Tyreek Hill

Alvin Kamara

Justin Herbert

Ryan Tannehill

Derek Henry

All deserve it before he does this year

Edit: formatting"
""
Just don’t also give one to Cell right before sending your son to the slaughter.
Need Krillin to pop out and yell “SENZU BEAN!” before throwing it
"So hypothetically, would a senzu bean count as a PED? It shouldn't, right?"
Mine was watching Jacoby Jones take it 109 yards back in the super bowl when I was in 4th grade
When they brought football back to Baltimorrrreee!!!
"I actually have a funny story. I'm from the UK and in the 2000s NFL wasn't on TV so my first experience was playing NFL 2K (great game) that I borrowed from a friend. I was scrolling through the teams not knowing what was going on then I got to Baltimore and Ray Lewis was starring back at me (before he started to smile in pictures). I was looking at him for a good 2 minutes and then I decided that this was my team, the look he gave me told me everything I needed to know about the team. So before ever seeing a snap I knew exactly how the Ravens played by just that look."
"Grew up in MD and been a fan since the Billick era, but I'd have to say the moment for me might have came from a player nobody ever talks about- former safety Haruki Nakamura. Opening kickoff against the Steelers and Nakamura absolutely lays out the returner, like you can feel the hit sitting at home. Wipes the dude outta the game on the very first play. I was like dam this team knows how to play smashmouth football I dig it."
"As a German I had almost no contact with Football until I started watching/talking about it with my cousin. Always loved Ravens and Poe's writing so had an eye on the team from early on and was a already a fan for \~2 years when they played the 2012 Super Bowl!

Soo amazing .. was a huge Ray Rice Fan .. ha ...(And Torrey Smith!).

Been a regular watcher (as far as possible on the other side of the pond) ever since!

So yeah compared to others here I've only been a fan for \~10 years :D

Username unrelated lol"
The day WBAL broke in to Homicide to announce that the Cleveland Browns were moving to Baltimore.
when i got disappointed in the 2011 afc championship. never knew i cared until then
When the Colts moved out of town and I then bailed on the Stallions when I was 172 fucking years old.
When Billy Cundiff missed that kick. I was 11 at the time and even though we lose I couldnt wait for them to run it back the next season.
"Im literally a bandwagon. I became a fan watching da news and seeing the highlights of that jacoby jones play (didnt know what football was before that)I stuck through thick and thin from that moment on, I’ve experienced the steelers thanksgiving game heartbreak, the bengals 4th and long heartbreak, and the list goes on"
The titans playoff game in 2000. I was 9 but watching ray and anthony Mitchell win us that game I was hooked ever since
Because naming a team after an Edgar Allen Poe poem is pretty goth!
Fan since 1998 but not a hardcore live and die with the team until 2010 when I started playing fantasy football. By watching all the games redzone etc I became much more invested in everything. The 2010 playoff loss was crushing whereas before I would care but be relatively well adjusted about it. I sometimes miss those carefree days but nothing beats 2012
"When I was 4 years old and my grandfather told me “I don’t care if you like the Dolphins colors you’re a Ravens fans” and that was that.

RIP Pop Pop"
"First Super Bowl I ever watched was the one vs the Giants. I was about 9 and said “Wow Giants must mean they’re good if they have that name. They got whooped by some birds, I guess I like the birds.” And here I am 29 years old still loving the Blertimore Footbirds."
"My dad is a lifelong Baltimore native, so you know, since the team was created."
"The Titans game last year was the first game I watched as a ravens fan. I’ll admit I prob wouldn’t care if the ravens weren’t good, I’ll never claim to be a true nfl fan. That being said, I do love the ravens. Still learning football but I’ve watched almost all the ravens games this year and I’ve been pretty active in this sub. The last browns game had me like “oh this is why people watch football” lol. What a game. 

Thanks everyone here for welcoming me into the flock 🙂"
When Lamar got drafted. He started way faster than I expected too.
UD fan from New Jersey psyched that Flacco was drafted. Then they go and draft the best player to ever come out of Rutgers in the next round. Before that I had no real allegiances. Everyone else around me growing up was a Giants fan but of course I had to stray from the crowd.
"Oddly enough the 2011 Billy Bowl, at least that’s what I call it lmao. The first football game I ever watched start to finish, and with my dad who was the reason I started paying attention to the sport. In many ways it was a perfect first game bc very few if any games have since given me that level of heartbreak and just gave me a taste of what I found out every fan base eventually has to deal with. The adrenalin rush was enough to hook me in, then I just grew to love the team and the game, and of course my dad and I continue to bond over them/it."
"That's funny, my moment is the exact same as OP's moment. I was in 5th grade though"
06 season opener vs the Buccs. Haloti Ngata returns an interception for a TD. Didnt really watch football until that season. Oh what a magical regular season to jump aboard on. Never got off
"I remember it vividly. It was Ed Reed laying out Koren Robinson. I wasn't into the NFL at the time, but played safety in high school and seeing that hit made me an instant fan. I followed Ed Reed's career from there and the Ravens along with him and stuck with the Ravens once Ed retired. I guess I was lucky that the hit on Robinson wasn't just some scrub saftey and turned out to be the best safety ever, so I tuned into an NFL game at the right time.

https://youtu.be/g3udKjTCWi8"
I grew up 20 minutes south of Baltimore and my whole family is ravens fans so it was kind of a given
Blitzing with Ed Reed every play on defense in Madden ‘07 after my custom QB player got drafted here
"When they won a SB. So I’m a little bit of a bandwagon, tbh. But I was like 12 when that happen and didn’t know jack shit about football except that Washington sucked."
You make it sound like it's the equivalent of coming out
"Drafting Lamar. 2019 UofL grad, go Cardinals"
"Grew up in the County, had a friend in my class in elementary school who is the son of Zeus (he's OBJ's younger brother!). Zeus came with a cheerleader and Poe one day in 1st grade to visit us back in the fall of ‘03.

I went to a few games over the years growing up too, as well as getting signed posters and a Ravens foam finger, but I didn't actually get into and start heavily watching football until 2010 though, as a 13 year old 8th grader. I saw Flacco lead us to that comeback win over the Steelers in Pittsburgh (that Housh TD catch) and was hooked."
"Now Obviously Diggs is way better than Hollywood, but the way the Bills use him helps both him and Allen a lot.  On most plays he's running 3-10 yard routes mainly focusing on getting quick separation and creating an easy throw for Allen. Diggs is tied for first in targets and by far number 1 in catches and it's for that reason. Hollywood would probably be a lot better suited for that kind off role to, and it would create easy throws for Lamar."
"Your first sentence pretty much answers it. He isn’t crafty or big enough to get off the line, and moments when he does, hardly a guarantee he catches it."
Ah! The sequel thread to “Why don’t we use Hollywood more like how the Chiefs use Hill”
"> Now Obviously Diggs is way better than Hollywood

Your first sentence is the answer to the question but to go a little deeper into it, you also don’t cover Hollywood the same way you cover Diggs because defensive coordinators know that Diggs is a game wrecker and Hollywood isn’t"
"I feel like we have one of every “receiver” type and still can’t get it going. Snead is the best route runner, brown has the best speed. Boykin had the vertical and Andrew’s has the strength. But we aren’t elite at any of those types with Andrew’s being the closest. Ready to see what duvernay has to offer"
Diggs has consistent hands and size to win contested catches.
Bills have been granted divine permission to run the ~~pick~~ rub offense.  Harbaugh has tried this in various degrees on several occasions and we just get flagged.  It's honestly one of the most frustrating things about the modern NFL how inconsistently the OPI rules are enforced.
"Hollywood isn't physical enough to create separation at the line of scrimmage, and he isn't big enough to outjump defenders. The only way we can get him the ball is if he literally outruns the defender in a deep go route."
OR get a solid and true #1 WR so Hollywood is a second option and utilize his skills more
Diggs is a better route runner.
"How about we use Hollywood like he was used in College? Running quick slant routes and deep cuts?

G-Ro is incompetent."
I'm sure there is more to this topic but it falls right in line with why dont we do ..blank.. on offense.
But he still has to catch the damn ball.
Diggs catches the ball. Makes it a lot easier when you catch the ball as a WR.
"We saw what happens when he gets the ball in space. (Steelers)

Its difficult to get him the ball because of his size but he is impossible to catch in those scenarios.

I want to get duv more involved in space too"
Because Hollywood constantly gets bitched and pushed around. It’s no surprise almost half of Lamars INTs come from targeting him
Hollywood is a bum
""
"I remember there was a claim that the Cowboys deliberately picked Baltimore as an easy win to make their last game in that stadium end on a positive note (a victory). And wow, crushing those hopes as a slap-back to the insult of picking our team as an accessory to their party was immeasurably perfect"
Someone's shadowbanned
"That was such a fun game, felt great shutting them down in their last game at that stadium"
Started watching football in 08'. Fell in love with Ray and the Ravens and this game was the moment I knew that was going to be my favorite team.
"As a ravens fan who lived in Dallas during this time 


One of my best moments as a fan."
I was watching this game in Kuwait! Those McGahee and McClain runs put the nail in the coffin!
Damn that was 12 years ago...feeling especially old now. Awesome game though. Very memorable.
This is the first game I watched at Mother’s in Fed Hill. Place was absolutely insane. Definitely a favorite sports memory for me.
I have the program for that game
"Me (Eagles fan) 🤝 Ravens fans


Birds 

F Dallas"
Holy cannoli I can’t believe it’s already been 12 years. I remember that game so vividly and the elation that went with it.
"I remember watching this game at a hooters in Austin, surrounded by cowboys fans...  Loved it."
One of my top 5 ravens games. The two long runs were music to my ears.
I watched this in a bar crowded with Cowboys fans here in Austin. I was the only one wearing purple and not blue. Had a blast.
I'm 90% sure this game is why Romo doesn't like us.
"Joe making big throws, Ed picking off Romo, McGahee and McClain's runs, Mase's heroic effort with a bum shoulder, Deion's Dallas-biased commentary on NFL Network and doing it all in the Cowboys stadium. One of the most satisfying wins in franchise history."
Ravens Gameday - heck em Jags up Calais & Yannick!!!
He means wake up winner we’re all winners
"Let’s go get it today!!! Maybe a playoff birth?

Edit: Berth lmao. I was still feeling it with some edibles. It happens."
Looks like football’s back on the menu bois
Time to punch some balls out of wr hands!
Yee has all you mother fuckers
""
Are those GOAT horns on the llama? Great detail lol this is amazing
Lmao this is dope
"Every week this season, I will be doing a crappy photoshop for our matchup. Here are the past week's submissions.

Week 1: [Don Lamar](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/irwb9l/oc_now_you_come_to_me_on_this_opening_day_and_you/)

Week 2: [The Texans Chainsaw Massacre](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/iwbbvu/week_2_matchup_photoshop_the_texans_chainsaw/)

Week 3: [Over the Top](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j1a0yh/week_3_matchup_photoshop_this_year_harbaugh_takes/)

Week 4: [He Got Game](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j4y37u/week_4_matchup_photoshop_he_got_game/)

Week 5: [Gladiator](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j92pjf/week_5_matchup_photoshop_markus_andrewicus_slayer/)

Week 6: [Eagle Eye](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jdeghk/week_6_matchup_photoshop_calais_campbell_will_be/)

Week 7: [Byecentennial Man](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jhs8gy/bye_week_photoshop_yannick_ngakoue_came_just_in/)

Week 8: [No Country For Old Ben](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jm1jad/week_8_match_up_photoshop_no_country_for_old_ben/)

Week 9: [A Rivers Runs Through It](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jqbi8n/week_9_match_up_photoshop_a_rivers_runs_through_it/)

Week 10: [Patriot Games](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jul54q/week_10_match_up_photoshop_patriot_games/)

Week 11: [Clash Of The Titans](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jyw3ph/week_11_match_up_photoshop_clash_of_the_titans/)

Week 12: [The Replacements](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/k3908x/week_12_match_up_photoshop_the_replacements/)

Week 13: [Throw Up The (Malcolm) X](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/k93gfu/week_13_match_up_photoshop_throw_up_the_malcolm_x/)

Week 14: [O Playoffs, Where Art Thou?](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/kcx268/week_14_match_up_photoshop_o_playoffs_where_art/)"
Lmao this is great.
CraMVPus
"They gave us Calais, we should pay them back by handing them an L"
"Hell yeah, maybe the Jets screw up and win one or two games and Lawrence goes to the Jags who can then fuck the Titans and Colts for the foreseeable future."
I would rather Lawrence go to Jacksonville than the jets. He has a future in the nfl. And the jets would just ruin him.
" https://twitter.com/bendackiw/status/1340360461250867205?s=20   


QB: Flacco(can't put Jackson over him until he does more in the playoffs. Jackson is the better player but Flacco is more accomplished)  
HB: Jamal Lewis(2K yards)  
WR: Derrick Mason  
WR: Anquan Boldin  
TE: Todd Heap(casual wouldn't know who this is)  
O-Line: Jonathan Odgen(HOF lineman, Top 5 OT all-time)  


Tik Tok is cancer"
"The guy in the video is definitely not being serious lmao, in all of his other videos he has jerseys from like every other team (including shitsburgh), he says he’s not a band wagon but can’t name anyone before the 2010 roster that’s not Ray or Ed. Then later he admits to being a bandwagon fan. His content is definitely satire. That being said Tiktok, especially the nfl community on there is cancer"
Yeah this kid is young. I'd give Andrew's the same comment as Jackson though. He has the potential to knock heap out. Also Ingram!?!? Or Rice? Lewis is by far our best RB.
Yanda wasn't a bad answer though he's still going to be first ballot HOF and one of if not the best guards to ever play the game
""
First play of the game for the ravens - an incomplete to Brown. I can just picture it now.
"Lamar, JK, and Gus are gonna have 700 yards between the three of them"
Translation: GRo decides to throw often.
I can’t wait to throw the ball 35 times today
I don’t think we’ll struggle moving the ball against this defense. The question is how will the Ravens D play? Minshew has put up big numbers before. So we’ll see
""
""
"""I was 10-6 in my last season in Madden 2021 on rookie difficulty, I could definitely be a better OC than Greg Roman."" -Ash McNally, probably."
That is the guy who thinks we should start tanking in October to get a better draft pick.
"Yeah, when I go to the park we pick sides and kick off, what's the problem?"
And in middle school we still had to get there plenty early to get dressed and warm up.
Funny
🤡
"Gotta get there early so Lamar blows it up before the game, not during."
Even highschoolers show up early
GO RAVENS!
Idk what to do with this information I’m just presenting it to you all. Truzz
That’s bad for them as that’s all they will be doing is punting lol.
"Well, looks like we're going to have great field position all day lol"
"4th downs all the way against our injured secondary. yikes, interesting game"
Hopefully the defence steps up to stop them on 4th downs because they will probably be going for it a lot with  nothing to lose and no punter
They don't deserve a punter.  They deserve nothing.
""
Yes. He won’t be there though. But if he was I’d take him over a WR any day.
Yes
"Yes. Doubt he’s available for us to pick, however"
Yeah but we’re not gonna be able to get him
"My ideal situation (sorry this is an old threat but with recent OBJ stuff it popped up to me) is if Kyle Pitts somehow falls to #13 (again big if, Cincy, Dallas, and Giants could snag him) we trade OBJ and a third, to the chargers for the 13th and Mike Williams and grab Pitts, then use the 27th on Moehrig falls there grab him off not grab best available OL or edge."
""
He was pretty hurt when he went back into the game on Monday. Peters has all the heart.
If we can't beat Jacksonville without Peter's then we don't deserve to be in the playoffs anyway.
But I heard he was faking it on Monday? Just pretending because he got beat? Don't tell me Browns fans were full of shit like always?
"...thanks to DirecTV being gay, I no longer have CBS. I don’t feel like leaving the house, getting caught in DC madness holiday traffic, and catching COVID at a bar or something. And I don’t feel like watching the Skins. Please help a brother out. Thank you."
Don’t use gay as a pejorative my guy
I’ll send you a DM
Dont use gay like that man. Thats immature af
Free trial of CBS all access might work
Who are the skins? Are they some sort of football team? /S
"Anyone know how I can watch the game out of area? I'm in NC and I'm JUST out of the broadcast area. I've found streams in the past after hours of searching, but wasn't sure if people had a specific place they use.

This was much easier last year when all our games were broadcasted in my area 😞"
"Nflbite.com has all the games available for stream. The first stream on the list is usually a great one, just have to click through some ads!"
Sending you a dm!
""
Fuck the Steelers btw
Kinda sad to see Ingram decline but the rise of Dobbins is fun to watch.
We deserved that lucky fumble bounce after the browns fumbled 7 times on Monday and lost none of them
I like when we stomp bad teams.
"Just keep feeding JK. Not just this game, this season. All the time, don't stop."
Dobbins is a Rice clone.
"I love Dez. Him running out in front of Hollywood blocking, running just as fast 🤩"
Watch Greg Roman try to run the same exact play lol
Lol Roman that’s how we react to your playcalls
They are guarding dez with their lives trynna stop the ravens fans from getting what they want
Am I like the only one who wants to see Hollywood do well? Like he is a Raven.
The one time Hollywood doesnt go out of bounds lol
Fans always complain when we don't trot Tucker out for the 55+ yarders but I'm the opposite. Stop ruining my boy's stats!
"Lol if Hollywood, Boykin and Judon are making plays...it’s gonna be a long day for the jags"
Can we appreciate John's change in approach on fumblers and not benching them forever
I want Dez to stay next year.
I hate when we make long attempts that aren't needed to win lol messes up his accuracy %
Queen and Bowser were outstanding that drive. You love to see it
Lamar doesn't need to run this game
Can we just admire how long Lamar had to throw that?
Philips has just hit Ryan Jensen defending Flacco level for me with that play
That one is for Tyre.  Save that ball for him.
"Lamar smarter than all of us, throwing a pick and then predicting the penalty to get them to the 1 yard line so we go up 9-0 instead of 7-0"
Harbaugh cleaning off J.K.'s helmet while talking to him about the fumble was the most wholesome thing I've seen all season. It was like a father and son moment.
"Queen needs to get a legit offseason's worth of practice with the team, then I think he could be a really good ILB"
I'm starting to think the Jaguars aren't very good
It was only a matter of time before the league figured Tuck out
"You've heard about the Fruit Punch, now here's the Ngakoue Knockaway!"
"For anyone who starts thinking about feeling bad for Jacksonville, just remember the London game and the absolute embarassment in 2017 that we were handed lol

The Jags fans after that game were **insufferable**"
OH LAWD HE COMIN
"6 plays, 69 yards. 

*nice*"
"DEZ THREW UP THE X IN PURPLE

5 YEARS AGO ME JUST CREAMED HIS PANTS

TODAY ME JUST CREAMED MY PANTS"
Fuck the Titans and Browns for hosting fans. I’m just getting over covid and like Lamar said wouldn’t wish that shit on anyone
"PLAYER OF THE GAME

#TYREE PHILIPS"
I dread the day tucker and kooch retire
Upvote for no injuries
NE INTS PHINS IN THE END ZONE
NGL I don’t mind NOT having my heart beating out of my chest for 3 straight hours
"Remember when the Jags were pulling fake punts up 20 in London? Score again.

Score again.

Score again."
Literally can’t depend on anyone fuck the Texans and FUCK the patriots
"Hollywood with yards after a catch, boykin making a play, wanna see more of this!"
[deleted]
That Mandrews play wasn’t soft at all. Clear jersey pull that stopped Andrews getting right under the ball
"Marlon Humphrey: one of the best corners in the league and our only starter at corner today

Jags: let’s just throw to receivers he’s covering"
Isn't it great to be calm during game threads?
Dez and Harbs hugged for 22 seconds on the sideline.
This sub just nutted twice in 5 mins
I like how in broadcasts everyone is gushing when kickers hit 51 yarders and then we are surprised when Tucker misses from 57. We are so spoiled
This defense is either the 2000 ravens or the 1997 ravens. No in between.
Tyre Phillips sacrificed his acl for a 12 yd gain
"wtf...am I seeing in this game.   there is timeout for injury in the dallas, switch over here...am watching a beast running the ball down field.   Hope your player is okay...and just winded.

Ravens just using everyone at running back."
Sam Koch has yet to punt lmao
Huntley just ran 65 yards to gain 4
I like they went for it just to see more of Huntley
Damn that punter is massive lol
Unpopular opinion: Keep throwing. We can’t hide in the run against good teams when we are down so let’s develop this passing game
That TD run felt like when they try to ice Tucker and he kicks a practice FG anyway.
We gotta feed Dez today in the second half. Criminally underused so far.
Cmon let’s use Dez today
Lol imagine turning your head and immediately running in Williams' big ass
Really excited to see how the careers of Dobbins and Queen develop.
"Lamar really doesn't have to run this game, just let Dobbins and Edwards do the work today"
Man I feel like that was Pi on Dez they held his left arm down
19 is a weird score
I hope Dez gets another shot next drive. I want to see him get the pass on the deep ball.
[deleted]
Deep shot to gus edwards was not on my bingo card
"A nice, relaxing beatdown. This is the kind of early Christmas present that I appreciate."
That TD is dedicated to Tyre for the big man run.
lamar being so excited is so fucking wholesome
Huntley is a pretty good fit for this offense
It really does kind of feel like we’re gonna go 11-5 and get clipped because we couldn’t beat a wilted ass Pats team.
HOUSTON FUCKING FUMBLED IN THE ENDZONE.
Why am I so excited to see a 4th string QB play lol
"https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1340698260252614659?s=21

Fuck this is sad"
Not sure if y’all knew this but John harbaugh used to be a special teams coach. Isn’t that just the craziest fun fact you’ve ever heard in your entire life?
Lamar threw the pick on purpose to set up the safety that set up the touchdown. He is.....inevitable
Maybe I’m crazy but if I had to pay one of Judon Ngakoue and Bowser I’m paying Bowser rn
Ray Rice 2.0
Lmao lamar just scoring a TD that doesn’t count
[deleted]
Queen’s having a fucking _game_
"Dobbins the best player on offense today.

Queen the best player on defense today.

EDC is a genius."
"I’m utterly disgusted with you people. Jaguars are a critically endangered species, and yet here you guys are poaching them mercilessly"
Myles Jack the only dude can spy Lamar effectively imo
"Jags, you just got Tucked"
Come on defense I wanna see Huntley
Lmao who had Gus Edwards catching a 30+ yard pass
"That deep shot to Gus Edwards is a really encouraging play. Greg Roman's biggest problem is lack of creativity in the pass game. Granted we're playing the Jaguars, but it's nice to see an inventive pass play from Roman. Shout out to Lamar also for the pocket presence on that play."
definitely pickin Yanny not Laurel
Please just be winded 🙏🏽
That is one of the best things I have ever seen. I hope he’s ok.
"Those guys aren't used to getting hit, hopefully he's just shook up or had the wind knocked out of him."
You know Tyree Phillips has gone to sleep every night “if I just get a fumble once I’ll show what I can do” lmao
lamar is so fucking hype lmao
How the FUCK was RGIII the backup with McSorley and Huntley on the roster?
It would be so Ravens to miss the playoffs at 11-5 in a 7 team playoff format. Can’t expect any help. Would likely never happen ever again too
I feel like a lot of our fans have become desensitized to scoring 40 pts but it is actually insane how we do it in basically 3 qts
Man I love Dobbins.
Jacksonville can not seal the edge at all.
Ngakoue is lowkey funny as hell with the shit he does after plays
Queen is ballin out
Announcers too disinterested to announce how far that field goal was
Last season I wore the Ravens pajama pants for months and they just dominated. Just busted them back out before the Dallas game. Undefeated and rolling now. Not washing them until the season is over.
Dez in the redzone should be a thing from here on out
Congrats Dez!
Dez jacked up that corner on his route. A thing of beauty
Wow. Tuck missed a 57 yard field goal? Thanks Greg Roman /s
"I feel physical pain when Tucker misses, even when they're 60 yarders that don't matter."
"Oh look a team playing 3 games within 5 days 3 weeks in a row and not a peep from anyone complaining

Right shittsburgh?"
"Gus ""deep threat"" Edwards"
Purple + black is our best home jersey combination period
LETS GOOOOO REVENGE GAME FOR HIM
PLAY OF THE YEAR
Hopefully he's just tired that's probably the most he's ever ran
Carefully he is a hero
That play was a rollercoaster of emotions...
fuck sakes tyre philips died for a 1st down
Probably winded. Big guy ain’t used to that shit!
Well that play was a rollercoaster of emotions
We back to dropping 40 on fools left and right? Perfect time to heat up in the season!
"Lamar Jackson is 77%, 17/22, 243 yards, 3 TDs, 133 passer rating"
Seeing Lamar happy makes me so happy
Oh fuck we have two Lamars?
"oooh damn, That was a dime! Boykins shoulda held on"
"I thought Lamar was just gassing him up with his comments about hiding Huntley on the practice squad, but man he's not looking too shabby"
Damn lamar is an amazing teammate
Idgaf put Huntley in as our backup. He has already earned it based off of this drive.
I hope we can see Huntley one more time
Tonight we are all giants fans.
If we didnt take dobbins we would be screwed this season with the way Ingram has performed
Some of you guys are the worst lmaoo.
Why aldrick Rosas built like a mob enforcer
YO THAT DEZ BLOCK
Love seeing Dez throwing big boy blocks out there
"Kudos to giving Boykin and Brown more looks. 
Lamar seems to really make sure his teammates succeed and overcome their bad games. 
That's a leader in my books."
"Wasn't it a game against the Jags back in like 2013 where we got like 10 sacks? Other than that it was a messy Flacco-era zero offense type game. I was at that one. Good times.

edit: it was in 2014 and we had 8 sacks on Borty Boy"
Mandrews is the real Soulja boy prove me wrong
Hope we can get Dez a TD today
Time for an X
Roman reacting like a dude who found out McDonald’s was closed
Anyone save a .GIF of that Greg Roman reaction?
Dobbins looks incredible recently. So pumped to see him in our offense for years to come
He should be a linebacker not a kicker
Justin Tucker is the Wayne Gretzky of kickers
Humph appreciation segment
#X GON GIVE IT TO YA
PRESS ❌ TO PAY RESPECT
"Yes, throw up the X! Did anyone else see him casually one-hand it when someone threw him the ball after the play."
">@MarkWJZ Ravens just played a full half of football having ZERO penalties called vs them. Not that they need to do anything outside the rules to beat the Jags but again a chance to work on areas of need in a preseason type setting.
26-0 at half 🏈 @wjz"
"cUt aLL tHe dEfENsE tHeY suCk 

SMH take a look at the injury report you 12 year olds"
And here we go with a 7 minute delay because a 1-12 coach challenged six inches in a 3 score game
Ah yes Gus Edwards the deep threat WR
How fucking calm was that by Lamar. Amazing play.
gUs EDwARds is OnE dImenSionaL
Gus the AirBus
That was the most 2020 play
"Tyre Phillips evaluated for concussion. Hope he's negative, but at least it could have been a worse injury."
"Boykin gotta catch it, that's a good throw."
#RIP MCSORELY MEMELORDS
One lamar on the active roster one on the practice squad blessed.
We really had all our backup QBs in the opposite order
RIP Taliafero
LJ Fort has been screwed out of multiple picks it seems.
I swear to fucking god if we go 11-5 and don’t make the playoffs
"So our cornebacks rn are marlo, averett, harris, and tramon right?"
"He made a mistake. He will make up for it like Brown did on Monday. Our defense is about to make the stop.

Let's go!!!!!!!"
Run outside every single play. Dobbins is ray rice 2.0
"Aside from the int, we've been able to do whatever we want"
Boykin has gotten SO much better at finding space in the end zone lately. Very promising shit
He definitely got the first down... how was that 3rd and 1?
lmao that should have counted!
Dobbins is going to light up the league next year
DOBBY IS A FREE ELF
I want to see dez involved today would be nice
Queen kinda CRACKED
Wtf that was huge PI compared to what was called earlier
PATS: Cam just unloaded a HUGE play. 10 yards from red zone.
Dez’s route running looks better than any receiver on our team
"No one:


Gardner Minshew: imma throw it towards the best corner in the league"
Hollywood actually blocked really well on that Dobbins run. Imagine being in the nfl and getting blocked by someone who likes like they could be on JV
XXXXXXXXX THAT MADE ME SO HAPPY
"PLEASE FUCK HE HAS NOW SCORED IN THE NFL, GIVE ME A DEZ BRYANT CARD"
Let’s all channel our energy to Deshaun Watson right now .
Derrick henry is worth way more to tenn than tannehill and you can't convince me otherwise.
They score once and all of a sudden this sub thinks our defense is trash. JFC i think im done here for today
Losing to the Pats was such an embarrassing loss.
major improvements from this team. definitely one of the hottest teams in the league right now. a well oiled machine
I'm liking some of the 2 RB formations they've been using with Edwards and Dobbins on the field at the same time.
Patriots took the lead
Ball just rolled right to Wolfe
Avenging the 44-7.
TYRE PHILLIPS PLAYER OF THE GAME!! That was incredible!!
Damn he trucked that dude before he got hurt
Dude was hauling ass...I hope he is all right tho
Fuck you new england
[LAMAR DEEP TO HOLLYWOOD](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ej1U6_JWAAA1Pwp.jpg)
FUCK THE PATRIOTS. AND THE STEELERS.
"Lmao the announcer 

“Sometimes you criticize QBs but let’s see you go out to the park and throw a ball 40 yards into a trash can see how you do” LOL"
“Just imagine throwing it into a trash can... that’s basically what you’re doing right there.”  Unintentional roast hahaha
"If I were getting a new jersey, I'd get one with no. 27"
Like shooting baby jaguars in a barrel
These people commentate like Lamar didn't win fucking mvp last year
"""no he has it throwing the ball. Lamar showing off his arm today."" OK boomer"
Pat McAfee is going to go nuts for this play
Who else thought Tyler Huntley was a white dude 😂
Yo we got two Lamars
"4th and 20, Tucker like WTF BRUH!? lol"
Huntley looks good man.
Yeah I like Huntley
I ducking hate the rest of the afc so much  lol
Huntley looks good in there
Ferguson owes LJ a steak dinner!
The fuck is wrong with marlon
"Good thing we’re in the most stacked AFC all time, we’re missing the 7 team playoffs at 11-5"
Stop me if you have heard this before: The Falcons blew a 3 possession lead.
I like using this shitty team to tune up the pass game
Did I really see a tv commercial for a 7 year old game? Wild
S/O to the CBS Crew
"Bowser is starting to prove his 2nd round pick status, really looking good now"
"I. Hate. Comcast. So. Fucking. Much. 

I just want to WATCH THE FUCKING GAME but my internet randomly has days where it shits itself and wont work and those fucking dickheads REFUSE to fix the goddamn problem. 

I'm paying you scumfuckers all this money and you cant even be bothered to provide me with a FUNCTIONAL fucking product. 

Eat shit."
Going to be a long day for Minshew....
What Dobbins averaging? 13ypc?
God damn Dobbins is such a beast
I wanna trow up the 🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️ come on DEZ deserves it
Ellis been low key a star for us. Best ability is availability and he has been available more than Baby this year 🤔
"Yes Jacksonville, embrace the tank."
Their Punter looks like a FB jesus
"Nice, cut to commercial before the linesman even spots the ball. :/"
queen has three TFL rn 😳
"How is that a ""bad"" PI call? Dude grabbed Mark's jersey and pulled it noticeably, right at the moment he probably would have caught the ball."
"r/Ravens: stop throwing it deep

Lamar: *whips up Flacco PI special*

[Ravens:](https://i.imgur.com/TNLGvfP.jpg)"
"That was a defensive hold, but whatever"
"Death, taxes, and Tucker making field goals."
Jags have used 6 different kickers this year. The Ravens have had 8 kickers. In their history.
Still don't understand why Lamar's cleats were not changed sooner at Cleveland. I was so scared he was going to get hurt.
Who wanna throw up a motherfucking X?
Interesting defensive strategy to not have anyone within 20 yards of our fastest receiver
Dez wanted that TD so badly. LET’S FUCKING GO
#GOD GAVE THE WORLD GOT WHAT IT WANTED
Don't sleep on that throw from Lamar running to his left
"I wish fans could’ve been there, it would’ve been so loud for Dez"
"Marquise, what the absolute fuck are you doing. Lmao."
"Holy shit a game where the refs aren't fucking us, truly unbelievable"
Its ok Tuck we still love u
#CONTINUE THE COUNT!
"Bench Lamar, get us another sunglasses meme pic."
Good to have our reliable deep threat in Gus Edwards game in and game out 🤷🏽‍♂️
Jeez the amount of tough catches today from the Jags WRs is super impressive
They’re just picking on our depleted secondary at this point.
"Averett is a significant upgrade on anyone not named peters Humphrey or Smith, don’t wanna see Desir or Harris get snaps"
Look at what happens when we dont commit penalties
Picked a great day to wear my Ngakoue jersey LFG
I'm so happy that drive ended in no points. My head knows 33-7 is probably game anyway but my heart needed that.
"Never seen this before. Atlanta called for DPI, AND a face mask on the same play. Spot of the foul + 15 yards."
That was sick..... hope he’s ok though
Tyre...DONT BE A HERO MAN...
Oh no! Oh yes! Oh no!
FEED THAT MANN
"#40-7!!!

#WE ALMOST DONE AVENGING THAT 44-7 LONDON GAME JAGUARS JUST YOU WAIT"
#Where is Sam Koch? Does he exist?
"If the Patriots lose this, it’ll be the second time we got screwed by them this season."
OH WE REMEMBER THE LONDON GAME.
Rosas is JAX MVP today
NFL: THERES TWO OF THEM!?!
MINI LLAMA
That was a sexy throw. Hol up ....
lamar is absolutely losing it lol
Lol I’ve had a huge smile on my face since they showed this guy getting ready to go in. What a cool moment for him in an otherwise forgettable game
Is it just me or does Huntley's cadence sound like Joe
Yo why has Huntley been on the practice squad he looks good df
"Its insane, you can tell Huntley is trying his heart out to reach top speed. Lamar effortlessly reaches full speed. Big fucking difference between mobile QBs and what Lamar Jackson actually is. This mofo a supercharged turbo megazord man."
That was dumb af Ferguson
If the Browns lose we are back in control of our own fate right?
Looks like our playoff chances will come down to Pittsburgh beating Indy
Of course the pat's and texans fucked us
I can’t believe I’m saying it but dammit I need the Steelers to win next week
(Shows playoff picture) Don’t do that. Don’t give me hope
"queen is so fucking good against bad teams, but good teams eat him alive"
"#HOT TAKE

the jags are not a good team"
"I miss Baltimore ugh. Nothing more I want right now than a crab cake brunch and a natty bo (or 7) at Mother’s then scooter over to The Bank.

In NYC now and went to get old bay and they DIDNT HAVE IT AT THE GROCERY STORE. Smh"
"500IQ PICK BY LAMAR 

SMARTEST QB IN THE NFL"
The last two Ravens scores were safety’s
I really want Boykin to pan out. I’m cheering for him. Glad he got that snag there
Now THAT is how you utilize Boykin. He can be a red zone stud
This is the type of game that should be a short day for Lamar
Judon looking like prime LT so far lol
Yo that coach catch yall see that look at that form
Bowser is such an underrated LB man
"I know it’s the jags but it really feels like we’re getting hot at the right time. An easy schedule to finish strong, playing as the underdogs. I wouldn’t count us out of a deep run just yet"
Give my man Dez a TD
Master has given Dobby a TD
Ricard just waving him in is classic.
That's so Jets that they cut their Man of the Year nominee.
New England up 3-0 on Miami rn
That dude is huge for a punter
If Justin Tucker had to punt he’d be dropping them inside the five with a spin back.
What a fucking kick
Jags might actually be worse than the Jets despite having a win.
I miss Ronnie Stanley fr
Please try Bryant again!!!!
❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌
"FUCK YEAH! Good for Dez man, best moment of the game for sure."
Glad the Jags are taking enough timeouts to set us up to score after we stop them
Ngl I teared up a little for Dez’s first TD post hiatus
WHERE WERE YOU WHEN DEZ PUT UP THE X?
#STILL GOT LOVE FOR YA TUCK
Damn Tucker you need to hit that one come on now /s
Tucker missed😢
Sad goat noises
"Damn, Tuck had the power (of course) but drifted a little.

No excuse but that whole last series was a little messed up, though, thanks to Hollywood's 40 IQ play."
"ATL up 17-0 on TB.

Here all day to see Tom Brady go 8 and 6."
"Every time we play the Jags all I remember is either London or that stupid ass penalty on Dumervil where they got a bullshit second chance to end the game


so i hope we beat them 50-0"
Man I wish we had diggs as our WR1 dude is balling out in buffalo
Thread going by so slow everyone will see that I love my mom
Y'all get really worked up about our defense allowing one score over 2.5 quarters
"i ain’t even mad, sure the coverage was meh but that throw and catch was nice"
We’re up 19 to a team and that Green Bay and Cleveland barely beat with one healthy corner and y’all are still bitching
Cam ain’t helping us so i guess it’s Watson szn boys
Why do they need to measure? Touchback = they started exactly at the 25 so they need to get to the 35 yard line. They clearly didn’t but gave us the first down anyway? Lol I’ll take it I guess
imagine paying for your picture to be showed on a seat in the stadium and then it's covered up by a home depot ad
Gus WR1?????? Lmao
LOL dude didn't wanna let the ball go
the fuck? i have never seen a long pass to gus before. do it again lol
"

Nice drive by Greg Roman there. Excellently designed plays."
Love the way Lamar just casually steps out of the way of that rusher.
"That sidestep from Lamar on a blitzing defender was ELITELY casual. Holy shit, lol."
Marlon needs to pick these 50/50s
"Tucker miss, no penalties. What's wrong with this game"
Yannick N-Goku!
That’s playing to win baby
THERE HE IS
"YANNICK: he Jacksonville, remember me?"
"even though he hasn’t totally lived up to expectations yet, I would absolutely rather resign Ngakoue over Judon"
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME LMAO
"He winded!  That, other than the injury, was the greatest run of the season!"
TYREE I HOPE YOU'RE OK
Tyre Philips>> Derrick Henry
"That throw and catch were both top fucking tier.

I know it's garbage time but you still love to see it."
If ravens somehow get into the playoffs we look good as shit
can we please just give Fluker one carry? I think we're onto something here
"man, anything and everything without people wearing masks (tv shows, old football games, people living their regular lives) looks and feels like decades ago"
"Rosas should stay at Punter, dudes been impressive"
"Bruh, he look faster than lamar haha"
Holy shit he fucking accelerated like Lamar
RG3 throwing up the peace sign and ghosting after these three plays
PETITION TO MAKE HUNTLEY OUR BACK UP
Huntley should be qb 2. If Lamar ever goes out I want him in first
Dang Huntley has a big arm
TEXANS ARE FUCKING DRIVING DOWN THE FIELD
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME? Thats how the colts win the game?! Fuck right off
We’re gonna have to pull for fucking shittsburgh to win next week
Too bad we blew solid leads in games we shouldve won this season. Hope we dont miss the playoffs
Was that Coutee fumble more devastating for Texans fans or Ravens fans? I mean honestly.
Weak ass DPI lmao
Deep ball literally hasn’t worked since week 1 lol
"I was going to make a Lamar Jacksonville edit but I'm at work, and also talentless"
Ricard is an absolute beast. So underrated
I feel bad for Ingram...
"Don't hate the playcall on that deep shot, but Lamar needed to put more on it."
Who else thinks we are forcing this deep ball thing too much? We didn't need a deep shot just slowly walk it down the field
I swear every time we start with the ball that’s how it ends lol
Lamar is so fucking smart that he threw an INT to get us 2 extra points
Damn Lamar with that big brain pick to get the safety
Kicker built like a damn inside linebacker
Remember that time Kenny Young decapitated Minshew
Lamar with the intentional pick knowing we'll get 9 points out of it. Your QB could NEVER
"That was a good block by Dez. It won't show up on the stats, but it results in about 10 yard gain"
Amazing bounceback drive from Lamar after the pick! Really good patience and throws!
Bro a high point ball to Miles Boykin for a TD???? Is this real life
Ya’ll can suck it. I like Boykin.
boykin's catch radius tho goddamn
Cool to see the broadcast crew like this.
PAY. TYUS. BOWSER.
"Bowser has come on so hot in the second half of the season. We can’t develop WRs we’re a damn, but man can we develop backers"
PAts just picked off Tua. Get them Dolphins outta the playoff race! It feels so wrong to say GO PATS
PATRICK QUEEN DROY
YASSSS QUEEN
This broadcast is trash. Show the catch that was ruled incomplete instead of andrews 100% catch. Pretty sure they didn't replay the int either
let’s get dez a fucking touchdowwwwwwn please
I wanna throw up the X today
EZ TD
shoutout to the one fan in M&T screaming his head off
It feels so wrong rooting for a Patriots win
Someone tried to tell me Queen was the worst starting LB in the league last week because of PFF lol
Is it me or does the Jacksonville kicker look like a human version of a Roblox avatar?
Rosas literally looks like he could be a pro boxer
I couldn’t get into this thread until now but I just wanna say Queen is ballin
I don't wanna jynx it but let's go belicheck vs the rookie QB
"That's one of Jackson's better throws recently, really accurate on that one"
Twas a TD if it wasn’t from the DPI
That's definitely holding on the Jags DB
I named my new kitten after the goat kicker
jack gonna make it harder for lamar to do his thing
Automatuck
Humphrey is literally a LB who is also one of the best cover guys in the league. He is so valuable
Queen is having his best game today
Did the Cam Newton fumble get called back? The Pats just got 3 points for some reason
Hate to be like “what a low stress game” but Jax is bad-bad and the Ravens are playing really well. Hopefully Lamar doesn’t have to play the 4th.
Ricard just pancaked that guy
"Lamar to Hollywood on this drive, I’m calling it rn"
"Lamar: drops a bad snap

Dobbins: it’s ok man I gotchu"
I want to see more passes to dobbins tbh
"""I told him ‘be ready.’ I’d never turn my back on a teammate."" - LJ on Soulja’s drops

Man I could not be more thrilled with Lamar as a Raven, teammate, person, etc."
THROW UP THAT X YALL
Let fucking go Dez
Dez so happy for you
Dez caught it!
DEZ I JUST FUCKING SCREAMED AT MY TV
Return of the Mack
"Love to see that for Dez. Happy for him, throw up the ❌"
That poor corner got abused in every single aspect of that play
"Highly recommend checking out the Jaguars thread, some funny shit in there"
WTF is Brown doing
"that tucker kick had the length but not the aim

he'll hit it next time"
I hope Dez has some veteran advice for Brown after that debacle
>Tucker misses from 57 yards at the gun. Ravens go into halftime leading 26-0. They've out-gained the Jaguars 224-61. Jaguars are averaging 2.1 yards per play and Minshew has been sacked 4 times. - @jeffzrebiec
"Good half, more of the same, love to end the day at 9-5"
Idgaf about this miss tucker made the one that mattered last week
LFG when the only problem in a game is when a kicker misses a damn near 60 yd FG (which is not a problem)
All this money spent on defense just to fucking rely on Tramon Williams and Davontae Harris.
We give up one td with all of our secondary out and you all are so goddamn negative. Stop it
"That was a first down for Pitt, right? Lol"
As much as his passing concepts frustrate me Roman is a fucking genius in run blocking schemes
Keep Lamar in pad those stats and work on passing bby
I don't think we should pull Lamar in the 4th. Did us no good last year. Let him practice his passing game
Fuck the Grammys. Weeknd robbed
BEAUTIFUL!!
"Lololol. Gardner, that was such a weak strip too. Fucking toilet paper hands by the stasche 

Pull the starters now please. Jags are done. They have zero will to play now after that turn over."
New franchise record for FF I do believe
Yannick Revenge game!
Lets beat them worst then they beat us in London
"Yeah, 96 was an ok draft for us I guess"
"SHIT

LOL WHAT

OH NO

WHAT A ROLLERCOASTER RIDE OF EMOTIONS"
"Man, Marquise really doesn't like to be tackled, huh."
"Bruh lmao

Oh wait oh no"
"That was an amazing save, but god dammit, I hope he's alright."
"Damn... tyre got knocked into next wk there.

Hope he's okay."
"OMG I hope he's OK because that play was REMARKABLE.

#FatManRun!"
If he is ok we need to start him at RB omg
That was an emotional roller coaster of a play
"Lamar has looked infinitely better throwing deep today. He’s keeping his elbow straight, putting air under it, and giving receivers a chance to adjust."
"every time i want the patriots to win, they never do"
You smell that? That smells like a 40-burger cooking
What a play by Tyre. Seriously.
Ok but CBS can fuck off with that flashback
Huntley is hella fast wow
Bro he fast wtf
OH MY GOD WE CLONED LAMAR
I fucking love this team. Lamar being that excited makes me excited
EDC gonna trade Huntley for 2 1st round picks
And he has some accuracy 👀
"Guys we have 2, TWO, Lamar Jackson’s!!!!"
Seeing Lamar happy about Huntley brings a huge smile to my face
"Great job by Huntley and Hill there.

Even if we don't use Tucker now, that's the kind of play that builds football IQ. Took us into FG range."
I want to see Huntley one more time come on defense
Texans across mid field
COME ON DESHAUN
TEXANS PLEASE
"Of course there’s a flag. Of fucking course. On a roughing the passer, too. Ferguson has been ass today."
I'm here for all the Tyler Huntley comments.
Fort got fucked on 2 interceptions the pst two games
Fuck both the Patriots and Texans
Fuck the Texans. Get Watson the fuck out of there he deserves so much better
Steelers winning against colts or browns actually helps us
Man Humph had struggled. If you're gonna commit Pi They shouldn't be able to catch the ball.
"2 tds on Humphrey and 2 dpi on him, probably the worst game of his career."
fuck new england and fuck houston. garbage ass organizations
Fuck Cam Newton
Dumb dumb throw
Why did we even do that?
cbs fucking sucks. No replay
Let’s get a safety pls
Lamar playing some 10-D chess there with that pick
Youve got to be a dick if youre pissing Lamar off
Dez paving the way love to see it
"Dez Bryant is fucking awesome, great block"
Boykin tall af and it came in handy finally
"*watching a live stream be like*

Looks like we lost the toss boys let's hope Lamar can open with a TD"
Miles Boykin w 2 touchdowns in last three games!!
Boykin has been so good on extended plays in the endzone.
BIG BOYKIN NO LITTLE BOYKIN
why aRE We thRoWiNg
"God I hope Dez rubs off on Miles. If Miles could pick up on how Dez set up those shoulder fades with Tony, Lamar will have an incredible weapon."
That drive just convinced Harbs and DeCosta to not go after another WR this offseason
I love how wholesome Larry Fitzgerald is. Just been a consummate professional for years and years now.
Did the announcer call him Borkins?
"Dolphins tied 0-0

Colts winning 7-0"
I won’t really be in the GDT as my niece and mother in law are here. Just wanted to say I’m glad you all will be respectful and happy today. Happy Sunday everyone. GO RAVENS!
Blatant holding on McPhee
What a play by Bowser. Damn he has stepped up
Holy fuck I thought he has an easy first I didn't see Queen on my screen at all!
"Slay, Queen."
Queen cooking up some sackaroni & cheese
Holy shit I didn't even see that ball come out
Lol.   Lamar
Lmao that was actually funny
Ok Houston sucks we’re gonna have to pull for the pats lol
It's a sad day when we have to root for the Patriots to pull off a W
Jesus that looked really fuckin easy for JK
"Him tying the rookie record is wild because if Roman wasn’t so dense and played JK more, he would have well over 6."
Queen showing up today
Queen just out there playing out of his mind!
"so uh, why are the Jags still trying to run the ball?"
Seems like Queen is involved in every tackle this game.
Queen is a fucking monster today!!!
If we aren’t gonna use Ferguson we might as well have activated Ward.. I WANNA SEE ASAP FERGUSON GET REPS AND DEVELOP
The D is killing it man
"Currently at my grandfathers doing a birthday parade for him, only been able to catch bits and pieces... can someone fill me in on the highlights/lowlights so far?"
mandrews pulls that in without that jersey grab
"Lamar doesn't need to run this game. Keep him in the pocket, keep him safe, and let Gus and JK do their thing"
That beating the rug commercial gives me an asthma attack just looking at it
"Jags are selling-out completely to stop the Lamar runs, no point in continuing them if they're giving up everything else"
Pad them stats bois!!!
Patrick Queen all over the field today
Gus Edwards-Helaire
Queen is having himself a DAY
"Texans down 7-14 against Indy, NE up 6-0 over Miami.

Looking decent on getting at least 1 game going our way!"
X gon give it to ya
EVERYONE BUST THAT NUT
THE X HAS BEEN THROWN UP BABYYYY
❌❌❌
THROW UP THE MOTHERFUCKING X!!!
DEEEEEZZ DEZZZ DDDDEEEEEEZZZZ
DEZ MOTHER FUCKING BRYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANT
DEZ TOUCHDOWN!!
X
WE BEEN WAITING ON THIS ONE HELL YEAAAAAHHHHH
DEZ BRYANT
the sub just nutted
YES! DO THE X!
DEZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I was cheesin so much on that TD by Dez 🙅‍♂️
GOOD THINGS HAPPEN WHEN YOU GIVE LAMAR TIME TO THROW
DEZZZZ
Sanders missed FG
Dez catching a touchdown and last episode of the mandalorian have me hyped all weekend.
YANNICK GETTING SOME
WE GOT THE X AND A YANICK SACK
Harbaugh that dude for trying to get the ball back up 26-0
Jags OL is like a buffet of stats
Look at our boy Marlo getting in there
Let tucker kick from 65 cowards
"Eh, not a big deal. Would have been a bit of salt in the wound."
Why am I very sad with that miss lmao man I am really greedy
is it just me or Rosas kinda looks like some beginner cgi artist edited his own face to an nfl player's body?
A sloppy series to put it in Tucker range.
"We want Tennessee to win , right? We would lose out on a tiebreaker if the Colts win the division."
"Miami winning this is not good for us, buffalo could rest their starters vs Miami week 17"
"someone: \*flinches\*

the whole defense: MOOOOOOOOOOOOOM HE DID IT"
Meanwhile their RT is putting Judon in a chokehold
Pats come the fuck on man.
Double covered and a RB managed to pull that in. Come in guys.
"They were due a score, but it always makes you worry when it happens so easily on their first drive after the half."
"That's just a really good throw and catch, not too mad"
Minshew lowjey slinging that mf👀🍆
This is why roman needs to go. Stop trying to play 5 d chess against a joke team. We always go away from what works in the first half without the other team stopping it. Feed dobbins and gus and let's go home
Woah. Hollywood was blocking
Number one WR Gus Edwards
GUS RECEIVING? WOO
Lamar Jackson
I want a pick six
Mid 4th quarter streets want H U N T L E Y
Lol just walk it in
"When they said Gus goes deep, I thought they meant something else... let’s gooooooo."
Pats back in the lead!
Please Patriots and/or Texans. Do something for us please
British fan here - your commercials for cancer drugs are insane....
Ravens could probably put up 50+ easily if they wanted to.
Chark is ridiculous that is 3 high difficulty catches he's made today.
Y’all seriously can’t be turning on Marlon right? He’s clearly playing hurt
"Ravens and 2nd half defense, what a duo"
Extremely depleted in the secondary + a ridiculous amount of circus catches = yards and touchdowns. I’m not gonna put a whole lot of stock in it.
I swear Humphrey is trying to use this game to boost his FF stats. Sacrificing tackling for punching the ball on every play
That’s the yannick we wanted
So sad Calais can’t play
Ngakoue revenge game is real
yannick lets gooooooo baby just getting started
Keeping my eye heavy on that pats dolphins game
"The London game was 44-7. Just saying, would be nice finishing with something similar"
Fuck I hope he just isn’t used to getting hit and he is okay
lmao what the fuck was that
Tyree Phillips 💀
Deshaun take my energy
Line Tyree up like the Fridge next week if he’s healthy 😂
Holy shit I hope Tyre is ok but also LMAO dude just ran for a 1st down trucking several jaguars in the process
Really hope Tyre is okay after that amazing effort play. Dude was flying
Is the commentator comparing Hollywood to a trash can?? Damn dude
And Tyre Phillips being checked for a concussion
Lamar throwing great today
"**Touchdown MANDREWS!!!!**

39-7 Ravens"
Let’s get a Jackson 5 today
Go for 2 so we can get 44-7
Good to see Hollywood and Lamar looking like friends on the sideline again
The MVP with 4 total TDs today!
Tyre Phillips made that drive happen!
"I have no memory of any London game. Must not have happened, I would know 🤔"
How the fuck do we have no penalties today
That was tuff on rosas😂
Holy shit what a fucking punt lmao
Gotta give Rosas some props on that one regardless.
That is the most jacked punter i have ever seen
He kinda looked like a goalie kicking the ball
I really like this Rosas dude ngl
Greatest punt in nfl history
"Huntley is Lamar in a diff body, we should keep him and sell high when he torches preseason games next season 👀"
Move Huntley to perm backup
#Lamar looking like 5 year old me on Christmas
Huntley may have just jumped over Trace and RG3 in the depth chat
lmaoooo Huntley turned shit into sugar goddamn that was nice
Huntley showing some flashes out there god damn
4th & 20 at 4:20
Whats the point of going for it on 4th and 20?
I love how this game thread is becoming a Texans game thread watch
Tucker fantasy owners livid right now.
LJ FORT APPREACTION COMMENT
Chark has bailed out Minshew so much lmao
God damn the bad luck train continues for Baltimore. Texans fumbled on the 2. Christ.
YOU GOTTA BE FUCKING KIDDING ME HOUSTON
So the Texans just fucked us again
FUCKKK HOUSTON FUCK WHY FUCKKK
Houston choked and as of right now New England is down 12-22 with 3 min left. Fucking useless.
 Damn marlon is having a rough game
Why can we never get any fucking help lmao. Every single fucking year
Coutee really had to mess it up. Fucking Texans
Feel like we’d beat the dolphins by 17
That playoff picture is a tease lmfaoo
"Mazel Tov to John Harbaugh and the Ravens

&#x200B;

Ravens win 40-14 and are 9-5 on the season"
"That's not ticky tack, he fucking layed him down totally unnecessary"
Jump ball in double coverage to a 5'9 receiver...
"LaMar runs aren’t working today. Overused, the Jags can see it coming a mile away"
"That's ALL on Lamar, throwing into coverage like that."
Fucking hell. Are you serious
I feel like Lamar thinks this is going to be an easy game. He’s not taking his opponent seriously.
That's on Lamar for throwing into double coverage but Brown needs to fight for that ball.
He has to stop forcing it to brown.
The drive was looking really good. He had time in the pocket just a really bad decision/pass.
"Feels like the 3rd time this year Lamar has underthrown a deep ball to Hollywood in double coverage that turns into a pick, no idea why he is still doing it."
Doomscrolling is r/ravens
"Don't get me wrong...I like to blame Roman more than anyone, but that was just piss poor from Lamar."
Lol at people trying to blame that on Hollywood somehow. Underthrown ball again
Wait... Lamar threw the pick to add to our d sack numbers. Huge brain
"Lmao, Jesus. How does he lead the team with 5 sacks in week 15?"
Haters in the thread not realising the interception was just a 400 IQ arm punt by Jackson to set up the safety.
Please no more deep passes. That aint us right now (most of the time)
I hate that the roku is always behind 23 seconds yes I've timed it
Jags kicker is beefy.
"Lamar just wanted an extra 2 points before our first TD

goin big brain on em"
JK definitely passes the eye test
How tf did we get the best RB of the class in the late second round lol
Those are the plays brown needs to be making
Hollywood made a nice move to gain YAC? I like this version of the soulja
Say what u want but soulja is a cool nickname
OKAY BOYKIN I SEE YOU!!
Heck of a catch from Boykin
LETS GOOOOOOO TOUCHDOWN RAVENS
Boykin has had a much better second half of the season
Gta 5 really looks like ass now.
Offense has some swagger back
Patriots please pull this off
QUEEN FOR DROTY
"I wanna blow these cunts out. Don’t want a close, interesting game. Just an emphatic, dominant win"
All I want is DEZ td PLEASE LAMAR
That counter to dobbins always works lmao
Dobbins is an absolute fucking animal
Give it to Dez
"in other news, texans are some dick right now"
Say what you will about Greg Roman but he has a hot Dad Bod
JK. DOBBINS.
TD rookie of the year^(if he got the touches he deserved)
Dobbins is the future
I feel like Lamar's handoff subterfuge game is back onto last season's levels where he was fooling even people watching on a camera from above
Thats actually a really good play. Roman should more shit like that
Queen hype af today
Didn't hear Queen's name once last week. Glad to see him step up
Wasn't a horrible punt i dont think
Marone need to put Rosas at TE.
Lets go New England football team? 🤢🤮
Flacco special
Lamar hit em with the Flacco special
Lamar not been able to run oof
Fuck that could of been terrible for DEZ
"Haha ""attempt""😆"
Cam Newton wtf 🤦🏾‍♂️
TEXANS ARE BACK IN IT
Humphrey is ravenous
Phew Miami doesn’t get the TD
Yannick needs to get me like 3 sacks today.
"Usually, I say ""any given Sunday"" and worry about all games, but good god the Jags and Jets are pretty much automatic wins this year. I would say Bengals too but that'll be a divisional game on the road so I won't get cocky."
Myles Jack is the Jags entire defense lol
First down RAY Rice
Good job by Lamar to set up Marquise to run forward after the catch
How did the Jags win a game?
DEZZZZ
"LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO 
😭😭😭😭😭😭"
🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️
XXXXXXXX
#LETS  FUCKING GO
DEZZZZ! Glad he took back that rage-quit...!
THROW UP THE X
🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️
DEZZZZ!
DEZ
XXXXXXX
X
THROW UP THE X
#X 🙅🏾‍♂️
"Damn he bench pressed that DB off the route. 

Lamar’s gotta see him way faster. He was immediately open."
DEZ GONNA BE A HECK OF A PLAYOFFS RED ZONE TARGET XXXXXX
DEZ BABY!!! THROW UM UP FLOCK!! 🙅🏼‍♂️🙅🏼‍♂️🙅🏼‍♂️🙅🏼‍♂️🙅🏼‍♂️🙅🏼‍♂️
🙅🏿‍♂️🙅🏿‍♂️🙅🏿‍♂️🙅🏿‍♂️🙅🏿‍♂️🙅🏿‍♂️!!!!! Let's go!!!!
I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING
FINALLY!! THROW THE X!!!
🙅‍♂️
✖✖✖✖✖✖✖✖✖✖✖
🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️
I am just so happy for that man. Throw up that X!
muh dick hard
I know we all pumped for Dez but that was legit good improvisation on the play that kinda broke down
Yannick sack!!
I love seeing Dez sit next to Duvernay on the sideline
Oh Norwell should have gotten a penalty for keeping Bowser down. That was shitty.
"LOL Harbs with these timeout calls when we are already up 26-0 and less than a minute remaining? Haha, Jesus."
the one time you dont immediately run outta bounds bruh
Tucker is still the goat... No pressure even though that didn't go well
Tucker missed? Did the game glitch?
Don't like seeing Tucker miss.
"Damn Tucker washed can’t even make 57 yards smh 
/s"
I don’t give a shit what happened this season I fucking love this team
How did NE come out of the half and get shredded like that smh
Dammit Fuck you New England
Relying on New England to win in Miami in December is too risky lmao
fuck come on NE please win
The jags receivers have made a bunch of contested catches today
Fuck me these whiffed sacks are killing us
I swear once we get to the second half our defense just forgets how to play. It’s unreal
Man can one of the colts and dolphins lose smh
"If we lose this challenge, I kind of want us to go for it"
"bruh

you're 1-12... did you really need to do that"
"It's so nice to have a QB that can break off runs like that, especially on 3rd down."
"Damn, Gus Bus has better hands than brown"
Lil afternoon jog for the MVP
Gus Bus can do it all
To the idiots that keep saying stop Lamar running that’s like telling Mahomes to stop the deep pass fuck outa here he’s gonna play Lamar’s game
I love the poise that Lamar has in the pocket
"Low key I’m glad Lamar got a week off, he looks way closer to last year now"
I absolutely cannot believe these ridiculous catches
Humphrey getting destroyed
this ravens defense just disappears in the second half. the lack of adjustments is alarming
I've never seen so many terrible passes caught. Good thing the talent gap is so high.
If we get into the playoffs we need to hope we don't have to play bills or chiefs. They will shred this secondary
FINALLY a turnover!
YANNICLJJJJJ
"Missing 3 CBs is not ideal for when we play a real team

Hopefully they get healthy for playoffs."
YANNICK AGAIN!!!!
Holy fucking shit hahahahah
That was funny... until he got hurt. Please be okay Phillips
Name an NFL football player who avoids contact more than Hollywood.
I think we need a new strength and conditioning coach for more reasons then 1
Hopefully he just got the wind knocked out of him
LETS GO TYREE!!
HOUSTON TIES INDY 20 ALL
r/yesyesyesno
PHILLIP THE BULLDOZER
Did we just lose our right tackle to madness
"Tyre Phillips  channeling William The 'Refrigerator"" Perry"
Marquise needed this game
Remember y’all said he couldn’t throw deep 2 hours ago
Hollywood is reignited
"Dobbins is patient, elusive and hard to bring down"
Hollywood playing better today than he has all season
"Hollywood may have a lot of drops this season which is very frustrating, but he is very good at getting open"
>Offensive lineman Tyre Phillips is being evaluated for a concussion. - @Ravens
That's a grown ass Mandrews
Texans and colts tied up too
We are looking real good today I hope the dolphins lose
Willie at qb time?
"I know we'll probably see Huntley next drive but I hate seeing a day where Lamar is playing this well end prematurely. Has happened too often, selfishly speaking"
Trace McHuntley
This game feels like last season
Come on Cam. Wanna see your winning post game press conference outfit
Everytime they show the kicker I think it's a lineman.
Wow! Huge props to Rosas for getting that off. Looked like a disaster about to happen
Bruh is there ANYONE Lamar hasn’t played?
Three dual threats!
👀 that boy got some wheels
"Tyler ""Lamar Jackson"" Huntley"
"Huntley has wheels!

Also love Lamar getting pumped on the sideline lmao"
Tyler “Lamar Jackson Jr” Huntley
STUNTLEY
Lamar 2.0
Lamar #2
Oh so he fast fast
RG3 looking like the odd man out
Bro that throw was fucking beautiful
How did he get a positive gain out of that
Lamar's having a blast
Yeah I think Huntley might be the right kind of backup for Lamar
Huntley can play jeez that was a throw
Its ok guys were setting Huntley up for a 50 yard TD
"I had the game muted, why was the offense out on 4th and 20 lol"
COME ON DESHAUN DO IT!
"That was effortless by Huntley, he’s gotta be the backup"
Lorenzo Taliaferro  so sad    😢😢😢
How many picks is Fort gonna be robbed of this year JFC this is at least the third time this season
Texans are shite
LJ is allergic to interceptions
"Fuck, taking a pick six away from LJ fort man"
Incoming illegal formation to close out the game?
Jaylon you idiot lmao
Texans fumbling the game away inside the 5 against the Colts AGAIN smh
oh my god houston for fucks sake
I don’t think any team would ever miss the playoffs with 6 games and 7 seeds at 11-5. We may be the first
Man the texans almost had it god damn it😭😭
Oh well. Go Giants I guess
😭Houston really lost like that
"We win out, we are getting in. One of those games will be a L for the Browns/Dolphins/Colts"
Every god damn week. Fuck the AFC
I have zero hope Giants do something but i’ll send them all my energy anyway
Humphrey has been playing pretty damn bad honestly. What's going on.
I don't think I've ever rooted for the cheaters but when I do they are terrible af
"Dolphins will beat Vegas and Buffalo will have nothing to play for. Cross that one off the list. We're gonna need the Browns to lose to NY tonight or Pittsburgh. Or PIT to beat Indy next week. Honestly, I don't feel great about one of those happening."
"1 minute and 44 seconds away from a game without an illegal formation penalty, and yet"
LOL we had an illegal formation on special teams 😂
"Ah, the weekly Illegal formation."
Colts just exploited 2 free wins off of the Texans
We almost made it without illegal formation. Smh
I'm mad that we let them score.
STOP FORCING THE BALL TO MARQUISE
Lamar has thrown that fucking same interception every week
Man how nice does Tyler Huntley look? Looks like a Lamar clone out there.
Sacks???? Who is this defense?????
That was a PI buuut ok
Lmfao I thought /r/nfl was the reactionary sub
It's going to be devastating if we miss the playoffs at 11-5 with an expanded playoff this year. We're hitting our stride finally. But we'd have no one to blame but ourselves. We blew multiple games this year.
OF COURSE we take care of business and both New England and Houston fucking choke.
Damn Rosas is fucking JACKED for a kicker
Love this start. 2 easy passes! Taking advice from Stefanski for Baker
Jk but he ain’t joking
Should have thrown to Dobbins for the 5 yard gain I think. I think it’s okay to be methodical to start the game. But I guess if Lamar makes a better throw we get a TD there.
I get taking a shot after some quick gains but that ain’t it baby
Okay. That was bad. Quit bailing on Lamar... mnf was only 6 days ago.
"Show him what you got Lamar! Let him have it!!

""Here ya go, you can have it. :)""

Plankton would be so god damn disappointed."
"That was really unnecessary, moving the ball well. Need to be much smarter then that"
[deleted]
JUDON LOOKIN FINEEEE
Name another quarterback that can turn a pick into 2 points.... I’ll wait
wait we’re allowed to sack the QB??
Lamar playing 4D chess guys chill
You can always trust Judon to beat a tight end. Tackles not so much
Absolute 200 IQ play from Lamar.
Tactical interception by Lamar there
I’m so glad Eifert got beat. Hate that mf lmao
I wonder what was the last time a team scored a safety in consecutive weeks
Dobbins reminds me so much of Ray Rice with how he plays
"Wishing all the trash AFC teams who could help us with a win

A very good afternoon"
Quick short passes and run
LOVE that block by Dez on that Hollywood catch
"Great job by Boykin and Brown there.

FUCK NO IT WAS DEZ. YEAHHHHH DEZ"
Dez just had a really good block there
Look at Dez blocking!!
Sign Dez for next year. I love that man.
Elite Dez block
Ravens subreddit in so so many shambles
Dez with a great block
First good thing I’ve seen boykin do all year. Happy for him
Boykin using that height let’s go
"Holy shit, did we just get a WR TD in the first half of a game, can't fucking believe what i'm seeing"
Dez gets me so fucking hyped let’s go!
"Hollywood really shows flashes of big play ability, I cant wait till he figures it out"
Guess we're not calling holding on the opposing team's O line again.
Patriots intercept the Dolphins in the end zone!!!
Lol they gotta go madden style today
Jags must really want Lawrence
👑👑👑
YAS QUEEEEEEN
YAAAAAAS SLAY QUEEN
Harbaugh pulling the grass off JKs helmet. So wholesome
Would’ve been 16-0
Perfume commercials are always stupid but I'll make an exception for fuckin Bowie
I can't help but think of Cameron Tucker from Modern Family when I see Greg Roman
Love seeing dobbins score the TD
That JK sweep is unstoppable
Dance on em Dobbins 🤣🤣
EZ MONEY!!!
I swear that is the same exact dobbins handoff sweep that works every time lol
Dobbins is such a slick runner with the rock. Franchise RB right there!
Is Dez playing today?
This is going to be a tough game. LOL JK
Whoever our backup QB is should start warming up now
Keep scoring. I want Jacksonville to get Lawrence for his sake
JK baby I love you but for the love of god pull your mask over your nose it doesn't do anything like that
Lets get a shutout!!!
"You know these announcers who I have no idea are, are way better than listening to Fouts"
Queen looking to improve that PFF ranking...
Queen is the man.
OK AVERETT
Don't talk bad about Averett.
Patrick queen is everywhere today
The jags using a linemen to punt?
When’s Huntley coming innnnnn
"I think we will se Mile Glennon after half for the Jags.

Kinda would be hype if we saw Huntley for us too"
Just a random thought: Imagine how OP our team would be if FGs were half as wide
"That was a smart penalty. Without it, it's TD by Andrews."
Lamar runs shouldn’t be planned. They need to be off the cuff to be effective.
Andrews goes deep good things always happen
Justin Tucker.  That is all.
The GOAT does his thing!
3 possession game now.
"I know we all appreciate Tucker here, but let’s take a moment to really appreciate him, Koch, and Morgan more. Like, a 46 yarder I just was like “yeah we’ll be up 19-0 soon” not even a second thought. Is there any other team in the league you can just think that?

And last week wasn’t even worried for the game winner."
"Minshew really do got the gritty ""ready 180 set hut"" QB Cadence tho"
Fuck Cam Newton
ANOTHER baller play by queen
Is it pronounced Yuh-neek or Yah-nick?
whats that 4 TFLs already for Queen?
FG Pats 6-0
"Okay they overturned that fumble recovery, NE is up 6-0"
I'm so excited for the thought of 2021 for the hope that we'll have actual fans on the stands. This fake crowd noise for us is awful and makes the games at M&T hard to watch.
I think we are the best at beating bad teams in the NFL if that means anything
"LMAO what was that Tenet ad. Review just said ""W O W"""
Good quick decision Lamar
Soulja 3 for 3 today
Dobby is gonna be a star baby
"Finally, a pass to a back"
"Roman is calling a decent game. I mean the Jags are ass, but still."
THROW UP THE MFIN X YALL
DEZ BRYANT 🙅‍♂️
# THROW UP THE X
X
"**Dez Bryant into the endzone!!!**

&#x200B;

**Touchdown Ravens!!**"
# MY MAN
X
X X X X X X X X
Throw up that X 😈😈
DEZ!!! You love to see that
#X
X TIME
DEZ boy
HOT DAMN DEZ GOT ONE!11111111111
THROW UP THE X
I think Dez is happy he didn't sit out the year tbh
**THROW UP THE X FOR DEZ'S FIRST TD AS A RAVEN!!!!!**
❎
🙅‍♂️
❌❌❌
Dez Bryant
Congrats Dez.   Its been awhile.
Lmao Dez benched pressed that CB
X
❌❌❌❌❌
Fuck that throw was beautiful too. X!!!
RETURN OF THE X
🙅🏾‍♂️
"A prime Dez would be so good for this team. If only Miles Boykin reached his full potential, that would be him."
Minshew's gonna need some new pants
Fun fact you can have 3 half sacks on one play
*all the doom and gloom posters log out for the week*
This is payback for that London game!! Hang 40 on them!
It’s weird to see Tucker miss lol
is tucker allowed to miss?
Good thing that didn't happen 6 days ago lol.
That miss doesnt count
It feels sacrilegious pulling for the Pats but here we are...
where in the fuck are the turnovers
Please tell me our CBs are coming back next week
what’s chris mcalister doing
We are so close to a sack and the EVERY BODY DO THE FLOP
"We wither give Minshew 0 time to throw or a ton of time, no in-between lol"
Idk how you fix it but Queen has got to work on his coverage skills
"I'm kinda pissed, I wanted to shut them out.

We must avenge 44-7!!"
I don’t think 1 time I’ve wanted NE to win that they have managed to do it
"> [[Zrebiece] ""Ravens say CB Davontae Harris is done for day with a thigh injury. Ravens seem to lose a CB every game.""](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1340744232202584072)

The Ravens are down to Humphrey, Averrett, Williams, Desir and technically Levine at corner today."
Half yard? Is he blind?
Lol challenge all you want nothing will be changed
A lot of bad calls going our way... I’m not upset
Same as the game for the Steelers that went against us. The angle of the camera isn’t dead on. So it shows a gap when there isn’t one.
Steelers got it and so should we damn it
"They just did the chains, how can you review it again"
"Texans get a FG, 17-13 Colts"
Wide receiver Gus Edwards
EZ
Gus the Airplane
Gus the Bus the deep threat
Gus Edwards can catch????
I deadass thought that was Dez at first lmao
gus went from a bus to a fucking plane
Gus “DeAndre Hopkins” Edwards
Come on Pats
Second half Ravens defense lmao
Y'all forget we are missing Marcus and Jimmy today? And playing a hurt Marlon still on their best WR?
"Okay they have had like six 4 or 5 star catches today. I count 3 by Chark, one by Eifert, one by Robinson on the TD. Shenault may have had one too."
"Regardless of a 26 point lead, our D can’t keep slipping in the 2nd half."
heh heh...Shatley...
YANNICK
YANNICK!! THE FUMBLE
HAHAHAHA
YANNICK DOES IT AGAIN
Verizon commercials suck ass
Yannick is showing up today
"in rando news, have y'all seen the cams in washington game

hot damn that's some good ass quality"
Just when I was about to lament the fact that we had no takeaways today... Yannick comes through in the clutch
C'mon Deshaun Watson
HOU IN THE RED ZONE
That may be the best play of our season.
Hope he’s okay
"please be ok, i hope he's ok"
What actually was that
Ah yes the old guard up the middle play... Not what I would've called but it works
"Wow, that was so fun hopefully he's OK because a bad injury would ruin that awesomeness."
"the way he trucked that guy has me fucking crying lmao, I hope he's OK though"
The Pats hate us
That was exactly the kind of throw I'm looking for Lamar to make.
THAT WAS FOR TYRE
hollywood redemption arc
Marquise you get three letters back in your nickname. “Hol” brown
I love this drive lmao
Perfect throw
That’s one of the handful of times we used Hollywood correctly
"A couple bad decisions on Hollywood's part today, but on the whole, nice game, kid."
J.K
What a drive!
And what do YOU want on your 40-burger?
Mandrews!!!
mandrews is my dad btw
Welcome to another episode of teams not winning when they need them to
Remember last year when we started writing fanfic about what Sam Koch was getting up to since we never punted. Classic
"Take notes steelers, this is how you bury the Jags"
">With Ravens up 40-7, Tyler Huntley is taking snaps on the sideline. Looks like Lamar Jackson's day is over. This will be the first snaps for Huntley, an undrafted rookie out of Utah. He's the primary backup with Robert Griffin III and Trace McSorley on IR. - @jamisonhensley"
"Holy crap, stadiums look weird as shit with people in them."
Houston is blowing it like fucking crazy rn
I hope Lamar puts on those shades
okay that was amazing. THICC KICK
Rosas looks like he's going to murder someone's entire family after this game ends
Let’s just run Dobbins till the end now
Their punter always has a confused smile on his face lol
That’s a punter?!
Okay - I like this Rosas guy
Did they photoshop that purple shirt on him?
Time for Huntley to look goated and we flip him for a 2nd
DAMN Huntley is fast as hell!!
Why is lamar still in the game /s
 Is Huntley faster than Lamar holy shit
Lamar looks so happy lol
Huntley *fast*
The Florida QBs on this team lmao
Tyler Huntley  ➡️  Lamar Jackson 2.0
Holy fuck this boy is fast
This whole game is just dope!
Lmao Huntley Got some wheels!!!!
I thought we sat Lamar?
Is there an MVP for backups?
Harbaugh wants to be at the cool kids table lol
Boykin catch the ball
Lamar is so fired up for Huntley I LOVE it
LJ8 dancing when #2 makes a play is so wholesome!
"Damn, Huntley looks pretty good. That was a great throw to Boykin"
"ALRIGHT, WHAT PLAY WE GOT FOR 4TH AND 20"
We need a clutch TD drive from Deshaun Watson
Lmao Mekari with a bad snap and a personal foul. ALl time bad rep
THE DISRESPECT LMAOO
"Welp, there's no way Huntley is staying on the practice squad 🤷‍♀️"
Everytime LJ gets the ball some bullshit happens
RUDE refs far out
"Never leave points on the field if you don't have to. 

Huntley can run this offense if he has to."
Goddammit texans
Put Ferguson in the corner.  Dumb play.
"Yeah wtf, not just late, but going for the head?"
Fuck the Patriots and Texans
Poor lj keeps getting picks taken away
Texans shit the bed 😐
That houston fumble is fucking killing me
"Can't imagine we're gonna need Pittsburgh's help to get into playoffs. For one time Pittsburgh, don't fuck us in the ass and do your job for fuck's sake"
"Fucking Texans, what a joke"
"NE still has a chance, but it's REALLY SLIM"
I can’t believe we may go 11-5 and not make the playoffs. That’s some real bull shit man.
"let's go giants tonight

let's go raiders and jets next week. aint rooting for no damn steelers unless i have to"
Let’s hope the giants beat the browns
"For the penalty bingo, illegal formation!"
JFC. Why is it now a flag fest? Guys -- let the game end!
If we dont make the playoffs this was the covid season anyways
Trying to make our quota of penalties for the game?
These refs are getting annoying now. They're calling everything on us.
Fuck Colts won
GG boys. Let's all hope the Giants do us a favor tonight!\~
we're really about to be kept out of the playoffs by teams worse than us
If we lose to the 1-12 jaguars we have serious problems.
Why throw that?! Jfc
"thrown into double coverage against our shortest receiver, nice"
Cmon that’s DPI he had the off hand wrapped around Dez arm.
Real Souljas don't step out of bounds!
I’m annoyed. They’re playing COLTS TEXANS on CBS in the Louisville area. They’ve prioritized the ravens since Lamar was the starter. Guess the Jags screwed is as not a good draw
"Pros: The game is at 1 on a Sunday which is nice as a return to normalcy. 

Cons: I have to stream the game for the first time in over a month because our games have been nationally televised for weeks. 

Let’s go Ravens."
Omg are we actually running play actions? FINALLY
Lamar why r u forcing that ball
"Stop forcing it to Brown, Jesus. Just March down the field over and over on these clowns."
This is why Hollywood looks even worse then he is.
"If we’re gonna force it, why force it to Brown and not Andrews?"
Get the bad plays out of the way early. Let's see what D can do.
I love Lamar but he can’t throw into double coverage to brown. He will never win any battle.
"Clearly the plan was for Lamar to throw a pick at the goal line for a safety, it was all planned"
4D chess
"2-0, let's just sit on it and go home"
Minshew held that ball wayyyyyy too long
"“The jags are GARBAGE” we will continue to throw it deep to try and get into the grove passing before the playoffs we know we can run for 500 yards against the jags but we wanna polish our passing game so we will throw it a lot, get over it"
What is minshew doing lol. Obviously rough position to be put in but you can’t go through your reads in the end zone. Good pressure!
Jets GM salivating
Thats a big punter
Having that additional speed with Dobbins is really nice.
Really nice patience by jk there. Hit the burners after a defender committed to a bad angle
Good shit Boykin!
Thank you for passing the ball!! This is THE game to get things right! Hell of a job going through progressions there
That block by Dez was perfect. Glad to see Hollywood catching passes today.
Lamar throwing it 20ft but Boykin still catching anyway
That BOYKIN catch
Hell yeah boykin
that was great to see from hollywood
"Hollywood and Boykin with back to back big plays? Things are looking up, gentlemen"
Boykin catch radius 🔥🔥
Okay Boykin
Amazing how when you high point a ball with a big ass receiver and not Brown good things happen
That was such a Dez esk TD Boykin is definitely learning
Are they just allowed to hold Yannick? Every fucking game
Bowser has had a fantastic second half of the season. Really hoping he's permanently turned a corner
ROTY
All the Queen haters where you at?
Hail to the Queen!
TUA THREW A PICK
Bowser almost had him too
PAT MCQUEEN
Let’s go
Is that 3 sacks already?! 😳
Killer Queen
"If Patrick Queen doesn’t win DROY, I protest. Chase young has had some big plays but Queen has been a consistent playmaker each game"
Oh shit Lamar re-unlocked his touch passes. League fucked.
MANDrews
Dobbins has so much juice
Prepare to throw up an X my friends
Practice run
Bad fumble good recovery
Our lines on both sides of the field are playing great. When lamar has time and when our rushers can apply pressure we look like a totally different team
Whats the playoff picture IF we win
Dez X Dez X Dez
#LET DOBBY EAT
[deleted]
Trap game my ass
Just want to remind everyone that the Browns beat this team by only 2 pts
Surprised Lamar didn't take that in 2018...
Most jets thing ever
Queen had that sniffed out. Even moved the lineman to the right spot!
Gardner Minshew saying “hut” sounds so unenthusiastic.
Im calling it here: Dobbins is going to break a lot of franchise records
Another screen for a first down. Maybe in 2025 we’ll stop those
"yeah uhhh, you don’t want b will hitting you lmao"
Another monster play by Queen
Queen is everywhere!
"Come on Belichick remember last year when the Dolphins knocked you out of your first round bye, fucking win"
Queen is so hyped today
Tompa Bay sucks
Good play by Averett.
Decent punts so far
That was a good play I can’t even be mad
"If you're gonna leave a guy unblocked, you can't run that kind of play lol"
Andrews would’ve caught that without the PI. I’m ok with that
Not targeting DEZ is fucking criminal wtf man
Glad we are taking deep shots. Need to work on those.
"Daaamn that would have been a beauty if he caught it, but DPI is still okay"
That was PERFECT ball placement.
Roman forgot we have Dobbins. Wtf...
Nice to hear an announcer acknowledge our lack of PI calls
We’re up by 16 just go for it
🐐
Dez target
That wasnt PI  against Dez?
That was Tuckers 69th point with his foot this year. Of a potential 75.
"Every time a kicker misses, we should all tweet 'Hugs' to Tucker."
Humphrey gotta be tired hope he can get some rest soon
NICK FOLK COMING IN CLUTCH FOR US
6-0 pats!
"We need to pour it on so we can get Lamar out. I’d be excited to see Huntley, but a ways to go to get there."
Queen is balling today he’s going to be a big problem soon
"goddamn Lions fumbling on the goal line, now we're really rooting for the Pats"
Anyone notice Williams took #29 😭😂
Flacco and Lamar are so fucking cool when shit goes wrong. Love that continuity. Bad snap? Let me pick it up and get a 15 yard play
Hey diddle diddle! Oh wait...
That was a good play by dobbins the other play
DEZ!!!!!!!!!!!!
DEZ!
# DEZ BRYANT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#DEZ DEZ DEZ DEZ DEZ DEZ
Helll yeah!!
X
DEZ BRYANT TOUCHDOWN
🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️
THROW UP THE X
THROW UP THA X
DEZ
DEZ
🙅
DEZ!!!!!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Dez was open the while time
🙅🙅🙅🙅🙅
#x
Love having a smart vet. Knows the scramble drill!
XXXXXXXX
Jesus I am more emotional about that td than I thought I would be
TD DEZ BUT WHAT A DOT BY LAMAR
X GONNA GIVE IT TO YA MOTHERFUCKER
XXXXX
DEZZZZZ DEZZZ DEZZZZ XXXXXXX
THROW UP THE X!!
Let's go DEZ!!!!
We are likely gonna see some Tyler Huntley today!
Is RG3 active again? Who’s gonna play QB in the second half?
Happy for Dez. Bravo.
Dez has still got it.
🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️
DEZ
Houston 1st and goal
Lamar is right at 10 Y/A again like last week. Elite efficiency is returning.
"THROW. IT. UP.
X"
Dez caught the ball
DEZ
"DET 15
TEN 21"
Player of the game: the o-line
X gonna bring it to ya!
Miami misses a FG at the half
Lamar missed Dez off the initial release Dez got from the defender. Great they got the connection with extention of the play. But we want / need Lamar to see the receiver open and make that throw at release.
GIVE DEZ ANOTHER
**UPDATE FROM MIAMI**: Jason Sanders misses a 52-yard field goal to end the first half. The Patriots remain up 6-0 over the Dolphins.
That was a nice move. I wish yannick and judon did moves like that more often
Brah I've been waiting for Ngakoue to fuckin do that move all season. Stop with the speed rushes and do what you're great at
Saxonville baby!
Love the announcer
Talk your shit McPhee!!!!
Yea you could honestly rip your helmet off and beat someone in the head and you get nominated for Walter Payton man of the year next season! Use your.. heads
"Jihad Ward is probably super pissed he’s a healthy scratch, this game will get you paid in the off-season. Seriously, he’s probably really upset about it."
"Brown and running backwards, name a better combo"
The one time marquise doesn’t go out of bounds wtf man lol
Bollywood sighting
"Tucker missed.

We must fire Harbs."
More likely Texans come back or Pats hold this 6 pt lead? I haven’t watched the Texans game at all
">Dez Bryant recorded his first touchdown since 12-10-2017... That was 1,106 days ago. Bryant led all WRs in receiving touchdowns (73) from 2010-2017 ❌❌❌ - @NFLResearch"
Has Tucker ever missed a game winning FG?
offense isn't sharp today but we are up 26-0 so i can't complain
"Take out the pick and Lamar is 

11/13 145 yds 2 TD

Looking like his MVP self"
Pretty funny that the Browns could only beat this jags team by 2 points
The best thing about this game so far is the lack of penalties against us. We have had so many this year.
"Our oline coach, Joe D'alessandris, deserves a god damn raise. Our oline has held up pretty well despite Yanda's retirement and all the injuries."
"Steeler fans be like “We are so good, we just demolished the Jags.” Frauds."
this sub is such a good place when we’re winning lol
"In a year as shit as 2020 has been I am so thankful for this team for providing a light to us.  Everyone from the players to the coaches, the staff, the social media team pumping out the incredible Youtube content, I just love this team man 😭"
Sith Lord Lamar
"Tyler Eifert is one of those players who, I will always feel, can go get fucked."
Come on ravens get the shut out for all the people in fantasy
If we win out and get no help we have no one to blame but ourselves and Skura
"Who is 29, Williams??"
Ed Reed still in NFL shape 👀
45 whiffing on a sack of Minshew by gwad
"Dude, they have made about 5-6 catches today that 90% of people don't make. It's getting wild"
"With Queen in pursuit, Marlon should have the opportunity to look up for the int..? Right?"
"It's hard being perfect all the time, especially when you're up big.  Defence got lazy on that one."
Do we really need play by play for the Mia NE game?
"Damn, was hoping for a shut out.  Been awhile"
i wonder who’s mic’d up this week
Why he drop that flag like that lmfao
Okay that is not a first down just like it wasn't when the Steelers did it.
"Minshew is special, I hope he ends up in a better situation like Washington or Chicago."
lmao these refs are terrible. holy shit
It was a touchback. The first down line is exactly the 35. You don't need to get chains involved.
That should be short... we started at the 25 and the ball isn't at the 35... they shouldn't even need chains 🤦🏻‍♂️
I dont understand why they have to measure. Ball is at the 25 for the touchback. If its at the 35 its a first down.
Those are not branches that make up Poe’s nest. Those are the bones of our enemies.
Why does Poe's nest look like a batch of xanny bars 😂
All that bullshit just to immediately pick it up
These announcers are not familiar with the Ravens going for it on 4th down.
"Maybe what we needed all along was another ginger Thor on the field. Not to do anything, just as like a totem idk."
SToP tHe LAmaR RuNs
#HIGH OCTANE VERTICAL BUS
Lmao Lamar juked that guy without even looking at him
That looked so goddamn easy lol
"**TOUCHDOWN RAVENS!!**

&#x200B;

**JACKSON INTO THE END ZONE**"
That was way too easy lmao
Throw more to the running backs
"I like the idea of our RB's getting down field. If our WR's aren't gonna catch, then maybe they could"
THAT was a different run play design. Greg dropping some new shit.
I think we will see Huntley today.
LFG another td
Pats take the lead
"That was great poise under pressure by Lamar, really proud of that play"
Love how were looking rn 🤩
"Jags wideouts are nasty. If they get a good QB in the draft, they're gonna be fun to watch"
Jags just turned into the 2007 Colts
Yessssssssss yannick balling out
Lmao Ngoukae ran into that FF!! Hell yeah
Go D!!!!!!!!!
Yannick!
Let's gooooo Yannick!!
"Forced fumble for Ngakoue

&#x200B;

Take that Jacksonville   👊"
YANNNICKKKK
Can people chill about the defense for a minute now?
We finally recovered a fumble again!
That had to have felt good. Let's go!
Yannick! What a play against his old team.
[deleted]
Yannick came to play today
YaNnICk wAsNt WoRtH a 3Rd
Give jk the ball more need to win a fantasy game lol
Yannick is going to win AFC defensive player of the week.
Think it’s time for 83 to play qb. I got the need for Snead
"Me, a 28 year old that runs on the treadmill occasionally and hasn’t played serious sports since high school, that knows full well I get gunned out playing beer league softball at first base to a professional football running back (and a great one at that): “OH GUS WHY DIDN’T YOU CUT OUTSIDE! DAMNIT”"
Damn Hollywood.   Could at least get back to line of scrimmage
M&T&Bank lmao
Watson TD
#HOU TD. CONVERSION WILL TIE
Please be ok but holy shit that was awesome
Wow best run of the season
AT WHAT COST
God I fucking love the big boy runs
I don’t believe what I just saw
Can we put him at wr next game 🤣
OMG
That looks like the wind knocked out of him or a concussion
What a fucking baller. That’s unfortunate he went down :(
Fatman run is always fun to see
"I hope Phillips is alright, but goddamn that was an impressive play!"
If we don't get a replay of that run imma be mad
PLAY LIKE A RAVEN LMAOOOO
Is he okay. I didnt even see how he got hurt I i was laughing too hard
I can’t stop laughing
I absolutely LOVE how Lamar is looking with the deep balls today
"Oh shit!! First the mechanics, then the anticipation throws, them back to getting through progressions, and now the deep go? It’s all coming together"
#HOLLYWOOD
Hahaha 94 wtf you flexing for?scoreboard you dumbass
Beautiful pass and catch!
Pats have no offense so that game probably over
I want dobbins to get 100 yds
Keep feeding Dobbins
MAndrews
Tyler Huntley time?????????????
Time to bench the important guys on offense
Should we give Huntley a little garbage time to get acclimated?
prayers up for tyre
Still trying to work out that soda pop comment
"We are bullying the Jags real hard.
Go Ravens 🏈"
no not robinson he's been balling out
God the Pats stink
the falcons are such choke artists jesus christ
Anybody have that video of Lamar going to Hollywood so I can post to r/NFL?
Not going to lie that was kinda impressive
what a great job getting that punt off
"Okay wait a minute. That punt was NASTY. Incredible, really. Props to Rosas there"
Alright sincere respect to rosas for managing to escape that with a half decent punt instead of a safety lol
Holy fuck lmao. WTH was that
"Damn, nice job getting that off"
Harbaugh having sympathy on the punter
"Jacksonville’s punter is a badass (I’ll always love Koch tho, obvi)"
I feel much better about this Ravens team going into the playoffs if they get in. Something about last year felt too good to be true
Sucks needing help. None of these loser ass teams going to help us out today
Holy hell....that looked like Lamar!
Trace McHuntley is a speedster
We got a backup 😎
Lets go Huntley!!!!
Lamuntley
I’m enjoying watching Lamar huntley
DO WE HAVE 2 LAMAR JACKSONS??
#PRETTY GOOD FOR A PRACTICE SQUAD RB
Huntley is fucking quick
Huntley’s got some boost
#WHAT THE HELL AM I EVEN WATCHING?
"Man if Boykin hung onto that, would have been a beautiful addition to the highlight reel for Huntley."
He needs to be Lamar’s true backup
"Tyler Huntley is getting that contract now

Sorry Lamar /s"
Huntley colddd
They needed these past few games. They needed to have fun and get back in the game. I hope we win out.
Huntley making the most of his limited snaps
Texans ain't lost yet
"Going for it on 4th & 20? Weird.

I can only assume Harbaugh didn't want to ""run up the score."""
Huntley and McSorely gonna be fun to watch next preseason
I love Huntley but I do wish we went for the field goal on 4th and 20.
Fucking idiot
The packers and browns really almost lost these Jags
Jaylon you LJ fort a nice dinner and bottle of wine
Refs trying to ice us to not make the score so lopsided
"Curious why RTP takes precedence over the INT... I understand not wanting to reward the defense, but shouldn't you enforce it from where the INT happened?"
Fucking Coutee Butterfingers
Fuck you Houston. Are you fucking serious
Can the Jags score real quick so we can see another Huntley drive? That shit was exciting!
Texans are the most tragic team. I feel bad for Watt Watson and their fans
Stupid Huston.
"just chiming in to say fuck the patriots

edit: and the texans"
One more series of Huntley please
what is with Houston and fumbling right at the last moment against the Colts?
We’re going to be the 11-5 8 seed how fun
"its okay guys, the browns will lose to the giants and im gonna laugh my ass off when they miss the postseason"
all my homies hate the texas today
God damnit we have to rely on the fakers...
"It’s cool guys, Browns gonna lose tonight."
Do I really have to root for the Steelers to take out the colts or browns????😩
Lmao who predicted an illegal formation
Weekly illegal formation
Went from a pick 6 to this. Thanks Ferguson lol
We just had to keep up out tradition of getting an illegal formation every game
I'm not really sure how Humphrey is supposed to cover a guy if he can shove him off with both arms and any reaction is PI on him. He either lets him score or interferes.
We really gonna go 11 and 5 and possibly miss out with 7 teams getting in. Very few teams miss at 11 and 5 they add a spot and we may be the unfortunate team to go 11 and 5 and miss out
Lay off y’all damn. It’s the first drive
“I hate watching Lamar overthrow receivers” *lamar compensates and underthrows* you all: shocked pikachu.jpeg
Hollywood and Boykin carried that drive r/ravens in shambles
Lol @Harbaugh cleaning off his rookie RB
Do we have to give Player of the Game to the Jags’ missing punter...?
Cut tucker smh can’t kick 🤦‍♂️ /s
Man Tucker's washed up let's get that Vaare dude back
What happens if the browns lose tonight?
Greg Roman trying to pad passing stats so he doesn’t look so bad at the end of the season
Throw into double coverage??? Whyyy
Every time Lamar throws it deep something bad happens. Either a pick or an incompletion.
Just a completely stupid and pointless play. Screwing around against bad teams is how you miss the playoffs.
"I hate to get over confident here, but that might be game."
"Queen has to be right there for DROY, yes Young is a pass rusher and Queen has shown flaws at times but he is having an amazing year."
"One dumbass commented earlier ""trap game"" lol"
"Lamar looks like he lost some weight and got faster since COVID, earlier in the season he was stocky asl"
Bro wtf is up with these goddamn catches
Like for the defense (performance and players) beginning to take back over lol
Pls texans or pats
"It's probably just the adrenaline (and egg nog) talking but eff Huntley szn -- I WANT MORE POINTS. Fuck the London game, and fuck the Jaguars."
It’s been weeks I’m concerned about Campbell man it’s annoying to keep hearing he’s still not better
"Do not underestimate this team. Play hard blow them out if you can, get that W.

LET'S GO RAVENS!"
I think we will see a 300+ yard rushing performance today. Lamar gus and jk all over 100.
"I can’t believe I’m saying this, but let’s go Pats..."
We gonna throw up that X today boys and gals? I can feeeeeel it
I’m really nervous for this game even though we are playing an injured 1 win team. We have not historically played well against bad opponents when trying to make the playoffs
My bold prediction is we get 3 sacks today
Dez back?
Yay purple tops black pants
Chonker
Lmao Ricard is a tank
Maybe Hollywood's hands are back.
Dobbins is so hot right now
That's on Lamar
"Why would you throw to Hollywood in double coverage. WTF, he can't catch shit to begin with"
That is just a terrible throw and decision. Disappointed after the quick start with a couple PA passes
Well not the best way to start the game but I'm glad we're at least trying to get Hollywood and Dobbins going early
Only person catching that is D Hop
such a nice looking drive too
Yeah that was a dumb throw but we’ll be aight
Hollywood needs like 4 steps on DBs to catch deep balls cause he ain't   fighting for shit. Doesn't help that the throw was way too short
"""Oh Lamar just needs to stop throwing to his WR1"""
Zero reason to go for a deep ball there why not just keep rushing/short passes
We’re not going to get better throwing the ball by not throwing it.
"The running game works just keep doing that 

We do t need to get cute"
"And just like that everyone hates Brown again. Not like he was double covered and happens to be the smallest guy on the field. 

I don’t even necessarily think the throw itself was bad. It was just a bad decision."
Imagine if Devante Smith falls to us this draft
"I’d like to see that same play but to Boykin or Bryant, but I understand why they want him to go to Hollywood so much; it’s to justify the pick and see if he is ready to bounce back/step up."
2 points!!!!
Way to pick up the slack let’s goooo
#TACO BELL
Judon gonna cost somebody else a lot of money next year
Calles that safety in my group chat with my buddies before commercial break. Suuuuccess
#judon sighting
Lamar with the 5 brain interception. He wanted two points. Y’all just can’t see the genius of it.
I love safeties lmao Idk 2 points are just so rare to see
LETS GO JUDON!!!!
What the hell was the return plan there lol
Judon against tight ends 🙏🙏🔥🔥
oh hell nah no one shoves my qb
Just run the ball
A strategic interception from Lamar
We should have 400 handoffs today by halftime
JK is so good (x4)
Jk is money on those edge runs
JK has looked so good the last few weeks
Jk is so good
"Dobbins, Gus, and Llama gonna get 100 yds rushing each this game."
Y’all see how he snapped his shoulders to hit Andrews? Mechanics improving again....
Im liking what brown is showing us today
What a block by Dez
What a catch holy shit
Fuck it I’m throwing up the 🙅🏻‍♂️ cause Dez had a great block there
#BOYKIN
Dude looked like calvin johnson on the play
TOUCHDOWN BOYKIN! GREAT CATCH
GREAT GRAB BOYKIN
That’s a beauty
What a catch
Wait go for 2 here
Go for 2
Nice to see Boykin go up and get one. Nice drive boys!!
Hell of a catch by Boykin!
Nice catch!
Am I the only one hearing Borkin?
Stupid idiots wanting us to run the ball against the jags? I want us throwing it 60 times we need to get in the groove passing
BIG BOY BOYKIN
Boykin might actually be a ravens wr success story
Nice TD Boykin
"For some reason, I think Miles Boykin is really going to breakout next year."
Fuck marlon is hurt
Yannick always rushes the outside angle and it like will only work like 5% of the time. I don’t understand it
"We're not holding the edge, really trying to get sacks and giving up contain"
Nice play Bowser.
That's a great shed by Bowser. Love seeing him do well
Robinson is tough as shit
Patriots pick
lol Minshew is not Lamar Jackson.
Long live the QUEEN!!!
Nice play by Queen
"And Pats got a pick, let’s go!"
This is gonna be fun to watch:))
queen!!!
Gardener likes the dirt.
Gonna be a fun day if they have to keep going for it every 4th and 5 or shorter lol
Remember all those NFL posts saying how good Minshew was?
Why is the crowd noise so dumb? They’re playing the “oooooooo” immediately after the play but before the play it’s quiet.
We are fucking teeing off on them
"oh boy, this is going to get ugly"
And there we see the difference between Mandrews and Brown
Jks vision is ridiculous
Looked like Sneed caught that?
Aw
It seems like most of Andrews catches come in the same spot and route.
it's like icing a kicker? td run that does not count
Greg not happy
New meme format? Anyone?
Newton is throwing ducks
Throw Dez a TD!
Dobbins woooooo I love that man
**DOBBY'S IN FOR SIX!!!!!**
Dobbins 💪😎
Outside  runs all day when we play our game we can not be beat by anyone except ourselves
Sick of seeing Tannehill. We get it we get it.
"Thats the type of play other QBs would do a forward toss to JK just so they could get the pass TD stat as well. Lamar all about winning, love it."
Queen is going to make up for our missing secondary all by himself
LoL JETS
Jfc what a hit
Big Jelly!!
👑
We thought Roman was bad lol
here comes mr jacked
Averett has gotten so much better I'm comfortable with him going forward
good play Averett
Rosas finna be punting all day
Ok Lamar that was a good deep throw
Still almost caught it
Torrey Smith Special
That was a beautiful throw
That was a good throw
Shades of Joe Flacco from LJ
Soft call but man inexpexted Andrews to catch that
lamar looks great today
I swear Fluker starts every game but gets replaced
Myles jack looking like a speedster
Automatic!!
Patriots are in the red zone!
We could use a shutout to get the D's average down.
"Seeing Myles Jack contain Lamar Jackson on the spy during the offense's last drive, I still wish Jack was drafted by the Ravens with the 36th overall pick in the 2016 draft instead of trading back and getting Kamalei Correa instead."
We can not afford to lose marlon man. Also don't want him to keep playing injured against a bad team up 19.
TD Texans!
any games other than Pats that we're tracking today?
"Gonna switch to Redzone soon, what are the AFC teams to root for?"
I respect the Jags taking shots and going for it
Actually kind of excited to see Huntley run the offense
I love how every big tech commercial has an annoying fucking song
"d e z

d e z

d e z

just putting it out there in the universe"
If the Pats beat us and lose to the dolphins Im going to be so pissed
imagine getting completely blocked by hollywood with inches on him
Hollywood caught a pass!!!
"Let’s get 7, not 3 please"
Spent some time in the shit talk jags thread. 10/10 recommend
These 30  Second commercials are annoying af   😒
So going 11-5 wouldn't guarantee a playoff spot? That's wild.
X
DEEEEEZ
#XXXXXX
DEZ!!!!!!
PUT UP THE X!!!!!!
DEZZZZZZ
THROW UP THE FUCKING X
This is the first game where I've actually seen Hollywood run and thought he looks fast
DEZ!!!!!! YEAH!!!!!!!!
XXXXXXXXX
DEZZZZZZZZZZ
DEZ BRYANT LES GOOOO
XXXXXXXX
These Jags beat the colts who are ahead of us somehow btw
🙅‍♂️
XXXXXX
X
X
X
🙅‍♂️
">d e z

>d e z

>d e z

>just putting it out there in the universe



CALLED THIS SHIT MANG!!!!"
X!!!!!!!!!!!
Beautiful throw by Lamar too
Return of the Mack playing.
#SEEK AND DEZTROY
Dez caught it TD
X’s UP!!!!!
Bro I thought Dez Quit
XXXXXXXXXXXXX
[Me right now.](https://comicvine1.cbsistatic.com/uploads/original/11/114265/2627454-long_live_the_mutants.jpg)
yeaaaaaa Dez
🙅🏿‍♂️
^^^^x
X!!!
🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️
I'm so fucking  happy for Dez
Hell yes
We going full tuitt today...pad them stats
Dolphins missed the FG yes
Lmao of course Yannick gets his sack today
HE EXISTS
6-0 pats at the half!!!
YANNICK THE FREAK
"Houston gets a FG, 14-10 Indy at the half"
Minshew is getting killed out there damn
I want Hump to rack up a punch out or two this game.
Look at the look on Ngakoue’s face he’s out for blood
Damn the stare down lol
Norwell doing bitch shit
"Norwell was on top of our guys, like come on"
Record FG incoming
"Fuck yeah, Dolphins are down by 6 at half and Houston is down by only 4. If they don't fuck up (New England at least) then we're good boys"
Idk announcer ask Myles Garrett
Are we dicks for calling these timeouts while being up 26-0?
"Marquis’s...come on, you have to get out of bounds there."
man go score 50 on these mfs. from the moment dude tried to drag his 🥜 for that pick i been wanting to spank these mfs
Still goated
Mediocre. We gotta cut this guy smh /s
Hell's frozen over again
Snap and hold looked sus
jags arent even average enough yards to get a 1st down in 4 plays lmao (2.1 yards/play)
Need a strong second half from the patriots and Texans here
All i want for Christmas is the pats or Houston to win. Or both
I think having a bunch of shit go wrong and then recovering mid season is going to do wonders for the team psyche for this season and the future
Tucker making me want rofo
If colts lose r we in?
they’re averaging 2.1 yards per play lmao
Cam needs to stop plying like dog shit against Miami. There's no reason for it he's not even being pressured on these throws
"We just need one of Miami, Cleveland and the colts to lose a single game and we win out and we’re in. We’re the ravens though, watch them all win out"
Why do we fall so much when we’re close to sacks
DBs are cursed
Our corners are cursed
nice just lost another CB. our cb14
Tramon Williams should have retired.
lmao double hold missed there
I haven’t seen a more obvious hold on Judon
Everytime i look at Minshew I think of the band Poison or Motley Crue
Saw that coming a mile away
BWill is all over the field today
Rosas is Brock Lesnar is disguise
Do not punt that ball that is 6 inches to go
~~Generous spot~~ He was on top of defender so not down!
"If we don't have it, go for it. You need like an inch"
There is no referee like Ron Torbert
Don’t get cute here
Cmon Cam... cmon Deshaun...
We all knew we were going for it and picking up the first either way.
holy fuck cam newton is so bad at throwing how did we lose to him
LLAMA
Impressed with Powers last few games.
Gus Edwards is the true WR1
Bozeman is gonna be here along time!
Gus do it all
Scored on the exact play we showed at the end of Q1
roman might not be great at designing passing plays but whew his run concepts
People that suggest that Lamar can't be a reliable pocket passer simply never watch games like this one
Man I love those double pulls for Lamar lol. Those boys love to block in space
 The patriots are winning 9-7!
How did Gus get that far down the field damn
Team is peaking at the right time. All we need is one loss from SOMEONE
Marlon and these damn DPIs
Their WRs are making some excellent catches
Really want to see a merciless blow out here. Get the confidence going.
"Damn, if ravens get into the playoffs. The second half defense is going to be scary as hell"
Eifert needs to fuck off forever.
Averett has the best Ravens hair since Torrey Smith’s dreads
Well how bout that
TURNOVER
YANNICK BALLIN TODAY
Nice yannick
Bend don’t break!!(Sometimes)
Finally!!
lets goooo
Lets gooooooo
Yannick breakout game
#HUGE
YANNICK
Texans 4th down conversion
Let's go Houston!!
Houston and patriots up
Big man with ball
"&#x200B;

Oh no...Another injured Raven"
TYRE LEGENDARY
I love the announcers' excitement when Philips started running with the ball
TYRE THE TANK
"Man, he just fought.
I hope he's okay."
tyre Phillips just took one
Nooo
"Houston tied with Indy, Dolphins in a goal to go"
Feed that man the rock!
Praying.
Big boy hours
LET'S GO HOUSTON
Loving watching you guys dominate.
Dolphins probably about to take the lead.
Big man play
Hope that's just a stinger. Absolutely destroyed a defender.
It was funny as hell after he gets up
LAMAR WHAT A THROW GOOD CATCH SOULJA
Mother fuck the Patriots with a rusty metal dildo.
WHAT A THROW AND CATCH
Hollywooooooood swinging
Brown is fucking playing great today holy shit
WHAT A THROW
Absolutely beautiful
Ooh okay He Hollywood now
Did Andrews lose some weight?
Why is Smoot celebrating a tackle down 100 pts?
HUNTLEY TIME
Lamar could go for 300 yards today which would be cool to see.
mandrews!
Time to bench some starters boys
That burger king commercial is my worst nightmare
We haven’t punted today lol
Fucking shit pats
WHY ARE YOU SHOWING LONDON
No please don’t show the london game
That loss was so embarrassing
"Ah man, that leg... yikes"
Texans ain't winning this one
I don't want to see this...
Oof they had to bring up that horrid London game
"Pats get the FG, down 3"
"looks like Huntley time, he's warming up on the sidelines"
Weak ass PI call
Tyler Huntley just needs to hand off.
**TYLER HUNTLEY HYPE**
Lamar is benched. What a bum.
Wtf 🤣🤣🤣
That was insane.
What in tarnation
Wow great job by the incredible hulk getting that away
They should punt like that every time. Minus the flag.
So with Texans and Patriots choking we need to trust the Raiders and Squealers next week. Fuck us I guess.
"&#x200B;

Rosas look like he been hitting the bottle hard lately  🍺 🍺"
Feel bad for rosas lol
Wtf was that kick
this guy lmaoo
Rosbus
I love Rosas face lol
That was a G play by Rosas tho. Respect.
**Tyler Huntley** time!
Love to see Huntley have a big run.
"Mad props to their ""punter.""  That was fuckin crazy."
lol wtf huntley!?
Relationship with Trace over. Tyler my new man.
WHOA Huntley has some wheels!
"Damn, Huntley fast!"
OHH
ON THE HUNT!!!
HUNTLEY!!!
Omg let's go!
QB Contorversy???? /s
I see you Huntley
"Colts TD, 1:47 to go 27-20 Colts"
holy shit hes fast as fuck!
Holy Huntley
Wooooow Huntley is fucking fast
"Ah fuck. The NFL might have another LJ on their hands, don't sell him to a rival!"
Lamar squared
That might be the most unbelievable stat. First penalty of the game against us.
Woah there Huntley
He should be #2 tbh
Are you freaking kidding me? LOL
Pats choked
Afraid we wont be able to stash Huntley on the practive squad again
Lol straight backyard shit...and can we get castillo-colon back at C?
Time to start worrying about making the playoffs. Miami winning today is massive. Bills won't have anything to play for in week 17. Damn!
Why is the defensive starters still on the field.......
The colts might still lose!
Let's go Texans!!
Flag ;(
crazy i’ll have to route for the Steelers to beat the Browns and Colts.
Fuck I forgot about that how did he die?
well the texans and pats boning us a little hurts this win
"Man, I hate the Patriots"
THE TEXANS ARE GOING BACKWARDS
Fucking ughhhhh
"Houston driving, 4th & 5"
You can’t make this shit up 😂
Tyler Huntley > Tyler shatley
Fuck Texans
"Houston you’ve gotta be fucking kidding me. Okay giants, make something happen tonight"
Fucking texans. Are you serious.
Texans and Pats choking. Fuck we absolutely have to win out and get help these next weeks
No help for us this week
Let's go big blue I guess.
Bright side: we see more huntley
There’s the illegal formation lmao
Andddddd there it is
Rosas is a big mofo for a kicker lol
It’s going to suuuuuck if Cleveland wins tonight waiting till next week to see if any of these teams can lose in front of us.
Giants please...
falcons choking again
Only good thing now is that Buffalo will likely still have reason to play week 17.
"So far here’s our hope of the playoffs. 
- Steelers vs colts 
- Steelers vs browns 
- Bills vs dolphins
- Vegas vs dolphins 

All 4 go against us and we’re out “"
"We play like idiots everytime we start on offence, just score the easy td first and then take shots"
Bad decision by Lamar
Whatever it’s just like a punt
Trap game? Are you kidding me? Jags are ass and we just shit all over their faces until that dumb play
"Wait we have people who can catch playing WR?

When did that happen?"
What are the chances they sit Lamar in the 2nd half?
"Can the Dolphins just go back to sucking, please?"
"TEN game is done

MIA will win

IND in the red zone with 2 mins.

we're looking at another perfect shitstorm this week"
Patriots suck and there still fucking us in the ass
That’s PI on Dez.
Miami just scored a touchdown. 7-6 Miami 😑
"I knew a shutout was unlikely, but man I wanted it... *sigh*"
Fire Roman. Into the sun.
Patrick Queen RDPOTY
We need a blowout win to boost the team's confidence. Looks like we may get it today.
STOP THE COUNT
Getting QB pressure every down is... fun.
"I know we are up by 26, but that play by Hollywood really pisses me off. Like he can't string together 4 straight decent quarters without drops or something stupid that costs us points."
Go Pats 🤢🤮
"CAN WE FUCKING SACK THE QB?!?! I don't want to hear this ""They get it out quickly"" excuse."
Wish Houston would have gotten that TD with first and goal from the 6.
Too easy. Or should I say 'easy money.'
Is ummm.. Is Marlon ok.. ?
That was epic but man we don't need any more OL injuries
Lamar>Huntley>Trace>RG3 in my opinion feel free to correct me
These roughing the passer calls these days are so fucking soft lol
Super sloppy penalties to end the game. Been a problem all year and the team was doing so well this game.
I AM READY FOR SUNDAY FOOTBALL AGAIN!!
JK Dobbins pick looking really good now
Bruh I’m getting Dallas and San Francisco wtf
"lets go giants, pats, and texans"
"> ""It's a beautiful day for football."" - Mark Ingram II

Damn, hearing that soundbite of his during that CBS/SpongeBob promo on the day he's a healthy scratch is cold."
Dolphins have 2 of their main wrs and a te out for their game it might just open up today for us
I guess our young corners get some extra reps.  Trying to look at the bright side here because we may very well need them from here on out.
"Just FYI that Jags played Packer, Vikes, Browns all super close. We should win by multiple scores but this team still has some fight"
"Campbell, Peters , Smith out. This reads like a trap game and I’m nervous."
A punter being out is actually a really big deal
"We just need to come out of this game healthy. No injuries. These are the kind of games that scares me. I think back to when Lardarius where was our number one corner and we had him return a kick and Boom, ACL. Let’s just get out of this healthy"
Wtf is the Dallas game getting aired in Richmond on CBS?
LETS BREAK THE RUSHING RECORD
We will score 4 TDs for every time an announcer say Harbs was a former Special Teams coach.
"Oh geez, uh, who tf are we playing at corner...?"
That kicker is huge
That kicker could play LB lmao
PIGGY BACK RIDE
Jesus christ. Their kicker looks like he should be playing DT
That's a big man
PROJECT PAT
Jags worst rushing d In the league gro comes out throwing lol
Hollywood got stick ums finally!
Soulja sighting
Run OUTSIDE
Dobbins really picks em up and puts me down
Awful throw
Dobbins makes me so goddam happy
That was a dumb decision
Un fucking believable.
"Not a gimme/get-well game, Ravens.  Any given Sunday."
"Brown was open with one defender behind him, then the ball is thrown, then Jacobs pulls up making it a double cover."
I was kinda hoping Hollywood would miss the game so LaMar had to involve his other receivers versus a less formidable opponent.
I think Lamar just needs to understand that we don’t really need to hit big plays like that unless the wideout is super open. Our offense can sustain short yardage 3rd down situations
Bad pass but we will recover.
"I forgot how quickly this thread turns play-to-play. Bad decision, it happens. We are gonna move the ball well today if that drive is any indication.

Everything is ok lol."
LETS GO JUDON!!! THATS A RESPONSE
JUUUUUUUUD
10 million IQ plays
JUDON LFG
Judon bailing out Lamar.
SAFETY!!
Judon slander will not be tolerated today
Safety!!!!
#SAFETY DANCE
Ravens subreddit in shambles
Defensive score. I can feel it coming
Dang is that O' Shag Hennessy?
JuDON caNT BeAT BLoCks
Stop the count
"Lol, I'll take a safety."
JUDOOOOOOON
"Lamar with the 1,000 IQ pick 🧠"
5th sack from Judon? feels like 2nd
What if this game ends 2-0
"Matt's going to show up against the Jags, woohoo!"
I feel like this is the type of game where Judon will go off with multiple sacks
Has anyone seen a better view of Lamar's pick? Announcers saying Hollywood was open?
I fucking love dobbins
Looking good in the purple & black
Dobbins is a top 5 RB in the league. Feed him
Yo does anyone else feel bad for Ingram. Like dobbins and the bus are better but damnn he’s our hype man
That's how you catch with your hands
"Holy shit, yards after catch!"
Yal see Dez Dez blocking
ATTA BOYKIN!!
I thought he was throwing it away lol
Omg wr showing up today
Let’s go Hollywood. That’s the route we need to give him more often
Nice catch by Boykin. Well deserved TD
Made it look EASY that drive
WHAT A FUCKING CATCH
Damn Boykin
Am I the only one super happy for Boykin every time he gets a td?
See flair
"BOYKIN STEPPIN UP

On a serious note this is the best stretch of his career"
"Boy, oh boy, oh Boykin."
What a catch!
Duuuuuude that's exactly what we need from Boykin
"We see you, Boykin"
MY STREAM BUFFERED WHAT HAPPENED
BOYKIN HIGH POINT! Let’s gooooo
lol thank u Boykin
ThErEs nO rEaSoN tO pASs
I fucking HATE when camera crews are zoomed in on players before the play and then they switch back to the play at the last second
"Boykin coming into his own, has played great the last few weeks, routes are looking better"
Throbinson
Our O-line is and has been playing great
yeah let’s double ricard  - jags d coordinator
I’m seriously wondering if there was a change in the cleats league-wide this year. Seeing so many more slips this year than I remember previously.
The slip saved him from a sack ironically
You can tell Judon loves these stat padding games lmao
Could’ve seen that holding on Yannick from DC.
Judon tryna turn up for that contract
QB pressures built by Taco Bell
What did we do to piss of the cornerback gods?
Bowser has been nice this year. Wasn't fooled there
Wait why yall saying hump is hurt? He's in the game
Dolphins just turned it over on the goal line boys
YAAAASSS QUEEN
Is back to back for Queen?
14-0 to the Colts. Thought the Texans might’ve done us a favour today
God save the Queen
Damn it colts. Don't go up 2 scores pls.
WHAT A CATCH ANDREWS
MANDREWS
I know its the jags but ive never seen a literal feast or famine defense like this...either completely dominant or completely inept
Garth Brooks is an alien
MAndrews! He's a MAN
He's just so nice
Let’s get dobbins 100 yards today!!
Dobbins is so fuckin good
"I know it’s the Jags, but our line is playing phenomenal especially considering all of the backups and switcharounds"
holy shit i wanna see that catch again!
Imagine if we had had a pre season and could have unlocked this offensive game earlier this season instead of working thru the kinks until week 11
JK/Edwards is a lethal combo
Dez end zone fade please
DOBBINS EATING
Man this is gonna be a cakewalk
RAY.K. DOBBINS
Same play as 2 point conversion at Cleveland
I really don’t hope we have to root for the fucking Steelers next week
Same play as last week’s 2PC
Kinda surprised our rookie rushing TD record is that low
Lol yannick
And also pierre desir
Hey I posted this before he said that
"Sheesh, dude got blown up xD"
Lmaooo Big Baby with the smackdown
Our defense is cheeks
McQueen DROY
Wow that whole Ravens D on one Jags RB was a beautiful sight
Whiff by Queen
Yo we always get killed on screens. No wonder we always get killed by the Chiefs that’s how they destroy us
What a cathartic game so far
Going for it on 4 & 12?
Yaaaas Queen
I’m more tuned into this pats game now smh
Rosas is like come on refs! 😓
The hell was that
Horrible play call
What a weird ass play that was
"Huh, I have no clue what was supposed to happen there."
Lmao the jags have 1.9 yards per play
Why is Lamar trying to run it himself at this point? They can't stop the backs dude.
I swear we play our best football in the cold
That’s a bad call but I’ll take it
Omg WE got a PI call!!
James Lofton is a HOFer? Wow didn't realize
Good things happen when you give Lamar a pocket
Myles Jack is fast as fuck. But why are we running Lamar at all in this game?
Soft PI but I'll take it
Weak ass call but I’ll take it
Lamar doing the ol’ Flacco Special
Oof if only Lamar had just led that pass a little ahead of dez
LJs runs this year haven’t been as good as last year getting swung outside the hashmarks overall he’s been better off tackle
I’m having a hard time understanding why Dez doesn’t play as much as Boykin. Based off what I’ve seen he looks like he be more reliable than even Hollywood and yet we just don’t play this dude
"Nice easy, stress free game to watch. Need to eat this W, get out healthy."
"Let's go Boston Cheaters

Edit. Fuck me"
Lofton just said to put himself out there? That’s actually pretty funny
"Those stats on that CMC commercial sound like bullshit. He was basically one on one at the one yard line, I feel like a lot of rbs score that lol."
"Lamar should just be scrambling this game, fewer designed runs"
•pléàséCAMbéàtTHÊdôlph1ns•
Big Baby owning their O line
Cam Newton are you serious
"Houston just got a TD, there's hope boys"
Queen was coming in with some speed on that last play
👑
"Lol, that was such a bad playcall"
DROTY
Tank mode
Beautiful coverage
Pats are up by 6!!!
Targeting Marlo on 4th down? Absolute madman
What was better? Linsanity or Minshew Mania?
Is this Cleatgate? Lmao
"OK I'm just gonna say it, that reporter's (Sherry?) darker pink coat was dope"
Fuckin Roxy Music hell yeah
Myles jack kinda scary ngl
God fuck i love dobby
"Fake the bubble screen, take the bubble screen"
Fuck Gilmore is out for pats
Fuck yes nut
Throws up the X!!! Yay Dez
XXXXXXXXXXXXX
X
X
we really gotta show commercials for every 30 second timeout? fuck yourself nfl
Dez!
dEZ
X
**X**
Thanks Santa
"When was Dez’s last TD, before this game"
🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️
Dez let’s go!
X🙅🏾‍♂️
X
We may put in RGIII this game.
X
X
❌
DEZ BRYANTT
X
🙅
X
X
YANNICK
Man their WR are solid.
Oh you know Yannick wanted that!!
Cowboys fans are gonna love this game too.
In the last couple of minutes have had a lot of personal feel-good moments for our players!
YANNICK
YANNICK
Soooo petty from Ngakoue I love it!
Man poor minshew
Minshew holds the ball way too long
"I forgot to say:

FUCK RON TORBERT"
Pernell McPhee is someone whose bad side I do not want to be on.
Their punter is jacked
Lmao deeper than he needs to be
Give tucker the FG record all time
Wtf Hollywood
Give Tuck a field goal record attempt.
Long kick it is what it is.
What the fuck dude???
57 YD faith
"Tucker imposter, that had to be a body double."
Tucker washed confirmed /s
:(
"Thanks, JO"
Belichick is really going to dick us here
Miami coming out strong after the half.
This certainly isn’t the Ravens defense of yesteryear.
Soooooo much holding
"Come onnnn, gotta get him"
Uh oh our corners are made of glass
What does Chris Board do better then Malik Harrison? Like genuinely I’m curious
You're welcome guys I started Robinson in fantasy
That’s an amazing catch. Can’t even be mad
So we just aren't calling holding today
Judon was mugged
We need more CBs!
I thought Queen was supposed to be good in coverage? He's pretty much like Peanut but with LSU swagger
NE just turned it over.
That was too easy
Happy for Hurst
Damn that close lol
"Iffy challenge, The Ravens will have no problem getting 2 inches lol"
Didn’t the same thing happen to us a few games ago?
Got it on the roll over
Very close like 2 inches just give to dobbins of Edwards
Myles Jack is still a very good player. If he had a better support system he'd be having a monster year
Thats the right call
Easy money
ANALYTICS
Good. Fuck the Jags.
Does anyone else feel slightly dirty cheering for the Pats?
We remember London 😤
LMFAO commentators shocked the best rushing attack doesn't go for it with only inches
Gotta give the Jags credit they are determined to not let Lamar make plays with his legs and so far doing a nice job
Play works every time
"Shout out to Hollywood, he’s had a great game blocking downfield"
Gus Edwards with a long catch!
Easy Money!
Someone hit the nitrous on the bus!!
LLAMA
That’s my king
If they keep Lamar in all four quarters I feel that we could really put 50 pts on the board
Are we gonna see the black / purple pants jersey combo this year? It’s so fire
Pour one out for Schobert must suck to always lose
The jags WRs are catching unbelievable ballad every other play. Don’t know how they do it
"marlon's coverage is just above average. his money comes from forcing the ball out of the receivers hands, forcing fumbles and being a strong tackler while having good speed."
Jags WRs are catching everything thrown their way
ANOTHER nice catch. WTF
Minshew just does not go away....
ANOTHER CIRCUS CATCH???
That was a hell of a catch.
and here goes the straight ass cheeks defense
Good open field tackle by Averett
"I get that we’re blowing them out, but why does our Defense come in at the half and shit the bed?"
Marlon getting burnt? God Damn it
Let's goo!
I could tell when the tackle dropped sooooooo far back that yannick was getting a sack or fumble
All eyes on New England
St. ^Yan Nick with the early Christmas present.
"I think this game goes to show how much sacks are kind of a byproduct of luck. Yannick really hasn’t done much different today, we’re just playing an offense that relies on deeper drops and longer developing plays."
Feed dobbins
I’m buying Shad Khan a Yannick jersey
This is a great opportunity to get Huntley reps if he is needed for any time the next couple of games
Dude. Just fucking run it up the middle every time and kill clock. What the fuck are you trying to do Rome.
TYREE!!
Play of the game right there.
HOLY SHIT big man killing dudes!
Petition for the Texans to rename themselves to the Houston Watsons
LMFAOOOOOOOOO
Fuckkkkkkkk Tyre
#BIG MAN
Run fat man run!
Ah man.. not worth it.
He sacrificed his life for that play.
Tyre rumblin’ and stumblin’! You gotta love it!
Cannot stop with the injuries this year
LOOOL
DAMN PHILLIPS
"Um, what the fuck"
MVPhillips
"Fuck Tyre! HOpe he's okay, just a nuts play"
GET UP BIG MAN COME ON
What the actual fuck
OH SHIT THE DOLPHINS JUST SCORED
Got some vintage Fridge vibes. Goal line package?
HOLLYWOOD
#HOLLYWOOD!!!!
What a pass!
Greg Roman playing 9D chess with the 7 RB set
HOLLYWOOD
Soulja boy tell em.
What a throw
Soulja time
DIME!
I think we can give him Hollywood back
God damn it Tua
Huntley time
Good first down. Let's milk this clock.
Should we put in Huntley?
Mandrews!
Mark Andrews baby
Holy shit this feeling again! I fucking miss this feeling so much
BENCH THE OFFENSIVE STARS HARBS CAAAAM AAAAAN! FINALLY a game where my asshole isn't clenched WOOOOO! Feels good to not have blood in my stool today baby!
Pls Pats and Texans
Come on Houston and NE. Both close game!
Texans choking
Bruh Texans
Fuck the Texans
"Oh crap, I hope he's ok."
"Holy shit, Madboogie just annihilated Robinson."
Mosley getting abused in pass coverage..good riddance. Guy was extraordinary average.
New york has to show up tonight
Go Giants screw the others
here comes roughing the passer
No I don’t need to see replays of the last matchup. Thanks.
"I was there, please don't make me relive London"
Surely chuck Clark leads the league in 'almost ints'
Pass interference on offense
"Man, you know it's going our way when we get the OPI in our favor."
Ugh tbh neither the dolphins pats game or texans colts game are looking great rn
IT'S TYLER TIME!
Weak call imo
HUNTLEY SZN
Not gonna lie that was pretty damn good
"So Huntley goes in, we can expect a new youtube video from the big dick dude, right?"
LMAO
#THICC KICK
What kind of play was that lol
HUNTLEY SZN
Huntley kinda looks like Lamar
Dude that punter is HUGE
They should pick up that flag cuz that was fucking sweet hah
Ref trying not to laugh.
So Mcsorley is out from that injury last week? I did not think it was that bad
Proche showing off those hands tho!
Didn't he come from Utah State?
HUNTLEY SZNNNN
so hyped we got a bye this week lmao
Huntley has some juice in his legs
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Tyler Huntley is so small wth
"If this ain’t the bye bye Griffin game, idk what is."
HUNTLEY LETS GOOO
Take a hit when announcers mention that Huntley beat Lamar in high school
Bro Huntley is so much better than Trace
Maybe Colt McCoy can be our guy tonight
That is what true team sprint is.
Flashes of Lamar
HUNTLEY IS ELITE!!!!!!
That was a pretty good throw by huntley
I love RG3 and everything that he’s done but maybe we should cut him
NO BOYKINNNN NOOKI
RG3 should be gone
Thats the first penalty accepted for the ravens.
Why make that block so unnecessary and cheap be better guys
Welp dolphins are gonna win. Losing to the Pats is one of the more embarrassing defeats in recent history
 So the pats-phins game is basically over. Dolphins won.
Fuck the Pats.
Fuck it.  Might as well
That's an interesting penalty to call on a pass block
And we were SO clean too
That’s ticky tack
God dammit.... What an idiot.
Looked like he was trying to slide beside him. Damn.
"what a dumb penalty, damn"
Did you see our two defenders trip over eachother? Damn.
Fuuuuuuuuuck
FUCK OUR LIVES
I'm already steeling myself for us winning out in an epic hot streak but still missing the playoffs. That would suck so bad
Pats are gonna lose in fashion to the Fins
fuckin hell Texans
So we need either dolphins browns or colts to lose right? Besides winning out
Can't blame the refs.  That's been roughing the passer since 2014.  Bad play that hurt the team.
Gg Houston...
"Damn, have a bad feeling we go on a run and still miss the playoffs"
Fucking Texans
Fuck Houston you had it
We can’t get help for shit
Ugh
Texans are you fucking kidding me
You guys realize that this Patriots game is the easiest game remaining for the dolphins right?
"Chark looks so good, and Minshew looks so bad."
Good instincts batting the ball down
Lowkey I wanted to see Huntley again
If you are gonna get PI then the dude should not still catch it. Damn....
There's our regularly scheduled illegal formation lol
Damn the afc playoffs would be sad without us
"Ahh there it is lol

New wrinkle with it being on the defense"
name a team that does illegal formation better than the ravens. even on ST!
FUCKKKK
Crazy how the #2 isn’t retired for Tyrod Taylor
" *Scientists were able to re-create Nesyamun's voice..it produced a single sound:*

""Illegal formation, on Baltimore.."""
Ravens just need to take the deep ball out of the playbook.
This nigga Dobbins is really just a different breed I’m sorry I keep saying this
3 weeks with DPI? What the hell is going on!
"Dislike for this defense (performance, not players) continues to grow..."
Please stop throwing
Lamar’s decision making is definitely worse this year. No need for that throw and INT.
Lamar Jackson needn't throw anymore interceptions today
Just needs to stop throwing to Brown.
there is literally no reason to throw that ball jfc
Lamar has to be the worse deep ball thrower in the NFL. He's either last or close to last.
People are gonna pretend this wasn’t Lamar’s plan all along. Don’t buy into it.
PATS: CAM FUMBLE @ 20 and DOLPHINS TD
"If the ravens go 11-5 and don’t make the playoffs, it’d honestly be the perfect capper for an all-timer of a bad luck season. Hard to even look back and think they could have done much differently. Yeah all their losses were by 1 score, but only the Pats game felt like one they should have won. Maybe TEN."
When u realize Dobbins is Ray Rice...Gus is Bernard Pierce...and Ingram McGahee? Or am I just high??  👀
"This Tucker guy is a bum, cut him"
Dickhead move by Hollywood
We should keep Lamar in all game and try to break our single game points record.
"I feel safe in saying that with this win we will have still had only 1 losing season under Harbs. And that was when we had everyone hurt in 2015. 

Thx daddy Harbs"
"pretty crazy pass ngl

im pissed they ended the shutout lmao"
[deleted]
Show that graphic to a Steelers fan
Lmao they gave it to us?
Not really happy with Humphrey today.
I don't think we have a single defender that can consistently cover worth their paycheck.
This game is perfect LMAO
Dobbins is a legendary mount drop in MMOs
Huntley is gonna be a fucking monster one day man I’m so excited
Literally didn't have to hit him. Plenty of time to stop. Must be taking notes from Judon
Huntley’s face looks like Lamar mixed w Rgiii
Fuck man. That would of been a great pick 6
These calls are so fucking wack
"Browns lose today or next week, we're good"
Good try by Lamar. Y'all negative af lol.
God y’all are awful fans
Marlon is ass today.
Lamar needs to STOP THROWING PICKS
Stupid to throw in 2 defenders
Please god stop throwing to ball to hollywood unless he has two steps. if it’s any type of contested only bad things will happen.
And yall still blame that on Brown lmao. Same shit different day
"Lamar underthrew that pick, but part of the problem with a 5'8"" deep threat is that his catch radius is so small you basically have to throw him a perfect ball or else it's incomplete or intercepted. And sure you can get away with being short if you've got unreal route running like AB did, but our Brown doesn't.

How many of his great catches could Hopkins have made if he wasn't 6'1""? Same question for gronk about his height, or larry fitzgerald, or randy moss? You can be a #1 wr in the nfl if you're short, but it makes everything so much harder for everyone."
Back to stupid play calling huh
O line has looked really good lately
i really like these commentators
Why is deep ball to Mandrews always saver than deep ball to Hollywood?
These fucking Amazon next gen stats commercials are so ungodly awful
Cam just fumbled in field goal range
Soulja should’ve went out of bounds but I like the effort
Where's cundiff when you need him
Ahh time for the defense to go trash mode after the half as per usual
Dolphins fake the punt! Belichick is washed
Marlo had good coverage but you can’t stop the talent
"Every team we need to lose is winning again, this hurts man, this team is too good to not make the playoffs in a year with three wild cards :("
Screw Cam Newton
Looks like no help this week boys
"Dear annoucer:  We would never root for the Patriots. We would root for the Dolphins to lose, but NEVER root for the Patriots."
We’re in a playoff spot guys!!! /s
"Throw the X 

And flex on Dez 

Hollyshit that was bar"
What the fuck are you doing Lamar
Announcer jinx .... again!    Geez
"Everyone all over Lamar’s dick today, with his throwing. I thought he couldnt throw?"
"No Peters,campbell, and ward. Also no ingram. Hopefully our corners and pass rush step up. Our running game should be fine"
Let’s feast boys
"Wow, no Smith, Peters, Ingram or Campbell."
Imagine if colt McCoy’s revenge game gets us in the playoffs and the browns don’t even make it. Please Santa I’ve been a good boy make it happen.
Jags kicker is handling punting duties today. Anybody else smell a pint block in our future?
Purple on Black is such a good look. Hoping for color rush next week
Ingram a healthy scratch hmmmm
JO in EVERY commercial right now
[Got the necessities.](https://i.imgur.com/dEJ4951.jpg) LETS GO RAVENS! THE PLAYOFFS CONTINUE!
LET’S GET THIS W!!
Yikes we are starting on offence :/ and have no corners
LLLLFFFFGGGGGOOOOOOO!!
That Jaguars kicker is **HUGE**
Fat ass
LOL Ricard is a BEAST
Hahhaha lioness vs Hippo
Pat Ricard is a man's man
Time for a piggyback ride?
Ricard basically doubles as a defensive lineman.
Ricard is a very large man
“Looked like a little kid taking a ride on his dad’s back” LOL
Lamar for 25 incoming...
Jesus christ.
Come on brother
"Starting Dobbins in my fantasy semifinals, please dont let me down JK"
Like a machine so far.
Gotta throw that deeper :/
Why is Mark Ingram a healthy scratch? Are they moving on from him?
God dammit
"Seriously, can we learn to contest these interceptions? Wtf"
I don’t mind taking a deep shot but Hollywood is small as hell at least throw up to a bigger wr like Dez
it's ok
We need a physical big body receiver. These 50/50 balls to these short guys aren’t it
Just amazing that people are blaming Greg Roman for an atrocious throw by Lamar.
"Lamar is in his own head. He's had bad picks where the guy was open but the ball needed more air. He's had bad picks where the guy was open but he gave it too MUCH air.

I hope he really spends time this off-season honing his craft."
Bad read and even worse throw
Come on B-wills give me that safety
Good shut Judon
Fuck yeah!
Thats 2!!
Defense came to play baby!
Minshew Tragic
Lamar just wanted to get his boy a safety the whole time.
Good job defense. Way to have your QB’s back
THAT IS WHAT THIS DEFENSE NEEDED
Lol
SAFETY
Judon did a thing whoop whoop
When was the last time a team had a safety in two consecutive games?
That was Lamar's strategy btw
BODY BUILT BY TACO BELL
Ok now we must cripple them morally by marching down the field
Jaguars have the coolest kicker I’ve ever seen lol
Judon about to feast today since he’s playing a basement dwelling team
"I’ve seen Lamar do this before, he’s playing lazily. Like it’s backyard ball, because this opponent is shit. It’s already bitten him in the ass though."
These guys cannot set an edge. Wonderful!
Can't believe no int replay lol wtf
I love Dobbins. Sometimes I wish he’d just go straight upfield.
can we just keep running Dobbins/Edwards until they stop it?
Ol reliable
"Wtf was that play, lol"
Lookin good Soulja
Nice block by Dez
Bold move to just not cover Hollywood
"Beautiful block Boykin

Edit: DEZ"
Honestly I’ve been critical of Hollywood and Roman all year but these last few games have made me rethink a lot. If Roman called like this all year we could be so much better
Our receivers are catching today!
Can’t tell if Hollywood is trying to score or if he just wants to not get hit.... jk that’s a good play
Fuck yeah Boykin using that height
BOYKIN
Okay Boykin!!!
such an easy drive good shit
Nice catch!
Boy oh BOYKIN!
MILES. BOYKIN.
Good block by Dez.
boykin really has been balling out lately
Get in that ass Lamar
Unstoppable force versus moveable object
"Good drive, let’s keep it up"
GREAT catch Myles!!
D is Predictably terrible on third down
This is the game that gets Judon paid $90M over 4 years.
Hump is limping
What a hold on Ngakoue
"Board, he was past the line of scrimmage why not break off your receiver"
Judon got illegally pushed in the back
If board would’ve just turned his head around...
Humphrey hurt from carrying so hard
bowser been playing out his mind lately
Lets gooooo D
Teams don’t respect us.
Good shit Queen
Yeah Patrick!!!
Jesus the Jags are sooooooo bad
Crown him!! Excellent play!
Lmao Jacksonville is definitely tanking
Pay Tyus
Never mind what I said earlier.  This is a gimme get-well game.
Queen sacc
This is gonna be a fun game:))
The Geico Gecko should do ASMR
"God, I hope I'm not jinxing anything but how are the Jaguars this bad"
Man we've been playing average of better teams for like almost every game lately feels like (cowboys not included). Forgot what's it's like to experience playing an actual bad team
LETS GOOOOOOO RAVENS
I have a feeling we're not gonna get any fucking help from today's games lmao
"Beautiful ball, great catch"
dobbins is so damn smooth
Nice run
Houston laying an egg of course
Too easy!
Yessir.
I miss ingram....JK
He’s so good
dobbins easy TD
Big defensive possession coming up. Need to keep the foot on the gas.
"Ahh, so this is what an easy game should be like..."
Yo I’m in Miami watching the dolphins game and the dolphins are getting slapped the pats just aren’t finishing
Does our defense have what it takes to pull off a shutout?
That’s block lmao
Oh wow
You DO NOT wanna turn back inside and be greeted by 98
Pats up 3
"oof, that wasn't going anywhere"
That was a well designed screen with the RB pushing up field before coming back and setting up the lineman's block on Avarett
Good job Averett
Nice play Averett
Thank god we have him back
"Oof, Rosas is bad

&#x200B;

This bodes well for the RAvens"
They swap Fulker and Phillips so often and randomly lol.
Ok that play can just get thrown in the trash
Wtf
Do we think the jets or the jags are gonna get Trevor? Honestly
I'd like us to just settle down rather than being cute here.
Pi?
I almost nutted
That was literally the definition of getting too cute
Wow Jacksonville D bailed us out
What a throw!!! If he didn’t get held that is a snag from Mandrews.
The old Torrey Smith special!
Roman trying to get cute. Just run the fucking ball
In Mexico anyways I can watch the game? I’ve only been able to figure out how to listen to the game.
Kind of a weak call imo. I’d hate it if it was against us
"Nice nice, keep the drive alive.

Keep on working on the passing game!"
Damn that was a hell of a play by Miles Jack.
“Attempt” lmao
🐐
$J$Money$
"it's crazy how much bigger Dez looks than Brown and Snead, definitely needs more targets"
"Roman was trying to get revenge on Lamar for not getting that one play off in time, lol."
"I have the game muted and my wife was trying to get me to read a work email, so I missed it. Why was that not a defensive penalty on 3rd down?"
Redbone cut away....
Is it cold today in Baltimore?
Judon in coverage? Guess they're just trying out random things lol
We desperately need NE to win today.
Oh oh. Marlon power punched the helmet?
Yeah he tied tsizzle right
People thought Marlo was hurt lol
Pass rush - so hot right now
Why is Jax’s QB a II and not a Junior?
3 minute drill let's gooooooo
"Big stop again, need at least 3 from this"
"Jags: our running game has been ineffective all game, let's run it on 3rd & 5"
Welp that's probably the game honestly
Sorry bro you arent completing that with Humphery covering even if its 1v1
New drip
Ne up 6 0
3:16 left.... hmmmm
Ravens Rookie LBs and reeking havok on Minshew name a better a duo
I was channel surfing Sunday Ticket and missed why the Dolphins fumbler recovery to TD was taken off the board.
That could have been a disaster and we got a big gain
Besides us winning what else has to happen to get a playoff spot?
Hollywood  try a juke or something
Omg for the first time this year we actually used the orbit motion
"Damn, Gus with a head of steam would have gotten in there"
Fuck yeah!!!!
 Fluker has gotten so much better in pass pro
🙅🏻‍♂️
HOU IN RED ZONE
THROW UP DAT X
X
DEZZZZZZZ
How bout dem cowboys
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
DEZ!
X
Dez baby!!!! That makes me feel good
DEZZZZZ!!!
DET TD
How much were Ravens favored by? 40?
EQUIS
I miss these relaxing games
Happy for Dez!
For some reason I have a feeling that Houston has a bigger chance at taking that W than New England does.
Really good pass blocking on that play
Yannick!
I'm guessing the Tyre Phillips experiment at right tackle is over for now
Sweet sweet sack for Ngakoue
gotta feel good to sack your former team
Sack Attack
They brought EVERYONE on that sack
I see we have hit the feast portion of a feast and famine pass rush
Jags O-line more like Jags No-line
Maybe they should pull Minshew and save him for next week lol
Lmao!!!!
3 more points?
Love the timeouts. Let's destroy these guys
Put that punter on the line!!😂
Norwell out here trying to MOUNT another man smh
So can we even bench Lamar if we wanted to??
4 & 20 nice
"This kicker has some cannons for arms

A shame for them that his legs aren’t."
This sub nutted together when Dez caught it
4th and 20? Nice.
I want a 67 yd FG attempt
Buddies got himself quite a leg
What the hell hollywood
Brown come on
The one time marquise doesn’t go out of bounds bruh
Just send tucker out there now
Fucking stupid ass decision by hollywood
"Ill give the dude credit, that was a great punt for someone who isn’t a punter"
This is abuse. Feel bad for jags
Damn
F
Smart play saved a TD
:(
"57 yards? Sure, why not. Let's try!"
goddammit
Looked like it got tipped a little at the line
"TEN FG

DET 15
TEN 24"
Aw damn would've been awesome to see that kick go through
"Roman is calling some nice passing plays, a lot of bail out options for Lamar"
Kennywood trying to make up for all of his drops on one play costing the team at least 3 points 😑
https://mobile.twitter.com/BrettKollmann/status/1340739430986862592
We need a new WR coach and passing coach coordinator
"how does mark andrews only have two targets??? i'm just watching red zone but it feels like he's not even on the field when they get inside the 20. sorry just a frustrated andrews fantasy owner. keep up the great work, ravensfriends"
Lmao dolphins did all of that for a 9 yard run.
Pls defense
Gotta tackle
Gonna start dressing people off the street in the harbor to play CB for us
Time to start watching if NE or HOU could be cool and win
Board is getting wrecked by Shenault
Likely not gonna be a shutout.
Dolphins winning
Stop these circus catches Christ
49 has been getting burned hard today
I don’t like how long this drive has lasted. We should’ve three and outed them in two minutes tops.
Grounding?
Shenault looks good
That’s a great catch
Wtf
F
Damn these holds are getting tough. Just trying to protect Minshews life I guess
False start
NE choking
Haddy > Ferg lowkey
I go to eat lunch and we already allow a td
Uh what? Okay?
Go for it
Texans bout to tie it
"Just go for it, either way.

And honestly, I think the ball was placed short by an inch or so."
Fool!  I'm 100% we were going for it either way
thaaat looked short?
At least we're honest in here 😅
c'mon cam
Who cares yam that bitch with the bus if it's short
Looked just short to me tbh
Wow I'm surprised how far back did they move it back an inch
Go for it.
Thanks for using that challenge chief
I mean that was a no-brainer challenge
"It's a good afternoon for commercial music. Starman by Bowie, More Than This by Roxy Music, and now Everywhere by Fleetwood Mac. Throw in Return of the Mack after the Dez TD from the broadcast and I'm in a groove."
Brilliant to go on first noise so they don't move cause they want to avoid going offside.
"Did they already finish the review, because I’m watching on CBS all access and am wondering if I’m behind you guys."
This 25-35-measurement thing just means that the entire league is a joke haha
His burst is ridiculous
Great poise
Tell me why we always snap the ball at the last second on the play clock
"43 on the jags went to the same HS as me, i hope lamar doesn’t do him like he did #24 on the niners, who also went to the same school as us"
GUS BUS WITH THE GRAB!!!
Huntley time
Okay Huntley time.
Wow Gus
Who said that we shouldn’t put Gus in cause he can’t catch balls lmao
Un-fucking-stoppable
Whoooooooooooooooot
"NE BACK ON TOP

9 - 7"
"It’s Huntley time, and lets give Justice Hill a few carries here."
EASY MONEY
It's weird how when you saw the falcons up big on the bucs... You just knew...
The catches these jags receivers are making my god
Humphrey having an iffy game
"c'mon pats and texans... we need tuddies, not field goals"
Another contested catch
That was nice. Dj on Marlon.
"I would like to see Huntley in this game, but the defense is determined to not let that happen"
Marlon’s coverage has been pretty good on every catch but they just keep catching it
Good tackle
Averett is actually playing well today.
Our secondary looks shitty in this second half so far
"Whats with our second half defence, seems to be more than just corner depth"
Can we get some of their WR damn
Yeah the injuries are showing
Our secondary is shook
These Jags receiving Corp is insane
that felt like a magic trick lmao wtf
I forget. Is our turnover streak still alive or did it end sometime earlier this year?
"The image of the Amazon smile on that whiteboard was a little too ""Big Brother is watching you"" esque for comfort"
OMG HAHAHA
LOL
Wtf 😂😂😂
We meant to do that
Fuck he’s hurt
WTF
Bruh not tyre
I cannot believe that just happened
Well that was wild
Holy shit
He didn’t even try to get back to the LoS
OH HELL YEAH!
How tf are the Jaguars a team
WTF just happened
Yayyyyy.....oh nooooo
what happened? I don’t have the game in my area.
TEXANS YO
no not tyre
Oh no
LFG TYRE
LMAOOOOOO THAT WAS AMAZING
Real shit let's give him the ball more
"Tua scores, Fins take the lead"
What happened?! I walked away
Damn that was awesome. Hope hes ok looked like he was grabbing his shoulder
Wtf happened to him. He was bringing the pain.
That was not worth tyree
TEN TD.
The dolphins took the lead back but the texans tied it up against the texans!
Beautiful
# NICE PASS
Tyre behind Ricard in I Formation on the goal line. Any objections? What a run
Oh my what a nice pass
Who can’t pass outside the numbas?!?!?
Nice throw!!!!! Not Bad for a RB!!!!!!!
Fuck cam sucks too much to be a td down
HOLLYWOOD! great pass Lamar
I don’t even need to say it anymore
Texans still have a chance but fuck you patriots
imagine that being added to the playbook lol
That helmet looks so big on Hollywood lol
Run outside for fucks sake
ELITE
Come the fuck on New England...
Fuck the Dolphins and fuck the Patriots
Tyre Phillips would be the 2nd leading rusher for Jacksonville today
Lamar has been dealing this game
Nice run
Ohhhhh that spin
"The last time I seriously rooted for the Patriots, they lost to the fucking Eagles in the Super Bowl"
Mandrews! Tyler Huntley time
Really nice drive
Great drive. Clinical
Now it’s time to root for the Texans and a Dolphins loss !
So if Houston and NE still lose today there’s 0 chance we make to playoffs? Or some chance otherwise?
"Goddammit, Colts converted a 4th & 1. Woth a fucking Brissett QB sneak. Wtf else are they going to put Brissett in for? Fucking stop it"
Meanwhile Deshaun looking for revenge!
Time for the redzone
"NE FG DOWN BY 3

INDY ABOUT TO TD AGAIN."
Fuck the patriots
Fuck noo
looks like help isnt coming today probably *sigh*
"""These aren't the same Ravens"""
Man fuck Houston and NE
So far since last week were 6/6 games going against us including 2 last second chokes
I was wondering why Williams gave him that bubble but then we saw the shove.
"Next year QB room should be Lamar, Trace, Huntley"
"Tyler Huntley sighting   👀

&#x200B;

About to make his NFL debut"
Texans pls
Another personal feel-good moment coming up for one of our players
I have to give him props for that hah
That was great
That was an awesome play by the punter
Welcome Huntley!
What a fucking play by the punter
That... was impressive
You just got Tyler Huntley’d 😎😎
FUCK! I hope Robison is ok.
Okay I fucking love this Rosas
HUNTLEY SZN
IT'S HUNTLEY TIME!!
PAts choking texans choking
Fuck the patriots
The most interesting punter in the world
Fucking pats and texans. Suck ass
Huntley!
Go giants I guess
huntley!!
"We’re not going to get one bit of help in the AFC this week, are we?"
goddamnit Houston
Our man can ball!
Now there are two of them!
Pats choking it away
WTF!!!!!
shades of 2019. feels fucking good
I think Lamar's mask is upside down
Only 2 accepted penalty against damn
That was a beautiful throw
YOO Huntley pass look good
Lamar 2.0
I didn't realise we hadn't had a penalty yet
He’s good on his legs!
"&#x200B;

Jackson  on the sidelines celebrating the Flag on Mekari 😂😂"
Thats a good throw. Come on Boykin
All my homies can’t snap the ball
"Dang, it looks like we're not getting any help from the other teams"
Wait wat lol
Lmao are you fucking kidding me!!!!
Miami scored dammit
Gonna need some help next week unless the giants shock the world tonight.
fucking shitriots man
Can we get a fruit punch please
Harbs playing against Tucker on fantasy this week.
I have the game on mute. Someone explain to me why we went for it on 4th and 20 rather than try the 51 yard FG?
Sick fucking pick
L freaky
Fort always comes in so clutch
Texans going backwards fml
Are you for real
Oooooooooh boyyyyyyyy
4th down texans
4th & 5 🙃
Texans fumbled into endzone and lost it. Both teams choked
Houston nooo :(
Indy wins
"at least we werent rooting for atlanta

fuck"
IT HAPPENED AGAIN
texans fuck you ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
What are the odds the giants win today?
Holy choke
Deshaun's face is me rn
"If browns lose tonight do we take their spot, or a wildcard spot?"
Great play by Williams
That Houston play. Fuck man
Thats the second PI on Marlo.
"Steelers vs colts, Steelers vs browns, bills vs dolphins, Vegas vs dolphins. We go 0/4 in those games and we miss the playoffs."
How was that PI
As is tradition
analyst humph suited up instead of fruit punch today
"As per tradition, of course."
Who’s the Jaguars punter?
That was a questionable roughing call
Lamar has been God awful at throwing the ball early in games all season.
We throw on the worse rushing defense? Greg Romanomics
Jackson has a lot of trouble throwing just ahead of the WRs. It's always behind for some reason.
Do you guys think we've seen Mark Ingram play his final snap as a Raven? Or are we resting him for the Playoffs?
And Roman wonders why we are coming for his head
That was a pretty awful decision there
I told you last week....Boykin > Brown
Time for all our guys who underperform against good teams to overperform against some bad teams and get paid next year and then do nothing for the rest of their careers lol
Why are they remaking The Stand? It was just fine where it was.
"Hollywood needs to stay in bounds, plow into a dude for a few more yards and let the clock keep moving."
"FIRST HALF PLAYER OF THE GAME NOM:

JK DOBBINS"
"Today, we are all patriot fans"
Robinson is a baller man
"That was a great play from Minshew and Robinson, feel like Marlon or Queen should have got there earlier."
"Literally knew what that plat was from the snap, and I didn’t even watch tape. Marlon knew where that was going the entire way too, that should not be completed"
"We absolutely need a Front 7 that can pressure. Queen is WAY too raw in coverage as well, that **has to get coached up** this offseason.

I still think a premier OLB and a blockbuster WR trade is what we need.

OL is poor in pass protection but our run blocking really makes up for it. If we had some REAL consistent pressure this game is constantly turned to our O to finish."
Of course New England is gonna fuck up when we need them the most
Don’t think Andrews got that
Lmao that wasn’t a first down
Stupid Patriots
Idk how they can overturn this
"Happy, Jacksonville? Please go fuck yourself.

Christ. A 1-12 team wasting 7 minutes of everyone's time."
"need to stop the lamar runs, they have like 2 spys every play

edit: well this aged like shit lmao"
What a throw
"God we suck we should be up by 40, just kidding calm down..... :) We are doing what we should well done!"
Okay this better be Huntley time. Yannick has a unique name
please lamar rush TD here for fantasy purposes
That's roughing the passer??? Just stomp on my balls dumb fucking refs
Miami scored again looks like Pats ain't helping us.
where is the Roman slander now
Stop feeding the Soulja dammit
"We need to go with another veteran CB next year and move on from Jimmy. We keep him around for veteran presence but what good is he if he's always injured? 

 He's missed at least 4 games every season since 2015 and only has 2 full seasons in 10 years"
Marlo with a really bad game
lol are you guys happy now?
"Football on Sunday?! ""Im not quite sure what to do with my hands"" 👐"
I’m rooting for the Patriots more today then the ravens... what have I become
Why we going deep. Why
Is it a one man commentating crew today? Lol
Trap game
"That pick is 100 on lamar. Terrible decision.

GRo calling a pass happy gameplan against a horrible rushing defense is peak GRo."
"Lmao at you guys saying he needs to stop forcing it to Brown. 

He needs to just accurately throw it to Brown. That's what won the Browns game."
"How does Boykin catch the TD pass and the announcer immediately says it’s his 3rd TD catch of the season? Does he memorize all that, or what?"
"I'm really hoping to see a big step up in year three from boykin a la bowser. He was terrible earlier this year, but plays like that show the talent he has to be a genuinely good wr."
"I know we’ve had sloppy games this year, but this has gotta be my favorite Ravens team yet. Dobbins has come up huge this year and our O and D line look solid."
another 99.5 game for Lamar?
PI?
can’t wait to see tyler huntley in the 4th quarter
Send in wheelchair RGIII for the second half?
"Lmao, I'm not surprised his stupid ass didn't get out of bounds."
goddamn that oakland chain is gorgeous
Our defence are chokers
"Absolutely pathetic. Double coverage, Marlon and Queen."
"""clogging problem"" and they're all wearing tap shoes. This ad is dumb"
Aww man time for us to come out flat and this will end up being close at the end
Yall hate on Brown too much
Did anyone notice a bit of a fencing response by Phillips after he was hit?
"Do we know what kind of symptoms, if any, MAndrews faced when he had COVID? He looks slimmer"
what a weak call
jaylon you dumby
Probably a correct flag 😂
The one time Averett makes a play is when I need Chark to make that catch for fantasy
"So looks like miami wins, who else do we want to loose today. Also wow Huntley should be our number 2"
"A football game on a Sunday afternoon, what's this all about? I was starting to get accustomed to the Ravens playing on a weekday."
[deleted]
I completely forgot that we played a normal 1 o clock Sunday game!
"Wtf you have two guys with him and no one goes for the ball? After he's motioned to the backfield you knew the ball was going there. That is disappointing defense.

Edit: Not a big deal but that seems like a mental miss and as long as we learn from it I'm good. It was a perfect throw tho."
What are the games that matter for our playoff chances?
Jaylon ferguson is a dumbass
"Not to be \*that\* person, but I hope we don't start to fall apart now"
Huntley time?
😤😤😤😤😤
Why tf is Marcus peters inactive
I just realized that the only Ravens players that were here for the last JAX beatdown we suffered are probably Levine and the Wolfpack.
Black pants Hyyype
"Yay, this announcing team..."
Their kicker is a big dude wtf
Who is this broadcast crew? Legit never heard them before. I guess that’s what happens whenever you play the Jags.
I never thought I’d say this but. Go (and fuck the) PATS
Best place to get pregame coverage for someone not living in Baltimore?
Only one game televised at 1 in Maryland?! Not even the Washington game?
"Week 1 of 2019 repeat today.

Lamar with 4+ TDS

Dobbins+Gusbus all day 

Duvernay will get his first receiving TD today (maybe 2)"
If you’re at the game be loud!
"Damn Ingram's a healthy scratch? 

I mean I know he hasnt been great this year but wow"
"If there’s a game to get the passing game going, this is it. Hoping for a 25/32 300 yard day from Lamar."
With Dolphins injuries Pats really should win. I just want that one ‘miss playoffs at 11-5 scenario’ to go away
<facepalm> announcers think Ozzie is still GM
justice hill gonna make a huge special teams play today
Why do they always do the naloxone commercial then a different one then the naloxone one again.
LFG
Triple cup Marcus 😈
Wtf is a healthy scratch
Wow Ingram healthy scratch
"Lavar Jackson...

edit: nvm thought he fucked it up"
"Stunt on dem Jaguar hoes

For yall who don't have cable TV check [https://streambible.org/streams/american-football/](https://streambible.org/streams/american-football/) for possible streams, they tend to work few minutes after game starts"
Shit we lost the toss which means we lost
"Wait! The Jaguars have had a total of **6** kickers suit up for them at some point this season?

All I can say is that I'm thankful for Justin Tucker."
Here we go folks!
Next man up mofos
Patrick big man
Look at Ricard spinning that dude around like a dad with his child lmao
Hollywood holding onto the ball 👀
I still don't get why we have Brown going over the middle so much
1st play. Ricard is your daddy
Love these passes
Jags are so bad LMAO
🤦🏽‍♂️
The jags can no stop outside runs they allow 6.9 ypc outside runs run outside until they stop you
jk lets gooooooooooo
god i love dobbins
Smh.
Welp
smdh
Jinkies Scoob
Have GDT ways been so absolutely negative or am I just getting soft in my old age
LFG
I said we would get three today and there's one fellas
Williams almost had that safety. I wanna see their kicker ount from the endzone tho
Where's all the complaining about that deep throw now?
Biggest problem with that pick is Andrews is wide open and since it is man to man and Andrews is the only one ever open he has to see it
YEAAHHHHH BABY.
JUDON
Back to Back safeties 💪💪💪
Lmao that was a quick turn around
I see you Ju
Yeah Boy!!! Judon Minced U
I love my D
Let's fucking go boys
Jacksonvilles jerseys are so boring
SAFETY!!!
Lmao that mawfucker about to pop the ball.
Harbaugh playing chess with Jags playing Checkers
"WAY TO GET THERE MATT! That is what""a veteran read will do for a team Mcphee called that audible at the line!!"
Safety dance!
Dobbins is a beast
Dobbins is so good
We need a nickname for Dobbins. Any ideas?
What was that play lmao
Throw more like that Lamar lol
"what the fuck was that play

they also missed the delay of game by a good 2 seconds lol"
I really wonder why we haven't seen any of Ben Bredeson this year.
Okay Hollywood!!
BOYKIN
Hollywood a Baller today son son
That was an awesome throw by lamar. Leading Brown away from the defense
THATS MY BOI
BOYKIN LFG
Okay boykin!!
WOOOOOO
Wow Boykin showing up
Big boi TD there
LETTTSSS ggooooooooo FEED THESE DAWGS MAN SHOW YOUR ASS BOYKIN!!
yo what's that song from the GTA commercial
LET LAMAR SLING THAT BIG OLE... ARM. IDGAF.
I’m busy all day today. How we doing boys?
2 good plays from judon in 1 game!
Any streams available for an out of towner?
"I dont mind us passing more for the practice, we need to get our throws going if we want any shot of doing well in the playoffs"
Minshew doing his best Lamar impression with that slip
That was a fucking hold Holy shit
Why is the MO in Baltimore inverted?
"Judon showing up early.., haven’t seen much from him this year"
Jags Oline looking like a hot mess
Where did they get these announcers from? They sound like they should be calling a high school football game
Minshew is going to get Minchewed up all day huh
These jags aren't very good
Why tf do they play the crowd noise right after the play?
Guess Humphrey good? Lol he was just limping before that tackle
Defense has to communicate that scramble... Chris board was covering Robinson the whole way but could have turned around if he knew minshew was scrambling.
What a great catch damn
Does Yannick have any other moves besides dipping the shoulder and attempting to turn the edge? I’ve yet to see a spin move or bull rush.
Nice play by bowser
Sack for Bowser??
That right tackle isn't having a good day
I really don’t like the wrap and let go we do. Can y’all hold onto to them please😅
Get this stop!!
Is jackson's o line really bad or is our d line just stepping up?
Damn chris board a pretty man
Man it’d be nice to have a defense.
YAAAAAAASSSS
"i understand the call, but going on 4th down and long-ish in the 1st quarter doesn't seem like a great decision"
Y’all remember when we played the Jags in London...?😅😅😅
Oh my gawd he on X Games mode
No idea why they went for it they really must not trust that punter or there full tank mode
Worrying about Miami doesn’t seem very productive. They still have the Raiders and Bills. The risk I guess is that the Bills have nothing to play for in week 17 but with only 3 losses I think they could still have a shot at the 2 seed.
Nice catch by andrews
Nice!
I want to see more of Ricard but I may be biased since I just ordered his jersey
That’s my running back 😢
Are u kidding me
Hell yeah
We should go for 2. Be up 17
Let’s gooooo
No score in pats fins game
Cam throws every pass like it hurts him
"Patrick read that run, my boy smart. He’s getting better and better😤😤"
Queen is pumped
Good stuff Boze
Unfortunate play call against that screen. Happens
damn they got Jay Gruden? what a shitshow of a franchise
Texans selling rn
"Roman, wtf are you doing?"
Well that play looked off to start
Let’s go
Jeez what is this the first dpi for us this season?
I was like noooooooooo then yeeeeeeeees
wtf was that?
Why do our running backs have no idea where to stand
All that work for a run straight up the middle for negative yards?
Stop cheating jags
Pi baby
That was 2 holds and still almost an amazing one hander
That was... Really a bad call lmao
Was that a soft call?
I bet some off you are still pissed we are throwing lmao
That was a weak ass call. Ngl.
"that's weak but i guess you could call it? lol

at least we get a shitty PI for once"
I wince every time someone lands on the ball like that. I can feel the wind getting knocked out
Thought the PI was ticky tack until the jersey grab
Honestly we really don't need to be running these plays today.
We didn’t draw a PI or the refs just didn’t want to call it?
Dang... The one time it was headed for Bryant
Man really cam. Damn it
BABY!
I know we’re all paying attention now; but the ravens haven’t gotten any help from other teams all season especially NFC teams.
analyst humph comes on the field every once in awhile instead of fruit punch
The jags really are miserable huh lmao
That's just Marlon doing his thing. Elite CB play to just use your body to get in the way of the WR's progress forward. Good no flag.
Florida man is not a good quarterback.
Intentional fumble for 15+...
Step up Houston
"Is DAZN being kinda fucky for anyone else, or just me?"
"I would love to have Schobert. I said that when he was with the Browns. 

Am I wrong to think that?"
Why is Jacksonville calling timeouts?
That was a badass Air Force commercial
"Why does harbaughs face mask/gaiter look like it’s being worn inside out constantly lmao, I think it’s the faded ness of it which makes it looks like that but it bothers me so much"
YANNICK
HOU 4th and goal
yannick!
LETS GO
texans down 4
SACK SACK SACK
Where did all these sacks come from
Yannick!!!!!!!! There we go baby!!!!
Yannick!!!!!
Run up the score this team needs the confidence.
"McPhee, stepping in front of Marlon like pick on somebody you're own size 😤"
What happened? I was in the bathroom
Long fg time!
Good return and getting out of bounds
That was a pretty good punt for the big guy there
Pls block the punt
I don't remember us calling timeouts
That punter is really a linebacker
The dude punting for JAX looks like Joseph Gordon Levitt with his face smashed up against a sliding glass door
"I really wish we could see more Duvernay and Proche on offense

I just want to see what they can do"
Soulja Stiff arm?
"26 points, add to it with 26 seconds!"
This guy is massive
"Hollywood, you got to get out there"
We gonna get 3 more before the half lol
Soulja stiff arm lmao
Let tucker kick!!!
Huuuuge flag
Flag!!
Damn.
No Tucker!!
F
Oop.
Damn. Oh well
"damn it, stop ruining tucker's stats"
"I say we keep the 1s on both sides in for another series to build the lead, then puts the 2s in."
How many sacks do we have so far?
I Would love to see Lamar get like 250 + passing yards this game tbh. Just try out some stuff and build more confidence
Who is the backup QB?
This defense is being really good about going for Robinson's legs so he can't churn and bounce off people tackling him high.
lol Jags damn
Nuh another CB out
come on just tackle please
Shenault got his ass WORKED for breaking that tackle lmao
What in the hell was that?
Damn that was a good catch
That's grounding
detroit is creepin up on the titans
[deleted]
Bs
Missed tackles have been better the last couple weeks but need to make that sack
"damnit Ferguson, so close to the sack"
Wish we could tackle
Goddamnit defense wtf
I hate it
Damn Queen is just not that good in coverage sometimes.
"Our pass rush feel like some type of cruel, sick joke perpetrated by some divine being"
what a play.
Pats just fumbled mid-field
Pats are throwing
"Cool. Offense, time to show up.

Fuck the Jaguars."
Wait that a first??
Dobbins? Doghouse?😐
Wow they gave it to us
Just give it to dobbins
Half yard short
Either way we are going for  it
lol Marrone stick your pinky out whilst you drop that flag
JAX will win this review.
Are they blind
Hilarious from Torbert and company. Just comical again. They always come through.
Yo why were there like 15 cardboard cutouts of the same dude on the top row 😂😂😂😂
Go for it. Fuck it
The stick wasn’t level.
LETS GOOO
Easy call for that first
"Honestly i don’t like the decision to go for it but im glad it worked. Too much risk, too little reward."
They're really running Lamar a lot.
Get that yale analytics man upstairs a drink
Move the chains!
Llama
This is comedic how behind CBS all access is. Fuck tegna
GUS WITH THEM STRONG ASS THIGHS
easy
Who else is watching all 3 games like a boss
"Just a good, solid drive there. Might be the best overall game we've had all season."
Defense need a int or fumble
Another crazy catch. Marlon a little late on looking back.
Lamar might not see the field in the 4th Q.
"Another fucking circus catch, can these guys chill"
I don’t think Marlo is even 70%. He’s banged up
Tackling needs to improve man.
Queen got deleted there
Nice tackle by Averett
What's up with Marlo? Did some girl break his heart or something?
cmon marlon
Tony khan gonna put a jobber in a ravens jersey next week on aew
Where Andrews at??
Nutttt
God damnit
Now he’s injured
Dammit nvm
What the fuck just happened
Get up!
Awwwww man
"Who does the top big man plays show?  

This one makes it im pretty sure?"
MIA TD :(
"At least getting hit this way, deff a battle in the trench"
Noooooooooo
Come on Houston! Please
How much you wanna bet the Pats will fuck this up for us... just because.
😭😭😭😭
Miami just scored to take the lead :(
"&#x200B;

Hollywood Brown with  a nice 44-YD reception 👍🏾"
I had to switch to radio what happened?
What if I have an abnormally big trash can?
miracle
Hell yes.
"DOBBINS! My gosh, that spin!"
"Hollywood, good?"
Boykin needs to practice boxing defenders out like that. He needs to use his size to his advantage
Houston blowing this
2nd & 20 Colts
"We are playing the jags so I don't want to get too hype, but the missing ingredient on this team has been pass rush. If that keeps rolling like it has today we're a threat in the playoffs (please one of these teams lose)"
Colts down inside the 5.
Lol damn it Clark!
Robinson is my rb1 pls be ok
That's a fucking chinsey call
That's a horrible call.
They gettin’ Hunted
Time for Tyler!
LMFAO Offensive PI. Let's stop this 3rd and let Lamar score again.
That was a giveup play by jax...
Bad OPI call but we'll take it I guess
Haha that smile. He impressed himself
Let’s go Huntley!
Why are we passing
Holy shit it’s Anthony Wright!
 Colts TD. Fuck
ZOOM ZOOM
"Yo, Huntley is fast!"
Just sayin if our offense can work with all of these QBs maybe Roman isn’t that bad. He’s great at coming up with run plays he just needs to stick to that in close games
Probably one of the best 4 yard runs of all time lmao
Damn can’t believe he got positive yards on that play
"Let's hope for big upset in the other games, or we're hoping for week 16 luck"
Damn it
If that's the block I saw he wasn't facing his end zone so don't think it should be a penalty
"Mecari and skura, the gang who cant snap straight"
What is this man putting in his gas tank???
Ferguson over Ward? Y’all agree?
"Houston converts the 1st, ball fumbled into the end zone and the Colts recover."
God damnit texans
Fucking Texans man
"need some deshaun magic

edit: nvm"
What dumbass
[deleted]
Nooooo so close. Fucking illegal formation man 😭😭😭
Was hoping Huntley would chase that first td this last drive
We win these
We need to give up on Lamar and the deep ball this year. It ain’t happening.
Why not go for two there? Make it a 3 possession game 🤦‍♂️
"If we go up by 4 scores, I’m in favor of putting the subs in."
Typical fair weather fans overreacting.
TYREE IS BETTER THEN INGRAM
Is it Huntley time yet?
"Catch the ball Miles, jfc"
"Ugh Lofton is the worst, I’d rather listen to Collinsworth"
Reminder that this doesn’t excuse that shit throw just like Hollywood’s catch last week didn’t excuse his trash drops on the game tying drive. If we do this shit every week we will not win playoff games. Point blank
Fluker doesn't belong in the NFL anymore
What was board doin there lmao
"The Lamar needs to fixe this floater pass man 

Those are atrocious and easy to intercept"
They didn’t rule that Andrews catch as a catch?
Might as well put Huntley out there already
Pi
Marlon is hurt
Do we want colts or titans to lose?
"Oh poo on you lions. Oh well go texans go pats

Update: nvm lions :)"
This is the longest drive in the history of the league
Fucking hell James Robinson is a beast
Well damn there goes the shutout
The big plays are unacceptable keep everything short make them drain the clock
"""Sack Daddy"" Ferguson misses so many sacks thats his 4th this season."
Challenge the spot
Marlon getting burned again
"Marlon is doing his best.
I trust our offense."
Do we pull Lamar this game?  I mean i know its a blow out and he should rest but is Huntley really game ready?
BOLLYWOOD
"LJ FORT. Please let that stand.

Edit: oh fuck off zebras"
I FUCKING FORGOT TO SWAP MY DEFENSE IN FANTASY J COULD HAVE STARTED THE RAVENS FUCK ME
Are our playoff chances pretty much fucked now?
"Lamar cant throw a deep ball. He’s proven that all season. Good thing is we don’t need it. So why the fuck is Greg calling it?

Yall can downvote me just like you downvoted me when I said hollywood is trash, then he dropped 2 huge passes in clutch time. Remember when lamar overthrew an easy TD to Andrews last week? Jesus"
Really starting to dislike the defense.
Marlon has been getting burned since he signed that contract
Horrible call I'm not even going to lie
"If something can’t be determined within the first minute of a review, the ruling on the field must be upheld imo. So annoying wasting this time."
Please ban anyone who does the yasss or slay queen shit
"Marlon getting roasted, toasted and burnt to a crisp"
Come on tuck
Raven defenders are absolutely terrible at playing the football
Wait... did I miss something? The chains had us a few inches short and they gave us the first down? Lol.
"I really wanna feel good about this game, but I still can’t with how bad our defense has looked. If we can’t stop these guys, how in hell could we ever stop the Chiefs?"
Is that guys name shatley? What a tragic last name
Can Marlo cover anymore?
Been having a bad feeling about Tucker’s kicks all day. Was just a matter of time.
"Dude Humphrey is fucking up since COVID, he is getting beat in tight coverage"
For fantasy reasons I’m glad Robinson scored lol
[deleted]
Lucky we didn’t get pass interference there
Where’s the guy who was up in arms when I said this game was over when it was 9-0...?
Aren’t we 0-5 with the ball first?
Good job not showing a replay you fucks
WE HAVE A CLEAR ADVANTAGE IN THE RUN. EXPLAIN WHY YOU WOULD EVER LOB A FLOATER INTO DOUBLE COVERAGE. WE WILL NEVER WIN A CHAMPIONSHIP LIKE THIS
Almost a safety
THROW IT TO DEZ PLS
let's go Andrews
Lol at the fake crowd excitement. I’ve heard college teams with a better fake crowd
wtf was that
Who does everyone want to see in the first rounf
"wow, on Queen and Humph, jeez what a throw"
That wasn't a catch in the phins game no way
Terrible spot lmao.
From the other angle he looked like half a football length short. Was a generous spot tbh
"Need Pats, Lions or Texans comeback"
Bro just take Marlon out. They arent coming back let's keep him.healthy
HARBAUGH BENCH LAMAR. Taking unnecessary risks man. Jesus. Keep the stud healthy
Baltimore glassmen should be the new mascot. Jesus christ.
Keep Lamar in. We’re the only team that benches the starter
here come the excuses for Marlon
Why tf is that lady talking about cleats
[deleted]
If marlon is so good why is he constantly picked on by opposing QBs. Its confusing to me.
[deleted]
I dont think he caught that it was moving in his hands
These cbs suck
"We have amazing RBs, do we need to QB run so often and further risk injury?"
He just can't throw consistently this year.
Run that shit. Not that hard to understand
"Damn, burn some clock"
TEN GETS TURNOVER
Can we stop running with Lamar lol
Imagine if Jacksonville took Lamar in 2018 instead of Taven Bryan... Teams could be in the others position right now. Crazy.
Marlo again....
Lamar not running well today....he looks uncomfortable when he runs
Can we stop with the poorly designed Lamar runs? My man is a terrible decision maker stop leaving the play up to him
"He is short, a few feet short. Replay’s moving this back."
"Imagine if Miami, Cleveland and Indy win out imma cry"
Hollywood is awful. No way around it
"I cant find the NFL thread can someone link it to me? I want to talk shit to the jags fans.

-edit- Lol dont downvote me, help a bro out."
lol Boykin wide open and he almost overthrew him from 8 yards away
Huntley has a better arm than lamar lol
Why Peters have his chain outside his sweater like that? Looks douchy af
Go jags!!
[removed]
[deleted]
The inactive is half of our 2019 pro bowl selections
"Ingram :(
Kinda expected jimmy, peters and Calais out.
Side note: feels like whenever Jihad Ward plays he does decently, just continues to be the odd man out"
Should win without them hopefully this is to help get Calais to near 100% before playoffs
Ingram a healthy scratch?
Ingram healthy scratched to stack up on corners
"Ingram thing was inevitable with how JK has come on, but Gus has clearly leaped him, too. It’s a bummer. Good dude. 

And yeah this game might be closer than it should be, those are some hits on defense."
Good to let the boys get rested up while we play a tank squad
"Hopefully this is more ""give them a week to get better, we don't need all hands on deck"" than ""yeah these guys are hurt and it could linger into the next few games.""

Definitely need the defenders back as healthy as possible if the playoffs are going to be a real chance."
"""Free 'Haddy'!"""
[deleted]
[removed]
Looks like its a healthy scratch. Both Zriebec and Hensley confirmed it.
"https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1340698260252614659?s=21

I think he’s done with us after this season"
"It sucks for Mark Ingram after being such an outstanding leader and teammate for this franchise; but as the old saying goes, the NFL is a business and you have to dress the best 46 players that will help the team win on Sunday (or Monday... or a Tuesday... or even a Wednesday).

Right now, Ingram just isn't that and hasn't really been since honestly suffering that calf injury one year ago (aside from his 30-yard direct snap TD against the Texans). The only thing you miss with the other running backs by making Ingram inactive is his pass blocking skills; but Ingram is hardly getting the snaps to utilize that. J.K. Dobbins and Gus Edwards have been the much better runners all year and Dobbins is the future. Justice Hill is a special teams ace.

Other positions, like corner, need the additional roster spot with all the injuries there. Again, it's a what you have done for [the team] lately type of league; and for a great guy like Ingram, it's unfortunate to see it end like this."
"I am sorry to say this but thank you. Literally has been a waste of a spot for the past few weeks with low snap count and no special team contribution. Clearly, last week showed we need more defense on the field lol"
"I honestly think he could have played these last three games, especially depending on the outcome.

But man losing our hype man is going to hurt."
"Last week showed this team needs to load up on corners and not backs, let Hill get some looks for a few weeks"
"Damn that's wild

It makes sense but that's tough. Sorry mark :("
"There's been a lot of posts in r/nfl about MP faking an injury and ""being a bitch"" especially because of the spitting incident. 

And now I just saw on the injury report that he is out for our game with Jacksonville.

I just think its fucked up that people assume a dude is faking an injury when he actually ends up injured. Like give him the benefit of the doubt... especially if you are a fan of the team. 

I'm sure there are plenty of conspiracy theorists that will just say he's saving face because we're playing the Jags and he's hiding from the spotlight or something. But every game matters and our defense is thin.

Also although funny, the poop jokes with lamar are kinda fucked up as well. Like the dude had COVID. 

Anyways just wanted to get that out there. Go Ravens! Don't let r/nfl make you too mad."
"Peters went back in before being cleared last week. He then blitzed and made a fuckload of impact. He very obviously aggravated the injury. 

We don’t deserve the man."
"Who gives a fuck about that sub anyways, its Steelers #2"
"why do we care what they have to say? we know peters was hurt during the browns game and has been banged up all year. also, marcus peters is the last person to shy away from “the spotlight” lmao the dude started calling odell and jarvis homegirls and telling them to stfu. something tells me peters doesn’t give af what anyone thinks, hence why he would just go in after not being cleared and blitz first play😂 

tldr: peters is gonna do whatever he wants and he really doesn’t care what anyone else thinks"
The sooner you stop reading /r/nfl the better your sanity will be.  For whatever reason the Ravens are one of the most hated teams over there these days.
r/nfl is a cesspool of fanboys and bandwagoners. I have nothing but contempt for them.
Antonio Brown faked the Burfict hit
"Love this combo of purple and black, looks fire 🔥"
Me too
So happy the purps and blk is back
This the flacco era. Nice to see it again
""
"I think he has that, the Nissan Heisman House commercials, and Oakley this year. Good for him. Needs to catch up to Baker Mayfield’s commercial money."
"He's been with Bose for awhile now. I never heard a peep about it, but I've seen him in their commercials for a couple months now if I'm not mistaken. 

Glad to see it."
Nah this commercial is months old. It’s still funny seeing Lamar dance like that. Idk wtf Mcaffery is doing
I imagine if it weren't for COVID we'd be seeing him in a lot more commercials. There was really only a month or two from the end of last season until lockdown began.
Oakley too
$$$$$
Who cares?
[deleted]
""
I like Cam so I don’t mind saying it as much now
You so accurately captured my sentiments
cam makes it much easier
It’s strange rooting for them when they aren’t playing the Steelers.
Screw the pats.  Let's go Giants!!!!!
What’s worse is we’re going to have to root for the Steelers too
"Go Patriots!!!!!
I think Belichick has some tricks up his sleeve"
Y’all better not be like the Yinzers a few years ago cheering for the browns from their own stadium.
""
Dude he's a fucking tank. So used to svelte and sexy Tucker.
But is he an opera singer?
My mans ate his Wheaties holy fuck. Put him in at LB
That muffed snap where he still got the punt off at his own goal line was fantastic.
Not lying.  6’3-233.  Patrick Queen is listed at 6’-230
Thought it was just me
Dude looks like a UFC heavyweight champ.
Love heavy kickers.  Fetish level lol
that's the dude who crashed his car driving blackout drunk and the cops found him walking by the road bloody and shoeless
I dunno why but it looked like he was missing his top row of teeth.
lmao
who is he?
"The Giants have a kicker that's like 6'5"" 240"
Yeah he is a tank!
""
This aged well 🤫
Gus is the one true deep threat we have.
"But...but...""generational talent""..."
""
"Do ravens fans hate the fact that Lamar is black? I remember Joe Flacco being horrible with the exception of the one super bowl run, never got hate from the fans."
"Lol Browns/Jags. But seriously, that’s pretty cool. Can’t imagine there are many teams that have done that or back to back."
"Man, /r/titlegore. You know what I mean."
I always thought safeties are cool af bc of how rare they are
""
Still love this mans
"lol during the latest wired after every play I was just thinking

""Damn alright what's Ingram gonna say about this one?"""
"Love Ingram, let’s not bury him yet.  He’s going to come up big in the playoffs.  Just wait."
I wonder if we might see him as a running backs coach in the near future
"Even if he isn’t better than Dobbins or Gus anymore, I still really want this dude on our team"
This is a good move. Older RBs benefit from lighter workloads and games off in the middle of the season. He'll be good for the playoffs if people go down.
We have been blessed to have some of the leagues best and most passionate players
True Professional Football Player 💯💯
Future ravens RB coach 👀?
He’ll be proud
Watching him run is so fun.  Dude looks like the Juggernaut when he gets a head full of steam
❤️
That mans is the mans of all mans
Big Truss!
Yessir
I love this whole team man
Where was be today?
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Just stream it, I live in London and I've never missed a game. Go on nflbite.com"
+1 for nflbite. Ravens fan in MA and I can watch every week.
So I am wondering if Fubo even confirms your location  because I just typed in a random Baltimore zip code and they are streaming the game for me. Is it really this easy with fubo?
Yes. But it costs fucking $65/month
nflbite dot com
"He is going to be a top back in this league, and he already kind of is. He just doesn’t have the benefit of a whole Season being the featured back. Can’t wait to see this guy ball for years to come!"
Hes a monster he hits the edge in a flash and he runs with power hes gonna be great for us
He's got an incredible combination of speed and power. He's an ideal back to pair with Lamar.
Ray Rice esque
Excellent rusher! That rookie hungry!!!
Let us pray for the defenders who will be condemned to his highlight reels.
"Now, just imagine how insane he could be if we would actually implement him on screen passes."
"Am I the only one who thinks Romans hand was forced with the healthy scratch of Ingram?


Mfer said we’re playing “real football not fantasy football” in reference to wasted snaps with Ingram"
Can you imagine if Gus polished his blocking a little and switched to fullback so we could have both of them on the field at the same time?
Can somebody make some damn gifs of this man! 72yards today! Crushing skills
[deleted]
🤣
Love the violence he runs with.
""
#X
🙅🏼‍♂️
#X
#x
X
❌
❌
#X
❌❌❌
D-generation X
"Cowboys fan coming in. I’m so happy for Dez and I’m thankful for that Ravens have given him a chance. I miss seeing this man in a Cowboys uni but, man, it’s so fuckin awesome to see him throw that X up again."
XXX
❌
🙅🏿‍♂️
❌
x
🙅🙅
#X
X GON GIVE IT TO YA
❌
X
X
❌
✖
XXXXXX
🙅‍♂️
[removed]
**X**
X
[removed]
It happened I’m so HYPE!!
#X
Gonna give it to us.
Nice catch
He was so wide open twice on that play
X
[deleted]
Big truss glad he unretired again
🙅‍♂️
""
Pretty close really
"On the safety, the feed first had Justin Tucker as getting the sack.

Presumably they put #9 instead of #99."
if Tucker threw up the Dez X factor celebration after his next huge kick that would be peak r/ravens
Kick up the X
Tucker looking kinda *different*...
That’s not Justin Tucker??
Throws up the X with his legs after every kick
Ball so hard University
JDeztin Tuxker
""
Hope we can keep it going and put up 40 or 50.
Minshew looks like he's from Dundalk
I missed it
They were saying there were no punches thrown.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lamar Jackson has now tied his rushing touchdowns from 2019 with 7. He just got a 5 yard touchdown run
Cool
"That 30-some yard pass to Edwards was a gorgeous play.  Slipped a sack.  Returned to the pocket.  Saw another rusher coming unblocked and still got the pass off and completed.

In the same game in which he became the first QB to ever have two 800+ yard rushing seasons in a row.

Truly elite."
A #1 guy is needed bad. He's overproduced with what he's been given so far and I love it.
Have an elite qb again*
Will always downvote Flacco disrespect on this sub. Not saying Lamar isn’t better but we won a fucking SB because of that dude. Always will be elite in my eyes.
Is a little overrated.. way too predictable with the blitz’s
Aged like milk
[deleted]
Thanks for weighing in MrBigDick83KiK
When we get a more consistent pass rush it’s over for everyone
[removed]
"WE FINALLY RECOVERED A FUMBLE ON DEFENSE MINI UPVOTE PARTY.

(I know some of you guys don’t like these, but is this ok?)"
Nothing like going against the 62nd ranked LT in the league to prove them wrong
Lol @ regency bias
""
"Fuck he’s hurt :(

I was hype"
Yeah I loved it but hate him being hurt
And get hurt.  Fuck
Holy shit I did not expect him to actually get the 1st. That was a hilariously slow 7 yard run.
Big boy look like a freight train.
""
If this doesn’t make Angry Runs I’m gonna be pissed.
"James Lofton was having so much fun watching this in the booth. ""*OH, YEAH!!! OOOOHHHHHH, YEAH!!!!!*"""
We went on to score a TD on this drive. Would have been punting from our end zone without his efforts. Really commendable effort.
But then he got hurt. Hope he's okay
LONGEST RUN OF THE GAME!
He sent Miles Jack back 4 yards lol huge truck.
When he’s healthy this man NEEDS to get a goal line touch. Hope he’s alright.
Honestly that is a big heads up play for the rookie. Great work.
Give him goal line carries. Like the fridge!
"HAHAHAHAHA

an all time Ravens run 

😂"
I wouldn't want to be infront of that man. Hit him so hard he hurt himself
RUMBLIN BUMBLIN STUMBLIN
Play of the game!
Bruv gets downhill! I want to see some Tyre designed runs in the next couple games.
Beautiful
This is so great! Lol
"I don’t care where the line of scrimmage was. To me, that was a 22 yard run."
"So, this was great, and exciting. But DAMN Lamar, protect that football....."
How was this not SC top 10
ill literally watched this clip 100 times already :P
[deleted]
We’re getting hot at the right time of the year.
Ravens dead ass peaking at the right time with 2 games left to go but it won’t matter if MI IND And CLE win out.. no one doing us any favors this week again. If Both BAL and IND win out but titans win the division we get in over the Colts because our H2H right?
"In a few scenarios, the Ravens will need the Browns to lose to the Steelers week 17 

Ugh..this was supposed to be a reply."
Wasn't his first game back the cowboys? We scored 34 that game.
And getting no help at the moment
I suggest we stop watching this blowout and check out the Pats vs Dolphins game. We need Dolphins to lose badly
Watching them doesn’t change things so I’m gonna watch my favorite team until Sunday ticket decides not to show the rest of the game
Colts loss would also help
Its not looking good lol
Welp pats aint winning. Gotta hope the bills beat em
We can literally never Count on a team to lose to help us
Nah Cam is not up to the task this game. Several wide open over throws not keeping up at all even if the score is close
Lol.  So by saying I was relaxed makes me a tough guy.
Not looking good for us boys. Those 2 losses to the titans and patriots coming back to haunt us. All we needed to do was win 1 of those games and we dropped the ball. Worst part about it is we’re finally back to 2019 form showing promise Lamar playing his best stretch of football in his career and we’re going to miss the playoffs at 11-5 and we haven’t won a playoff game in 6 years and Lamar won’t win his first. 😕 giants pls win tonight
THIS IS NOT A DRILL
He kinda fast doe
He just did what rgiii shoulda been doing.
"I think rg3’s time is done here. Love him and all, plus  think he helped Lamar a lot but I mean Lamar could teach Huntley a thing or two if he was backup."
Boy fast like NASCAR
"I go to university of Utah, it’s hard to express how much everyone loves Huntley. He’s a really great guy, him going undrafted was a steal for you guys. If he was invited to the combine and ran a 4.5 and vertical jumped 43 inches, like he did in private workouts, he gets drafted."
Damn! He doing the damn thing!
Go utes! And ravens of course.
Seeing how he scrambles for that 19 yd pickup is like having a Lamar Jackson clone. Thats kinda unfair tbh.
Lamar Jr.
"We wouldn't have to change our offense if he could produce.  But really happy for the guy, how many guys are a practice squad QB and never see the field.   He couldn't stop smiling and that made me smile."
Damn he’s got wheels theres gotta be somewhere where he can be off the practice squad
"back to the ""beat the shit out of you so hard that we are not even gonna put lamar out again"" type games"
[deleted]
This guy ain't half bad. Looks like the perfect backup!
Right! fast and nice arm even though Boykin dropped it
Reminds me when Atlanta tried to get Vick back ups to be the same type as Vick.  I like it because you don’t change the play calling too much.
He looked faster than Lamar tbh
""
They born different down there
""
[deleted]
No. Don’t think a lot of teams are trying to mimic or play calling.   It’s also why I think tyrod Taylor is in a bad spot next year
Which brings up the question. What if he had played against the Steelers.
"I don't think so. Why? I think he will be our QB2 next year.

IMO, he was a better qb prospect coming out of college than trace was. I think he would've won the qb3 job if not for covid wrecking the NFL's offseason/preseason. W/ a shortened preseason & no preseason games, it made sense for the ravens to opt for a 2nd yr qb in trace over a UDFA rook."
He looks more like Lamar than RG-III and Trace.
"I'm at work so I can't really watch, but I saw the 3/14 that he salvaged and I didn't realize lol

That's all I saw though"
Actually he looks nothing like him.. I see a lot id ravens fan don't know what they have in Lamar..
""
Small sample size but he looked incredible.
Bring back the heisman package!! But with jk and Huntley
with the speed he has you gotta think they put him in for some gadget plays right?
and then his contract will be up and he ends up as the bengals starting QB. Then the Bengals win 1st in the division for the next 12 years
Why didn’t we use him during the Steelers game when Lamar was out?
Why did we go for it on 4th and 20 lol?
I guess to give Huntley more time playing but I was screaming for Tucker
To not run up the score?
420 blaze man
[deleted]
And the Ravens having an illegal formation penalty. (even if it comes while defending a PAT attempt)
We were so close...
"Significantly better today. Hollywood caught his passes, we weren't penalized at all until like the 3rd I think and we even got a bad call in our favor, which I didn't know how to feel about. Maybe the jags are paying the refs to help with the tank?

Whatever it was, we just need to do these things against real teams and we are right back to being contenders"
Couldn't risk ending the streak. We're making history here.
Tucker missed? 😢
He missed from like 57
big truss
"Tucker missed because there was nothing on the line, we were blowing them out already #truss"
We won. By alot
We gave our new RB Tyre Phillips a run and he got 22 yards in one carry. There’s potential there
[removed]
"In our last 4 games against Florida teams, we've outscored them 159-36"
"A nice, easy win. What else can be said? The Jaguars aren't a good team (and that's putting it nicely). The Ravens played as efficiently as they could. The pass rush had it's best game in weeks even if it was against one of the league's worst offensive lines. It's just that the defense needs to get healthy, especially in the secondary.

Oh, it would be ideal if the Dolphins, Browns or Colts could lose another game or two. Yeah, that would be great."
"Lamar Jackson today:

77%, 17/22, 243 yards, 3 TDs, 133 passer rating"
Tyler Huntley
How did we lose to the Patriots? They’re so fucking bad
"Man, fuck Houston and New England. For fuck's sake if we go 11-5 and still miss the playoffs I'm gonna go fucking apeshit"
I'm really annoyed that we might win out finishing 11-5 and miss a 7 team playoffs. Literally can't ever get any help from other teams.
Who’s the Jaguars punter?
Rooting for the giants tonight!
Nice dominating win. I think our playoff odds technically decreased today with dolphins and Colts winning unfortunately but we just have to keep winning and hope something breaks our way.
Ravens lost so many games they shouldn’t have. Very good chance it bites them in the ass.
"# 2020 /r/ravens Week 15: Player of the Game

The rules are simple:

* **Submit a player/coach/position group**, preferably **in BOLD** to stand out easier. Add stats/reasoning if you want.
* Make sure your nominee has not already been submitted.

Previous Weeks

* Week 1: Lamar Jackson
* Week 2: Marlon Humphrey
* Week 3: Whole team except special teams (blame)
* Week 4: Patrick Queen
* Week 5: Defense
* Week 6: Calais Campbell
* Week 8: Lamar Jackson (blame)
* Week 9: Marcus Peters (honorable mention to [u/Blacramento](https://www.reddit.com/u/Blacramento/))
* Week 10: Matt Skura (blame)
* Week 11: Greg Roman (blame)
* Week 12: Steve ""Small Dick"" Saunders (Blame)
* Week 13: The Running Game
* Week 14: Lamar Jackson

This week's nominees are..."
Lamar’s arm!
"I'd love to give it to JK or Yannick, but you know it's gotta be:

# Lamar Jackson

Felt like 2019 out there. He could throw; short, long, he ran, he scored touchdowns however he could. Great game by him."
"**Lamar** 

Carried the offense and is Huntley's biggest fan.

Honorable mention: Ngakoue for his ultimate revenge game"
JK Dobbins. Rookie with the franchise record with td’s in consecutive games
Lamar Jackson
Yannick. That boy showed up for his revenge.
TYREE PHILIPS
"**YANNICK NGAKOUE**!!!!! (Because otherwise, we might as well rename this the Lamar Jackson Award.) Facing off against a decent left tackle in Cam Robinson, Ngakoue *finally* had his breakout game as a Raven and it happened when Baltimore played his former team, no less. He showed the Ravens why he was worth the draft picks by recording two sacks with one of them also resulting in a forced fumble and turnover."
Ngakoue and DEZ “CAUGHT IT” BRYANT!
"Offense. Lots of players stepped up, too many to name."
The entire offense. Also the defensive line?
Who’s the Jaguars punter?
"Team win. Everyone gets a W this week. Yes, even Greg Roman and Marquise Brown."
Yannick!
Patrick Queen. He was balling out today
#TYREE PHILIPS
"Yannick Ngakoue. Because after giving up all those points last week to the Browns, it was nice finally seeing someone play outstanding on defense."
LaMar
Yannick on his revenge tour
Tyree “Human Bowling Ball” Phillips
"Dobbins, Ngakoue"
Throw up the ❌.
"Hollywood.

I've been a major critic of his, but he's turned it out recently. Had a mental lapse right before the half but otherwise a great showing, trending up at the right time."
Sam Koch.  Didn't have a single punt. That's what I like to see.
Give it to Dez! :)
Whole team played great today
The whole offense
Team Win
"Yannick, or Lamar. Shoutout to the WRs as well"
TYREE PHILIPS
"Dez Bryant

Was heart broken when he could t play the revenge game against his old them, the cowboys."
Lamar Jackson!!!!! I’ve been yearning for a game where he sat out 4th quarter lol
Tyree or dobbins
Team win
Offensive line? No sacks today IIRC
"If the Browns lose to the Giants tonight, I’ll vote whoever is most responsible for putting us in a playoff spot. Otherwise, Lamar, Yannick, Queen."
"Nominees:

J.K Dobbins - Dobby runs with anger. Ravens better not give him any Socks, and set him free.

Patrick Queen - The presence and impact he's made as a **Rookie**, is nothing short of incredible. 

Yannick Ngakoue - He's officially left Sacksonville and has been welcomed to Blitzmore. 

Lamar Jackson - Lights Out...again. 

Dez Bryant - First TD in 3 Years. Throws up the X. Heart is happy. 

Tyler Huntley - THAT""S A 4TH STRING QB?..... OKAY Baby Lamar. 

I feel we could chalk this up as a Team win this week."
Lamar Jackson 👏🏾
Lamar Jackson
JK Dobbins & Yannick Ngakoue!
Gotta give it to tyree
lamar
LJ8
Lamar
"Lamar Jackson. 

I'm loving how they're attacking deep down the field. It's the next step in this offense. With back-to-back 40+ point games, this offense is starting to feel like what we expected it to be at the beginning of the year. It's because Lamar is taking more deep shots."
Tyre
"I really don’t know, everyone played well. The real answer is Lamar or the entire D for stepping up with 1 starting CB...So let’s give it to 

 DEZ! Cause I’d never thought I’d say Dez was the ravens player of the week"
"Im gonna say defense on this one actually, I know they're not perfect but I thought they played really well for how many guys are out right now"
TYRE PHILLIPS! LMAO
"#Lamar.

Boy was balling. He's now 28-7 as a starter in the regular season in his career. 

He's won *80%* of his starts."
"WR's — Marquise 6/98yds, Dez TD, long reception for Gus, Mandrews hustled hard. After the last few weeks of pus, they worked and played hard. Sure they're not world beaters, but they're trending in the right direction."
Yannick
"The Jaguars, they’re the worst team in the NFL"
JK
I nominate dez bryant for his first touchdown in 3 years
"IDK, hard to say when you beat the shit out of a team. let's go with JK tho, some big runs today."
I’m surprised there aren’t move votes for the o-line. Lamar had FOREVER to throw and the running holes were plentiful. Plus Tyree doing his best Lamar impression... The line has been hit hard by injuries but the young guys and and depth veterans have all stepped up.
the Baltimore Ravens Team
"dobbins, defense(mostly Yannick Ngakoue), or Lamar"
"Lamar Jackson

Honorable mention to Marquise Brown for most improved player"
I've got to go Dobbins on this one. His running to the edge opened up a lot of options in the pass game. Averaging 5.2 yards/carry in his rookie season.
"**LAMAR JACKSON OR THE WHOLE DEFENSE** 

**I SAY LAMAR BECAUSE HES JUST A REALLY TALENTED PLAYER/PLAYMAKER HE CAN SIT IN THE POCKET AND MAKE THROWS AND HE CAN RUN AND HE SHOWED THAT THIS WEEK** 

**BUT ISAY DEFENSE BECAUSE THE JAGUARS O-LINE COULD NOT HANDLE OUR PASS RUSH**"
Lamar
"Im going with the dark horse:

Greg Roman


He called a good offense."
"Tyree. 

We can't choose Lamar,  guy didn't even the game."
"If they manage it against the Browns, we'd have the tiebreaker!!!!"
"Go G-Men

Edit: You disappoint us, Giants. Prepare for your punishment."
Freddie Kitchens has a lot of experience beating the Browns
"Lol they're so horrible. Looks like Week 15 was a bust, now time to move to Week 16 and see if someone 5-7 slips up"
lol yeah right
""
Nothing changed this week unless the browns lose
[deleted]
Didn't know we played the Browns today
Seriously fuck you New England and Houston
"Lamar Jackson today:

 77%, 17/22, 243 yards, 3 TDs, 133 passer rating"
"Harbaugh  has 10 winning seasons in 13 years of coaching the  Ravens.

3rd best home winning % in NFL head coaches   🏈 🏈"
"Us needing help never goes our way, great win but man it sucks knowing we can go 11-5 and still end up on the couch come January"
Tyler Huntley deserves the backup spot.. he is another lamar
"Great game, glad we took care of business this week.

We obviously want the Giants to win tonight, but we should also be rooting for the Saints against the Chiefs, to allow Buffalo to perhaps be playing for a #1 seed week 17 against Miami."
"(So, a new thread was created... with the wrong opposing team in the title? C'mon, man!) A nice, easy win. What else can be said? The Jaguars aren't a good team (and that's putting it nicely). The Ravens played as efficiently as they could. The pass rush had it's best game in weeks even if it was against one of the league's worst offensive lines. It's just that the defense needs to get healthy, especially in the secondary.

Oh, it would be ideal if the Dolphins, Browns or Colts could lose another game or two. Yeah, that would be great."
Didn’t play the Browns but at least you tried
Happy for Dez. That is all
"If the Steelers drop a game to the colts, won’t that give both Pitt and Buffalo something to play for in week 17 since they could both compete for the 2nd seed?"
All that and New England and Houston has to fucking choke. Fucking bums.
"&#x200B;

Tyler Huntly is special. 

Also  interesting,  Huntley and Lamar  both hail from Florida in nearby towns"
Browns?
Yannick revenge game
My heart needed that one
"So if the damn Browns lose tonight, what does that mean for us?"
So what do we need to happen to make the playoffs... Other than keep winning lol
Nice dominating win and our playoff odds technically still decreased with Colts and dolphins winning lol. Just have to keep winning and hope something breaks our way.
Marquise Brown had a good game. 6 catches 98 yards
"Fuck Jacksonville. 

Never liked their stupid ass logo, the fact that fucking Jacksonville got a team over us in the 90s, the fact that they still have a all-time winning head to head record against us, and that horrific 44-7 London game against them.

Ik happy about the stomping but it's heavily tainted by the other games not going our way and allowing Gardener Minshew to get that last TD to go to 14. I wanted to stomp them out as bad as they did us in 2017."
""
"If the browns, colts, or dolphins lose 1 we jump them (i think)"
We need the Giants to win on SNF or one of Miami Indy or Cleveland to drop one of their last 2
"Win out, need one of the Browns, Colts or Dolphins to lose one"
"Same as before. Dolphins or Colts need to lose one.  


Next week is truth week. We have our hardest remaining game, Colts face steelers and Dolphins take on Raiders.

Dolphins still got Bills week 17, but.... I dont know if Bills will have anything to play for in week 17."
"Still the same. We need Indy, Miami, or Cleveland to just lose one game"
"Same as before in terms of what needs to be done, sure, but I think probability decreased a little following Dolphins and Colts wins."
"Either Miami lose one, or Cleveland/Indy need to drop two (because of 3-way tiebreakers)"
Now all we need is the giants to take a w and we are in it's a long shot but we have a shot
""
We know
""
FUCK THE TEXANS AND PATRIOTS.
If the Ravens go 11-5 and miss the playoffs I’m gonna cry tho
"In our last 4 games against Florida teams, we've outscored them 159-36"
Another winning season for Harbaugh!! One of the best in the business baby
I think I got this one right.
"the first time in ages the patriots are eliminated and i dont feel happy about it

goddammit 2020"
Good team win today. Sucks knowing that we need help to get in to the playoffs (especially when we usually get none)
"(Yeah, third time's the charm!) A nice, easy win. What else can be said? The Jaguars aren't a good team (and that's putting it nicely). The Ravens played as efficiently as they could. They did not commit any penalties as well until late in the 3rd quarter when the game was already out of control, making this easily one of the cleanest games Baltimore has put together all year if not the cleanest. The pass rush also had it's best game since the bye even if it was against one of the league's worst offensive lines. It's just that the defense needs to get healthy, especially in the secondary.

Oh, it would be ideal if the Dolphins, Browns or Colts could lose another game or two. Yeah, that would be great.

**EDIT**: On another note, I'm still trying to find the video/.GIF of Greg Roman getting mad in the press box at the end of the first quarter."
"Game shouldn’t have been close and it wasn’t. Good to see. 

Let’s go Giants."
This ain’t London bitches.
"This is Baltimore's 15th winning season in 25 seasons, and their 10th in 13 under Harbaugh.

BAL has gone 8–8 on three occasions (twice under Harbaugh), and has just seven losing seasons (once under Harbaugh)."
"I LOVE YOU RAVENS THANK YOU FOR DESTROYING US, LETS GO"
Unrelated to the Ravens but unbelievable the refs still suck off Brady like they do.
I hope we keep winning out and get some more Huntley sightings
"I always end up upvoting every comment in the player of the game thread, which nullifies my vote lmao."
"As great as that game was, I have just a TINY bit of concern over one thing:

Lamar really stood in there and tried to be a pocket passer, which works against really shitty teams like the Jags, but was disastrous against even decent teams earlier in the season.

My HOPE is that it was Greg Roman telling him to do that because he figured it was an easy win anyway, so work on your pocket passing. But it was Lamar taking off from the pocket and using his legs that beat the Browns and made Lamar look like the MVP again.

Basically, I hope this isn’t a trend. Lamar needs to never, ever force anything and only throw to wide open receivers. If it’s not there, take off. When he does that he’s unstoppable."
Go Giants!
"Pains me to say this, but we’re going to need the Steelers to do something.

Next week v. Colts (Colts play Jags wk 17)
Two weeks away v. Browns (If Browns win against Giants tonight)

Idk about the Dolphins. I don’t count next week against the Raiders because they don’t have a D, and that final game against the Bills might/might not matter to Buffalo."
"I heard that Huntley had outplayed McSorley in practice, but I didn't really believe it. Now that makes sense."
"If the Steelers drop a game to the colts, won’t that give Pitt and Buffalo something tp play for week 17, since they could both get the 2nd seed? (Even though there’s no bye for 2nd seed)"
"Don’t overlook the potential importance of the Saints-KC game. If KC loses, it gives the Steelers more to play for which is good for us."
We feasted
"I dont think RG3 should have ever been our qb2 this year. I wonder if we have won the 2nd pittsburgh game if McSorely or Huntley played instead.

I dont understand how ravens fans have all this love and admiration for RG3, he really has been very mediocre on this team. FFS trace and huntley have outplayed him"
"If the Ravens and Browns finish with the same record, Ravens get in right?"
Tyler Huntley MVP
"I know its just the jags.  But this team is heating up and finding its stride at just the right time.  Hopefully Indy, miami or Cleveland drops one these next few weeks."
Huntley looked as fast as Lamar. Did anyone else notice that?
Cleveland really doesn't deserve to go to the playoffs. Ugh.
Marlon Humphrey's play has declined since coming back from the COVID list tbh.
"Great game, glad we took care of business this week.

We obviously want the Giants to win tonight, but we should also be rooting for the Saints against the Chiefs, to allow Buffalo to perhaps be playing for a #1 seed week 17 against Miami."
what would positioning be if Cleveland loses tonight?
"Guys, keep an eye on this Saints-Chiefs game. The Saints have the league's second ranked defense (still weird to say lol), and if they somehow win, KC drop to two losses, just like Pittsburgh.

Why is that important?? Well, *if all else fails*, the possibility to gain the 1 seed will keep the Steelers playing hard, including against Cleveland in the season finale. 

Just throwing that out there too."
Gmfb has gotta get off the browns dicks
That's a better title
I hope mia loses out
[deleted]
"We need the Dolphins, Colts, or Browns to lose one remaining game as long as we win out."
"Nothing. Miami, Colts and Browns need to lose just one from here on out and we need to win. Pat's don't mean anything to us"
Go Big Blue! The G-MEN (just for today)...
They play both Indy and Cleveland. We likely need them to win one of the two to get in
"No. We just need the team they are playing to lose when they are playing them. 

Never say those words."
Preferably the raiders beat the dolphins but I dont see it happening
Those words are poison bro
No
No
"Lol reading these comments is like hearing young boys talking about cooties.

Yes, we are rooting for the Steelers to win one of those games."
"You you you.... Made this a post.... In this subreddit?
Are you mad?

We don't do that here. (even if we may need the outcome.)"
WOAH WOAH WOAH hold up really quick we don't have to say that just yet we still have the giants to cheer on first even though it's a long shot still better than cheering on the Steelers
""
"The Patriots are absolute trash, It angers me that we lost to them"
Seems like 95% of the time the team we need to win doesn’t come through..
Gonna have to hope the Steelees beat the Colts or Browns or the the Dolphins lose to the Raider sor Bills (ill assume thr Browns will beat thr Jets and Colts will beat the Jags)
Add giants into the mix
And the Giants we’ve gotta hope the Steelers win against the Colts or the Browns.
[deleted]
I'd rather us all collectively give all of our energy to the Giants tonight.
"Nope, but if Indy loses that's always welcome"
They came pretty close today but Huston is gonna Huston again
Root for Miami to lose to Vegas on Saturday night.
Not if the giants win lol
Unfortunately yes
"Never root for the Steelers. If the colts lose to them, that helps, but that doesn't change anything with regards to the Steelers."
The giants can still win. It is a long shot but it's better than cheering for the squeelers if we don't have to
"If it comes to it I won’t root for the Steelers, I’ll root for a colts loss"
"Before then, we can root for the Raiders to beat Miami"
"There are 7 games total left that either Miami, Indy or Cleveland can lose.

And yes, ANY game can be a loss. Look at what the Jets are doing with the Rams right now."
Cheating for the Steelers??? Lol
Exactly
""
I hope he’s ok. I just wanted to use this thread as a way to praise him and the whole o-line. They have been playing phenomenal this season especially considering our best linemen is done for the season and they had to switch around positions and put in backups. Our run blocking has been so dominant and they have protected Lamar so well over the past couple months. People don’t really pay attention to the o-line so I just wanted to give them credit.
"I would be scared shitless if I had to tackle that. 

Try to tackle I mean."
our new 5th string runningback
[removed]
He timed the truck stick perfectly.
"Tyre and Ricard lining up as our goal line running backs, between them and Lamar's speed how can that fail :)?"
"I dont know who this Tyre Phillips guy is cause theres no way that was a human, it that was a fucking wrecking ball"
Been rooting for him all year! Glad the rook contributed in a positive way after his rough start to the season.
"I just now got to see that play. I would not want to be the guy that made first contact lmao

Threw a whole ass man like nothing.

Hope he's okay."
"My buddy and I discussed the possibility of us bringing back the Ngata package for goal line plays. Ricard as the fullback, Phillips as the full-er back."
"Ravens gave Tyre Phillips one of the game balls. His 22-yard fumble recovery and run was team's longest run of the game.

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Missed the game today. Where did Phillips line up? Right tackle? Is Bozeman, Mekari, Powers the constant IOL?"
"Definitely hope he's OK, it was such a great play.  He popped out the pile like a phoenix from the ashes, picked up a head of steam and tossed a man like he was in Smash Bros.  It was a sight to see!"
"Loved the announcer exclaiming ""Oh yeah!"" while Tyre was building up speed.

Now someone needs to superimpose Rich Risen on the run."
Put him in on 1st and goal as a back.
"Hurts to say this but we need Ben Fatburger to beat the Colts next week.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

anyway go Bills I hope they plow the dolphins"
"Before we get there, Go NYG. Help keep Cleveland out of the playoffs and get the Ravens in."
Fuck that. Just root for a Colts loss and don't bring up Pissburgh
Nah I cant ever root for them idgaf. Remember when they rooted for the Browns against us a couple years back and we won? Fuck that if it comes down to us not making the playoffs because of the Steelers winning a game then it’s our fault. I seriously don’t think I can ever root for Shitsburg.
[deleted]
""
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
He's a beast. I'm a proud gay man and Ravens fan. This is the way
My next jersey will be Dobbins but Queen will be right after.
Yasss queen 👑
"That's an absolutely hilarious reason, my man"
Slay queen
This is the way
"Man he was all over their asses today! 

Was that too much? That may have been too much."
"He is a Killer Queen!!
Gunpowder, Tackle Machine!
Dynamite with a lazer beam!"
I got one in October. I had Hayden Hurst (I went to USC so naturally I had to get his jersey) and Mosley before that. Hopefully he is patrolling the middle of the field for years to come
Yass Queen.
"Love this, great reasons to buy!"
Yes dude you have to
"Apt if we ever win the SB with him & ""We Are the Champions!"" playing."
Getting Queen for my wife and I’ll be wearing the new #27 with pride. Love me some Queen and Dobby!
Slay
Nice my Ricard one should be here any day now
Respect.
already have a Lamar and Marlo. Thinking JK for me next
Sassy.
Queen has been terrible.
"So I was thinking, and if Pittsburgh beats the bengals and loses to the colts, and buffalo beats the patriots next week, the bills could clinch the 2 seed with a win over the dolphins, or if the Steelers lose. 

If the Steelers play after the bills, then the bills most likely will not rest their starters in case Pittsburgh wins. But if the bills are on SNF and the Steelers win, the bills will most likely rest their starters (but if they do, it shouldn’t be on Sunday night). 

TLDR; we do not want the Steelers to play before the bills week 17."
"77% completion rate for a passer rating of 133.. I think he may have went for another perfect 99 QBR. I have to calculate the difference though.

Not bad for a running back 😆"
Now is the time to get hot. I’m 100 behind momentum.
"I'll have to go back and watch again, but he looked poised throwing today. It seemed he was stepping into throws and I dont recall seeing a drop in arm angle. Maybe it was the result of a clean pocket, but its encouraging to see"
The fumble was on him and the pick was a bad throw. I doubt he’ll have a 99 QBR. He was great though!
I’m going to guess he finishes at 81.
"Lets be honest tho it was the 1-12 jags, that being said if we can get in the playoffs i have a great feeling about going on a run especially if campbell and jimmy can get healthy"
We need pitt to want to try to get that 1 seed the next 2 games so they dont rest starters
Yessir
root against the chiefs? don't have to ask me twice
They'll lose
[deleted]
"Most Seasons Above .500 Since 2008

Bill Belichick       12

Andy Reid           11

Mike Tomlin        10

John Harbaugh  10"
People really be on here talking about firing him too. LOL
We also helped the jags get the number 1 pick. We helped save Trevor Lawrence!!
"In beating the Jaguars today, John Harbaugh became the 4th coach with 10 winning seasons since 2008.

Most Seasons Above .500 Since 2008

Bill Belichick       12
Andy Reid           11
Mike Tomlin        10
John Harbaugh  10

Source: @ESPNStatsInfo

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"I’m just in awe at the momentum we’ve been able to gain, after a COVID outbreak too. We look like we’re in 2019 form again, which is exactly what we need. If we get into the playoffs, we could make a run for it. I know it seems unlikely right now because we’re not even in the playoff picture, but I have faith in the momentum we have"
"I’m amped af, but we have to stay grounded here. The Browns game was a great showing, but it was insanely close. Today was awesome, but let’s be honest, it was against the 1-12 (now 1-13) Jags. Not hard to look great facing them on the field."
I’m getting a bit of dejavu from the last SB dub. That Chargers win with the 4th and 27th was dramatic and kept them in the playoff hunt. That Browns win feels like almost the same boost. And they’ll be seeded in a spot similar to that last run.
""
"No. But we’ll be only the 2nd team since 1990 to miss the playoffs with an 11-5 record. 

I really don’t want to be in that category."
"Only two other 11-5 teams have missed the playoffs. The 2008 Patriots (6 playoff teams/conference), as mentioned here and the 1985 Broncos (only 5 playoff teams/conference).

Not only did the Ravens get the #6 seed over the Patriots in 2008 with a tiebreaker, but the Dolphins also won the division over the Patriots with a tiebreaker. This was the season Brady went out for the season in week 1 with an ACL after a hit by future Raven Bernard Pollard.

With the WFT loss today, that means the NFC L(East) champ will at best have an 8-8 record and the #4 seed. The current NFC #7 seed Arizona already has 6 losses.

Missing the playoffs with an 11-5 record in the first year that playoffs are expanded to 7 teams/conference would be devastating. Add to this the fact that NFC L(East) champ could have a losing record.

The Ravens need to fire that idiot head strength and conditioning coach super spreader that caused almost half the starters to miss the game at Pittsburgh. Even with practice squad players, the Ravens almost won that game. We exposed the Steelers in that game and now we may need them to beat Indy or the Browns to get into the playoffs."
[removed]
Them 2 receiving TE sets hit different.
A tight end named Pitt-?
"As a gator fan, Lamar to Kyle pitts would be nasty"
"It’s either pitts or hopefully D.Smith , either are big steps up for this offense when used correctly"
"Banking on week 17 wins by the Steelers over Cleveland or Buffalo over Miami are risky because they may not have anything to play for. 

I think the only two realistic chances are next week: PIT over IND, and LV over MIA."
NYG vs Browns tonight could be close!
"Sneaky pick but Titans over Packers. If the titans enter week 17 at 11-4 and the bills are 12-3 then the bills wouldn’t want to rest starters in case Tennessee wins.

Directly, I say Raiders because they need a win."
Pittsburgh vs Cleveland might still be in play if the bye is up in the air.
"Probably unpopular, but I don't think Pittsburgh is beating the Browns, I just can't see it"
"Steelers over colts next week. (Boo)

Raiders over Dolphins next week. 

Giants over Browns tonight"
I think the Bills and Steelers should both want to win in week 17. Hopefully we dont have to wait til the last week though
I like the Raiders against Miami
""
"After his quote from last season, he’s probably fired up to win his first playoff game (if we make it)."
Wish he would have given that speech when we could still control our own destiny. Hate having our playoff hopes rely on other teams' failures
"
""@marlon_humphrey gave a good speech last night. It's hunting mode right now."" @Patrickqueen_ 

***

posted by [@Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1340773984216915968/vid/480x270/TwcXrR7Rh3Y590AI.mp4?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Prior to this game, we were 0-5 when we started on offense."
I definitely wasn’t even a little worried when I remembered this stat and the beginning of the game.
I was worried after that opening int.... But all is well
Ngl I was actually worried once Jax deferred.
The duality of man within these comments lol
The best part is they are undefeated when getting ball at half.
"Jacksonville knew that LA would lose to the jets and were gunning for Lawrence all game, or at least thats the only way I can describe their performance"
Glad we broke that trend.
We did it!!
[deleted]
""
THREE GAMES IN 11 DAYS!
makes the Steelers look like a bunch of babies
"
""Our guys, I'm proud of them. Three short weeks in a row."" 

***

posted by [@Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1340767555414237184/vid/480x270/2e7WV4sXn3ha6pAq.mp4?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Don’t matter if IND or MI CLE keep winning. The titans and Patriots loss is finally here to bite us in the ass. I was confident Bill Belichick would find a way to beat Miami but guess not. Wow I cannot believe we might miss playoffs at 11-5.
BuT mUh ScHeDuLe
""
Minshew to Lamar: your clones are very impressive
Just when they thought they didn't need a spy on the qb anymore
[Someone made the joke by already](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/kh22kq/huntley_appearance/)
Awesome!
Jesus Christ
Cool. You need educated friends.
Your friend has mashed potatoes for brains
"-to the other team.” 

You gotta give him time to finish his sentences."
You need smarter friends.
"Well, your friend is an idiot.  But don't feel bad though, we all have idiot friends."
"I don’t want to brag, but none of my friends said that."
Your friend is a fucking idiot.
Lamar can throw. Dudes just gotta work on the mechanics a lil bit. Can we acknowledge how far he flings that bitch by just flicking his wrist tho? The dime pass to Marquise(outside the numbers) was so effortless it’s not even funny
Lamar threw the ball pretty well today aside from the pick
"Peterman holds the NFL record for most INT in a half so technically he's better at throwing the ball...to the other team.

Also, he's unironically one of Jon Gruden's favorite pre-draft QB during his college days."
You're dumb for associating with him
"Lamar wins more games than almost any other qb.  If, according to these people he can’t throw, imagine how good he will be when he gets better at reading coverages, cleans up his mechanics, or has better weapons."
[https://i.imgur.com/a08cHeh.png](https://i.imgur.com/a08cHeh.png)
No way it was unironically
"I dont know if the number is still there, but his passer rating was so low that if I came on to the field and spike the ball every single time, I would had a been a better passer than Peterman"
Lol even Tyrod Taylor is better than Peterman
"Couldn’t watch ever play, but from what I saw there were a lot of penalties and catches allowed by Marlon. A lot of contested catches against him, he allowed a TD to Conley and was right there for the James Robinson score. Was it just me or was this a tough day for the man?"
"Wasn't his best, but they targeted him a lot for some reason and their receivers made some really nice catches on good coverage, not a whole lot he can do about that."
Being he didn’t give anything up till we were up by 26 I think he did just fine.
"It was hard to guage with all of the injuries he was moved all over the field. Averett had a few decent plays, Williams is the glaring target for these QBs now"
"My guess is a lot of our safety coverage rolled to the weaker corners today, leaving Hump on an island. He gave up some catches but I didn’t think he played that poorly."
Didn’t look like he allowed much YAC.
"Yes, he did. 

He has had several since coming back from Covid."
"Not only was he surrendering catches, I believe he was flagged twice for PI"
"The Jags receivers made some really sick catches in tight coverage, I give them more credit than I blame Marlon"
"He did fine, the jags receivers just made some incredible catches. Very annoying for him to play it so well only to have it caught in miracle fashion."
[deleted]
A lot of people here were triggered when the conversations about Kyler being better than Lamar started. They are both great athletes and great young QBs.
Please make it into the playoffs. I get 2k if you guys do
"So is Kyler, man. Glad we don’t have to play him next year."
Happy we played y’all last season lmao
""
Ed Reed? That’s the best jersey out there. Have a good Christmas
"That’s dope, merry xmas! I still don’t have a jersey but my mom got me a logo hoodie and I’m glad to add it to my collection!"
""
[removed]
Hope you guys and your families have a good Christmas truzzz
"I shall extend my holiday greetings to Ravens nation by quoting Justin GOAT Tucker:

""Very large truss."""
We kinda need the steelers to win
"Come all ye faithful, come and fuck the Steelers."
"*Set to Handels Messiah “Hallelujah”*


“🎶 Fu-u-uck the Steelers

Fu-u-uck the Steelers

Fuck the Steelers

Fuck the Steelers

Fuck the-e Steel-ers”"
"Bah Humbug to the Squeelers, and fuck the Steelers for the new year."
"Fuck the Steelers with red hot steel pipe,  
Fa la la la, la la Lamar.  
'tis the season to fuck the Steelers,  
Fa la la la, la la Lamar.  
Don we now our Ravens jerseys,  
Fa la la, la la la, la Lamar.  
Troll the ancient fuck the Steelers,  
Fa la la la la, la la Lamar."
Fuck the Steelers
[deleted]
Imagine being this guy.
If you have 2 teams no opinion you have about football matters
""
[deleted]
""
"Damn... Whatever that woman wants, did, or is planning to do, she's got a free pass."
"Wait...”Hollywood” doesn’t start with an M though!  Looks fake. 

Very jealous!"
Jealous!!!
Big Truss!!
I'm glad Marquise was able to sign without dropping it
Sick solid gift
That’s awesome!
I got the same hat. It is so freaking warm. Enjoy your gifts and family. Go Flock!
"That’s really cool!

What is that star in the outline of Maryland supposed to be? If it’s supposed to be Baltimore, I think the placement is off by a little bit lol"
Oh wow! That’s so nice!
Those toques are amazing. Merry Christmas and enjoy!
This is awesome
[deleted]
""
JT kind of looks like a serial killer here
Ravens are the only team whose kicker is featured in every promo and fan art.
Merry Christmas y'all!
"They all have dead eyes. They're all in that uncanny valley.  Especially Tucker, devourer of souls."
""
Ravens Flock
Merry Christmas!!!
Merry Christmas
"THE BUFFALO BILLS!

can choke on a chicken wing, go Ravens! 😈"
I got my first jersey today!!! Happy honda days flock!!!!
"Merry Christmas to you, too. Have a great day, folks."
Merry Christmas!
Got a lamar jersey
""
"That hat though, beauty!"
GOAT!! Great choice! Merry Christmas from the Canadian Ravens!
Your leg strength increases 3x by just wearing that jersey.
hell yeah man.....
Also out here in the U.K. out here repping the flock
""
We used this as a Christmas tree topper last year
Our little QB is growing up so fast. Last year's didn't have the little beard
My girlfriend got me this earlier this year! I have it on my desk. She said they're pretty hard to find nowadays too supposedly. Nice!
I got that for Christmas too but I didn't know they were hard to find and make sure you keep that box and plastic so it keeps the value of the item.
[deleted]
"Got those same masks lol, merry Christmas and lets go birds!"
Whoops auto correct changed flock to flick. Either way happy holidays all around!!!
Merry Christmas Raven nation! I hope you guys have a great Christmas!
""
I'd be using that as a change jar since Lamar is straight money
""
Nice!!!!
where does one purchase this?
"Oh my.. beautiful.
Won't ship to NZ until April but I think I'll still snag one."
"Dope af, *and* it was monogrammed for you too?"
Wow that’s nice
""
He and his brother went to high school in my district and are local legends!
Gotta get in first. Nothing outside of the next two weeks matters and we can't sleep on either team.
"Love the thought, but KC and TEN will be brutal for us.  I like our chances against the rest of the AFC."
Same
"They can run the table, but because they didn’t take care of business a few weeks ago, running the table the rest of the regular season won’t be enough. There needs to be help. Nothing matters besides the next two weeks if they don’t make the playoffs."
""
""
[deleted]
""
There’s just something special about something perfectly made
Ermerhgerd!
Blert means cum where I come from 😂
If you ain’t ordnance...!
Joe Navy out here
Does the original cake creator know how widespread of a meme this has become on this subreddit?
"https://t-shirtat.com/shop/blertimore-foot-birds-portect-home-shirt/

On sale for 10% off!!"
"Gross, that shit carries bad juju"
""
"I have no feelings about Wyatt Davis 

Who is Wyatt Davis"
Love him. Don’t think he’ll be available when we pick at #32.
"I love  Wyatt Davis, however with the emergence of Ben Powers over the last few weeks, I suspect they will take a chance on an iOL later, especially since it's a rather deep draft for that position and then have whoever they draft compete against  Powers ect at training camp."
"He's great, but I'm sold on Powers already. The o-line has really solidified recently and is a major reason for our offensive turnaround.

If we can get Zaven Collins to replace Judon I'd be pumped"
"Love it. Build up that Oline!

If Wyatt Davis is there, draft him. Move Boze to Center where he started during his Alabama days. 

Stanley-Wyatt-Boze-Powers-OBJ 

That’s a hell of a starting 5"
""
My sons park and Rec teams lol
Why are people getting downvoted for sharing their teams?
Washington Capitals. Nothing better than hating another team from Shitsburgh
"**Football** 

* San Lorenzo (also known as The Ravens)
* Arsenal

**Rugby**

* KwaZulu Natal Sharks (Super Rugby team)
* Springboks (South Africa's national rugby team)

**Cricket**

* Proteas  (South Africans national cricket team)"
Sacramento Kings #purplegang
Knicks. Don’t know why. Maybe I just hate happiness
"New York Rangers, New York Giants (fiance is a fan so I watch all the games)"
"Canadian Ravens fan here.
Go Habs Go!"
"Please don’t shoot me but... I like the Kuopio Steelers. Yes, I know, it’s an unfortunate name. But they’re my local football team, even though it’s an amateur team the organization is great and the scouting they do has been phenomenal. They also won the Finnish national championship this year which was really cool as I know many of the players personally (used to play for their 2nd team myself).

Downside? A lot of those people are (Pittsburgh) Steelers fans.

Few times a year I watch hockey but I’m not that enthusiastic about my local team even though it’s fun to go to their games sometimes. Don’t have a favorite NHL team either. If I’d have to pick a team it would be the Finnish national team - also the reigning IIHF World Champions!"
Tottenham Hotspur from the EPL #COYS
Ferrari F1 and loosely the Philadelphia Flyers.
"FC Barcelona, Texas Longhorns, San Antonio Spurs, Dallas Stars, and Oakland Athletics."
"Russell westbrook got me into basketball so I was an OKC Thunder fan for a while, but since he's my guy I'm onto the wizards now lol"
Penn State. My wife went there and my alma mater is in Canada so I never really had a college football team. I do like to root for UMD too though. Tua Jr is fun to watch.
"I follow Ferrari F1, Syracuse Lacrosse, and FC Napoli."
"Carolina Hurricanes,  several lacrosse teams"
"Ottawa Senators (NHL), Ottawa Redblacks (CFL), and Toronto Raptors :P see a trend?"
Soccer - Grêmio from Brazil
West Virginia University football
"I used to follow the OKC thunder, but that's mainly because of Westbrook. But now that he's a Wizard, I might actually have a nba team close by I can support"
Toronto Raptors and Maple Leafs
Falcons and Atlanta Hawks.
Arsenal
Qpr
OKC Thunder
Peru National soccer team... my wife is from there and got me watching the other football.
NBA Spurs!! 🤍🖤🤍🖤🤍🖤
Ironically.. the Pittsburgh Pirates
"MN Wild, Twins, and Gophers football"
"Mainly Liverpool FC in English soccer, with some Caps on the side!"
The Miami Heat!!! Since Hardaway and Mourning.
calgary flames
"Huge Celtics and Red Sox fan. I live in NE and the Sox were instilled in me VERY early, and when I got into basketball the Celtics were an easy choice. No one in my family is a Patriot fans so I never had a reason to follow them."
"Eagles are my NFC team. I fuck with the Sixers and Wizards too (and to a lesser extent, the Knicks)"
"Real Madrid
Liverpool FC

Toronto Raptors"
Boston Celtics. That’s pretty much it
Wolverhampton Wolves! Though it does bother me that their colors are black and white yellow.
im moving to south Pennsylvania so 76ers because Baltimore has no teams
Dallas Mavericks
"Any team Lebrun James is on. 

I loosely follow the sport so I just decided to cheer for the most popular player"
"University of Maryland sports, I go to UMD.  Also I follow the Premier Lacrosse League, the highest level of pro lacrosse.  I follow the World Cup when it's on, something about watching a nation-based competition at the highest level of the most popular sport really entertains me."
""
Huntley next
Nice. I’d love to have a McSorely jersey because I live in PA and need to troll the Steelers fans who are also PSU stans.
"You're missing the real goat Justin Tucker.

Sick jerseys though."
""
"I would enjoy the shit out of that.

Source: I'm a dentist."
[deleted]
Love that logo! Wish they would try it on the helmet
Ooh nice
""
Put some black and purple construction paper behind it and that'll look so dope!
Nice. I have mine hanging on the fridge lol
""
Why did I click on u/MrBigDick83KiK username? Don't make the same mistake I did.
Holy smokes!! OPs dick is huge!! It’s like a Anaconda. No homo
you’re packing
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Merry Christmas! The purple on the old jerseys hits different!
Unreal definitely get it framed. My parents got me a signed Lamar Jackson Louisville Helmet last year. Merry Christmas
🐐🔥
That is Toetally Awesome ;)
The goat.  Congrats
Big big way! Lucky you!
Now get on two knees during the national anthem to complete the fit
"I was wondering when we’re gonna wear our color rush? Maybe this Sunday?

Edit: Can we wear color rush during the playoffs, I don’t think so just wondering?"
We can’t wear them out if we never use them.
I’m begging us to wear it at least once
According to the ravens website we are not wearing our colour rush on sunday
"I imagine this week would be the last time since it's our final home game. I know the feel though, super bummed I didnt get to see Lamar in color rush when I got his color rush jersey before the season started."
""
""
Sick!
Nice I have the same one
Last time we were 9-5 playing the Giants at home week 16 and then the Bengals on the road in week 17...
"Yeah but also we lost to the Bengals that year, can't do that again!"
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"Walmart had a cheap pre-lit black Christmas tree, so I decided to give making a Ravens tree a shot this year. Got black and gold ornaments from Walmart, purple and gold ribbon from Hobby Lobby, and a set of purple lights from Target. Ordered the tree skirt from Fanatics. Probably ran about $100 all together? I’ve had some Ravens ornaments and Poe for a while. Added Poe to the top with a Ravens Santa hat as the topper and I think it looks pretty good 😌"
Looks great 👍
On a whim? This is professional as fuck. 👍
That’s the best Christmas tree I’ve ever seen 👍
"RAVENSFLOCK ALL DAY TODAY FOR CHRISTMAS I GOT A LAMAR JACKSON JERSEY, A LAMAR JACKSON FUNKO POP! AND CUSTOME LAMAR JACKSON AIR JORDAN 1S"
This is awesome
"I want this so bad, its beautiful, it’s a shame that my dad is a Dolphins fan and would never allow this"
This is awesome! Definitely did a great job!
Awesome! I love the poe on top 😊
Love that!
""
Sb>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> (etc) pro bowl
all those yards and only 1 broken tackle. my boy going to the house untouched
What’s his rating now?
Gotta have games in madden like kamara did today
"It is Super Bowl 55 and the ravens are trailing late by 2. We need a big punt return to get back into field goal range. 

Lamar ‘Action’ Jackson is my choice to return that punt..."
i’ll take duvernay. lamar hasn’t ever fielded or practiced fielding an nfl punt
"Silliness, not enough information.  How much time?  Where is line of scrimmage?  Wind a factor?  Who is the punter, is he capable of unusual ball rotation like Sam Koch?  Do they get great hang time?

Fielding a punt is a skill unto itself, not even considering a return.  I would not have Lamar return a punt for the concerns raised above about catching cleanly.  I suspect Lamar himself wouldn’t want to either."
I’ll take mandrews
[deleted]
"Elliott is a good player. Is he the best safety in the league? No

But Elliott on a rookie deal >>>>>>>>>> Logan Ryan for 10 or 12m a year or whatever they gave him 

Our money is much better spent elsewhere"
Can’t contribute much to this discussion other than to say have you seen his speed rating in madden?!?! I mean I’m running a go route with whoever he lines up against.
"It’s hard to spend too much money on the safety position unless they are a true game breaker like jamaal Adams, Ed reed, Troy polamalu etc.  we are still paying out the ass for earl."
"Alright, this is a long one.

If the saints and Seahawks lose this week, the packers will have already clinched the one seed before their game against the titans, meaning they have nothing to play for.

If the Titans win, they go into week 17 a game within the Bills, meaning the Bills will have to beat the Dolphins to get the 2 seed."
AK had other plans 😂
"Fuck it, VIKINGS TO THE MOON 🚀🚀🚀"
I like it
""
Lord that’s a lot of questionables
""
"I too, will soon be a ravens fan in steeler territory 

Happy holidays"
"Huh, who knew Jack Black was a Ravens fan!"
[New Jersey?](https://cdn.britannica.com/00/3000-050-C1BC47A4/New-Jersey-map-MAP-locator-boundaries-cities.jpg)
I love in the Poconos PA and rep my Ravens gear everyday. There's a steelers bar not too far from my house that I've always wanted to go watch a ravens steelers game at
It’s funny how odd the number looks reversed
Fuuuuccckk the steelers!!! Nice jersey.
I have family up in the Burgh too and every year someone burns their Ravens flag in their yard.  Every year I buy them another one for Christmas.  Be careful!
Married to a Steelers fan here. I feel your pain. Nice jersey!
The flock has got your back my friend
"*EXTRA FUCK* SHITSBURG, **GO FLOCK!!!**"
"Oh, a new jersey, not to be confused with my motherland, New Jersey."
"Lookin Tuff, my guy."
Word is they're rapin errybody out there
I got the same one! Great get. Wear with pride.
Omg bro I hope you got your yinzer vaccine before visiting
"Let them know my dude, Bmore is about beards and whipping bitch ass."
"Hell yeah bro, that jersey is awesome! I just got one too!!"
Noice
Stunt on those hoes
""
Niceeeee i got that same jersey and always have it ready for gameday
I'm fucking jelly. I'm holding out on buying my Marlon jersey but in white.... I've been waiting for a year & a half.
"At this point in there careers, who has had the better performance? This was honestly a point of big contention back when we drafted Stanley but I have not seen much discussion on it since!"
"There is no discussion, Stanley is objectively better, period"
Stanley is miles better and Huston shelled out way too much per usual
One has been first team All-Pro and probably would've made it again this year if not for injury and the other hasn't.
"“There is no such thing as a stupid question”

Yeah nevermind..."
This question should get you banned from the sub it’s so stupid it’s almost trolling
"Playing devil's advocate, Stanley is blocking for the most elusive QB in the NFL. That's probably going to scratch a sack or two off the ledger."
[deleted]
Fuck no.
"With this Ravens team, and I don't say this lightly, I'd move Tucker for DHop. If the money works, this gives Lamar his any scenario target. Dude pulled down a TD triple covered the same week (ish) the Steelers DB (Fitz?) hit Snead too early in the end zone for a drop. We'll stress during 50+ yard FGs again, but might not have to kick them in the first place.

That was tough to type. I love Tucker. A lot."
"Tucker is forever.
Trade someone else for Hopkins.
But I really have a feeling that Bryant might become or is the wr we've been waiting for
Sometimes all you need is another chance and hunger."
Yes even though I'd miss ticker like a mf. We hardly use em like we used too and probably will need a K less with Hopkins
No.
"Do you want a realistic or a fun answer? The realistic answer is hell no. We could never afford DHop, BoB got so little for him because only a team on an early rookie QB deal could afford him (and because BoB is a moron). The fun answer is, well still no. Having a receiver like DHop would be insane but you have to ask yourself- we are run heavy team so would you rather have a top 3 receiver or the GOAT kicker? Not to mention back to the realistic answer, he is so expensive and we are a run heavy team so we have to prioritize the backs and OL over receivers.

Edit: I guess I could revise the realistic answer and add that he is affordable for 2020 and 2021 (7M and 13M) but then in 22,23,24 he makes 25M+ and that would never really work with Lamar, Ronnie, Marlon alone. So if we could trade him and essentially “rent” him for 2 seasons then sure why not, but the. Again you traded the 🐐 for 2 seasons so fuck that."
"I JUST GOT THESE FOR CHRISTMAS TODAY!!

https://preview.redd.it/6ow7wc7ypf761.jpg?width=1280&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2f33e6d18f893b71c35c64ee59d134e7b4832850"
🟪⬛️🟪⬛️🟪⬛️🟪⬛️
""
Blertimore somehow got more mutilated
Not sure if you nailed it or not.
The cookie blertimore looks more blertimore than the actual blertimore logo
can someone explain the origin of Blertimore foot birds lol
Now somebody please make the Blertimore cookie into a t shirt
so close
""
Big Truuuust...
This is super cool
"My fiancé got me this framed blue print of M&T Bank stadium. We live just outside of Philly (she’s an eagles fan but we cheer for each other’s teams when not playing against each other) but usually make a trip down each year for a game. We always have a blast in Baltimore and love hanging out at the bars on our weekend trips. Here’s to hoping 2021 can go back to normal so we can come down for a visit.

I’m looking forward to hanging this up in the man cave"
""
"Fellow upstate NY Ravens fan here, that’s dope as fuck bro!"
That *is* pretty cool. I always wondered if these things were as cool as advertised. I figured they would never look anything like the images.
Thats sick.
Easily the best Bengals or Bengals-fan related story I’ve ever witnessed.
This is so cool
Downstate NY (Brooklyn) fan checking in - this is awesome!!
Your wife rocks
[deleted]
""
The 55 is definitely Suggs’ signature. So congrats on that
My guess is 2009.
#91 might be Brandon Mckinney?
Christopher Ezeala for 30?
2008 training camp. Have a couple of these as well!
""
Imagine Jimmy's career stats if he hadn't had these damn injuries.....
I hope ricards better I just got his jersey
Zrebiec*
"Jimmy Smith is out?

Wow that *never* happens. /s"
A healthy Jimmy Smith and Tavon Young* would be so great for this season but alas
We need peters and jimmy next week to get reps before the playoffs. This week to week isn’t comforting.
"Kinda sad Marcus Peters prob gonna miss 2 games due to a leg injury from the last play of the browns game which coulda been avoided if Lamar had waited a few more seconds to spike the ball before the field goal

Edit: You can downvote me all you want but the tape is still going to show him going down on that final play and not getting up even though the play was still going on.

Edit2: I'm not allowed to be sad that a player likely got injured on a play that never should have happened?"
""
""
I would never actually hit those golf balls as they would be lost immediately lol
That Lamar painting is so tough
Oh my aunt would have loved those golf things
""
Praise be Llamah
"Blessed be the fruit *(punch)*

May the Lord *(get WRs)* open"
[deleted]
""
This is dope af
"Awww, if we were to go all the way, I hope it's dedicated to him."
Goated
This is the way
Awesome thought went into that. More people need to know about what and who he was.
That legit just made a tear well up in my eye. You've got yourself a great guy
Now i want one..🔥🔥🔥
🙏🏼
""
In Mariota we trust😤
Let's go Raiders!!!!
"""Oh, I'm afraid our quarterback will be quite operational when the Dolphins arrive...”"
What happens if Raiders lose? Are we out? Or just gonna have a hard time getting in?
Josh Jacobs is going for 3 TD and Waller is going to help his former team by having a huuuuge day. Raiders 34-30. TRUZZZZ
[deleted]
"And Poe said, ""Nevermore."""
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kkgcag)"
Voted Lamar but you forgot Justin Tucker which would have been my answer
Mo Gaba
"If I could get a pep talk from Ray Lewis before every game I played, I'd be unbeatable"
Lamar is my favorite player but I think Humphrey would be easier to talk to
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kkgs2i)"
If Ingram was here it would be him
"Have met Tuck. Cool as hell. 

Lamar first then would love to meet Ingram"
245 votes and not a single one for marquise brown lol
Tucker. Seems like a pretty cool and also wild dude
"Lamar, Marlo, BWill"
"Todd Heap.

Because he's Todd Heap."
"Voted Humphrey as he would be the pick from the options listed, but my top choice would be either Ingram or Brandon Williams"
Current player? Lamar no question  but Ray Lewis' insane skill basically made me diehard ravens. Just his passion and ability to pump up the defensive side which is sometimes hard to do was amazing. He was like having a QB on your defense which only certain great D players can do
Where is dobbins tho
When is cash vs friga 1v1 happening tho
I love the disrespect on judon and brown lol
Justin Tucker so I could hear his beautiful voice. I’m not gay I swear
"I met Justin Tucker at the NFL Draft last year. He was with his wife and was very chill. To answer the question, I’d like to meet Lamar or Humph."
"Would like to meet Brown so I could ask him to please stop dropping passes, but it would be awkward after that, so I voted for someone else."
"Met Jacoby in L.A. last year. Not current roster but still cool. Also have met J.O. a couple of times. Super nice guy, seems to always be hanging out with his family which is great. Marlo seems like he’s be a cool guy to run into."
"On this list? Tucker.

Ravens roster? Tucker.

Ever? Reed."
"I’ve met Tuck at the rams game last year said hello and chopped it up a bit. 

Gotta be a tie between Marlo and Jackson"
"Got to be Flacco, for the personality."
Souljas unite!
i actually met lamar lol his favorite game is madden this was during the 2019 draft party
"Legit told the family that all I want for Christmas is the following:

-Losses by the dolphins, colts and/or browns 
-wins by the ravens in weeks 16 & 17 .... and then the weeks to follow

I’m not asking for much am I ?!?! Anyway hope everyone had a great Christmas"
"I only want Phins and Browns to lose

That way Ravens (assuming wins) get in, the Steelers continue to implode but still win the AFCN so we can have a revenge match in the playoffs"
""
"Of all players they could put on there, why a solo of Chykie?"
Whatever you do don’t click on this mans profile 😂
"Chrimmy.

Haven’t heard that in ages."
Family > sports
Ya know...if you ever want to get rid of it.. lol
What the hell is chrimmy? Some pagan Holiday?
"This bothers me probably more than it should, but it doesn’t list ‘SF’ in front of David Akers second FG as the half expired."
Not a corner but how about Matt Elam the safety from Florida we drafted in the first round absolute bust
"No such thing as treating a steelers fan too harshly. The human being part of the steelers fan, on the other hand, still has potential to be a good person and should be treated as such.

If you're like me and live in an area with people who are fans of all different teams, you'll go insane if you can't or aren't willing to differentiate the human from the sports fan"
ravens legend chykie brown. good choice
There’s always a diamond in a lake of shit.
I’ll take it
"This is cool. 

But still FTS."
Your aunt is trying to tell you to be a ravens fan
Wow! Brutal
"I read this as OP being a Steelers fan, and their Aunt was trolling them."
"No, fuck the Steelers"
Thanks. I hate it.
"I hereby give you authorization to burn it.  As a Ravens fan, I love the pictures, but knowing you are a Steelers fan makes me realize this must appear vial.

Edit Sorry, miss read the post"
""
Great haul. You have a spectacular caring fam.
That's tough af
an autographed GOAT Reed jersey??? IM JEALOUS!
😦😦😦 how did they get this
Is your family looking to adopt by any chance
WOW! Your fam must REALLY love you! That's incredible!
Yooooo that panini Hollywood card is niiiiice. I wanna get into buying some but the boxes are like $1000.
""
LOOK AT THEM TOEEEEEESSSSSSSSSS
Merry Christmas indeed! That's THE perfect gift.
""
Man those are sweet
I got kicked out lol
Damn excellent socks.
"Pretty dope, I’ll trade you my new paint brushes for them"
"Well merry Christmas and happy new year!
Dont feel bad they are the best socks"
"I got hundreds of things, but this beats all that easily. Strong socks!"
Those are excellent socks
"Those are fucking sick. I need some myself for game days when we sock it to em


I'll see myself out"
"I found that pillow (under the socks) in a department store years ago. The fringe was purple, gold and black so I bought them, over the objections of my fiancée. I mean, black pillows go with everything, right? Anyway, the lady behind us in the checkout line, said ""I love those pillows."" I said 'thank you' with a very contented smile, and I've leaned on those pillows during every Ravens game since."
That’s because nobody loves you
""
I want a playoff game Ed!
Imagine getting a football for Christmas and then you see Eddie Claus intercept it
Lol I love this man!
"He’s more the grinch, cuz he takes everyones presents (footballs)"
I wish it was him in that Subway commercial lol
""
I think we’ll win but I’m not underestimating this match up at all.
The Ravens lead the league in forced fumbles and Jones leads the league in fumbling.
He might die
Time to find out if he fixed his fumbling issue
"This is actually better for the Ravens IMO.  

Jones is a sitting duck without his mobility, which I doubt he will have after just returning. Combine that with his fumbling issues and the defense could feast if they play a good game.

Edit. He's returning from an ankle and hamstring injury, it will be cold, and he has 14 turnovers on the season.  He was questionable to start to begin with, so I doubt he is 100% no matter what they say."
Good!
"This is good news. Colt at leasts protects the football so if our Offense was having trouble moving the ball they would have a chance.

Jones is loose with the ball and still injured to the extent where he won't have his full mobility so our pass rush will eat him alive."
[deleted]
You needed an editor before this one fam
""
"I’m from Melrose, Mass. originally and I send you the formal but genuine greeting of Fuck the Pats"
Same here brother. Providence RI!
PLUS Fuck the Steelers
Bro where’d you get that hat i NEED it
"We vacation in Onset Massachusetts every summer.

We have family in the Cape area."
International TRUSSSSS
Another CT Ravens fan??
Beanie is super dope. I bought those masks when they first dropped and they are TINY. Never wore them =[
"Make sure to wash those masks beforehand, they have a heavy chemical smell in them. I had to wash mine twice before it went away fully."
Ayy same here Seacoast NH
Do we need to still win out or can the ravens still lose either to the giants or cincy? Or we need a win against cincy no matter what?
"If the Dolphins lose today, the Ravens will clinch a playoff berth with a Week 17 victory over the Bengals, regardless of what happens tomorrow. Here’s why;

-Conference tiebreakers is conference record, Ravens-Giants does not effect Baltimore’s conference record. Dolphins last two games do.

-in the scenario that the Ravens win Week 17 against the bengals and lose to the giants, and the dolphins go 1-1 in their final 2 games, Baltimore wins the tie breaker. Their conference record would be tied at 7-5, which pushes the tiebreaker to strength of victory, which Baltimore wins over Miami. If the Ravens and dolphins both go 10-6, but the Ravens loss is to the Bengals instead of the Giants, Miami wins the tiebreaker"
"If the dolphins lose we 100% control our own destiny - win the last 2, and we’re in

There are still scenarios where we can lose 1 more and get in, I think, but we would need a ton of help"
Hell naw lol we have to win out to
The ravens can lose to the Giants and have the tie breaker if the Dolphins lose either of there last two.
"If we lose to the Giants or Bengals, we dont belong in the playoffs. It'll be another 1 & done for the 3rd straight year..🤮"
We don’t lose
Can someone just put a sticky post that describes all of our playoff scenarios?
[deleted]
"Shit, the biggest fuck up of this season was losing to the Patriots followed closely by blowing the lead against the Titans. Shouldn't even be in this position."
""
Pathetic. Imagine being that scared of a rival 😂
Lmao these dudes are P A T H E T I C
Pls win Raiders
"anybody can beat them in the playoffs, incl. the Browns. they'll be one-and-done"
 “so be it” LMAO
"Sometimes I watch the ""Let's Go Browns"" clip if I'm feeling a little sad.  CHEERS ME RIGHT UP!"
That person also asked not to be downvoted. Safe to say they're 10-ply.
"Imagine watching sports for spite and not entertainment. That poster is basically saying they are fine with the Steelers not winning the division and having a tougher playoff road than the Ravens making it period. And the Ravens could even miss it if the Steelers do win the division. That’s a very, very minor opinion among fans (have to imagine 99/100 Pitt fans want the North title) but says a lot about that individual poster. Like, I wouldn’t want to know them irl if they are that much of a spiteful person."
"I mean if you think about how many Steelers fans are fairweather bandwagoners, it makes sense how much they love the Browns"
"As if they'll fare any better against any other playoff opponent. Yeah we can beat them, but most other teams in the playoff can as well. I mean....see exhibit A: Bengals game.."
They know we’d trash them in the playoffs after our JV squad almost beat them
"I imagine most teams would rather not meet the Ravens in the playoffs.

Contrary to what they might say, PIT and CLE probably don’t feel too confident about matching up with us if we’ve got our starting DBs and defensive line."
They’re just saying that bc their team is being exposed as frauds and they want to excuse the poor play by saying they’re actually happy about it.
Id expect a comment like this to be downvoted to hell but  there’s people who actually agree with this. So fucking pathetic
I got ravens fans mad at me for saying ‘I’m not going to cheer for the Steelers like the Steelers fans cheered “let’s go browns”. Go bills
Imagine they lose the division and we still make the playoffs
what a bunch of losers
Between them bitching and moaning about having to play 3 games in 2 weeks and them going from “We’Re gOiNg 16-o” to “I hope we lose out so Ravens don’t make the playoffs” I have never despised a fanbase as much as those losers. Fuck them and fuck their franchise
That's when you know they know we're better than them. I feel like every team in AFC knows that we are a potential threat in the playoffs so they'll do our best to make us miss it.
"These dumb fucks don't even realize that we can get in without them losing out, we only need Miami or Indianapolis to lose one, or Tennessee to lose 2"
"As much as I despise them and will never to forget shame them for 30th December. 

I can totally agree with this sentiment,  win or lose they are in the playoffs. And anything to crush your hated rivals dreams."
It’s smart because they know we’d wreck them in the playoffs
"""I was the only one. I was the only one that could get him to debase himself like that."""
Honesty if I were them the last thing I would want to play is a hot division wildcard rival as well. Even if that means dropping a few games lol
"They know we can still make the playoffs if they win out, right?"
"I mean, it's from the unpopular opinion thread...

I know we like caring about other teams and their fans far more than we care about our own team on this sub for some reason but this is a stretch even by those awful standards."
"Wow, I can't believe there are so many clueless arrogant posts here that think this has anything to do with not wanting to play the Ravens in the playoffs. Honestly, this is exactly why the division RIVALS would be perfectly fine with the wildcard instead of the division if it means the Ravens don't get in. 

The arrogance in this thread is astounding when nobody even can reason that it's the obvious dislike of your rival team. When you're the 8th place team, and all over ""we're too good for anyone to want to play"", it pretty much reinforces why those posts are there. As crazy as they are."
"The Titans losing twice and us winning out is another scenario that can get us into the postseason. But, if the Steelers continue to reel and lose to the Colts, a Titans win would benefit us. Assuming the Bills take care of business against the Patriots, this would force them to play their starters Week 17 against Miami since the Titans have the tiebreaker over Buffalo. That would help us since all we need is Miami to lose once."
"I'll root for the auto-in scenario. Lets just get ourselves more or less locked in before we start worrying about things like this.

...though, as we found out last year, sitting starters in week 17 isn't really a recipe for success, so this situation probably wouldn't help us anyway."
We always want them to lose
"So as far as I read:

According to fivethirtyeight our percentage to make the post season with a Titans loss only goes up 1 percent.

Our most efficient and most impactful game is the raiders vs dolphins.

If the dolphins lose I believe we are a 97% chance of making the post season 

Of course assuming we take care of business against the giants."
https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/kjn3zd/this_should_stop_us_from_reposting_the_same/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
"We want them to win, so the bills have to beat the dolphins to get the 2 seed.

Now if they lose, we root for the Texans week 17 (but they never help us)."
""
Lol I bought my brother that same raven wooden thing in the bottom left
[deleted]
"Luke to mando: ""You know what I like about this Grogu kid? He's a real grinder you know?"""
so you're saying they come and grab the most talented force sensitive youngling on the team (Lamar) so they can train him?
""
Fuck. Where can I get this.
"I have this shirt! It’s my favorite. Will be wearing tomorrow because I think all of my jerseys are cursed, lol."
""
It looks like the Colts will be missing both starting tackles going into the game against Pittsburgh this week. Let's hope for a Dolphins/Colts/Browns loss
So raiders it is... cmon Raiders
Alright TJ Watt time to show me why you're supposedly the best edge in the league
I think Holden could get the start.
"I feel so dirty, wanting the Steelers to beat them. 

If the Raiders take care of business tonight I can go back to rooting against them."
"In other relevant news, it appears Derek Carr will be returning for the Raiders (that's good) and Daniel Jones will be returning to play the Ravens tomorrow (that's bad?)"
It’s going to be soooooo hard rooting for Pitt
[deleted]
Saskatoon Beavertails WIN or TIE **AND** Mauna Kea Grassskirts WIN or TIE
""
Cats?
I'd wear that.
Love it!
Home made?
Santa plays for KC now?
Great one
Awesome! Only thing I wish is that Santa’s ankles were broken here too haha
""
[deleted]
Who said he wasn’t playing?
""
Carr lookin like a Bond villain out here
"I'll never forget being the 1 win in the Dolphins' 2007 1-15 season and how humiliating it was. It's why I don't feel bad about shitting on them in almost every matchup since.

Fuck the Dolphins! Go Raiders.

Edit: Also a fellow commenter reminded me of the Kiko Alonso thing. DOUBLE fuck the Dolphins for that shit."
Is it just me or does Derek Carr always look like he’s wearing eye liner?
The UndertaCarr
Dude looks like he found the guy who keyed his car in the Costco parking lot and is ready to rumble his ass
"I'm still rooting for the ""Browns miss the playoffs"" scenario tbh, though it could end with us getting screwed out I think 

> Week 16
> 
> Colts beat Steelers
> 
> Browns beat Jets
> 
> Dolphins beat Raiders
> 
> Ravens beat Giants
> 
> Week 17
> 
> Colts beat Jaguars
> 
> Titans beat Texans
> 
> Ravens beat Bengals
> 
> Dolphins beat Bills 
> 
> If all of this happens, that would leave the Titans, Ravens and Dolphins with an 11-5 record. In that situation, the Browns would go into their game with the Steelers (provided it's flexed into Sunday night) knowing that if they win, they would get into the playoffs as the AFC North champion. However, if they were to lose, they would MISS THE PLAYOFFS with an 11-5 record because the wild card spots would go to Tennessee, Baltimore and Miami.

https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/browns-could-face-do-or-die-playoff-scenario-against-steelers-in-week-17-with-division-title-on-the-line/"
"Fucking Raiders can eat a dick.

&#x200B;

FUCK!!!!!!"
Is Carr starting or will it be Mariotta?
Looka like the guy from Banshee
"We may hate Browns fans, and Browns fans hate us, but we can at least agree on one thing

FUCK THE DOLPHINS"
I’ll buy a #4 Raiders jersey tomorrow if it means not having to root for the Steelers 100% hold me to it
They suck so bad.
How did we let Waller get away from us 😒
The raiders are Absolute f'n morons
raiders are terrible....had that damn game
Yes please
This motherfucker deserves a seat at Weenie Hut Jrs
Freaking raiders...man they suck...
is he playing or is mariota? haven’t been following the situation for them much
"Carr against a top d that can stop the run, and he's injured so pressure will be worse while he's forced to pass for the majority of the game, I feel sorry for you Ravens' fans...

Unless tua throws a few picks, or the phins can't stop the run, which seems unlikely, this one is going to become ugly faster than an office christmas party with an open bar."
IM THE SON OF RAGE AND LOVE
*I WANT TO SEE A CIRCLE PIT*
Come in Raiders! This game is driving me to drink. Lol
Assuming his crotch stays in place
No hate but y'all really need to stop using this meme haha
[removed]
[removed]
""
"Thanks for sharing, that was a great analysis and I definitely subbed to that channel"
"Him, Queen, and Dobbins have been playing so well recently."
That no call on the hold really sums up the refereeing towards us this year
"Oooh, I would love to see him continue to develop."
He might already be our best interior rusher since Ngata
""
Probably for the best that there isn't a Browns flavored year.
These are awesome! Link?
Nice score
Or does it not effect us at all
Doesn’t matter at all afaik
"NFC teams, makes no difference"
NFC side doesn't affect us at all.
"Literally doesn’t affect us 💀

But I like Murray, DHop, and Larry so I’m rooting for the Cards"
""
Bollywood
[deleted]
"A group of Browns wide receivers have been deemed High-Risk-Close-Contacts and Cleveland is awaiting word as to how many will not be able to travel to New York for Sunday’s game vs. Jets, sources tell @mortreport and me. Game is on but Browns likely without WRs and possibly a TE.

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
"It was the line. They're playing better right now, but we still need to beef it up this off-season."
Good dog
I miss Marshal Yanda.
I like the dog
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
Any chance the browns lose 🤞🤞
God is real
No homegirls left
"It's their top 3 WRs. 

The most unlucky shit. Why they all hanging out with a LB? lol"
J E T S JETS JETS JETS
They only have 1 active WR right now and I’ve never heard of him
Excellent...
"If it weren’t the Jets... well, anyway, go Jets."
Jets getting back to back Ws
"Million dollar fine, loss of three rounds of draft picks."
Browns should handle business with or without them. This doesn’t do anything for us because the browns aren’t as stupid as the rams to lose to the jets. I did hear that almost the whole Colts O line might be out doe 👀👀👀 hope The Steelers wreck them tomorrow we need all the help we can get starting tonight if everyone that has to lose wins tonight and tomorrow. I think we can kiss playoffs goodbye this year boys
"Keep it classy, they're still human. Hope this is precautionary and they're all okay."
""
"Sucks man. Hopefully they don’t have it

If it’s too many, which seems like it’s their whole wr room, I wonder if they can postpone til Tuesday"
"Hopefully jets pull off an upset. Probably asking for to much right there

Hope they get better doe"
I hope they don’t test positive but I have no sympathy for them at all they their fans keep talking shit about us.
Peters plan is playing out just as he envisioned
And the plot thickens
Well in my Pick Em Pool I think I should switch my pick to the Jets. You guys think that’s a smart idea.
"Hope they don’t have it. We def fucked up and that’s on us, but we’re def not the only team that’s had outbreaks. 

This is bigger than football. It was never safe, we shouldn’t have had a season. But we all know the NFL only cares about money. 

The NFL & not caring about player safety, name a more iconic duo."
Fuck u brownies
Womp womp. They talked so much shit. Next up: Covid was started by Art Modell
4 players aint nothing we had 20+ 😂
"Who gives a fuck, we swept those bitches."
"Those Browns fans crying about the Ravens can get fucked. Worst fans in the league, by far."
I know right they can’t even compare to what we went threw no other team can really
It’s almost like an outbreak can happen to any team and every organization probably has some people who are violating covid protocols.
The amount of purposefully obtuse numbskulls on r/nfl hurts my brain
A better comparison would be to the situation before the colts game.
I don't understand all the claims the NFL delayed the Steelers Thanksgiving game so the Ravens could get their starters back but the NFL won't give preferential treatment to anyone else. The Ravens had to call up practice squad players to field a 36 player team. Not sure how that was an advantage.
[removed]
If Browns miss playoffs and Ravens make it because of this then it just shows how rigged the nfl is.   THE nfl has an emergency 18th week they could implement.   Really that extra week off for many teams would be a blessing.   The Patriots got their game pushed with two players with covid.   Why wouldn't Browns get same treatment.
Coach em up Gruden!
We need him to put the dolphins through the Gruden Grinder
DA RAIDAAAAAAS
7-0 Raiders - keep it going boys! Besides - Darren owes us for wasted time in Baltimore.
Hahahaha
They blew it ! Oh man
Raiders fuckin suck..
Pain
"Waller is going to come through for the Ravens, one last time."
""
Browns: Art Modell did it
time to hear about the nfl giving us every red carpet on the planet cause they dont understand having half the team test positive over the course of multiple consecutive days leading up to the games pushed back isnt the same as 1 or 2 cases and a shit load of close contact NEGATIVES
"They didn’t push back our game when Humphrey caught it.

Only one brown has it and the rest are close contacts."
I’m convinced Browns fans are now brain dead after so many years of consistent failure
"Browns fans: COVID forced us to pick Johnny Manziel and Justin Gilbert in the best first round of the decade, and it made us go 0-16! It probably caused the Ravens to sweep us too. The NFL protocols are a joke and Art Modell did this somehow"
Glad we found a great replacement tho
Historically this team has always had top tier FBs
"I don't. Id take Ricard by a country mile. Plus, last year, juice threw sideways shade at the Ravens about how glad he was out. So fuck him, how great is it there now, juice? I'd rather have Boldin back than anyone who went over there"
Yeah he’s looking good tonight
[removed]
""
Fart in it before you give it to them
I didn’t see the wrapping paper at first. I was going to demand this be removed 😂
My husband is a Steelers fan and causes me extreme pain to have to spend money on their merchandise for him. And then of course all my Facebook ads and whatnot are for Steelers stuff.
[deleted]
""
what a logical take. couldn’t have said it any better myself. kudos to that commenter.
"A Titans fan with the username ""my yummy ass"" dishes out the most logical take on a black mobile QB? I'm so conflicted rn..."
"I’ll never understand why people seem to disregard QB rushing yards and TDs. It’s not like those TDs count for less points so why do so many people disregard them? Josh Allen has 25 rushing TDs in his first 3 seasons. Lamar has 19. Kyler Murray has 15 in 2 seasons. That’s a lot of scoring from these guys with just their legs. Hell, Cam Newton has more rushing TDs than most of the RBs that ever played in the NFL. 

Lamar has 3,500 total yards and 30 total TDs in 14 games this year. Who cares if they came through the air or on the ground?? I’ll take those numbers any day."
"Exactly. Which is why Lamar having 4 of the top 10 QBR games is absolutely impressive. Is QBR biased towards running QBs? Yeah, it is, and? What matters is that they make the play, extend the drive and score touchdowns. Lamar wins games, why discredit him for using his legs? As we've seen, it's not like every other QB can lead a Lamar Jackson drive. It would be just as dumb for Lamar not to run as it would be for Drew Brees to start having designed scrambles. Each QB uses their strengths to lead the offense"
Last October I was arguing with a Steelers fan in real life who said that Lamar wasn't really that good because he depended on his ground game. How fucking stupid can you be?
u/myyummyass you’re welcome here anytime
The comment that led to this statement has been the stereotype of black QBs for literal generations. Some things dont change.
A fan of renaissance italian painting. You don't get a lot of those in football discussions.
Wow. There are 600+ languages in this world and my man choose to speak facts.
"I think a lot of fans are coming to realize that Lamar is an elite QB and just because his style is very different from Mahomes’ and Rodgers’, he can still produce the same result on the scoreboard where it counts the most.

I’d say the extremely vocal minority against Lamar fall into one of a few categories, or a mixture of these:

1. Trolls

2. People who don’t want to admit they were wrong

3. Racists

Anyone who’s watched Lamar play more than a game or two this season knows what he is capable of and how he usually plays. The only really bad game of his I can point to since 2019 is this year vs the Chiefs, and even then it felt more like a team failure than only Lamar’s. Dude’s a straight-up winner and I’m proud af to have him QB the Ravens."
u/myyummyass we appreciate you 😘
Thanks for the love everyone. I love Lamar and love seeing him prove all of the haters wrong. Whatever team Lamar is on will always be my second team.
"I was talking about this with someone recently that with Lamar people forget the position isn't called ""thrower"" and they disregard all the other facets of being an effective QB. It's odd though because when someone talks about a middle linebacker or safety as ""the quarterback of the defence"" everyone intuitively knows that has nothing to do with throwing the ball. Everyone knows that refers to lining guys up, making the play calls, elevating the play of the guys around them, commanding the defence, and preventing points from being scored. Yet, when talking about an actual quarterback, especially Lamar, all those other important factors are disregarded and the focus goes solely to passing stats. It's not only unfair to Lamar, but also pretty much misses the entire goal of an offence and QB (execute the play calls, control the clock, score points, and win games regardless if on the ground or through the air)."
irrefutably based!
"Taking a “shot in the dark”, the Titans had Steve McNair.  Oops Bitches😿🤭🤫🖕🏽"
"Been saying this for awhile.

It's no different than including receiving yards for a running back, which everyone does."
My Yummy Ass gets it
"I’m a fan of Titian’s earlier works, but his turn late in his career baffles me. 

(Ok, I know nothing about art. But I like pointing out spelling mistakes in the most asshole way possible.)"
Exactly. Do you think other teams are only preparing for Lamar's run game? No. They try to prepare for both the run and pass. His passing game is just as dangerous and people saying he can only run are being ignorant.
"Yeah it’s like everyone wants to define a good game on passing yards, that’s so 2000s the position is changing look at the new rookies even burrow can run"
"I've ran into this mentality on this very sub. People say ""QBR is flawed so I like passer rating""


Sure, QBR is flawed but the issue when lamar is in the conversation is that passer rating doesn't really reflect how important he is to our offense"
"As a ravens fan im not saying he is number 1 of course mahomes is better. In not saying he's number 2, Rodgers or Wilson could take that spot. Now for those saying he's not even top 10 just blows my mind."
"Yeah, people are just used to the tom brady, aaron rodgers style of play."
"Yeah it’s crazy people like Tua, who basically one timer / alley oops the snap to his RB or WR and goes like 16/20 and 90  passing yards but don’t like a QB who actually scores like Lamar."
"I think what makes Lamar good is that he makes the run offense so much better and his ability to extend the play, imo he's just an average thrower but whatever works for him is great, I love watching him play"
Next comment is outraged anyone is talking about a player besides Mahomes
"Joe Banner Eagles ex-GM stated that a balanced performance in run n pass game was the ideal for the west coast offense.  It puts tremendous pressure on the defense at every level.  

For a long time blacks had limited access to QB camps, they had to play the position with their legs.  As QB development programs became more accessible producing a Lamar Jackson and Patrick Mahomes was inevitable.  

An offense that has 250 passing n 250 running how do you defend?  Keeping the D playing straight up or 11 on 11 is advantage for Offense."
/r/rimjobsteve
Thumbtacks talking shit? No way...
Damn what a great take.
"Nailed it! Only thing I'll add is that it's important that an offense be able to adapt to the defense. The Giants are the Giants, but their run defense is ranked 6th in the league. I personally thought Jackson did a great job of adapting to this. He threw when he needed to throw and ran when he needed to run. This season may not have been explosive like last year, but I do think we're a team better ready for post season than we were. Jackson has shown great growth this year and I'm excited for his future"
Correct. “My yummy ass” is a wise man!
uh thank you random titans fan
Anybody ever tried peanut butter on a yummy ass?
"A big reason Lamar doesn't have the yards is that he's often better off scramble when most QBs would go for a checkdown or dumpoff. Why add another failure point to pass to a player who, let's be honest, probably isn't as good a runner as Lamar?  


Lamar could bump his passing numbers up if he checked down more, and he'd be worse for it."
"What I always say is that Lamar is the quarterback of two offences, both the rushing and passing offence. 

No other QB in the league, perhaps even league history, can say that. 

Im not saying we wouldn’t have have a good rushing offence without Lamar, our o-line is especially good as run-blockers and Edwards and Dobbins are legit talents. But Lamar takes it from being fringe top 5 to being *far and away* the best rushing offence in the league."
The only thing I'd add is that if you're going to add rushing yards you should also add fumbles and discuss total yards and total turnovers
I will say one thing about Lamar tho. I am not a fan of his hair lol
""
On point analysis
""
"Podcast with u/edromeo on the Ravens offense vs Giants, including:

* OL grades/details
* Review of Lamar's play
* New scheme elements on display
* Buck Allen's impending return (not)"
Did Ken just buck reddit? :)
Best Ravens Pod out there.
""
"He sure looks a lot like Ray Rice in that 27 jersey, general build, and production.  Lots of good tough RBs came out of this year's draft."
"Suddenly this is on every thread. We, the fanbase, perpetually latch on to half-baked ideas and convince ourselves that they’re a home run. Now that the offense is clicking, is this our new stupid gripe? 

Also, does anyone who actually knows what they’re talking about want to weigh in? I’m positive most of these people are just parroting one guy who said “Hollywood is better out of the slot, he’s too weak to play outside”, which is a rule that I have never heard. Even if his production has been better from the slot, smart folks, is this idea nonsense?"
"I believe the slot position is a critical blocking position in Roman’s offense. Having Hollywood in the slot may be a tell that a pass is coming. On obvious passing downs, it may make sense to put him in the slot."
"Slot or Z. 

Just don't line him up on the LoS as the X.

Part of the reason he spends so much time outside probably has something to do with the fact that Snead blows everywhere except the slot."
"It’s not a bad idea unless the “work over the middle on crossers” part is presented. Hollywood actively avoids contact if possible, which is fine, but that’s part of working the middle of the field. His hands on short passes have also been inconsistent. 

The scheme needs to add more rub routes or something that clears out space for him. Otherwise he’s pretty much just a deep threat."
"Dude avoids contact because he is tiny and knows he can't take contact. That shit might work in college, but have you seen the abuse that our receivers take over the middle? It's a horrible, stupid, ridiculously dumb idea.

He can still run crossing routes from the outside."
This idea stems from the belief that the slot WR is just the “fastest” WR.
"Hollywood should play wherever helps us get the most out of our offense. If that's in the slot on a passing 3rd down, sure. If it's outside and we have a blocking WR or TE in the slot for deception, sure. 

This narrative that it even has to be that one thing is ridiculous. I mean we put him in the slot who plays outside? 

This isn't a real conversation, imo, until we get our hands on another receiver."
Hollywood in the slot and Gus out wide as our deep threat. It's so obvious
Literally all his college highlights are from the slot or deep cuts. He’d probably do better running a route that isn’t up the side line.
"Nah, Dobbins is our best slot WR. That motion->end around run he has been doing is money, just fake it every pass play & im sure it’ll open some shit up"
"While the offense is clicking the last few weeks (and what a relief that is), it’s critical to note that it’s doing so against teams that aren’t very competitive. 

I’m open to exploring Hollywood’s success in multiple positions, because if we’re being honest, he’s been somewhat disappointing as a Raven. I would like to have a better sense of how much of that is due to player vs. scheme. Moving him around more may help in that regard."
He should be hill to our Mahomes imo. Not a slot receiver.
"I think we should be throwing him more rub routes, screens, and other space clearing routes. They compliment his deep routes and gives him space to make the first guy miss. The chiefs don’t throw slants to tyreek in the middle very often"
"Given how he hates any contact and hears the footsteps of defensive players, the slot is probably not a good regular option for him."
"I don’t believe Hollywood would be good in the slot. He’s not tough enough. I think where he is is perfect for him, but he needs to line up opposite a true number 1. He will become much more open and become a great receiver that way. The offence as a whole will be much more functional through the air. 

However, none of this will matter if the line can’t hold. They have been playing fairly well as unit recently, but they thrive primarily for the ground game. I’d like to sure I’ll the line in the draft snd the rest may click. It always starts at the front."
"Hollywood would die in the slot and all we have other than him are slot receivers at the moment. 

Fans are dumb as hell"
"If we were to bring in a Robinson or a Golladay and roll with Robinson/Golladay, Brown, Boykin, Duvernay, Proche next year, Hollywood could rotate between playing on the outside and in the slot depending on the situation and the route concepts we want to run.

Another thing to consider about playing Hollywood in the slot on neutral downs is that it will limit our options in the running game because he can’t really block."
I stand by what I said about Roman earlier in the year. No clue about Hollywood.
Sports fandom means talking out of your ass. The number of football fans that understand the game well enough to offer original insights on how an offense is run is tiny. And I'm no exception.
The problem with Hollywood is that his route running/hands aren’t good enough to get separation. He’s also not strong enough to run through the contact. That won’t change if he lines up in the slot.
"I swear I saw some video lately where dude stated that we were not using Hollywood the right way and that he needs to be in the slot. Since I saw that video, there has been so many just echoing it."
Roman can go if he doesnt win us a playoff game this year.
Hollywood should play out of the slot.
"Usually, slot WRs get more free releases which would help a smaller or less physical receiver like Hollywood. Outside corners have the sideline to help them if they come up in press unlike slot corners.

There are other ways to get around it though like stacking receivers and changing if he's on the LOS"
"Calling for Roman to be fired wasn't some sort of hot take. Its pathetic that it took this long for him to get back to the 2019 style of offense. IMO this season was a fire able offense for him. 

I think we will win Sunday but it's not unrealistic to think that we could have missed the playoffs this season. Roman not playing to our strengths was a major part of that."
"The slot would offer him more space to work with on average, so no issues from me there."
Idk of putting him in the slot is thee best answer but he needs to be a more legitimate part of our offense
"Honestly, I'd rather just trade him. I even think his friendship with Lamar hurts the team, as Lamar has given him some wild deep looks to ""get him some"", that have gone for interceptions. I think he's too small for a really physical league, and I'd rather see if we can get some value from him now and improve elsewhere"
""
"AND I SAY CARROLLLLLLLL, PETE CARRROOLLLLLL!!!"
"So I start marching my way down to Mike Tomlin in Pittsburgh and I say ""Tommmlin! Tommlin! Why don't you play your starters so you can bounce the Browns out of the playoffs?"" But when I open the door what do I find? There's not a single starting caliber player in Pittsburgh."
"The Dolphins' odds of a playoff berth seem really high. Are the Bills resting starters or something?

I like the odds of Baltimore, Cleveland, and Indianapolis all winning their games, while Miami winning in Buffalo seems less likely to me.

I see Vegas has a pick'em spread for that game right now, so I guess they're predicting the Bills rest some starters."
I find this guys “act” as a cringe worthy attempt to parody the election.
"Lets hope for decent early January weather this Sunday in Cincinnati. I am pretty sure that few people here want to see the Ravens play in the rain again this season.  At least they have artificial turf, there, so a mud bowl cant happen and it looks like it will be to warm for snow.

Current Weather Forecast for Sunday in Cincinnati:

Showers in the morning, then cloudy in the afternoon. High 43F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 30%

[https://weather.com/weather/weekend/l/fae4316eb88f220900a7cb7ee6ef6cbbf93a9fcfa516307e909b643e55af4a7b](https://weather.com/weather/weekend/l/fae4316eb88f220900a7cb7ee6ef6cbbf93a9fcfa516307e909b643e55af4a7b)"
"If we get into the playoffs I would love to have a snow game, esp against Pitt."
""
I’ll do nothing of the sort
"Fuck ya'll
/thread"
"As many of us know, the Ravens need to bring in more talent on the WR front. There are some big name FAs on the horizon like Allen Robinson, Chris Godwin, Kenny Golladay. But for all his “distractions”, I think Juju Smith Schuster would be a great addition to this offense. 

Why? He is a tough, physical receiver. That is one of the biggest things I’ve seen other fans want. A tough, physical guy who is sure handed. Juju fits that mold. This is also the same guy who laid out Vontaze Burfict for a cheap shot on AB. 

He is a team player. Juju is a much better player, in my opinion, than his stats this year would show but he’s never complained when Diontae Johnson or James Washington or Chase Claypool get more targets or receptions than him. He’s usually ecstatic for them and from what I’ve seen he looks like a willing run blocker when he needs to be. 

I think if we can bring a guy like Juju in, he fits in with the fun loving, but play hard Raven mentality. He would force Marquise into the slot where he would probably be more effective as a receiving threat

Plus the added bonus of revenge games twice a year could bring out the best in him"
">Why? He is a tough, physical receiver.

Yea, but he's still not good, and won't do anything to open up the offense because he's no threat to anyone. He's the guy that benefits from a #1 receiver. Look what happened when AB left. He's been mediocre at BEST, on a pass heavy offense. In our offense, he'll be just another guy with \~300 yards receiving.

We need a true #1 WR that can draw attention. Otherwise, just keep drafting guys to keep the rotating blender of average/worse WRs going.

Regardless, we're a run first team, so unless we trade for a top WR, or pay an ungodly amount, we're going to be stuck drafting guys.

I am not against bringing in an expensive WR, I just don't see it happening."
"1. The franchise is doing a massive disservice to Lamar if they don’t get him a true #1 WR soon. Our bottom tier WR group is forcing Lamar to run too often and the wear and tear is going to accumulate over the next few years. Please, for the love of all things holy, help (a) Lamar’s growth as a passer and (b) preserve Lamar’s health by getting him some serious WRs.

2. Juju is the type of WR that needs help from a #1 to shine. Sounds like what we already have in Hollywood. I hope the front office aims higher."
I would love to have Allen Robinson but I just don’t see it happening I say we sign dez to another year let him have a full offseason and give Duvernay some time to develop I would like us to focus on our offensive line more this offseason
Like we need him getting other ravens players to dance for tik tok.
No way did I shit all over his tiktok nonsense just to have him do it on my team
"I’m getting sick of these posts and I’m not trying to be a Debbie downer, but please go to underthecap.com. After a quick look at our situation, you will realize we don’t have the money to get a WR of that caliber/that wasn’t a fat check. We need to focus on our pass rushers and Derek Wolfe before we go out and get anyone. I wish it wasn’t the case, but it is."
"As long as I've been following this team, I can't remember a single prominent Steelers player coming to play for us while in their prime. Mike Wallace and Kordell Stewart suited up, but only after stops in other cities after leaving Pittsburgh and only when their careers were practically over. 

That said, I think it's more practical to focus on building the defense and offensive line. Receiver should be on the ""nice to have"" list, not the ""need to have"" list."
"Juju is a slot receiver.

We don't need another slot receiver."
Nah he is a number 2 at best ab made him. Tik tok boy trash
With what money? We can't afford a elite tier wide receiver with only 25 million in projected cap space.
"I say run it back with what we got and give Dez more time to get back into shape and potentially another year to prove himself as a Raven. He was so damn talented in his prime and anything close to that will be the best chance the Ravens got next year given the always tight cap. 

People are quick to forget about Hollywood too. No he's not producing like we drafted him to, but this is still only his 1st healthy season, a year in which the Ravens can't really pass to anyone. He needs to cut the drops and mistakes but he is still young with plenty of time to do so. And seems like Willie Snead could be a potential cut this off-season to save $, but he always seems to makes plays when we need him most, and a locker room guy so between him, Hollywood and Dez...with a better approach to the passing game play call wise, Im not too worried about our WRs. 

Joe Flacco was able to get it done with Anquan Boldin Torrey Smith and Jacoby Jones. Lamar can get it done with a combo of Hollywood, Bryant, Snead and maybe one more WR to go along with Duvernay too who we can't forget either. I don't think we need someone crazy expensive or lucrative, hell the difference might even be a Zach Ertz type signing given how much success Lamar's had throwing to TEs and the success of this offense with multiple TE sets."
"Everyone else you mentioned is way better, though. Godwin especially. Me personally I would be fine with Marvin Jones or AJ Green for now. They're not gonna set the world on fire but they have reliable hands, something this offense lacks, even in Andrews sometimes"
Juju is a slot. We don’t need slots. We need big physical OUTSIDE presences.
"Hes not a ""the guy""."
Hell no
How about NNNAAOOOOOOOOO?
"We run the ball more than any other team in the league. Why do you guys always want a skill position. Upgrade the line and work with what we got. 

We have the most electrifying QB, a top 5 TE and just spent a 2nd round draft pick on a very exciting running back. We don’t need to spend money on a WR that’s going to collect 80-90 targets at best."
[deleted]
I know it’s 2 days away but I just wanted to say Happy New Year to our brothers 1000 miles Southeast of us. I hope it’s ok if we refer to you guys as our Brothers cause we love y’all like you are. I hope 2021 is awesome for both of us and if it doesn’t bring us a SB then I hope it brings you guys one. Here’s a Virtual Hug to you guys. Go on a tear in the playoffs. I can see you guys picking up momentum. You can do this. I think we have a chance too but the Saints and Bucs worry me.
"Happy new year! Rodgers is my MVP selection this year, and hopefully we see each other in the Super Bowl!"
Happy new year to our favorite cheesehead 6411 kms in the west (from my location)
"This guy is like the nicest, most genuine person on Reddit. We can learn a lot from him. Unless it’s a GB / Baltimore SB then unfortunately he gets the blood eagle."
Rogers is beasting this year! Happy New Year and a hopeful Packers Ravens Super Bowl!
Happy News Years to you as well
[deleted]
Happy New Year Jordy!
"Hey you're such a blessing brother, I love the love!"
""
He big
Honestly that’s so great for us. Losing Nick Boyle was huge.
Yesss. I saw him lay a block the other day and I aas stoked to see it. When Boyle comes back next season its gonna be legit.
Dude looks like the baby of Hayden Hurst and Ryan Jensen lol I love it
Ladainian looks.... different
"You aren't going to hear much about a dude like him on the telecast, so good to see/hear that he is doing his job well.  No catches though, I'd like to see them remedy that this weekend.  Be great if his first catch is a TD in the red zone."
He 260? my god
[deleted]
https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/km5zwc/playoff_opponent_probability/ghd630v/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
"It does seem pretty rare to go 3-0 against a team in one season. Maybe I just totally made that up, or maybe those matchups just rarely ever happen. 

I'd be a little worried about the prospect of playing Cleveland again for that reason, too."
"I'm one of those Steelers fans who doesn't want to play the ravens in the first round.  A. because they're tougher than some of the other possible teams (looking at you, browns). and

2. We already locked away bragging rights over the ravens by sweeping them this year, though the second game doesn't count as much.  A third game would risk all that and I don't want you to have a chance at redemption.

3. It just isn't the best matchups for some of the stuff we do best. Our ideal opponent is a pocket passer with limited mobility that we can sack or pick off a bunch. Phillip Rivers fits that bill to a T. While we do like to turnover Lamar, he can also run for big gains.

And when we're on offense, ideally our opponent's weakness would be at corner and the secondary. A team like the browns would be perfect for that. Meanwhile that's your guy's strength.  


Our ideal path is to play the browns first round, Have the Titans (who blew out the bills earlier this season) or dolphins (who lost 31 - 28 in their first game)  beat the bills, while we play a team like the colts in the divisional, and just pray that whoever the chiefs draw, the chiefs play like they did against the falcons, raiders, chargers, or panthers."
"If I was a Steelers fan there aren’t any teams except maybe Miami that I’d feel confident going against. They beat the Colts sure but it was razor thin and it might not necessarily break the same way again. For the Titans, that defense has struggled against far worse QBs than Tannehill and Derrick Henry will plow through them. Ditto for the Browns except now there’s two RBs that could hash the Steelers. 

Even Miami is far from a gimme, but at the very least you get either a rookie in Tua or the chance that FitzTragic shows up."
""
"Solid pick, he'll be a good piece for us over the next few years."
"I wonder if our draft was even slightly on purpose in the following way:

Mark Ingram -> Great play style mentor for  -> JK Dobbins


Calais Campbell -> Great play style mentor for -> Justin Madabuike"
"This breakdown is just fantastic. Camera angles, highlighting, pacing, and the actual analysis. Good stuff all around.

Even more pumped for the Mad man than I was before."
"Been seeing this sort of play from him for a couple weeks. He's definitely coming into his own, and is showing to be a great pick."
MadBoogie is going to be a beast. would have been a first round pick but he was thrown under the bus and called lazy for not playing while injured
"The creator appears to be a UK Ravens fan? Happy to see it, and I'm always curious to learn how this happens."
His hands were honestly the most powerful of the defensive linemen prospects coming out.
Holy shit
UK Edgar
Watch his sack from last week. More of the same stuff with his hands. https://twitter.com/BoomOrBustDraft/status/1343287283563311107?s=20
rossi is the next edgar
god i have such high hopes for him. with his playstyle+build+skill set i think in a few years he could be like 90% of aaron donald. not even joking
[deleted]
Remember when Marlon won it and declined the award
Without him I can only imagine how this season would've went.
"I really admire the Ravens for seeing LJ as a star caliber playing and being so willing to change their whole system to be built around him. You guys and the Titans have shown that the run game is extremely viable method of attack and it wouldn’t surprise me at all if more teams adopt this play style in the future. I will admit that I was skeptical at first (bc I’m terribly salty that every team in the AFC North has obtained young promising QBs and I fear for life after Ben), but two years in a row the Ravens have dominated teams and its looking like LJ has an extremely promising future. 

P.S. As a Steelers fan who lives in MD and smothers just about everything in old bay, I love the upvote system."
"In other news, water is wet."
Is there a list of all the previous winners? How far back does it go?
"I mean, yeah. We’d be 5-10 if we still had big Joe. Lamar is incredible."
did they remove his tats in photoshop? lol
Why would they ‘shop his tattoos out?
Wow.  Today's a long ass day
I can’t imagine it being any other player.
Uhm... duh?
They should just announce the next time it isn’t Lamar. That would be actual news. Guy is gonna own this award for a while.
""
"Keep the word ""racist"" in its holster and pull it out only for actual instances of racism.  God knows there are plenty.  Indiscriminate use of the word cheapens it and lessens its impact when it is truly needed."
Can we just stop acknowledging the Lamar hate? It’s obviously haters just trying to piss ravens fans off and when we keep getting triggered by stuff like this it just feeds the fire
Bad take but what's racist about this?
"You led with racism, couldn’t prove it. Or even identify the role it might play. Pull this post."
Pretty sure he’d hate Patty as well 🤔
Everyone has haters. I hate Mahomes personally
I admit I fucking hate your guts with your bullshit ass posts
"Ever since he started against them for the first time in 2018. He is 4-0 and has shredded them on the ground and through the air....why is that? Are the Bengals just not built him, it's almost as if since Flacco went down. The Bengals have come up blank against him every time. Maybe it's just me...but he has absolutely put a whooping on them everytime they meet on the field...."
"The Bengals are 12-34-1 since 2018. 

They just suck, is the basic answer. And Lamar is a bad team’s worst nightmare."
"These Ravens excel at beating bad teams. A lot of that is because of Lamar and his ability to create with his arm and legs. It’s not like the Flacco days where if he’s off throwing the ball that game the offense is cooked.

And yeah as other guy said, Bengals have been bad the past couple years."
Because the bengals have been ass for the last 2 years.
"Maybe delete this? Lol... I wish this was a post AFTER Sunday's game

I sure hope this post ages like wine rather than milk."
The bengals are bad
Good qb play good when play bad team
"Honestly the first Bengals game this year was Lamar's worst game of the season. The Pittsburgh game might look worse on paper because of the turnovers, but Lamar was just terrible in the Bengals game imo. The Bengals dropped a ton of interceptions in that game and just couldn't capitalize on Lamar's mistakes."
"I always felt, at least when the game is in Cincy, he played well because it was a college homecoming for him, like when he went to Miami (which was an actual homecoming). Louisville is pretty close to Cincy. He’s got all his friends in the stands and a ton of red 8 jerseys that go to the game to see him so he puts on a show. That doesn’t really explain why he plays well against them in Baltimore though."
They suck
Because the bengals are trash lmao
Ultimate jinx
"Lamar shreds bad teams. That being said, this feels like it’s jinxing this game, and with our pat with blowing games to them late in the season... delete this plz"
Are you trying to jinx us?
"Bengals fan. I think the ravens offense the past few years matches up well with our defense.  Our Linebackers have been ass the past few years.  (Although they are very young so I'm hopeful they develop more next season).  Our DLine has also been bad this year, especially on the inside.  For a team that likes running, a weak front 7 is a huge bonus.  Weak linebackers also plays into Lamars preference for intermediate throws over the middle."
I mean he looked pretty bad against them earlier this year. They dropped like 3 very easy picks
[deleted]
"I guess the question is, is he worth whatever we would have to lose on defense, AND the draft capital? It would likely mean NOT re-signing Ngakoue, Judon or likely BOTH, and still losing a 1st round pick at the very least.

I just think the return isn't worth it. If he was still in his mid twenties, yea. I'm fine with just swapping a player or two, but if we're talking draft picks, it needs to be for a guy who will be around long term. This isn't a Diggs or Hopkins situation."
Isn’t there something with cap space with him?
Old with injury concerns. Passsss
Skura and a 5th
I’d much rather give Allen Robinson a big contract instead.
Imagine Julio and then having Hollywood at the 2 where he belongs and then Dez
Judon and 1st
"Maybe if the Falcons cut him after not finding a trade partner. Despite being injured the past few seasons, dude is still one of the best when healthy, and the Falcons will probably find someone to trade for him for a 1st or 2nd and take on the rest of his deal, or just keep and pay him what he surely deserves and get a guaranteed 6 grabs for 95 yards per game minimum. Savage stats. 

The Falcons look awful without him and would have to try and pull a Vikings by replacing him with a draft pick that won't always turn out to be as good as Justin Jefferson was after the departure of Stefon Diggs."
"Really depends what his demands are and if he is willing to take less to go to a contender. If that is the case watch him go to the Chiefs, Titans or Miami."
Trading him would hit Atlanta with $38M in dead cap. The only way he's not a Falcon next year is if he retires.
Getting a top flight WR isnt going to help as much as everyone thinks. We need to improve the o line and invest in the Greg Roman of Passing. Find some stud passing game coordinator and get them to work around Lamar and the running game.
"He's old you guys act like it's 2016 still. Drafted in 2011, gets more banged up every year. Closer to the end than he is the all pro of old"
Injuries scare me. He’s been hurt a lot this season. His body might be breaking down.
[deleted]
"[https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/\_/id/30624447/cleveland-browns-player-staff-member-test-positive-covid-19](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/30624447/cleveland-browns-player-staff-member-test-positive-covid-19)

>The [Cleveland Browns](https://www.espn.com/nfl/team/_/name/cle/cleveland-browns)  closed their facility Wednesday to conduct contact tracing after a  coach and a practice squad player tested positive for COVID-19  
>  
>On Tuesday, the Browns added tight end Harrison Bryant and safeties Karl Joseph and Andrew Sendejo to the reserve/COVID-19 list.

&#x200B;"
[The highlights](https://twitter.com/tdisportsclips/status/1344305544790745090?s=21)
"Ah yes ,when kyler murray and Kyle allen watched ... Jake Hubenak lead the Aggies..."
"Watched this game live as a Louisville native. Game was long as shit, 4 hours damn near. Loved every second of it though. Very highly doubt I'll ever see another QB at Louisville with Lamar's caliber.  1/1"
Ravens should just draft every QB out of Louisville. It seems to work pretty well.
Loved watching his college ball
""
Is this league still open?
"Madden is garbage and 21 is the worse one yet. 

That and Xbox is for teenage virgins who live in their moms basement. Gotta get a PlayStation so you can be an adult virgin who lives in their moms basement."
"Never saw an official retirement announcement from him after winning the SB last year. Is Sizzle done? I'd love to see him retire a Raven, even if it's a one day contract."
"He's a free agent but yeah he's essentially done, he runs a production company now so he's been all in on that unless the right team calls but no one has"
His paycheck my say differently but Suggs will retire a raven
"My guess is he's just sitting out for now due to Covid and going to see what happens in 2021. Probably will stay retired, but you never know. After all, Reggie White came back to play a year after retiring."
"Yeah, I imagine he never officially retired because you never know what could happen with COVID and a team may have needed to pick him up, but he seems done."
He could wait until right before the playoffs to get onto a team and go to win another superbowl...
"If we make the playoffs, can we sign him just for the playoffs? Really want to set him off into the sunset if we can"
[deleted]
*Defensive back....would also love a new safety.
I think this is what's gonna happen and everyone here will lose their minds until the guy balls out. I've seen this before.
"The Ravens appear to have depth at CB, excluding Young. CB5 (not Humphrey, Peters, Smith, Young) can't play CB1 and that's okay. However, they do not have anything at free safety, and that's the bigger need. Whether they convert a CB or draft a FS, something needs to happen this off-season."
"What we actually need is a free safety, but since we've drafted a corner in five of the last six (and eight of the last ten) drafts I'd say it's a good bet we take one in 2021"
Mock drafts I’ve done; I’ve taken TJ Carter in the 5th. Seems to be good at press and man.
"We also have Iman Marshall on IR who could hopefully provide some more depth, but we can never have too many quality CBs. I feel like every draft we add at least one CB, just depends on where the board falls."
"Honestly, i’m good with them drafting literally anything other than QB, RB and T because we don’t need those. Anything else would be fine."
I don't think there's any position outside of QB and RB that this team could draft highly and I wouldn't think we needed. Best Player Available truly works this year.
IOL
Definitely need to replenish the depth there
Tavon young is due for a full healthy season
My ideal draft would be Zaven Collins in the 1st and Trevon Moehrig in the 2nd. A do-it-all edge and a real center fielder would be great gets.
"Nothing wrong with taking a DB in the draft. But I wouldnt make it a high pick unless it's a great pick. We have many other needs that, imo, supercede DB."
"Maybe you’re right. At this point I don’t even want them to make another attempt at drafting a wr. I’d rather draft interior oline first/early, tho"
RT after Brown is traded
[deleted]
""
"One of my favorite things about the team during the Lamar Jackson era so far is that we've hardly played down to our opponents. Outside of the Philly game (I'm not counting NE, weather was too crazy) we've beaten all non playoff caliber teams by multiple possessions. This of course is a big contributor to our point differential. 

This is the reason I'm not worried about the game this Sunday. Lamar simply takes care of business against the teams he is supposed to. That was not always the case with some of the Flacco led teams."
Win big and lose close.
""
"Like rocking that all black like a raven

***

posted by [@Jayronkearse8](https://twitter.com/Jayronkearse8)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I was just talking about this in another post lol but no Jeff Zrebiec said that they were talking but does not know if a deal was made
Seeing reports that we’re likely to sign him.
Geno and Jayron were released on the same day. I hoped we were making a move for him.
Might make up for not signing his uncle 16 years ago.
Would be nice to get a decent third safety.  The Ravens staff trusts Levine and Richards so little they don’t even see the field in the dime package.
Did he delete it? I can’t open it
"Please make this happen EDC (Eric DeCosta -- Ravens GM, for those not in the know)!"
""
Too old. Too much money. Not interested.
He leaves the Falcons with $38M in dead cap if cut or traded. He's going nowhere.
"uhh yes, I'd take Julio. I think a lot of people are suffering from recency bias from this season, which was a down one for him. He's still fairly young and in our offense, would you double Julio or try to stop the run? It would be a MASSIVE predicament for the defense. I'd be all about it.

That said, I'd kind of rather have Allen Robinson. Similar skill but younger. I think Robinson/Lamar would be so hard to stop."
No sir
The only team I see going after him who has the cap space ($65m) are the Colts ( TY Hilton is a UFA)
I want golladay
"I guess it depends if you are trying to win right now or not. If you are he's a great pick up if not it would be horrible. It's harder than you think to get a young certified number 1 WR, especially when we haven't been good at drafting that position. I personally would love him on our team but realistically the way we play now we wouldn't be getting his full potential."
"The draft assets needed to get him would be prohibitive by themselves, nevermind what he'll likely do to our cap situation just as a bunch of extensions are coming down the pipeline, and he's on the wrong side of thirty with a kind of concerning recent injury history.

Julio is awesome, and seeing him in purple and black would be awesome, but the move just doesn't make sense."
"Nah man. I could see this going south easily. Give up way too much for just not enough time/production. Julio is a fucking beast, but I hate his lack of touchdowns even when he was in high powered offenses. I don't feel like he's dependable man. I wish we could've gotten DHop. We need a fucking dawg on the receiving squad."
""
"I am hoping for speedy recovering for everyone and that this is not as bad as it looks.

The Bengals are dangerous. It's their last game. I'm okay with some of guys resting, especially with the Bengals being out for the blood as they have been recently.

I just hope we are able to do what we need to do. I'd rather them not get worse as a result of this game. But we still need to WIN."
i’m sorry if this is dumb but what is nir?
Need to let Marlon rest. Would like if he could rest all or most of Sunday.
Pain 😫
"Been seeing a lot of debate on Ravens Twitter and just wanted to get this sub's opinion. 

Zeus has been phenomenal as a LT since Ronnie went down and is very good at the right side as well. Ronnie Stanley hasn't played a full 16 game schedule yet, so there is some concern about his ability to be healthy. Plus after Zeus, there is not a whole lot to be desired amongst our team's Tackles. I mean Fluker has been playing better recently, but he's not the long term answer. Tyree Phillips is also too raw to be our RT at the moment. Keep in mind what made our offense run last year was a great offensive line. We've lost Yanda to retirement, we've lost Stanley for this season and if we lose Zeus next things could get even worse. 

On the other hand Andrews is literally our best Receiving target. I mean what other weapon on our team does Lamar trust to convert on a 3rd down? We can't draft WRs for shit(and it's too expensive to sign a quality one) and if we lost Andrews what happens? Our TEs after him are Tomlinson and Ricard(who also gets FB snaps). 

This isn't an easy decision, because both our so valuable to us and unless we take the KC/NO route of manipulating the shit out of the cap, we're probably are going to have to lose one of these guys.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/knbuzh)"
"This team has consistently developed late round picks and UDFAs into starting-calibre linemen for twenty years, while Andrews is probably in the top five homegrown offensive skill position players in team history. Combine this with Brown being the more likely of the two to take a hometown discount (disclaimer: I still wouldn't bet on it) and it's an easy choice."
"It's Orlando Brown jr for me, just how many tackles can switch from right to left and still play at a pro bowl level that's going up against Myles Garret and TJ Watt x2 a season. I'd just rather have them prioritize protecting our franchise qb."
This is one of the best polls I’ve seen. it’s a hard decision picking outta these two on this. I can only imagine how decosta feels but I trust his judgement
Let's just say thank God I am not a GM.
Andrews' chemistry with Lamar puts him over the top for me.
It’s hard for sure. I’ll pick Andrews but it’s not an easy choice at all.
It’s Zeus Jr. for me. We have a mobile QB who is developing as a passer in the pocket. Zeus Jr. can protect both of his sides just fine and give him space to escape when necessary. Mandrews is a great TE but we can find another TE in the draft and develop him to be a starting caliber threat. That also gives Lamar more chemistry with his present receivers and potential future receivers instead of only trusting Mandrews
"Brown's going to want LT money. Can we afford to pay two pro-bowl LTs?

I think you get better bang for the buck with Andrews."
I love Andrews but it’s O line all day e’ry day
"Also one more thing to add: 

[Wola points out that we're getting some contracts off our books](https://twitter.com/WolaWriter/status/1344401906320478213)(also doesn't include guys like Boyle and Ingram). Also with the $100 billion TV contract deal coming in, contracts signed before like Marlo and Ronnie might look a lot better."
"With how Brown has preformed at LT I can see a team overpaying for him massively in a trade. Alternatively Ronnie is worth a Khalil Mack type haul especially considering his contract extension, if the front office is looking to make moves for draft capital and is confident in Brown, he’d arguably the best trade piece in the league. Ideally we have both anchoring our line but for the right price it would be very hard not to consider moving off one and drafting a replacement."
Orlando is gone. He’s a pro bowler from LT. he’ll get paid on the free market.
"I'd hate losing a great lineman but I think Orlando is going to be out of our price range. And with apologies to Hollywood, Mark is just Lamar's guy. He's got a knack for getting open and is clearly our best receiving threat. 

Maybe try to sign Bozeman and Powers now, though."
"Brown is a better player, but he’s our 2nd best T and Andrews is by far our best receiver. I think we let someone sign Brown on a 1st round tender"
What can we we expect in a Orlando brown trade?
Brown will want LT money which he isn't getting from us. I'd rather trade him if thats the case.
I think we are going to have to trade one before their contract is up.  Or franchise and trade.  Money going to be tight.
I accidently voted for Brown. STOP THE FUCKING COUNT. I thought we were voting who we should cut lol
""
Inconclusive test. So this move is precautionary.
Not the best QB of all time!?
If Tuck is a close contact we might be in for a wild ride this Sunday boys.
[WE COULDN'T MAKE IT ONE MORR GAME](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/iua215/if_we_play_all_16_regular_season_games_and_koch/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
Guess we gotta score touchdowns instead of punt
"Not a positive test, so he can maybe still play Sunday if he keeps testing negative. Just hope tucker doesn’t get put on the close contact list"
"Justin Tucker can probably punt, but who will hold for FGs and XPs?

Sam could also have his 239 game consecutive streak broken."
"Actually serious. Go for it on every fourth down, but have Lamar punt it on occasion instead of going for if we don’t like the defensive look they give us. We used to do this occasionally a long time ago and Brady did it a few times. They can’t set up a return so even a short kick can bounce for a while. Plus it will allow the announcers to tell us the little known fact that Harbaugh knows these tricks cause he was a special teams coordinator."
Hopefully we won’t need a punter
The simple solution is we stop punting.
"IIRC, the Rams, during their Greatest Show on Turf era, lost their kicker for a game. They were forced to go for 2 after touchdowns and go on 4th down in ranges too close to point."
Well that sucks
"The Bengals will have neither Geno Atkins nor DJ Reader. Run it up the gut on third and long, and again on fourth and short."
Uh oh
No worries. They won’t need to punt on Sunday. 😀
"PS Long Snapper can punt. 

Remember some commentators talking about him punting left footed since their opponent was left footed, and they were able to practice that."
Go for it every 4th.
Going for it on 4th down all day?
Time to play like it’s Madden
"Phew, we never punt, won’t need him"
Hope he gets better
That's interesting.
Will he be back for the playoffs?!!?!
NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not like we need a punter anyway
It sounds like he’s fine and this is precautionary. I think after the massive shitshow the outbreak caused they are just making sure they follow protocol. Prayers out regardless though.. I just got over Covid and lemme tell you it is definitely shitty.
Oh dear... another inconclusive test or was he positive?
"RIP our punting, Sam Koch’s ability to create various punt trajectories and spins are insane"
"According to ESPN:

 [https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/\_/id/30626225/sam-koch-15-year-consecutive-games-streak-jeopardy-ravens-punter-goes-covid-19-list](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/30626225/sam-koch-15-year-consecutive-games-streak-jeopardy-ravens-punter-goes-covid-19-list)

If Koch is out, kicker [Justin Tucker](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/15683/justin-tucker) would likely replace him. Tucker averaged 40.5 yards on 155 punts at Texas.

The other issue is that Koch is the holder on extra points and field goals. Tight end [Mark Andrews](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/3116365/mark-andrews) took some snaps as the holder in training camp."
The wolf pack!
Whose the backup holder? Andrew’s? Huntley? Or someone else? I hope they get some practice time with Tucker.
Here we go again.
"I mean the punter is at least six feet away from any other player when he takes the snap soooooooooo maybe he can play? 

/s"
"Damn, most efficient passer in league, we gonna lose to Bengals lol let's go Tuck"
any updates on this? any other positive tests?
"RIP souljia

Edit: on second thought, maybe I shouldn’t be downplaying a potential case of a relatively deadly disease. My bad 😣"
"I received a $100 NFL Shop gift card for Christmas so that I could buy a new Ravens jersey. The only ones I own are a purple Lamar (from 2018) and a black Ray Lewis (from about a decade ago).

What are some recommendations for who my next should be? The main ones I've considered are: Marlon Humphrey, Justin Tucker, Mark Andrews and JK Dobbins, but I'm open to anyone!"
"Marlo for me, love everything about his game"
Gotta go with Kyle Boller here chief
"I actually asked for a Humphrey jersey for Christmas but was told it was too expensive, and have since decided that my next jersey should actually be Tucker. 

There is no way you can ever go wrong with a Tucker jersey imo."
"I just got my first jersey today after 12 years of Flock loyalty, had to go with Tucker for all he’s done this past decade. I’m so happy 😀"
If it was me I'm going Dobbins.
L.Jackson or Dobbins would be my suggestion
"Hump just signed an extension so he's a safe buy for now, Tucker jersey will be good FOREVER. Though."
Hmm that’s a tough one but I’d go with Crockett Gillmore
I got a color rush Tucker for xmas and I'm so happy about it tbh
Marlo color rush
"Classic: Reed

Current: Tucker"
Marlon
Tucker is the GOAT. Can’t go wrong there
"Stanley just signed long-term, and OL jerseys are underrated. A Chuck Clark jersey would let everyone know you're not just a casual fan.

Or I'd go Humph, since he was just extended."
Tucker or Humphrey are my two that I’m considering
"Marlo just signed a new deal so he will be here a while- so that would be a good choice. Dobbins is awesome but it is generally kinda risky buying a rookie's jersey. Mandrews, hopefully he signs his new deal soon but I would hold off on buying his until then. Justin tucker will be here for his whole career...which is a long long time. If you don't mind rocking a kicker's jersey go tucker for sure."
White Dobbins would be my choice
Tucker
Maybe wait to see Andrews get extended then get his? Don’t see too many of his but he’s a baller
Earl Thomas
""
Can he punt?
"6’4...

How good is he at covering TEs?"
I’m down let’s go
"Off the field concerns with this one, not sure it's worth it for a team with SB aspirations."
[deleted]
""
"Who’s his favorite player? Derek Woof?

....

I’ll see myself out..."
That’s a good looking loaf of bread!!!
Corgi??
""
He was one of the highest rated safeties last year with a grade of 89 per PFF. Not a bad depth move
For the uninformed... Who is this guy?
Dude was let go because he left the hotel without permission and didnt get in by the time he was supposed to. Weary about him since our shit show with covid.
All I know about this dude is that according to the vikings' locker room he is very in touch with his feminine side
""
I wonder how many our Illegal Formation/Motion account for
The Ravens have the third-most penalty yardage.  Frustrating.
Do they always get all the calls?  Would love to see year to year stats and some graphs
"I would like to see a platform that tracks no calls. Of course some are quite subjective so it wouldn't be an exact science, but I feel like there's been quite a lot of blatant no calls that had a direct impact on the outcome of the game."
295 yards is potentially a BIG swing in points. Let’s hope we clear this up heading into the postseason.  I may be wrong but seemed as if we did improve the past couple weeks.
New England has the fewest calls against them and New Orleans has the fewest calls in their favor 🤔🤔
Nothing worse than fans crying over penalties always going against us and for another team. Try watching games outside of the ravens. Bad calls happen for all teams every week. It’s football. It happens.
"I believe this team will sneak into the playoffs 11-5, they will beat whoever they face if it’s Pittsburgh, Buffalo, or Tennessee. 

If the secondary and defensive line can play disciplined, mistake-free football and the receiving corps other than Andrews can make catches, this team can get past KC - but it has to be disciplined football with no free penalties given. The personnel defensively is there to stop Mahomes and their spread offense. 

I’m not afraid of the NFC teams. We can go toe-to-toe with the Saints, Bucs, Packers. We can legitimately walk away with the Lombardi in February."
"The ability is there. But we have to play perfect on one side of the ball in every game. Defense has a lot of coverage issues and I've noticed as of late that we give way to much cushion underneath and teams like the Steelers and Chiefs will just throw drag and slants route all game to nullify our blitz. 

Even the giants managed to put it together how to beat our defense they just sucked and couldnt do it. But they started getting momentum in the second half because we gave them so much space underneath. 

We gotta figure out the coverage issue. 

Not that it cant happen. But right now I dont expect us to win the superbowl. I didnt expect it during Joe's superbowl run either though so who the fuck knows."
"Well, I left Edgemere back in '19

An' the team went to workin' on a 'sembly line
The first year they had me puttin' defenders on wheels

Every day I'd watch them beauties roll by

And sometimes I'd hang my head and cry

'Cause I always wanted me another ring

One day I devised myself a plan

That should be the envy of most any man

I'd sneak it out of there in a lunchbox in my hand

Now gettin' caught meant gettin' fired

But I figured I'd have it all by the time I retired

I'd have me a franchise worth at least a hundred billion

🎶🎶ONE GAME AT A TIME, AND WE WON’T GET DIMED🎶🎶"
Any team in the playoffs can win the Super Bowl
Let's just worry about the Bengals first...2017 still haunts me
Let's get into the playoffs first
It’s looking likely we’re going to play Tennessee assuming both teams win on Sunday. We gotta beat them to even sniff at a chance to possibly play KC in the playoffs. Tbh I just don’t think there’s a team in the NFL that can stop mahomes. KC been playing suspect lately but something telling me they’re saving it for the playoffs and the AFC is doomed
Yes we have as good a chance as any other to win the SB. My question is why the fuck didn't we try to sign Kenny Stills? Is Buffalo more forward thinking than us? They already have a plethora of receivers for Allen that are ball sharks. And Lamar is left wading in the waters with guppies.
Hell yes we can!
No.
"So I have an old #27 jersey that I obviously never wear anymore, but just for the historical reasons I don't want to damage it permanently. Any ideas as to something that would be clean but not permanent to make it a Dobbins jersey instead?

I was thinking white athletic tape or something, but I figured maybe someone on the sub has already done something similar that I could do.

EDIT - to emphasize (although I do appreciate the replies), I really would like something that will not permanently damage the jersey as I do still have fond memories of it, just looking for something more temporary so I can rock it again. 


Ps - I hope this wouldn't come up, but just for clarity's sake; we're currently in a pandemic and I'm not working, so of course in ideal circumstances I'd just buy a jersey and support Dobbins and the team, but I just figured I'd try get creative during rough times."
I’ve been meaning to do this as well. Found this site:  http://www.thenamechanger.com/
"You can buy name plates online that you just sew on, was planning on doing that with my rice as well"
I also gave a Rice jersey im looking to repurpose so any ideas welcome
"Honestly, take a piece of tape and write in the name. I see a lot of people doing that with old players as a joke. Not sure if that’s really the style you’re looking for though."
I’m doing this exact same thing today. Dm me if you want one
[deleted]
Very few QBs could have had the success that Lamar had with how little pass catchers we had/have. What are they talking about.
"Baker had better running backs, WRs, and O-line so why hasn’t he yet?"
Whatever makes them feel better. Baker clearly can’t win without top talent and as a result lost to the jets.
"Lmao Baker can’t sniff Lamar’s jock strap despite having better WR, RB, OL. Put Lamar on the current Browns team and they’re 16-0, and Lamar easily has another MVP season."
LOL if Lamar had OBJ and Landry he would’ve thrown for 50.
I bet he doesn't win 14 games
"I know the answer is “we have nothing better to do” but why do we even give these people a platform on our sub? 

Cant we find more productive conversations to have? Seems like this sub has been obsessed with the browns lately and it is getting annoying."
They're in your head man.  Stop reading that stuff
[deleted]
""
"“And mayfield’s Pass is intercepted”
Random guy:Nooo"
This is music to my ears. I also remember seeing Juju and the rest of the Steelers mad as fuck leaving the field after the Mosley interception. Shout out to all of the Steelers fans who brought me this entertainment.
I always orgasm at 9:43 when I hear the dudes heart shredded as he yells “noooooooo.”
"Imagine recording this because you were expecting to see your team take the division only to get defeated yet still uploading it anyway. 

Pittsburgh has literally the worst fucking fans on earth. 

If that were me or most likely any of you in that stadium that video would’ve been burned. 

But this guy? 

Yeah let’s upload it anyway cause I need my clicks."
Shameful
... and we know how this ends.  Thanks for coming out.  Enjoy the drive home.
Never gets old seeing the Steelers' hearts collectively break! It is Christmas for Ravens fans!
"Do you know why the steelers have fans all over the country? 

nobody wants to live in pittsburgh"
"Shame shame, make them always remember.
They cheered for the Browns on 30th December!"
"The sounds of unfathomable sadness.  35,000 hearts breaking all at once."
HAAAAAAAAA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"> Here we go Brownies, here we go!

Will never not be hilarious."
Like watching MC win the Premier title
[deleted]
""
"My 8 year old Rottie just got diagnosed with terminal cancer, so this put a smile on my face, she was just like this with my shoelaces when she was little, cherish em while they’re young Marlo"
I got the exact same broom. Excellent choice and also hated by my dog.
Him throughout it: b r u h
LMFAO
Really curious how many players on $95 million contracts are cleaning their own house
""
Will be bittersweet if Ravens win it this year. I think he wouldn't have remembered the second super bowl win
I still can't believe he died
"While leaving one of the games last year my fiance and I happened to notice a large man talking to a boy in a wheelchair with a woman standing by. As we walked by we heard the man say something like ""it was nice talking to you!"" As he walked away. Both my fiance and I looked back and saw Mo at the exact same time we both audibly gasped and turned back to eachother and she yelled ""It's Mo!"" as she grabbed my arm excitedly. 


We were both giddy that we had seen him and we talked about it all the way to the car. I'm not sure either of us would have reacted in that way even if it was a player! I just wish I had taken a second to turn back and say Hi to him and tell him how much we both look up to him."
""
good stuff.
"Cool but like who cares, Hollywood probably doesn’t"
Good shit coach. You hit them 200 likes!!
[deleted]
🔥🔥🔥
Whoa. Are you in a C130?
Sky-high trussssss!
Member of the Mile High (Miracle) Club
Arma 3 looks good.
"Just seeing this thread reminded me I had a dream last night (moreso a nightmare) that we lost to the Bengals.      

Hope it doesn't become reality. Go Ravens!"
""
Pure happiness
I was there for it!!
Amazing moment!
This was an amazing moment. I only wish I had gone the next week maybe my yelling would've helped them beat the chargers.
Dude.. I laugh exactly the same way in moments like his :D
M&t bank looks really good here lol. That’s a nice stadium
https://www.reddit.com/r/Browns/comments/kmpo4l/baker_mayfield_first_3_years_compared_to_the_last/ghkthie/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
it's clear they don't ever watch the ravens so why should I care what they're saying
">Lamar is a product of a good system, coaches, coordinators, o-line, and running backs, so he's **nobody special**. Just wait until the Browns give Baker a good system, coaches, coordinators, o-line and he'll be **somebody special**.

Fuck if I will ever understand this logic."
Lamar is Baker’s daddy. 4-1 head to head. End of discussion.
"> Ravens got in the red zone so much because their defense got so many stops a and turnovers they never had a long field to play with. 

The point about stops and turnovers is valid, but it’s  disingenuous to say that we can’t take the ball downfield. We may not eat up the clock as much as we did last year, but we’ve still had a couple of awesome stretches where we ate up the clock running over (literally) defenses 


> Lamar is just now going to break 7k yards passing for a reason. He doesn't have a good passing skill for anything over 10 yards.

Coming from a fan of such a heated rival team, I can’t hate on how he phrased this **too** much. Lamar’s deep throw accuracy *has* been in need of some improvement. It doesn’t help that we suck at developing wide receivers, and it doesn’t help when our receivers drop the passes that *do* go to them. But I think we’d all love to see that area improve for Lamar (even if we don’t see it as quite the impedance that others might)

> Odell isn't a general talent and hasn't even played 20 games with Baker, and the Ravens Ingram and Dobbins are one of the most productive tandems in football.

Has he been watching Ingram this season? That’s all I’m going to say lol. (Not even hating on Ingram either — fucking love that man — but still....)

> To say Lamar would be successful anywhere else is incredible ignorant and just a lazy irresponsible take, he's never going to be considered an even average passer let alone great passing threat. It's his biggest limit to the Ravens ever having playoff success with him on the roster.

This is where their comment goes from “[fan of rival team] being super critical” to “[fan of rival team] saying stupid shit because: rivalry.” The irony of him calling out “ignorant/lazy/irresponsible” takes — and then following up with the rest of that paragraph — is palpable. 

The dude fired things up when taking over in 2018, had a stellar MVP year in 2019, and is in his second full season. To make such a definitive statement so early — and amidst a pretty damn successful start at that — is ridiculous. I mean, come on....the dude literally said that you’d be ignorant to think that Lamar could be successful on **ANY** other team in the NFL. That’s just nonsense. Also, After Johnny Manziel (among others), a Brown’s fan should know better than to assume he’s got a QB pegged so early. 

Furthermore: turning off my fanboy brain for a second, believing that Lamar Jackson is a less-than-stellar passer is an acceptable position to take. Saying that he’s never going to be considered “even an average passer” would have you laughed out of a room by anyone who’s thinking objectively, and not just with their fanboy brains. Dude’s either just getting carried away with the Ravens hate, or is just being lazy and ignorant (where have I heard those words before...🧐)

&nbsp;

Not much else to say....fans gonna fan."
“Ravens Ingram and dobbins have been one of the best tandems in the NFL” bruh is anyone going to tell him that Ingram has been ass since like week 3? These are the same idiots who think Lamar runs for 200+ yards a game huh. These the same browns fans that can’t accept that Lamar is just simply better and his record against his team shows it. 4-1 against them since 2018 and that fluke of a game last year is becoming more and more irrelevant.
Love how he says lamar isn’t a passer when baker has two from throwing TD and lamar could easily have 30+ throwing TD if he threw at the goal line
It reads like someone defending a belief not a fact. You can't reason someone out of a position they didn't reason themselves into.
iT is aN IrREsPOnsiBlE TAkE tO CaLL laMAR GoOD
well passing volume has increased immensely compared to 100 years ago (don't think football existed but you get it). So those rankings are misleading.  But I don't think Baker is bad. Also hesitant to call him good just yet
He doesn’t understand that you can run the ball
"LMFAO. The mental Gymnastics this guy is doing makes him look like Simone Biles 

If you're saying that Ingram and Dobbins is the most efficient RB tandem, you're literally a lost cause. Ingram has literally played one snap since the Browns game. And the Browns have Nick fucking Chubb and Kareem Hunt. Our backs are just used a lot in our offensive scheme, cause we're a run first offense. Big surprise. 

I would commit a felony to have the WR talent that Baker has. 

We can all agree that Baker may be the better passer. But Lamar is 1000% the better QB. It is not even a question."
"I love how he tried to use the ravens losing the patriots as excuse for us sucking after they just lost to the jets. 

Just a refresher for those that forgot. 

In the patriots game the ravens did not have Campbell or William's, nearly 800 pounds of the heart of the dline. Derek Wolfe also missed part of the game on a small injury but came back. The Pat's ran up the gut to take advantage of that lack of defensive players. On top of that, that game was played in a shit storm of rain. That was the worst rain game weather I've seen the ravens play in in a long time. Matt Skura also launched the ball on crucial 3rd down plays and that was what lost us that game. 

The Browns only excuse against the jets was that they had 3 practice receivers. But on the flip side they have the best running back do statistically in the league. And they lost to a worse team than the patriots, in significantly better weather, and their prize fighting QB is the reason they lost because he fumbled 3 times, including on their last chance to win drive. 

So to sit there and pretend like Baker Mayfield's could hold a candle to lamar is obscene and stupid. They just like to shit on lemar because hes consistant better than the browns."
Maybe if Mayfield wasn't so comitted to playing in commercials then maybe he would play better on the field
"He's comparing 100 years of QBs. It's disingenuous to compare the stats of anyone playing today to what Sammy Baugh, Y.A. Tittle, Otto Graham, or Norm Van Brocklin did decades ago. Hell, it's bad to compare QB stats today to what Steve Young and Brett Favre were doing in the 90s."
Dude is an absolute moron salty browns fan. The fact of the matter is they will go 1 n done in the playoffs or choke against a resting Steelers team.
[deleted]
""
Love this team so much
"On the one hand, love to see it.

On the other, wear a damn mask Matthew!"
""
"Its absolutely coincidence and there is zero correlation. No way shape or form does anything the team or us fans did in 2012 have any impact on this season.

..also, I'm going to wear my lucky unwashed underwear from our 2012 SB season on gameday to ensure our win."
Ironically this team reminds everyone of the 2012 ravens and not so much the 2000 team which is the 20th anniversary.
"We need to get Suggs in,  only for him to tell the world that it will be his last ride! That worked wonders as well last time."
I keep believing our defense will gel in the playoffs.
"I swear people will be like ""It was 38 degrees and partly cloudly in Week 17 of 2012. Guess what the weather is this weekend? 38 degrees and partly cloudy. SB confirmed"""
Did this guy not watch football during 2012? The ravens limped into the playoffs losing 4 of their last 5 games of the regular season lmao. This years ravens team could not be anymore different than that years team lol
History repeats itself
"I would love for this to be true but until I see this team perform like that in the playoffs, I will be at best be cautiously optimistic. Whether it's the coaching staff playing to the strengths of the players or the players firing on all cylinders, they have to be different this playoff run."
"Doesn't really mean anything. If anything the pattern I'm more noticing (still positive) is the 2011/2012 dynamic, where a year after a dominant Ravens squad got bounced from the playoffs in disappointing fashion, they got hot after basically the same roster with a couple of tweaks underperformed.

Will it have the same ending? Odds say probably not, but then, at this point in 2012/2013 I didn't think it was our year yet, so who knows. That's the fun of the playoffs."
More like the Steelers than Ravens.
"Is no one going to comment on their schedule? Cowboys, Jaguars, Browns, and Giants in these games, and now the Bengals coming up.  This is the weakest stretch of games in the entire NFL.

I love the team and what they are doing right now, but if you think they're going to dominate Pittsburgh, IN Pittsburgh in the first round of the playoffs...you're delusional."
""
If harbaugh wins another Superbowl is he a HOFer?
Remember in 2018 when fans were saying they wanted him gone? Lmao.
Compare that to someone like Bruce Arians who “always tells you what he’s thinking.”
i appreciate everyday that we have one of the best coaches ever leading our team
"And the best part of this, is just picking out the grass in his helmet while talking to him. Harbs really has become a hell of a leader for the team."
This applies to children as well
I know he’s a huge reason players want to come to Baltimore.
I'm so glad that Harbaugh was the choice. Look at what the franchise has done under his coaching and staff since he came on board. I know Ozzie had a big part too but you just can't take away John's accomplishments.
"meanwhile in r/Ravens every sunday:
""fIRe hArBaUgH"""
Aww that warmed my heart. Thanks for sharing!
Proud to support this team
"Wow that Twitter thread was... Unexpected.

People on Twitter always seem to be ripping Harbaugh as a crybaby but those fans of other teams were all being respectful and saying he's a great coach. I love to see it."
Hasn't harbaugh been pretty notorious about dog housing guys for fumbling? Cool moment anyways though JK is the truth
I cannot believe people wanted him fired after our losses this year. He has such a great relationship with so many players and most importantly Lamar.
"
Harbaugh describing his coaching philosophy some time back: 

https://twitter.com/TheCoachJournal/status/1211832887068315649


Glad to see him sticking by it."
Seriously one of the best coaches in the league... I mean he’s even picking the turf from JK’s helmet in a coaching moment.
I fucking love Harbaugh. Damn I wanna see him win another one
Well he has been here  for 12 seasons so....i can imagine Harbaugh wouldnt resort to shouting at players  since that wont achieve much.
"I remember heated debates with people about Harbs onthe  baltimoreravens[.com](https://BR.com) forums. Some felt because of his special teams background, he wasn't fit to be a HC. 

X and Os are obviously important but moments like these are what make a coach as well. Trusting players, especially young ones, is invaluable."
"Not to throw any shade here (I like John Harbaugh and the Ravens).

What would your thoughts be if that was Lee Evans after dropping a winning TD pass to go to the Superbowl?  

I mean Dallas Fans still talk about Jackie Smith dropping a TD pass in the endzone, which Dallas settled for a Fieldgoal and lost the SB 13 35-31.   Yes, most Football fans were not even alive when this happened."
This just in: “Football coach does his job.” More at 11...
""
"He believes in his guys so hard that it’s also his Achilles Heel when it comes to hanging on to a coach or coordinator a little too long. 

Harbaugh always seems to see his team for what they can be at their best."
which game was this
[deleted]
Can’t afford him
"If he gets released then great, take a look. As a trade option he's a no-go, we can't take on a contract that big right now, not for a guy his age"
"Nope.

This isn’t the old Julio this is just an old Julio. 

Hard pass"
No thank you
For some reason these answers don’t necessarily match what this subs says when it’s 3rd and 8 and our 5’9 WR1 can’t get any separation.
Just what we need another older receiver in the twilight of his career.
"My thoughts are this is probably why ""Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard"" came up in my Youtube suggested videos.

On a serious note, I'm not interested in giving up serious assets and/or paying big money to an over-30 wide receiver."
"Not interested. His glory days are behind him. 

If I want a veteran I want a guy whose played for just about 6 years. 27-28 years old. Established as a stand WR1. Can catch a ball. Can teach the younger guys.

But still has a good 3 to 4 year window where his health is still in solid shape. Julio has injury problems. Hes not as fast off his release as he once was, and this season his best plays come when the defense focused 2 guys on Ridley. Because make no mistake Ridley is the guy in Atlanta now. Hes the leader in the corp. Julio is a great intuitive team player. He makes a lot of good blocks and commands enough respect from a defense to draw constant attention. But hes not the big yards reciever he once was. 

I think this year statistically was his worst. 3 td and less than 800 yards. His glory days are gone. Now hes just picking up whatever else he can to solidify his status among the best with whatever extra yards and points he can get. But we need someone in the middle of their power stride who has more juice to carry us.."
"For the price it would cost you need more of a sure thing, especially from a health stand point"
"As someone who keeps drafting him in fantasy like a dummy, he's amazing the 4 games he'll play"
Is it for the sound of Dez-the X or is it becouse it's name is literally ten in Portuguese/spanish and it's X in Roman Notation?
I just looked it out. Coming from Dez himself. “ to X out the negative”
Back in the day he got fined for it because The NFL thought it was gang related which is ridiculous. So now I think he just does it out of spite but not sure what started it
It means X in Greg Roman Notation
Happy New Year. Love you Raven nation and stay safe!
There's a silent X at the beginning of Xdez
I interpreted it as a “denied” motion to the defense. Like they failed to stop him
I always assumed it had something to do with the Black Panther movie.
"I charted all QB's with 100 dropbacks since after week 12. Lamar is [5th in Completion Percentage Above Expected and 2nd in Expected Points Added Per Play](https://imgur.com/a/VHYGRNb). He has been on fire and one of the best Qb's in this span.

Edit: [Adjusted for Opponent stats, still fifth in CPOE but 3rd in EPA/play](https://imgur.com/a/BZ4LahI)"
Since he came back from those cramps against the Browns he has been on fire.
mahomes on fraud watch /s
A little bit of explanation for these stats. Completion Percentage Above Expected is the difference between Lamar Jackson's Completion Percentage and the Completion Percentage he was expected to have. This indicates Lamar's ability to make difficult throws. Expected Points Added Per Play calculates the amount of points Lamar adds for the team over what was expected on each of his run/pass plays. When Lamar has the ball you can expect good things to happen.
More of a Texans topic but: https://imgur.com/a/W4lr477
Roethlisberger being where he is on this chart makes me believe the validity of the data that much more.
Covid gave him superpowers
""
[deleted]
I love watching these vids.  Im glad there have been a few on the Ravens in the last 2 seasons!  Keep it up man!
"Oh man, that username... I remember you from *way* back in the day, when Kubiak's run game in Houston was unstoppable. Damn right I'm going to watch this. Pump it directly into my veins."
I want that fuckin hoodie.
"Long-time fan of your work. This was awesome.

I am obsessed how the fan perception of Greg Roman just constantly flips between fraud and genius depending on how well the team is doing."
This is the kind of educational programming that I love. Really well done.
"Thanks for the great content, Brett! Been trying to get more active while stuck inside due to COVID and your videos have been perfect to run and watch at the same time! Been on a huge Film Room binge this year lol

Also ngl completely football unrelated, your last few videos have made me want to start getting into whiskey"
Brett can i give you an vid idea?
Off topic but Does anyone know the song played in the intro?
I'm a newer football fan and these videos have really helped me understand the game better.
Ngl I hope “Roman Army” sticks as a nickname. Jives well with our historical Festivus Maximus
I really hope Lamar learned some shit through his early season woes. Especially during that first Steelers game where he threw absolute terrible picks and proceeded to laugh it off like we were up by 50 when in reality it was his 2nd pick and we were down a score. I pray we face them Steelers so we get our revenge
Great video
[removed]
Brett is a great follow on Twitter as well. Really recommend his stuff.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I wish all Browns players who tested positive a speedy recovery.

As for Cleveland fans, go fuck yourselves. Worse fan base ever."
"Don’t throw stones from glass houses, it’s what their fanbase deserves for blaming a pandemic on football players and football coaches. No one gave a shit that we had to play without our entire team vs the Steelers and multiple short weeks afterwards, cry me a river"
Wow this is entirely the Ravens fault
"I want them to lose and somehow miss the playoffs so we can laugh at them, but not like this"
Somehow the Browns are going to go into the Steelers game in a worse shape than the team that is literally benching their starters.
Hope for a speedy recovery
"Honest question, how is the NFL going to respond to a team having an outbreak in the playoffs?"
They are crying right now that Ward is out too. Saw someone write that Peters’ spit caused it lol.
Hopefully the NFL cancels this game and expands the playoffs. I know it would be nice to see Cleveland not make the playoffs but I would just love to not have to worrying about losing to Cincinnati in a crucial week 17 matchup.
""
I just watched it. I would like to see a video with our pass plays and the design of the WR's routes. If Greg Roman could design pass plays as good as he designs run plays he'll be the best offensive mind in the nfl
It’s a 20 minute video but it is really in depth. If we can keep this up we will be so hard to play in the playoffs.
This offense is a wet dream for anyone who loves the run game. This is a zag in the land of zigs. Hopefully it works in January!
"You know at times I get the Roman hate. In tough games early season he did abandon the run game to quickly. 

But given the fact that weve been using a patchwork oline all season, to be the top running offense is pretty awesome. Hes done a good job with the tools hes had. And I'm just happy they finally gave Dobbins that starters nod. Because he is factually our best running back."
"Okay, one thing about this video is that Kollman says Lamar isn't making a read on Counter Bash. Ted Nguyen at The Athletic broke this play down a few weeks ago and said he is. It seems hard to believe that Lamar wouldn't be making a read on this. But I admit it doesn't look like he's reading anything, he's head is straight ahead the whole time.

[https://theathletic.com/2256205/2020/12/15/ravens-lamar-jackson-run-concept-counter-bash/](https://theathletic.com/2256205/2020/12/15/ravens-lamar-jackson-run-concept-counter-bash/)"
Every time I watch breakdown videos I literally don't know how we don't get 6+ yards EVERY run.
"This just shows how this offense relies on Lamar for most of its concepts, the entire offense is built around his skillset"
*Literally* already posted an hour before you did. Ffs is it really that hard to sort by new and make sure you’re not reposting?
""
[deleted]
""
If only we had gotten this man.
[deleted]
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/knt54u)"
I think it would be the most browns thing ever to lose to the jets and mason rudolf in back to back weeks
The browns dont deserve to be in the playoffs until Art Modell is in the Hall of fame
"I want an AFCN AFCCG, but I also like watching division rivals go up in Flames."
"So yeah... I voted for the wrong option.

If we play the Browns in the playoffs, then that means one of two things.

Either we're in the AFCCG and the Bills and Chiefs are eliminated.

Or we're hosting a home game in the divisional round and the Bills have been eliminated. (Since any match-up between the Ravens and Browns in the Divisional round would be guaranteed that the Ravens are the #5 and Browns #6 seed)

So yes... I'd rather play the Browns in the playoffs than have them miss the playoffs."
Much funnier for them to blow it considering all the hype and they’d loose to the Jets and Mason Rudolf to end the season
"Idk why but I have a feeling if the browns sneak in and win their first game, that they may have a shot to beat down KC. KC weakness is a good running team with a good pass rush. If the Brownies take down KC then we can smash them in Baltimore for the AFC trophy."
Fans would still be happy they made it to the playoffs. Completely destroying their dreams of making it with a loss to the steelers feels better. You can bet I will be lurking in their reddit if they miss the playoffs
"Having the Browns blow it and miss the playoffs would have a negative long term effect on the franchise. Since their return to the league in 1999, the Browns have one post season appearance and lost in the first round. They would wonder if they will ever make the playoffs again, let alone win a playoff game. Their window of opportunity will start to close as their high draft picks rookie contracts expire as they seek big $ in free agency and push the limits of their salary cap.

On the other hand, a playoff appearance and playoff wins (necessary to play the Ravens) would allow them to consider this season a success and something to build off of next year."
Playing the browns for the third time makes me a sweaty boi. Divisional games are so much sketchier than catching another team by surprise.
"Honestly? I want them in as a lower seed to possibly take down KC. I think they have a shot at it. They'd have to score like 45 points, but it's possible."
""
Needs more O’s!
Awesome collection and nook! Nothing screams Baltimore rowhome basement more than wooden paneling and drop ceiling (I grew up in one and my wife won't let me recreate the look in our basement)
That’s awesome
""
"Okay, now let's get Jimmy another ring!"
Good. Hopefully he retires in Baltimore.
"When healthy, Baltimore has the best secondary in the league. Don't @ me."
We need to inject this man with some magic stem cells or something. One of the best man to man CBs in the game when healthy
"Jimmy Smith is a great Raven who plays great when healthy. Yea, he’s hurt A LOT, but it’s not like he’s choosing to be hurt. I’m sure he’s frustrated like we are, more so. He’s a person first, I think fans get locked into a “what have you done for me” logic with players sometimes. I’m personally glad to see a class act, good player continue his career with us."
I'm wondering if he pulled a muscle when he signed the contract. Tired of seeing him constantly hurt. And now we waste more money on him.
""
Ravens Legend Jimmy Smith
"Injuries aside, this man is the most loyal raven! Hope he retires in the purple and black."
I respect how loyal the Ravens are to Jimmy. I remember a couple years ago we all thought it was a done deal to cut Jimmy to save $9m in cap
He’s a beast but the injuries man. Ruined a pro-bowl career.
Ravens to Jimmy Smith: I just can’t quit you
If Jimmy or Tavon can just stay healthy to fill the #3 spot behind Humphrey and Peters it’d be great
"Jimmy is a really good dude. I remember 3 or 4 years back when I was waiting tables, he came over to a party of old ladies and asked if they were ravens fans. They all said yes, even though I don’t think they knew who he was...he bought the entire table shots.

I’d hate to see him in anything but purple and black"
I'm happy to keep him around. I hope he stays a raven for his entire career.
"Reading the breakdown of this deal, this is an incredibly team friendly deal."
Surprised honestly thought they would move on with him getting older and injuries getting worse and worse
"They’ve found a really good role for Jimmy as he progresses in age. With Marlon’s inside/outside versatility, they bring Jimmy in on nickel packages to play against the offenses big body receivers or tight ends. He’s been great in that role this year. Good deal"
Awesome. Just need him healthy come playoff time
MY KING!
I would rather have Jimmy Smith for 8 games because of injuries than a worse CB for 17 games
When he's on the field our defense is noticeably better and I think when its all said and done he's a strong ROH candidate - he isn't what he once was but he's gotta be one the top CB3s in the whole league.
"Just to add some insight, when talking about Haskins, it was Marcellus Wiley who said the jags kept him around for two years to not do much but mentor and be leader because he was a great guy despite the injury concerns and age. I imagine it’s very much the same thing with Jimmy, especially when his red flags in college were behavioral issues.

Not to mention when he is healthy he can still be a great third corner, and even play some safety."
FUCK YESSSSS 🔥
"This makes me surprisingly happy. Even with as good as some of our new guys are, Jimmy Smith is one of my favorite active Ravens, if not my fav."
Hopefully it's prorated. Getting a full season from Jimmy is always a challenge.
Jimmy has been the glue of our defense for at least the last 6 years. No matter how stacked we are in the secondary we ALWAYS play better when Jimmy is out there
Worth the money even with the fact that you know he is going to miss a few games a year.  Jimmy Smith is having a great year.
I love jimmy i love jimmy i love jimmy
"FYI it’s a $500K signing bonus. $2 million in base salary that is fully guaranteed, $2.5 million in playtime incentives, all considered unlikely to be earned, making it more cap friendly.

[Schefter Source](https://twitter.com/adamschefter/status/1344700106247909377?s=21)"
I like it. It’ll probably be Jimmy’s last big check. Hope he retires a Raven
Beast man hope he retires a Raven 🤞
"real glad to have him back next year. it’s amazing how no matter how many changes there are on defense, any time jimmy’s not out there it’s a noticeable performance drop off"
"Last time he hit free agency he said he got better deals elsewhere but he wanted to stay in Baltimore. This is also a team friendly deal, but it sounds like he still gets $2.5M guaranteed. Sounds like win-win."
"Jimmy is the defensive MVP in a real way actually...the difference between him and his replacements is GLARING. Top ten defense with him, give up 80 yard plus drives in 45 seconds without."
Wait what? Thia is the same exact deal he got in the summer thought I was tripping
IMO an odd move and especially at this time ... just seems random. But a healthy jimmy is still a great option at cb and potentially safety
I'm cool with it. Super physical and a top corner when he's healthy. Injury prone but it's for a relatively cheap price.
Pog
YES
"I feel so fortunate to be able to support this team. The front office is smart and makes great decisions. The owner is hands off and doesn’t meddle. The coaches are well respected and the players love them. 
I love this team so much. When I hear about a deal like this I feel so lucky to have the Ravens."
"Next year, I wouldn't even start playing him until later in the season lol. Keep him fresh for the playoffs."
"Jimmy is still really solid especially as the de facto 3rd corner on the team. Aging well and is versatile. Knows the scheme, plays like a Raven. We know we’ll have to deal with his yearly few game absences with nagging injuries, but thrilled to have him back for another year."
One more year for Jimmy! So happy.
This news makes me happy. I really like Jimmy Smith. He's had injury issues which is probably the reason he isn't paid more or going to the hall - but he always had the tools to be an elite CB. Happy for you Jimmy.
Great player at a great price! Happy to keep him around.
"Love it. His jersey is my ""old faithful"", probably has the most mileage for me on Sundays."
Love it
He’s a great third corner. Especially with his flexibility to play safety.  Good deal. Hope he keeps staying
They should pay him per game. He'll sit on the bench most of next season hurt
"Reminds me of Webb’s career trajectory. Maybe more valuable to Ravens than other teams, good deal for both sides!"
Dat a boy Jimmy
LETS GOOOOO JIMMY GREATEST
"Very nice. Hopefully he can stay healthy, or this is the last contract hes getting"
"Not thrilled about it. 

He's part of the reason the secondary every year seems like it's torn apart by injuries.  He hasn't played more then 12 games since 2015, and has only played a full season 2 times in 10 years. Can't be relied on.

I'm not sure who's going to be out there in FA, but I would rather them pick up someone who's a little more dependable at this point. I doubt he's getting any healthier unfortunately."
"Wow what a colossal waste of money on Jimmy ""Fragile as a Porcelain Statue"" Smith. 

seriously, you've got to be fucking kidding me."
"I want to hear who and why you think they would improve our squad.

For me, its either jacoby jones, or yanda"
Ed Reed.
"For this particular 2020 team, in order: Reed, Ogden, Suggs, Boldin, Ray"
Suggs
Current player?  Darren Waller or Zadarius.
Ed and either Steve smith Sr or boldin
"In order: Reed, Suggs, Boulware, Ngata, SSSr, Heap

Or TO (over SSSr) if you count a contract dispute"
"Wtf has this sub become? There is only one correct answer to this question:

Buck Allen."
Ed Reed and it isn't even close
Another vote for Ed Reed. Game changer and a need.
Ed Reed/Ray Lewis. Boldin/Rice with Jackson would be overkill.
"Prime Terrell Suggs. The Ravens biggest issue has been a lack of a pass rush. I would say Ed Reed, but our safeties have been average at best while our pass rush is often non existent."
Steve Smith Sr.
Ray Lewis
"The obvious choice is Ed Reed. He would free up the defense to have a lot more exotic blitzes and looks. 

Other contenders:

Anquan Boldin: tough catches over the middle and he was a fairly decent blocker in the running game

Trevor Pryce: one of the most underrated defensive linemen of the past 25 years. Could both rush the passer and stop the run. 

Chris McAlister: can you imagine having another physical corner in this secondary?

Jonathan Ogden: fills the void left by the injured Stanley, allows you to move Zeus back to RT.

Adalius Thomas: for a lot of the same reasons as Ed Reed. Versatile player, you could line him up pretty much anywhere on defense and give some really exotic looks.

Todd Heap: pretty much ushered in the era of TE who were their team's primary receiving target. It would be like having two Mark Andrews on the field. Matchup nightmare."
I'd go with Boldin. One of my all time favorite receivers. I'm glad we gave him the superbowl ring he deserved.
Nick Boyle
"If it's prime health and age, Ogden. We immediately have the best line in the league and 250+ rush yards a game becomes the norm, not the high watermark. Add in Lamars scrambling ability and pocket awareness and we probably don't take so much as a QB hit on his side all season.

If it's current health and age? Juszczyk. Dude is slyly carrying the 49ers this year, and G-Ro would put him everywhere."
Ed.
"A pass rusher to strike fear in the opponents like we used to. Bring back Suggs or Zadarius. DBs can hold it for a bit and adding a pass rush into the mix would be crazy since they can’t get pressure consistently against better teams. 

Our beloved Anquan boldin would be great to have. It’d be good for Lamar to have a possession receiver in Boldin. Gives mark andrews to sneak away or opportunities for Hollywood to fly past the secondary. Though I kinda feel like dez can be that possession receiver. Or even Darren Waller, feel like Lamar could be balling out with Waller."
"For me it’s Suggs, but low key I’d LOVE to see Michael McCrary and his unstoppable motor out there rn."
"Ray Lewis, and honestly it says it all that only a few have said him so far, it really is 2020"
Anquan Boldin Hands down
[removed]
Source: https://www.nfl.com/news/ravens-cb-jimmy-smith-agree-to-one-year-deal-worth-up-to-5m
""
"great effort, lil feedback - remove the eye of the bird logo, or don't use the MD flag over the Raven. One or the other would be best IMO."
Nice
"Actually, its spelled Blertimore"
Jackzilla
I swear it looks like a parrot! I think the beak is wrong.
"I love it, especially since the uniform combo chosen is my favorite — and the Ravens have won six straight in said attire (went undefeated in 2019 & now again in 2020 thus far) to increase their all-time record in them to 7–2!

However, just a bit of constructive criticism: the best choice for defender would have been Marlon 'Fruit Punch(-Free)' Humphrey! He even had the ball in his hands on a fumble recovery returned for touchdown during that same game @ Seattle last season!

That way, the consensus best player from each unit would be present — well, sans Special Teams top guy, 'Optimus Nine' aka 'AutomaTUCK' aka 'The GOAT', Justin Tucker! Here's an equation to keep in mind for future reference: 'LaMarlon' (4 + 4 = 8) > 'LaMarcus' (2 x 4 = 8).

Additional suggestions: Maybe make the black portion of the 'Baltimore' wordmark purple instead. Of course, those gold drop-shadows/highlights/outlines should remain...""Purple/PurPoe/Purp-BAL/**Purp-Gold** Haze/Rain/Reign"" baybeh!

Also, how about better tying in the flag pattern on the primary logo by utilizing Ravens-themed color coordination rather than Maryland hues? Granted, the 'Coat-of-ArmShield' does contain those tints/shades — albeit, not featured nearly as prominently upon the jerseys in comparison to this flag-laden bird emblem.

Actually, Head Coach 'Harbs' was recently wearing a neck gaiter that is a prime example of what I am referencing. Hence, here is a picture of two different pandemic masks displaying what I mean:

[Baltimore Ravens Themed Maryland Flag Pattern Masks](https://64.media.tumblr.com/6de9d0ca2694a41551602166182ee415/423e170f8abd06a9-76/s1280x1920/cd252703249839860f8eaf5d5dde9d1d5d22ff2f.png)

Nonetheless,  [u/FalloutFPS](https://www.reddit.com/user/FalloutFPS/), if you just left everything as is, it is still a masterpiece! Thus, please don't take any of the above as knocking your creative work whatsoever! I merely intended to pensively ponder possible/plausible/*Poe*tential improvements by way of requested extras!

This is particularly considering the fact that I lack any form of graphic skills necessary to make such ideas come to fruition. LOL! No doubt, though, this is an excellent job on your part all around!"
""
Looool looks better than Lamar in madden 21
“I think striker. Exceptional athlete. Exceptional ability to make you miss. Exceptional acceleration. Exceptional instinct with the ball at his feet” - Bill Polian
I need some context on this picture. Like WTF 😂
"As an Atletico de Madrid fan, 2021 suddenly looks worse than 2020"
Wtf
Your title makes me feel like I had too much coffee.
Damn I thought the Padres were going to get him
What are his stats
""
"EDC you sly son of a bitch, you did it again!"
"Okay, didn't expect to see the deal being that team friendly. Kudos to EDC and to Jimmy for clearly wanting to stay."
Amazing deal.
EDC is my hero
This brings us a lot of flexibility in the secondary for 2021. Love this deal.
"EDC: I'll give you 2.5M now and 2.5M more if you play in all 16 games.

Jimmy: 2.5M it is."
"Schefter rephrased his Tweet, new one here: 

[https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/status/1344700106247909377](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/status/1344700106247909377)"
2.5 for Jimmy for a season/half season is such a good deal. One of my favourite Ravens ever here’s hoping he retires a raven.
"Jimmy Smith deal: $500K to sign. $2 million in base salary, $2.5 million in playtime incentives, all considered unlikely to be earned, making it more cap friendly. 

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Scheftey taking shots (unlikely to be earned) at Jimmy 😂
Unlikely to be earned incentives would be pushed off to hit the 2021 salary cap if they were hit.
"Jimmy could’ve gotten a better deal but took this one cuz he wanted to stay. Says a lot about him, big respect to Jimmy. He took this deal and put the team first, that’s a Raven."
"It makes sense to be team friendly, most other organizations would of moved on, but we realize how important he is when healthy. Great for both parties as we get a top 20 DB when healthy and he gets job security when hurt."
Can never have too many corners.
I've had this Ed Reed jersey for like 12 years now and the numbers have started to peel off the past couple years. It's my favorite jersey and is sentimental because it was my first and it's my official gameday jersey. Just wondering if there's a way to fix the numbers? I looked it up and it says to iron on a new sticker but don't know where to find the stickers in the right font. Has anybody had experience with this? Would love any advice or help on how to return this jersey to it's former glory. Thanks in advance!
"So interesting timing, as I was in the same boat with the numbers on my 10-year old Willis McGahee jersey. Last week, I bought some white fabric paint and placed some cardboard under the jersey, and several coats later it's looking much better IMO

[Before] (https://imgur.com/Za3yzMJ.jpg)

[After](https://imgur.com/PFFQ2gh.jpg)

If you have that style of jersey, I would highly recommend it"
"save up and just buy a Nike Gameday Jersey that's hand stitched. It might be sentimental, but it happens eventually. You're most likely not going to find the Ravens font anywhere."
"Piggybacking, anyone know how to make my rice jersey into a dobbins jersey?"
"Just found this website looks like it might work I'm gonna try to order a Reed 20 and see how it matches up 


https://irononsticker.net/custom-nfl-jersey-number-letter-kits-baltimore-ravens-c-2094_1531_1534.html"
""
Do we know if he'll be ready this week/playoffs?
"Awesome!  And I love Harbaugh. Look at him, he is so happy for his guys."
SE QUEDA
defense stats with/without Jimmy are ridiculous the guy has a crazy impact on the game
Now we just need him to play
""
Haha that’s great
Quality content.
https://twitter.com/dotsncuts/status/1344314145039147011?s=21
I see what you did there.
"Let me first identify myself as a Steelers fan, yes yes I know we have plenty of rotten behavior in our history. We can list them and I’m not going to defend any of it, bad is bad so I will not bend myself into a pretzel defending any of it. That being said this whole incident stinks, absolutely nothing was reported as far as a racial slur for almost two weeks then out of the blue Myles announced it. Now Mason Rudolph in my very humble opinion is a frigging jar head typical jock who probably has been an entitled creep his whole life but he’s an absolute nobody in the league and Myles is a talent that was on national television swinging his helmet at said jarhead. It’s just really fishy, and if it is true Rudolph deserves to have his ass beat but if Miles is indeed lying about it well that’s pretty despicable. Good luck this year dirty birds, it’s a fun rivalry end the couple times I’ve been to Baltimore for football games I’ve been treated well so respect."
Who’s the racist
"My thoughts always have been that, aren’t players mic’d up? I feel like someone’s would have picked it up, but yea dude just snapped outta nowhere, so I want think something was said? 🤷🏾‍♂️"
I mean personally I hope the Mason Rudolph beat the browns and Garrett goes in the warpath again. We need a good week 17 fight.
"No Myles Garett is the real piece of garbage who is getting away with one of the biggest trash plays in NFL history. None of his teammates could corroborate his story, and he didn’t even come out with his story until a few days later, he tried to cover up a real bad incident taking advantage of a societal shield he would receive based on a trending theme in social discourse."
Let's not give Myles Garrett's lie the credence this meme brings.
Holy shit haha
"Man as much as I want to believe these two guys are the pieces of shit they’re said to be, there’s no actual evidence of it and it makes ANYONE look bad calling out someone for something they don’t actually know to be true"
Nice a violent asshole can call you a racist to try and justify his inexcusable violence and become the victim and everyone just goes along with it with no proof.
This is very good.
[removed]
LMAO
P
Wow.... Just wow
Start Ben
😂
Wow! Well done
[deleted]
"Haha, this is good"
[deleted]
Sunday I hope Garrett gets a sack on the racist reindeer and they have to get a crane to pull him up out of the sod.
"I mean it is not important, the Steelers won the AFC North and the ravens not, nothing against the ravens but the Steelers won both games against the ravens, the ravens are pretty bad, so don’t Make stupid jokes about the Steelers"
Too bad neither happened. Hope to God we get beat your ass 3 times in one year like we did in 08'
"**NFLPA president JC Tretter (a Cleveland Brown) seeks end of minicamps, OTAs**

[https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/\_/id/30629360/nflpa-president-jc-tretter-seeks-end-minicamps-otas](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/30629360/nflpa-president-jc-tretter-seeks-end-minicamps-otas)

>NFL Players Association president [JC Tretter](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/16001/jc-tretter) is calling for the elimination of offseason practices, including minicamp and organized team activities.  
>  
>""I  believe the changes implemented this season have demonstrated that we  can put an entertaining product out on the field while further reducing  wear and tear on our players' bodies,"" the [Cleveland Browns](https://www.espn.com/nfl/team/_/name/cle/cleveland-browns) center wrote in a [newsletter released Thursday](https://nflpa.com/posts/how-2020-will-shape-future-nfl-seasons). ""There is no reason for us to ever return to the previous offseason program.""

I have to agree with JC Tretter that having no minicamps and OTAs (along with no preseason games) this season lead to a very entertaining opening week game when the Ravens beat the Browns 38-6 ;-)

JC Tretter is also calling for the elimination of artificial turf fields to reduce the risk of injury to players. 

**NFLPA president JC Tretter calls for all teams to use grass fields**

[https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/\_/id/30009274/nflpa-president-jc-tretter-calls-all-teams-use-grass-fields](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/30009274/nflpa-president-jc-tretter-calls-all-teams-use-grass-fields)

> Tretter also advocated for a better regimen for surface testing, noting  that the Clegg Impact Tester ([https://www.turf-tec.com/Clegg.html](https://www.turf-tec.com/Clegg.html)) presently used by the league measures  hardness of a surface, ""but not for performance and safety."" 

That's an interesting position to take considering the way the Ravens players were slipping (and risking injury) on the grass field in Cleveland this year. 

This testing should apply to both grass and artificial turf fields. The test results should be provided to both the home and visiting teams so they can wear the proper cleats for that surface,"
"[NFLPA president JC Tretter (a Cleveland Brown) seeks end of minicamps, OTAs](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/30629360/nflpa-president-jc-tretter-seeks-end-minicamps-otas)

>NFL Players Association president JC Tretter is calling for the elimination of offseason practices, including minicamp and organized team activities.  
>  
>""I believe the changes implemented this season have demonstrated that we can put an entertaining product out on the field while further reducing wear and tear on our players' bodies,"" the Cleveland Browns center wrote in a newsletter released Thursday. ""There is no reason for us to ever return to the previous offseason program.""

I have to agree with JC Tretter that having no minicamps and OTAs (along with no preseason games) this season lead to a very entertaining opening week game when the Ravens beat the Browns 38-6 ;-)

JC Tretter is also calling for the elimination of artificial turf fields to reduce the risk of injury to players.

[NFLPA president JC Tretter calls for all teams to use grass fields](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/30009274/nflpa-president-jc-tretter-calls-all-teams-use-grass-fields)

>Tretter also advocated for a better regimen for surface testing, noting that the [Clegg Impact Tester](https://www.turf-tec.com/Clegg.html) presently used by the league measures hardness of a surface, ""but not for performance and safety.""

That's an interesting position to take considering the way the Ravens players were slipping (and risking injury) on the grass field in Cleveland this year.

This testing should apply to both grass and artificial turf fields. The test results should be provided to both the home and away teams so they can wear the proper cleats for that surface,"
"Ravens were slipping and falling cause they were wearing the wrong kind of cleats. That’s on the equipment guy. If everyone was playing on grass fields, it wouldn’t matter anymore."
I've never been a big fan of preseason anyways. I'm excited for the 17 game regular season and expanded playoffs I think those have been two great moves by the NFL both financially and for enjoyment of the fans. But to eliminate some of those off-season programs could have a negative impact as well. I think a big part of the injuries this year could have to do with lack of off-season training. Wether or not it was an entertaining season I think it's more important to limit the injuries to the players and by coming into the season in good shape and conditioned to hits is important. Even fighters condition there bodies to take hits for years. Football players didn't have that same conditioning this year and I think it showed with the injuries. Glad we are moving away from turf where possible also. Should be good for the sport overall. Plus who doesn't love the sight of Ben Roethlisberger picking grass out of his teeth after getting drilled by a Raven?
Turf field is dumb. I understand for indoor stadiums but any outside stadium should have natural grass
"Aren't mini camps and OTAs great for players to get into shape? I'd imagine the odds of injuries at the start of the season are much higher when players are not in condition and get pushed to the max all of a sudden.

I feel a shorter preseason of 1-2 games is fine but canceling it all together would mean UDFAs and even some late round draft picks will find it next to impossible to make the team or show other teams what they could do. The NFLPA should consider them as well instead of just those are already playing in the league and relatively more secure w.r.t. job security."
Do you think he’ll play against the bengals and fingers crossed in the playoffs?
"Cutting him creates $5m in cap space.  He’s certainly done in Baltimore.  And if I’m Ingram, I would look at the bright side.  A team could be interested next year considering he didn’t have a large workload and still having 4.1 YPC on the year."
I want to keep him man teammates like that are hard to find.
"Probably won't play again but could potentially at least suit up in the playoffs. 

I think we're doing him a favor, if he suffered a bad injury right now it would be career ending for him. He will likely get cut in the off-season and picked up on another deal with a veteran RB needy team."
I could see the Jets offering him a deal if he's cut. I'd like to see him stay though for his mentorship and attitude. It's good for these young running backs to have someone like him in the room
He's done gus and dobbins are much better
"Ingram is def past his prime, great player but it’s normal. Gus & dobbins are better and they’re the core of this offense with Lamar. 

Everyone loves Ingram & his contributions are def valuable, having that older experienced player help younger players goes a long way. They def need to free the cap space, so he’ll almost certainly get cut, but it would be nice if he sticks around as a coach or something. Cutting Ingram is undeniably the right move, we need that money to sign solid players. It’s not a fun decision but it’s time. We’ll always love Ingram and want him to be doing something where he’s happy. Yea he’s past his prime but he’s still a very beloved Raven."
I know Dobbins and Edwards have outperformed him so much this season but I hate to see him go if that’s the case. His energy on the team is immaculate
"> and fingers crossed in the playoffs? 

Why would we want him to play in the playoffs? The other two are miles better at this stage. I'm not against him suiting up, but if JK and Gus are healthy, they better be the ones on the field."
"Tbh he may retire if we win the big game anyways, and he absolutely should be dressed for that game"
"It's gonna hurt a bit but we probably are, I still miss Jacoby. Those smooth moves in the end zone....sigh"
He might have the fresh legs if we call on him.   That could be a boost if the other guys start to fade
He'll be there if Gus or Dob get hurt.  I hope he stays next year for the same reason.
""
"At least this better explains parting with Geno Stone. I'm sure it wasn't easy, but its all business. Need experience heading into the playoffs."
I’m happy about this. Kearse is very experienced and I believe he fills the same role Levine has in the past. He was rated very high by PFF his last year in MIN as well.
Finally a third safety the coaching staff will trust.
I knew this was gonna happen just had to give it time
I heard this guy was good?
Nice
"6’4 Galore, I like it!"
""
[Here is a meme](http://imgur.com/a/zeZoYfi)
Someone already has. I think I actually saw it on the Steelers subreddit but I’m not positive. I would check there and on the browns also. It was definitely one of those 2
""
Nice
Serious question- lions released him and had to clear waivers. So other teams passed. Is it just a blessing he fell to us? Or are there issues that we are not privy to?
"Just curious what’s with all the hype around this guy? Is he really good or are we all just excited for the depth? Haven’t heard of him before the rumor that we cut Stone to sign him

sorry if this sounds ignorant"
""
Not to celebrate any positive tests thats not what this is at all. It is just noticeable that Cleveland and now Miami are going into the week that matters without their starters
I dont think miami game matters for us win or lose
"Our team has proven to not perform at home in the playoffs the last two years.  In both games we were the favorite.  I feel like the away underdog mentality suits us well.  Try something new, see how it plays out this year"
"Who knows yet.  Depends how things play out.  There’s definitely certain teams I would rather play over others.  I never think playing on the road is a better situation than at home, but this season with no fans, I wonder how much it matters to players."
It's not the epic ravens story when there aren't thousands of fans to disappoint in every stadium
"As the #6 seed, the only way the Ravens can host a playoff game this season would be to host the #7 seed in the AFC Championship Game.  That would be a very long shot.

However, the #5 seed can possibly host a game in the Division Round (2nd round) if the 3 wild card seeds all win in the Wild Card Round (1st round). While that is also unlikely, then the #1 seed would host the #7 seed and the #5 seed would host the #6 seed in the Division Round.

Similar possibilities exist with the expanded 7 team per conference playoff format.

If the #2 seed loses in the Wild Card Round, then if the #3 seed wins in the Wild Card Round, they would host a game in the Division Round. However, if the #2 and $3 seeds both lose in the Wild Card Round, then the winner of the #4 seed vs #5 seed in the Wild Card Round would host the #6 seed in the Division Round

With no or limited fans in attendance diminishing the home field advantage and the possibility of teams not having key players available due to COVID-19, anything could happen this season.

In the NFC, the #4 seed NFC East ""Champion"" (its hard to use that word to describe any team in the NFC East this season) will have a losing record and probably be a home  underdog to the #5 seed (currently 10-5 Tampa Bay).

In the AFC, the  current #4 seed Tennessee has the same record (10-5) as the current #5 through #8 seeds, so anything could happen with the eventual #4 vs #5 Wild Card game. Then you have the struggling current #3 seed Steelers that could possibly lose 4 of their last 5 games limping into the playoffs.

Its also possible for a #2, #3 or #4 seed to host 3 playoff games with the expanded playoff format.

I wonder if the Ravens players (and fans) would prefer a full strength #3 seed vs #6 seed rematch at Pittsburgh in the Wild Card Round?"
I’m taking nothing for granted - I’m still very nervous about the Bengals game - but I so much prefer being the underdog than being the juggernaut like we were last year.
"If we had home field again and shit the bed, then I’d say they’ve proven they choke. As it stands now, I’d still rather be at home, and not traveling. 

Something new will make it more interesting than nerve-wracking, though."
"Such a small sample size. The 2018 offense was slapped together halfway through the season. Last year some uncharacteristic mistakes spelled their doom. I'd still take a home game, honestly. But I kinda like the underdog mentality."
"Underdog mentality is what this team needs.

2018 Lamar wasn’t ready, the game was too big for him

2019 the team was smelling their own farts as the greatest

2020 we are scrappy and hungry for the wins. Best place to be"
There’s a scenario where we get the Bills first. I don’t like that matchup at all. This is not the Bills team we faced last season. I’d much rather play the Steelers first
""
Ooh this is my favorite iteration of the Raven!! Awesome job as always
At the end of the year. I’d love to get all 16 games (hoping for more) via link or something. These are always great.
**Friendly Birb VS Grinny Kittah 2 : AFC Norf Boogaloo**
Cincinnati Badgers?
"Now, that is a handsome Raven. His neck feathers look like a scarf ready for winter 😀"
Birds > Cats
"With all of the adversity this year and the team finally finding itself on offense and defense, I’m calling a super bowl victory!! The offense itself had minimal mistakes in the past four victories that have plagued them earlier in the year. I see Dez as a huge factor down the stretch as we continue to excel throughout the rest of regular season and post season play!!"
I belee it
Was thinking of downvoting this post because it’s just so obvious. :  )
"Keep in mind the last four teams have been easier teams to beat, other than the browns. Let's wait till we get in first lol"
Les chill. Still have to take care of business at cinci. One game at a time
Understandable but although we were playing less talented teams earlier in t season we still have obvious issues within our offensive line and execution. That leaves me more hopeful that I was earlier this season.
""
uatu would be happy
""
Y’all notice how quickly Phillips got up to listen? That’s a young man looking to succeed no matter what.
"maybe it's me, maybe it's the team, maybe it's the lack of fans ... these wired are not as good as last year's. 

If Ingram isn't going to play, mic him up from the sidelines and let him do a running commentary"
"That's fo', yo."
"Realistically, is it possible with our cap space and future contracts (Lamar, etc) to sign Allen Robinson this offseason?"
"As much as I want to see Arob with us it might not happen we have other options though like Corey Davis,Marvin Jones etc"
"Realistically, we sign Corey Davis or Marvin Jones."
If we truly wanted to sure. Would they do it?  Nah bc it’ll screw us long term.
"The Ravens can. But at what cost
Not simply in dollar amount, but what will you be willing to sacrifice in resigning to get a free agent WR?"
"Yes, but it's likely Judon, Ngakoue, big-name WR - pick one."
"I think they’ll be in the $34m cap room range when some moves are done (cut Ingram). That will go quick when you consider the needs they’ll have: 

- Replacing Judon: Starting OLBs are not cheap
- Replacing/resigning/tagging Yannick: any option will be expensive 
- Replacing/resigning Wolf and Ward: Madiubukwe seems to be a replacement.  However, the remaining DL needs bolstered.  They cannot depend on a 35 year old Calais and a 32 year old BWill.  
- WR Depth: Snead and Dez are gone.  I think Duverney can step into a bigger role but they absolutely need to make a splash here.  Even a solid WR2 will run around $10m per.  
- OLB Depth: Bowser and McPhee are both pending FAs and both have a fairly large role this season."
"Can we? Yes. Will he sign here, a run first team? Maybe."
"If he's as good as everyone makes him out to be, yes they can, but with sacrifice elsewhere. It could cost not resigning Judon, Ngakoue, Wolfe, and later, keeping Boykin over Hollywood.

On the bright side, Earl Thomas' 10M in dead money clears for 2022.

Back to Robinson, if he's really a beast (read: way above average) at running routes, hauling in contested catches, and never dropping the ball, I'm starting to think the Ravens should seriously consider him. Even at the expense of the front 7."
"He makes $14 million now. We have guys on our team that need payed. I think if we win a Superbowl even just a few playoff games. We will probably look to the draft to find talent. Or find more economical options. Somebody who hasent necessarily made a name for themselves. We still gotta find Cap room for Lamar's extension next year which is likely $42 million or more. Hopefully a 10 year deal too I'm looking forward to seeing the ""Lamar Jackson signs $420 million dollar 10 year contract extension with Baltimore"" news story. However if we are one and done or even miss the playoffs you bet your ass some guys are getting cut, coaches getting fired and it's likely we bring in a guy like Robinson."
"If we are going to sign a big name WR, this is probably the year to do it. Salary cap will shrink for next year and then boom when the tv deal hits. They can definitely fit ARob in, cap is usually not an issue unless you have a lot of draft picks not panning out. We have the opposite. Nick Boyle, Calais and Brandon Williams are FA after 2021 and we save $6M by cutting Tavon Young in 2022. Plenty of space. If A Rob is smart he will look to sign a 2-3 year deal so that he can hit FA again when the salary cap goes up, we could easily facilitate that"
"I think it all comes down to this playoff run. If we do well and get to super bowl or AFC Champ game then no and we are only drafting players. If we don't get far and the bills do, especially with how much diggs impacted josh Allen, look for FO to feel pressure to sign big name. If we do shit and bills do shit - look for us to bring 2nd tier and draft high."
I'm not the smartest with cap and stuff but probably not
Which Top 5 teams do you guys hate the most and which other teams do you not mind?
"Steelers 

Steelers 

Steelers 

Steelers 

Steelers

https://m.imgur.com/CCFiWgF"
Low key the Chiefs are really starting to piss me off backflips into the endzone and all that cocky shit they do.
"Dislike:
1. Steelers
2. Patriots
3. Browns
4. Titans
5. Bengals


Like:
1. Packers"
"Mostly just the Steelers and Titans.

They’re just so fucking arrogant it’s unreal. 

Side note: Davante Adams getting crowned the other night against against TEN, and *not* Henry, made me love the packers even more"
"I’ll do my list
1. Vikings
2.Bears
3. Lions
4. Seahawks
5. Patriots, Cowboys, Steelers and Giants all share that spot.

Other teams I like
Ravens- They are our brothers.
Thats really about it. The rest of the league I don’t mind."
"1. Steelers

2. Browns

3. Titans

4. Colts

5. Bengals"
"Absolutely loathe entirely: 

Steelers  

Patriots

Browns 

Titans 

Bengals 

Don’t feel like I need to explain any of em, pretty obvious reasons. 


They iight’ 

Raiders - best friend is a Raiders fan so I don’t mind seeing them succeed for his sake. 

Packers (would easily be my NFC team if I had one). I just love watching Aaron Rodgers play. Plus they took a SB from the Squeelers. 

Texans - just a lot of players I like on their squad. 

The NY Ravens (Jets) - they’re like Ravens light for the most part."
"1.Steelers 

2.Browns 

3.Titans 

4.Chiefs 

5.Bengals"
"1. Steelers 
2. Browns
3. Titans
4. Patriots 
5. Bengals"
I’m happy we destroyed the Titans. I felt like we got vengeance on them for your playoff loss to them. I mean you guys got revenge on them through us.
"Hate

1. Steelers - no explanation needed.

2. Colts - because baltimore football history demands it.

3. Browns - talk so much, never show anything for it. Like a little cousin that thinks he is 10 years older than he really is.

4. Bengals - honestly I forget about them most of the time. If it wasn't for the years they played dream crusher they wouldn't make the list.
5. Titans- early history and recent history pain in the ass. 

Honorable? Mention

Patriots - even with the tides changing up north the years of bullshit we have all dealt with concerning this group will take a long time to get over.

Fun teams that aren't the Ravens

1. Chiefs - as unfair as this whole thing is turning into it's hard to find a good reason to hate at this point. As a fan of the sport it is fun to watch this team go to work.

2. Packers - A-Rod...

3. Bills - what's not to like about this team right now. Plus these fans have suffered for a long time so good on them."
"Steelers

Browns 

Titans"
"1. Steelers

2. Browns

3. Patriots

4. Titans

5. WFT"
"Pittsburgh will always be #1. Currently I'd round out the top 5 with Cleveland, Tennessee, KC and Seattle. But the rest definitely shifts. 5 years ago NE and Cincinnati would have been on it and honestly Cleveland would not have been.

As for teams I like I kind of like your entire division although Rodgers brilliance has made the Packers my favorite. I just think it is four teams with fan bases that really care so it is hard to dislike them. Same reason I kind of like the Eagles. Chargers are alright I guess. Pretty much every AFC team has some kind of history with us."
"1. Steelers
2. Titans
3. Browns
4. Patriots 
5. Raiders"
"Steelers

Patriots

Browns

WFT

Titans



I'm cool with the Pack and Eagles."
"1. Browns
2. Bills
3. Giants
4. Steelers
5. Colts"
"1.	⁠Steelers
2.	⁠Browns
3.	⁠Titans
4.	⁠Patriots
5.	⁠Bengals"
"1. Steelers  

2. Patriots  

3. Titans  

4. Browns  

5. 49ers"
"1. AFC north
2. Patriots
3. Titans"
"1. Steelers
2. Chiefs
3. Titans
4. Browns
5. Packers"
"1. Steelers
2. Patriots
3. Giants
4. Browns
5. Titans"
"1. Steelers
2. Patriots
3. Browns
4. Titans
5. Bengals"
"1.Steelers 

2.Titans

3.Browns

4.Patriots

5.Bengals

This changes year in and year out. But as of right now this is it."
"All time:

Patriots
Steelers
Bills
Broncos 
Colts

This year:
Steelers
Browns
Bills
Titans
Chiefs


I always hate the teams in our division but Cincinnati gives us lots of free wins and historically the browns have never been good or relevant enough to hate."
"In no particular order

Steelers
Titans 
Patriots 
Bengals 
Chiefs

Chiefs is more of a personal hate rather than me hating them as a Ravens fan. Cocky fucks who shit their pants in the red zone on sides of the ball"
"Steelers

Browns

Chiefs 

Patriots (moved down since Brady left, but I still loathe them)

Titans"
"5) Browns - didn’t care about them one way or another until their fanbase finally got a team they thought they could shit talk with. Now, they’re fanbase are showing why they deserve that trash can of a football organization 

4) Patriots - yeah Brady is gone and they aren’t the team they used to be, but they knocked us out of enough SB runs where I want to kick their ass across the field until they feel the same way the entire NFL did when they had to play them for the past decade

3) WFT - piece of shit owner with a piece of shit FO with shitty morals who do shitty things to people

2) Eagles - worst fanbase in the league. Used to bartend and *every* Eagles jersey that sat there turned into a loud, drunk douche. Also, a gf that cheated on me was an Eagles fan. Makes sense looking back on it...

-

-

-

-

-

1) Fuck the Steelers. Fuck em. Their team could die in a fire and I would feel nothing. And their fanbase are the worst type of people: loud, stupid, and either openly support the shitty actions and character concerns of their players/coaches or brush it under the rug."
"1. Steelers

2. Browns

3. Chiefs

4a. Chargers (from the rivers era, jury's still out on them)

4b. Patriots (from the Brady era)

5. Bengals (from the amount of times they've beaten us in an important game)"
"Hate
1. Steelers. There's respect there though. 
2. Titans. Fuck them. They can eat a bag of dicks. 
3. Browns.
4. Bucs. Can't stand the Brady dickriding. 
5. Falcons. Blow leads like it's second nature. 

Don't mind:
1. Packers. Rodgers is my favorite QB of all time, ever since they beat the Steelers in the Super Bowl.
2. Saints. Alvin Kamara might be my favorite current non-Raven to watch.
3. Cardinals. Live in AZ so I root for them. 
4. Eagles. They beat the Patriots in the Super Bowl.
5. Seahawks. Russell Wilson just seems like a great guy off and on the field so it makes me like them as a team."
"Sorry for non-consensus selections, but how can this not be personal?

-	Bengals
-	Steelers
-	Browns
-	Titans
-	Patriots
-	WFT/WTF
-	Cowboys
-	Colts"
"Steelers 
Browns 
Patriots
Eagles
Bengals"
"1) Steelers 
2) Steelers 
3) Steelers 
4) Browns 
5) pats

I don’t really mind everyone else unless we’re playing them"
"1. Steelers (Obvious, plus can't stand the Fans)


2. Chiefs (Can't stand Mahomes. And the Media concerning them)


3. Titans (Mike Vrabel and their audacity)


4. Patriots (duh) 


5a. Eagles (Fans Suck)


5b. 49ers (just plain don't like 'em. except Patrick Willis. His story is inspiring) 


5c. Seahawks (Ugliest uniforms. Russell Wilson is aight.)


Teams I don't mind in no order


Chargers. I like Herbert and I said it before the draft I think he will be the best quarterback from that draft. Better than Burrow yes. The kid got a chance and he's proving it. Also, I graduated high school in San Diego.


Packers. They could really use a couple more SBs. I like a lot of their players. I really hated Brett Favre because when I was a kid he denied me an autograph and seemed like dick. But Aaron Rodgers is cool. His appearances on the Pat Mcafee show have been insightful and entertaining. 


Browns. My dad likes the Browns. Also grew up in Ohio for a bit. If there's any team I hate blowing out it's the Browns. I really appreciated the close victory over them this year. 


Cowboys. Emmitt Smith was my first favorite player when I was like 5 also lived in Texas for a bit. I have a lot of family members who are cowboys fans too.


Dolphins. If we weren't competing for a playoff spot I'd actually think they were really cool this year. I really don't mind their success as long as it doesn't impede on the Ravens"
"1. Steelers - Fuck 'em
2. Patriots - FTP#1; less hatred this year as they are trending downwards, but that old man Belichick will be invent a new way to be revoltingly good next year, I'm sure.
3. Packers - FTP#2; Best mate is a Lions fan, Brother is a Bears fan. Packers get in the way every year. I'm okay with Rodgers getting another ring, he deserves it, I just want it to be in 2023 when he goes to the ~~Colts~~ ~~Lions~~ Falcons.
4. Football Team - Snyder's shenanigans.
5. Currently recruinting a fifth team to hate. It was Chargers (Spanos shenanigans) but now they have Herbert I kinda like 'em. I'm an Oregon Ducks fan in my football free time."
"For me its Shittsburgh on number 1 but the Browns are closing in fast. Their fans are just... obnoxious. And Baker should stick to commercials really. 
Now that I think about it scratch that. 

1. The Browns (really mostly because of their fanbase)
2. The Steelers (and because the should on 1...)
3. The Steelers again
4. Patriots 
5. Chiefs (I love their fans, always look forward to gifwar week and they deserve it,  but the team is just insufferable... I don't get why they get away with all the showboating and gallery play they do... do that in a soccer match and someone WILL get a red card, but the guy he targets will think twice about prancing like a faerie again)

Teams I like to watch other than the Ravens? 
It's your boys,  really because of the whole concept of the community owned team and all that, snow games and Aaron Rodgers. 

49ers because I simply like their uniforms,  I know... but I can't help it. 

Saints, when I used to tour with a band through Europe the lead singer of another band that we encountered a lot was from New Orleans and since I was one of the few European guys he knew (and regularly encountered) that watched football we would chat on gameday about football and got me into watching his team as well."
"Steelers 
Patriots 
Browns 
Colts 
Titans"
"1. Steelers

2. Patriots

3. Browns

4. Titans

5. Bengals

I want to hate the Chiefs but I can't.. Andy is the man, Mahomes is fun to watch, Kelce is class, and the way they operate feels like us.. I just want to fucking beat them."
The Steelers and Tom Brady are the only two teams I hate
"Steelers 
Patriots 
Colts
Browns
Bengals

Honorable mention: Titans, Skins, Chiefs"
uhh as of recent Chiefs Pats Derrick Henry Steelers Refs
"1. Steelers

2. Titans

3.Browns

4.Patriots

5.Cardinals cuz fuck kyler murray"
"For me, the Steelers are, and will always be, #1.

Because I know the history of what they did, the Colts will be #2 for me. Last week was rough.

Currently #3 for me would be the Titans after their antics during this year's game. They're arrogant and need taken down a peg.

The Browns and Patriots don't bother me. Neither do the Chiefs. I probably hate the Packers and Cowboys at 4 and 5, just because of the way the national media won't shut up about both of them."
""
I still get flashbacks
Truth
"I stayed at the bank for at least 30 minutes after the game ended, I was devastated. I told my buddy when the series started, we’re a defensive team this is how we end this game, rely on our leaders and vets. 

Just unbelievable. 

We’re going to win this one. This is a different team."
"I'm just not worried. Heres why the Steelers lost to the bengals. 

Because the Steelers have 0 rushing attack. They have been consistently one of the worst rushing teams in the league this year. Big Ben has been passing the ball, rather sluggishly, upward of 40 to 50 times a game. Because they cant run the ball. 

The bengals defense is weak against the run. If that shows how bad the steelers are at running the ball. 

We dont have that issue. We have the number 1 running attack. We have a top ten defense. And the bengals dont have a true QB1. 

I'm just not worried about this week. This isnt old Joe's ravens. Its Lamar The Mother Fucking Llama Jacksons team. And he knows he has to win to clear the air of his playoff miscues. His drive is gonna win this game."
Worst New Year's Eve ever.
"AFAIK we get it if

1. We Win
2. pretty much any of the other WC teams lose, so 
3. CLE Loss
4. MIA loss
5. INDY Loss"
This time it's different.  😥😅
"our cable box was frozen solid so we didn’t have cable, so we had to listen to it on the radio and it was actually quite a fun experience, save for the end of course"
We're going to wreck the bengals.
AJ Green Game Winning TD on a tipped ball... I'm still so scared
"If next year’s draft works out as well as 2018’s, I’d be tempted to say I’m fine with losing. Just tempted, though."
""
"Next tweet:

We have traded punter Johnny Townsend to the Vikings for a 5th round pick."
Would he be able to play this week? I thought there were COVID testing/quarantine protocols that would seem to prevent that.
"Damn, I hadn't seen koch was out"
What happened to koch
Isn't the browns punter a Townsend?
I need a Johnny Townsend jersey lol
Heeeere's Johnny!
"No offense to him, but I don't want him to play a single snap."
[https://www.nfl.com/news/dolphins-qb-ryan-fitzpatrick-out-vs-bills-after-testing-positive-for-covid-19](https://www.nfl.com/news/dolphins-qb-ryan-fitzpatrick-out-vs-bills-after-testing-positive-for-covid-19)
I’m so glad Harbaugh is better than Flores. No telling what would’ve happened if Lamar got benched every time a game was tough.
I hate how they already seem to be giving up on tua
"If we remember that playoff game against the chargers and everyone was chanting for Flacco. Maybe that would have helped, probably not. But for sure it would have been detrimental in the long run and we are very fortunate now that he didn’t pull Lamar."
""
Resilience has been and always will be the word of this team.
""
"""For every touchdown you score you get a free, crab cake blumpkin"""
""
did Trendan Holliday ever do *anything* notable except this game?
Greatest game in franchise history.
"*""How does that happen in the Denver secondary?""*"
"Honestly I usually just watch the Mile-High Miracle itself.

What I find therapeutic is watching the following week's beat-down on the Patriots."
Best football game ever!!!
My favorite ravens game hands down
"I used to do this with the playoff game in 2000 against the Titans. 

THAT was the best Ravens (non-SB) game ever because it was amazing but also because of what it did for the franchise. The Ravens had never really been relevant until they went into Tennessee and took out the top team in dominating fashion."
"What a meteor Jacoby Jones was for this franchise!  Not with us very long, but if you named the top ten all time Ravens plays, He’s got to be in at least 5.....mile high miracle, SB catch and run for TD, SB KO return for TD, the Thanksgiving Tomlin incident and the KO return in the snow vs the Vikings."
Watched the condensed game tonight.  NFL Pass is awesome!
I just watched this whole playoff run about a week ago lol
Trydon holliday ran up and down that field all day lol. Crazy game
""
"Who I want:  Allen Robinson

Who I would be happy with: Corey Davis

Who we will get:  Larry Fitzgerald"
Corey Davis
38 yo Larry Fitz seems like a classic Ravens target /s
I would like Golladay
"I've been wanting the Ravens to get Curtis Samuel since before he was drafted and for his entire Panthers career. I feel like he's been terribly underutilized by them (though that's been changing recently), but it would be an absolute dream for us to get him

Also not sure if he's a FA this off-season, but if we can steal Auden Tate from the Bengals that would be amazing. He's super talented and the exact type of big body WR we need, but he's stuck behind a stacked WR corps so would be cool if the Ravens could snag him"
"Robinson, Davis, and Golladay are my top picks. Hope we can land one and get one in the draft."
"Pretty nice list, only guys there that I'd be a hard no on would be 

Curtis Samuel - I know some around here are fans of him, I'm personally not a fan of gadget type WRs that are mostly one year wonders, plus his injury history doesn't inspire confidence. Not a fan, just think we could be equal value with a mid round rookie gadget receiver or even Cordarrelle Patterson, who's also a FA. Either way, it's same kind of role that I think we want for Duvernay.

Will Fuller - Injury history, plain and simple. The best ability is availability, I'm not paying for Fuller to play 8 games per year.

Antonio Brown - Don't need to explain.

Allen Robinson would be a dream, would love Golladay, would be happy taking a flyer on Davis. In reality we'll probably end up with Higgins or some shit like that."
"I get why everyone is big on getting a WR, but our EDGE/OLB situation is dire. 5 out of 6 are FA (3 are getting paid); that leaves us with only Ferguson.  This is a much bigger issue than WR"
Had no idea Godwin was a ufa.... any chance the Bucs let him walk?
^^^^^AB
Our next receiver isn't an unrestricted free agent next season. They're on a roster and will be cut.
I like those 27-28 year olds for us
Gimme golladay and fuller or Watkins pLz
Davis and Samuel are the most intriguing too me.
"Golladay, Robinson or Godwin are the only ones I'd be interested in. Maybe Corey Davis, but he's just had so many years of mediocrity, I'd be nervous about it. No sense bringing anyone in if they're not a total alpha wr if you ask me and golladay has to be the best jump ball wr in the game right now"
I mean most guys would hate it but hell yeah id take Larry Fitz 😂
"Godwin, Marvin Jones, Golliday, or Arob. Definitely any of those four are who I'd go for"
"Everyone stop panicking Fitzgerald isn't going to leave Arizona when they finally are decent again lol

Poor Larry"
"My dream list would be 

1. Allen Robinson/Kenny Golladay
2. Curtis Samuel/Corey Davis

All are great talents that will probably underpriced due to bad teams or competing for snaps with Aj Brown

I would stay away from Godwin as I've watched him a lot this year (He was on my Fantasy team)  and he was incredibly underwhelming and seems to perform best in garbage time. Maybe he had a down year or maybe Brady was targeting others more but I'm still wary of him."
Who do y'all think we land from this list?
Lol I’d nut if we somehow got Corey Davis and Curtis Samuel
""
I hope Townsend only sees the field to hold for Extra Points
Townsend averaging 42 yds/rush for his career..I like the fit.
townsend gonna get paid to do nothing huh
""
I think we have to choose between resigning Yannick or Judon this offseason. Who do resign and what will the price be?
Yannick will get signed otherwise it's a wasted 3rd round pick.
"Yannick, easy.  Without even arguing skillset, he’s the younger player."
Yannick all the way. Love Judan but I like campbell and Yannick together.
"Yannick, we can tag him for 14 million, he is more productive, forces offences to adapt more, and hopefully we could keep he and Bowser. At the very least I see us tagging him for a one year rental"
Yannick
Yannick. Fewer penalties and has similar success in the NFL.
"It's probably Yannick.  I love Judon as a person, as a locker room guy and I don't think that his play against the run and short pass game gets as much respect as he deserves, but I think he'll be priced out of what we can afford to pay him."
"Yannick. Judon will get paid hopefully somewhere in the NFC, and I like Yannick’s motor and motivation when he’s healthy and read up on the scheme."
Yannick. We spent draft capital on him and Jets fans already want to overpay for Judon. Let him get his bag.
"I like what Judon brings to the table and have always wanted to resign him.  With that being said, I don’t think he is worth as much as he wants and was shocked that Decosta gave him the tag for 16m this year.  

Judon is versatile and can fill a lot of roles, but rarely, if ever, takes over a game.  He is not dominant and rarely wins tough matchups.  He beats up on weak competition.

I would love to resign him for 5/50 with 25 guaranteed.  Any more than that is too much imho."
As a few of you already said I like Judon but would pick Yannick because of his pass rush ability. Bowser has proved to be pretty versatile and good dropping into coverage so I think he moves into Judon's role for a more affordable contract.
Better off keeping Yannick and Bowser.
"I keep hearing how much more versatile Judon is for our defense, but is he good enough at any of those roles to be worth keeping over Yannick? Seriously asking.

Can we keep Bowser and Yannick?"
"I think probably Yannick, but Judon is a lot better then people here give him credit for. He doesn’t have the sack numbers but he does everything pretty well, on top of that he is the leader on defense. I don’t know that the market will be that big on Judon either, and a smart team will take Bowser instead of Judon. I hope we have at least two of Yannick, Bowser and/or Judon next year."
"Everyone saying Yannick are way underselling how versatile Judon is which is a huge part of our defense. We are able to keep QBs guessing because Judon can both rush the QB and provide decent coverage. 

Yannick is very one dimensional and pretty bad in run support."
Is it possible we end up with neither?
Neither
Whoever is cheaper. Judon is much better against the run but his stupid penalties all the time are annoying
"Judon hasn’t done enough this year and he will probably cost more so I’m leaning towards Yannick, but I won’t be mad if we get Judon unless he cost way more."
"yannick easily, judon does nothing and doesnt show up when we are playing comp, yannick creates pressure we wanted from judon"
[removed]
