text
[deleted]
It’s Saturday man...
😀
Pump fake. Back to sleep fellow bastards
Damn it i woke up for nothing
""
“We the monstars” 😡. Hype af
Is that Derek Wolfe’s ghost? Haven’t seen him around in a bit.
Dope!
Looks sweet but you gotta add Nannick!
"The Ravens have a history of bringing in a high class veteran wide receiver to lead the receiving core. S3, Anquan, Derrick Mason are the main names who come to mind. We likely all agree this a vital missing piece on our offense (along with O-line and consistency issues).

Would really love to see Dez blossom into this classic Ravens role. We haven't seen him on the field for years, so there's no real reason to expect it, but he has proven himself in the past...and considering our history this could be DESTINY"
We now pray!
"I was pretty indifferent about it when we first brought him in, but from all the things I’ve seen and heard since then he seems like a good pick up. I REALLY hope he can be that next great Baltimore vet WR"
"We are really gonna need to figure out that interior OL before the passing game starts to flourish. I think we got the right guys on the team, just need to figure out what combo is best and hope for some steady development because our Tackles are too damn good for a shorty interior. Especially after the Stanley deal."
"Worst case, hopefully he brings some competitiveness to the WRs."
I mean od course we hope for this. But its just unrealistic. Ya never know tho. But yeah at this point we suck at drafting and developing wars so we need to just bring in ones in the mid career.
"I think this is a pretty clear benefit for us given the quick passing/timing based offense the Steelers like to run offensively. Sloppy conditions should make it harder for them, while it plays to our strength of running the ball. We were able to run all over their defense last year and that was without lamar, Yanda, and Stanley."
Fortunately the Gus Bus is equipped with AWD
I’ll tell you what it doesn’t affect! Justin Automatic Rain or Shine Legatron MVP Tucker
I think it makes it more likely to be a defensive slog fest.  I really had one of two outcomes happening either it’s a defensive slogfest or the bye week gave us time to fix the offense and the offense does decent against the Steelers offense which would give us the win solidly (like win by 10).
"Imagine trying to chase down Lamar on a slippery field, can't wait"
"I think its a push.

I dont think we’re as effective running the ball as we were this time last year , especially with Ingram out."
Ravens by even more than i thought before
"I had a dream last night the game ended in a tie, 7-7."
I do t think it matters either way.  Steelers are good.
[deleted]
"Nice clickbait title. 

Who is considered most hated?"
"I hate to beat a dead horse, it’s just bizarre to me. How are we so bad at drafting a position the the rest of the league is either A) pretty decent at drafting or B) Good at addressing in FA? Like, Diggs and Moore were SO good! Right down the street! And not exactly surprises, how do they get away? Especially Diggs. 

Or do you remember when Brandon Marshall was available for pennies and still producing at a pro bowl level (like when he got to Miami). It’s just weird. Half decent (not necessarily superstar) WRs are a dime a dozen, yet we have ONE at a time. 

I love our draft room, this is just one thing, it’s just weird because it’s a relatively easy thing."
"Everyone has their weakness, if we are incredible at every other position I’m fine with being lacking in the Wide receiver position if we are still winning."
"I believe the front office were put off with Diggs attitude when they invited him for a private workout. However I think with Eric we are seeing a more aggressive approach to the position, they drafted Brown even though he had the dreaded  lisfranc  injury, he tried to trade for Hopkins and I believe he tried to trade up in the draft for Lamb this year."
Can you imagine Hollywood brown on the chiefs? It would be extremely scary. The issue isn’t our WR core it’s the offensive scheme and playcalling. We’re a run first offense and Lamar has missed several shots down the field that if he hit even 2-3 we wouldn’t be having this conversation.
"I wouldn't necessarily say we're bad at drafting WRs considering we've only drafted 10 within the first 3 rounds over 25 years. And 3 of those came in the last two drafts, so tbd.

Scrolling through the others, part of me wonders how much of their lack of success was bad QB play."
"I think this gets overblown. 

Remember we didn’t have a QB till 2008, so the priority was always to shore up that position for the first 12 years of our franchise. 

It’s hard to evaluate WRs when you have Kyle Boller throwing him the ball. 

Then let’s look at the years they drafted a WR high: 2000-2005-2015. 

Reports are in 2000 Jamal was certainly the target but they wanted Plexico at 10.  They got Jamal but Pittsburgh took Plex at 8 leaving us with Travis Taylor. Yuck right? Well not exactly. Look at the WRs taken that year, only one made a pro bowl (L. Coles) and only one other (Jerry Porter) was even serviceable and that was as the third option. 

Fast forward to 05 and the Ravens are burned by going for the hight weight speed guy and go for the sure thing: the most productive receiver in Oklahoma: Mark Clayton. 

He almost had 1000 yards with a legit Qb in 06 but injuries derailed his career. 

Looking at that 05 class, if you were going based solely on production and ignoring the upside then you wouldn’t go for Roddy White or Vincent Jackson. 

Now 15. Perriman, the ultimate upside player. Only one WR drafted after him made a pro bowl: Tyler Lockett. 

So yes he was a bad pick but you can’t fault the team for investing a position that didn’t have any good players"
"So tired of this lazy take

We just haven’t spent high draft picks on WRs. We had a few early round busts like Travis Taylor and Perriman, but for the most part we’ve gotten decent WRs when we spent the draft capital 

We might not be the best WR scouting team in the league but no one should expect us to be getting studs when we only draft a 3rd/4th round receiver every other year"
"It’s not all about us being bad a drafting WRs we’ve always been a defense and run first team and we’ve had some pretty bad QBs 

I know we all love Joe but he wasn’t exactly a young WRs or any WRs favorite QB to work with. We had numerous free agents turn us down because of Joe and that’s the best QB in franchise history. It’s worth nothing that Andrews(15) and Hollywood(27) are already in our top 30 all time WRs for yards and they should both be in the top 15 by the end of the season. So we’re getting a bit better."
"I just don’t think they really took enough. For as many hits as Pittsburgh has, they have some misses (Coates, Sweed, James washington). They just take a lot. 

Ravens also had below average QB play for a while, but that’s a different topic lol"
We never draft in the top 10 so all the “elite” talent is gone
""
Tf is this shit
"Defensive plasticity. What the hell does this mean? It means we need Wink to adapt this defensive scheme this week, and here's why. 

Big Ben has gotten the ball out faster than any QB in the NFL this season: 70% of his passes have come out in under 2.5 seconds. If we go out blitz heavy, like we usually do, I think Ben will have his way with the defense. The offensive line is well coached, and Ben is smart enough to know how to adjust protection schemes based on who is coming hot. I just don't think the blitzes get to him in time, which means somebody on the back end is going to be stressed. What concerns me is against the Chiefs, it was clear that the blitz was hurting the defense, yet Wink didn't adapt the scheme. If he doesn't change this week, I think we lose the game. 

So aside from blitzing less, what do I want to see from the defense? 

1) man press coverage. The Steelers use a short passing game to sustain drives (screens and shallow passes). Press at the line to disrupt the timing and prevent easy 5-8 yard gains. This should force Ben to hold the ball a bit longer too, and frankly, i'm astounded I haven't seen more teams defend this way against the Steelers. 

2) edge discipline. Steelers run lots of motion and the jet sweep is always a possibility. The edges are also probably the weakest point of the run defense, so I expect a number of outside runs from Conner as well. If we can blow up the 1-4 jet sweeps they call, and set the edge, I think we force the Steelers to be one dimensional. 

3) tackle well. The engine of the Steeler's offense is YAC. Tackle well, make them move the ball with actual air yards. I don't want to see a one yard slant turn into a 9 yard gain. 

Basically in summary, defend closer to the line of scrimmage, press and be physical, and tackle well. If we can execute these things, I think the Steelers will struggle to sustain drives, which means more chances for Lamar and the offense."
I think our corners match up well for this game plan to work. I suspect they try to match Jimmy with Claypool because of his length. I'm sure Marlon will cover the slot primarily and Juju plays there a lot. That leaves Marcus on Johnson and I like those match ups. The key will be getting some pressure. I don't think there should be a huge learning curve for Yannick right away. I'm guessing they mainly just ask him to pin his ears back and go until he gets more time to familiarize with the scheme.
"Ironically, that’s how teams defend the Ravens for the most part. 

I’m surprised Pitt isn’t doing more crazy alignments with Canada, though they still do jet a lot. 

I’m interested to see how Ngakoue will change the gameplan. Were they blitzing because they felt they needed to in order to generate pressure, or were they blitzing because the secondary is amazing and they can blitz?"
"Couldn’t agree more. Hopefully our good coverage means that Ben holds the ball a little longer and our blitz has more time to get there, and if they don’t we need to get our hands up to try and disrupt the quick short pass game."
We got the secondary to compete with their WRs. It really just rides on the front 7 doing their jobs
I hope Conner gets most of the carries so Snell and the MD guy do not.  Conner has no explosion so him getting out to the edge won’t kill us at all which will allow us to have a margin of error with our setting of the edge.
"your corners match up very well. i’ve watched every second of our games this year and the reason why the passing game has been able to be successful is bc everyone has a different skill set. For example, you have to press Diontae or Juju, because they do their best work when in space. but at the same time, you have Ebron, Claypool and Washington, who you literally can’t press, otherwise your asking for a big play. i was watching Ray Lewis break down why defenses have been historically bad this year. He said people needed to be on the same page, and trust each other. If your DB’s are on the same page, our guys will get locked down. on the other side, the only real passing threats i see are  Hollywood and Andrews. i think that we can take care of hollywood, but Andrews will be on Spillane and Williams the whole game, which is an obvious advantage for baltimore. I have confidence that our run game can hold you guys in check. I’m expecting a low scoring game. 17-13 either way"
""
Well done
Awesome!
Elite carving.
Truzzkin
Did they announce it yet
Shit better be a blackout
"Really weird that they haven’t announced it yet, they usually do the middle of the week."
They didn't announce it this week which is extremely weird.
I expect purple
Anyone heard anything yet on the jersey
""
"When asked Ben R. said that the hit, photographed from 91 - Courtney Upshaw, was the worst hit of his career. It’s worth looking up, Ben went airborne."
"Hm is that a 91 behind him?

Definitely foreshadowing Yannik tearing it up tomorrow!"
What about the Ngata hit that broke his nose?
Lol
You guys r about to take an l
[deleted]
Anyone on our defense have any sacks on Big Ben? I feel like most of our defense has been replaced the last two years
"Good question, while I don’t know the answer to this, the likely candidates (as a Raven) are Judon, McPhee, Williams, and possibly jimmy smith. If you consider players who have sacks on Ben while on another team there may be more (Yannick, Wolfe, Campbell, etc.)"
"ngakoue does, he was on jacksonville obviously tho"
[Ngakoue does](https://youtu.be/ggEi5__teJ0)
"I feel like Williams does, I know McPhee does"
"[https://b3tsports.com/2020/10/31/shotgun-beer-bet-steelers-vs-ravens/](https://b3tsports.com/2020/10/31/shotgun-beer-bet-steelers-vs-ravens/)

https://preview.redd.it/xrjs7rqrrhw51.jpg?width=1280&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=58a935cd00b45ccdb016347f5d0b778972d05277"
Nice
""
Sorry but tyreek is faster than anyone on our team
I think Hill’s probably the fastest guy in the league. I wouldn’t be that shocked at all if Lamar/Hollywood could take DK though
In a straight line; I honestly think freaky L is faster than Tyreek hill. Lamar has gears we still haven’t even seen yet; wait till the day he busts one for 75..
"I think they would beat D Jones, but not the other two.

Duvernay has posted the fastest speed of any Raven over the last 3 years at 21.48 mph."
"They would destroy Daniel Jones. He posted his 21.23 with 70 free yards of straight line. 
Lamar recorded his 21.06 after a juke in a 13 yard burst and immediately slowed down cause he seen no one could catch him and high stepped into the end zone. 

Give Lamar a straight line of 70 uncontested yards and he’s putting on the burners"
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
""
Lmfaoo I can tell he’s getting tired of the comparisons
“Naw... I don’t...” lmao
"No matter how things turn out at the end of this season, or 5 years from now... I’m gonna be a Lamar fan"
""
""
they will not. 50 signed jerseys for the whole sub if they do
"Feels like Ingram is a negative asset.  He’s lost a ton of explosion from last year and is injured, and over 30.  I know his contract is done after this year but I doubt anyone would want to take on the remaining money unless they were given a pick."
No. This isn't Madden
""
"Yawn.
Only 40?"
He could have gotten injured on that celebration or with the holder ruining his practice swing
""
"In January 2015 I was visiting my then girlfriend and her family in Maryland, USA. At this point in my life I had no interest in the NFL as it wasn’t really popular or on the rise in the UK, or at least where I lived in the UK. 

However, it was playoff time and her family had other ideas. They bought me a Ravens beanie, and Flacco jersey. And as I sat down with them to watch the game they had told me about how fierce the Ravens rivalry was with the Steelers but I had no idea just how fierce they meant. 

I remember the game like it was yesterday, the field goal in the opening qtr for Pitts to take the lead, then Pierce’s rushing TD for us, the exchange of FGs up until Big Dick Joe’s pass to Torrey to put us up 20-9. 

Then the absolute disbelief at seeing Forsett fumble which lead to a Steelers score, and the elation watching T Sizzle intercept that pass from Ben and the resulting TD from Gillmore. Finally another pick from our defence, and my utter confusion when the family was explaining what a safety was and how at this point in the game it didn’t matter. 

What’s also funny looking back was the idea that I assumed all kickers were as good as Tucker and I was genuinely shocked when they would miss PATs and FGs. 

Since that day, a lot has changed in my life. Myself and my then girlfriend didn’t work out, I met a beautiful Aussie shelia and settled in down under. But what has always remained since that playoff game and if anything good ever came from that relationship, it was my new found love for the NFL and the Baltimore Ravens. 

You best believe I’m up at some ridiculous hour just to see my Ravens play. I’ll always remember that first game I watched and how every moment stuck with me, from watching Joe pick apart the Steelers formidable defence, to the father of the family screaming ‘HOW DOES THAT TURF TATSE, BEN!?!?’ Every time we got a QB hit or sack. And although this season has not been as electric as last season (I think many overlook the fact last year was a record breaking season), my UK football team is terrible, so I am grateful I have a great NFL team to enjoy at the moment. 

I say all of that to ultimately state;

FUCK THE STEELERS."
"Dude... your story is kinda like mine.  Well... except I'm from the Netherlands and it happened 5 years earlier. 

Got into the Ravens because of a girl who lived in Baltimore.  She's married with kids now (and I wish her all the best, no hard feelings at all) but my love for the Ravens was cemented then."
"Marylander living in Sydney here. Found a Ravens jersey in rebel sport yesterday, couldn't believe it. Glad to know there's at least one other Ravens fan here."
"Ravens fan from Melbourne here, I actually feel like we have a good supporter bae in Australia it’s weird"
truzz!
How are those 5am game starts working out for you?
"There’s a crew of Ravens fans here in Auckland, New Zealand too. Good yarn, mate. Enjoyed it. Lesssgooo!"
"Oh man. That playoff game was the culmination of playoff futility vs the Steelers. 2001, 2008, 2010 (the 2010 one stings bad, Find that Houshmanzadeh drop on 4th down. Brutal) were all playoff loses to Pitt.

2014 season exorcized that demon. What a great game."
Arnie???
""
"Yea I laugh every time I see a pundit write an article about this. Just look at the amount of RB injuries this year to teams like the Giants, 49ers, Seahawks, not to mention Ingram. Our depth at RB is looking pretty smart right about now. Maybe I could see us dealing Hill but that's about it."
[deleted]
"Vote!

&#x200B;

/s"
[deleted]
"Ronnie Stanley: 29 pressures allowed the last 2 seasons.

Andrew Thomas and Jawan Taylor have both allowed more this season alone 

***

posted by [@PFF](https://twitter.com/PFF)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Elli7zlWkAAcpA3.jpg) | [Photo 2](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Elli78wXUAA10fl.jpg) | [Photo 3](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Elli8FKWkAIOe38.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Didn't he only have like 6 last season?
[removed]
""
Well done!
""
"I used to work at a restaurant right by Hopkins. His son Sean, best known for playing Sam in LoTR, would often join him and the rest of his family for dinners at our restaurant around the holidays. Great family and great group of people!"
"Years ago I was working at Hopkins and we had to go to his apartment to get some prop for a reading he was doing. We showed up at his place around 11am and he was still in his pajamas.

The man was honest-to-god wearing a sleeping cap, pom-pom halfway down his back and everything. Never in my life before or since have I seen one outside of cartoons or fairy-tales."
Lose to Steelers- NEVERMORE
My wife and I went to see this live on our first date!
""
"Been playing a lot of Pokemon lately (thanks COVID, I guess).  They introduced a new dungeon-mode, and THIS shiny decides to pop up today!  Good sign going into the game!

#FUCK THE STEELERS

#BELEE DAT"
I aint played since soul silver seeing a Pokemon I actually recognize feels good 😂
Not much more to be said.  Let's be great.  Fuck the Steelers.
"That's just like, your opinion, man."
""
Fuck the Steelers!
"9pm in Australia.. still, fuck the Steelers!"
Good morning ravens flock
Get in here!
Good morning everyone!!! Who's ready for a big W today?!
"I purposely slept more than usual so I have to wait less for the game, it's 6 hours from now and I'm already going insane"
Fuck the Steelers!!!! Yeah!!!!!
Awake and first thought I had was FUCK THE FUCKING STEELERS!! GO BOYS!!
It sucks that this game isn't the Sunday Night Game.  Who the hell wants to watch the NFC East anymore?
"My best buddy who was the best man at my wedding and is my daughters godfather is a steelers fan , first thing this morning he got a ""Good morning and fuck the steelers"" message"
"Can you believe my local cbs is showing the colts and lions today, I'm so annoyed, ravens never get any love around here even though it's the best matchup of the day"
time to take down these Yinzers and beat them to hell and back
"LFG FLOCKGANG!!

What color are we rocking today??"
Fuck the steelers
"FUCK THE STEELERS, FOREVER & ALWAYS!"
My head feels like a train hit it.  I took around 33 shots worth of drinks over a 6 and a half hour period last night.  I have projects to do and my arm hurts for reasons that I do not know and are probably related to all of that booze.  But I will literally let myseld develop a migraine and fail my shitty communication  class (why I even have to take that is beyond me) before I miss this game.
PUT DOBBINS IN YOUR DRAFT KINGS! Wait on second thought don’t!
Fuck the Steelers with their own ketchup!
How is everyone feeling about Ingram being out today (ankle)?
"STUNT. ON. THESE. HOES.

FUCK THE STEELERS"
Any word on Ingram. Will JK start if Ingram is out?
""
STUNT ON THESE HOES LAMAR 😭
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Loser wears the others team stuff for the thanksgiving game
Get your least favourite player on the back of ravens/steelers jersey whoever loses?
[removed]
Enjoy your ban from r/Steelers
Ok
Fuck the Steelers.
Gottem
[removed]
""
I would not consider it a bad thing to never play for the Browns again. Seems like everything is looking up for him now that he has experienced an unfortunate injury.
Sounds like a good thin for him.
Odell in the dumps now
"With his contract, I would be open to the trade. Heavily dependent on what the price is of course.  I wouldn’t give up a draft pick lower than a 3rd.  

But, Odell has talent.  ACL injuries are not career ending.  He’s still only 27 years old.  Mainly, his contract is team friendly.  His cap hit is $15mill, which is below market value for a Pro Bowl caliber WR. And there would be no guaranteed money, if he doesn’t return to form, he could be cut with no dead money.  To me, that would be worth the risk if you believe he can still be a top tier WR."
""
21 will not be feasting today or next week unfortunately.
""
This is why we drafted Dobbins. Let’s hope he steps up!
Time for JK to step up like we all know he's capable of
Ba god. Is that JK’s music..!?!
"“The #Ravens are without RB Mark Ingram today, and they may be without him next week vs. the #Colts as well, source said. It’s more of a high-ankle sprain than a low-ankle sprain and those often cause multi-week absences.”"
Remember when every yahoo on this sub wanted to flip Gus for a conditional 6th?
"It's weird but this news makes me just shrug. This offense has not lived and died through Mark Ingram and I expect we will see very little drop off without him. That's not a knock on Mark but Gus and Dobbins are more than capable of providing Mark's 37.5 yard and .3 TDs per game. 


Who knows, maybe this is a breakout game for either player and they just needed an opportunity to actually add some juice to the run game. Crazier things have happened."
Terrible to say it but this could be pretty good since Ingram was struggling especially in exploding through the hole while JK looked far more explosive and Gus looked damn good too.
Gus Edwards absolutely wrecked the Steelers in wk 17 last year
Feeing good about Gus Bus and JK pounding the rock. Gus in particular has had a solid season so far.
JK all day
"DYNAMIC DUO:

JK & GUS TIME"
Justice Hill.
I have a bad feeling about this. I hope Roman does not abandon the run again.
""
I still love that picture so much
TRUZZZ💤💤
This aged well
Results are pending
Man I’m a steeler fan and that picture is awesome.
And we lost.
That pic reminds me of [this Finnish painting](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Defense_of_the_Sampo) lol
Well this didn’t age well
Womp womp
[removed]
""
""
Not believable.  Arm not fat enough for a Steelers fan.
This is great!!! I need to remember this for next year.
That arm looks so realistic
"What am I looking at is that a fake arm? Do you ever give yourself a stranger with it I know you have before dont  lie.

Oh you're the cool lady excuse me sorry"
When are you guys ever going to learn
Another victim of disrespecting the towel
Just saying...might want to burn this post with fire. Nothing good comes out of disrespecting the towel. 😬
""
Surprised Ward is a healthy inactive. I guess someone has to take the fall for Yannick
"With Ingram out, hopefully this will be JK Dobbins time to shine."
Surprised about Ward being a healthy scratch. Guess they want fergy to get more develop/reps
"Seems less than ideal to have both Ellis and Washington inactive, only leaves four DL active on a sloppy rainy day"
What's this Achilles issue hadn't heard of this.
Hill should be inactive not Ward.  Hill is trash better to risk it with two backs and have Ward.
[deleted]
Looks like a wet start then clearing up after 2.  Ground and pound baby!
Kinda reminding me of the 49ers game last year tbh
I want to see fat fuck on the ground at least 20 times today
I’m so excited I can’t wait
If you’re at the game. BRING IT. Bring that noise  you gotta make up for a lot of people
Bens the kind of guy to set off the Lunk Alarm at planet fitness
What colour we wearing? Didn’t see an announcement this week
Looks like no black out today boys. Purple on White
Duv in for boykin is that true?
""
Source?
where'd you find this out?
A source would be much appreciated lol
Oh shit
Its about time! Boykin should not be on this roster next year
Wow
"Good, I have been saying Duv needs to get more work, he's been effective in limited touches so far"
"Good thing. Boykin has struggled a lot, Duvernay had lots of good flashes. Not ready to completely give up on Boykin though if he improves communication with LaMar."
HOLY SHIT FINALLY FUCK
Duvernay is my favorite Raven. Loved him at Texas.
About time
Couldn’t find a source for this anywhere
Source?
This thread won't age well..
Big if true. Is this true?
"Searched all over Twitter and Google. Couldn't find a single source that agrees with you. While I hope it to be true, I seriously doubt it."
I got my sources y’all! Enjoy the game!
""
Step QB wyd
"Dang, I forgot about Yannick for a second."
"Judon about to give him that body built by Taco Bell 

Two burritos, one Ben"
[deleted]
"Quoth the raven ""Fuck the Steelers."""
This is random but Jimmy smith deserves ring of honor eventually
Someone send 40 lbs of crabcakes to Yanda's house
Man these 4 yard punches are great. Please don't get away from them.
#The Greg Roman School for Players Who Can Run Good and Want to Do Other Stuff Good Too
I like to imagine the hood shit that mp was saying when he was fighting for that ball in that pile
"If Tucker goes down as the best kicker ever in history, and gets into the HOF, do you think the Ravens will build a statue outside the Bank of him?"
"LMAO Lamar fucking killed this game. 3 fumbles, 1 lost, 2 ints. Just shit performance. 

Like last year he's kept the Steelers in the game"
So a bit of hand fighting is PI but that car crash isn't.
Mad respect to the fan in the stands wearing the Elite Joe tshirt 😂
Then not showing that PI again says it all. Dog shit call
"Bengals fan, the Ravens should've gotten time added"
"Bro, these force fumbles are ridiculous. I have never seen a team so gung-ho for forcing fumbles especially in the secondary"
FUCK YOUNG SHELDON
i really wanna see a yannik sack before the day is done
We should be up 17-0 but Lamar needed to gift 14 points to the Steelers to maintain the integrity of this rivalry
Refs gave them half that drive.
"And then the NFL tommorow will say ""Oops, our bad.  We should have put time back on the clock.  Oopsies."""
Can I get a fuck the Steelers
I hate the Steelers as much as the next guy but that wasn’t a dirty play
"BEN IS PLAYING JUST AS BAD AS LAMAR, YALL NEED TO STFU"
"Christ, Lamar had ice in his veins on that last sequence. Had to sprint to the line, throw an extra ball out of bounds (wtf) and then spike it. There are only a few QBs in the league who would've managed that."
every pass we defend is PI but thats legal in the endzone? fuck that
Man I'm deflated after that injury fucking fuck
"#SO WE’RE JUST GONNA ABANDON THE PASSING GAME NOW?!

*/s*"
Can someone make a petition to get the refs fired for being bad?
Why can't they show us the fucking PI replay 🤔🤔🤔
SIGNING DEZ SCARED THE SHIT OUT OF BOYKIN
Horrible play by lamar. You gotta get rid of it. I saw that fumble coming a mile away.
Beating the shit out of the patriots on national television is going to be fun
I honestly wouldn't mind losing if it wasn't handed over by the refs.
"I mean I’m no TJ Watt fan but it wasn’t like that was intentional. Just fucking sucks man, Stanley is a HUGE part of this team"
Maybe Judon was on to something when he tried to punch that ref
Anyone else feeling FIRED UP?
Lamar gotta stop playing so cocky and STUPID
Steelers are lucky to be down 10 right now
"I love the game plan today.

We've all been hard on Roman but big credit to him!"
"You can’t win a game not passing at all. The wildcat is not a legitimate offense style. Lamar needs to be able to throw. The team needs to be able to pass. 

This team is not going to be a real threat unless Lamar gets it together."
The penalty differential in this game is criminal
"If Steelers win,  game ball needs to go to the refs.  That entire drive was carried on the back of weak ass calls."
"As a European, those political commercials are so fucking stupid."
CAN ANYONE EXPLAIN WHY THERE AINT NO MORE TIME ADDED
"Ravens lost by four points after giving up four turnovers and dealing with refs that clearly favored the Steelers. Lamar gotta play better, idk if it’s Greg Roman not scheming better pass plays, or what but this is disappointing."
I can stomach no flag on that play IF the same officials don’t throw 70 yards in flags for questionable AT BEST penalties on Baltimore.
Can we stop acting like TJ Watt deliberately injured Ron lol
Let's not forget that our defense just blanked the Steelers in the first half
Y’all I can’t even lie theres been times where our rush makes me giggle like a kid on Christmas cause its so good today
Man what a huge impact discussing those 5 yards had
"tony romo mentions how we abandoned the first down run


how is it that everybody sees it except for our offensive coordinator


the only guy that matters to see it"
"I really REALLY REALLY want lamar to prove everyone here wrong, right fucking now."
Someone needs to explain to me how we can’t scheme hollywood open once a game with 4.2 speed
"Good ole fashioned ref ball, expect nothing less from the steelers."
Steelers have gotten 110 yards from penalties and lead by 4 points. The biggest threat to our team is our team
"""the socialists"" 

bruh I wish"
Fuck these refs man. They don't deserve their jobs. Fuck. Them.
"You gonna blame the refs for that fumble, Shitsburgh?"
Anyone else notice how even during the sack there were no purple jerseys diving at linemen legs?
He fumbled the ball to get some extra yards come on now big brain
I wonder how many wins have been decided by Justin Tucker
"This game really shouldn’t even be close. We’re dominating, just have to protect the ball. Should be up 24-0 if not for the pick-six & fumble inside the 10."
This team needs to stay with their running roots. They're not a passing team. They are a run HEAVY team
"lamar just tries to do way too much on every play, a first down incompletion is fine"
"These PI calls are ""turn off the TV"" level"
"I AM SO FUCKING ANGRY AT THIS TEAM RIGHT NOW.

UP 17-7. AND NOW WE ARE BLOWING IT. 😡"
If we had even average QB play this game is 28-3
110 yards in penalties. After a bye week. Just unreal.
We have had some bad plays that definitely deserved penalties but when they don't show replays of shit like PI I get fucking suspicious.
Being beaten by a team is one thing. Being picked on by the guys who are supposed to be judicators of the game is just not ok
So it’s cool for Tomlin to not wear his face mask?
Why the hell didn’t they put time back on the clock
Refs screwed us  by not putting time on the clock
How does no time get added back holy fuck
"Seriously, when are coaches and players going to start publicly questioning the legitimacy of the game? This officiating is shit."
What an absolute bullshit way to end a dirty and bullshit ref’d game.  Fuck the Steelers.
TJ is such a bitch he did it last year vs RG3 and hes hitting Lamar when he clearly doesn't have it this year
"Man, when lamar is on point with his throws, it's a beautiful thing."
How about calling  our secondary The Strip Club
"People saying Lamar is holding the ball to long not seeing that out WRs aren’t getting separation or that his OLine is absolutely atrocious this season and he constantly has to reposition. We needed WRs, but now with ALL our line hurt, we can’t address it again."
JJ Watt's little brother is a *biiiiiiitch*
#FREE JUDON
Imagine thinking anyone other than Tucker is the best kicker in the league
"Averaging close to seven yards per run...let's keep passing!!

Fuck my life..."
Roethlisberger is playing 2015 Flacco style just chucking it and letting the refs win the game for him
Why the fuck are we throwing passes to Ricard LMAO
"Peter's getting back at the refs for that bad call lol

""Try calling a penalty on this shit"""
Sam Koch would never.
Why couldnt you play one more year marshal?
How they gonna advertise Chik fil a on a Sunday
"JK Dobbins has looked fantastic this half.

Super encouraging!"
JK Dobbins had 69 rushing yards in the first half
I think having Ingram out shows how underutilized Dobbins is.
If not for the pick six it would be 17-0 right now. Defense is playing lights out and the run game is on fire. Can’t let up on the gas!
Time of Possession 20:09/9:51
"HOW THE FUCK DO YOU STRETCH OUT A FUCKING KIDNEY TRANSPLANT INTO A 20+ EPISODE SHOW, SO FUCKING DUMB"
Lamar’s mistakes 14 Baltimore Ravens 17
Lamar’s been having alot of “off games” this season. Been frustrating to watch
"2 picks, 2 fumbles and an almost pick in a little over half.. Damn wtf"
"Fuuuuuck this ad. ""Normal"" my fucking ass"
"Greg Roman should be fired. He did the same shit before he got here, run game is great but can’t draw up pass plays. I’m tired of his shit"
remember when steelers fans were bitching about the refs
The last two touchdowns were bullshit dpi calls...
Wonder if the steeler fans are still complaining about that one call in the first quarter
I'm gonna have a nervous breakdown.
ISNT THAT A PERSONAL FOUL!?!?!?!?
"That doesn't make any sense. By this logic, the defense can just fake an injury after every play, the clock still runs out and they get a rest"
And also why tf did they not add time
[deleted]
peters watching some marlon tape
"1) Where was the blocking?

2) Why would we pass when we were shredding them with the running game?

3) THROW IT AWAY!!!"
"You had like 3 or 4 yards in front of you, why throw it?"
Jackson needs to cut the fucking shit with the turnovers
JK DOBBINS WAS RUNNING WELL. WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST GIVE HIM THE BALL TO FINISH IT.
"It’s still so weird to watch our corners actually be able to tackle in the open field, I’m not used to this"
Lamars pocket awareness the last 3 games has been absolute dogshit
"We’re you guys not here during the Flacco years? 

Time to run the fucking ball and play def. it’s not over."
I'd like to give a quick shout out to the mods for stomping out these brigading rednecks from Hicksburgh swiftly
"I know it should make me mad but whenever Jackson fucks up and he pops up with that smile?

That god damn smile."
Fuck all the Steelers fans in this thread
"Well, it’s nice to see Cincinnati doing us a favor by taking out the Tennessee Trash"
I feel like Tony Romo would be a good friend
EDC looks like a genius for picking JK
ngokue is noticed hard. nearly every bad Roethlisberger pass has been related to pressure brought by him
Ben with a whopping 24 passing yards.
Steelers fans were so cocky and hyping up their defense after beating on bad teams (excluding the titans which they almost choked). nearly 200 rushing yards allowed at the half lol
"Do y'all really think this is a bad game??

It's a Ravens Steelers game and on defense we're dominating and on offense we're winning more battles than not. Keep this up and we're golden!!"
"Lamar's getting ""Blame of the Game"" if we lose this 100%"
"If not for Lamar fucking up, they have 0 fucking points and its a blowout."
One vantage point is that Lamar is saving us tons of future cap space.  He’s not getting a Mahomes deal with shit like this
"seriously without the 2 int and the fumble were up by 24, the discipline issues from before the  bye week are still there"
I think this just proves that Lamar still needs full pre-season camp activities. Not having full off-season practice and time with receivers has set him back.
We about to game plan this to a loss.
Once again our defense is getting worn out because our offense is fucking stagnant
Bullying us now. If we fall behind we aren’t clawing back.
Now Roman is going to predictably abandon the run because we’re down 4 points
Lamar is being exceptionally careless with the ball today
WHAT THE FUCK WHY DONT YOU CALL THE STEELERS FUCKING PENALTIES HOLY SHIT THE REFS SHOULD GET FIRED
Refs drove the ball for them
False start not called.
Ref ball for literally 5 minutes... bruh judon an idiot for hitting a ref now they’re getting us back
All comes down to the 4th down now. Jesus.
"We are not a contender, Lamar and Roman have regressed hard"
"2 Interceptions, 2 Fumbles, 9 penalties for 110 Yards, 2/3 Injuries (1 season ending), 1 player ejected for punching a referee.

Fucking. Incredible."
"AFTER A WHOLE DAY OF WEAK AS FUCK PI, WE CAN'T GET SHIT"
Blow them tf out on Thanksgiving please
HOLD UP Ben only got 24 yards in the first half???? I better here about this all week just like they do Lamar
Watt is just straight rushing Lamar every play.
Love the Ravens eating up clock. Wanna see the Steelers D gassed in the 4th qtr.
I love how a steelers player just runs straight at lamar every play no matter what
Put Boyle in and tell him the chip block the shit out of TJ punk ass.
Lamar’s gotta know to not hold it for that long. Especially not right at the LOS.
Lamar can’t hold the ball that long
"By the way, guys. You can’t run the ball every down. 

Quit blaming the play calls. That ain’t it."
"Pick six, fumble in the redzone, lose one of our most important players for the season. Just fuck it all up"
Lamar is holding the ball too long. He needs to get the ball out quick. Especially with the line is shambles. He’s not gonna have the time to wait for something perfect to open up
Their offense hasn't done shit. This is very winnable
That looked like the Prime 2019 offense
Longest half ever holy shit
Say what you want about Lamar but he’s tough as nails
Snead out there like who the fuck is Dez Bryant
The refs calling forward progress there is some bullshit
"I heard a lot of people talking shit about OBJ (Orlando) and I just can't take it. He is solid af and we are lucky to have him.

Edit: This shit talk was a result of me saying OBJ could definitely hold it down at LT if he needed to. And he looks the part."
Attn: Can we take a second to slow clap the O-line for staying strong #Next Man Up
"We played like shit against the eagles in the second half 

This game is far from over"
I really think this defense can be historic
Let's not act like the game is over - WE NEED TO CLOSE. Don't take your foot off their neck until the 4th quarter is done!
Let’s not get comfortable. The Steelers are incredibly well run. They’ll make it tough for us to continue how we did first half.
Bowser > Judon
Can’t say that I notice a difference with Judon gone...
[deleted]
Blame of the game is so easily Lamar. Doesn’t matter how bad the play calling is you still don’t just throw it into defenders lol
Lamar..  you got this
"Judging from a lot of these comments, a lot of people must've forgot how Ravens-Steelers games usually go...."
Lamar PFF grade going to be a 0.0 for this game
#Harbs needs to go upstairs and smack the shit out of Roman
"Just a disgraceful offensive performance yet again.

Imagine thinking Brown, Boykin and Snead will take you to the promised land in this league..."
Yeah that is clearly Opi on Claypool
Claypool acting like he didn’t get bailed out by like 3 bs calls
Must be nice only having to go 30 yards a drive to score
"110-30 penalty yards

What a fucking joke"
"""7 straight run plays"" and look at the good it's done us!!!!"
Ofc the Refs fucked us again
No clue on how they just allowed it to be 8 seconds
starting to wish judon actually hit that ref
Well fuck. Is that Lamar's first pick-6?
Worst throw I've seen him make I think.
I swear we absolutely waste a play on every set of downs.
Boykin looking like a man today!!!
"Refs- Call a bullshit foul

Peters- aight i see you. I’ll let em catch it"
Keep feeding the bus
"Now all we gotta do is run the ball, don't risk with an INT, eat from the clock and run for a TD. LET'S GO AND FUCK THE STEELERS!"
Keep running the ball. Watt is spying Lamar only. Hand it off to Gus/Dobbins for easy 5 yrds/carry
I got hate for saying TJ is a dirty player. Watch him on literally every rush get a late hit on Lamar
Hyped we got the ball but that PI call on Peters was just about the worst fucking thing I've ever seen
Lamar needs to stop playing hero ball sometimes
"well boys, we could go on to blow out the steelers and this would still be a very bad day for our football team. Sad to see it."
Getting Brigaded.
This thread is moving so fast that no one will know that I’m saying fuck the Steelers!!
Dumbass Judon
Oh well... More snaps for Yannick and bowser
Judon leaves the field and we get our first sack 😂  oh the irony
"I think the whole mutual respect thing is out the window right now. Both teams just want to kill each other, and it's the way it should be."
"Being frustrated at their offense 

Steelers 🤝 Ravens"
WHY THE FUCK DIDN'T THEY STOP THE CLOCK FUCKING BS
The Dolphins are beating the Rams 28-7 with under 60 yards of offense.  Wow.
Karma for that weak dpi call on Peters in the first
That turnover was basically a fuck you to our defense
17-0 if lamar doesnt make bonehead plays
Only Ravens mistakes are keeping the Steelers in this game.
"Lamar better show the fuck up.  He's been trash this game, and people saying otherwise on this thread need to face the facts."
Only difference between Lamar's performance in this game versus the Bengals game is the Steelers are catching these INTs.
"Right tackle is a full two yards off the line, receivers never getting set... We got called for both of those earlier when it wasn't nearly as bad"
Sack that rapist!
Justice Hill is in and we do a QB dive on 3rd and 8... We have lost all confidence smdh
Guys it’s okay to be critical of Lamar. We don’t have to go through mental gymnastics to just say he’s been bad today
"We've just seen in the past 3 minutes

* a Lamar rush TD
* a Hollywood / Lamar pass TD
* another Hollywood / Lamar pass TD"
"Our offensive line: 

LT: Orlando Brown (filling in for injured Ronnie Stanley)

LG: Bradley Bozeman (3rd year 6th round pick)

C: Matt Skura (5th year UDFA, coming off a ACL, MCL, PLC, and dislocated knee injury)

RG: Patrick Mekari (2nd year UDFA, filling in for injured Tyre Philips)

RT: DJ Fluker (29 year old RT filling in for Orlando Brown)"
They aren't even showing us a replay - it was def bs
Literally a free TD on a silver platter from the refs I can't even believe it
These ficking ticky tacky penalties are so fucking stupid
Nice job showing the “pi” cbs
The flags have been very ticky tacky and they’re throwing every flag on us. If Lamar wins this despite the turnovers he’ll have a lot of respect. Mahomes has won games like this numerous times. It’s time we see LJ do it too
Lol “too weak to rebuild our nation (that we broke)”
This game has been called so shit it's not even close to funny.
ITS ALMOST LIKE WE'RE GOOD AT RUSHING OR SOMETHING!!!
Lamar goes right he has a TD.
They’ve got to charge the Steelers a timeout for that
Shluld be a forced timeout at the end of last play
they have to either give us 5 yards or give us a timeout for the injury
How did we not get more time. That's bullshit
CALLS FOR PI FOR THEM ALL FUCKING GAME
That was a clear foul.
Fitzpatrick made contact before the ball was even there
"With Lamar off his game, a number of O line injuries, rainy day... Not the outcome any of us wanted but appreciated the hustle in the last 5. Move on, learn, and bring better energy and healthy players to playoffs"
Judon has more hits on an official than opposing QBs lmaooo
fuck tj watts bum ass
Someone in the sub said duv is starting. If so. LETTSSS FUCKINGG GOOOOOOO
this game will decide my feelings for the rest of today and beyond a little
Miss yanda...
Mikes Boykin said fuck this subreddit
Great job by Lamar and Boykin on the TD
#PETERS WITH THE REDEMPTION!!
"""Welp, here I go being a sledgehammer again""

- Gus Edwards"
Steelers have a good plan sending Watt every single time. The traditional run game has to feast on his lack of contain
Saw that coming.....Lamar tuck it and run baby
Lamar needs to get out of his own head and just do what he do
Dobbins runs for 30....next play let's pass...
Horrible injury after a massive extension seems a very Ravens thing... fuck
Any chance EDC can swing a 5th for a top 3 LT??
let’s win it for Stanley. PLEASE.
Lamar is so indecisive this season.  Looks like a rookie.
"If Lamar thinks he’s gonna have more than 3 seconds to throw, especially without Stanley, we’re fucked"
Pitts offense looks weak as fuck
"That drive, on this defense, was absolutely LEGENDARY"
This game is for stanley
"As I have said for far too many years, ""Every time Roethlisberger is sacked, an angel gets her wings."""
Lamar playing 4d chess with the fumble for the extra yardage
Ankle for ronnie..better than knee?
"Takeaways at the half:

-They're lucky they're not losing by more points.

-Ben hasn't thrown Marlon's way at all.

-This OL combo is great at setting up the run. I like that a whole lot, especially thinking about the future.

-A classic AFC North turnover showdown."
Tucker is the greatest NFL player of all time When rated by how good they are at their job
Imagine if that pick-6 didn't happen and we were up 17-0
"We are playing an undefeated team, Lamar has looked shaky but I have to remind you Lamar always tightens that shit up. in the second half, we are only screwed when his mistakes get us behind."
Defense nice and rested
"Not Ravens related, but I'm so glad Tua is balling

I was hyped for him for the past 2 years, and with the pressure of burrow and herbert, in glad he's playing well too.

Disappointed that all three of those are in the afc though!!"
Ben going full flacco and heaving the ball downfield hoping for flags
What the fuck is wrong with Lamar
Such bad throws. So fucking bad. Lamar is embarrassing himself today. 14 points currently in effect due to Lamar's turnover. Let's see if our defense can keep it from being 21.
WHY THE FUCK DID WE NOT RUN THE BALL. I'M LEGIT PISSED
"Also important to acknowledge all these Lamar turnovers are happening in either our 20 or their 20, he's absolutely killing us today."
Lamar either makes great plays or questionable plays
We’re getting a touchdown rn
I feel like we've somehow regressed back to the flacco years. And not the good ones
Which pedestrian Steelers LB is gonna get a pick next drive?
We're down because of Lamar
"I need a lamar response drive, or ima be irrationally angry at him the rest of the day"
It ain’t over yet.  Chin up and “CAW CAW!!”
Romo is being annoying asf today. Usually I love him but my god
Fire Greg Roman
There are so many times this season where I’ve seen refs destroy the raven momentum with bad calls. Forget the ravens/ Steelers rivalry. It’s ravens/ refs.
How hard is it to call it a TD and  just review it?
yay thanks refs for fucking us again and again. 0 oline holds on pits right? fuck this league
Claypool wouldn't last a minute with the Baltimore fans he's trash talking lmao
"Quick, start saying the Ravens are done. They are good when we say they’re done."
"Nothing else to say about that drive other than the refs should be ashamed, such stupid calls moved the ball for them."
Pathetic. 100 yards again of penalties. More shit offense. More shit defense at crucial times. Fuck me.
"What a bunch of bullshit calls holy crap.... they're not allowed to play \*any\* defense.  Steelers throw it deep, if no catch then pass interference."
"That drive, sponsored by refs.

Refs, you can't get the rub of the green with them if you're the Baltimore Ravens."
Can't wait to score so steelers can come out and launch a 95 yard pass and get a flag to win.
I’m loving dobbins.
DOBBINS IS A BEAST
Why the fuck would we kick a FG? We're down 4
Lamar shoulda bounced it outside ahhhh
4th and game
fucking heart attack time
With all the shit happened this game I'm proud of our boys against a great team
No matter what happens defense balled out today not one ounce a blame to them
#THEY BETTER FUCKING PUT TIME BACK
"If they didnt give the time back, they should have given 5 more yards for being offside."
WHERE IS THE TIME
"Trash refs. I know Ravens effed up, but that legit cost us another chance..."
If I hated the steelers now even more
Fun ref ball
Tough when you had to play the Steelers and the Stealers in one game.
Just fake an injury if you want with 20 seconds left. You don’t have to worry about the zebras giving time back to the ravens
Fuck off with these Trump ads
"""We aren't going to let you run a play because of the injury, but you also get no more time.""

BS"
No time added to the clock and an un-called DPI in the end zone. Perfect ending to such a shit game.
Lamar gifting them 14 points. smh. worst game of his career IMO.
Bro every fucking week they have Bill Cowher sucking off some Steeler in an interview
Boykin took coaches words to heart
"Tied the game back up! Good shit, not losing our heads"
#COME ON DEFENSE GET AN EVEN BETTER PICK SIX!!
Steelers fans crying about the refs in r/NFL lol
Lmao r/NFL is saltyyyyy
"Ah, just like every other Ravens-steelers game. We both beat tf out of each other, and go from DAMMIT to YEAH BOI every 3 seconds"
Peters luring them into a false sense of security with that penalty so he could get the fumble
That’s instant redemption from peters lol
"Peters said, ""fine, I'll just let him catch it then"""
Lamar throwing a pick 6 is like the lead singer throwing up before actually going on stage and performing a huge gig lmao
Juiceman has officially graduated from the Marlon Humphrey School of forcing fumbles.
Dobbins will finish the drive
After seeing Pit fans complaining about the refs i sincerely hope we put 60 on em man
"Tony Romo: ""ravens need to get 4 yards on first downs today""

Ravens: get 4 yards on every first down"
"Steelers are hitting Lamar after every play even obvious runs. There's gonna be a fight, I'll be disappointed if we don't start one. They're dirty and we need to send a message"
Held onto it too long honestly
Lamar wtf??????? Can't do that shit in the fucking red zone.
Really gonna be one of those games.
"Jackson seems too zoned in to prove he can pass the ball. Run that down the middle and he’s in. Gotta look to the coaches on this, they’re holding him back."
Delay of game. At least 3rd uncalled penalty on the Steelers...
"Defense is bailing the offense out so far, again."
We gotta get out of our own way The way defense is playing we owe them a score
What kind of spot was that by the ref?
"Lamar is my QB, no doubt.  But his decision making these past weeks have had me frustrated with him.  Prove me wrong MVP!"
Fuck TJ Watt
Lamar's going to be under the gun all game now. Losing Stanley hurts bad.
"That will probably be our most impactful injury this year, can’t overstate how bad it will be to have Stanley out."
Bro I’m gonna be honest as I sit here in my LJ jersey. Dude has been making wildly risk decisions every single game this season. I do not want to see him become a liability. Coaches need to sear this into his brain
This game is really hard to watch emotionally
PLEASE LET RONNIE BE ALRIGHT.
Steelers offense looks ass so far. We need a TD
Apparently helmet to helmet contact isn’t a penalty on Lamar.
"#HANDS DOWN BEST DRIVE ALL SEASON

only one pass and ran all over them. WIN FOR STANLEY"
Gus is a starter on other rosters.
We have no choice but to run it down their throats. They’re not stopping the run and it’s the perfect way to neutralize the pass rush
Gus and JK are the future
Y’all see Watt so pissed! Lmao
Offsetting flags
If refs were smart the penalties would be offset...
Judon is a fucking imbecile.
Judon you dumb fuck
"Even though it didn't look intentional, why is it always fucking Judon."
Ref is an absolute pussy. If you don’t want to be touched don’t be in the middle of a scrum between fuckin 200-300lb mammoths
"Man, Judon got the short end of the stick on that. Didn’t mean to, was trying to split them up, but fuck."
I’m glad Yannick is here to stay
Man I want to see calais squish Ben's ugly ass
I don't care there is only 3:44 left.  Run the ball.  Don't give Steelers ball back.
"I know he wasn’t trying to hit the ref. But he’s still an idiot for trying to break out like that so close to a ref. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes."
Romo hearing and interpreting the audible calls makes me so angry at the normal commentator quality.
It's not an INT but what an awful fucking throw
We’ve dominated this game and have practically nothing to show for it.
"Hey diddle diddle, Dobbins up the middle"
The number of formation penalties this team has every week is fucking infuriating
"SAY IT ROMO SAY HIS NAME 
JUSTIN TUCKER"
"A run heavy game and we’re the last game to reach half time 

lol"
Can we just let it set in that defense pitched a shutout so far.
"Colts fan dropping by, Tucker is just so sensational. Cherish him."
A lot went wrong but god dammit our guys are showing some god damn heart today. I love it.
"Didn't even look at the TV, knew he'd make it

Positives: The Steelers offense was shut out the WHOLE half. 26 straight quarters of scoring now. The run game is looking strong

Negatives: Losing Phillips and Stanley. WTF Judon? Lamar is still messy today, ball control needs to be a focus."
it’s a pleasure to watch the kicking goat casually nail a 51 yarder with 0 fear.
Goddamn I love never worrying about our Kicker missing
Being up 10 without Ronnie and Judon with 2 turnovers whilst dominating TOP and yards just shows how good we can be if we get everything working.
"Steelers defense is legitimately a nightmare matchup for Lamar. The THIRD year QB is up 17-7 at the half. I understand he hasn't been perfect, but gotta give the kids props. We're popping off some big runs because Steelers defense was told dont let Lamar out of your sights, yet he's still making crucial plays in a rainy day. Lets keep this up in the second half!!!"
Fuck off Romo
Wtf was that? That pass was never gonna make it. Lamars been a borderline liability this game. Not that Ben is doing much either but Jesus
"Jackson oats his chest and says ""My fault.""

No shit."
This defense deserves better than our offense
Lamar has been Pittsburgh's best offense today holy shit
This team is winning in spite of Lamar and the passing game. An elite defense and running game is what’s carrying us. Face the facts. Whenever we pass Lamar puts us in worse positions.
Lamars decision making this season has been fucking awful.
Lamar refuses to read defenses pre snap. Roman refuses to do anything pre snap to help him out. It’s like the book on developing quarterbacks is being willfully ignored. Year 3 is the make or break year for quarterbacks and these decisions are not getting any better from Lamar or the coaching staff.
"I don't buy the ""its just a good defense,"" Steelers aren't forcing 4+ turnovers every week. This is bad QB play."
why can't Hollywood brown get open? first round pick with no catches.  we need a spark on offense to go with the run game.
This game would be 24-0 Ravens without the turnovers
Defense doing that thing again where they are nowhere to be seen around open receivers past the sticks
"Take some notes, Lamar. That's how fast you need to release the ball sometimes."
We have 17 points they have one good drive all game and take the lead
Let's see if the MVP can wake up after 2.5 quarters.
Time to punch back
Just gifting them shit today.
Also I’m a giant lamar fan but come on hes just playing like garbage right now
We need a takeaway from our d right now.
I believe in the madden curse now
Idgaf about the scoring streak RUN THE BALL ON SECOND AND EIGHt
please stop going 5 wide please stop it
I see our offence has used the bye week *exceptionally well*.
that is the weakest holding call I think I have ever seen lmao what the fuck
"#WE SCORED 3 TDs THERE, DON'T @ ME"
"So one thing I’m realizing, is that even though this isn’t a textbook come from behind game. This is the third lead change. Lamar has been ridiculed for not being able to keep the team in games if he isn’t leading. This might be a step in the right direction for his confidence. Especially against the Steelers"
This reminds me of last years game in Pitt where the refs just walked them down the field every drive.
Refs blind to Steelers holding but got 20/20 vision on our team
stupid cunt claypool silencing the fans? yeah easy when the refs drive the field for you.
They couldn’t even find a replay to show for the pass interference on Marlon because it was such hot garbage.
"Please run the ball. Please run the ball and burn some clock. Please run the ball, burn some clock, and don’t give Big Ben any time for a last-minute drive."
"Ejections, over 100 yards of penalties, blatantly not calling oline holding or obvious pick plays on PITs. Like what's even the point to watch NFL when its this poorly called."
Refs carrying old Big Ben because he's too heavy to do it himself
Frankly if Lamar can’t manufacture a drive here we aren’t made for the super bowl yet
"Eat this clock, get seven, end it."
I am fucking in love with Dobbins
This seems like a good time to bring up the fact that JK Dobbins banged my girlfriends cousin
Omg I hate this team on third down and it shouldn’t be like that
This 4th down is do or die for us 😬
That was a horrible play call and everyone is blaming Lamar. He had no shot on that play.
They literally cannot stop the fucking run and Roman got anxious bc they stopped one run play
Not even a fan of either team but I mean kind of unnecessary roughness or something jeez
Forgot about the Steeler refs
"Analyst: ""Ravens are imposing their will on this steelers team"" folks we absolutely love to hear it."
Steelers and Refs vs Ravens Every year.
"Bengals fan here. Just wanted to say
Fuck the Steelers!!"
"Thats not on roman. Lamar has gifted them 14, shit happens. Gotta play better"
6-0 Steelers at 5-1 Ravens at 1 pm....2-5 Cowboys at 2-4-1 Eagles for primetime. Tell me thats not some bullshit
"Steelers are literally just tackling Lamar on every play and the refs are like ""Idk I didn't see anything""

EDIT: a word"
They could’ve been called for unnecessary roughness 3 times already.
Wow where has this Boykin been???
Gorgeous throw.
This is going to be a good but stroke-inducing game.
I think they put a GPS voice in Boykins helmet cause he was actually where he was supposed to be lmao
[removed]
MARCUS PEANUTS
Karma for the bullshit PI
I say that makes up for the “pass interference”
4 yards every run is what we need at the very least
bruh i missed the first fiveminutes did lamar throw a pick six ?
My wife is from Central PA. Needless to say we haven’t spoken today. Fuck the Steelers.
Bro are you fucking kidding me
"Chew an aspirin folks, gonna be a stressful day lol."
Dude. Fucking throw it. Jesus.
So at this rate there’ll be 15 turnovers between both teams but the end of the game
He’s gotta calm the fuck down
Is it just me or could he have ran that in or at least close to the end zone?
I’m loving this defense right now
Lamar on the bench wondering what that kind of protection would be like
Both teams have a championship Defense clearly. I just need Lamar to awaken the inner MVP
Are the refs just ignoring the play clock? Pretty sure they had 2 plays out of 3 run out the clock and no call
"Jimmy Smith is like a fine wine. He’s ironically gotten better for us even as his talent has dropped off, simply by being able to step into a less demanding role"
That proves my theory refs have no fucking idea where a kick goes out hes 10 yards off
We **have to** capitalize. Lamar can't pump fake three times. Just give it to Dobbins and Gus!! They're gaining at least 4-5 yards in 1st down runs. We don't need to pass on these jabronis
10 minutes in and the Steeler’s offense hasn’t done shit without a gifted DPI. That’s a positive. Just need to finish a drive.
Steelers are so fucking dirty
FUCK YOU PITTSBURGH
TJ Watt can fuck himself
"Jesus fucking Christ... and of course it’s fucking Watt, despite it being accidental.... FUCK!"
Fuck offense were winning with defense now
It has to be bad coaching. Why doesn't anyone tell Jackson to learn when to throw it away?
BLESS UP BIG RONNIE GET BETTER SOON MY GUY
Turned on the game and the first thing I see is Stanley getting carted off the field. Fuck my life bro
I can’t even watch after the Ronnie Stanley injury I’m so hurt boys
Orlando Brown could be an LT on other teams. The season isn't over.
I wonder if Ngakoue could play O line...?
Ravens need to run it more. They literally get 4-5 yards a carry...
"Lamar throws a TD: “OMG GOAT MVP”

Lamar throws an incompletion: “wtf how did he regress, when will he learn to throw”"
All crap aside the Ravens are playing good football on both sides of the field. Turnovers were bad but offense has moved well against the (2nd) best D in the league
Wait... running as a run-heavy offense... works?
That drive looked like the 2019 ravens
checkmate Roman our pass blocking olineman are all injured. now you ha w no choice but to run the ball
TJ Watt could stab Lamar with a rusty faceshield and I don't think the refs would call a penalty
"Calling it, we're resigning Gus next year"
Dont be stupid boys
"Weak ass call, ejection my ass"
I mean he obviously wasn't trying to punch the official but jesus Judon you are such an idiot.
"Everyone saying Judon is a dumbass rn. He did NOT swing at the ref. He’s pulling his arm from the coach. 

Should he have been penalized? Sure. DQ’d? Hell no."
NFL refs are the weakest people on this planet I swear
Judon will be a great Jet.
Judon was pulling that pos steeler off Peters' facemask
"Oh boy, here comes the ""can we trade Judon?"" posts, as if anyone wants that enough to give something up."
"Lol, this is a good game. Really feisty! Haven't seen that from the Ravens/Steelers matchup in while."
DeSack Elliott
"This is Ravens/Steelers football.

I hate it... BUT I LOVE IT!"
[deleted]
"Deshon has really impressed me, screw ET3"
seeing campbell jump is fucking scary
"This game definitely has a different atmosphere than last years 2 games. The rivalry is back. FUCK THE STEELERS. 

....And watt can suck my dick"
Uh oh - Ben faking an injury there. He setting up the ‘toughness comeback’ BS.
Fuck that rapist
I just had a heart attack
I think we can survive without Stanley with Brown Jr switched to the left and Fluker on the right
I love that Lamar always has a smile on his face after stuff like that. He's starting to have fun out there
"Now 4 starters, JFC. Just wrap everyone in bubble wrap and send Judon to therapy."
"Incomplete, but jesus fuck, Lamar"
All those Lamar haters love to knock his throws but love those runs ....
Honestly 200+ yards from this offense against that defense is hella fucking impressive. Especially with no Stanley.
DOBBINS IS SO GOOD
Snead isn't the flashiest player but he's consistent when we need him 🙏🏻
Aaaaaaand that’s why I’m at home and not coaching on Sundays
"Means nothing, but Lamar's behind the back spiral pass to ref was amazing."
Romo didn’t have shit to say about Tucker.
ROMO QUIET
Should honestly be blowing them out
"I swear to God, you could make the goal post four feet wide and Tucker would still make 90% of his kicks"
DEFENSE is playing lights out once again. First half shutout.
Despite everything I feel we have the momentum. We’ve kept the Steelers offense off the field.
Best run game iv seen all season. Dobbins  looks amazing. Cant wait to get Ingram back to.
I can already tell 4th quarter gonna have me hyperventilating.......and I'm not looking forward to it
steelers offence hasn't scored yet
"All this talk about the Steelers being the #1 defense, nope.  

We're #1 by far."
Let’s go. Revenge for Ronnie
Big Ben just doubled his passing yards in one play. concern.
JIMMY SMITH STILL A LOCKDOWN
Lamar is killing us
Lamar is single handedly keeping the steelers in the game. 3 crucial turnovers that are 100% on him.
Lamar man what are you doing
"Been seeing lots of comments: 


>	Lamar is playing maybe one of the worst games of his career.


The fact that our GDT’s are saying stuff like this *every. Single. Week* this season is big concerning"
Lamar had a bye week to prepare and he’s putting up the worse performance of his career. I don’t get it.
Lamar has made average LBs look like pro bowlers today.
Refs still butthurt that Judon “made contact” with one of them.
What is our defense doing? Can somebody explain why they are suddenly just giving up 10 yards plays out of nowhere
"[Extremely Greg Roman-ishly]

Uh oh, looks like we’re trailing now. TIME TO ABANDON THE RUN."
Cmon Lamar defense can only bail you out so many times
Don't wanna run on 2nd....but we'll run 3rd and 8...
Our passing game is nothing but Lamar trying to improvise. Nothing has worked as designed.
play calling has become predictable and stale.
Need a turnover
WHAT IS THIS. I really don't understand how people become OCs and are this trash. Get your fucking eyes off the Microsoft surface and watch the field.
Watching this game is the opposite of a good time
Why the fuck has TJ Watt been unblocked for like 25% of the snaps
Please Lamar do something 🙏
"Please just let Gus and Dobbins do their job. Stop going empty sets.

I seriously believe Roman and the team are letting social media response and PFF hype from stats dictate our game plans."
Let’s go Lamar!! Overcome adversity and let’s score! Show we can play from behind and get the lead back.
Watt is such a dirty fuck. Literally after every single play he does some stupid bullshit
You can only blame Lamar so much when receivers can't get open and the line can't get you more than 2 seconds
??????????? Go fuck yourself refs
Ravens made a good play QUICK THROW A FLAG
Were not getting that call with these refs but I think it’s still a smart challenge
knee that came down on the white.  We arent gonna win the challenge.
We just need one more stop
You all love Lamar again or what
I remember how it feels to be a Ravens fan circa 2011-2018.
Bonds literally gave up on the play???
Who tf is 38
I hate bitching about refs but omg
What the fuck did we do to these refs.
Have there been any calls at all on Pittsburgh after that first late hit?
Why was peters just watching that whole play
the refs are literally giving the steelers the game
Another questionable penalty by the refs. What the fuck
These penalties are a bit excessive
REFS GO SUCK A DICK
What is up with the penalties this year. Seems like we get so many this season
WAS THAT NOT AN ILLRGAL PICK?!!!
"Lol, that whole drive was gift-wrapped by the refs..."
It's just not fun to watch games that are completely manufactured by the refs.
110 yards (a free touchdown) gifted by the refs. John has to be vocal about this bullshit
"This D just gave up a long field with undisciplined play, lack of pressure and bad coverage.  C'mon man..."
100% ref aided drive
"Refs can call the game however they want, but just call the game the same BOTH WAYS"
"throw it and wait for the ref

gameplan is solid for ben"
Holy fuck the Bungles are gonna beat the Titans
Awful 3rd & 5
I don’t like the feeling of this one bit
Someone hold me
WHY TF IS IT EMPTY BACKFIELD ON 4TH AND 3
Well the “run the ball” crowd technically got what we were asking for lol
Empty backfield? On 4th and short? This is honestly shit that OCs get fired for
Holy fuck I’m just in disbelief at how bad that call was
Fuck the refs. Fuck the Steelers.
#NEED IV SNEED
We should get more time
Can we get some time back on the clock then...?
They better add time to the clock
Fuck dude my heart. I'm screaming so loud in going to get evicted
Lol fake injuries because the defense is gassed
Where is our 12 seconds back?
"we should've gotten time on the clock cuz of the injury 

WTFFFFFF"
Unreal. Refs love them
Some classic fucking refball sealed this
You dont see clearer fouls ever.
Damn can’t believe what I just saw. Duck the Steelers and fuck the north
I think LJ will learn from this.
"Steeler fan here coming in peace who for years loses fingernails watching the best rivalry in the NFL. Wanted to say I wish Ronnie Stanley who is a freaking warrior a speedy recovery. It’s fun to hate each other, the Ravens are ALWAYS tough as nails and I am here for it. Much respect, get well soon Ronnie if I’m going to talk shit I want u on the field"
[deleted]
"Call me what u will, but Lamar has single handedly fucked us."
"That looked bad. 

Refs fucked y'all

#birdgang."
"People saying it wasn’t intentional, tj watt tried to kill desean Watson out of bounds in the Texans game"
[deleted]
With these calls I wish Judon would have knocked that mf out lol
Blame of the game is Lamar and anybody who says otherwise needs to take their TV back to the store and never watch football again.
Have a good game games. I believe in y’all.
If you are watching this sober you are a warrior
Boykin and Snead showing up fucking finally
That's how you come back from a pick 6
Boykin looks incredible today. Maybe adding Dez to the squad is already paying dividends.
I'm gonna have a heart attack today
That's how you respond!!!!
Good ass drive after the mistake
Dez bryant is a wr whisperer bruh
So we are all gonna stay here right? Just let the Steelers fans melt down in the main thread.
Love to see steeler fans crying about refs like they aren’t one of the golden boy franchises that get favored constantly lol
Are they the fuck serious?? That wasn't catchable
PETERS TAKETH AND PETERS GIVETH.
Gonna die of cardiac arrest today goodbye cruel world.
He ripped the ball back under the pile ha
Turn it into 7. Let’s go.
What do you get when you cross an angry Raven and a shitty ass call by the refs? You get what you fucking deserve 💀
steelers fans gonna cry about the refs im sure
Son of a mother fucking BITCH these games
Damnit man. That’s two Lamar.
Why is he so afraid to take off and run?
I've seen that type of mistake happen one too many times. Keeps pumping then falls out
Saw that coming with the three pump fakes
"Bad Lamar . You are at the fucking goal line. This is the Steelers. Their Pressure is going to get to you after 4 secs.. You don’t pump fucking fake when the pocket around you has basically collapsed

Oline did it’s job and gave you more than enough time to make a decision. That’s 100 percent on Lamar"
This offence is just up and down. Lack of consistency will kill a team. The good means shit if you follow it up with bad play.
lets get a fucking safety going here.
Someone needs to tell lamar he's playing in the nfl and not his back yard
Lamar has to fucking tuck and run there
My fedex guy won’t put packages on my porch lol
God I miss Yanda so much. The big bearded beautiful bastard.
We’re playing fast and smart on d. Let’s keep it up.
"Short field, need some points. Lamar has to focus on ball security."
Offense did not even look that bad so far against the best defense in the league good shit guys
I just want to see Ngakoue get a sack today. Let’s go!!
"Well, it was a good year. The o line is already shit"
How was that dirty?  He rolled into him.
Lamar is making god awful decisions
Fortunately Ben looks terrible today
Remember when Peyton Manning got carried by his defense with the Colts to a Super Bowl? That might have to be us this year.
Man that turnover in the red zone gonna be painful at the end. Suspect 3 extra points would be enough to win this game
Lamar needs to stop trying to be a pocket passer and be Lamar. Be the person that got you the MVP and not this pocket person.
It’s almost like we built a team to pound and pound....
GUS THE BUS!
"&#x200B;

**Touchdown Ravens!!!!**"
minkah definitely led with his head on that lamar hit
Everyone stepping up rn !
"Holy shit, did Greg Roman just *adjust*?"
How did Stanley go down and then we dominate the power run on that drive. Football doesn’t make sense lol
"Ronnie Stanley getting injured is so terrible.

I get so sad whenever a big bear goes down."
Lamar took the toughest shot of his career on the chin (literally) and got right back up. Obviously he can't be getting hit all the time but all those people and media who said he's fragile can fuck off. Kid is tough
That was the best drive I've seen all season
I hate that it took Stanley going down for us to start running the offense this way.
"If not for the fumble, this game'd likely be 21-7. This is tense, but we knew it would be. We've answered the call well today"
TJ Watt crying on the sidelines hahah
Watt are you crying about
The Steelers are bitches
"Fuck these officials man 

if you need 5 to talk it over its no fucking penalty

no one wants to see you on the screen"
Stupid fucking Judon
Judon is literally good for one thing and thats getting penalties
Alright nevermind Judon didn’t do anything that ref flopped
Judon is dumb but that wasn’t his fault
THATS THE SAME FUCKING REF PUT THE PUNT 10 YARD DOWN FUCKING STEELERS FAN
Campbell is our god
I’m just enjoying the hell out of Nantz Romo
Saints fan here. That PI on Peters early in the game was a weak call and so was that Judon call
Anyone see that dudes Flacco hoodie?  Elite
Ravens Steelers is the best rivslry by far in the NFL
"Yannick made first contact, I love it


Great call, Wink let's fuckin goooooo"
The D might be faster without Judon. It's fine. FTS.
So is Ben actually hurt or is he just acting hurt like he always does
"There it is, the annual Ben Rothlisberger fake injury against us"
Ben's gonna play up an injury and then limp around all game because he loves when people think he's tough.
"I miss Ronnie, but it’s nice to see how well were doing without him against such a good defense"
It's almost time for a bomb to Marquise
Lamar is trying so hard to prove the doubters wrong that hes proving them right.
Ravens are proving the forward pass was a mistake
They are not the #1 defense. They have just played shitty teams.
Over 150 rushing yards in the first HALF
Hello everyone! I hope you have some room on the bandwagon for a Texans fan this year. My friend recently took his own life and the Ravens were his team.  Immersing myself in the Ravens seems like the only appropriate thing to do. Can’t wait to join y’all along the journey this year ❤️
They called Justin Tucker “one of the absolute best” and I’m offended.
AutomaTUCK!
#Tuck God
"#THAT CLOCK STOP!

Lamar hurling the spare ball just in time to snap down the live ball with 3 seconds left - incredible."
That Tucker wink at the camera
God I fucking love Justin Tucker
Remember how bad the thread was 9 seconds in
"

The team's use/nonuse of Dobbins to this point is absurd. He may be the 3rd best player on offense after LJ and Andrews and they barely use him."
[What its like to have Justin Tucker as your kicker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YOieAQvvRc)
we’re destroying this team and we’re playing like shit. we can turn this into a throttling if we stop shooting ourselves in the foot
At the least this dispels any notion of the Steelers being “superior in every facet of the game” a take I saw quite a bit on their sub leading up to this game
Man there's a lot to like about this game and a lot to not like. Really up and down.
Why is the pick-6 the highlight they show when the Steelers are losing so badly
We need to resign bowser to replace Judon please
The fact that wasn’t a flag and the peters one earlier was lol
Steelers complaining about flags is hilarious
Lamar WTF ARE YOU DOING
Holy fuck Lamar...
"That’s 14 points just off Lamar, that is unacceptable MVP or not"
Run the ball? You get 170 yards in a half and we just abandon it. So frustrating.
Lamar has not looked good since before the chiefs game which is concerning
Embarassing stretch of football there.
All of the Steelers points are off turnovers today.... literally the only way they can score.
My buddy defending Lamar and saying he's not throwing bad today is just dumb
Lamar is giving them the game come on wake up
We'll bounce back.
Feed the bus and Dobbins
Supposed to be a penalty for talking to the refs with no mask
"If we lose the game, it’s on Lamar"
They won't show a replay. What the hell happened to the defense?  No one within 10 feet of the receiver.
Lamar the anti Flacco plays well against the bengals poor against the Steelers
Did anyone watch Unsolved Mysteries on Netflix? What was up with the alien episode?
Lamar been coughing up the ball all day and been throwing reckless passes. He needs to stop being so reckless with the football
Steelers could win this game just by throwing the ball up in the air. The refs are clearly just calling pi no matter what.
"Is this the first time the Steelers have even ""driven"" to our end of the field? Garbage DPI call got them there, this would be a blowout if Lamar was just having a below average game as opposed to an all-time terrible game."
Weird how we didn’t need to dive at Ben’s legs there
Momentum has been completely shifted
They're just running short slants and curls and moving the chains. Odds our offense is taking notes?
All momentum has been lost. This sucks.
No point in paying Judon when we got Ferguson and Bowser and Ngakoue?
We sure can give up a lead but can never come back
Defense could only hold them off so long. Lamar fucked this game.
I love Lamar but this one is on him if we lose
Lamar will get the blame of the game if he doesn't ball out here in the end of the 3rd and 4th
Dammit we gotta stop playing playoff football
"Where are all th fucking ""Calm down were up guys"" people.  This is why you play like you're always down until clock hits 00:00"
What is a J Balvun?
Anyone blaming roman needs to look deep at Lamar. A NFL qb should be trusted to throw a corner route
I just bought a Lamar jersey and this is my first game wearing it. This is obviously my fault I'm sorry everyone
Ball security coach is edward scissorhands
"and now we're seeing Badrews again.

Jesus."
"Can we also be honest, this patchwork offensive line against the kind of d line we are facing isn't helping."
#Roman Has To Go
Really a qb dive on 3 and 8 welp boys somebody get the gun
Every time the ravens get the lead they forget how to play football
Hill jumped out the way. Fml.
Hollywood had 1v 1 on the outside. Would rather have had a deep shot whatever the outcome than a dive play
3rd and 8 and you’re running an option with our 3rd string RB with the division on the line
Unfortunate that Hollywood couldn't play today
"I JUST WANTED MY TEAM TO WIN AND HOLD A LEAD.

GUESS THAT'S TOO MUCH TO FUCKING ASK FOR"
CBS sitcoms will heal the racial divide...
How are we not throwing on 3rd and 8
"Probably the biggest defensive possession of the game, inspiring stuff that they held up here.

If you gotta play for field goals and grind the win out in all for it"
I’m gonna throw up
I'm so fucking sick of this game. Ronnie and the turnovers are just making this so unenjoyable
Lamar missed that wide open TD fuck
Four down territory. We gotta get to the 1 with everything then QB sneak
So Ravens have to get a TD 3 times for it to “count” cool
Every damn year this game is some extra shit
"To the naysayers, bandwagoners, and fairweather  fans:

Remember this drive, and don't show your face in the post-game thread."
"Best Ravens-Steelers game in a while. So much drama, action, and momentum shifts! :O"
Why is this Bonds guy playing football?
Why aren't they calling holding on the Steelers like god damn why do the refs hate us
Marlon punch this bitch so I can quit drinking
"Never thought I would say these words

We need Averett back to get Bonds outta here"
Dude these flags are actually insane.
I refuse to believe that if they are calling PI this closely that we shouldn't have some in our favour.
#That’s a soft ass fucking foul
WTF??? Ref was right there. That was OPI on that 3rd down conversion
9 penalties for 110 yards. Christ.
I have never felt worse about a team 4 game above .500 in my life.
clear pick missed
Claypool sucks dicks behind Sheetz on his off days
Can’t imagine all these bs DPI calls are cheap for the Steelers to buy
Fuck... Still plenty of time left. Time for the offense to work some magic!
How was that not offensive picking
The refs have been awful
Refball
does anyone have good recommendations for blood pressure medication?
Pittsburgh refs
Our offense spotting Pittsburgh 14 points is never a recipe for success
I wanted to see that pass interference replay...
We always have to beat the refs to beat the steelers every fucking year
Refsburg
Lets not forget that our defense has only given up 21 points and one of the steelers touchdown drives started on our own 21.
A bright spot: Dobbins will become a star.
"I do not believe Heyward is hurt. He'll be back.

They were just getting gashed."
Did Roman finally find the missing running pages from the playbook?
Nobody is kicking shit here tones
Oh god. Oh fuck. Oh shit. Someone hold me.
"Win or lose no matter what, Ravens/Steelers are by far my favourite games of the year, and arguably in the entire league. They are THE rivalry of the sport. Absolutely must watch every single time."
"Run the option here on fourth and short. Except Lamar keeps it this time as he’s trained the Steelers d for the pitch

It can’t go tits up."
EVERYONE PRAY TO WHATEVER GOD U BELIEVE IN RIGHT HERE
This offense needs to snack away snack away snack away y'all.
I would run that play 10/10 times because that was going to be touchdown
Blame of the game: Lamar
Roman is on drugs
Tht QB draw was the most predictable bullshit ever
I like going for it. Don't mind a QB run. Hate a QB run from an empty set. Don't see why it wasn't the QB power set from the Seattle game.
We should really have more time here right
They better reset that game clock
Tight butthole here boys
"The Andrew’s drop was on Andrew’s. He stopped running. Lamar threw it perfectly for a receiver that was still running and it would have hit in stride.
Move your ass mark. Come on."
How is that not PI
How the hell do they not put time back?
No time added is bullshit
"Good game. shit refs, questionable playcalling and turnovers fucked us"
"ref ball thanks. no extra time, shit ejection, multiple things."
Steelers get 10 penalties on previous drive softer then that last play. Gtfo
"What a shit called game, for real.  Ravens lost this, but stop letting these refs ruin games."
Notice how none of the Ravens dove at the linemen's legs there?
I still think our d can win us this game
Helmet hit but no flag dirty steelers
"I’m just going to say it, I’m unbothered by Judon getting the boot"
Most pissed off I’ve been at Lamar. Hope he shows something
The eye test showed the Lamar has not been playing good this year... idk where some of y’all got those stats saying he’s doing better than last year
"Romo is a clown. You take the chance and go for the 1st down and run it way down on the clock for the win.

No way in hell you kick 3 and hope to get it back."
These trump ads make me wanna kill myself
"I'm still astounded that the call was made to not add time to the clock. You mean to tell me both teams are sprinting down the field to hurry up and spike the ball and not one ref went ""oh hey a steeler is laying there fucking dead back there"" before there was 8 seconds left? If that's the cases then we need to really consider bringing in new refs to the league."
Are you guys blind? Boykin clearly ran a bad route there. Simple curl route where he drifted toward the middle instead of coming back toward the QB. Will result in a pick a lot of the time when a WR does that.
"😡 -> reaction to the rollout    
🥰 -> reaction to the TD"
how did they not add time to the clock?
I miss going to games man
"I legit barely slept, havent been this nervous/excited for a steelers game like this in a while"
Hopefully we take control of this game from start to finish. I wanna see the clowns tomorrow on all sports network to eat crow and re think their thoughts on these overrated ass Steelers who have beat absolutely nobody till they beat the titans by 3 points..
Let's get ready to rumble!
"Ben, I'd like you to meet Calais.  

That's your nose over there."
That literally couldn’t have been any fucking worse.
Lamar had a dude wide open to his left. Open
How was that not roughing the passer by the way?
Shit throw but nothing that can’t be overcame.
Fucking late hit too
Aaaaaand it's over
Time to abandon the run.
Offense is garbage again what else is new... fuck
IDK what's going on with these guys but either Lamar can't see shit or these receivers just can't get open. There is nothing over 15 yards ever.
That makes up for the other two late hits they didn't call.
"“this game is about penalties and turnovers”

wow, you mean just like every other game that’s ever happened?"
I love Lamar. I have the dudes jersey hanging in my room. Can't say I'm comfortable with the thought of him signing a 200m+ deal if he stays playing like this.
Did sone of yall start watching football yesterday? That was a fucking clear late hit
Snead's 1 appearance per game has come early lol
#BOYKIN SIGHTING CONFIRMED!!!
"There we go, great pass Lamar"
Everyone can get back on the bandwagon now
Fuck yeah Boykin! Two big catches already
"Where all my Boykin haters at?

See what happens when Lamar throws a ball within 4ft of a huge receiver?"
big boykin no little boykin
Alright. Now let's fuck up the rapist.
Dude steelers fans over in the main game thread are so fucking toxic
LETS GO YANNICK
"“So much hate, there is love” good way to put it.

I hate the Steelers so much but darn if these aren’t my favorite games every year"
Bullshit call
PUNCHOUT PETERS
#THE STREAK BOIS
MP JUICEMAN WITH THAT 4D CHESS PICKING UP THAT PASS INTERFERENCE IN ORDER TO FORCE THE FUMBLE
The Marcus Peters experience is a rollercoaster haha
#GET FUCKED SHITTSBURGH
Peters said fuck that penalty. Imma get them off the field myself
This is gonna be a good fucking game
Glad the replay review team didn't screw that up like I'd expect them to do.
we tiring out this defense babyyy
TJ Watt hit RG3 late every play last year too
JK is literally Ray Rice Jr
DOBBINS IS THE NEW FUCKING RICE BUT WITHOUT THE WIFE BEATING SHIT
FUCK
ffs lamar needs to stop holding the bar so far out
These qb-created sacks are killing us this year
We knew what this game was going to be. Hold on to memorabilia bois...
Defense gotta bail us out a little
"&#x200B;

Lamar do better!"
"He's so indecisive this year, figure it tf out dawg. That's two turnovers that are on him"
How you really gonna let them have a delay of game lmao
#FEED JK G. ROD U FUCK
"jimmy tryna punch the ball out, love to see it"
We need points now while the steelers offense is still ass
wtf is that spot
That was clean lol
TJ Watt is still so salty from when Lamar put him in the dirt last year. Explains all the late hits
Obviously either tore something or broke something there.
"Holy fuck thats a broken ankle. God fucking damnit. Fuck this brutal sport, man."
THEY NEES TO BE FLAGGED THEY ARE COMPLETELY RECKLESS BEHIND THE LINE OF SCRIMMAGE
Wtf are we gonna do on the line now. There are hardly any options to begin with and now we have to find a replacement for stanley too. Fuck.
"Literally, in terms of how bad this affects our team, losing Stanley is as bad as it gets other than losing Lamar."
Bruh lamar is going to get killed without a line
Anyone else feel uneasy when Lamar does herky jerky shit in the middle of getting tackled
Lamar doesn’t have that fire or anger after bad drives/plays like last season. What’s the deal?
"Dude..i just cant believe that fucking happened

Lamar has got to be head on a fucking swivel man"
this game has been nauseating so far
Fuck the Steelers
The game is still tied
We need a defensive td
"Look at what the steelers are doing on O, quick passes. Fuck cant we do that shit?"
Look how fast that ball comes out. Why don’t we do that? I just don’t understand
BRO WE WILL WIN WITH DEFENSE
Come on do it for Ronnie
We can be contenders without Stanley I still believe. Maybe by trade deadline we make a move for OT? Still hoping for the best though.
This game should AT LEAST be 13-7.  Come on Offense!
Lamar about to break TJ Watt’s ankles for Ronnie. 😤
I like Watson but that commercial is garbage
"Tired of everyone defending TJ. He plays dirty and reckless every week. You don’t coach players to tackle with their heads down, diving at other players Legs. He hit RG3 late multiple times last year"
Run it down their throats. Fuck these guys
Now we’ll throw for some reason.
Keep running the ball!
J.K got me Throbbins
FINALLY WERE RUNNING THE BALL !THANK FUCK
Beat these pieces of shit
Best drive of the season so far
#GUS BUS HAS NO BRAKES BEEP BEEP
That’s targeting in college
Minkah needs to be suspended for that hit
So much for the Steelers unreal run defense
"Look at that, we run the ball and we score"
"YES, THAT DRIVE WAS FUCKING RAVENS FOOTBALL!!"
Lamar was a fucking TROOPER for taking that hit
That drive reminded me of last year's Ravens!!
Fuck man I know his chin hurts. But that drive would make Stanley proud
"Best run D my fucking ass!! Fuck these motherfuckers dawg, RUN THAT DAMN BALL!!!"
lol had two starting lineman go out and just went out and bitched them anyway. Love to see it
THE RAVENS ARE *RUNNING THE BALL*
8 RUNS ON THE DRIVE... YOU LOVE TO SEE IT!
Glad Roman didn't try to get fancy at the 1 yard line there. No team in the NFL can stop us reliably if we need a single yard. This offense built too well to not get 1 yard when they need it.
"That was a Ravens 2019 drive right there, let’s fucking go"
Now I'm getting hyped thinking about Dez as a run blocker
"Stanley down. Ingram out.

Gus & JK: WE’LL FUCKING DO IT AGAIN"
This is a ‘What did it cost? Everything’ type of game isn’t it :(
"If baby bitch Ben took a hit like that, there would be shit in his pants right now."
Watt and his coach are screaming at each other. Nice.
TJ getting SPICY on the sideline
Dobbins and Edwards is the new Rice and Pierce
McPhee setting the edge like a BOSS
Let em fight
Mathew Judon may be the biggest fucking idiot in the NFL get him the fuck out of here
Body built by being a fuckin idiot
Yo that’s a bs call i know Judon’s gone at the end of this season but like he wasn’t trying to punch the damn official
LMAO WHAT A BULLSHIT contact lmao
Is that geriatric fuck of a referee for real get your fucking hand out of his face if you don’t want to get touched fucking spastic
really? official fucking flopped
"Weak ass call, weak ass official."
Ejected from the game for incidental contact? Nice
So Judon’s waving arm hitting a ref’s arm after the play nets the Steelers 15 yards? Did I see that wrong?
This defense....
Hahahaha fuck you fat man!
Nice stop after the idiocy
Yannick was there fast...
This game is gonna turn our boys into men. Turning point of the season low key
Fuck that fat ass rapist
Look at the way Ben is playing rn...why do we even worry about Lamar
Legend with the Flacco Elite hoodie
That Flacco elite shirt 😂😂😂
I fucking love how chippy we are. We look fucking **angry**
Judon just trying to help clean things up.   Sucks.  I think he doesn't get a fine on that tho.  Shouldn't anyway
Loving this next man up adjustment. We are landing some heavy blows on them. Big Jen also has a big problem with his elbow again
The intentional forward fumble for an extra 3 yards...
This game is giving me a heart attack. jfc.
That's a 2020 looking slide
Lamar is out here practicing ground ball drills.
"If that's an INT, I'm the pope"
I’ll admit I’m a Lamar apologist but that throw was actually pretty bad
We're so good when we stick to what we do best.
Dobbins is going to be amazing for us
JK Dobbins is awesome!
"I like snead man. He's no superstar, but he does good work for us."
He's called Big Truss for a reason. Have some **trust** in our QB instead of blowing his mistakes out of proportion.
Thankfully they gave us that
Fuck these refs
BULLSHIT. He was out of bounds anyways!
Automatic this guy
Yo 2 guys chasing Lamar I seriously hate this cheap ass team.
"Justin ""who the fuck is Harrison Butker"" Tucker"
Man these refs are ridiculous lol
"This half of football aged me two years, I swear."
Without that pick-6 this game is 17-0
"Dobbbbbbbins!!!!! He got out, but still we got it clocked!"
Incredible awareness by Lamar.
THIS IS WHY I HAVE A TUCKER JERSEY. DUDE IS THE BEST
Dobbins kept chugging there. Did way too much work to get to the side line for them to say his progress was stopped.
Every Tucker kick is a money shot
Massive run by Dobbins there. There is a huge difference between kicking from 50-55 and 56-60 in M&T. Feels like Tucker basically never misses from 50-55.
The announcers trying really hard not to refer to Tucker as the GOAT
SAY IT ROMO
Did anyone see that tucker wink 🤩🤩
Tucker is so phenomenal it’s at the point where a 50+ yarder in the wind and rain is just expected by us. Never take this man for granted.
Those points at the half are big. Need to be prepared for Pitt to try and air it out after the half.
Refs tried to fuck us on that run. Called forward progress and Dobbins didn't get out yet didn't blow the fucking whistle lol. Almost cost us three points.
Big Ben's elbow is going to be the big question in this second half
Fat faking fuck
Bowser much better then dumbass Judon
Jimmy playing lights out
Don't know exactly what their roles are but Bowser sure is playing better than Judon
No way that’s grabbing Tony.
"I hope we re-sign Bowser, he's finally developing and he'll be cheap compared to Judon, for example"
"Two notes on that drive - great stop from Bowser, I remember watching his tape out of college and seeing him make similar plays in coverage, glad to see him develop at the next level. Also, very underrated coverage on Smith - a bit of grabbing (Peters was called for the same thing in the first q) but he rode Dionte out of bounds, can’t ask for much more in coverage."
Gotta disagree with Romo there. That’s just good coverage from Jimmy there. But I do reserve the right to call the refs pieces of shit if this kind of amazing coverage gets called a penalty against us.
"Steelers already got a DPI on an uncatchable ball, don't need another freebie."
That play showed Jimmy's experience
Our D looks nasty as fuck and I'm loving it
Why. Are. We. Throwing. The. Ball.
I'm getting really frustrated by Lamar today.
Lamar is the only reason why the Steelers are in this game
They have 2 TDs on Lamar’s turnovers...bruh is playing like shit
"Not gonna lie, Lamar smirking on the sideline isn’t a good look. Last year, he would get really emotional and angry. Haven’t seen that today."
Literally just allowing them to make this game competitive.
All the steeler points have been gifted to them by Lamar turnovers.
"Everyone is trying to blame everything but Lamar. Dude is playing terribly this game and no one else, he’s throwing it straight to defenders not Roman. And ima huge Lamar homer but he’s ass this game"
Madden curse is back
"Its on Lamar...

But what is with these play designs?  Are they designed to get players open, because they aren't."
The referees union wants to complain about masks but this moron doesn't even have his mask hardly on... Lmao
"Lamar is playing bad, the OC is play calling bad, the weather is bad. Can we please run the ball right now."
Something is fucking wrong with this offense
"For a guy who made very few mistakes last year, he is making some awful decisions"
Dude football isn't even fun to watch and is bad for my heart why do I even do this shit to myself
Who the fuck is Terrell Bonds
That DPI was weak sauce...c’mon
I’m sad af I thought Hollywood was gonna be a weapon this year
Why have we not thrown one deep shot to hollywood in 3 strait games?
"Refball. Fucking hate that ref, turtle looking mother fucker"
Defense can only hold them off so long.
Marlon punch it plz
This is literally a fucking joke.
"People complaining about the D. Well they can't do literally everything, especially when our offense is stagnant at best and Lamar dressed as a double agent for halloween. Pittsburgh wouldn't even be in this game if our offense would stop fucking up"
"Man, Ferguson is making his presence felt in a positive way. It's nice to have an olb who does that"
Ahh I see second half against the Eagles defense has reappeared
If Lamar doesn’t get his shit together this game is done. Simple as that.
"This is frustrating. Cmon Lamar, I know he can pull it together. It's just a matter of will he"
Why do rappers have mcdonalds meals?
This is so winnable but we’re about to abandoned the run and pass every down which will kill us 🙃
Greg Roman cannot play from behind
Read option with a 4th string RB. hmmmm
Greg roman play calling is ass bruh
Guy needs to learn how to play in big games.  No point in adding weapons if you can’t get the ball to them.  They are just going to stuff the box now and force Lamar to throw another pick to them.
Honestly this Ravens offense sucks
"I am not optimistic about us at this point even if we pull it out. Our offense has noticeably taken a step backwards further than the one our defense has taken forward. Lamar is trying to do too much instead of taking the easy play sometimes. He needs to shore that up if he wants to be the real deal. I have faith in him to correct it, but I don’t think this year is our year anymore especially with the injuries and general state of the OL"
Anytime Hill is in = loss
bernie meme I am once again asking you  to throw one deep ball the entire game
"Feels like gotta get a random play like a fumble or interception to swing the momentum back. Or a punt return or something. 


Not a huge fan of running the ball on 3rd and 8 either but probably a 4 down type of math if the play had gotten 5-6 yards."
The amount of people saying “watt wasn’t even touched” without realizing that is literally the whole point of read option is hilarious.
31st ranked passing offense. Who could possibly be worse?
"Lamar isn't playing great but when he's bailing after looking down the field, it's pretty obvious the real problem are the pack of WRs but continue steaming fans."
Lamar playing like it’s the playoffs.
Lamar might as well have been a real llama today. I love him but JFC.
That turnover in the red zone feeling really horrible now. Could have used at least 3
I haven’t seen a single pass outside of the Boykin TD where Lamar has trusted a receiver and launched it. Every pass has just been some panicked toss after holding for too long. I’d be down for a proper bomb amid an otherwise balanced attack.
DUVERNAYYYYYYY
Fucking refs man
FUCK OFF REFS
NEED FOR SNEAD!
"#I FEEL THE NEED

#THE NEED IV SNEAD"
Refs are wearing more yellow than pittsburgh today
My blood is fucking boiling
"This is what frustrates me about Lamar, as much as I love him. Throws 2 really, really bad short yardage picks. Then throws an absolute beautiful ball 30+ yards down the field to Duvernay"
"In the words of Ray Lewis, Lamar is pissed off for greatness."
"Bad throw. Hollywood was wide open, no reason to lob it so high and so far."
That should have been a easy fucking TD Lamar why would you need to throw it so far over man
Ref just rolled his eyes having to do the replay. We aren't getting it.
Does 1 knee count as 2 feet?
They called the shin as a completion earlier in the Dolphins game. Please don’t duck this up NFL
FUCK IT I'LL DO IT AGAIN!!!!!
LETS GOOOOOO FUCK THE STEELERS
"When Hollywood wants touchdown, Hollywood gets touchdown"
"Ravens TD

Refs on suicide watch"
"Look, I am the ultimate “don’t blame the refs” guy but fuck those cock suckers and nice revenge play"
"Fuck anyone saying brown is a bust, I don't give a shit, find another team to bandwagon"
Defense had time to rest. This is where they step it up.
Refs 🤝 Steelers
some1 give me some beta blockers the way I'm about to have a heart attack
The fact that the ref even thought that was a foul is awful
Glad they’ll call that bullshit old on us but are completely ignoring the Steelers
And another flag.   And another flag
I’m getting real tired of that ref’s face
So no replay on the PI?
Are the refs from Pittsburgh or something?! Wtf.
FUCK ALL REFS
Can we see the replay??
Marcus peters wanted no part of tackling him
"Pass rush hasn't been getting home this drive, that's the difference."
"I’ve noticed nearly every game we play against a good WR, they have little to no catches first half and then dominate in the second..."
Fucking refs
Fucking refs gave them that td
We gifted them way too many points early on and now it's coming back to wreck us.
Time for a 7 minute touchdown drive
"What are Bisciotti, DeCosta, and Harbaugh doing about the blatantly unfair officiating the team has experienced since Harbaugh's tirade towards the refs on MNF?"
First game winning drive for Lamar
"How tf are you supposed to play defense on receivers? At some point it’s kind of ridiculous, you can’t even be in their vicinity without a flag"
Desperately need a replay of the PI on Marlo
lamar is lamar's worst enemy. Dude's super talented but his tendency to panic results in picks and turnovers. He's gotta get more resilient mentally
We been shooting ourselves in the fucking foot. I’m so tired of it. Just about every game we get dumb ass penalties
9 penalties for 110 yards. Second game in a row penalties have been an issue for us
Get ready for a bunch of Holding and illegal formations penalties.
You’d think that with the refs calling BS PI all over the place the Ravens would dial up a bomb or two.
"Greg Roman with good play calling for once. Run the ball, kill the clock, don't leave the refs any time."
Jk needs to be the 1 going  forward unless he cant block at all there is no reason he shouldn't be the 1
JK YOU CAN COME OVER AND FUCK MY WIFE
Dobbins is RB #1
Dobbins is the best OSU RB since Eddie George. Don’t at me
That Dobbins guy is pretty good. He should play more.
Why the fuck not run it quick before the 2 minute warning incase you don’t get it
Why choose now to run the ball a whole drive? Could have started this a while ago
Lamar to the edge has been there all fucking day let’s do this shit bois
DONT RUN IT UP THE GUT. That shit is predictable
Well that’s one way to ruin my entire week
"Terrible fucking play call, everyone expected it."
FUCK. YOU. GREG ROMAN
I’m sorry but that one wasn’t on Lamar. We have a fourth and short and go EMPTY BACKFIELD!?!??
4 turnovers by Lamar. Pathetic.
Blame of the Game on Lamar 100%
"Ran all the way up the field with big chunk runs, then do a 5 wide qb draw lmao Roman never fails to amaze"
Defense bailing the offense out AGAIN.
NOT over yet boys
I hope lamar makes a whole bunch of yall eat a shit sandwich
"Steelers really to stop with all these ""injuries"""
So do we get time back on the clock from the minute he was down?
We should get our time back if they need to take an injury time out
Put the time back on the clock
Should be an injury timeout with like 6 extra seconds
put more time back up
Stop booing you fucks bad look
We should get more time
anybody else’s heart beating out of their chest?
We would’ve had time if they added back 5 seconds
 No time added is clown shit
Defenseless receiver. That’s a fucking penalty
The Steelers make me sick
This is bullshit
Refball
MINKAH FITZPATRICK IS A CERTIFIED BITCH. FUCK HIM.
"I am really sick of people turning on Lamar. Yes, he's not doing well, but he is still our QB. 

Ease up"
"Lamar, make a fucking *decision* bro. Dude is simply waiting too long."
Defense is playing like the #1 D rn but O is fucking up
That was an accident but still TJ Watt is the biggest dickhole in the league
Refs almost fucked us there holy shit
"Anyone bashing the defense is not watching the game. 

The only reason Pittsburgh has been in a position to score points is because of Lamar. Period."
Lamar bad throw really changed this game. Man why do you have to throw that pick.....
Cmon Lamar defense can only bail you out so many times
Lamar has killed us this game. Killed us.
HOW WAS THERE NO TIME ADDED
FUCK FITZPATRICK HE ELBOWED SNEAD IN THE FUCKING THROAT
Hot takes and Lamar hate for a week sigh
"It's ok. Lamar played like shit, the refs were waving their terrible towels all game, and we still had a chance at the end.

WE WILL RUIN THEIR FUCKING THANKSGIVING"
If you believe that trump add you’re fucking brain dead.
"TJ Watt wasn’t dirty for that play, he’s dirty for tackling Lamar every play regardless of the action"
Let me see that ref on the street I'll show his old ass a fucking swing
Bengals beating the titans at this time. Think they will blow it?
I literally hate our offense this season minus Gus and Dobbins
This offense is a dumpster fire. It's broken idk anymore.
Wow congrats refs I mean Steelers
I can't believe cbs here is showing the colts and lions game instead of this one. I've been mad all morning
Ngakoue hype!
It's too early to be feeling like a playoff game lol
"Checking in from France. Let’s fucking goooooooooo! 

And fuck the Steelers!"
Lets keep things positive all game long. Have faith. TRUSS
"Lamar man, terrible"
Snead was open I think if Lamar just looked a bit left. Ugh terrible start.
Throw was late as fuck. Shit decision
Shit start but holy fuck how is that not roughing the passer?
What kind of route tree was that
Felt like a personal foul play after that tbh
Should've came back. Roughing the passer after the throw.
Shit I thought that was another pick. Not seeing smart decisions.
Snead is sooo slow
Nice play by Lamar and Snead!
Tyree is so ass lmao
"Ok Lamar, more of those please and thank you.

Boykin, you as well."
Where are all the people “done with Boykin” after a season and a half
That was a beautiful throw.
They had a linebacker on him.... the disrespect lmao
Perfect throw
Lets get that pick 6 back on big ben
Pick 6 on bitch Ben now
I think Boykin and Snead heard y'all talking. They getting open now
Dez signing lit a fire under Boykins ass? 👀
Peyton Manning pronouncing Tide makes me mad for some reason
Tom Brady had a pick 6 and a INT in the span of like 5 min in week 1 against the saints. Lamar is fine
#FTS
Lol Ben's pass so powerful it made Ebron do a Madden animation for 3 seconds.
rEfS aRe gIvInG tHiS gAmE tO tHe rAvEnS
HERE WE GOOOO!
"I really want to shut the Steelers fans up, please beat their fucking asses. We need this...."
"When will wr’s fucking learn, you go down or you give us the ball"
"Uh oh! You friccin moron! U just got...

PETERED!!!!"
Humphrey gotta be a DB or even LB coach for us after retirement. His strips and punching mentality have caught on to the rest of the team
We still love ya #24.
Peters said fuck that PI call!!
Bro Humphrey sharing his notes
Holy shit YESSSS!!!! Marlon's fruit punch magic rubbing off on the whole team. This is the kind of game we need to play!
Peters knew he had to make that up lol
"Peters, when I thought you couldn't get any dumber, you go and do something like this... and totally redeem yourself!"
Theres a reason why fruit punch is a juice... BECAUSE IT IS JUICE MAN
Peters getting that PI gave us like 30 yards of field position. 2000 IQ play there
"I love how you can tell who's streaming online and who's watching on TV or listening on the radio because the people streaming were still mad about the interference call while everyone else was typing ""LETS GOOO"" lol"
I’m late but your telling me Boykin did something productive 😍😍
24 !!!!
"Man this feels like a classic Ravens-Steelers Game so far. Maybe not as much personal heat between players so far but still, closest thing to the glory days in a long time."
Run down their throats.
Phillips down... had guys falling on him doesn’t look good
Oh man I saw that and heard him scream....
Anyone else having trouble finding a decent stream? In addition to the fact that they're all so delayed
So was r/NFL just r/steelers all along?
Lamar runs are quickly becoming wastes of time.
You step forward knowing there is a ton of pressure from behind and you PUMP FAKE????
Why did he not hit Hollywood there
Can we just try handing it off in the red zone next time?
Why is he second guessing himself so much
We get nothing from the turnover now. That’s the #1 rule...don’t turn the ball over
this feels like an old fashioned AFCN slugfest my dudes
Lot of hate for Lamar. Sometimes the defense makes a play.
We can’t have this many turnovers if we are going to win this.
Silver platter twice already and we're only 10 minutes in.
buckle up.  It looks like it’s going to be another classic Steelers/Ravens game.
"Lamar does that way too often, dude needs to just embrace what he’s good at and take off if nothing is there"
Why is he so hesitant to run this year...
If no one hit him I think he would have just pump faked into the end zone.
Joker calm down you almost hurt Queen
GET OFF THE FIELD
That play call is a real testament to how the d is playing now. They really just ran it for better field position for the punt and to avoid a turnover.
I dont think my heart will be strong enough for this game ! This is simply insane
Definitely gotta start doing the D some favors here and get some points
Ref just took 6-7 yards away on that spot...
Win or lose hopefully there’s no injuries. I remember old Ravens Steeler games and losing the next week to bad teams because everybody was fucked up lol
Lamar making audibles is fucking refreshing
We need 6 on this drive after that TO. Pittsburgh offense won’t be ass for long they’re going to wake up
Why did I get hype for Steelers week when I knew damn well it would be the most stressful part of the year?
Y'all notice Lamar using audibles a lot more this game?
LMAO we're so fucked now
Romo essentially pointing out how predictable our offense is
"Welp, O-line is gonna be tissue paper for the foreseeable future"
Fuck tj watt
Watt loves injuring guys
OH THAT REPLAY IS HARD TOO WATCH
And that is why be signed the extension before this game folks
Stanley's done for the year.
[deleted]
Fuck these bitches
"Of course it's TJ Watt. Not intentional, but it would be him"
Rally for Ronnie.
"Behind Lamar, losing stanley will have the biggest negative impact on the ravens. 

God damn this sucks. Next man up...althiugh u don't think his replacement will be even half a s good as him."
Stanley on the golf cart.   That's the worst.   That's a season changing injury maybe
Definitely think we’re gonna see some moves for a lineman this week but fuuuckk I hope Stanley recovers soon
"Lamar, please fucking stop."
"Alright, Lamar is going to need to make quicker decisions here."
Wishing the best for Stanley
Whoever said they really wanted to see DJ Fluker play really just cursed Stanley :(
Defense is gonna have to win this one 100%
No time to throw
Are there any o lineman to trade for?
"last 2 passes from lamar were very risky. 

If boyle doesn't bat down first one, it's a pick. Second one was ill advised. 

3rd & 18 w/ no stanley... should've just ran a hb draw like the steelers did"
Thank god the trade deadline isnt hear yet
Lamar is hesitating way to much to run this year. I actually wish he’d be a little quicker to take off in a lot of these situations
"Luckily OBJ is a pass blocker first and a run blocker second, making him a decent option at LT"
DEFENSE IS STRONG TODAY
At least the defense used the bye for good.
Ben looks like absolute shit
"Defense is doing what it can, playing sharp. Offense needs to grind out long drives for at minimum fgs."
Look at Ben's play as well here. Weather really having an effect I think.
Our defense continues to be amazing. If our offense can't consistently score it won't matter though
Let’s run for 300 yards
"Beautiful drive there. Pound the rock, opens up our offence"
"Dang, does this bus stop?"
"fuck the steelers, always hitting the helmet"
We just ran the ball super good without Stanley interesting
Wow running the ball leads to TD’s for an offense that’s built to run. Glad Greg finally showed up
and fuck minkah
Do it for Stanley!!
"See what happens when we run the ball Greg?

DO WHAT YOUR ROSTER DOES WELL. Stop trying to fit square pegs into round holes."
First drive all year where we actually committed to what made our offense deadly last year. Defense good... let them rest and win.
Bruh we having our best run game against “the best defense in the NFL” 😂😂
Best drive of the season? Just pure domination all around against a great defense.
Has anyone notice Orlando is kind of a better Left Tackle than Right Tackle
Their D is gonna be gassed by the 4th
"Lol, Roman. Ravens ran the ball the ENTIRE drive almost and SCORED doing it. Maybe you're having an intervention?"
Would really not like for Boyle and Bozeman to be coming at me
8 weeks and we finally start running and hit them with a pass. 8 weeks. Fluker getting a chance to become a full time starter
I want to see runs on 9/10 first downs until they prove they can stop it. Fuck it give me runs on 9/10 second downs too unless it's like 2nd & 11
We need to run all fucking day. I hope Gus truck sticks TJ watt
Anybody just see that meltdown on the Steelers d sideline with watt and a coach? Look at this clown..
Hahaha even TJs coach thinks he’s fucking up!!
"Didnt they say tickets were randomized? I'm not upset by it. It's what should happen but funny Real Fan Dan was selected ""randomly"""
#FIGHT
Judon is so dumb
Humph is a dawg and I love it. And McPhee just completely owned the edge right there
Wow. Outdoing yourself Judon! Fuck you
Fuck Judon
Judon has been such a disappointment this year.
Do NOT resign judon
Judon is an idiot like always.
That’s kinda BS but whatevey
Terrible disqualification
Judoff
Brain by taco bell
Never seen a ref flop before lol
"He did it accidentally, but it’s still his same old bullshit story."
"Imagine playing under the tag and having the chance to make more money than you know what to do with, and just shitting your fucking pants for the next year"
Fucking refball
Where the Steelers fans who says they gifting us flags? Y’all offense soft AF
"If I had to pick a starter to lose on defense, I don't know if I'd say Judon's name first but he'd be close to the top. Let's just move on."
Fuck. The. Steelers.
Baltimore guys are Amped!!
the steelers are actually garbage
NFL refs are such pussies
KILL BEN!!
We need 7 more on the board before half
Both QBs have fumbled now in the first half
I'm not able to watch much today. How is Yannick doing?
Lol 3 ravens dragging ben down like wolves taking down a wooly mammoth
"alright... 

don't turn it over and we'll be fine. 3 and out > turnover."
"This definitely feels like the typical Ravens-Steelers game of the old, and I'm so here for it"
We def need another TD before the half. But also we cannot force it and give the Steelers a bunch of time and the ball back
Game should be 21-0 right now. Our defence doing amazing.
"Not that relevant, but I love Lacie DeCosta, feels like the teams mam. Been supporting Elliott all week."
UH OH BENS ARM
Ben’s elbow is bruised. He won’t pass well this game
please all I ask is we score in this next drive and I can settle down. Come on Lamar.
I hate how cheap but legal Pittsburgh is playing. Just chasing Lamar all over without the ball
"Damn ben, not your woman grabbing arm"
Jeeeesus lamar
"lmao this game is nuts

each play is entirely too stressful"
"That wasn't a fumble, he was just showing off"
"its raining lamar, just like the 49ers game last year, either tuck it properly or dont run"
Thats how Ed Reed used to run with the ball LOL
The ball seems to be so slippery
"Bruh... can lamar secure the ball at all today?

Tuck the ball..."
bout to start a PTSD support group for that first half
"This is a long, heart attack inducing game"
lamar with the classic ed reed one hander
No control on the Interception. We got lucky.
Terrible throw. Terrible decision making. He is so out of wack it’s unbelievable
Not a pick but come on Lamar
Always hated Joe Haden even with the Browns
Like seeing Snead being more involved
I don't think I've ever seen a team commit so many illegal formations...
"Holy shit Greg would you look at that, its almost like running the ball works well for us"
[deleted]
Dobbins is looking pretty good this game. Hopefully he continues to get touches once Ingram returns.
This No. 1 defense crap needs to stop. Pittsburgh’s schedule has been an abomination so far.
Holy shit Cincinnati is up 10 on Tennessee at half..
These games would be unbearable without you guys to bitch and moan and stress with :)
Love how snead pulls through when we need him
WHOS THE BEST KICKER NOW ROMO?
See that romo?
Automa-TUCK
"Cmon say it Romo, say it."
Did Lamar just become the first QB to ever throw 2 balls on the same play?
Ich liebe Justin Tucker.
Goat Tucker
GOAT TUCKER
jfc that 51 yarder just looked like an extra point
I love Justin Tucker
"Seriously, that 1 miss in Nola made me more stressed during Tucker’s kicks. What happened?"
Missing our RB1 LT1 RG1 Judon and throwing a pick 6. Who would think we would be up 10?
Fuck the Steelers
"It's an ugly game, but a lead is a lead"
Any further updates on Stanley? He’s key to our long term goal
"Not entirely Ravens related but my stupid ass spoke this into existence last week 


https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasyfootball/comments/jhmgt1/in_joe_mixons_absence_giovani_bernard_averages/ga0knnw"
Idk what they talking bout over in Pittsburgh this the best defense in the nfl son.
Real talk this game should be 24-0 but they keep trying to force throws at bad times when the run game is all we need.
Shocker - Big Ben being a drama Queen.
Jimmy is the master at getting no calls lol
Jimmy is the king of hand fighting without a flag
Jimmy does that shit every time and never gets called 😂
Haven't seen Marlo much all game... must really be locking things down
Kidney show wont last 6 episodes
Why just why
Lamar WHAT THE FUCK!!
Oh for fucks sake why throw???
"Sigh, wtf was that Jackson? But why are we calling passes anyway?"
Jesus christ
Dude. What. The. Fuck.
#WTF JUST RUN IT DAMNIT
"Lamar has 2 INTs, almost 3, and 2 fumbles."
# WHY ARE WE THROWING LIKE THIS?!
NO FUCK WHY
Does Lamar just not look for the defensive players?
Unbelievable. Just cannot stand prosperity.
What the fuck was that
Unreal. FFS Roman. Run the FOOTBALL! Wtf! Passing too much in this wet weather is gonna get us in trouble...
Stop laughing about it Lamar. You made a shit play
Pitching a shutout without the INTs right now...
Lamar Jackson single handedly keeping Pitt in this
Lamar has been the Steelers best player.
That’s on Lamar. GRo called the play but Lamar made the decision. Under threw the ball and everything.
Worst possible ways to start the halves. Lamar dude come the fuck on.
Just get back to pounding the rock and we good
Lamar owes us a touchdown or two.
Roman isn't helping but getting away from what is working. However Lamar is beyond reckless.
"This is like the bengals game except the steelers are catching lamar's picks. 

Lamar hasn't seen the field well all year. IDK what is going on w/ him."
It’s Boykin fault /s
"Maybe

Don't stop running the ball or forcing it?"
Can someone explain why they are rekicking? Wasn't the first one good? What the hell is the point?
Just pound the ball ffs.  Stop passing it
"Lamar just live another down. Not every play needs to be a highlight. Your up 10, it’s 1st down, why force it?"
Run the ball! It worked so well last half
Run the ball until they stop it. This is a comfortable win if we just don’t turn it over
"Can't believe Lamar has put up 31 points, what a guy"
Lamar gets to practice against our D. He should be ready for the Steelers. I don’t care how good there D is.
The worst part about the picks was the decision making. Wouldn’t be mad if a defender made a great play.
If we dont run this like 1987 nebraska style imma be pissed
God we need WRs so fucking bad lmao
Missed OPI then awful DPI call.
That INT just gutted this game. This game has done a complete 180
When ravens WR did that earlier this year it was OPI.
These refs are a complete joke.
"Man, I’m gonna be pissed if we give them this game in the second half."
Lmao fuck the Steelers. Fat fuck just tosses it up once every set of downs and they get the call
Bullshit call
"He got his head around, he was fighting for the ball, how is that dpi?"
Who the fuck is Bonds??
It's on the ref's flow chart that if the Steelers receiver didn't make that catch to throw a flag
Here we go. Here comes the soft defense
We are going to lose this game at this rate
God this game is frustrating AF. Please don't blow this shit
"getting really fucking dissapointed in our team, offense is in shambles for no reason, defense is playing off despite the fact their longest catch/throw has come off a no call"
"We ARE generating more pressure, more easily -- for what it's worth."
I’m in a dejected rage currently. I cannot believe this game right now. Anything approaching acceptable QB ply and it’s like 31-3 right now
Ferguson and Bowser doing well after Judon gets ejected 🤔
We had the momentum coming out of the half. That shit evaporated quick.
With Judon being kicked out of the game I hope Ferguson uses this opportunity to convince the staff to give him more playtime.
I can't believe this shit. This shouldn't even be a close game
Pitt is averaging 30 per game. They have given up 14 so far. Defense is doing a fine job.
After that first half to be down right now is inexcusable.
We lose this game we’re going to get eaten alive all week we can’t lose this one
"Please don't abandon the run, Roman."
"If our offense doesn’t answer this next drive, it’ll be tough to come back. Defense is getting tired."
"Ben played awful today too, but he wasn't throwing picks/fumbling constantly. It can't be overstated how badly Lamar has fucked the game up to this point."
"Here comes the consecutive passing downs 3 in a row leading to another forced turnover because Roman sees defecit of 1+ points in 2nd half and abandons the run game.

It's the same every season. We were a second half team now we're really faltering every 2nd half this season"
"Defense has played fine.

Lamar keeps giving the steelers momentum w/ terrible decisions & bad field vision. He was spectacular at both things last yr. 

If neither improve, he will throw an interceptable pass on this drive as well."
Yea this is lamar worse game ever
Gregory Roman. RUN THE MOTHERFUCKIN’ BALL
Like are the receivers not getting open or is Lamar not seeing them?
Jesus. The fumbling today.
That was lucky
You just knew he would fumble that
HE NEVER HAD POSSESION STFU ROMO
why do ravens games give me heart attacks every sunday
Lol that was an I give up play.
Lamar is lucky he doesn't have 4 interceptions omg
3rd and 8 and we run it up the middle.
"im about this turn this game off, just disappointing"
Alright idk boys. An actual NFL offense has to be capable of passing the ball greater than 10 yards multiple times a drive. If we can’t do that then fuck
Any chance we can feed up Yanda and bring him back?
What is Greg Roman smoking
"So they start the conservative playcalling after all the turnovers put us behind? Smart stuff, where was that 2 quarters ago?"
This pass offense is dogshit
"Ya'll can blame whoever you want. This is a total meltdown on offense. No pass protection, running game is gone, WRs can't get open, Lamar holding the ball too long... you just gotta hope the defense makes some plays or this is gonna get even more ugly."
The problem with Lamar right now is he wants to make every play at the extremes.  Not every play has to be a highlight.  You don't have to wait until the very last second to make the throw.
I feel so comfortable with Proche and Duv on special teams.
Orlando brown seems so lazy sometimes. If he gets that kick out block that’s a big play
We need adjustments on offense
Lamar needs to keep his eyes up. Every time the pressure comes to him he looks down
Our defense has to score if we're gunna win lol this offense is abismal
WE NEED THIS WIN. SERIOUSLY NEED THIS WIN
I think Yanda at 150lbs or whatever he is would still be an upgrade
"Why is everyone running these long developing routes? Like get the quick passes off, I didnt see a single receiver stop before the sticks."
IF WE HAVE NO O-LINE RUN SCREENS STOP TRYING DEEP ROUTES JFC
"Want to see Lamar be more aggressive and just run the ball. He should never be getting sacked by a defensive tackle. 

The coverage may just dictate he has to win this game with his legs, he’s done it before, mainly against Seattle last year"
ik Lamar isn’t playing good but the play calling is dogshit too
"This sub needs a fucking wake up call regardless of the outcome in the post game thread. This offense has an inept pass calling play caller at the head. We have absolute scrubs at the WR position. Lamar is a great, even fantastic QB, but he has weaknesses especially in his deep passing we know this. It’s the perfect storm for such an anemic offense that the hits to the offense line just spotlight them even more. The passing game was doomed to start the season but that doesn’t mean Lamar isn’t talented and we don’t have talent in the receiving corps. Reality is the FO made a bet that our passing offense would take the next step and they haven’t."
THERE'S A DEEP SHOT!
#BULLSHIT CALL BULLSHIT
That's so weak!!! Refs screwing us over again today
BAD call
That was a HORRIBLE call
How dare he touch the Steelers! Refs better put a stop to that nonsense.
Snead lowkey putting the team on his back today
What an attempt by Hollywood goddamn
That knee is in
Snead is having himself a game today!
"fuck. 

Lamar overthrew hollywood by just a bit.

Bad challenge. it won't be reversed"
pretty dumb that any play that’s called a TD on the field is automatically reviewed but you have to use a challenge on a play like that
Knee came down inbounds but these refs don't like us so they won't give it to us
"Everyone is saying the knee but that’s out, the shin hits in first anyways and that counts as down"
"That’s not getting overturned, but if called a TD on the field then its not getting overturned either"
FUCK THE FUCKING STEELERS
John better be fucking vocal about this officiating. Not the same coach talk he says every week
that holding call on skura was so BS
#HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Was he knee in that time?
I've said this a million times but I've never seen a worse called game. They made us score 3 TDs before we got one they couldn't make some excuse for
Suck his dick bitch give him his praise now u cowards
Did Lamar redeem himself on that drive?
That was a tough but amazingly clutch drive.
Let’s get a punch out from #44 and put this game away
Refs tried so hard to deny us a TD this drive 2v1
"I NEED ROMO TO SAY ""TUCKER THE FUCKING GOAT, MR. AUTOMATIC"""
I’m starting to think Dez doesn’t have to be that good to make a different on this Offense.
Bonds fucked up just now man
This is Bonds last game FOH
Fuck verizon fios. Mandatory software update on the TV box in the middle of the game.
TAKE BONDS OUTT
38 fucked up two plays in a row. Who is this clown?
Wish this bonds took PEDs
These refs are fucking giving it to them at this point
"Just like the Eagles game, we are giving the Steelers so much with penalties"
Refs player of the game
What’s the point of having a defender on these receivers. What can they do that won’t get a flag thrown??
I’m over these bullshit DPI calls
We just have to realize that the refs will always favor the Steelers
Most BS ref’d game I’ve seen this season
The ref ball continues
What is worse this drive? The penalties or the tackling?
What. The. Fuck.
Head Hunt the Refs. Every shitty call gets a blow up.
Greg you better not get cutesy on this next drive Jesus fucking Christ
Man that was some horseshit bs on Marlon a minute ago.
Well Lamar is due a game winning comeback in his career. Will it be today? We shall see...
Time for Lamar to show everyone he can lead a game winning drive and shut everyone up. We're gonna be hearing it for weeks if not.
Keen for a Lamar TD winning drive here.
Call of duty: black ops: cold war: elite division: special tactical unit: American freedom fighters: super cash grab XVIIII
100 yards in penalties and 3 turnovers. Hard to win any game that way. It's crazy we're still in it
I’m just waiting for the flags at this point
Edwards making Roman look like a buffoon for barely using him against the Titans last year.
"The silver lining here, is the run game has hit it's stride."
We run the ball and are getting down the field? Hm....
"Man the combo of Gus and JK is so nasty, and it's just getting started."
"For the love of god, don’t get cute now."
Gus/dobbins should be our 1/2 dont @ me
Don't score too fast!
i love u gus and dobbins
I love running the ball
FEED JK AND BUS
Mark ingram isn’t playing and we are playing a top 3 defense in the NFL and we are having probably our best running game of this season. Very impressive.
Boy not injured 😑. Just trying to give his guys a break
"Dobbins is the real deal, he’s going to have to become the number 1 guy sooner rather than later.

Great feet and perfectly fits the system being so accustomed to running out of the shotgun."
guarantee he is faking that
"Gotta go for it, no question"
GO FOR IT
No we wouldn't kick it we would go for it
Everyone raise your hands up!  Give Lamar your energy!!!
We have to go for it here.
I have a horrible feeling about this.
This is where the big boys make plays
My heart
They're going to send everything at Lamar and pray he sidearms it to the ground.
Fuck me man this shit is making my heart pump like I’m running or something
"Well there it is, Lamar single handedly lost this game."
WHAT A HORRIBLE PLAY CALL HOW DO YOU NOT HAVE ANYONE IN THE BACKFIELD JESUS FUCKING CHRIST THAT IS TRASH
What a dumb fucking play. Greg puts together that beautiful drive and in true Greg fashion completely shits the fucking bed on the final calls.
my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
SUICIDE WATCH
Lamar lost the game
Easily had this game w/o stupid fucking turnovers
"Bad offensive performance, bad coaching, bad luck with refs"
No false start on 89?!?!?
Legit angry at this. Seriously
Literally the same shit 4th down call we failed twice vs the Titans...
3rd and 5 should be 2 runs to RUNNINGSBACKS
This game feels like the Kyle Boller days 😂
Queen is gonna be a monster. We always nail our 1st rounders...except Perriman
Prediction. Lamar will throw a 45 yard td to Hollywood that will get called back because of a penalty.
Lol cool Lamar who's played like UTTER ass today and Greg Roman with no timeouts have to drive for a touchdown to win it. 😂
TD to HOLLYWOOD incoming
I don't believe but shit I might start praying
Time back on the clock!
They should put time back on
Injury timeout should return some time back.
Hope Heyward is good he’s a great player. Would hope this isn’t too serious.
ADD TIME TO THE CLOCK CMON REFS
STOP BOOING
Bro that’s horseshit we should have more time
Flag?
Why no time added?
That’s fucking PI
"Roman and Lamar ended up costing the ravens the win tbh.

Lamar through the first 3 Q's and roman in the 4th."
WR was WIDE open on the outside
Did everything possible to hand the game away
From MVP to liability overnight
Lamar needs to wake the fuck up
Lamar is making rookie season mistakes that we did not see last year. I truly don't understand the regression.
"Lamar is not playing well. Some questionable throws, very indecisive."
"Ravens are going to have to slowly run out the clock second half.

Use the time of possession, calm down, stop fighting, stop being stupid, and patients kill time"
Big Ben? More like fat Ben
Lamar Jackson 14:17 Baltimore Ravena
"We should have a sizable lead, with Gus and Dobbins running it down their fucking throats. Lamar is fucking us, no way around it."
Lamar has looked hot and cold all season. The bad thing is...he is more cold than hot
Lamar could easily lead the league in picks this year if nor for all tge dropped ones. Thats scary
Truth is defense has been great. Our offense is not playing like a playoff level team.
This sub is going to try hard to blame the defense for the loss despite Lamar looking like a rookie
Dude said Biden is a Marxist lmaooo
WHY DIDN'T WE GET MORE TIME
How is that not PI on #31?
Trying to calm down after this one. We ran the ball down their goddamn throats and held their offense in check. Lamar had a couple of bad picks that gifted them 14. We're still 5 and 2 and Dobbins looks like a great pick now. Fuck the Steelers and fuck the refs. We are coming for them on turkey day.
[deleted]
"In any event, y'all need to stop talking trash about Lamar. I know he's playing poorly this game, but he's certainly not trash."
Lamar’s regressed. Plain and simple.
Lamar really just laughed that off... not sure if that’s what I wanna see after such a bone head choice
"Not a fan of Lamar’s attitude after that 2nd pick. Totally changed the momentum of the game while Lamar laughed it off.

It’s like this season he doesn’t have the SB or bust mentality like he had last year."
"Lamar is playing terribly. To Romo's point, that drive could've been game.

All three of his turnovers have been abysmal and a breakdown on fundamentals. Throwing late, holding onto the ball way too long, lofting one straight to a defender.

He has regressed so fucking hard from last year."
Refs were trash but Lamar put them in this game. Loss is completely on him.
Just throw the damn ball away stop forcing shit
Fuck TJ WATT
fuck tj watt
Matthew Judon has got to fucking go
I honestly like Judon more now. Fuck the Steelers
Judon gets way too much hate in this sub. He wasn’t swinging at the ref
Our production without Stanley playing has been very comforting
Lamar is losing this game singlehanded
"Lmao at you guys blaming Roman. Roman doesn't tell Lamar to throw the ball straight at the defense.  If it's a bad playcall, he shouldn't be throwing it."
"The win/loss doesn't matter today. If lamar's decision making and field vision (both of which were fantastic last yr) don't improve, the ravens won't do anything of note in january.

He played this exact same way against cincy. It didn't burn the ravens in that game but is burning them now."
"FUCK. YOU. REFS.

SERIOUSLY. FUCK YOU"
Lamar is directly responsible for 14 of their points and losing at least 3 with the TO in the redzone. Not good enough.
Make Winks the OC too
"This feels just like the Chiefs game.

Lamar is playing weird.
Play calling is sketchy.
Defense is holding up as best as it can, but it's beginning to break.
And don't forget how we love getting flags thrown on every drive."
[deleted]
Can’t beat a team and the refs. It is what it is
"Lamar lost this fucking game, him and romans shit playcalling"
"Expecting the refs to make the correct call that would benefit the Ravens is insane, everything they've done today has helped the Steelers."
"Steelers didn’t even play that well tbh, gave them 14 points off Lamar, and 200 penalty yards smh"
Hit on a defenseless reciever
This game is on Lamar
REFS SUCKED HARD
My
"Is it just me or is the network only talking Squealers?

Go ahead, ignore the Ravens.  We gonna win."
WE GET ROMO??????!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuck the Steelers front 7.  Ours is better.
Fuck Steelers say it for good luck
Looks about the attendance of an orioles game pre pandemic
"&#x200B;

Guess we're going to blame the Lamar JAckson Pick 6 on the Rain and ball being wet          🙄"
"Oh, it’ll be one of these days huh"
Shake it off
Well there goes our running game
FUCKING HELL LAMAR
Lamar what a shit play
"Lamar maybe relax, learn to fucking relax."
The good news is - this gives two things. The chance to come back from behind and fix that narrative and help build the narrative the Steelers can't hold a lead. Let's fucking goooo
Now we're fucked. The runs about to be abandoned.
we’re gonna have to hear about that play all fuckin day aren’t we?
"We’re behind, say goodbye to the run game."
"&#x200B;

You can't do that. Late hit on Jackson from Fitzpatrick"
Bailout. I'll take it.
"&#x200B;

Refs are going to call that allday.   Thanks Minkah"
Not this illegal formation bullshit again
#SNEAD STEPPING UP
O line is crushing Lamar. Literally.
Wow Boykin looked surprised he even caught one.
Boykins CAUGHT IT!??
BOYKIN?????? WHOA
What a throw
They must have just locked Boykin in the bank over the bye
Let’s go boys
Such a perfectly timed pass
Woot woot!
What a throw wow
Finally a nice throw!
Looks like Boykin took all the negative talk about him personal this week.
tHe RaVeNs ShOuLd CuT bOyKiN
What a fucking bounce back. Play from behind after an opening drive pick 6. Amazing. Lamar baby.
Lets fucking go Defense. I have so much fucking faith
Boykin see Dez watching. He gotta show out today
"Boykin redemption tour, leggo"
Boykin did what over the bye weak lol? Good shit
"It's actually Dez wearing Boykins jersey, they're trying to throw off the scouting report"
"Beautiful drive  

We going to get a Marlon turnover. I can feel it"
Boykin got scared into playing good.
Great drive. Roman is still getting too cute on some of the runs. Glad we put a string of plays together. Lamar going through progressions again.
Dez lighting a fire under boykins ass!
Our D-line is fucking huge and tips a lot of balls. Big Ben throws more balls near the LOS than any other QB. Anybody else smell a tipped INT or 2?
"God fucking damn, /r/NFL is fucking disgusting. Saying Refs gave us that down."
I think they found the whitest guy in America for that Trump ad
fuck ben let’s fucking go defense
Yannick fast as fuck
So it's gonna be a ref bailout type of game
Yes we stole it back
JUICEMAN
Fruit PUNCH
They love their crabcakes and they love their strip fumbles
ALL PRO FOR A REASON
Man my stream is WAY behind y'all's lol. See y'all at half time!!
Woooow Peters ain't playing today boyyyyyyyyy thats a bad man
Did the refs force that fumble r/NFL ?
Just when I think you couldn’t possibly be any dumber you go and do something like this. And TOTALLY REDEEM YOURSELF
Juice Punch!
"That is Peters 101. Gives a lot, takes a lot."
Peters and Humphrey the best duo in the league
Let’s capitalize plz
I heard him scream :/
It's pretty encouraging how well the interior run is doing
Imagine thinking the NFL would want to cheat for the Ravens over the Steelers. They make way more money for the NFL than we do lol
What a fucking waste
it’s gonna be this type of game huh lol
Gunna be one of those games.. that’s for sure
throw the ball away... good lord.
Fucking run it man jfc
Run the ball with the running backs that got you there. Lamar keeper and a shitty pass play. Come on
"You simply can’t pump fake 4 times in the NFL, he needs to play smarter"
Cmon now that was a fantastic drive!!!! Pocket awareness please
Man 2 TOs already now we gotta come back on defense and make a play
Should have just ran it holy crap
"We can still win this game, but damn.  For every Lamar highlight this season, he puts out at least 2 lowlights."
Wish we’d just run downhill at them when we got inside the 10
People saying why not run..... There were 2 steelers right in front of him
Look at the positive...we’re moving the ball well against their defense but they’re getting to him
Well that one year of great offense sure was fun
"why the fuck is lamar so nervous, calm tnhe fuck down"
FUCKING DELAY OF GAME
"Lamar just trying to do too much right now, needs to be more careful for the rest of this game"
Jimmy ole reliable
That’s a great stand after the turnover
Nice tackling by Beans
"Defense still playing so good, I don't want to go back to when our defense carried us"
Awful punt lmao
"Great stop

Our defense is playing hyped up, I fucking love it"
"Steelers playing scared on 3rd down, ya love to see it"
"They’re not getting YAC on us, we don’t let that shit happen 💯"
Can already see Yannick’s impact. He’s definitely drawing attention and creating havoc
"Steelers playing on offense like they're scared of us.

If Lamar & co. can get their head out of their ass, we'll be good to go."
Didn't that ball bounce out close to the 50??
"man... 2 turnovers from lamar in 3 drives. 1 TD as well but...

just don't turn it over on this possession. Field position is good. I'd take a freaking 3 and out over a turnover."
Who said Gus Bus can't go east west!!
#NO PLEASE NOT STANLEY
Please just a sprain please just a sprain
"Fuck, that is the worst possible injury... fuck"
God help us please Jesus with Ronnie
He's in too much pain.  This is bad.... FUCK
This is bad. This is really really bad.
"NOOOOOOOOO. I blame Roman, garbage fucking play call"
That looks like his season.  That sucks.
That is one of the worst players we could have go down
#WTF DUDE FUCK HIS ANKLE IS BROKEN
Oh wow like I needed another reason to fucking hate TJ Watt
So TJ Watt just broke Stanley’s ankle... that fucking destroys us. Unbelievable.
Wait in the middle of all this.... Lamar actually did get that pass off. Should have been an incomplete
He’s out for the season.
EDC has a lot of work to do this week.
Fuck sakes why does something bad have to happen every 2 min
*Michael Scott face* “This is the worst”
This is going to show the crowd that said let Stanley walk how wrong they are
"Right after he signs his contract, why does that keep happening"
Shit on TJ for his intentional play not his accidents
bro my fucking soul... watching him in the cart
Couldn't we have done a go fund me and pay lamar whatever he would have made for him to not do the madden cover?
gotta trade for a lineman now fuck man this sucks
"Lamar is trying too hard to get the ball out a little bit too often today. I'd rather have the sack than a throw like that, even if it was completed"
It’s gonna be a fucked up game now unless the defense can carry us
"Losing Stanley much worse than losing this game, and this is probably the most important game of the season."
"Really hope Stanley isn’t out for the year. Besides Lamar, he’s the most important piece on the offense. Ugh. Very very bad news."
AT LEAST WE'RE GETTING MORE PRESSURE TODAY
Can we play a bit more aggressively now? Let's blitz and get some pressure on Ben
I like our D.
Shoutout to Wink playing tight press almost every play
Great job defense
The amount of people in this thread saying the season is over is too damn high.
DeShaun has all these NextGen stats and he's 1-6.
"The Ravens right guard was engaged in a block then had his right leg rolled up on. The two worries are for an MCL Sprain versus a high ankle sprain. At this point, we find it very unlikely for him to return today. 

Ronnie Stanley just signed a 5-year, $98.75 million extension and appeared to get seriously injured today. We believe he suffered a left ankle fracture dislocation after being engaged in a block and getting rolled up on from behind. He should be able to return by Week 1 next season, but his 2020 season is undeniably over. By video, the whole ankle and foot were trapped and turned outwards similar to Dak Prescott's injury, minus the open component of the injury. The Ravens lost LT Stanley and RG Tyre Phillips both in the first quarter today.

-from ProFootballDoc website"
#RUN ALL DAY
"This bus has no brakes

Beep beep motherfucker"
almost like running the ball works. incoming 20 pass plays
Yes please! Run the dang ball! Make them stop us!
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU RUN THE BALL!!
Gus hates the fucking Steelers.
Now we pound. Frustrating it took 8 weeks to realise this.
Crazy how electric our offense looks when you actually stick to our guns
That run looked meh but it still got 4
So wait...running makes it easier to pass? Whoda thunk it?
That was an incredible hit to stop LJ from scoring.
That was the toughest shot Lamar has ever taken
I hope we get to keep Gus
Llama it hurts me when you take these shots
Lamar is taking some shots today
No stupid bullshit from Roman. Do what you do best until they take it away. Make them take it away.
"What a statement drive. Proud of our guys to go out there with two backups in, smash them in the mouth and pound the ball down the field."
No call on the Helmet to Helmet.
"Feels like if we fully committed to the run this game we would be up 21, hope Roman realizes that too."
I think after the offense looked off cause they tried to make it a little more traditional. After Ronnie went down the coaching staff said fuck it were just gonna play like last year
I hate to say it but I think Ingram might be rb3
Greg roman figured out playing a team to its strengths lol
"Gus wanted it way more than #41

What a fucking beast"
All I can say is fuck the Steelers. Dirty fucking team.
"And that's what a Ravens offense is supposed to fucking look.

Now comes the impossible task of Greg Roman not trying to get away from a winning running game."
Fuck yeah. Open up the pass with them long schlong runs
Brown bullied Hayward right there. You love to see it.
With a steady run game like that we can do enough to beat the steelers with our defense. Really hoping we can snag this win for Stanley.
It took him three games and our left tackle going down but Greg finally figured out how to call plays for a drive
That drive is the  #1 reason I never get why we abandon the run. We average net per rush as many as some teams do passing. We are run of the few teams that can bust one or consistently run for 5 yards.
ben is fucking washed
"No hate, but Joe Haden looks like a Keebler's elf"
TJ “Spear the Knee” Watt
FUCK. THE. STEELERS
Amazing job by mcphee there setting the edge!
Nice hustle by Ngakoue to make that previous stop.
Penalties on both sides is the only reasonable option here
Judon’s contract is in JEOPARDY
Chuck Clark out there breaking things up. Really love his presence on this team
Classic Matt Judon
Fucking soft ass refs
"As I've said before, Judon is a loose cannon."
Bullshit call
 I cant wait to get rid of Judon.
He's Judone.
Don’t really agree with that call but Judon has to be more disciplined
Did the ref just flop
Another week of refball I guess.
That’s kinda bs but maybe we’ll trade him for a guard and pick.
Judon was jerking his arm free and accidentally hit the ref. However I understand why they took him out. Just like that 3 starters gone
That ejection of judos was weak. He didn’t come touch an official on purpose
Y’all that was bullshit. I’m not mad at Judon
Chris Board with a FF
ben sacked-burger
Good ole Ravens/Steelers game. Mostly defense. Multiple turnovers 😂
This game has been so entertaining! I can’t believe there’s still 5 minutes left in the quarter.
Get off the fucking field.
D is playing lights out! Let’s get a long rushing drive with points here plz
"Ringo ringo ringo ..... guys they are fucking blitzing to the right 



Ravens : yes"
"The only thing you did by ejecting Judon is making it more cut throat, dumbest F’ing call; Judons play aside, that was so f’ing egregious"
"LOL, I thought Biden said ""I'm Joe Flacco and I approve....."""
"Pro Football Doc just said they believe Ronnie suffered a left ankle fracture dislocation and is done for the year

Not official, but bad news"
"This game reminds me of the late 2000’s early 2010’s ravens-Steelers games. Smash mouth football. Every yard is hard fought and the intensity is turned WAY up. I love it. 
PS- FUCK THE STEELERS"
"Gotta keep that elbow good for thanksgiving, Ben can’t go another year without being able to use it for dinner."
The worst part about being an AFC fan is having to watch the awful CBS commercials for shows that won't last longer than 1 season
Holy shit that scared me
"This is THE number one rush defense?! Holy hell, they could give up over 200 yards before it's all said and done today."
r/NFL would have had a field day if he lost that lmao
Holy Ghost knocked that ball out.
Why does Lamar hold the ball like that instead of clutching it at his chest like other runners
Did I just hear romo say gus is banged up?
I hope Gus is ok
Fortunately that's a drop
Wait did he drop it? LETS FUCKING GOOOO
That’s not a pick
"Roman run the fucking ball, they aren't stopping it."
Come on Lamar. This is bad. You are regressing in the passing game man.
That clearly hit the ground but they fucked us the same way last year so idk
Man not gonna lie though that was a beautiful play by Haden
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

What is going on with Lamar Jackson? 

&#x200B;

That was another  close call"
Just run the clock..
2019 Lamar and 2020 Lamar are like two completely different players
"that wasn't really on lamar or boykin, pass got tipped at the line"
Ravens are the only team in the league that doesn't run slant routes I swear
"LOL, well at least Lamar's run game is on today."
Orlando Brown the wrecking ball holy shit
Pre-snap penalties have been below average this year
Jk dobbins makes me happy
Gus and Dobbins are such an amazong combo
Dobbins gets hit and just falls forward for six more yards
Get out of pittsburghs ass nantz
Dobbins out there doing a great job
Damn that was a quick snap. Professional as hell
Refs almost cost us three there
Stop the clock I hate when they blow the play dead early
Good from fucking 70 man
Legatron
The Ravens held the ball for 20 minutes that half. I like that!
We’ve dominated this game. Without the turnovers we’d be up by more
"Fuck the Steelers, bro"
I keep that Tuck 9 wit me
SAY IT ROMO
Tucker is a golden god. A finisher kicker.
0 points given up in the 1st half.
IN TUCKER WE TRUST
# FUCK THE STEELERS AND THE REFS
lol u guys see how they tried to cheat us?
Hollywood with 0 receptions is a bit concerning
7-17 LETS GO BOYS WE GOT THIS
Ben's getting picked off if he trys to open this thing up Bill!
"Tyre Phillips has been ruled out with an ankle injury.

2 ankle injuries to our OL so far."
Wow Ben is fine what a shocker
"Ok, let's not let JuJu get that wide open again"
"I feel so bad for NFL players. Imagine having to answer the same stupid questions from reporters for an entire career. “It starts with possessing the ball” yeah, you need to have the ball to score. Thanks."
Great no call
Jimmy Smith has really played well so far this season
Stiller calling for the flag before the ball is even in the area... Also uncatchable?!?
Jimmy wanted some butt
Jimmy Smith playing lights out
What is romo talking about that was like nothing
not gonna get a flag trying to sell it that hard
Need a 9-minute TD drive here and then let the defense close it out.
Steelers just praying for flags because they got shit for offense.
Romo doesnt know the definition of “grab”
He had a little hold at the beginning but the rest was just blanket coverage
Ben is literally just going for PI calls. Corners have to play smarter. Those throws aren’t even remotely in play.
Deep Hollywood bomb coming soon...
Doesn’t matter that we’re not getting turnovers/sacks caz they can’t move the ball
JFC Lamar.
Son. Of. A. Bitch.
RUN THE BALL!!! WHAT ARE WE DOING
Y
Anyone remember getting downvoted for saying Lamar looks absolutely off this year?
Terrible decision. Absolutely brutal.
What the fuck was that?
What the fuck are you doing Lamar?!?!
Lamar throws 2 INT’s and sitting on the bench laughing his ass off
God I don't know what's happened to Lamar. He just isn't even making good throws.
"I was pretty sure lamar would get on track, but im officially in the cautiously worried camp now"
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
"That wasnt even Roman's fault, why did he even throw that?"
These plays are such common sense things and why we let them hang in
Laughable
"I know the numbers are bad, but Lamar seems to be regressing in awareness"
"Lamar is too lackadaisical sometimes. I get that he gets away with shit like crazy but still it’s like, dude just play smart."
I'm starting to get pissed.......
I swear to god if we keep passing
Up 2 scores. Need to eat the clock. Ran like 170ish yards in the first half. Stops running the ball....
Fucking embarrassing. Lamar has been Pittsburgh’s best player today
Fucking stupid. All the momentum back to shitsburgh
"Lamar dude, what the fuck."
Wtf Lamar?
Might as well call that a pick 6
Lamar singlehandedly keeping the Steelers in this game
"&#x200B;

Lamar  Jackson  get your sh\*t together   😡😡"
"Lamar has been shit today, call it like it is"
Why is he laughing on the sideline?
"I’m sorry. Lamar can’t throw. It’s not a bad thing, but just RUN THE FOOTBALL GOD DAMMIT"
Just run the fucking ball jfc. We literally have scored for them.
Lamar is keeping the Steelers in this
"Lamar with a bad pass.

Defense somehow tops that with no one even close to the receiver."
Lol all we had to do was take care of the football
If we blow this game it’ll change our entire season
Why tf is this taking so long
Jesus fuck either kick it or dont
Can we stop giving them points ffs!!
run the ball run the ball run the ball run the ball
"I’ve haven’t been able to really watch the game today, but from what I can tell Lamar seems to be playing poorly. The question is whether this is because he has regressed or the Steelers D is really good. However based on recent trends im inclined to believe the regression narrative."
"Goddamn, can we stop falling on our lineman. This game is terrifying."
3rd and 5.... RUN IT AGAIN
F this game man fr.
Reminder that this gross incompetence is coming off a bye. At home.
LJ was a better passer last year
Lamar has been the Steelers best offensive player.
WHY THE FUCK IS THAT NOT A CALL
They are both hand fighting that’s fucking horse shit
Weak call
This game is starting to frustrate me.
nah these refs are the dumbest fucks ever
Phishing for flags
"Push offs don't exist anymore and apparently anything a defender does to an uncatchable pass is DPI.

Refball 2020."
WTF McCloud literally threw Bonds to the ground...
"It would be so fucking nice to collapse a pocket one time.


Edit: ayyy"
Ferguson did a great job of getting that sack
Sometimes we take the worst fucking pursuit angles
"Holding like mofo, no call"
God I hate prevent defense
Lamar has got to wake up
"Ferguson has stepped up, take notes 📝 Judon!"
Ferguson has been a low key beast this year
This is just fucking pointless
[deleted]
Why do we always have these periods of time in games where everything is totally inept?
"Truly shameful how we’ve blown this game, up 7-17, it’s sad man"
And the Ravens now trail Pittsburgh in Baltimore    😞😞
Fuck this game i need to get drunk
If I see one more baker commercial.....
Give Dobbins the fucking ball
Why don't we just cut our receivers and line up 4 additional linemen?
"The steelers have made less mistakes thats why they are winning,ah,and lamar jackson trash performance also"
"I don’t know how the defense can be blamed here. That’s the worst drive they’ve had all game, but poor decisions on offense is what gets you here."
Lamar can't throw the ball. Pitt can't stop the run. Roman: 5 STEP DROP
jesus christ
Gotta get Hollywood and Duvernay involved
3 fumbles and 2 picks after a bye week...not good.
Roman has to do better
3rd and 8 and *that’s* what we do?
A QB run on 3rd and 8? Okay Roman you do you
Did Hill not want to take a hit there? This is sad
This is on Lamar and his turnovers
Our O line is going to be a big problem now
FUCKING PATHETIC
3RD ABD 8 TRAILING RUN
Whole home fuckifier
The playcalling is absurd right now
"Everybody gonna blame the refs or injuries, we need to man the fuck up here."
I remember before the season started how we heard Ingram say Lamar was a million times ahead of last year. Heard Lamar and Hollywood really worked on their connection. Etc. Hollywood is a nonfactor this season. Lamar has not been good since week 1. This is so damn frustrating to watch.
Ben getting wayyy too much time
"Romo needs to chill.

""Awwhuhhhagghhgahhh!"""
Seeing a Terp player in a Steelers jersey is kinda disgusting
Worst we looked off a bye in a long time.
I’d like the MVP to show up now please.
"Nice adjustment by Wink. Your turn, Greg."
Our defense has literally had like 1 bad drive. Our offense is the whole reason we're down.
if we could not keep leaving watt as the read man that would be ideal
You right. Lamar trying to do to much but he shouldn't be in the position.
Steelers have made some nice adjustments against our running game this half. Since we can't throw either it's hard to imagine how we come back here
Lamar hasn’t been good today but Roman’s play calling hasn’t been putting him in a good position
Perfect time to play like shit
We have no pass game at all.
We could use a possession receiver Boykin is ok but he reminds me of a relief receiver more than a consistent starter Allan Robinson should've been an option.
We’re not winning this game with this offense
"I love Roman going 5 wide with nobody helping chip, let’s allow a really good pash rush to not have to hesitate with RPO or play action"
"Why IS THAT our 2nd and 8 play call to drives in a row, with 2 starting passing offensive linemen out of the game."
Great catch Duvernay! Woo!
Holy shit wtf was that was that a competent executed pass play
"Ok, that was a sexy throw.  Also, for the people saying we need more plays to Duvernay, drink up boys."
This is an option as well?
Give Duvernay more reps. He's at least shown signs of life.
where was the hold...
Fuck the refs so much
WTF REFS 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
HE DIDNT TOUCH HIM PNFAOOOOOO
That was soft af
Refs suddenly remember holding is supposed to be a penalty at the wrong time
And the holding is where?
......... of all the plays to call holding. Watch a chiefs game for god sake.
That may have been the weakest holding call I've ever seen
tHeY dOnT cAlL hOlDiNg ThIs YeAr
Phantom fucking penalty JUSTICE STRAIGHT AWAY
Someone tell Fitzpatrick to shut his mouth
"Steelers be like: bUt ThE rEfs

As they get all the help from them all game. Fucking shit"
I don’t know bad challenge here
"&#x200B;

I don't think that was  a Touchdown. But hey, at his point we have nothing to lose and everything to gain by challenging the call"
Wow that right knee left a mark that looked like it was in bounds.
RIGHT KNEE WAS DOWN
Lamar made that harder than it should have been
Refs unlikely to overturn the call. It's too close.
His left foot might have barely touched. His knee might have hit in. But it's sooooooo close. I can't be too mad if they don't overturn this tbh
"I generally like the Romo/Nantz squad on commentary, but they’ve been infuriating today."
There is a less than zero chance this gets overturned.
I hate these refs man I hate them
Dez is here less thank a week and we're already being called for incompletes in the endzone
When is it our turn to get hometown calls? I swear every home game we get flagged more than the opposition.
Losing this timeout is gonna come back to bite us somehow
OH MY GOD A TOUCHDOWN
KARMA BITCHES
"Review that, bitch"
I really hate those roll out plays on the goal line but it worked
Had to get 3 TDs to score once!
LETS GO HOLLYWOOD
Get in bitch
wow refs cant take away the 3rd td eh?
"From behind with some running and some passing, that is a GOOD drive. QBs have off days. Being able to come back is the key thing. Aaron Rodgers started with a pick 6 against Tampa a couple weeks back and didn't bounce back as well as Lamar has twice this game now."
Yea suck it easy lamar haters hide you cowards
We got in the endzone 3 times that drive.
That drive we overcame 3rd and 14 and 2nd and 22. This game is too close for my heart
Defense please make my day
We got the momentum back. Let’s carry that over to the defense we had in the first half
fuck everybody that was talking like the game was over already
FUCK THE STEELERS
Great TD but damn I wish that rushing TD stood. Kind of like that one touchdown against the Browns a few years ago that got called back.
Steelers and refs couldn't stop the Ravens on that drive
"It’s not over yet. Keep the pressure on, burn the clock. Very winnable."
##If they call a roughing the passer I stg
I would’ve lost my shit. They’ve been doing that to Lamar all game.
"This ref is a Steelers fan, JESUS CHRIST HE ISNT EVEN HIDING IT"
38 gotta go
Look I appreciate the sean connery tribute but can we please get Mr. Bonds off the field
38 is giving me unpleasant melvin flashbacks
please stop taking penalties
Who the fuck is Bonds and why is he allowed to play? Dude looks beyond fucking awful
"who tf is bonds. I've literally never heard this dudes name, and hes getting picked on"
"Bonds is booty but that was on Chuck, guys lol"
"That was Chuck Clark not bonds, was the right call"
Absolutely have to hold them to a fg at the very least
How in the world did Pittsburgh end up with such an easy schedule?
refs doing anything to keep them in the game
"These refs are so one-sided, lol"
over 100 yards in penalties come the fuck on
Steelers need to get bailed out but their fans consistently bitch about the refs
Defense is absolutely gassed after having to carry our anaemic offense
I don’t blame the refs I blame our undisciplined ass fucking defence that has been doing this all fucking year so far
Show a damn replay
Head Hunt the Refs
This game should be 7-24
Fuck refball
"First Half: What is a forward pass?

Second Half: How does one tackle?"
Fuck Claypool the little smug bastard
They better pound the fucking rock
Come on 6 min td drive to cap it
Loving these runs so far.
"This drive has last year's Ravens all over it. The fun, creative plays that keep the defense guessing. Welcome back Greg you fuck."
Dobbins is a beast
Dobbins low-key with a near 100 yard game.
GUS
BEEP BEEP BITCH
Boyle plastered that mf
First 100 yard game for JK. CONGRATZ! HERES TO MANY MORE!
This game is giving me a heart attack
69 plays? Nice.
#DOBBINS YOU CAN HAVE MY FIRST BORN SON
"Roman finally understood that passing is not our thing.

UNLEASH HIM!!!

DOBBINS IS A FREE ELF!!!"
If they had just done this maybe 5-7 more times they’re up two TDs right now. Whyyyyyyyyyy
JK REMIND ME OF DALVIN COOK
"We are so close, keep a cool head offense"
Of course you go for it
WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE WAITING FOR?????
This rivalry is going to give me a heart attack one of these days
"Ugh wish he tried to bounce outside, some space would have at least gotten 2 yards anyway. 4th and 3. Let me guess refs will decide this."
Yeah that was horrible. Game over.
I cant believe we handed them this game.
Worst fucking play call
Greg Roman turned back into a pumpkin. Hate to see it
"Can’t really understand why you got Empty there.


Oh well. Next time in Pittsburgh"
We didn’t deserve to win. We genuinely ain’t doing shit this season if this is our fucking game plan after a bye week
Fire roman immediately
This pistol college offense from Roman is not sustainable. We’ve cut down on QB runs (good) but the pass concepts are too mediocre
That’s a pathetic play call
"I mean, what about maybe running that option play that worked like 5 straight times?!?"
That play call was pathetic. Roman completely bit on what the Steelers wanted us to do
4 turnovers of course we lose.
[deleted]
To only lose by 4 after spotting them 14 is wild in itself. Between that and the penalties the ravens beat themselves today
Still got a chance
Now we need a miracle.
This ain’t over. But I’m not confident unless they blow a coverage again
Queen lfg
Time to see if Lamar has the clutch gene
Punt return TD incoming. Big truss.
I called it with the challenge coming back to fuck us. Now we have no timeouts and they ran 45 seconds off the clock.
This is where we see what Lamar is made of.
"If Jackson throws an INT or takes a sack, I'm rioting."
The line can’t hold long enough for deep shots to form
It almost always comes down to the last two minutes in Baltimore    🏈
"This offense needs something. Up 17-7 at half, we should have never been in this position"
Oh yeah let’s throw in the middle of the field with no timeouts. JFC
#LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO WE GOT A CHANCE
That injury will give us time back on the clock right?
Ravens should have atleast 15 seconds.
Give us more time then.
My ass just took a giant bite out of my couch
Time should be back in the clock
**WILLIE SNEAD IV 106 YARDS TODAY**
WTF WHY NO TIME ADDED
Wtf?? We should have gotten time back
We should of gotten more time
No time added?? Why
Robbed - fucking clock mistake.
Should have had another play with that clock
Watt took out our $100M man trying to dive on the pile after the whistle.
"I literally cant take watching another ""ITS ON ME GUYS"" signal from Lamar after throw a terrible pass to the other team. Omg"
"we are 1st in rushing, 27th in passing. can we play to our strengths"
Fire Dean Pees
I've seen us play from behind enough to know this games over lol
Bruh some of y’all gave up after 1 fucking play...
FUCK TJ WATT
"It looked like a high ankle sprain to me guys, those are incredibly painful and you can’t really put weight on your foot. I didn’t see the ankle snap

Could be wrong, I’m trying to be optimistic here"
I hate Judon so fucking much lol such an enormous waste of money for little production and stupid penalties galore
"Man, this sub is so wishy washy, one second Lamar is the greatest, the next they’re calling for his head. Calm down people"
"I have no idea what's been wrong with Lamar this year, I'm genuinely starting to get concerned. He's just been careless. We could be up 24-0 right now if he hasn't been so garbage."
Jesus. Sub 50% with two ints. That's awful
These refs can kiss my dick. Obvious steeler fans
"I love LJ, But he really just gave the steelers the game."
Man I love Lamar but this performance isn’t it. I hope he improves the rest of the season but as it is right now I would be pretty upset if he gets a massive contract extension this offseason.
I see our offense has used the bye week to do absolutely fucking nothing
Lamar has complete garbage body language at times. Man the fuck up and get going.
Knee was in
Genuinely: fire Greg Roman: out of a fucking cannon
So this game is all Lamars fault honestly
They got handed the game by the refs
Not even a fucking rrplay. Fucking joke of a league im so donr
THEY DIDNT PUT ANY TIME ON THE CLOCK AND LET THAT HELMET TO HELMET GO
"Fuck TJ watt, douche bag"
[deleted]
"Every bandwagon Steelers fan can fuck off, fuck that backwards ass city and the entire organization, burn in hell burn in hell"
#FUCK TRUMP
How is watt dirty for that? He went in backwards?
Watt didn't hurt Stanley on purpose but it was completely fucking reckless and unnecessary. So yea. Fuck him.
There’s really nothing the apologists can say - Lamar has more bad games this season than he has good ones. He needs to turn this shit around right fucking quick
Thread is hilarious. Lamar is keeping Steelers in there but he is also the reason are run game is working.
"Dude Tony Romo literally never has good things to say about the Ravens, ever. Like fuck you dude."
Fuck this Trump commercial.
Fuck Trump
"Soooo, can we criticize this team now or would that still make me a ‘FaIr WeAtHeR BaNdWaGoN fAn’?"
"Fuck you Greg Roman, just fuck you.  49ers fans warned us"
Classless fans booing here.
Browns fan just wanted to come in here and say Fuck the Steelers. Goodbye.
I'm on edge over here boys. This one's going to come down to the wire
2 turnovers by Lamar in the first quarter. Not a good start
That was a vintage Flacco moment lmao
TJ Watt can suck my left nut
"Watt too wreckless and fucking stupid to even make a simple tackle on a guy not moving. Dumb shit, go to hell."
Who do you want Lamar to throw to. nobody is open lol
Hopefully Minkah gets fined for that shit.
If Ben took the hit Lamar took on that last drive he would be rolling around on the ground for 5 minutes being dramatic
Pussy ass Pittsburgh Steelers.
I'll say it again: this feels like the 2004 team. The only saving grace is the QB is much better and our schedule is easier.
Free my man Judon
That wasn't a grab Romo. Chill
"21 points all on Lamar's shoulders.

Boykin will somehow get blamed for it."
We should be up fucking 20 if our offense wasn't fucking garbage.
Yeah we have like 150 rushing yards in a half. But no let’s continue to throw. literally spotted these fuckers 14 points.
Where’s our WR1 at? Hollywood sighting anybody?
Not sure if I’m missing something but can Lamar just not throw a pass 25+ yards? He did it last season so what gives? We know he can. The play calling has no creativity. I’d rather we lose and be experimental and creative than try to win with short passes and not utilising our run game enough
"Man fuck all the people here acting like those of us worried about how poorly Lamar is playing is us bitching.

This game could have been put the fuck away."
"As fucking shit as Lamar has been, this interior offensive line has done him zero favours today. Nor have the receivers."
Im so hyped this game is almost over
Lamar looking really bad in the pocket :(
"I'm not just blaming Lamar. I'm blaming O-line, receivers not being open, receivers dropping balls at times, Greg Roman's awful playcalling, AND coaching. The whole offense has been out of sync this season, and no 1 player's to blame."
"Why are so many of you so negative. If you guys keep saying we’re done we’re done we lost when it’s only a 1 score game, y’all shouldn’t be ravens fans"
"That wasn't Lamar's fault that time, Greg's to blame..."
bengals fan coming in peace to say i’m rooting for you guys. fuck the steelers.
Fuck these bitch ass Steelers
"Honestly I think we played better than we have in tough, close situations. I’m mad, but I’m really not that mad like I was with the Titans game."
BE LOUD FLOCK. ROCK THAT BANK
LETS FREAKINNNNNN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Everyone picking us to lose
I can hear fans.
Say that again: Defending **TWO-TIME** AFC NORTH CHAMPIONS 😤
Nerves going crazy.
Refs better call late hits to QB.  Remember how Steelers drilled RG3 after handoffs last year.
How has no one invented a rain blocking force field for open roof stadiums
We need to go out and catch a body today tbh
Let's get the gus bus and Dobbins goin early
Guarantee Harbaugh and Tomlin were talking about trash Ohio pro football is
Dez with the bape mask 💀💀💀
Man Yannick looks fucking dialed in ALREADY for this rivalry
Jesus dude
That was a terrible pass. Jesus christ he wasn't even disguising the coverage
Is it Roman or Lamar but we have regressed offensively
Lol yeah that should have been roughing.
Ooof now we don't have scapegoat Boykin. This was all on Lamar.
That’s on Lamar that’s a simple read he fucked up
"Lamar just isn't seeing the field as well as he did last yr, especially out of empty. 

He has to see spillane rotating there. He just has to. 

Oh well."
"Stop trying to turn Lamar into fucking Russell Wilson. He is not a CONSISTENTLY GOOD passer, fucking period. 

If the goal is to win , we need to go to our strengths establishing the run and mix in passing when needed."
Their clearly trying to injure Lamar lol
I think it was a late hit with Heward he was going out.
Dirty ass Steelers. Fuck 'em.
Will take it
"Like how is it not unnecessary roughness to twist a players legs after he hands the ball off, wtf"
A defense committing a dumb penalty on 3rd? And NOT the Ravens??
My husband just asked if I’m going to make my traditional game day Bloody Mary. Because he thinks I’m going to need it.
"Pick sixes, 15 yarders.... Ravens Steelers football"
The need for Snead!
Sneed needs to get the Molasses out of his knees
Phillips has got to go.
Snead is such an enigma. A 2/3 that has flashes of looking like a legitimate 1 every season
BOYKIN LET'S FUCKING GO
Dear lord that was perfectly placed
#BOYKIN IS FEEDING OFF THAT DEZ ENERGY TODAY!!!!
I am so fucking sick of watching a Greg Roman Offense.
Solid bounce back
TOUCHDOWN
Boykin decided to put glue on his hands instead of concrete
OMG ITS TIED NOW WE ARENT WINNING BY 50 ITS OVER!!!
THAT'S WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT!!
Boykin making amends I see
What a fucking throw
Lmao Lamar was so mad at Phillips you could hear him haha
Get a stop here and it’s like the pick six never happened
Great route and catch Boykin thats what I like to see!
"That pass was gorgeous, makes my pp tingle"
Alright Boykin that’s how to keep dez off the field
Nice. Back to good old Ravens football. Battling against the steelers transcends generations.
Suck my dick bitch
Boykin had a real good drive.
I want to see us pop Big Ben a few times after all those hits on Lamar
Feels great to see Boykin get that under his belt. Sorry I ever doubted you buddy
Hard to kill jobs that don’t exist...
"Need to see someone smack Watt and Dupree in the mouth. Can’t keep letting them hit Lamar late on the option plays.

I hope we draft some nasty SOB lineman next year."
Thats how you fucking bounce back!!!!!!
Steelers fans really came HERE bitching about refs. Can we please ban them? Do that bellyaching shit in your own sub.
time to rough up ben
Kill fat Ben!!
The way that guy staggered backwards after the ball bounced off his knee was pure comedy.
That was elite athleticism out of Ebron
Uncatchable!
so much talking on the field i love it
Uncatchable yo
He was holding the jersey but the ball was uncatchable. Weak call.
They're gonna call a tugged jersey PI?
**WELCOME TO THE PEANUT GALLERY**
Ball don't lie.
insanely bad call
Fuck this fake ass league
We are too damn good at generating turnovers.
Peters been watching Marlon film!!
WAY TO FUCKING GO JUICE MAN
“Refs are giving the Ravens this game” lmao ok
Peters redeemed himself
MP JUICE PUNCH
Chase Claypool - the next great Steelers WR
Peters learning the marlo punch
This team forces fumbles like no team I've ever seen
Bullcrap call on Peters...BUT WE GOT A FUMBLE!!!
JUICE MAAAAANE
"As a canadian, i hate that Chase “mapletron” Claypool is on the steelers. I’d love to root for him but i can’t."
"If the refs aren't going to help Peters with that call, he'll just do it himself!!!"
Lamepool
Fuck these refs and fuck the Steelers lfg
Phenomenal play by Peters
These punches be contagious
Karma for a horribly tacky PI call on an uncatchable ball. That ref should be under review for that shit
bs call on peters then comes back with that shit hell yeah our boys are dawgs
Marlon must’ve shared his how to guide on forcing fumbles
"FUCK
THE
FUCKING
STEELERS"
Saw that right away.  Looks like his leg/knee got a Gus Bus rammed into the back of it.
Fuck.
Looks like the key to beating the Steeler's run D is to have an RB fast enough to get out the backfield and beat the blitz before they get there...
Hope he's okay!
anyone notice they got a spy on lamar basically every play?
"Fuck that would suck if Tyre is out. Like he hasn't been playing great, but having to shuffle the o-line mid game is crappy."
dobbins is a future star
That blocking by Andrews got me chubbed
Dobbins balance is crazy. He always looks like he about to fall on his face. lol
"That balance by dobbins to stay up after the ankle tackle

That's vintage ray rice shit

I am so pumped for his future"
That's was a really bad decision
Ingram done lost his job
#FUCK
Dobbins has a knack for staying balanced. He looks so special.
"Lamars gotta feel that. He was just holding that ball there. Hell learn tho, hasnt seen it to many times"
ick
cmon lamar...
Kinda fucking awful
"Lamar gotta pull that down, Oline isn't good enough to hold that long."
I find myself yelling at the tv the same thing I yelled at Joe. Throw the ball already!
"I know Lamar is trying to throw, but man... just tuck it and run."
Fuck the Steelers
Lamar fucking up hard
Where were you when this became classic Steelers/Ravens defensive battle?
[deleted]
I wanna know why we didn't run that in  for a td
Anywhere from a 10 to 14 point differential thanks to Lamar turnovers.
"That strip sack looked like the one lamar had vs. tenn. 

When you're facing good pass rushes, you can't wait a beat to give your guys time. Take off or throw it away."
Clearly didn't get that off in time but I'll take the 2nd down over half the distance
Ben just penalty hunting
Lol they just gave up on 3rd and 10
"Awesome defensive series, now let's put up 7"
What was that spot???? Hello????
What spot is that. Challenge it.
Need points on this drive. Defense getting it done but Ben will open it up at some point
LMAO what kind of fucking mark on the punt was that
Ravens defense >>> Steelers defense
Lamar audibles now?
Lamar audibling more. I think I like it.
Jesus dude. We really having awful luck
"Welp, fuck"
NOOOOOO
At this rate we'll have to pull fans from the stands to fill out the OL before game ends
Say sike right now
#SuicideWatch
Of course it’s Stanley
That's broken
Aside from Lamar Ronnie out for an extended period might be worst case scenario.
Damn it man. The man just got paid too! I hope it’s not a ligament
somebody better actually break tj watt
Looked like a broken ankle to me
Welp that's the season
Take my leg Ronnie!
Well fuck there goes our franchise LT for the season.
Looks like that’s all we’ll see from Stanley this season...
Hes not playing for a long fucking time
"Looks like a massive knee injury.

This is fucked up."
Cool let me just fly into the back of an o-lineman trying to take down a QB that's already wrapped up
Of course it was Watt
"If we have to replace Greg Roman in the offseason, I won't be mad"
Even if we win this game. We still lose FUCK 🤦🏽‍♂️
Why does that always seem to happen. Player signs a big contract and they get hurt soon after smh.
"Fuuuuck
Would rather have lost this one than lose Stanley"
Probably season for him eh
That’s just depressing. Huge part of our team and at a spot where we don’t have depth. Get to work EDC!
That was such as a risky throw
"Could have been Lamar's 3rd turnover of the first quarter, wtf was he thinking."
Let's see ben powers man
Lamar is gonna have to learn to get rid of the ball fast.
This offensive line situation is bad news bears
"we need to leave a te or someone to take a fucking bump into watt to try and stop him, none of our lineman can 1v1 him"
"Bright side, this is almost certainly the Best defense we play this year, so this is the hardest challenge for our offense (outside of thanksgiving). We stay above water here, and we'll be able to just about each game here out."
we a defensive team again boys
"1 hour 1st quarter, goddamn"
chris moore sighting
Our D is legit.
"Defense playing well at least, keeping us in it."
Our defense can win us this game if the Offense stops turning it over
"This defense deserves better, out offense seriously has to wake up"
Praying for Ronnie Stanley y’all. That just sucks.
"We better win, Steelers can’t get away with this"
"Run the ball across Pittsburgh's 40,, then take the three."
This game is winnable! Stop being so blek and depressing. Sucks that Stanley got hurt - but that's football. We have people that are also paid lots and lots of money to come in and do the job. Let's go down and get some points!
Trying to get excited about this game again... but it's super difficult after Ronnie went out.
Ronnie got rolled up on. If you guys think TJ Watt did that on purpose then you're clueless.
#THE WHEELS ON THE BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
GUS BUS
Make Gus 1RB already you cowards
BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER
Feed that fucker!
See what happens when we FUCKING RUN GREG ROMAN YOU DUMB CUNT
Those 4-6 yard runs by Gus are so effective man
Need Ricard or Boyle to put Watt in his place and show him what you get for being a dirty fuck. The play Ronnie got hurt might not have been dirty but every run play he is hitting Lamar super late. It may be legal and he’s doing his “job” but it’s still dirty. There’s a reason other players don’t do it.
Gus should be the starter from now on
FEED THE BUS
GET ON THE BUS WE GOIN
Gus is the MOTM so far
KEEP POUNDING THE ROCK
"It only took him like half the season, but is Greg Roman finally learning we can run the ball?"
JKs acceleration is wild
RUN THAT MF ROCK
RUN IT DOWN THEIR FUCKING YINZER THROATS
Jk went 10 yards in about a second holy shit
Run Dobbins run
This run game is doing well here. The Steelers don't look like they have an answer at the moment.
this is the Greg Roman we like
"We have to be content running 3-4 yards at a time. It is steady, working, and keeps Steelers off field.  Don't get greedy."
The running game is so fucking beautiful
Now that is when you call play action
Ok now give it to JK.
Oof Lamar please be careful
BIG GUS TRUSS
"jesus christ that's a risky play call, especially against the steelers who will play dirty"
How is that not 15????
BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER
That should’ve been penalized.
This just proves that if the playcalling is right our offense is dangerous
LOVE HOW LOW GUS BUS GETS
Orlando going fucking crazy... AHHHHHHHH!!! >:)
Wish we were this flawless in the passing game.
That's how its fucking done!!!
Great drive! Love that we continued to run the ball.
Spilane can’t handle the bus
"Yeah, Lamar, please don't get hit like that again....my heart can't take it"
G G G GUUUSSSSS
RUN THAT FUCKING BALL
i love gus man he just goes straight up the middle and runs hard
"That was such Ravens football, just keep doing this shit, fuck the receivers."
Let's fucking gooooooo Greg Roman you fixed your shit.
Remember when people were like you can’t run it every play lol
We really waited to lose 2 starters before we got into our game. We haven’t run like this since last year lol
Steelers got fucked that drive
There is absolutely no way ingram should get more carries than gus when he comes back
"That was such a nice double ram by Fluker and Boyle

Smart design by Roman"
Zeus and fluker at tackles are better
I fuckin love Gus. I really hope he gets his fair share of the backfield and gets the chance to produce in the NFL like he is capable of
"Next time Lamar: King of the North levels up, we gotta put a couple extra points into constitution"
Absolutely beautiful drive. Lets keep it goin
Man I love our RBs
"This is us ! This is our identity ! Run Run Run, open the opportunity for the passing game and score. Just be careful with the way we run Lamar to avoid those hits"
LFG Baltimore
"Good play calling give Roman credit, also way too much Lamar slander Hollywood if he wants to get involved get open"
ANKLE FOR STANLEY SEVERITY NOT YET DETERMINED
Hopefully that convinced Roman   we should not have Lamar stand in the pocket like a statue and throw to 5 ft 10 receivers. That's not his strength.
Rush D starting to look sloppy lol
Love to see Watt screaming at coach
"Okay on that PI against Peters I said it was uncatchable and holding at best. Romo just called it a holding penalty but didn't comment on it being just holding at the time, I feel like that was Freudian."
Lots of bad behavior on that play...
Why is this feeling I have right now so familiar as a Ravens fan?
"Fucking hell team, we don't need to give up yards. We can beat this offense"
"Should be offsetting. Washington grabbing Peters facemask is BS, but so is Judon adding extra out of bounds"
That should offset. They both hit eachother plenty...
God Judon is such an undisciplined bum.
We gotta hit them *during* the play boys
Jesus Christ it's a rivalry just wash the penalties.
If they eject judon he will get more sacks then if he would have stayed in the game
"Honestly, that was dumb by Peters and Judon but it's the Steelers so it's bound to happen. Not that mad."
OMG... You fucking idiot...
The shit Judon
Are we going to even have backup players left after this game?
So over judon
Fitzpatrick contacted an official in first quarter.  Nothing happened to him.
Soft penalty
LOL lame ass call
Judon....
That’s bullshit
Dumb call
Judon you fucking idiot...
That's ridiculous when they also shoved a coach
"I know it’s going to hurt us but I’m so fucking glad to see Judon kicked from the game. Kinda weak from the ref but still, get him out. Coaches need to stop leaning on him so much. Hopefully his time in Baltimore is coming to an end."
Watch us get 3 straight sacks from here
Time to shine Yannick
That’s a terrible ejection
lol Judon is doing the absolute opposite of playing for a contract
Ngakoue's City now
"Judon being dumb, shocker"
"If you hold someone’s arm like that in the middle of a fight, did the ref expect him not to react?"
Judon has elite dumbassery
Wasn't even to the ref wtf
Judon is gone 🦀🦀
I wish we could cut Judon. He is such a fucking liability and I actually can't stand him.
Judon was carrying Johnson away and was to pulled to ground. He wasn't swinging at the ref. Someone was restricting his arm but he has to chill.
Judon and giving free drives to an offense. Name me a more prolific duo.
"Maybe a weak call, maybe a bit of flop by the ref, but you just can’t touch the refs. That’s practically automatic."
Although Judon shouldn't be fighting with coaches/teammates. He's gone from here. He's done.
Campbell makes the ball look like a lemon
Steelers fans: hE pUnChEd A rEf RaVeNs ShOuLd FoRfEiT
I’m sorry but I love our chippyness. FUCK THE STEELERS
There Ben has fumbled now too we just didn't get the bounce.
Steelers offense looking like doo doo out there.
Earl Thomas who?
Steelers offense is looking lost today
"See that steelers, no defensive linemen throwing their bodies around for no reason."
i really wish there was more duvernay
I’m not hating that Board dude
This game is giving me heart palpitations
I smell a very long jk dobbins run upcoming
Judon is losing lots of money this season. His on field production hasn’t been there
This game is classic ravens steelers
why is ben always hurt
Oh man Bens elbow being looked at. I’d kill to see the boys fuck Rudolph up again
Gus and JK both over 100 today!
Really like to see us hold onto the ball till the half
What. The. Fuck. Lamar.
Yikes that fumble scared the shit out of me
Lamar you are scaring me
Lamar looking at the camera “psyche”
I didnt realize it was that slickery
Is justice hill active?
"Lamar is giving me heartache 

Fucking wet ball"
waste the clock and at least score 3 is a perfect ending to the half
"Let’s make it a two scorer before ht, please"
Lamar fumbling madden 20 style
[[Twitter video] We've got a jumbotron proposal folks! Congrats to the happy couple 💜 - @Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens/status/1322982603755081728)
Thank fuck
Incomplete
"&#x200B;

Lamar you good bro?"
No int but that was horrible throw lamar
That’s incomplete foh
"nope, don't like that"
"Not a pick.

But still, come the fuck on, man."
Ahh another Devin Bush dropped INT they'll give them
Can't use the ground to secure.  Period
Lamar just seems to be playing with a lack of confidence this year...idk
"it may get called back but... idk. 

lamar doesn't want to protect the ball today."
That was to Boykin right?
Now we run the damn ball
Grind the fucking win out. Nothing sexy. Make it gross
Great play by the defender. Poor pass. Not great job by the receiver to block out the defender.
They need to make lamar carry a football around at all times and try to strip him randomly
"Phew, I thought the refs were going to screw us again."
"GUYS THE STEELERS ARE A GOOD DEFENSE, WE ARE FINE"
"Huge conversion by Lamar.

I don't care how iNjUrEd Ben is or how bad their offense has looked all game. You put them in one-minute drill and they will get points. Well done by us."
I love seeing Willie Snead talk shit to Steelers players haha
Gonna be real I don’t see Mark getting many carries for the rest of the year
Damn we might get 3 points or more out of this drive.
Ray Rice Jr
"Good play, don't force it"
Superstar Lamar starting to catch fire mane
"Pass was low, Andrews slipped.  Bad combination."
Gotta make that pass but gotta have more time ...
Why the F do you call a timeout right there
"Lol, these refs are crazy sometimes xD"
#LOVE TUCKER
Tuck is the man
51 yards? No problem!
Good hard earned field goal
Tucker GOAT
The Goat🐐
SO MONEY! TUCKER FOR MVP.
Tucker you GOD
Tuck is just next level good.
God I love that man JT
Hey Romo can we finally stop the charade about Tucker not being the goat
G. O. A. T. 🐐
Roman I know we say to run the ball but I mean come on don't gotta scare us like that with no timeouts lol
JK and Snead carrying us today
"He had another 15-20 yards in the kick, my god"
"Guys, I loved how it turned after Stanley’s injury; the ground first game is back!"
"Love you Tucker. This will be a game of inches. Gotta outplay Pittsburgh in the second half, they will be coming."
ALMOST AUTOMATIC
"""almost automatic"" shut up nantz"
"Their offense can't fucking score on us!  This should be a half time shut out right now!  

#FUCK THE STEELERS!!!"
Autotucker
Dobbins with 69 rushing yards in the 1st half.
LFG do it for Ronnie
Tf?  They didn't show lamars pass td to Boykin on the first Highlight reel?  Weak
Happy to be on top at this point in the game. Just need to go out in the second half and keep pounding that rock.
There might be some hope for Stanley since it's an ankle not a knee. Pray to the football gods
"First couple drives had some rough calls but overall Greg is calling a great game. Pleasantly surprised, I was hardcore doomerposting early on because I was terrified he'd try to have Lamar throw the ball 45 times again. 

Been bad all year but today hes been great. pls keep this up Roman."
"I think pitt is gonna stack the box hard and sell out on the run, gonna need some good adjustements from g-ro"
Wayyyy to much time
Bowser playing well this year
Jimmy smith goat veteran
ben penalty hunting
Idk if it was a penalty but they owe us a couple
Squeelers looking for a flag
Made up for the other one
I’ll take that makeup call for that BS call on Peters
Steelers can't just cry their way to yards. Prove you can beat a guy then they should throw flags.
Shut the fuck up Romo
Judon is ejected and...nothing changes. Judon to the Jets at the end of the season
Goddamnit...
I really don't get it.
Run the ball
Run the fucking ball Roman
RUN THE FUCKING BALL ON 1ST DOWN
Wow...
Jesus
Jesus Lamar you suck throwing the ball today.
Wtf are you laughing on the sidelines for?
I mean we literally have a plan that's working. And we absolutely have to get away from it. Why?
AGAIN A FUCKING DUMB THROW
Inside our own 20 with a shaky quarterback? THROW THE BALL
"Good lord, Lamar"
WHY
Lamar is too reckless
"""why are we throwin the football"" FUCKING EXACTLY. DAMNIT ROMAN"
Well that was sickening
Honestly it’s really surprising we’re even in the lead still and the Stanley loss just puts the cherry on top. It’s going to be a miracle from god if we come out with a win
Both TDs have been Lamar's fault
Madden curse
Just run every play. No need to pass it and get intercepted every drive
Lamar ia killing us
Lamar is absolutely killing us. Run the ball the rest of the day.
Our offense is the Steelers offense
Honest to got that may be his worst pass of his career
Steelers cannot produce until Lamar throws picks at the start of drives. Unfortunately that is happening too much
And just like that it went from feeling like we were up by 20 to being down by 10.
I wanna see less than 5 pass attempts for the rest of this entire fucking game
"Lamar bby, what the fuck"
Even with the line injuries this is a pathetic showing by lamar with 2 weeks preparation
Steelers can’t wait until we get the ball back. FUCK!
Just get back to pounding the rock and we good
Stop wasting our time with a fucking extra point holy shit
We need to score again. A nice long drive
"Feel like this is going to be another defensive win and Lamar gets bailed out again, or it’s all put on the D in some 4th Q play and they can’t make it happen, because no matter how good they are, it’s likely they’ll make one mistake if they’re out there for ages. 

Lamar needs to get his act together"
"For the Americans, even the UK broadcast team have no idea why they’re passing the ball"
"The Steelers had under 100 yards of total offense before that pick. Goddammit, how is this team going full 2016?"
Fluker looked hurt there...
Need another turn over
That Chris Moore handshake was jokes lmao
Prosche was wide open after a sensational route on that last 3rd down
When's the last time we took a deep shot? Certainly not during this game.
I hate this
Refball
wow we're gonna lose lol
This is why you go deep. But we don't.
Bullshit dpi
This game is giving me ptsd
"Yo Wink, can we call man to man? PLEASE?"
Defense needs a sack or a turnover to stop Pitts momentum
FUCKING BULLSHIT. COME ON RAVENS. WTF
Sack Daddy!
Fucking embarrassing
Pick six...please
Ferguson winning me over these past couple of games
We knew they'd target queen
Ferguson matched Judon's seasons production this drive alone.
The great unraveling
Oh boy now we get to do the thing this team loves the most; playing from behind!
Lamar will pass every down now since they are now down
I....have no words.
Alright Lamar redemption time
The quarter from hell
Ugh I’m so sick of baker mayfield and his stupid commercials
Defense is so good in the first half again and doo doo in second
"every


single


one of us knows what roman is going to do now"
Jaylon Ferguson to me has been the most improved player this year on the entire roster. He always had all the physical tools so glad to see him producing a lot more
"Every time I watch, ravens lose. So guess I know what I must do for a W 🙏🏻"
This is going to be an ugly game and I am not happy
This game is basically the Ravens against themselves.  Aside from that drive the Steelers haven’t even been playing in this game.
Our vertical passing game has disappeared
Greg Roman special incoming.
got lucky
Bad playcall but why the spin move there?
I saw that fumble coming. Tell me why this happens
Hold the fucking ball
Saw that fumble coming too
How do guys not know that people are behind them? lol
Jesus Christ
HOLD ON TO THE BALL
can we hang on to the damn ball please fellas
lamar is having a tough game
Smh llama that was almost another turnover
Wtf are these play calls
Having to bring in two back up o-linemen this game is really hurting us
3rd and 8 and you call a read option
[deleted]
FUCK YOU GREG ROMAN. NO WONDER BUFFALO DUMPED YOUR ASS.
How the fuck is Watt in the backfield that early
Why on earth are we leaving TJ Watt unblocked? Are we stupid?
Why is Watt constantly unblocked
My mood and my balls are blue
Play calling and execution is killing us here.
I feel the exact way when you’d watch joe throw it short of the sticks on third down. You just know 3rd downs are unlikely to hit.
Lamar is holding it way too long on literally every pass play
at this point I can just lose the cider part of this bourbon and cider
"well... at least lamar didn't turn the ball over on that drive. 

Andrews tried to but to no avail.

Defense gotta save us."
"Why is Lamar playing scared? We just refuse to even attempt to air it out and won't take any shots with guys who are 1 on 1. 

Maybe if Dez plays well he can change that and get him comfortable with throwing it up on those plays"
tennessee fucking sucks
Defense do that thing where you bail Lamar out
Get Roman tf up out of here
"The good thing is that Lamar's contract gets a little smaller everytime he throws the ball, so it won't even close to a mahomes style contract by the end of the year"
These injuries have killed an already lackluster o-line. Lamar hasn’t played well but he’s under pressure immediately
Good fucking stop. Offense DO SOMETHING
I fear EDC is gonna overload our defense and completely ignore the offense...the only flaw Ozzie had really
"I don’t understand it, Lamar read defenses so good last year but suddenly can’t this year?"
I wonder which Greg Roman  and Lamar Jackson we get this drive
Can we flip Judon for a WR? Offense needs help.
C'mon offense. Defense bailed you out. Let's fucking go
Dalvin cook has 150 rushing yards and a 50 yard td catch
Fuck this o line
Lamar just looked scared on that play.
WTF was that on Lamars arm?
what the fuck are we doing on offense lmao
this playcalling is disgusting
Jfc this is brutal
"Why does Lamar's expression look so fucking confused. You're getting tacked because you refuse to throw the ball, my dude."
"Dude fuck our play calling, and fuck oline injuries"
"Handing the sacks for free, and spotted PIT 14 pts."
It’s going to be easier to contain this run when they know we just can’t pass for shit.
Steelers secondary is not good. Someone is open.
He had time. Ran into the pressure
Maybe we should have no line. Defenders get to the backfield at the same pace but Lamar has more room to run.
"3 and out > turnvoer here.

Just like old times tbh"
"Either no one is open, or Lamar can’t see the field.  He had more than enough time there to get a throw off. Have to know against the Steelers you have a certain amount of time"
#YESSS DUVERNAY I LOVE THIS GUY
"DUVERNAY ALL DAY

get that kid more involved"
DUVERNAY
Finally!!
He has to be able to do that consistently  to win a SB
Duvernay is a fucking badass and we need to play him more.
LMAO then immediately follow with a loss of 2
"Are you shitting me. He failed to hold. He tried, but he fucking whiffed"
FUCK THAT FUCKING FLAG!!!!
Holy fuck this has been a one-sided game by the refs.
FUCK
thats fucking bullshit
How the fuck was that a hold?
"36 run plays, 23 passes but people are complaining  that roman isn’t calling enough run plays."
That just wasn’t holding
Skura has had a rough time coming back from the injury.
Let’s GOOOOO get that momentum
Ayy lmao fuck these refs
Thank you snead for having some balls and jawing those fucks.
":( FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK.

Many maybe that'll give lamar some confidence though"
Fuck these refs
That's literally not holding...
Pissed even if we get a TD here there literally wasn’t a hold on that call
That hold was so fucking weak
Yo this game is fucked I never seen shit like this before fuck these refs
I thought the refs were going away from picky calls. I thought the league wanted to reduce those calls...
ravens can never get some ref favor
Right knee was in no?
Bro that’s a touchdown and a half. That knee is so down.
Think it’s to close change it
"Wait, that's a td. That last replay, it's close but that right knee is down before left toes touch out of bounds."
Knee was in but it’s not enough to change
Too close to call. It'll stand. Looks out to me though.
Knee is down the visible evidence is on the turf lmao
His knee tapped down slightly before he was out that’s a TD but refs aren’t gonna change it knowing how they operate
They could literally call that holding every play and they wait until they see Lamar hitting his head on the goalpost to.
Kinda fucked u don't call something that close a TD and review instead of making us use a challenge
I’ll be shocked if the refs give this to us.
First int was roughing the passer too fuck the refs
Need 6 man
"So close, but fuck it. LETS SCORE HERE!

&#x200B;

EDIT: HOLLYWOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!"
"That blonde female voter on the 60 minutes ad could get it, damn. Lol."
DOESNT FUCKING MATTER BABY
"Great strike there, Lamar. Love that throw."
I might cry
After scoring three times FINALLY
Asshole refs
The refs really think they can take shit from us and we won’t get it right back. Lol
Suck it easy Lamar hatersssss
Great job by Hollywood finding the soft spot in the zone
Finally got in there!
Great drive.
Finally offense picks it up. Let’s go!!!!!
Hollywood still gets his TD
No lie I was mad worried we'd fuck the pass up
I don't understand why we don't roll out more.
Good get Brown his TD.
Lamar gave that Steelers bench a long look after that TD
How about a fucking defensive score and just twist the knife.
We still gonna win boys BELEE DAT
Damn refs tried so hard to stop that one too.
I’m so sorry for doubting you lamar. Let’s go! 🙏
So does Lamar get the blame of the game still?
3 touchdowns there on that drive. Give us 21 bitches.
We are just so much better. Anyone can tell by just watching. I don’t know why this is so hard and stressing
My friend is in California and I asked him if he’s ever seen HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDD
I swear the refs are tryna fuck us on every play
BONDS WTF
Refs want to throw a flag so bad. Fucking pathetic.
The fuck was that 38? Who even are you?
Who the hell is bonds and why is he playing? Dude just straight up stopped playing in the middle of a catch.
"Defense is hot offense sucks, Offense wakes up, defense falls asleep. Good ole Ravens football"
cut 38
Have the Steelers had a holding penalty or DPI all game?
Is 38 a fan who snuck in? Holy crap.
WHO IS NUMBER 38
I’m feelin a Marlon punch coming...
Agent Bond(s) the steelers undercover agent
Flag after flag
These. MF. Refs.
This is brutal
HOW IS IT PI EVERY TIME???? What the fuck happened to holding or illegal contact?
Can the Steelers please move the ball with out the refs' help?
How the fuck is that PI? Why are the refs so god damn biased
I love having over 100 yards in penalties
Dude the refs are literally fucking full of shit.
FUCK. THESE. REFS
These fucking penalties. Holy shit.
For reals? Come on
"9 penalties and 3 turnovers, what the fuck"
These refs can suck my dick
We just fuck ourselves. So many penalties. Defense looks legit one half then absent the 2nd. Like come on guys
Time for a fruit punch
ticky tack fouls man
Pathetic defense right there
These pick plays are getting out of control in the NFL
We need a good long game winning drive to chew clock and get that W but with these refs fucking us over every chance they get I doubt we’ll get past the 50yd line
"Defense got cooked, horrible series"
It’s just a matter of running the clock down and scoring. We got this. Just gotta belee.
I'm about the rip every follicle of my hair out. This game has pissed me off passed my limit
The hometown calls will start kicking in for us one day like they do for every other team in the NFL.
All of these refs deserve to hit the unemployment line. How is it possible to be this bad and still keep a job?
Cold War looks sick af. Pretty hard to fuck up a return to that era when BO1 is one of the most loved games in the series. COD 4 - BO2 was absolutely the peak of the series
JK is the real deal
browns lost to the raiders LMAOOOOOOOOO
Keep running
THE WHEELS ON THE BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
Why ever throw the ball again?
Letting Gus leave would be a mistake idc
Dobbins is fucking nuts.
That option was gorgeous
Future all pro imo
Honestly we should coach our WRs to commit OPI on every passing play. The refs consistently call them on the defense regardless.
Keep doing this and stun them with a pass if needed.
Keep running that motherfucker. Pitt is on their heels
Dobbins going off!
If Greg calls a goddamn throw at this point I will March to Baltimore's front office and protest until he's fired
Wish we would take a play out of KC's book and get Andrews out in the slot like they use Kelce
This is what we should have been doing all game...
Wheres the people who were arguing against the fact that Ingram is our 3rd best RB?
"Fake injury to give his defense a rest, FUCK OFF"
"Even if we lose this game, going forward DOBBINS NEEDS MORE CARRIES. HE IS AMAZING"
Sad but Ingram needs to not get many snaps anymore
This game has all but cemented Ingram getting cut in the off-season.
"Bro, this option is beautiful when they go straight at Lamar every play."
Dobbins has such a knack for staying on his feet
Now they’re faking injuries. Thug team
Let’s slow it down a little. Use they clock. Don’t want to give them back the ball with too much time.
"Not only are we good at running, this team loves to run. Look at that effort on the blocks by all 10"
Absolutely need a TD here. A FG would be futile at this point
Gus and JK looking great today.
"man i love dobbins, he's a worthy successor to ingram"
Heart attack time
This is the game here.
I hope they have something wicked dialed up.
"Blame of the game: Jackson
Player of the game: running backs"
Greg Roman loves his 4 man verticals in the red zone
If we throw it i. Going to jump out my eindow
"We got this, man. Let's go"
I’m ready to get hurt
Terrible clock management. Romo was right.
I say go right back to the speed option with lamar and JK
Truss baby!! Let's gooooo everyone fingers crossed we get this 4th
"The penalties have ruined this game for me... I really hope we can still pull this off, but damn the refs have sucked the life out of this game"
Terrible play wow.
There’s the fucking game
Didn't deserve this game
Why the fuck was it an empty back designed run?
That’s the fucking game
DREADFUL PLAY CALL
another loss on Lamar
Whoever the refs are for this game better never have another ravens game.
He fumbled anyway smh
What a shit playcall
Another fumble by Lamar. Not that it matters.
OH MY GOD HOW COME WE DIDN'T USE DOBBINS!?!?
WHAT WAS THAT?!?!?!
Fuck you Greg Roman
5 wide... why
Yes. Running backs been eating. Lets make the qb run up the middle.
Wooooooow Greg fucked it big time.
"5-wide empty and WHO DID NOT EXPECT QB DRAW? Laughing at these bandwagoners fans now all of a sudden calling for Romans head :'D Ice up people, ice up"
Qb running it should be a bail out and not a play smh.
"The contrast to last year is insane. I wouldn't even have been worried about that fourth down last year. This year, I'm confident we *wont* make it."
I’m shocked that the refs haven’t thrown a random flag yet
"Thats a difficult play to cover, nice tackle by peters though."
What a play Defense!!!!
"Last chance, boys... 

&#x200B;

BIG TRUSS!\~"
Damn he got ROCKED
HOW ARE WE STILL IN THIS GAME
Duvernay I need you
I'm not hopeful but I'm still here Lamarao
If we pull this off......I would be so happy
"If we lost this game, that's still a clutch stop from our D."
honestly can we give it to duvernay so he can run it downfield fast AF
Let's see if Lamar has it in him to put it all behind him and comeback to win with no timeouts.
[deleted]
"Questionable play calling aside, you can't discount stupid penalties and awful turnovers. 

Lamar went from fearless to reckless."
"Need chunk plays?  Naw, lets throw it middle field short."
This o-line won't let a comeback happen
"Lamar is torture, Lamar is life."
Hayward can fuck out of here
If he is injure why not stopping the clock?????
Either time needs to be back on the clock or a penalty.
"oh fuck, OH FUCK."
Offside PIT
Wtf there should be more time
Refs didn't put any time back on the clock
why didn't we get more time on the clock????
WOOPHTIE FUCKING DOO FUCKING REF BALL
Never mind
Refs fucked us
Lamar woulda clutched that if Roman could call plays
"No matter the outcome, too many fucking injuries this game"
Refs need fired
Fuck these refs to end of the game.
Damn that was a good throw. Better defense
Good game boys. I still loves this team. We played well despite
"Well at least it was close as fuck, not like some other games where we just lose it in the second half. Can continue to tweak a few things."
Pain.
If the player doesnt get up due to an injury after the 2 minute warning the defense gets charged a timeout and I would assume that timeout would be in effect once the player doesnt get up I disnt look it up but I remember when the rule got put in place because all the players were flopping
[removed]
How the fuck do people like Romo?  Just STFU already.  You don't have to talk the entire fucking game.
"So some take aways from the game:

- Fuck the Steelers 

-Fuck the refs

-Lamar kept the Steelers in the game

-Snead is somehow clutch af in those long passes

- We need to let Dobbins eat

- Those RPO’s were fucking glorious

- The O-Line is fucked

If anyone wants to add feel free"
Fuck TJ and Fuck The Steelers
"Can’t wait to see that fat fucking rapist walrus get barley hit, roll around on the field like he just had both his legs blown off"
That could have gone better.
If they hit Lamar after he hands it off that needs to be called
I hope Phillips is ok but im ngl iv been wanting Fluker to start for awhile
FUCK TJ WATT
Show us a replay of a Steeler Dline doing some dirty shit already
He’s out for the year that was the ankle
“Here’s your well deserved extension.” Then he gets rolled up by who else TJ Watt. Fuck man
Leading with the helmet?
That's a fucking penalty.
Fuck off Judon you stupid fuck
Lamar WTH LOL
"Lamar really, really needs to get it together. I know it's a rough game but outside of short runs and passes he has looked extremely shaky."
Lamar making some Flacco decisions
"2 ints, could have been 4. Possibly the worst game of Lamar's career, its unfortunate he never has one of these TERRIBLE games in a completely meaningless matchup. It's always the playoffs or in big games that will impact playoff seeding."
"Man... this is a bad game from Lamar. We’re still up by 3 and Lamar is playing maybe one of the worst games of his career.

That doesn’t mean he’s terrible or he sucks etc. it’s just a bad game today from him."
"Lamar is great, he just makes awful decisions. Seems that other QBs mature and don’t make these mistakes. I’m worried about him"
Why are we blaming Greg Roman for Lamar throwing a 4 yard duck asking to get picked..
Lamar is struggling. But it is one of the best defenses in the league and he isn't getting much help from his line or receivers. Everyone on offense needs to be better.
I don't understand why people are blaming Greg Roman when Lamar just lofted that pass for no reason. Unless we are just mad every time we don't call a run play
I need to stop coming into these game threads.
Everyone acts like the refs are out to get us. I mean bad calls are bad calls but come on no one is out to get us
Dobbins is a stud. Can’t believe I was nervous when we drafted him.
Yeah I’m fully on the fire Roman train now
This is a masterclass in what not to do holy shit
So hes offside?
That's offside
"Blaming Watt is stupid, that was just football. Now Mekari missed his block"
Harbaugh needs to put his ego aside and play powers. Mekuri has been as bad as hurst was. Powers has been much better in limited action. I don't care what is going on at practice. This is the shit that almost stopped bryant mckinney from playing
"Did you guys see TJ yelling at the coach on the sidelines? He said ""I tried diving at his legs again damnit"""
Y'all lose faith too fast. We are winning this game
In comes the crowd that says any criticism is being a fair weather bandwagon fan
"Regardless of the outcome, at least I won't see Trump commercials next week."
Getting close to turning this game off with all these Trump ads. Definitely no more football today for me after this game ends either way since we're apparently getting one every break.
Great game guys. See you on Thanksgiving
Hey Romo shut the fuck up about contracts when someone is injured
"Attention racists from Dundalk: 

Trace McSorely is not replacing reigning NFL MVP Lamar Jackson"
FUCK TRUMP.
This board still amazes me at how fast they flip on this team.
Karma coming for TJ watt
this is one of the worst games I've ever seen any QB have let alone   Jackson
"My contribution in preparation is in my PC today. Lights on motherboard are purple and gold, video card I have rotating between them, and CPU cooler I have logo fading in and out purple and gold and found a new circle options called wings set to our purple. 

I have done all I can. 

Fuck the Steelers."
Pittsburgh’s D is playing a bit dirty forreal
That was one of the best corner routes lamar has ever thrown
That drive was huge. Coming back from that pick 6 and putting the ball on the spot on 3rd and goal. Joe Cool status.
Peters owed us that for the penalty lol
For real fuck TJ Watt
Play calling in the red zone is ass today
Lamar just seems to be taking 1-2 seconds too long this season to make decision. Definitely the biggest thing he needs to work on.
I'm tired of Roman calling stupid bs passing plays when the Ravens have so much momentum running the football. WTF?
Lamar is trying to play hero ball because he doesn’t trust his weapons whatsoever
I am not a young man any more.  They need to give me a big lead.
Fucking TJ WATT
Bruh fuck Watt. Dude is so extra. Already had multiple questionable late hits on Lamar in this game
"If that is as bad as it looks, stanley won't be back to full health until 2022. 

He'll play in 2021 but won't be himself.

Speedy recovery, Ronnie."
I blame Roman. What a dead play from before the snap. Put your players in position to score not get injured you fuck.
Is roughing the passer still a call they make ever?
No way this team beats the Steelers x2 or the Titans playing like this with this OL.
I don’t understand how the Steelers are top of the division. They have not looked good at all today
How is that not a hit to the head???
Ingram should not be the starter anymore.
fuck this dirty ass team bro
We're better without Judon. Change my mind
"""Body built by fuckin idiot"" 



💀"
"Oh shit hope Ben is okay. If nothing else, we gotta get more sacks on him"
I wouldn’t blame Lamar for that tbh he just ran it and tried to palm the ball when it’s wet outside
Lots of trolls in the thread y’all watch out
I would like to apologize. The Ravens paid me to cut the grass but I misheard them and dropped grease all over the field. That's why everyone is slipping around.
People forget Lamar is young against a stout pass rush with no line and marquise brown is his best receiver you guys act like he has jerry rice and our 2012 offense line
"Did we learn nothing from the last drive? Keep it on the ground. 

Lamar is not himself today. Carrying the ball with one hand. C'mon dude."
Lamar fucking sucks at throwing the ball this season. Just not way around it
Lamar is literally costing us the game.
"Lamar is having a lot of mistakes today.

Remember we’re still up rn and it doesn’t mean he’s terrible or this seasons a wash. Let’s keep it within this game. We can still win today obviously"
I’m really disappointed coming out of the bye like this
We must Belee still
What’s concerning is that our #1 receiver hasn’t had a single catch. Correct me if I’m wrong.
Ref ball
"We honestly don't deserve a dub, we're gettingin our own way"
*chuckles* we're in danger
Lamar is losing us the game gave them 14 points so far gotta get his shit together
"Lamar’s performance today is even mpre concerning considering he hasn’t really played very well all year. It’s not just 1 game for him, it’s several games where he has looked bad."
Lamar is looking a lot like 2018 Lamar. Good at running but bad awareness leading to fumbles and picks. I hope he can turn it around
We got competent Greg on play one and crazy Greg play two it seems
[deleted]
Lamar is a straight killer. It should never even be a discussion whether we keep him or not.
We have triple the penalties for more than triple the yards. We are owed a nice soft defensive PI
"I swear we are hated by everyone not from Baltimore. Penalties almost always skew against us even in clean games. 

I do not believe we are doing anything different. There are so many horrible egregious penalties that happen in other games and yet we always seem to suffer from ticky tacky bullshit calls, like in the eagles game against Peters. Just seriously pisses me off."
What shit clock management
This is the game here my dudes
#FIRE GREG ROMAN
"Terrible playcalling by roman at the end.

The loss will be on lamar though if it happens."
Lamar was an absolute joke today. Point blank. Lost us this game for sure. RBs and D are the only reason it was close.
That was so close that my heart hurts.
This was a masterpiece by the refs
Seems like a penalty
PI??????
"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk)

&#x200B;

30 seconds in. Boykin was WIDE OPEN. Lamar needs to start looking outside!"
Cardinals fan here. FUCK the Steelers! Let’s go baby
"IDGAF ABOUT A PENALTY, CAN WE TAKE SOME HIT AT TJ WATT, HES BEEN TARGETING LJ8 AND NOT GETTING SOME FOULS CALLED"
Jackson what the fuck was that throw!? That is almost a guaranteed interception. Just take the sack
judon did nothing wrong
Lamar Jackson is singlehandedly keeping Pittsburgh in this game. There is no one else.
Ok lets say it now we are 7 games in and Lamar is playing like trash this season
Flacco not looking good today.
Why the f does Lamar play bad EVERY time in the really big games? Is he bad and the design works to beat lesser teams or whats up?
2nd year in a row we’ve had to play the Steelers and the Refs on the same Sunday
Stop with the fucking political comments and let's fucking talk about football god damn 😂😂😂 also who tf is jay Balvin
[removed]
"And again, Lamar can't lead us to a comeback in a game he single handedly created the defecit."
"Literally all that happened so fast... No added time and then blatant personal foul on that last play. Very confusing officiating. On a side note, Lamar needs work. He does need help yes but you could give him an all star cast and but with the way he's playing this year it wouldn't matter his accuracy is below average. He has flashes but overall has been lack luster. If he wants to get paid like Russ or Deshaun he needs to perform better IMO"
Get an absolute fucking grip if you think that's intentional. Holy shit.
I did not bet enough for Steelers win to calm myself
"For Baltimore, and Maryland! We will fight on to victory!!

FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT"
"My good friend won the lottery, got seats right behind the Ravens bench.  He has promised me a victory today.

Go Ravens!"
"For the love of god, please challenge the Steelers WRs near the LOS and limit the short passing game"
Can it please be 1 pm already?!
Listening to “go to sleep” by Eminem Ft. DMX to get pumped up
I'm nervous af
Well im gonna spend this game not sober because the stress is gonna kill me otherwise
When was the last time we got Romo? Holy shit
I love Romo
W
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
DrOP THEIR ASS
Harbaugh with the camo MD flag mask 🔥
I am usually against violence but I’d be ok with any ravens fan that sold their tickets to a steelers fan get the shit kicked out of them and have their season tickets revoked. 4K people lucky enough to get tickets and you treasonous bastards sell?
"Up at 5am in Australia like I am every week.

Normally, I need an alarm to get me up for Ravens games. Not this week - I could barely sleep.

LET'S GO."
"it's 5am here, and I am fucking ready. Let's do this."
"Let's fucking do this, Ravens."
*Ass*
Burning a wicker man to curse big ben today fuck that bitch
"Hey everyone, just started watching football, is this a big game"
Time to temporarily replace my election anxiety with Ravens/Steelers anxiety!
Bruh wtf
RUN. THE. BALL.
Run the ball down their fucking throats.
Dumb throw lmao
Jesus Christ. Lamar worse than his rookie year
he was open for like 3-4 seconds he waited way too long
Fuck.
Lamar got baited badly.
FFS Lamar
How is that not a late hit though?
That was..really bad
"We've come back from shit starts before, we can do it again. We'll get the ball back."
Can we start this game over
Worst possible start
"They get the ball in the second half, Christ"
"Roughing the passer isn’t a penalty today, I guess"
What about roughing the passer?
I miss Yanda and Hurst so much lol.
aight lets feed gus
Haha man we just saving the run for a play off run 🤣
"Had two weeks to prepare, Steelers coming off a emotional game, and that’s what our first 3 plays look like. Cool cool cool good good"
"Gus Edwards doing well so far, I'd keep running it tbh"
That boy got ice in his vein with that throw 🥶
Throw Minka out.  Shoved ref.
"I want to see Lamar run to run, he was setting up to pass there and he could have made a play for a forst down if he wasn't jogging the whole way."
Already y’all saying there’s a lot of time and we’re 5-1 so we shouldn’t complain. Eagles seriously shouldn’t have had a chance last week
Lamar really needs to learn how to throw the ball away when defenders have him beat
"Yo GREG, call some outside runs, Steelers blitz the middle every down..."
Maybe it is
So they’re just allowed to hit Lamar on every play? Didn’t know that was a rule
Wtf heyward! Minkah was fine actually but jeez
Anyone else just see the end jump early?
This offense has been mediocre all season and it’s not gonna change face the facts
so we're starting where we left off in philly?
Good to see that the Ravens are still messing up their formations.  Frustrating.
Willie really be the goat
Damn Snead slow haha
needed that
Great job by Snead on getting open after 41 tripped
Nice
Wow Snead got caught by a LB LOL
Great play but man I thought Snead was faster than that
Bench Phillips I’m tired
Hot mic lol
Why does Greg Roman still have a job
Touchdown Ravens!!!!    🏈🏈🏈
Boykin feelin that heat from Dez!
#BIG BOYKIN NO LIL BOYKIN
Lol where the Boykin haters at
Miles!
Perfect
YES!
🧊 🎯
"Dang Lamar got it out fast there, just gotta stay cool under pressure"
Boykin stepping up thank god
"Great recovery drive there, though kind of saved by the late hit. Now don't make any more mistakes for the rest of the game."
Ya’ll can say whatever you want. I think Boykin will be good for us for a long time.
What a throw babyyy
That pick 6 happened early enough we can just forget it ever happened
Great response
Time to see Yannick!!!
Couple of nice catches by Boykin this drive
"Did Dez already teach Boykin how to run routes and catch, this week.  Definitely worth the money!"
WE AINT BACKIN DOWN
Friendship ended with not liking boykin. Now liking boykin is my best friend
Yannick and Campbell combining for 5 sacks today
"Gotta love r/Steelers. The victim hood over that drive "" iTs Da ReFs"""
Dez showing up seems to have awakened Boykin!? Boys pumped!
Now time to see how the D is going be today
if we had settled for a fg there I would have been so stressed
Romo full stiffie right now
Please D knock that fat piece of shit on his ass
That roughing call was legit. Lamar was already wrapped up with his momentum clearly taking him out of bounds and heyward laid a lick on him so stfu.
That was a great drive by Lamar and the offense. Now let’s go D
r/nfl is pure yinzer tears today so fuck that noise im coming back here.
IT'S A RAVENS TRADEMARKED DROP BY EBRON!!
Man Ben threw that so hard he nearly knocked him over
Learn to catch you fucking steeler bitches.
That was uncatchable
makeup call
LET'S GOOOOOOO RAVENS!!!
Lol now they can’t stop bitching about refs
Ben hasnt seen this defense since 2018.... we winning this.
"Damn, just realized this is the first game against Ben, without Suggs, Lewis, or Reed on the team"
"Seattle bro here, wtf was that call???"
FUCKING UNCATCHABLE!!!!! Come on. Call a hold of you want but that's BS.
What was the PI LOL
Please Lord.
WHERE THE FUCK IS FOUL
Lmao fuck you Pittsburgh
Bad call for bad call love to see it
I LOVE OUR DEFENSE BRO
RAVENS BALL!!!!
What a bounce back play
LETS GOOOOOOO
BALL DOESNT FUCKING LIE
HUMPHREY'S NOT THE ONLY CORNER WHO CAN FORCE FUMBLES
FUCK YEAH!
BALL DONT LIE
MY SECONDARY IS RELENTLESS!!!!
Marcus!!!!! RAVENS STEELERS IS BACK BABY
FUCK THE STEELERS!
YàAaaaaaaaaasszs
Let these mofos play
Fuck yeah MP juiceman!!!
LFG!!!
Go Marcus!
FOOTBALL GODS WITH THE INSTANT KARMA BITCH
"MP PUNCHMAN

HUMPHREY PICK INBOUND"
Wow marlo is giving juiceman some tips and tricks
"It may have been a mental error on my part to start Claypool in fantasy... Ah well, fuck the Steelers!"
Interceptions are Overrated. Who needs them when your CBS cause Fumbles?
HAHAHAHA GET PUNCHED BITCH🥊
Let's go Petersssss
WELCOME TO BALTIMORE CLAYPOOL
MP JUICEMAN
Rollercoaster of emotions so far... another Bal Pit game. Let’s do this!!
"Steelers receivers and getting stripped by a Ravens CB, name a better duo"
Mp got revenge for that pi call
Fuck yes.
Ball don’t lie. Fuck the Refs.
Lmao Peters said fuck the refs
JUUUIIIICCCCEEEEEE
But guys I thought the game was over?
Ball don’t lie bitch
Juice man 🧃
Put a dagger in their hearts now please.
during the commercials just wanna say fuck the steelers and this is the greatest rivalry in football
This is the longest quarter ever
Fuck the steelers so much
#JK YOU FRICCIN MORON
Holy shit it’s almost like if we’re a run-centric offense we’re way more of a threat. Stonks.
Dobbins best balance in the league.
Mark Andrews with the fat ass block
Romo always sounds like he just woke up lmao
He needs more touches hes electric and the hand in the turf he looks just like Rice
"Boyle, Andrews, and Boykin with elite downfield blocking"
Wtf dude
Bad job by Lamar should have felt dupree
I FUCKING HATE THIS
Fuck we really needed points there. Lamar has to stop trying to force shit.
Killed that drive with Lamar run and then pass 🤦‍♂️
Why not keep running the ball
Lamar held it too long damn. What a crazy game already
It’s gonna be one of those games today huh
Drank some more
God damn dude
Common son
Why would you not run?
RUN RUN RUN
What a sloppy fucking game
Beyond pissed rn
"He should’ve taken off, he was already past the D linemen"
I’ve officially set fuck more times in the first quarter than I have ever before.
Goddammit
"Steelers d lineman are dirty as fuck, 96 just casually tackling lamar and falling on his legs"
You should know you xant hold the ball that long especially against that D wtf
We need a good OL to make Lamar feel comfortable. We have 0 push or pull in the Right side
"Ahh, I almost forgot what ravens steelers matchups were like. What a roller coaster"
O line is trash right now. Lamar needs to step it up and we need to just run the fucking ball when it’s 2nd and goal
Ngakue first sack as a raven and first safety incoming.
This is a classic purely better defense today wins
you gotta have better awareness Lamar
i mean he literally hit his arm before he hit the ball
Did lamar think bud dupree would just disappear after he juked him?
"I think I'm drunk already. That George Dickel... He'll getcha. 

Oh yeah, and this game is driving me to multiple refills."
They didn’t even get that off in time lol
"Our D is fired up man, I love it"
Open field tackles best tackles
"See how Steelers take shots? Even if it doesn’t work, it keeps our defence honest snd from being overly aggressive. We need to do that. There is none of that"
January football in November. Let's gooo
They can not move the ball on us
Believe in our defense
Looks like we're playing against the refs today too
Ref fucking us HARD on that spot
These refs trying to hand the squeelers everything right now
I fucking love Lamar lol
Tj fell flat on your face you bitch
NO FUCK
That play fake was shit though
Not like this
No Stanley fuck
Ah mega fuck this shit.
JFC.
PLEASE SAY SIKE
STANLEY FUCK NOO PLEASE
Fuck
FUCK NO FUCK FUCK
Well shit
Steelers killing our linemen.
Kill me
TUCKING STANLEY ARE YOU KIDDING ME
Fuck fuck fuck
Well fuck
We are fucked if we lose Stanley.
Fuck our lives right now
FUUUUUUUUUUCK that’s not good
I think thats gonna be season ending :(
That’s....extremely not good. You know he’s seriously hurt from his reaction
😭😭😭😭
Fuck that's really bad. That looks season ending.
OH FUCK
"not like this, please"
FUCK TJ WATT
"Yup, that ankle looks fucked."
Fuck this is bad
Fuck fuck fuck
This game is just so ridiculous at this point
NO
FUUUCK NO
FUCK THIS LOOKS BAD
Fuck that is bad
WTF happened with our Line? First poor play and now injury?!?! Ugh
Torn ACL. FUCKKKKK
Fuck tj watt
We shouldn’t even be surprised at this point lmao
Yup his ankle just snapped....
"Down two linemen before the half is over. I hate to be negative but damn, this isn’t looking good for us."
"Un fucking believable

Fuck TJ Watt"
Fuck fuck fuck
Fuck Fuck FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
steelers gunna feast on that side of the line now... love you ronnie get better soon
"""Ronnie Stanley is kill""

""no... """
Yikes invest in oline at the draft
This isn’t gonna be pretty
Holy fuck what a dumb decision
"He needs to be sure of himself, seems he's doubting himself alot. Throw it quick."
What’s the timeline on broken ankle if that’s what it is? Any chance at all he comes back for potential playoffs?
"Fuck my life, this is some bullshit"
"Gonna be real hard to overcome that loss. For one, LaMar is going to have to throw sooner."
O-line is about to have a very long game
"Trying to take it all in his shoulders. Truth is, with this line, he needs to get it out quick. I wanted deep shots, but that isn’t happening this game. Need to give him a chance and get creative with quick plays, he’s not going to have more then 2.5 seconds to get that ball out"
Great throw Ben!
Defense playing well at least
Big Ben out here seeing ghosts
"At the very very least, keep taking time off the clock and keep the d rested"
Watch for some sneaky stuff
THIS IS GONNA BE LIKE THE 2018 RAVENS WITH #1 DEFENSE CARRYING OFFENSE
if we win without stanley that says enough about this steelers defense
"Our defense is playing great, let's focus on that"
What's the timeline for broken ankles on linemen?
The Ravens will and should be known for defense
Man if we can get more TD before half we should win. D has their foot on their neck rn. We just need to finish drives
And if he is out for the season he will come back stronger next year. Still glad we extended him
No way is losing Stanley good but I think we will start running the ball more and more play action. Which should help Lamar. Again losing Stanley is terrible
it's still 7-7 and we have a stacked defense.  this game is not over! lamar needs to be better though. Go Ravens!
The bus is rolling
GUS BUS!!!
Gus singlehandedly gonna keep us in this game
All aboard the Gus  🚌
Our power oline is essentially in rn lmao
Can we just keep running the ball with RBs? Tired of us being cute in big games.
"Make way for the bus, motherfuckers!!"
"Gus Bus is the fucking truth, feed this man."
Best run defense in the nfl who??
🚌 🚌 🚌
GUS THE BUS
Man I'm just sad about stanley now
GUS BUS
Keep running. Play action to Hollywood. rinse repeat
Just keep pounding it. You make them slow down the pass rush and then open up throwing and some play action
#KEEP RUNNIN DA BALL!!!
Finally! RUN THE BALL
The squeelers D is too committed to stopping Lamar from running and it’s gonna cost them
Dobbins is so electric! Bozeman is having a hell of a game!
"*Ravens moving down the field super easily by running the ball*

Roman: let's throw it"
keep going roman don't fuck this drive up
Gus and JK are the future. Love it
#WE 2018 MODE TODAY. LET'S GO!! WIN FOR STANLEY
"Now that the Steelers are keying in, throw a nice PA over the LBs"
"Why doesn't Lamar just phase through the incoming pass rushers. Sure his O Line is hurt and letting in a lot of the rush in the pocket, but why does that affect him? No excuses Lamar, go invisible and they have no chance of affecting your passes"
"They say Lamar looks slow, bull shit."
Wow the run game is working....who woulda thunk it?
Our offense is playing better than their offense. Without the 2 turnovers...we’re up 3-7 and about to score again
Even hit at the line we are getting 4 yards a rush. Stick with it.
Run game opens up short passes.  Let's go
Don't get cute here.  Run.
"Lol, who's the guy that tried to tell me that the Ravens can't run the football almost every possession? Cause' that's essentially what's happening xD"
Wow! A guy is super open on pa after running it like 10 times in a row?? It’s almost like our 2019 game plan was really effective.
Respect to this O-Line two guys injured and we are running the ball well against a good defense. Let's give these guys praise for their improvement on last game.
And look how wide open he was due to the run game
Offense is coming alive!
"Looking just like 2019, run the ball to open up Lamar read options and the pass game"
I think we just turned into the 2018 Ravens
That’d be targeting in college
Damn he got rocked
Season has just been weird because we are trying to change our identity when we already have what works. Go back to what we do best and nobody can't stop us
BEEP BEEP
we're running all over this defense even without Stanley. pathetic.
this is the offense i miss
That's DIRTY AF straight to the head
We in this boys! We gonna get this for Ronnie!
Lamar got ducking popped on his chin.
THIS IS RAVENS FOOTBALL
Get bus'd
LETS GOOOOOOO FUCK YEAH
Now that's the drive we all asked. Roman must be on this thread lol
Smash mouth
I like that.  Keep running the fucking ball
"Pick 6 plz, fuck big ben"
So really we should be up at least 10 for all the doom and gloom
I cant believe I hated NE more for a couple years. Fuck this team in black and yellow. Fuck them to hell
We are DOMINATING this game
Eat shit Pittsburgh.
"LET'S FUCKING GO.

WHAT A DRIVE!

Running the ball down their fucking throats."
Edwards been balling all game
Back to our bread and butter let’s goo
GUS BUS
That vintage 2019 drive went down real smooth.
"My son, who's been involved with football most of his life, thinks the Steelers are overrated. Can't say he's wrong so far."
"Suck it long, suck it hard Trebek"
"Run the ball, win games. Ain’t that hard."
I’m just waiting to hear Ben talk shit about his receivers on Pittsburgh local radio tomorrow 😂
Fuck the steelers. #1 run defense can't handle two backup OLs. Bet they go for Browns legs next
Boys are settling in now. Beautiful drive.
Over 125 yards on the ground so far love it
Next season we gonna have a backfield of Dobbins and Edwards. Ingram is gone....this game proves it.
The score per quarter streak lives another quarter
I don't wanna hear anymore question about who the best defense is anymore
>LT Ronnie Stanley has been ruled out for the rest of the game with an ankle injury. - @Ravens
#RUN IT
Gus - Dobbins for our RB group next season!!
RUN THE DANG BALL ROMAN!
FUCK THE STEELERS
I'd take watching those running play drives ALL DAY over passing. That's so different compared to the rest of the league and fun to watch them weave through the holes
Ronnie has been ruled out w/ an ankle injury.
BEN ROETHLISBERGER IS TRASH HAHAHAHHAHAHA
This offense is best when it dictates and not when it takes what is given
Am I the only one who is loving this gritty dirty game? Feels like the old school slug fests and I’m here for it.
Ngakoue playing the run what I thought he didn’t do that per r/nfl
I fucking hate the way Connor runs. He’s so damn slow and uptight. He doesn’t bend over all all lol. It’s so dumb
oh shut he fuck up tj
Damnit.
Steelers taking notes from ravens on run game rn
"Even if you're good against the run, it doesn't mean you're good against Baltimore's runs."
First time Judon would get a flag for PF I’d support him for.
Ravens gotta be smarter than that. Can’t take dumb penalties.
fucking DAMMIT JUDON WHAT ARE YOU DOING
Prepare to get fucked by the refs
Drop Judon. Taco Bell changed him.
No way you can only call something on us there
Tj watt is not likeable whatsoever
Should be offset
Screw that Steelers player. He pushed one of our coaches trying to split it up
The only thing about this game is that Ben’s Jersey is still white. I want the Defense punish that old man
Judon again trying his best to negate a positive play by the team.
I would like to see offsetting penalties but I think it'll probably be on the Ravens
"Just offset the flags and get this game moving, Jesus Christ"
Lol peters isn’t wearing socks rn
Once again hurting ourselves
Think Hollywood will breakout in this game eventually?
The Fuck Judon?
Judon...
Trade Judon's ass
"~~Wow Judon wtf was that~~

Edit: Judon is innocent #FreeJudon"
"Goodbye Judon, wtf..."
"Fuck you refs, fuck you Judon"
Judon you dumbfuck!!
"Judon is such a fucking idiot, and I 100% blame the coaching staff for his undisciplined weekly penalties."
That wasn’t on purpose he was trying to wiggle free
Weak ass call
Lame ass call
LMAO fuck Judon
Fuck that was dumb. We’re not going to have enough guys left to finish this game...
Wowww Judon what are you doing!!
Glad the Ravens picked up 91!
"Lol Judon, what a dip shit"
"Deserved, see you next week^(but not next season)"
"Judson can fucking go. He has ZERO fucking self control. What a fucking dumbass . Act like a god damn adult, you don’t need to go wild and swing in every direction like a child throwing a temper tantrum"
Should be able to review a penalty that ejects a player
Lmao you punched an official you idiot
Ju-dumb
"Judon is a fucking idiot.

Hope he's gone next year. He's not worth it."
Dumbass.    Absolutely uncalled for
Fuck thats unlucky. That wasn't on purpose but I see why they ejected him.
Oh no.... anyway.
Judon: blame of the game
That was dumb af.
Judson needs to be cut.  Maybe Taco Bell can sign him.
Judon fucking us over with penalties? Nothing new here
Honestly fuck Judon don’t need him
[deleted]
Not a good look for Judon in a contract year
Anyone want a trade for judon?
Judon is gone after this year
Judon is fuckin gone after this year
Judon might as well not even bother trying to negotiate a new contract with us.
Yo the D NEED TO CHILL FK
Trade Judon
Campbell is his own wall lmao
Calais Campbell probs has the most pbus on the team this season
The refs are trash.
I fucking LOVE Romo as announcer
Everybody notice how far back their RT lines up off the line. We get called for that all the fucking time.
Joker
YOU FRICKIN IDIOT JUST GOT JOKERED!
Adda boy Matt earn that extension
Ravens living in their heads rent free
LETS PUT A SMILE ON THAT FACE
Lets run this bitch 😎
"Sack lunch, num num num num num"
BOONK GANG!!
I want another TD before the half since they get the ball to start the 2nd.
WHAT'S UP DESHON!!
Is the defense that good or is the Steelers offense this shit?
Still not as bad as when the guy was showing the ref he got speared in the chest and got ejected. Refs need to be held accountable for the bullshit they get away with
"Big ben is straight white trash lmao, pretty sure I saw him buying cigs and a PBR tall boy in a sheetz last week"
"Ben is done, he should just retire"
Hahaha ben has his poor wittle elbow hurt. Serves them right after taking out 3 of our starters
"I can’t wait until next week when I can watch a football game without campaign ads, if you’re still undecided you probably aren’t voting anyway lol"
"can you lot stop acting like judon was swinging at the ref? he was trying to get out of being held, yes he's dumb for trying to keep going. leave it at that"
If it's in pain he rehurt it
Ah yes Ben’s scheduled injury scare
What in the fuck lol
Lamar has to run forward to avoid TJ every play
"If Gus keeps getting 5 yards on 1st down keep doing it, don't get away from it please."
"Holy shit, Lamar! This game is killing my anxiety"
[deleted]
Wet ass ball
Lamar going to give me a heart attack this week.
Seriously just dropped it... what?
Athletic fumble recovery
Lamar gotta tuck it
Geez this has been a long half
RUN IT DOWN THEIR THROATS. THIS IS A PHYSICAL GAME.
He’s holdin that ball like a loaf of bread!
Lamar out here playing Basketball
Ah Lamar just trying to tease Watt all is good
Lamar about to give me a heart attack over here
I'm happy to see us running the ball down people's throats again
"The one thing Steelers fans were sure wasn't going to happen was that we would run all over their defense, and we have like 150 in the first half. That alone is making me chuckle"
Lamar is allergic to the football
JFC. Two picks and two fumbles for Lamar.
No catch
Lamar got lucky again
Any update on Stanley?
Not pick.  Horrible play by lamar but not a pick
Lamar doing his best Famous Jamais impression today
yeah lets not do that lamar pls
"Dude didn’t even have 2 hands on it, no way thats a catch"
Horrible throw and decision. Lucky it hit the ground. Should be overturned.
Nah not a catch. Lucky for Lamar.
He dropped that shit.
Not an INT
IncompleteIncompleteIncompleteIncompleteIncomplete
"What are these camera angles? Show the damn play, I don't want to look at a player's face"
"Not a pick, but holy shit Lamar. What is happening."
I think Llama is in his own head this year
That's getting called back
This is the most insane game I've ever seen already.
"Surely not a pick, right? He used the ground to control it"
Andrews was wide open...
"It’s incomplete, chill"
"bailed out, lamar can't make those mistakes"
That’s incomplete but the decision making is horrific
They better overturn that.
I can’t even blame Boykin for that one :(
I’m sweating bullets
Lamar run this shit
No fucking way that’s an int
" No way that's a pick, but FFS lamar."
I smell a blitz...
There offense hasn’t done shit. Keep running it down their throat.
"Lol, I was right about them blitzing, but I didn't think it'd be an outside blitz :O"
Protect OBJs legs at all costs
"If Tony Romo was my teacher in high school, all of my B’s would have been A-"
At least we aren't the rams 😂
Nice fucking run JK
What the fuck is that? I thought you just couldn't have 2 people moving at the snap.
That was a nice throw
Interested in how Ben is going to look after working his arm like that.
Willie eating today
Snead has been great in his limited opportunities so far this year.
Well done there Lamar. Let’s give him props when he makes a good throw
"I remember this steelers fan said we wouldnt be able to run because they stopped chubb and henry, oh boy"
Letting watt run free at Lamar is not smart
"We really play so well when we commit to run, our Passing downs become soooo effective.

But run 3 consecutive pass plays Greg loln"
Gotta check that down...
That’s a first
Agree with Romo there-we save that timeout and we can challenge the middle of the field
"I dont like this lamar down the middle stuff, its efficient and gets yards, but hes so open to being hit"
Please tucker. You’re the goat for a reason
MONEY
"We know he’s good, Jim!"
He was good from the 50 yard line!!!!
I think our offense is playing very well
Tucklove
Jesus fucking Christ Dobbins what an effort
Wtf he was out
Best kicker in the league eh Romo?????
GOAT
I love my kicker
"Hey Tony,  give Tucker some **respect**"
Meanwhile CIN is up on TEN 👀
51 yards has never looked so fucking easy.
I love Tucker
LETS GOOO
Miami is up 28 to 7
AUTOMATUCK
I fucking love tucker man
"Showed some major heart there man

really proud of this team

what a roller coaster"
2 scores up on one of our toughest opponents this season. I’m happy.
Best kicker in the league
Boswell could never
Good from 65+
AutomaTUCK
Lol where's the guy from 2 weeks ago saying Tucker was no longer in his prime?
This is a tough ass game. I don't like it but that team is good. Good half boys
I still don't care how crappy of a win a win is. It's still a win. And if it's a crappy win that next team's not going to look for you to be this amazingly explosive team. And they're going to let you go and then you're going to whip them and show who you are.
"Cowher, can ben open it up with a crabmeat elbow?"
Looks like a lot of good adjustments were made in the bye week
My stream is out of Pittsburgh and all these commercials are making me sick
Too much time
Um coverage?
2nd most rush yards allowed by the steelers in the first half in 25 years!
Cant let juju catch it if Marlon isn't there to punch it out
King koopa
these Steelers receivers are a lot softer than they used to be
"With Judon out, cut Yannick loose."
No flag.
I’d be fine with resigning bowser
"welp we got away with some DPI there. Lucky, glad to see a punt"
PI? If Johnson made an effort instead of giving up I can see a flag thrown.
Shut up Tony his palm was open on both.
Jimmy still got it 😝😝
Gimme another one of those long drives ending in a TD
The Ravens D played that possession great coming out of the half.
Let's burn some clock. If the Steelers keep taking shots they're going to get one eventually. Gotta deny opportunities and keep a margin
Why!!!!! Just why!!!
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
WHY ARE WE NOT RUNNING
And if you don’t like that you don’t like Greg Roman
"Are you fucking shitting me? 

WTF!!??"
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
LAMAR STOP THROWING PICKS FUCK
Madden Curse
"Wtf was that shit Lamar and greg why tf are you throwing it

Jesus that was awful"
Why the fuck aren’t you running
Triple option offense. Never pass the ball again
"who is it, who is calling these dogshit play"
Ahhhhhhhh I can't drink this much guys. What the fu k
Hell of a play though. Just not worth the risk.
Heart Attack Jackson: Are you not entertained?
Thanks lamar
Fuck Greg roman and wtf Lamar
GREG ROMAN. RUN. THE. FUCKING. BALL.
D must be tired. /s
Why don’t we run it lol
\-\_-
"Man this has been a long ass game and it's just getting longer and more difficult to watch haha, makes me almost want to laugh at this point that we just can't keep this team in check, keep on letting them into the game.  Gotta tighten up."
Just run the ball take it out of Lamar’s hands.
Do they know the half started yet?
"Why doesn’t Harbaugh go over and tell Lamar to calm tf down? I don’t get it, starter or not light a fire under his ass"
"Well that’s all on you lamer. Stop fading away, get back to the fundamentals"
man this is embarrassing we had a nice lead and momentum going into this half and its all gone
"That’s all on Lamar, cmon kid lead us and get us up!!"
Lol Lamar.
where's all the people defending lamar/OC now? Playing like shit and has the nerve to dial up a throw and terrible execution.
Now they right back in it. Fuck
We haven’t seen the fruit punch yet... It’s coming
I'm about to drive to the Bank myself and scream some better playmaking into these boys
why are we doing this shit over an extra point
Is Lamar throwing this game ?
I'm legit pissed off
Somebody tell Heart Attack this isn’t a playoff game.
Lamar's just playing 4-D chess and making questionable mistakes so us fans can watch a more competitive Ravens win 🧠
"All game Gus has been steadily gaining 4-5 yards on first downs, why stop."
"Feel like this is going to be another defensive win and Lamar gets bailed out again, or it’s all put on the D in some 4th Q play and they don’t make it happen, because no matter how good they are, it’s likely they’ll make one mistake if they’re out there for ages. 

Lamar needs to get his act together"
Here we go. Playing fucking like trash now. Ughhhhhh
I forgot hollywood and Andrews suited up today. boys have been non-existent.
WHO? lol
Of fucking course
Now the defense is losing some steam. 😡
What a fucking joke
BS penalty. Refs have been shit today both ways
Thats some serious bullshit
Steelers are cancer and we’re smoking and wading into toxic bogs and shit.
Haven’t seen a pass deeper than 15 yards thrown by us today
THE WR PUT HIS OWN ARM BACK
Who is this guy??
Has there been a single long pass attempt from Pittsburgh that we didn’t commit pass interference (or should have been called)?
And here comes the meltdown.
Defense starting to loosen up
Sack DADDY
And here comes the touchdown
yeah this is looking bad
"Ok this is not funny anymore, it's not halloween anymore ravens you don't have to scare me!"
The return of the Swiss Peas defense lol
"Absolutely blowing it out there.  Granted that was a really shitty PI call but still, this is going sideways fast."
I cant believe they are gonna have the lead
FUCKING TACKLE. Lamar's bad pass aside the defense has not looked focused out of the locker room.
Judon doesnt make that tackle.
...and that is the killer unless Lamar gets his shit together
"Fuck the Steelers


Fuck Conner


Fuck my fantasy team"
These division games just never come easy!
Can't wait for the o line injuries to be used as a crutch by everyone in the Ravens organization.
"We’ve got this, that was their first score off of a drive."
This is all on you Lamar
"Soooo... Kickoff return TD, anyone?"
We couldn't expect the defense to hold up this entire game. The amount of missed opportunities on offense is going to be the reason we end up losing. The only way we win is if our offense makes some kind of adjustment offensively. Like c'mon Roman. C'mon Lamar.
Steelers eat all the meat you toss into their mouths.
Okay time for a massive dab to deal with this bullshit
Let Dobbins cook
"This is a season defining game, just like last time last year in the first game vs PITs. Gutted that one out, need this or bye is gone and looking up to PIT/KC among others in the AFC. Do i have faith in Roman to adjust? lol no. Was holding out that Roman/Lamar to get cooking w/ the bye and it's just not there. This game was fucking free."
Sooo can we throw the ball deep?
The ravens always fighting against themselves.  Do what works.
We can’t keep laying offense eggs in big games.
 I’m scared every time he drops back to pass
Lamar looks lost
Here we go....freak out and throw it
What the fuck was that goofy ass run Lamar?
"Honestly, I hope someone fucking lights into Lamar. Yes, he's the face of the franchise now and he's a good guy, but he can't play like this and expect to win a playoff game, let alone a Super Bowl.

Fundamentals, decisions and throws today are all horseshit from him today. Truly. He is playing scared and careless at the same time. I get it's raining and Roman sucks but he is also at home and is in his 3rd year after a supposed offseason of work put in."
I mean we absolutely cant have another three and out.
They added diving head first to giving yourself up for running qbs... why are they allowed to dive onto him after on the ground
I hate Greg Roman. I seriously fucking hate him
How fucking lucky.
Can we not fucking fumble anymore
Every good play something bad happens lol.
Andrews has been open a lot today
Man the ball is slick today
Another fucking fumble
I knew that was gonna be fumbled. You could see it coming a mile away.
I fucking can't. I really can't do this to myself
"Another heart attack, this game is going to kill me"
Andrews wtf
Be secure with the fucking ball PLEASE
Now the OL sucks
Brilliant play call
3rd and 8 zone read love it
I'm so sick of Roman. So sick.
That play call was absolute shit
What the fuck are these idiots doing. Christ.
Why the fuck is justice hill on the field....
WTF was that play call
"Y’know, I’d hoped that after last year I wouldn’t have to worry so much about games getting so out of hand in the second half. It appears to be happening a fair amount again. Fuck."
Roman doesnt trust lamars arm on 3r and 8?
Wtf are we doing man
Welp
We went big and expensive on defence but we really need to work on our offence now
"a picture of swiss cheese and a picture of the ravens offensive line

*they're the same thing*"
Wide receivers have played like trash
Need a pick or punch out soon.
"We r so lucky he fell, there was a ton of room"
First time all season we're going a quarter without points
Our d has been so good. Need to hold this 3rd right here let's go baby
Jesus. That could've been like a 50 yard run if he didn't trip
Everyone ignoring that the run game is going to stop working once the Steelers just sell out for the run since the pass game isn't even remotely scaring anyone right now
The passing offense looks like they’re running plays from the yard on madden no joke
Thank you Defense.
Passing plays this season:  First option isn't there.  O-line is like a sieve.  Scramble to the Outside.  Throw it to an unexpected TE or RB.  Every damn time.
Our offense has to score. No 3 points this is 4 down territory the whole way
Has Lamar thrown a deep pass all season?
All my homies love the Ravens defense.
Orlando has a choice of 2 dudes to block and picks neither
"Excellent field position now, can't ask for anything more than that from your D and ST"
OFFENSE STEP UP DAMMIT
"Alejandro Villanueva is huge, he is actually 1 inch taller than Calais Campbell. I just noticed it from the camera angle behind his back"
Heart Attack likes going downhill. Let’s go.
do we have an o line
i try to stay off of the whole greg roman thing.. but he is absolutely terrible
"Great sacks to take. Sees pressure, steps up into a collapsing line again."
"this Oline is gonna kill us, not a shock without Stanley"
Fuck everything about being alive right now
I don’t even know what our game plan should be at this point. We gave up running the ball on more than one play per drive and the pass protection and general passing game is abysmal.
I hate it I hate it I hate it
"Jesus christ. 

Has Hollywood even had the ball thrown to him?"
How do they draft all these fast wide receivers that some how can’t get open?
Fucking pathetic
Even our completed passes were risky completions we need better wrs or better scheme
We get to the fifty and Greg Roman decides we’re a spread team anybody else notice that
"You can get away with no o-line or no wide receivers, but not both."
"Look at those Ravens receivers getting open! 

Said nobody, ever."
"Willie Snead, Mark Andrews, Miles Boykins

Only those 3 have caught something"
Can’t believe Willie Snead is the 2nd best WR on our team who thought that would be okay? Outside of Andrews everybody else is a number 2 or 4 at best
LAMAR HIT A DEEP THROW!?!?!?
finally lamar hits a deep ball
I’m on a stream.  I think I’m behind....
omg
Did that really happen
Holy fuck what a catch
What a throw
Where’s the Lamar can’t throw haters now
#ALL MY HOMIES LOVE DEVIN DUVERNAY
MOTHER
fuck the refs
Skura is absolutely getting ass fucked
Fuck off refs.  That isn't a hold.
THAT'S a hold?!?!
That's fucking bull shit
Holding?????
"Given how they don't call holding much, I kind of hate that call."
Don’t you just love getting fucked over by the refs
Wtf that was the shittiest hold call EVER
Of course it was a penalty
FUCKING REFS FORFEIT THE GAME FUCK THIS SHIT
Lamar you make me hate and love you all at once wtf.
Wow.. fucking bullshit
Fuck the refs
"Yikes, that's not holding"
THIS IS A FUCKING JOKE FUCK THIS
Yeah that's the one fucking hold all game.  Ok.
"A     Jackson touchdown is called back because of a holding penalty on  Skura.

&#x200B;

What is this even?"
I’ve seen so many O-line man get away with that.
FUCK THESE REFS
BULLSHIT PENALTY
Fuck you refs you don’t own us
"if youre a ref in this game, go fuck yourself"
Hard to beat the damn refs
# NEED IV SNEAD
That's not a hold wtf
These refs are heavily favoring the steelers. Fuck this
Another bullshit call.
Where was the hold? They didn't even mention how that was a bs call. Whatever.
refs dont wnat to fuck us over again here? fuck them
What a shit call
Steeler refs
I wish Jackson wouldn’t be friendly to Pitt players. He’s too damn nice lol
LOVE Snead this year!
Hey ref hold these
Snead pro bowl omfg.
That wasn’t holding. These refs need to be checked
That looked in
Now run it down the middle omg
"I've said it before, snead gets some flak but he always has our ass"
I swear NFL refs and calling holding makes no sense. They call the smallest stuff but guys get away with obvious holds.
Hollywood is just out there running around
He’s in.
Bad throw
His right knee is down
"damn that's close, idk if it's enough to overturn tho"
That’s a catch in real time and in slow come on now
Are they actually going to ignore that laughable ghost hold?
of course biased refs call it incomplete first and now there wont be enough evidence to overturn
Don't think they would overturn either way with this one.
I have no clue what to think here
Offense showed up
"I think knee was just on the line... 

Edit: If it were called a TD, they wouldn't overturn it, but since it was called incomplete, I think they might not overturn that either."
"You only need the shin, the shin touched first. This just happened to the rams earlier today."
Whatever happens after this game something needs to happen with our receiving core! Jesus man.
The knee isnt obvious....we arent gonna get that
"Yeah, we're not winning this. Harbs challenged because he/the team had already used so much time thinking about it and looking at the Jumbotron that they would've had to use a timeout anyway."
Its already been confirmed as not a TD.
I hate NFL refereeing. That holding call against the Ravens happens EVERY FUCKING PLAY in the NFL.
Doesn’t matter we still got it lets go
BROWN TOWN POPULATION 6
"&#x200B;

*Touchdown Ravens!!!!*"
THAT ONE is good!
Took a little longer than we hoped but we got it anyway
Review that!
TOUCHDOWN
Yessssss
"They took away a beautiful run by Lamar 

Pain"
should've had the td on the run but I'll take it
Can't take that one off the board ya cunts
I'm surprised ref did not try to break that pass
Don’t matter you whiney bitches
At least we ran some time off the clock. Silver lining I guess.
That one's in bounds
"That was fearless.

What a route and what a throw!"
Touchdown!
CALL INCOMPLETE NOW MOTHERFUCKERS
Still got it lol
Where all those dinguses at that said Hollywood is too small?
Hollywood is a beast
BACK TO HIM. NO FOUL REFS? NO PENALTY?
Lets go DEFENSE
I’ll be damned. I wasn’t expecting this. I’m pleasantly surprised.
FUCK YEAHHH THE OFFENSE STEPPED UP LETS GOOOOOO BOYSSSSSSSSS
Lamar is turning it up in the fourth stunt on them last 3 quarters😭
great drive. prob gonna come down to the last one anyways
Lamar making up for at least one of the Ints with that drive. Some good plays to get that TD.
Omg man
"Heart Attack Jackson, I praise you and doubt you, sometimes on the same play. You have no dramatic equal, ever."
"That's a horrible call

Edit. Thank you they came to their senses."
I fucking hate NFL referees
Refs didn’t fuck us celebrate!!
Why did Bonds give up on that?
What the fuck was 38 doing
#38 can't just stop
38 gonna get shit for that film. Walked away like it wasn’t a catch.
Take that UDFA outa there
WHO THE FUCK IS BONDS?
These penalties are killing us man
Undisciplined ass defence.....
Get bonds tf outta here
WHO THE FUCK IS BONDS
Is this the most undisciplined Ravens squad of all time? Holy fucking shit
Uh 38???
Get this fucking Bonds bloke off the team.
It wasn’t bonds
"Just walk away, wtf"
"Lol, Bonds"
Get that fuckin random off the field
"Bonds, what’s the first thing they teach you in any sport"
Get this nigga bonds outta the fuckin game
Who is this bonds guy get him out of here
GET BONDS OFF THE FIELD
Oh clark yeah he face masked
Damn I miss averett
Where tf did Bonds come from and why is he still on the field?
"Bonds has played fine for a UDFA, cut him some slack"
Some generous spots...
Averett got injured as soon as he started playing good smh
Man oh man we're giving it away
How have we not picked off captain fat fuck yet
And another Dpi. Fml.
Steelers shouldn't even be in this one with how bad they looked in the first half.
Throw it to ref at this point
STOP WITH THE FUCKING PENALTIES JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
Come the absolute fuck on with these P.I. penalties. We deserve to lose this shit if they can't cut it out.
Omg the penalties
What the fuck is with these penalties
I'm about to get the D-cell batteries out for these fucking refs
Refs calling everything
Refs on Steelers payroll.
We’re getting fucked by penalties
Jesus
"I didn't quite catch that last DPI penalty, was it at all legit or what?"
Someone cover the ref he about to run a route
Hate refs.
Our 9 penalties to their 3
Haha 85 penalties yards
Are these pick plays legal?
How they gonna put the softest refs on the Ravens/Steelers game?
Mother of all things holy what the fuck is this shit?
Unbelievable.....
can the offense learn some things from these screens and pick plays
Fuck the refs man.
Just do not fucking go 3 and out here.
Alright let's do it again
This is the worst officiating I've seen in my life I think. What an absolute joke holy shit!
Clutch moment
"On their 3rd down screen conversion, the steelers committed blatant OPI right in front of the refs.

No call."
"This has been a physical ass game. I love it. Not a fan of losing but this has been a great game, per usual when we play the Steelers. We gonna be alright guys"
Fuck the refs man.
We need a long drive to give the d a rest.
you can’t take that many penalties and expect to get stops come on lamar mvp for a reason
These refs better have 5 or 6 calls lined up for us
We just need a clock eating drive capped off with a TD. Pound the fucking rock.
Refs handing them the game so fucking stupid
They can't stop the run. Keep running please
Brownies lost
"Last year I'd be excited to see this team run down the field, but this year I feel like I'm having Flacco ptsd, my heart can't take these games."
Shit like this makes me not even want to watch the NFL when the refs just give them the game
It's clear Dobbins and Gus are our best offensive players and we still try to force to Andrews and Hollywood
Keep pounding the rock!!
GUS BUS!!!!!!!!! LETS FUCKING GO BOYS!!!!!!!!
I am fucking in love with Gus
LETS GOOO RUN IT
Truly amazing that running works. Who would have thought.
Just. Keep. Running. The. Ball.
KEEP. RUNNING. THE BALL!
Can this game PLEASE be the nail in the coffin for Roman stubbornly keeping Ingram as the #1 back
Roman will pass now
Yes keep running!
LOOK WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE FUCKING RUN I NEVER WOULD HAVE GUESSED
Ricard blocking his ass off
We going 2018 on these bastards
This guy is awesome. I hope dobbins sticks around for awhile.
Well that was a missed facemask
We are so gonna win the big12 this year!
keep running please
I will shit myself jk or Gus scores they deserve it
Fuck man Dobbins here’s my credit card not like you’ll need it
"JK is Ray Rice 2.0, now without poor decision making ability when off of the field"
"Who gives a fuck, run run run."
Dont leave them any clock.
This 3rd down makes me nervous
My heart can’t handle this 3rd down
Lamar to Andrews for a TD let's go.
Man the outside was there I think
So annoying
Don't get it and the games over
Go for it
My heart can’t take this anymore LOL.
Somebody hold me
The good thing is it’s only week 8...but fuck this is nerve racking
Jesus I swear we just don’t want to win this game.
#LET'S FUCKING GO MY BODY IS READY
**BELEE**
"Shouldn't have ran at 2nd down and 7. Should've thrown the ball there.

Now we are backed into a tough spot on 4th and 3."
This place is going to explode when we score this TD!!!!
Give it to Dobbins.
We need 3 yards and have run on them all game. Time to call an Option Run
time to pray for something big
Let Dobbins eat
I'm hoping for a Steelers penalty somehow
That was the play they chose.....
They knew that was coming
What the fuck is our coaching staff doing
Fire Roman yo I’m done with this offense.
Fuck Skura
And he fumbles it. Idiot.
Fire greg roman
What. The fuck.
another horrible playcall yikes
Bruh
Greg Roman defenders in shambles.
I FUCKING CALLED IT. THEY RAN IT UP THE FUCKING GUT
Why would we run the most obvious fucking play??? That’s gonna be a QB draw EVERY time in this situation from 5 wide and they knew it
Empty backfield????? Really??????
smh lamar...tf u doing today?
"2 interceptions, 3 fumbles, 2 lost fumbles for lamar."
5 wide draw? go fuck yourself whoever is making that call
That was fucking dreadful
These runs up the middle are not fooling anybody
"the whole stadium knew that was coming

huuuge call there, bud."
Maybe defense can win this one...
fuck... that is all
That was so a desperate play.. gg
He win us some and lost us some too
I need Humphrey doing Humphrey things right now
Need a miracle here
pathetic
Shitty ass play call
Well at least we didn't lose to Cinci.....
Steelers-Ravens  on Thanksgiving night is going to be so much fun.
I’m really curious about our success with 5 wide. I don’t think we ever have anything good come out of it
Is cam heyward hurt? Or did he fake that bs to stop our momentum
Can't blame the refs when your turning the fucking ball over.
"5 out on the 8 yard line. You mean to tell me you would rather have our back up wideout on the field and not JK or Gus. Enjoy your next team Roman, you’re a fucking clown"
DEFENSE
It aint over yet folks
ESHHHHHKEEET
Holy shit good stop
Penalties and turnovers fucked us.
"Queen, I love you."
Wish we had timeouts
Defense was great this is on Lamar Roman and the still sputtering offense
Come on lamar
Lamar I love for ever if we get this TD
Ron Stanley died for this.
BLOCK. THAT. KICK.
Still don’t trust Roman
If we win here would this be Lamar’s first game-winning drive?
Lamar has only gone downfield once. I say call a go for Hollywood and take a chance.
STAY ONSIDES!!
MVP time...
I believe come on boys
So this is whats going to happen... Pitts brings the blitz and shreds our line! Game over
Ravens D. Gotta love it. Ray and Quick should be proud.
"Greg Roman: ""Down by 4? Need a TD? No timeouts? LET'S RUN IT!!! They will never expect it!!!"""
Chuck it to Andrews or Hollywood outside
My heart is going to fail
Fuck Ben’s smug fucking face
Flacco check down
Really dumb
Andrews you’re killing me
"That was a bad throw by Lamar, Andrews was wide open"
CLOCK IT
Time back on the clock!
10k comments JFC
Fucking bullshit by Hayward
That helps us a lot here. It's a Pitt TO and could add time to the clock
Injured defender is a Timeout
Either more time on the clock or penalty
This game has been brutal either way
Time for some crazy Lamar shit.  We need it now.
Im rooting for you guys! From a bills fan.
Fucking classic ravens steelers match up. I've missed these
No PI?
That’s a flag on 31
Damn...
Our play calling from beginning to end... Just horrible. We are constantly bailed out by the talent we have. And that’s been for multiple weeks not just today. Defense is a top 5 yet again. I think our oline depth isn’t as a glaring need than a true No 1 WR
Fuck these fucking Trump ads. There are 4000 fans sitting in the Bank but we took on this virus and beat it? Fuck off.
"Not gonna lie, TJ Watt is getting a lot of hits in on Lamar and they're not even warning him. The refs are going to get our boy killed if they don't start calling shit fairly"
And THIS is why that challenge was stupid. Should have conserved the timeouts
"Guys, Watt missed the tackle and his momentum took him into Stanley - chill"
"""Their plan will kill jobs""


Trump's COVID failure has killed over 300,000 people and we have record high unemployment..."
"Well, I know game threads are known for exaggeration but if Stanley is out for the season, that's our season done."
Jackson ain’t going to survive this game.
Helmet to helmet. Call that shit
"I'm pretty sure ""eject every player who touches a ref"" isn't in the rules, but ""the officials can override the rulebook whenever they want with no consequences"" certainly is"
Fuck the ref pull your mask up dumbshit
Funny how every team we play every week turns into perfect little angles who don't commit any fouls...
[removed]
Booing an injured player is a bad look
"Clearly should have put more time on the clock, clearly should have given us a DPI call on the final play.  The refs were pretty unfair to us in this game."
[deleted]
what up my dudes. fuck the steelers.
"Just pointing out the bias and hive mind bs, but if that was Boykin dropping that screen this sub would be losing its shit. Y'all wanted Duvernay after blaming Boykin for bad throws week in and week out.

But hey, we can't say anything bad about Lamar... As he throws the easiest pick 6 some no name scrub has had in his entire career."
Ok tequila is out
Fire Roman. He has taken a system that works well and created success and has butchered it for no reason. It's obvious that improvement is not coming.
That was ALL on Lamar
"Sidearm throw with no pressure, no velocity. Clean pocket, didnt step into the throw. He's getting lazy with his fundamentals"
This beer is 14% abv. Wowzers.
Yo some of y’all are so delayed lmao
GET RID OF THE BALL
Lamar gotta be aware of your surroundings man
Watt is a dirty fucking player
"I’m pissed that Stanley is hurt, but how can y’all actually believe Watt did that intentionally? Are you watching the same game as me?"
My dad just said that TJ Watt has little brother syndrome. So fucking true
"Lamar is out there playing like a rookie and THEN we lose 2 OL players?

If he doesn't learn how to throw NOW, we're not going to the playoffs."
Can’t wait to see judon in another teams jersey
That was a bad call against Judon though
That was unintentional he shouldn't be disqualified
Judon has made a lot of dumb plays in the past but that wasn't one of them. Totally accidental.
"For the love of all that is holy, please stop trying to turn the ball over, Lamar lol."
Pit has hurt 3 players in one half
Refs trying to fuck is again
Ravens are dominating. The only ones keeping Pittsburgh in this game so far is Baltimore themselves.
Pittsburgh lucky as hell they’re not down 24-0
"Couple things:

How this season is going, I'm legitimately surprised any time we complete a pass at this point. I had more confidence in that 51 fg just now than I've had on any of our pass attempts today



It's all good though because the D is suffocating and the run is punishing"
Shit wasn’t even catchable
Jimmy got away with a lil hold ngl
"Idk why, but always seeing Lamar laugh it off whenever he fucks up makes me more upset than the mistake itself"
"This is all on Roman. Why. Why throw. Why?????

I’m not defending the pass. It was awful. But that call should never have been made. Never."
This is the worst game I've seen Lamar play. He's not even getting pressured on his INTs. This is embarrassing.
This team really needs 1 ring before Lamar's rookie deal ends. I am legit worried about his lack of growth as a passer. Reminds me of 2013 RG3.
Disgraceful referees fuck the NFL
"The receiver ran off the field in disappointment thats how you know it wasn't PI at all, fucking disgrace"
">	Jim, look at Mahomes make it look so easy"
Lamar is two more INTs away from getting benched.
Can't wait for all the hot takes about how Lamar
Sure let's run a fucking option on 3 and long
"I’m sorry Ngakoue, you haven’t come to the contenders that you had originally thought"
The whole offense is to blame. Can't pin it on just one person. Literally everyone has fucked up.
"In all honestly though, this is a damn good defense we’re playing"
"These cuck refs are doing everything they can can, typical"
It's a TD but refs won't give it to us. Kinda like how the hallucinated Skuras hold
That’s not a TD guys. His knee is clearly out of bounds
Claypool fake AF with that PI on humphrey. Next time earn a TD
"Elite QBs go take the lead right here

And then have the defense give up a game winning drive culminating in an Antonio Brown TD on Christmas."
"WHERE THE FUCK HAS THIS GAMEPLAN BEEN?

We are adjusting on the fly and attacking, sticking to what we do best. Where was this against LAC, TEN, and KC? Why don't or can't we do this every game."
"Two wide open targets across the middle and Lamar gets happy feet for 2 yards...

Just not very good today."
Fire Greg Roman. Who goes empty on 4th down with Gus and jk lmao I fucking hate this teams coaching staff
play calling ruined the game
damn so many bandwagon fans in this thread w/o lamar this team wouldn’t be shit
SNEAD I LOVE YOU!!!!
Andrews was fucking walking there. Run your fucking route
LOL no sympathy for him after pulling that fake injury earlier to buy the Steelers time.
Fucking gifted a win
HOW do you not add time.  BULL. Shit.
Fuck these refs and these cheating steeler bastards
Hit to the head shouldn't have been called but absolutely would have been against us
Can the player of the Blame be this crappy refereeing?
We can’t expect too much with turnovers and penalties.
Let's be honest...their play calling seems almost WWE .
Stanley's out for the year :((((((
"we beat ourselves today. shot our own foot but the bright side is that we know what we gotta do to keep winning. I ain't worried, just keep running the ball, minimize mistakes and get revenge on Thanksgiving 😈"
Can y’all stfu now? I don’t like watt but he didn’t do it on purpose.
Lamar was robbed that rushing td
[removed]
but we're still 5-1 right guys? we shouldn't complain right guys? it'll all come together right guys?
"Ah ew fuck it's another Trump ad. Fuck off, Trump, I don't give a shit about this or you."
"Can you guys stfu about Roman? He got a single pass and people are calling for his head acting like he called a ridiculous double end around flea flicker to Nick Boyle deep. 

If you can't trust your qb to not make these mistakes idk what you want him to do."
"""we'll rebuild this nation with strength""


Bruh trump needs 2 hands to drink a glass of water and can barely walk down the stairs without tripping..."
"Fuck TJ dude, late hits all day, ""accidentally"" falls into the back of the knees of one of the best tackles. Dirty fucker"
"Ravens - 24

Refs/Lamar - 28"
I fucking hate Watt....feels like he plays to hurt people
People are fucking dumbasses for thinking that was a dirty play by watt
our line needs to kill TJ Watt
...And not a word about Tucker being the GOAT from Romo. That guy is such a douche.
I'm throwing my TV out the window if i see another Trump ad.  Why is he wasting money in MD.  He has no shot of winning here.
I think fans have forgotten that Roman is only good for about 2 seasons before he becomes stagnant look at the Kapernick 49ers they had a hot run then fell off. Lamar is a talent among talents and we're probably gonna be 6-1 after this game but the fact remains that we should've signed AB to give Lamar an actual WR1 instead of trying to turn a slot like a Hollywood into a #1 because he isn't one.
We haVe tO rUn tHe BaLl!!!!!!
Our pass offense is non existent. I hope you idiots that thought we were actually WOrkInG On THe pASe GAme shut up from here on out. We don’t have a pass game period.
Was that a good enough pass for you fairweathers?
"Booing an injured player, not classy."
The refs are slowly killing the game. They don't even know their own effing rules.
"We gotta remember we actually looked really good for most of that game. Take away one of those picks (mistakes happen, but can’t let them keep happening) and some terrible calls by the refs and that’s a game we dominate. You can’t say the season is over after watching that."
Fuck TJ watt all my homies hate TJ Watt
That roll up by Watt wasn’t purposeful. Stop wishing for his injury
Man all y’all are acting like this isn’t THE rivalry game of the NFL. Even when the Steelers are bad this game is a dog fight man! Quit whining and have faith in the kings of the north. (Stanley injury is a good reason to be upset but we have a full game here)
Go go go go go no you moron good job.
Tj watt is a dirty piece of shit
"Fuck the Steelers.

All my homies hate the Steelers."
Get TJ Watt off my damn screen. They should show the highlight of Lamar stiff arming him into the ground ..
Wide open down the sideline and he wants to throw the spot when there’s 2 defenders around nice
"That 2nd down play call was beyond fucking moronic, 

RUN the goddamn ball Greg you twat"
"Lamar just won't take safe passes. He forces the first option. He needs to be coached into working a passing game properly, it doesn't seem like the offensive staff is willing to develop him."
Good job on giving us the 1st. Maybe they stop hitting as late after that
THIS IS GUNNA BE DEZ IN A FEW WEEKS BOIS TOSS IT UP TO DEZ
"It's not the fact he's turning the ball over. That happens.

It's the fact it's happening on avoidable shit like a late throw when someone else is open, or triple-clutching. Come on, man."
Stop throwing the damn ball. Rushing outside works on them
Delay of game.
We can move the ball good it looks like we just HAVE TO HOLD ONTO IT!!!
Done. This o line is swiss cheese now.
Was that a dirty hit to look like an accident?
That's more than likely the season for him. Definitely wasn't intentional on Watt
"Lamar making terrible decisions out there. I think he’s just trying to make too much happen by himself, but damn what a reckless throw."
"Watt has always been a dirty player. Watch his college highlights, always went low for the knees and ankles."
"This game has been super lopsided so far, but the scoreline doesn't show it because of that pick 6"
"Not asking for a flag, but that's head to head contact"
What dirty pieces of shit that team is. Actively encouraging injuries
"How was that hit from Fitzpatrick not a penalty, he led with his helmet and hit Lamar in the helmet?

Edit: I wasn't aware of the rule that he was a runner, thanks for clarifying fam"
These refs are such pansys
Ref fucking sold that one. FUCK THAT
"I really don't enjoy the Judon slander on this sub, he's done everything we've asked of him, plays a way more versatile role than most edge players"
Fuck. Gus Bus may have a flat.
Are we worried about Lamar yet? What is going on with him lately??
DO NOT BLAME THAT ON BOYKIN
Harbaugh needs to talk to Roman after this game. I swear we're good for at least 2-3 illegal formations or illegal shifts a game
Say something romo.
Got away with that one
Get Roman the fuck out of Baltimore
why is Lamar smiling after that mistake.
"Welcome back into the game. 

Love, 
LJ"
Awesome that we are terrified for our QB to throw the ball on any play
It would help if Lamar's best receiver wasn't a TE that everyone knows he going to go to because the others aren't getting separation.
This offense is so stale under Roman. I think we can assume last year will never happen again. It was the outlier.
Our mental is broken. That interception was fucking terrible
Enough of this soft zone bullshit please you may as well just lay down and let Ben squat and take a shit on all of your collective chests
"Whaaattsss up fellow Ravens fans, time to smash that self destruct button"
"So jealous of their WR corp 

Fuck"
How the fuck are they losing this game. Why does Lamar always turn to complete shit in every big game? Jeez man
"Bro wtf is our play calling, we go into half gashing them up the middle and GRo decides nah let's abandon the 1 thing that was working for us, literally have this issue every game idk why we're tryna be cute"
Let’s take Judon and Roman to a farm upstate
"Cut dead weight. Roman, judon, justice hill, all of our OLB corps. 

It's sad when Snead is our best WR and our best play other than the Gus Bus is a 34yd pass. 

When's the last time weve had an absurdly long TD? Last season?"
Why dont we run on 2nd and 8
"I don't know why we keep going empty lol, it's just a giant sign that we're definitely throwing the ball and they can sell out"
"Stop blaming this whole game on play calling. Our receivers fucking suck, if they can’t run a slant that’s their fault, not Roman’s."
Love it. Ravens do good while in working. Come out on lunch to a choke fest. Fucking love it.
"No matter what happens today, or the rest of this season..we can all take comfort in knowing there's no chance in hell Roman will be the OC next year."
"Duvernay, Proche, and Dez need to replace these bum ass receivers we have starting."
"bum ass fucking refs, there needs to be an investigation into the refs after this game"
"Regardless that is unnecessary. The throw was so bad
 There is no reason it should be this close"
That play right there is the perfect example of great design by Roman but shit execution on the field.
Steelers should lose a timeout for that injury
Don't say Roman doesn't call runs when we're down lol
Good AFC news is Titans might lose and Browns lost
Dobbins was open man
Fire Roman
"Running was the right call, just not having Lamar run it. Good game, Pittsburgh."
That is on Greg Roman. Shit call. Emptied the damn backfield
What an awful game. Lamar and play calls
Greg Roman is STILL a hack
"Ain’t over quite yet, my friends."
Should have kept running
Please stop booing. He’s probably actually hurt
Wtf. Are they booing heyward?
Unfathomable that time was not added.
Burn in hell Steelers
"I'm mad at Lamar, but I'm more angry at Roman..."
A lot of people in here cursing watt but I didn't see any way it was intentional on his part.
Steelers are playing dirty as fuck
oh fuck this is a Trump ad on my gamepass ew
Another bonehead play from Lamar. Dude is hesitating way too much.
"TJ Watt didn’t even do anything lmao


Guy was doing his job tackling Lamar and unfortunately rolled into Stanley’s ankle. I get being pissed in the heat of the moment (especially with the way TJ has been playing today already) but this one ain’t on him"
"Lamar shrinks in big games, 2 turnovers in the first quarter. Beyond disappointing."
TJ Watt is such a dirty fucker
Get Watt's cock out of your ass Romo
"Lamar has been playing poorly, but it all starts with Roman IMMEDIATELY abandoning the run, after the Ravens dominated the Steelers by basically running it every down."
"Pros: defense got the ball back to Lamar 


Cons: Lamar now has the ball"
Better throw had the TD
Its so easy to see how KC and LA got sick of Peters being either a hall of famer or a street free agent on any particular play...
"Man coming off the best CoD since BO1 in MW, and then announcing it as a “Cold War” game my hype for CoD was through the roof, but the beta sucked and everything I see about it just looks so lacklustre. Very disappointing"
TRADE INGRAM AND JUDON
"Clock mismanagement , if we lose what a fuck up"
Lamar lost us this game and some of you can’t handle that
I love Lamar but today fuck him
And Fuck these Trump commercials.
Stuck overseas and gamepass won't show the game for some reason. Can anyone link me to a stream?
My body is ready
Bill cowher is a fucking hack
Bro the won’t get off the Steelers dick at all. This amazing D lost to RG triple sticks.
Ravens 31 Steelers 17
"IN JEDEM SUB WO TROLLE BAITEN

GIBT'S LEUTE, DIE AUCH STEELERS HATEN.

UND IST DAS SUB AUCH NOCH SO KLEIN,

DIE STEELERS SOLL'N GEHATED SEIN!"
Am I like the only one here that is like fucking hyped that we have Romo lol I miss him so much
Ngl I thought we were the underdogs today
Of course there’s bad weather...sigh. Hope Lamar can throw a wet ball today.
FUCK THE STEALERS LETS GET THAT DUB
Let’s goooooo
I don't think it's healthy how much impact days like today have on my overall happiness in life
Let’s goo bitches
Lamar body by banana. Ben body by fried nanner.
Let’s go boys. Gotta play physical and disrupt their timing. Offense has to attack their aggressive blitz.
Here we go monkaS
"Gulp, here we go"
Lego
Good to see at least a few people in the stands
All aboard the gus bus
LETS FUCKING GO
Let's do this 😎
Let's gooooo
These fucking screens wtf
I'm glad they kept the **MO** in the end zone and not just one and done.
That play was getting blown up regardless
awful Lamar throw #1 of the day
Fuck
Awful throw
Yikes
wtf WTF
"Lol, this is quite trash."
"Well, Fuck. This is gonna get rough"
Lol wow when you defer that is the start you want.
that's not ideal
Oof
"Today's my bday.  I can care less about gifts, I just want my Ravens to get a dub and hand the Steelers their first loss! Let's gooooooo"
Wtf just happened
Bruh
Don't think that's how you start an nfl game.
Ok....time to get one of those ourselves!
Atrocious throws so far
Watt always taking shots
Oof we get 3 plays of enjoying this game it feels like lol
Okay let's try this again.
Okay Boykin. More of that please
Not ideal
That wasn't the greatest start
lol absolutely pathetic. Two weeks to prepare coming off the bye...
Great throw and catch by Boykin.
Great throw!!
Is it gonna be one of those games again?
Lol how long till we abandon the run?
Finally
Late hit
Watt is trying to rip his legs out
I was going to say how was not a late hit
throw the fucking ball
well thats a gift
Steelers corners not even looking at the receivers outside. Backs are turned to them. Daring them to throw anything outside the numbers.
Oof this is rough
These penalties again
ANOTHER PENALTY FOR OUR 100 MILLION DOLLAR MAN FEELS GOOD
Damn these OLBs are hitting Lamar in every down
Wow. We do not look like a team that had a bye. What the fuck.
2 drops already even though that second one is negated by a penalty.
Good lord its gonna be one of those games 🤦‍♂️ fml
This offense is fucked.
Its going to be a long day on offense
I really questioning trading Hurst tbh
"Just because Lamar gets the ball doesn’t mean he’s establishing himself as a runner, he can’t be hit every time he hands the ball off"
snead so damn slow lmao
"&#x200B;

*Willie Snead for 34-Yards!!!*"
Need for Snead!!!!
Snead with a nice run
Great presence by Lamar that play
I hope we abuse Spillane the rest of the game
I am slowly beginning to regret taking Lamar 3rd overall in fantasy this year 😬😔
Snead appears.
Bless you boys
Please get 7 and not 3
You know they’re going to be whining about that legit roughing the passer
There we go.
"Still a sidearm throw though! Wtf! Mechanics. 

I also think we need to use Snead better. I feel bad for him."
"Fucking hell, they’re wasting these downs"
I hate that naked bootleg shit.
Wtf
Thank you
Welcome back BOYKIN
Boykin I’m sorry
boykin did something nice
DOTTTTTT
Boykin!!!! Welcome back my man!!!!
What a throw!!!!
Damnit Phillips.
BOYKIN WAS READING REDDIT AND HE LIKE OKAY IM GOING OFF TODAY
OK BOYKIN
Lamar needs to run that...
Jesus Christ.
Nice fucking catch boykin
[deleted]
Dez who!!!??
These plays fuckin suck
Time to break Ben
But guys we’re gonna lose!!!
LETSSS GOOO
Gorgeous throw
Boykin’s really showing up today
We got our self a game
THERE WE GO!! Look at how we misdirect when we fucking run 2x then pass
BIG BOY BOYKIN
"L L A M A 


L A S E R"
I’m excited to see this defense with ngakoue
Shouts out Boykin once again
Thank you! What an answer!
Great play for the corner TD
Ngakoue time!
Great fucking throw
Yay. Fuck the Steelers
Like that we turned this into a long drive. Pick six meant the defense had to stay on the field almost 7 minutes to start the game. Start wearing them out early.
Boykin always just needed to learn to run routes. His physical stats are good he just needs route running.
our turn for a turnover
We needed that. Did not want to settle for 3 there and it is really good to see Lamar dropping dimes again. That was a great drive for our overall confidence.
Lamar is way cooler than me. Ya gotta love seeing shrug off a horrible mistake and drove right down the field.
"That was a great call there, they brought a lot of pressure and Lamar stayed calm. Now the Defense needs to come out and do what the Steelers did to start"
LETS FOOOOOOOO
Glad the bois bounced back. Forget that first interception it’s a new game
That was a beautiful pass
FLAIR UP
You're a pussy Jake from State Farm
WELCOME BACK TO FOOTBALL MYLES
Big day Yannick come on
This game is giving me angina
Low key loving how tight this game is already!!
What is the percentage of kick returns that have an illegal block in the back called on them?
bruh Tua got sack stripped dont even care lets goooo Ravens
That drive would've died out and been a 3 and out with most other QBs in the NFL
James Conner too slow to turn the corner against our LBs
Remember when Ebron said he was the best TE in the division? Lmao
???
BRUH
What the fuck did he do????
WTF peters you dumbass
Steelers fans didn’t y’all just complain about flags? Youre WRs soft
Uncatchable and he didn’t really do anything
That’s such bull
We're even now
Kind of a weak call ngl but not awful either
That wasn’t catchable... wtf
but.........where?
I wonder if the Steelers sub will recognize how bs that call was...but probably not
What?!
Wooooo
That's baby soft
Fuck yeaaaaaaa
Lets fucking goooooo
LETS GI
Payback bishhh
Claypool is a bitch
Fumbleeeee
Fumble!!
LETS GO PETERS THATS A COMPETITIVE MAN
Marlon been teaching Marcus his craft over the bye!!!
Way to make up for that Peters!
Oh my gosh! LET'S GOOOOOOOOO!!!!
God I love playing the Steelers
Oh yeah.
BALL DONT LIE BITCH
Now that's Ravens football
lol really?
FUCK YOU REFS THAT BALL WASNT EVEN CLOSE TO THE STEELERS RECEIVE R
BALL DON'T LIE
Ead you fucks!
Let’s gooooo Peters!!!
JUICEMAN
Fuck these refs
Marcus got me feeling like 👁👄👁
BALLL DONT FUCKIN LIE LIL HOE
Oh Yeah BayBEEEEE
YESSSSSSSSSIR
fuck the steelers
The poetic justice is boner inducing
LETS GOOO 😈😈
Bitch
Gonna be a battle...
Claypool is a great player. That hustle was incredible even if the call stands that we get the ball.
I LOVE THIS DEFENSE!
"We knew this was going to be one of ""those"" games.  Its rainy, kinda disgusting weather and it feels like the rivalry is back.  If anyone expected it to be easier for either side, then I want you are smoking, snorting, boofing, what have you....."
get f\*\*\*ed claypool
MP Juicemannn
I like how they bring 4 and Lamar gets maybe 1.5 seconds. Meanwhile we bring 7 and Ben has 2 seconds to throw that.
I wanna see a deep shot
WAY TO ATTACK THE BALL PETERS LETS GOOOO
Most importantly ball don’t lie
LETS FUCKING GO MARCUS PETERS WOOOOOOOOOO
Oh no
"Man... that has got to hurt

Hope tyre is ok"
Fuck...
Fuck. Our already weak oline is about to get weaker.
"Love watching TJ Watt launch himself into the backfield, taking himself out of the play"
Speed kills
JK
JK THE MAN FUCK YEAH
Steelers fan here. I hope he's ok. I want to beat you guys fair and square.
Dobbins is so good
Dobbins is ELECTRIC
Someone on here said Dobbins would finish this drive.  Sooooo close.  But he set up this drive and deserves a chance.
Dobbins is a future top 5 RB in the league. So explosive
JK
If Bozeman could've got his block JK might've been able to stay inside and take it
JK
"THIS MAN IS A FUCKING SUPERSTAR

GO DOBB GO"
JK my boy
Wow JK running sideways
LOL JK!
BIG BOY NO LITTLE BOY
JAY. KAY. ALL. DAY.
Bro JK is so good.
DOBBINS IS NASTY
There’s the run game I love
Yo lamar changing plays is making me wet.
F F F.
I can't believe we were able to draft JK Dobbins
JK Dobbins is absolutely a joy to watch.
Let JK COOK
"okay, guys, we might have drafted a legit great RB"
yuck
I can’t
God dammit
Okok
What are you doing Lamar
Jesus Christ this game is gonna be crazy..
Jesus christ man
Lamar come on.
lamar needs to chill with the pump fakes
At least PIT is pinned back.
Please just keep running maybe
GET A SAFETY
We need to be running more rub plays to open guys down in the redzone too.
Really bad spot there
Man that is a back breaker that deep.
Chuck took a bad angle on that run :(
Interesting play call for them. Must have been miscommunication
Let's go D.
3rd and 10? Thought that was a tackle for a loss
We’ve had good field position all game
Lol bad spot too
get off the field!!!!
so i just read about a pie that has a berger cookie filling and now i need 7
That's like a 5 yard fuck up by the ref.
The Defenses have come to play lol. Offense? Not so much.
Awful punt but cool
Come on shot to Hollywood plz!
Lamar is so much more deer in headlights this year. Where the fuck is the option?
There you go
there's mvp lamar
"Great play, don't force shit. Use your legs."
See Lamar that’s why you run my guy!!
Omfg
Oh no.....
Oh shit.
Fuck
FUCK
Jesus fucking christ
Are you fucking kidding me
Oh God no..
NOOOOOOOO RONNIEEEEE
NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO
Fuck he's in a lot of pain
No please
"God no, not Stanley!!!!"
These plays are disgusting.
Mother fucking mother fucking
Oh my god
Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck
There goes the 100 million dollar man
Our online is bad enough as it is already. DANGIT!!!
oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck
Not Stanley. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuuuuck
please god no...
This is not good
Fuck no no no no no no no
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Welp...pack in boys
😭
Fuck. We really need an oline
Shitty play call by Roman lead to a traffic jam resulting in Stanley’s injury smfh
Fuck that looks bad.
fuck
Fuuuuuuck
This is not ideal
FUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKKK
Figures
FUCKFUCKKKKKKKKKKK FUCK ME BRO
I need more alcohol fuck
Jesus fuck no.
"NO NOOOOOOOO 

FUCK"
OMG NO
Fuck.
His ankle!
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
And that’s fucked
Well this went as poorly as it could have
Welp it’s over
FUCK
It’s a wrap for our o line. smh
Pause. Forfeit.
His leg... im gonna be sick
Damnit
Holy shit fuck TJ watt. Cut his fucking legs the rest of the game
Damn his season is over
Of course it was Watt
That is broke no doubt.
"oh what do you know, Steelers aggressive hits are hurting players :|"
Yikes bro our oline going to be terrible now
ah thats the season lets hope the surgery goes well or the window has closed
That’s an ankle. His ankle is fucked
Fuck 2020 no one is safe!!!!
Also can we talk about how the refs blow the whistle too early so instead of lamar making a play and getting the ball out for an incompletion they get an 8 yard sack lol
2 lineman who get  rolled up on in a quarter is just fucked man his knee is gone. Be lucky to be back by training camp
Lamar with no WRs and now no line too =/
Next man up.
Shit not Ronnie
I can't handle this.
That’s broken
That Stanley injury looks bad..I don't see how it's not a serious injury.
Out for the season no doubt so glad dude got his money tho. Man this fucking sucks lose 2 players in 1 Game
"Not like this, not like this"
"Brown to LT, Fluker at RT again?"
Damn new contract too
depending on how bad this is... that really might be the season
Let's hope he is ready for next seasom
Damn I’m tearing up watching him go off the field
Who the ravens trading for on OLine now?  Now 2 huge holes at G & LT.
EDC needs to get us an O-Line stat
Still have time to make a trade
NOOO
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
"Nothing a shot can't fix in this league s/
Dang. Love that guy."
At least get a field goal
ive been having a shit last few days so it was fucking inevitable
There is only one person on the team more important then Stanley
"Ok Greg, let's see a play to get 9-10 yards and a FG"
Christ I hope he's okay guys. Freak injury.
Wouldn’t some screens make sense against the Steelers aggressive front 7?
I really don’t wanna watch this offense without Ronnie
Malik Harrison’s pre draft stuff is so weird to me now. He flashes plenty of speed and quickness. You would have thought he was slow as shit
Thjs feels like fake punt territoy
Defense playing really well.  Think TOP will wear down Steelers.  Need to keep running.  Still in a good spot.
Thank God we have at least some tackle depth
Just a sloppy game all the way around.
keep forgetting to breathe
Ben looks a bit off
I think we get a bonefide guard and try all other options at LT
"Our offense has completely kept them in this game, even before Ronnie went out."
"That pick 6 to the scrub LB was such a killer mistake. The Steelers offense isn’t very good in general and haven’t done anything today so far. Can’t spot them points. 

Roman needs to draw up some designed runs for Lamar, back the defense up, and go to play action so the receivers actually have a chance to get open."
Need to get Andrews and Hollywood involved the game on this drive.
"The way this game is going, if we can score 2 touchdowns and add a field goal, we will win. Going to be tough due to their d-line. Might be in line for a Justin Tucker game winner here"
Let’s keep doing that
TRUSS THE BUSS
Good run by the GusBus!!
We have the defense to win a championship.
"Lol, seriously, can we PLEASE just keep running the ball?"
"For all the whining, their offense looks just as bad or worse..."
All week I thought this game would be won by our defense shutting down their offense.
Boys were finally running the god damn football. Isn’t it beautiful.
Keep the run game you cowards
We need to tank for Joe Burrow
Gus is gonna get payed somewhere soon
That's why we need to run!
Pound their bungholes with these runs
Keep running it
Gus and JK that's all we need today
"Have to score, our defense is playing far too well to only be tied"
THIS BUS DONT STOP
Just run the ball and rely on Tucker
Its crazy that Mark Ingram starts over Gus and Dobbins.
Still mad Gus only got 3 carries vs the Titans...
Didn't even make a good rush there and still got 5-6 yards
Fucking ground pound!  It works!!!
WOBBINS
Top defense my ass. Run it down these stupid motherfuckers throats.
Just run the ball every play from here on out.
Gus gonna truck TJ
"Silver lining is that our o-line wasn't horrible with this tackle formation the previous game for stanley. Still, that's about as big a loss as our season could have besides lamar :("
\#WE NEED TO KEEP RUNNING UNTIL THEY STOP US
Dobbins is literally ray rice. He’s so strong for his size
This is why you fuckin run Greg thank you. Please keep this up.
Holy shit he’s quick dude took off
These down hill runs are stunning their overly aggressive D line.  Let's keep it going!
I love ingram but gus and dobbins are better
Dear lord where has this play been all year?
This is looking like our offense last year !!
This drive looking like 2019
Just keep running the ball. With all these OL out... keep it simple and just run.
Steelers adjusting. 8 in the center of the field and w/in 7 of los. Lamar takes outside.
We angry
4 yards x 3 is 1st down!! Let's go!! Pound that shit
LITERALLY RUN EVERY SIGLE PLAY
I love this. Don’t stop running until they stop it.
"run angry, run for ronnie!!!"
You love to see it
"“So they’re just running the football down the field.”

You don’t say..."
Vintage Jackson
keep running it
"Steelers d line making me scared of injuries, just diving their weight on our players legs"
I was just about to say I want Lamar to keep the ball on runs too. Let's get these three running
RUN RUN RUN
Please pound it
Richard is a blocking machine.
Run opened that up. Lotta center field action.
"Crazy what happens when you establish the run Roman, you fucking tool"
Give Dobby the ball
wow about fucking time Roman figured out running the ball and throwing to the TE is good
Quick passes and run that’s gotta be our offense without Ronnie
Lamar got POPPED at the line.
Are we going back to last year's playbook with Ronnie out?
Runnnnnn
WE BACK
"Crown of the helmet to the head, runner or not... Where is the call for that? Dirty fucking bastards."
It's simple!! Run that damn ball and we get easy completions!!!
Fuck the Steelers!
"Fuck yeah, running the ball!"
I fucking loved that drive. HELL YEA BABY
Touchdown!
That was a goddamn drive guys!
"they worked out that passing plays are better, when you have to respect the run"
That should be a TD
Ouch
See what happens when you run the ball Roman!?
Gus is a fucking monster
GUS BUS
Should be 21-7 if we didn’t fumble last time in the red zone
"Fuck you shittsburgh, eat the fucking run"
**great fucking drive keep running down their throats**
KEEP SMASHING IT DOWN THEIR THROAT DONT LET OFF
LETS GO D LOOK THEM UP
The Gus Bus is fueled up and ready to roll!
Take that shitsburgh
let's gooo
Might have gus be my first jersey
That's Raven football right there!
"I'm not going to bother looking it up, but I feel like this is the least I've seen Ben play in a Ravens game ever. Their offense is non-existent. You hate to see it."
Sticking to our guns! Roman making the adjustments
"Run.
The.
Ball."
"Yes, back to the basics and our identity...running the fucking ball."
This is what you get when you run the ball! Lets go!
"So what? If the D keeps up and we can run it like we're seeing, we'll be fine.  We've turned it over twice.  Let's settle in and get back to the historic rushing attack we know we have."
so grateful for gus. he'd be a starting RB on just about any other team
Left Ankle for stanley
"Turnovers aside, we're looking great on both sides of the ball right now"
KEEP FUCKING RUNNING THE BEST RUN OFFENSE LAST YEAR EVER FOR A REASON
RUN THE BALL + TIME OF POSSESSION AND WE CAN WIN EVERY GAME FUCK THE STEELERS
Let's get the O back on the field and keep running it on their gased defense
turns out if you play to your strengths good things can happen. huh.
"Aw, McAlister, Sizzle, Ray, Matty S.

Brings a tear to your eye!"
Make these fuckers swallow the fucking ball
Ben’s passing hasn’t looked good today...I think we have a pick in us
"It pains me a little that it took Ronnie getting injured for Roman to change up the scheme. Like why tf wouldn’t what we are doing now work with Stanley, hint it would be better you twat."
"Ingram could have a hard time getting back to a starting spot. Gus and JK both are both doing it all. Big plays, grinding on 1st, and falling forward to turn losses into 3-4."
Love to see Conner with two hands on the ball the entire time because he’s scared of marlo punching it out
"Haha, Coach and Player having a little heated discussion"
Are they playing for PI's lol
"Gotta love how the JETS of all teams are playing the Chiefs closer than we did. Come on, Harbs, Roman and Wink. This is not OK."
Can someone who knows more about sports injuries/o lineman tell me about stanley? Ankle is better than knee right?
"It's not over till the fat lady sings. Figth Defense, figth!"
Dammit
Is Yannick playing today?
Marlon is heated
I LOVE ME SOME MCPHEE
Pernell really set the edge there
Anyone surprised Judon was the one who gets flagged
Looked like Judon hit the ref.
Should offset.
This is nothing or off-setting flags. Let's keep the game moving please.
"Ok, maybe we can keep judon"
Fuck Judon
FUCK
Typical way the Steelers get back in a game
Bullshit!!!
This is horrible
Cut Judon.
Fuck
That’s fucking bullshit
Little boy no big boy got punked. Love peters on this play
Fuck the refs flopping
STUPID ASS
"Ok, not supporting that one. Didn’t realize he hit an official. That’s dumb as shit."
That was so damn stupid
Trade Judon
What?
I never want Judon back on the field again for the Ravens.
Judon being retarded again
"ah, classic Ravens-Steelers"
Judon ejected from the game. I’m not too upset about that
Wow. What a half
I knew he was out of the game.
judon... cmon dude
Wtf?
I guess we'll see how much we need or don't need Judon now
Id cut him
Don’t let the door hit you on the way out Matt
Judon is fuckin dumb
"Wow, dumb"
Well it’s not like we’ll notice if Judon is or isn’t on the field 🤣
Cmon Judon!!
Fuck me that's dumb there. But Johnson over there shoving coaches no problem
Judon upgraded from Roughing the Passer to being thrown out of the game
Judumb
Judon officially in the dog house and gone
"The ""Bullshit"" chant came back for a few seconds there lol"
I think judon just sent himself out of town after the season.
Big props to the fans getting a bullshit chant going
Holy shit
"Fucking lose 3 starters in one game, Jesus fucking christ....."
McPhee > Judon
Calais Camwall.
"Soft call, but he made contact whilst swinging and it is what it is"
Oh no it’s a 3rd and long
Lol - 54 skipping them back on that penalty.
This is one intense damn game!
"I've seen guys get ejected for less contact than that against refs, its basically the only thing these guys ever call consistently."
Sure is a good thing the Steelers offense is so fucking bad lol
absolute horseshit call
It’s ok Daddy McPhee will save us 🥺
"ELLIOTT BABY

JOKER TIME"
LETS GO!
ELLIOT
ofcourse the Steelers playing chippy and they punish you guys...
ben isn’t even asking to get hit like this!
Gobble was the right verb to use for Ben.
Tucker could hit it from there
"4min drill time. We can get some points before the half, and we're in good shape."
Defense is fucking balling
"Now keep on running that ball boys, run that rock."
Notice how successful we are when we press receivers at the line. Strayed away from it this year and it’s cost us.
I wanna see hollywood make an appearance
Judson has more ejections than sacks in the past 3 weeks...
So do the refs start calling all the dirty hits on lamar now?
"Disaster of a game so far and still up. 

Pick 6, RedZone fumble, stanley/phillips injury, and Judon getting ejected."
This Steelers offense is the most toothless I've seen (led by Ben) in a while.
The only thing that’d surprise me at this point is Ben not getting hurt
Ben hurting. Knew it. Called it last night.
"Great run, keep it up"
Need a long time killing drive that results in any amount of points to end the half. They get the ball back so a 2 score buffer will be super important.
"They're now doing what they did against RG3 last year.

They're gonna pretend they didnt see Lamar hand the ball off just to hit him."
Come on llama.
"Lol, Jackson got stripped by the air. Nice first down pick-up"
Jackson with the Boller impression: unassisted fumble.
Plz don't scare me like that Lamar
Lamar stripped himself
Sheesh get this man a towel
Tuck that ball on a day like this Lamar
Yo what awareness by Lamar to fall on that though
"Jeeesus Lamar, don't scare us"
That dude Tuitt is fuckin huge lol good lord
lamar please don't do that again
Man Lamar trying to give me a heart attack
YOOOO WTF is this ball
Gotta tuck it but that was weird as fuck. Not like Lamar even hit it with his own body. Definitely some wet-ball-itis.
"Keep it simple. 

keep doing what we're doing on D

Up the gut on offense. 

Let Tucker kick the game out of reach."
God i hope the Ravens beat the Steelers. That would put them in such a better place
"Awareness! It’s wet, hold the like a rb"
"Someone proposed to his GF first game back 

https://twitter.com/ravens/status/1322982603755081728?s=21"
I just realized that was lamars first ever pick 6
FUck me...
Man lamar.
Not an int
Jesus lamar...but no catch
Is that Boykin late on his route again?
"Boykin, wtf man..."
That was so close my god
"Wasn't on Lamar, one hell of a play"
LAMAR NO
Don’t even throw the ball for the rest of the game idc
"Ball hit the ground but damn, what an effort by Haden"
What in the hell is Lamar doing throwing that.?
Incomplete.
"Terrible throw by Lamar, what was he doing there?"
This is exactly what a steelers Ravens game should be and I can’t even enjoy it because of stanley. Fuck
hit the ground no way that’s an interception
That ball hit the ground
Boykin has to come back to those
The invention of the forward pass was a mistake
"Shit throw.

r/ravens: lamars playing perfectly"
That’s coming back. Everyone breath.
Thank god that hit the ground. Bailed out Lamar 😬
This is a bloody long game lmao
He didn't have possession.
"Really bad throw, glad it's coming back. we got lucky af"
Categorically not a pick but I bet they give it to them anyway
No way that’s standing
You didn't have your hand under it you cheating fuck.
What the fuck is Lamar doing today
Run. The. Ball.
That's incomplete
Thank fuck
Why is this taking so long...
I mean he made the right read your man is huge let him.box out but that throw was really really bad.
just run the damn ball.....please. I don't care if Lamar or whoever runs it. Just run it.
Refs be like call stands pittsburgh's ball
We’re winning but aaaaa
Our run game is pretty lethal so far in this game. Is Justice Hill active? I know they said Gus was a little hurt so do we have another active back?
Man if he hadn't run into Zeus he could've kept going.
Man penalties have been a big issue for us
Sloppy
Tomlin crying on the sidelines gives me energy
Seriously what is up with these illegal formations?
Illegal shift I think. Andrews not set.
That was a great play.
"We've been getting so many pre-snap penalties on offense this year, it's insane."
Can we figure out how to play football
Been having way too many formation and shift penalties this year. that’s coaching
What in the ever living fuck
Shift not formation
"Worst refs we’ve faced this year: today or the Chiefs game?  
  
At least the Steelers have gotten screwed a time or two, I guess."
Where’s all those idiots who want Hayden hurst back instead of jk
Great throw away. TJ has been an issue all day
Not a bad throw away.
o line not playing good gets lamar skittish and makes panicked throws. it's not rocket science my guys
Needed a better throw there Lamar. Woulda been near FG range.
Just don't get that. Why split Dobbins wide? Run a jet sweep with Hollywood and give it to Dobbins on the fake.
It’s so slippery passing is going to be useless
Most steelers vs ravens games have ended with 1 score. This will be close
"Play it safe, we have Tucker"
Garbage spot
Lamar constantly has someone in his face
Damn the refs fucked him
3 players with 50+rushing yards. nice
"He got out of bounds, but ok."
Tuck wink
Automatic systematic
Absolutely dominant half without the turnovers
That ball would’ve been good from 65 easy
GOAT doing GOAT things
Tucker can have my babies
Exactly down the middle....man is a kicking God
Horrible half and we up 10 . We are ok guys
God he’s so good. That could’ve gone fucking 60
Are they fuckin serious with that whistle???
Fuck the Steelers
And dobbins needs more carries. Dudes a stud. Pound for pound I’ll take him over KC’s rookie
I’ll take it up 2 possessions defense gotta keep balling and keep running lets fucking go
That was an extra point for him
JK is a monster.
"Tucker is the 🐐🐐🐐. 


Romo didn't say shit about the kick either lmao"
No “best in the league” from Romo?
To quote a certain gif from this week: Steelers Offense? ASS!
Who gets ball after half?
"They get the ball, I want the Ravens to F them up big time."
Thought they said it best at halftime. This is good UGLY AFCN football. Everyone sit back take a breather and say “FUCK THE STEELERS”.
I am loving how the Ravens running game looks right now. The Ravens really looking strong coming out of the bye. Injuries suck but I never thought the team would look fine after losing ronnie Stanley. Ravens defense hasn't allowed any points. I think Lamar's passing game is being affected by the weather but so is ben's. They haven't got anything going in the air or on the ground. I'm a little nervous about the Steelers 2 minute offense so I just hope we can widen the gap a little more in the third quarter.
Dude was wide open
Ngakoue scared him
>RG Tyre Phillips has been ruled out with an ankle injury. - @Ravens
Good job Bowser!
Good d jimmy!
Johnson tried to Torrey it.
Play the ball not the body idiot
Let's score on these fuck bois!!!!
I feel like you don't deserve the call when you slow down immediately and don't keep trying to make the play.
Great coverage by Bowser
captain fatfuck looks washed
Surprised the ref didn’t mark the ball at the 3 yard line
Fuck you fat Ben that’s revenge for that garbage pi earlier on mp
Wanting a penalty there for that? Weak shit
is hollywood playing?
Dude
Well
JUST RUN
gdi Lamar
lamar has been straight up bad
Lamar a liability in this game.
RUN THE BALL
Y
Big dumb
Jesus Lamar 😵
What a gift
Are you fucking kidding me
Worst game of lamars career
Lamar reverting to the mean in one game.
"I guess we just want to let the Steelers back into the game, huh?"
WHY ARE WE THROWING
That's a forced pass based on the play call. But man og man I thought only linebackers in Madden could do that what a play
lamar wtf man
JESUS TITTY FUCKING CHRIST
Team please. Just grind them down
Defense needs to hold them to three
No effort
Ball shouldn't have been thrown. Play shouldn't have been called.
Fuck sakes
Why do we help shit teams like this. If we run the ball 3 times and punt they still have 0 offensive production
"Lamar just didn’t step into that throw, no reason not to"
Tf is this play calling
Wtf is this defense doing?
Gonna need a juice punch there
w h y
RUN THE BALL
"I still think we win, but if we don't win this game, that interception is the reason."
Probably Queen smh
Jackson seemed to handle that unprofessionally. Makes it hard to not read into the coaching situation.
Steelers only points have been gifted to them by Lamar.
Gifting these bums the game
"I'm glad at least is was over quick. 

Still haven't learned yet?"
Ugh
Sloppy ass turnovers.
"Ok, testing my liver. Wish me luck"
"Past couple of weeks I’d call Lamar a net negative, come on bro"
Man I swear we have a bipolar OC
Fucking Lamar man
Just get back to pounding the rock and we good
"hey team, can we not be dumb dumb in the 2nd half please"
Does it really take this long to straighten this out?
Empty backfield????
"Hey, um, where the fuck is Hollywood? You know, our number one receiver..."
I thought we agreed we aren't doing that anymore
HAHAHAHAHA
"I still want to see Roman call an outside run or 2. I haven't seen many this game, but I think the few that they did worked lol."
"Sad that PITs secondary has been burnt by some fast WRs the last couple weeks, but I mean us throwing 10 yards down the field lol."
Averett would never.
That is awful
That call was bullshit
That's bullshit
Here we go
"Why is lamar playing like he's a 60 rated qb on madden 😂😂 come-on man step it up

(Edit spelling)"
Clark got sonned
How was that a PI?
"Ah, OK. Their game plan is just to have Ben chuck it to draw flags. Got it. Cute."
Still playing against the refs too
HOW IS THAT A PEN???
Fuck this fucking game
Moving the ball with ease
Where did our defense go
What the fuck are Queen/Board doing. They just sat there and watched him sit in the zone.
Why are we just letting them have every single catch?
Why’d we stop blitzing..
Please get a takeaway
Fuck this
[deleted]
God fucking dammit dude
Did Steelers not address RB in the offseason? Conner-Samuels is a very meh tandem.
SMH....Ravens
This particular game feels like the 2010 playoff game.
"With the way lamar is playing and how our defense can’t stop them now, i don’t see us winning this."
I can’t even put it in to words what’s going one feels like we have dominated
RUN. THAT. FOOTBALL.
"welp, Lamar's fault for this one, shitted away a potential blow-out game"
Time for the offense to pull up their big boy pants and do something the get the momentum back
"No way is this on the defense. That was the only TD they have given up.  This game is on Lamar so far, he has to be able to close it out and get the win. If not, most of the blame is on him"
"It's a combo....
We are predictable.
This is on Jackson, but it's also on Roman."
"crunch time, let's go"
Lamar directly responsible for -17 points: two INTs and missed FG attempt (at least) in the red zone \*facepalm\*
Late hit.
"Was planning to watch this game sober. 

I've uh...changed my mind for the remainder."
Why is Pittsburgh taking late hits on their best player of the game 🤔
Fuck it. I blame Madden.
Oh so we’re not calling run plays anymore huh
Time to answer the call.
"Roman, we should've ran it on the first play of that drive. That's wtf I'm talking about..."
Qtr scoring streak on the line
I miss last year
Designed runs.
Fuck sakes Mandrews.....
"Thank God! That play was crazy, omg!"
My heart can’t take this!
"I saw that coming a mile away. We are playing so sloppy, off a fucking BYe."
Saw that coming.
Lucky play
Running the ball is only going to get you so far.
Who else screamed BEHIND YOU to Andrews hoping he could hear us but won't lol
No no you dint bring the ball back nothing says that it should be brought back
So we run now .... outstanding galaxy brain fucking logic I am upset and my day is ruined
Fuck me raw everyone needs to focus more on offense Andrews has to feel that pressure and protect the football.
Fire Greg Roman
We had 130+ rushing yards in the first half and now we’re dropping to throw every down
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT ROMAN????
This is pathetic
So what’s up with this sidearm throw? I really don’t like it. Looks so unnatural.
No justice no block
The fuck kind of play call is that LMFAO
Not touching Watt at all is a big no-no.
Paper tigers
why does it seem like we always get the worst reffing of the year in Steelers games?
We need a turnover here
I talk shit about Chris Moore but he’s an excellent special teamer
"This second half offense is trash.  This second half defense is garbage.

You guys blaming one and not the other aren't watching the same game I am."
“I’m 1000% better” lmao my ass
I swear watt isn’t even touched lol
3rd and 8 alright buddy we are going to run the option
"damn, is this gonna be our first non-scoring quarter?"
Lol my streams are juiced.
Run the fucking ball
Pitt scores here the game is over
Yikes that was really bad man. Defense is going to have to step up and win the game for us.
Please get a takeaway
Greg roman did not run when we were up 17 7 now he is calling run plays smh
Our run play design is okay. Pass play design needs work. But I think the actual play call sequencing is hurting the most right now. I would love to keep Roman on as a run game coord and let someone else call the plays if possible.
"We need to get them off the field and fast so we can play our game. Don’t get cute, run it."
The D has to win the game for us
Still can't get to the QB. Ben has too much time.
"Come on Lamar, shift the momentum here"
Good run Proche
Thank goodness our defense is more than decent
Cleveland with 2 field goals lol
"So, so thankful for this defense."
We are due for a comeback.
I haven’t heard the name Ngakoue yet this game...! Makes me sad 😢
"good stop, defense.

offense, don't turn the ball over. plz."
you would think the game is over if you only read this thread. Guys theres a lot more football to be played. relax
"On the bright side, the Titans are losing by 17 to the Bengals and the Browns are losing by 10 to the Raiders."
Let's goooooo defense. Wink knew the screen was coming. Great fucking job
Ughhh
FFS
Man what happened
Just sat there and ate the fucking sack
O-line not even attempting to block anymore. Just run every play at this point.
Dude this shit is fucking insanity.
Maybe Lamar just can’t play without his hypeman?
Fuck it pull a Flacco and go for a PI
Christ. 3rd and Jackson.
FUUUCK
Why does Lamar run into sacks?
"So.... honestly, when we starting Dez Bryant?"
"No o line and no receivers. Been the story or the season. Cover Andrews, cover Hollywood and collapse the inside o line."
At least the chiefs will repeat as SB champs anyway. I’m so dead inside
"I knew this game would be a pivotal point for this season. Will we see an adjustment and improvement on the offence coming off the bye? I think we saw a flash, but not much else. I think it sets the tone for this season and I don’t think this team is where it needs to be on that side of the ball."
YES
BOUT FUCKING TIME!!!!!!
THERE WE GO
THANK YOU. A VERTICAL PASS.
There we fucking go
There we go!!
"Offense had all two weeks to gameplan to do fuck all outside of be a liability. Lamar can't throw today, our wrs are abysmal at best, Romans a hack who draws up his pass plays with half chewed crayons, and the oline is patchwork with our the LT likely out for the season. Fuck"
DUVERNAY!!!!
At least we're not the Titans...?
And now we see Duvernay...
FUCK YES NICE PLAY
I'll take it
Playing five-wide with this line and 2nd & 8... DoNt bLaMe eVEryThInG oN GrEg rOMaN
Holy fucking POPE SHIT
LETS GO
"Jesus, fuck this xfinity ad with the awful cover of Fleetwood Mac's *Go Your Own Way*"
FINALLY
"i can't believe we are down right now, just unbelievable"
Oh my goodness
DUVERNAY
# I BELEE
"Like I said, we should’ve been passing deep all season. We never throw deep"
Just when I feel like giving up they pull me back in is this what it’s like to be in an abusive relationship??
VAMOS!! LETS GO!!!
Now that's what we needed
Making spillane look like jack lambert smh
Defense fighting to keep the game tight reminds me of all the flacco years.
I’ve never heard of Spleen fella before today but I swear he’s the only guy playing for Pitts D today
Fuck these refs
That's the Lamar Jackson we all tuned in to see!
Bullshit flag!!!!
#OF FUCKING COURSE THERES A FLAG
Im telling you Duv is fucking legit
pocket didnt instantly collapse nice
lmfao we finally get a good play from Lamar and the refs take it away of fucking course fuck this game
Are you fucking kidding me
Of course
Someone please beat Skura with a shoe.
That's a hold?
Might as well kick the fg now
Have they had a holding call all day
Please no flag please no flag
Use JK
All the uncalled shit amazing
That’s absolute bs
flag... sigh
FUCKING HOLDING
THAT WASNT A FUCKING HOLD
Hahahahahahaha
DAMN IT
FUCK EVERYTHING.
Such a BS flag my god that just saved the Steelers game
Greg Roman must have published a book this off season on how to read is play calling
That's soft
Wow his hand was there but clearly let.go
SNEAD SORRY FOR TALKING SHIT LOL
SNEAD IV JUST DRAGGIN' A GUY
Sneeeeeeeeed
Steelers defense acting like Lamar can’t throw
Snead has been having a fantastic game
QUESTIONABLE CALL
These damn refs are trying their best to screw the Ravens today!
another soft call by these bitch ass refs
Ref ball gotta love it
Gotta play against the refs too
Phantom calls
SNEADDDDD
BULLSHIT
That was a soft fucking hold
"What, what is this. I'm not using to this feeling in the second half"
Let us go.
LETS FUCKING GÒOOOOOOO
horrible call lol
HORSESHITTT
Prove ‘en wrong offense
What the absolute fuck was that bullshit ass fucking call?!
"Another game, another session of getting done dry in the ass by the fucking zebras.

I fucking hate NFL refs. They are so utterly, incredibly, actively useless."
"lmao pansy soft coverage right there, good job making em pay"
Ravens are  so much better when they play with tempo
Snead getting that game ball. Most relatively underappreciated pickup of the last few years IMO.
Lamar has that look in his eyes guys I think he woke up guys I think he realized he’s the ducking problem too
Lamar getting his confidence back here I hope. Dude has looked so clearly downtrodden most of this year
Damn 39 buy him some dinner first.
Snead is playing with ferocity today
He a got a knee...fuck
It's the consecutive scoring that was making us not gel. Now we will explode and not score every odd quarter
Lamar put a little too much air on that. A little less and that’s a TD
The shin is down that counts
Clear mark where the knee landed
UGHHHHHH
That won’t count
The knee is in. Created a bend in the turf
man that knee was right on the line. how do they judge that in tennis
"Why do they not call that a TD when every TD is reviewed? Call it a TD and then make sure. Not calling it one means you have to waste a challenge, I hate that shit."
Don’t think there is enough to overturn that. If it was called the other way I’d say the same. It’s too close to overturn imo
Think ruling on the field will stand. It’s super close whether the left foot comes down before the right knee
Waste of a challenge
Why do we have to challenge a scoring play
His kneecap literally hit the line. Is that in or out?
Call stands
I’m not seeing the knee touching guys...
"I realy really love that lamar floated that, same with the duvernay throw, the best way to helpnur recievers is to put air under the ball"
No idea. Don't think they'll overturn it.
1 knee=2 feet
I think the knee was out
Not even close at that angle.
BALL DOESNT LIE
Redemption!!
GETS IT AWAY LFG
LET'S GOOOOOOOOO!!!!
With the AB dance lmao
Wait guys might be a flag somehow
LET'S GOOOOOOO
Lets go
Great drive. Defense do your thing.
Lets goooooooo
"Hollywood still got his tittie.  

Y'know that Lamar and Brown were probably talking while waiting and both knew they were gonna try to get that there."
HOLLYWOOODDDD
THERE WE GO.
Fuck em
Instant justice!
That’s for you Hollywood!
HOLLYWOOD BABY!!! DEFENSE YOU'RE UP!!!
BALL DONT FUCKING LIE
BALL DOESN'T LIE
we always got to make it exciting 🙄
He’s back. Lamar looks like Lamar of last year
Are they playing La Marseillaise in the bank?
Side note: we have a chance to break the NFL record for most consecutive games with 20+ points next week against the colts.
Just noticed the gold MO in the endzone. Nice touch.
Oh that atmosphere is awesome
Please keep this intensity Lamar.
"R - A - V - E - N - S 

RAVENS"
It’s gonna be roughing the passer cause refs
If they call roughing I’m going down there and punching a ref
Peters needs to turn his head that's two picks I think he could've had.
YEAH PICK THAT FUCKING FLAG UP!
Finally the refs decide to give us a good call.
Phew
Thank God man. That would have been crazy
They picked up a flag?!?!?   THEY CAN DO THAT?!?!? /s
Titans getting smacked by the Bengals lol
If he got a roughing I am literally going to scream.
"How can you guys not enjoy this game?? It's so good!! 

I love nail biters"
"If it's clear and yella, you got juice there, fella! If it's tangy and brown, you're in cider town!"
I was about to throw something at the tv
That should not be a Roughing
"Based refs, not calling RTP there"
Queen don’t give up on the play wtf
"After seeing the replay, i’m pretty surprised they didn’t call that"
Bonds is straight trash
Bonds just stopped playing? WTF
who even is bonds
bonds is definitely gone after this
Why the fuck did he give up on that play?
There’s a reason he’s on the damn practice squad I guess
Bonds wtf man
38 is getting cut after this game lmao
Get bonds off the field bra
Bonds WTF
Yeah stupid tackle
Release Bonds now
Annndddd.... a facemask.
Bonds again!
Can bonds never play again
WAS THIS BONDS DUDE SIGNED THIS MORNING?
Fuck 38 get him out!
Who the fuck is Bonds?
CLARK WTF
"Whoever this Bonds guy is is fucking awful, needs to be off the team asap for giving up on that play."
Not sure about Terrell Bonds boys
Bonds is not having a great sequence of plays here
It’s Barry bonds
WHO TF IS BONDS. He is getting targeted EVERY PLAY.
How many penalties we got today? As many as philly?
38 is a fucking bum. Who is this guy
Get him off the fucking field.
Bonds looking like ass these last two plays.
Man can we get our defense back ......
Bonds thought it was dropped lol
Wow are we seriously gonna choke on this drive..
"When the games close, we commit a ton of penalties.   Smh"
What was that bonds. He walked away.... hopefully he walks away from the team
I don't even know who this Bonds guy is but he's having a horrendous day
Chuck can't be doing that.
Turns out preseason hero Terrell Bonds needs some more time
Bonds is hurting us
I think the refs get bored sometimes so they just throw flags
Get bonds out of there holy shit.
I like how none of us have heard of bonds but he’s our third CB
WHO IS BONDS??
Jesus even when we get to him he still makes the play.
Looks like Bonds isn't going to last long here
Get bonds out
Bonds stinking it up
Bro....
Get bonds tf outta here rn
"Get him off the field, he gets burned and fucks up"
Man 38 has not looked good on those two plays
"Cut Bonds holy shit. He’s like the anti Melvin, coming in as a no one and fucking us up"
Bowser is doing great in this production in the role of Matthew Judon
Low key - we are getting nice pressure off 4 today
You guys blaming Averett....be careful what you wish for.
Fuck Tomlin but he does like kinda cool
Feels like we get pressure every down and Ben does his bullfighter routine. So annoying
Can we agree that Bonds needs to go back to the practice squad after this week
Why are we fucking giving up on plays before they’re over?
Could we actually get to Ben please
Come on dude let's get a fucking stop
"We have to get home, otherwise Ben will feast"
We gotta stop these penalties they are killing us
Humph almost punched that out
"Lower your shoulder, Marlon. Could have stopped him there."
No fucking way
Here it comes
Refs definitely have money on the Steelers
And again the D melts down with bad penalties
THAT IS OPI
Fuck these refs!
FUCK OFF
Fuck
Defense has looked sloppy this half
Refs are fucking us
That's OPI
fuck my life dude
For fucks sake defense
[Me watching the Steelers slowly drive down the field](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/804/617/d5b.jpg)
what the fuck.
To think the Steelers fans were bitching about us being given a TD earlier. Bet they're real quiet about that now
Getting real sick of all this soft zone shit
"Gave away too many yards on that possession.


Pretty disappointing. Feels like defense never shows up in big games. Red zone defense nonexistent"
Run pass run coming up
We have come back from behind twice in this game already. Let's do it one more time with a soul sucking run pass balance drive that chews all the clock.
Do we trust this offence to go down the field again?
Man our team has been awful with penalties last few games.
"I just want this game to be over, tbh. Hope we run it a ton and then get down to knowing we have 4 downs. Either Lamar and Roman can do it or they can't."
RUN THE GODDAMN BALL
i've got work tonight and i'm pretty sure i'm going to regret waking up for this game at this point
We college now
Wishbone time
Dobbins is so good.
Long slow drive for a score... let’s do this!!
Next time he should truck fitzpatrick
Unleash Dobbins
Feeling like this could be That Drive.
All aboard!!
GUS BUS
THIS DRIVE IS BEAUTIFUL
Our running game looks way better without Ingram.
JK ALL DAY
HONK HONK
God damn dobbins
Dobbins has looked damn good.
"keep running it, they can't stop it"
I think Pitts plan is to just let us run the ball down them in hopes of another drive
"Motherfucker just do what works, how hard is that?"
JK Dobbins 14/111 and counting
Y’all reckon we can get 2 100+ rushers??
JK 😍
Well good news is the Browns pulled a Browns (no disrespect to the Raiders tho)
holy shit i love JK
Dobbins is pretty good
JK should now be the starter.
Oh fuck yes Greg keep going I'm almost there
This is why we drafted dobb
"That toss play getting mighty cute, don’t fumble it"
This drive is where the time of possession pays off
"It’s almost like when we call a run, most times we do good. Weird isn’t it"
"That's like, 6 Injuries from both teams."
Dude Dobbins and Edwards are putting in some serious WORK today
Roman playing Madden..just spamming the same 2 plays lol
I think I see the Ravens trading Justice for a pick in the off-season and drafting another RB. Keep Ingram for one more year but let Dobbins carry the load.
"Friendship ended with Ingram, Dobbins is my new best friend."
Heyward flop to slow down momentum
Tj still desperately trying to hit Lamar
I love ingram but i swear to god if he gets the majority of the snaps next week...
"Brown in the end zone, just do it"
Take your time. Get the TD.
"Just keep running that ball, baby."
Milk this fuckin clock bois
"The story of this game is refs suck, injuries suck, and JK Dobbins is a beast."
Need to kill more clock with the way the refs are playing.
Shouldnt snap the ball with more than 3 seconds on the play clock
So are we gonna give Greg player of the game for actually running the ball when we are down?
Can nobody get open?
GO FOR IT
Damn it
Is there such a thing as the offense moving the ball too well? I think this might be it.
Game probably on the line here.... fingers crossed
They should have run that play before the warning. What the hell are they thinking?
Dobbins gets the ball here.
We got this
God I feel so sick rn we need this shit
truss
I'm calling it.  Either we score on 4th down here or they stop us short and turn over on downs
"Lamar had the whole right side open, why fucking cut inside"
TRUSSSSZ
I can’t take this shit man
"Lamar had two guys in the middle (I think) and he didn’t throw it, he can make those throws but he needs to trust himself to."
Game on the line right here.
"This game, just from a third party perspective, is very good"
"If we kick a field goal we still have to get a defensive stop anyway, of course we're going for it"
Bad Qb play. Bad coaching with time management. We don’t deserve to win
Despite how much I hate this right now this is ravens Steelers football and why this is such a great rivalry
My heart...
Of course it has to come down to the wire...
Awful call
That was such an obvious playcall
Jfc
I haven't even seen what happened yet. Goddamnit
Lmao what was that
nice stumble
Just give andrews a chance to make a play JFC
"Why are we still in empty, fuck roman, titans game all over again. Stop using empty on 4th"
I am so angry at Lamar.
MOTHERFUCKER!
FUCK. To eager to run
If you cannot pass you cannot win big games.
gg
Let's go D. Gotta step up
Now we need Humphrey to go all hulk smash on the ball
What a stupid fucking call.
Why that run though. Far out
Why the hell was the backfield empty??
GOD DAMMIT SKURA
Fuck me damn it
Fuck
Fuuuuuuck
Sigh
Bad play design. Ravens didn’t deserve to win this anyway.
Lol 😂 fuck that BOOOOOOOOOO
Time to fire Roman. Why? Because we should of been running all season and now it shows.
Nice play calling lol
Lol. Why not call a pass if we're in empty? Let him decide if he wants to run after that
"Trash playcalling in that sequence, unreal."
"I need my one punch marlo, my punch out peters, my sacksonvile 2.0. I want it all out"
"That was a shitty play call, on top of it. They didn’t bite down on that play all day. Why run it now?"
Again too many penalties and dumb play calling.
Missing that timeout...
Wish we would have given it to Gus there.
That was a shit play call..
"Why, why the fuck are we wasting all of our talent. We had the game early and just threw it out the window. I don't even look forward to the rest of the season.

These games are the only thing I've had to look forward to and it's like the management isnt taking it seriously."
Why did Roman call that? How about some misdirection or something. They knew the ravens weren’t passing
There goes the division.
It’s not healthy watching this game
Now where’s the random flag
Queen knocked the hell outta him.
why was peters so far away from claypool like the fuck press up close in this situation
Shades of Ray Lewis
"One last time Bois let’s make sure....

#WE PUNCH IT INTO THE ENDZONE"
Wow game not officially over.
Well looks like we got a minute to do something
"Well positives: JK looks awesome, and we ran the ball well."
Hey we have odds lol
"Holy crap we’re still in it.

This could be the moment this team rallies. Let’s go."
"Block this punt please, football gods"
Winning this game would make it go straight in the history books
"Here we go, Lamar has a chance!"
Just don’t run into the kicker going for a block please
Good hands Proche
Block the kick
"How fast can Hollywood Brown run, and how high can he jump?"
These Steelers games always raising my damn heart rate
Take a shot
LMAO this is a hail Mary prayer. GG boys
Best throw of the day by Lamar.
Wtf
This is where Lamar can make a name for comeback kid
Fuck me Andrews keep running that's a catch
Ruuuuun to the line
Fake shit
Come on Fluker
Lol faker
Fake shit
They better add time
These fools got me stress chugging Natty Boh.
This is it ladies and gents
Wow.
THE FORWARD PASS WAS A MISTAKE
Fuck sakes!!
We might. There's hope.
No reason we lost here we shouldve had extra time at the end but that honestly is the least damning issue catching and calming down lamar tightens up and our receivers secure a little better we can run and throw ravens we got this next time be prepared
Why are we blaming Roman? It’s Lamar who has thrown basically three interceptions this game bringing them in it. Activate Dez man!
You guys are all fucking idiots if you think tj did that on purpose.
"Hate to say this but Lamar's currently leading the ""Blame of the Game"" should we lose"
"I seriously can't stand the ""just run it"" stans in here. How about make a fucking pass, Lamar?"
It’d be awesome if we had a receiver. Like any receiver. We’re throwing out WR 3/4’s and expecting Lamar to bail us out every week.
Can someone pull out the rule book for the refs?
Fuck TJ Watt
[removed]
Fire fucking Greg Roman
Can our GODDAMN O LINE PROTECT LAMAR FROM BEHIND PLEASE? JUST BECAUSE THEY GO INTO THE BACK FIELD DOESN'T MEAN YOU HAVE TO STOP BLOCKING THEM. JESUS FUCK.
"Indecisive Lamar is back, it’s gonna be a near impossible game to win."
"Running the fucking ball is killing them, yet Greg keeps going away from it for some fucking unknown reason. 

RUN THE GODDAMN BALL AND WE WIN it's not that fucking hard Roman"
We should be up 14-0 wtf man
Fuck TJ Watt
Well good season guys
"Jesus fuck, that's not a penalty man"
Judon did nothing wrong
Glad this is getting overturned but DAMN LAMAR. What's wrong with you today?
Incoming salty Steelers when he was trying to sell the pass interference
Lamar is fucking awful. Sorry. Has to be said.
"I love Lamar's little, ""Dats on me"" head tap. Of course it is."
Should be 24 to 0. Period. Dumbass play calling that we didn't need to do has down 4 instead.
This offense is legitimately broken. I think Roman needs to go
Can these zebra cunts fuck off?
Get GREG ROMAN THE FUCK OUTTA HERE MAN
"Lamar might've given the steelers 17, but all the rest of their points came courtesy of the referees.. we should've won that game. Not really mad."
"You happy with that run on third and 8, Roman haters?

Fuck me dead would be nice if we could trust our MVP QB to throw a football, but he has not inspired much confidence today."
Inexcusable throw. 2019 Lamar looking like a flash in the pan.
"Take Watts fucking head off, juju to burfict type shit."
"Fuck the refs, fuck the steelers. Should’ve been a blowout if not for the INT’s and bullshit DPI calls. Time for a beer.."
Man after a crazy night of getting no typa action at the club I can’t take a double L in 2 days pls ravens win
So ready for this game! Nice to hear atleast some fans back in the bank!
Buckle in boys I have a chiefs feeling
Welp. Here goes dumbass pass plays.
Someone needs to deck Watt. He’s playing like a twat
"wow, hell of a throw. This mf so inconsistent"
"For everyone that freaks out after 1 sequence in a game, this is what composure is. Try having some"
"""UuUuGgGhHhH iT's GoNnA bE oNe Of ThOsE gAmEs IsN't It""



-No faith havin, good for nothin, doomsdayers"
Bad penalties
So tired of the Claypool hype. Man has one good game and people are getting their dicks out for him
"no, YOU have the ball"
"I understand the complaints about lamar, but let's also do the honest thing and complement the Steelers defense, they aren't slouches."
Can you guys stop bitching about TJ Watt? Jfc. Its football.
"Yall, Watt didn't do that on purpose."
Of course it was Watt. I know that particular one wasn't on purpose....but of course it was him
"Whelp, there go our SB chances"
Fuck the Steelers!
Can’t watch this game. There is going to be more injuries. I rather lose this game than see players go out for a season.
How is it only the start of the second quarter
"Never pass the ball again, I want to see an Army-Navy looking box score"
Steelers tryna KO Lamar FUCK TOMLIN
No helmet to helmet...? And LFG Gus Bus BABY
Fuck imagine if Lamar didn’t have that pick and fumble
It’s not helmet to helmet if Lamar runs BUT they seem to be looking to hit Lamar at every opportunity.
Where are all the haters that were in this thread 5 minutes ago?
Steelers are dirty AF
"Weak af, ref is a pussy."
Dude they REALLY want the Ravens to lose this one
"Goodbye Judon 

Hello Yannick"
These old as officials need to fuck off like. Absolutely trash.
Peters gets way too god damn emotional. Just play the game.
"Like clockwork, Judon is good for one dumbass penalty every game. 

Great personality, awful football IQ."
HIT THAT RAPE HEAD
"Did anyone actually see the Judon thing? He was pulling his arm free from someone else and it caused accidental contact with the referees arm. It was not intentional, it was not flagrant. He just caught the ejection.

The skirmish itself was boneheaded but the referee incident was really shitty refereeing."
Ben dramatically overplaying an injury? Why I’ll be dammed.
Lamar dude fucking he'll man
Gus having a good game.  Hope he's ok.
So they flag that but not the helmet shot to Lamar....ok
TJ watt pumped to do a course of steroids at halftime
Refs trying to hose us again lmao
"Tomlin knows adjustments. He's going to make Lamar pass. Lamar needs to play better. Pitts D will gas out in the fourth because of Time of Possession. 

Let's win this shit!!!!"
Overgrown it wasn’t catchable.
"Lamar looks like shit. Roman needs to go. It's like once we find something that works , we go away from it because we think we are too smart"
Lamar is going to single handedly throw this game.. no pun intended
This game should be 24-0 right now if not for some really fucking dumb mistakes from Lamar
"We need to stop being afraid of letting Lamar run a lot. Yes, it’s a risk but he’s not a top tier QB passing at all"
Lamar looking like a double agent for the steelers rn
Either we cant see on TV but it never seems like we have a receiver wide open like the ravens D sometimes gives up
3 and out. This offense is broken right now
Can we accelerate Dez from the PS? We need ANYTHING on offense receiver wise.
"Turnovers everywhere, 45% completion rate... amazing we're even in this game, honestly.

Lamar has to be better, and they have to give him some help outside. I'm sorry, but Brown and Boykin is not going to cut it in this league."
Are these refs on crack?
Shitted away a lead to the Steelers lost Stanley and I’m already hungover from last night oh yea today is going to suck big time
Lol bro who tf is J Balvin
"We don't game manage anymore. Instead we try to go punch for punch instead of protecting leads and running the ball and here we are. Every fucking week it seems like.

Lamar isn't an elite passer. I would say he is average and his decision making is poor at times.

So either we reel it in and manage games or we end up living by the Westbrook dying by the worstbrook"
Offense is sloppier than a blow job from a woman with no teeth
If you don't have the ball then block wtf Hill?
Of course Lamar is keeping that Hill hasn't done shit this whole season why would anyone think he would get the ball?
"FUCK GREG ROMAN!

ALL MY HOMIES HATE GREG ROMAN!!"
"btw, our streak of scoring in consecutive quarters seems like its coming to an end."
"WE HAVE 190 RUSHING YARDS

OUR O LINE IS DOWN 2 STARTERS

STEELERS LEAD THE NFL IN SACKS

OUR RECEIVERS ARE HORRIBLE 

WHY DO WE KEEP PASSING!?!?!?"
Lamar haters get fucked!
That was a bad throw. Way too much under that. Should have been an easy completion.
Lamar doesn't throw that so high thats a td
"Look at that divot. That's in. It's in by the tiniest margin, but one knee equals two feet."
Hollywood is great but not WR1 great. Having a taller possession guy in that spot would've paid dividends.
HE DID THE AB DANCE
We got our own fans rooting against us fuck the Steelers and the fake ravens
"Lamar's just as much as the reason the Steelers have a chance as he is the reason the Ravens are winning. With this line and lack of receivers, not many Qbs would be doing better."
Defense getting exposed again
Fire Roman right now what a fucking idiot
We win this game with a QB who can throw the ball.
JuSt rUn tHe bAlL!!!!???!!
4th and 3 let's run a gimmick play with Lamar...instead of pound it with Gus who's perfect for the situation. Jesus Christ Roman.
WHY did we go empty? fuckin run power I and get gus in there
still cant win a big game
Great Lamar had another chance to lose the game for the 2nd time this week....
I can't predict plays worth shit and I even knew what was going to happen with only Lamar in the backfield.
"This is ending with a Lamar turnover.

I want to be wrong."
Fuck this offense. It looks as capable as the worst Flacco years.
LMFAO what are these calls.
Hail Mary
Holy fucking shit
Hit on defenseless receiver? Ugh
That's defenseless
FLAG????
oh fuck off Fitzpatrick you clown
Last gasp play and you throw the ball the Willie Fucking Snead?
"I don't want to get political. 

But please don't forget to vote. Please"
I don’t want to see Lamar throw another time today
Our offense is so predictable. Run the ball for fucks sake
[deleted]
This team will be bounced out of the playoffs with the quickness.
The Lamar apologists are revving up the engine
"Lamar is fucking stupid this year when he's looking downfield with pressure. I swear this man doesn't know how to throw a ball away or get rid of it before 3 seconds. He just stands there pump faking and double clutching like a moron and he gets sacked or stripped. I love the guy, but Jesus fucking get rid of it. Everyone sees it coming but him."
Tj watt so fucking dirty. Why does he need to fling himself like that? What the fuck is wrong with these guys?
"I remember when game threads were fun. Memes, jokes, rhymes, funny stuff. Now it's just all complaining. I've become old i guess"
I might’ve lost faith in lamar
"*7-0 with 13 minutes left in the 1st quarter* 

Ravens fans: ITS OVER!!!!!"
You can’t tell me Lamar isn’t bad after this game
That loss is ALL on Lamar. Period.
Fuck trump
Gift
"Judon you fucking idiot! One of the most common sense rules, don't touch the damn ref! Especially don't swing at them when they're trying to break up a fight"
Sheesh Lamar... maybe we were too harsh on Boykin?
Any No Nut November participants in here?
Man I can't stand Roman. Deligate him to just making run plans
"Win or Lose, Roman needs to be gone. It’s been a trend on every team he has been apart of"
Fuck y’all sad ass trolls
I mean we aren’t crazy right? Last year his throwing was actually not bad. What happend to him that he’s unable to throw a decent pass anymore
Get to the fucking line Lamar.
"Usually, I’m proud to be a Ravens fan but you’re all whining like a bunch of little batches today...  the is gonna be a frustrating loss but it’s not enough to abandon Lamar... come on"
Lamar is literally the reason this team has a chance with it's lack of talent and you fans trash him anyway.
"that is a touchdown, these refs can suck my dick and balls"
Is it worth trading our first for buck Allen to supplement our running back core?
Not one throw the entire drive. Those last 4 calls were awful.
If they score I’m sucking my own dick
Faker. Dirty ass trick.
Roman needs to be gone
Did alright to overcome a shit game by Lamar. He even rebounded which was a good sign. Should've won that but it is what it is.
"What makes this worse is we dominated in every phase of the game. 

Unfortunately that includes turnovers and penalties."
17-7 losing 21-17 thanks Lamar
"Fuck tj watt, hitting Lamar late every play. Guys a bitch"
[removed]
[deleted]
TJ Watt fucking reckless goon
"This is what happen when you let dirty players play dirty without consequence, fucking hell"
"""Tj isn't dirty guys he always whips himself around while tackling a QB 10 seconds late!!!!""

https://imgur.com/a/UxOAUdU"
Concerning that Lamar's accuracy has gotten worse this year
Can someone tell me what’s wrong with lamar this year?
Tomlin sus
TJ a bum
"Let's stop this ""Fuck TJ Watt"" BS. It was clearly an accident."
So many cold takes. Maybe this fanbase has some fat we don't need
Pretty crappy throw.
Still a great game.
"Give the ball to Dobbins, don't let Lamar fuck up yet again."
Headhunt watt idc
Can't beat them? Dive at ankles and hit them late every play! What the fuck is tomlin teaching these clowns?
"Yeah Lamar keep tapping your chest, its on you. Yeah it is on you. Looked good in CLE and its been a downward spiral since. Awful bye week preparation vs an elite defense. Hmm rushing is working let's keep throwing."
TJ Watt fuck you u rat bastard!!!!! 🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼
Can someone explain how that was a dirty play by Watt?
Fuck the Steelers
Yo they talking to this Steelers clown about punching the ball out 💀 bruh we got Marlon Humphrey
"This will be a bad day for us. Their D-Line is much better than our O-Line, we will wtruggle to run the ball and lamar will be under pressure all day. Combine that with the weather, i think we lose 24-13."
Bout time Boykin made a play
Duv scores on that 100%
"Looks like it's once again, Lamar vs the entire other teams defense. Gonna be a long game of the defense isn't lights out."
LaMAr cANt rEad DeFEnsE.
Steelers sub thinks that TD was gifted by the refs from that personal foul...bet theyll be crying for calls when we hit Ben on every play and try to roll his legs up🤔
Fuck you refs we'll beat both you and pitts asses don't give a fuck
JFC Lamar...
COME ON LAMAR
That’s on Lamar cmon dude can’t do that shit
DELAY OF GAME
Season over
FUCK THE STEELERS
Figures. Right after we pay him
WHAT ARE THE ODDS. F U WATT
Didn’t look intentional but what a dramatic ass roll that was. smh
That looked like the Prescott injury.
"Full leg cast, thats an ACL FUCK"
More leg diving from Steelers in 3.....2....1...
Our defense will only keep us in games for so long. I don’t know if I expect us to do much anymore on offense for the rest of the season. Maybe EDC has something up his sleeve for Stanley cuz holy fuck this might have cut our season short
Not to dwell on negativity but fuck man that Stanley injury just deflated my energy :(
"Regardless of the outcome, hard to feel like this is anything other than a disaster due to Stanley’s injury"
Watson with the foot fetish
"Dirty ass hit on lamar there too, fucking hate this team"
That was a cheek clapping drive
Where are all u fake Ravens fans cape'n for the Steelers on that helmet shot to Lamar?
God dammit Judon
The ref flopped smh
Definitely not Judon's fault
Peters is a headcase. Looked like he initiated that shit to me.
"Good call refs, Judon playing dumb"
Honestly can Judon get the fuck off this team any sooner
Judon needs to sit for that next week. Idiot
These refs are so fucking soft man
judon you fucking idiot
"I guess you could say he is... Judone


Okay, I'll leave"
My biggest fear is one of our defenders doing something stupid and getting an unsportsmanlike penalty after 3rd down
"Already lost what, 3 players? Also, we had that drive on lock down, what a freaking way to give it to them."
Judon isn’t even worth the comp pick we MIGHT get from him
Damn we seem to be running better with the injuries 😂
"Is Hollywood playing in this game? Lol

Lamar really needs a #1 receiver..."
"Really bad throw, trying to force it. Cannot afford to give them anything. Lamar honestly got super lucky"
Lamar has been doing an elite Geno Smith impression today
What? That's a ghost call?
I feel like we get close enough for 40 yarder and fake it and let Koch throw a TD pass.
"I honestly thought Mandrews was going to make his name as a top 2 TE this season but man, he has been disappointing"
Hall of Fame
I didnt realize you could tackle pass rushers and not get a flag
Got away with one
Got away with one for sure.
Kinda done with Lamar atm not even gonna lie
"Y’al know what time it is ...

Trace Mc - SORLEY

👏🏼👏🏼...👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼

/s"
LJ is single handily bring this team down..
14 points gifted to the Steelers. Lamar can’t read a fucking defense I’m sorry to say it
Slit my fucking throat I hate everything
And after that i have just about enough of Greg I’m sorry boys I am now officially anti Greg lamar gotta throw it away but that playcall shouldn’t even have been fucking called
Wtf starting to not like Lamars attitude
GARBAGE PLAY CALL
Why is everyone blaming Roman because Lamar can’t complete a pass?
Lol Flacco time
"Also, be kind of cool if Yannick could generate a bit of pressure."
Dude I don't even want to watch this anymore it's too much to handle
This Drive is all on Lamar
How’d we get in this position? We had the game on lock! Run the ball and we decided to throw at every attempt. Disappointing
Some weeks Queen looks like a stud and others he looks like he is playing at the high school level
I'm also tired of so many people defending Lamar. He hasn't played well in the last 3 games. Something needs to give.
We can lose the game... but if we lose because we gave up on our run game I'm gonna need Roman to be on the hotseat
Burgerking > McDonald's
Hell of a lot of time left. Gotta go run down their throats
Really glad opening up with a throw right there great stuff smh
Titans are choking vs the bungles which makes me feel a bit better
We have no throwing offetwhat so ever this year. And we should have never traded away Hurst.
At what point does Harbs get on the mic and tell Roman to run the fucking ball?
Oh come on Skura
That’s clearly a touchdown wtf is romo smoking
That's a fucking touchdown
Lamar you floated that a bit much my guy.
His knee is 💯% down!!
Refs owe us this
Bad throw by Lamar tbh
Right knee was in. Clear and obvious.
"Sucks that it was called incomplete. No way these they overturn it, nothing definitive is going to be seen in their replays."
Head Hunt these fuckin refs
Fucking refs give us a break. Please
Cocksucking refs
"C'mon refs, can't come up with a penalty to call that TD back, you bunch of bitches?"
"Ball don’t lie fellas, give it time"
Lmao bitch ass overrated titans
is that dudes last name niggs?
Ok for real though this game is going down in history
Go with Gus
Here's the problem with this 4th down play...Greg Roman gonna call some asanine play.
"Lmao, in that case you can't put the ball in our worst offensive weapon of the day's hands. Give it to JK and it's a guarantee 3 yards..."
That’s a great play by the DT unfortunately
no shot y’all blaming lamar for that
This isn’t over yet...need a stop
Tbh i think we should seriously consider firing Roman
[deleted]
"lamar doesnt wear down the defense, dobbins/bus did. Wish we didnt have 0 rb on the biggest play of the year. Got a chance but I am ready ot be hurt again."
Why did Mark stop there? That’s on 89.
STOP THROWING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FIELD
Lamar has Andrews open
"Fuck it out in RG3 at running back, Duvernay at QB, Lamar at 0L and dobbins as a receiver 

Confuse the fuck out of Pittsburg"
Fuck Heyward. If we don't get time back for this the refs really do have it in for us
"Steeers fan coming in peace. Sorry for the injury, it seems really bad. I’d never wish anything like that to anyone. Sorry :/"
It’s gonna be a long day boys
"as much as i hate you guys, i hope he is okay and atleast come back this season"
Fuck TJ Watt even if it was an accident
Fuck Watt.
"Fuck TJ Watt, nowhere close to making the play"
"If you guys are really this pissy just watch the defense play, there’s not too much for you to whine about on that front"
Jump off a bridge ref
Judons last play as a Raven
Labum Jackson
Lamar ran NFL Spread offense in college idk what the problem is. He can throw so DO IT
can't believe we choked this
"Bad turnovers by the offense.

But the defense can't get the Steelers off the field.   Stop blaming it all on the offense.  Give me a break.  Wide open receivers."
I think we throw it and it goes incomplete or lamar gets sacked.
Refs win them the game
Lamar lost this game.
Lamar does not make comebacks. Get used to it.
Lamar has regressed
WEAR THE MASK YOU PIECE OF SHIT TOMLIN
Fuck living. Fuck these refs.
Wtf is this coaching staff gonna do about this trash reffing against us? What? Do something fuck
Man we handed them that game
The playcalling was (again) total garbage!
TJ having a day don’t see why you think he’s dirty for doing his job
[removed]
Steelers fan coming to say hope Stanely is ok. I love the physical nature of this rivalry but you never wanna see anybody go down like that.
[deleted]
[removed]
We aren't as good as we think.
lets keep passing! makes so much sense since its been working so well all day
And the hay is in the barn
Bonds fucked us that drive
"Lamar was the best player for the Steelers today.

 Fan with their heads to far up their ass to realize Lamar is part of the problem need to go away."
"""Lamar lost the game"" --yeah he did and it sucks but he wins games for us all the time. Joe lost the every other game for us. Still a 5-2 team. I'm confident we'll peak at the right time"
Bring in RG3 and run something wild.
Throw TJ Watt out of the league!
It’s okay TJ you’ll never be JJ
"Jesus this sub is toxic, you all seem to forget the Steelers have a team too, right?"
All you Judon apologists can lick my balls
"Man y’all complain after a game with advertsity, it’s like y’all expect things to go smoothly. Bounce back is coming back strong for lamar"
Let’s get it
LETS F U C K I N G GOOOOOOO
Is dez playing or nah?
"Whoever made the steelers uniforms look pink in these highlight play videos, I appreciate you"
Alright bois whatever happens have some truzzz
Hoping for no bye week rust. Let’s start of strong the second half of the season!!
Dez in the owner box?
Chris Moore will be out there on the kickoff.
Decent run. I'll take that vs the Steelers
LET'S GO RAVENS
tf
Fucking screens ffs
"On one hand, I wish he caught that, on another, that could've been a loss of yards..."
Damn that was a violent hit
Ofc Duvernay drops that
Another Roman screen 😂
Already...
Mother of God.
A bit high but you gotta catch that. Rain or not.
FUCK ME
Wow...Are you serious?
Wow.
Oh fuck no. OH FUCK NO.
What the fuck man
What the fuck
Yo Lamar just changed the play I have never seen that
God damn it
FUCKKK
Lol
Well that's a hell of a way to start.
Fuck
Just ugh
fuck
Shit play call on that screen
Yikes
Motherfucking fuck fuck
Damn
Was never there....
Ooph.
Well fuck.
Hate hate hate those shitty screens
WTF
Shit
I think I'm good
goddamnit...
Fuck
WHAT WAY TO START THE GAME
Does anybody know where John Har got his mask?
Yikes
Got damn it
Go figure
lol what a fucking shit start.
"If I jump from my favorite team now, everyone is gonna call me a wagoner. So, I need to wait until you're like 7-9 or 8-8."
Fuck
"Time to bounce back, Lamar"
Not a great start goddamnit
"Risky pass, but completed"
"Fucking terrible throw, terrible play calling"
Boykin sees Dez up in the box
Pick six already gonna be a great game
That's a good throw
Shouts out Boykin
The offense looks like they don't even want to be there today. Total lack of energy
THATS TWO FUCKING RTP. Call that shit!
Strategy here is to keep the ball out of Fat Ben’s hands. Smart.
Jesus christ Lamar. Now he hesitates and barely makes it to the LOS.
Garbage drive so far
We gotta send Orlando Brown some help
3 fucking guys right on top of that run.
Late hit city. Why is watt allowed to dive at his knees? He handed it off
Thanks Minkah!
Jesus christ
That's  not a foul at all but I'll take it
Can't get out of our own way
Bruh wtf
Stream quality is some ass so far SOS
I would think after a bye week we would've fixed the formation issues
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH THE FORMATIONS???
Guy has best porno stache.
Let’s fuckin goooooo
Lmao Snead so slow
"Love seeing willie get involved, he's underused as fuck in this offense imo"
"You gotta be kidding me, more formation penalties?"
Clowns should have declined that penalty
Drop counter: 2
WILLIE
Fuck yeah willie!
Really sick of these second down runs. We're gaining 4-5 on each first down run. Get some chunk yards
Are we coaching our guys as far back as possible to make up for lack of production on the line?
Boom!!!
I’VE GOT A NEED IV SNEAD
My stream keeps cutting out fuck this wind
The side-arm delivers!!!
...
Wtf was that?
SNEAD LETS GO I SEE YOU
What was he doing?
wtf
Roman?????????
Huh
God damnit Tyre.
wtf kinda blocking was that? xD
Um didn’t we trail against the 49ers?
There we go!
Roman? ROMAN? Call some real goal line plays
Holy shit what a play
Fuck the Steelers
WHAT A THROW
LETS GO
91 is getting fucking tired of that shit  boy
Let's GO!!!
Boykin there you go baby!
Leggo Boykin stepping it up!
Boykin with the hands!!
Boykin showed up today LFG
"Folks be shitting on Boykin, but that was nice."
LETS GOO
Embarrassing
AYY
Let’s gooooo!! Lamars feeling it now
LET'S GO BOYKIN
Thank you Jesus
Nice throw
"i think we need to use our TEs to bump the ends,might help a bit, thoughts?"
Boykin was benched no Boykin pick 6 he comes 2 for 20 and a td
Was that really a LB on a WR? he should have been more open than that
Wow
aight panic mode slightly decreased
Excited to finally see Boykin being using
"Thank God we have Romo as the commentator, praising his throwing instincts"
WHO THE FUCK AINT ACCURATE? THATS LAMAR MUTHAFUCKIN JACKSON BOY
thank god! we needed that throw
BURD UP
Lets see what our D can do baby
Glad to see the obvious block in the back called
"That was a text book run stopping play.  Everytime he went to go up field, we cut the hole."
"Hell yea Romo, tell the people what's what about Ben...as little as possible"
Ebron almost ended himself
Bring pressure.
Dude was stumbling forever
Come on bro
Flag???
Dude now THAT was a bullshit call
Really soft.
Barely a grab
Literally go fuck yourself
HOW IS THAT PI
Can't do that
Come on man
What? That ball was out of bounds by a mile you fucking idiot
Nonexistent PI
Bullshit call
Ducking actual terrible call
no bueno
OMG
At least Ben is getting pressured on these throws.
PICK UP THE BALL
We better get that
Refs bailing out shitty offense.
HAHAHAHA
YES
Steeler refs
CLAYPOOL MORE LIKE CLOLPOOL
BALL DONT LIE
Juiceman Punch lets go
Peter's had and then lost it wtf
BULLSHIT CALL
You totally redeem yourself!!!!
My dog!!!!!!!!
Fuck yeahhhhh
YESS
Peters learning from Hump!
"What happened, I reloaded my stream, and our guys are pointing like we have it."
"Damn, this game is already a rollercoaster"
You love to see a guy take responsibility. The juice is loose baby
punched OUTUUTUTUTUTUT
We’re a FF machine. I love it.
What a bunch of losers peters has that WRs number
"Damn laggy stream, it’s 7-7 but how did we get here?"
that was juicy
Welp
who's hurt
"Fuck, can't be taking more losses at o-line. EDIT: but maybe we can see how Fluker does now."
For fucks sake
I just turned the game on what the fuck is going on
Good running.
Dobbins!!!! WOOOOOOOO!!!
Good shit Dobbins
Was that the refs fault?
Dobbins look so much like Rice wearing #27 lol
LETS GO ROOK
#JK
ooo this is giving me 2019 vibes
LETS GO JK ALL DAY
I like this RB 27 2.0 guy
Fuck them Steelers! Trash organization
Needed 3 but we'll take the extra!
Chiefs fan here to say FUCK THE STEELERS. GOOOO PURPLE BIRDS!! 💜💜💜
"Sorry Mark, but Dobbins gonna have your spot next season"
Jk ain't messing around
"""The Steelers are going to blitz right here"" JK: Fuck Yoooooooou"
We. Just. Need. To. Run.
Oh yes. Here we go.
STOP HESITATING
Andrew's owned that man!!!
God fucking dammit dude
Bro wtf
UNLEASH THE ROOKIES!!!!
Ray Rice 2.0 FUCKING CONFIRMED
That boyle block was so niceeeeee
Y tf we running the Pete Carrol?
"Dobbins and a hand on the ground, name a more iconic duo"
...
I can't live through too much more of this.
Come tf on Lamar
damn
Very ugly
Its just getting stupid the amount of shit playcalling that is happening
How quick do we sacrifice Roman for a run on 3ed and 11
Thanks defense!
LET'S FUCKING GO.
HOLD ON TO THE BALL NOW PLEASE
RUN THE DAMN BALL!!!
We need to be more disciplined
can someone share a link to stream this game?
Gus is so good
Why did we decide to let Lamar change the play now?
Why are we forcing end zone passes into tight coverage when JK and Gus are getting 3-4 yards a carry. Let them punch it in or at least try and throw a quick slant
Lol what the fuck was that spin. Not an issue just why lol
No one open downfield.. what’s new
Oh no
Welp this is just horrible
#OMG NO WTFFFFF
Like butter
Fuck dude
Oh Jesus christ
please god no Stanley
Way to be decisive Lamar!
NO
FUUUUCK
He could have kept going too lol
Oh great. .... Just fucking great
FUCKKK
no :(
Crap.
Holy fuck ronnie stanley is hurt bad
Fucking hell
FUCK NOT STANLEY OH FUCK
Not good with all these injuries piling up.
FUCK
Who's backing him up??
Of course
No. Fucking. Way.
WTF HAPPENED TO HIS KNEE
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK
Gonna need to call this game jesus neither team is gonna make it out alive
Welp
stanley...
Run the f’in ball
jesus christ
*no*
"Fuck my fucking life, please no"
smfh
Fuck ronnie damnit
Fuck!!
Pain
Of course it was fucking Watt wtf man
NOOOOOO
Fuck everything
Well there goes any real chance of contending this season
Damn
:(
Please don't be serious please don't be serious
Time to fucking drink
Hopefully it’s not serious and he’s able to recover quickly
Well. That fucking sucks.
Damn :(
Looks bad guys ngl.
It’s just not happening for us. The line isn’t great as it is.
fuuuck. it looks like an ankle injury. better than a knee.
GDI
Fuck fuck fuck
:(((
"Damn, mekari got blown up"
"Fuck guys, hate to see that on a freak accident."
"Well that’s a broken ankle, huh?"
"another cursed contract extension

what the fuck man"
Jesus Christ that looked awful
Oh bubba no
FUCK FUCK FUCK
Fuck
fuck
Fuck
This is a reminder why I ALWAYS SAY INVEST IN BOTH LINES.
Late to the game gl ravens fans.
Can’t catch a break man
Gotta try and beat a top ranked D with a back O line now
Ravens gotta have a te and rb to help block don’t trust this ol
Looks bad. Prayers for Ronnie Stanley 🙏🏾
Fuckity fuckfuck.
Fucking side arm shit again
What's my man doing out there
Don't make that throw ffs
Try and pin them deep again.  Its gonna be back an forth awhile.  Thats ok.
Lamar I know you’re under pressure but wtf man. Can’t throw that
Isn't that RTP? Looked like Watt went low and hit his legs
"Well guys, we’re back to being a defensive led team."
Take the fucking sack. Holy shit.
COME ON RAVENS
We gonna give up running the ball now that Stanley is done? Need to use their aggressive rush against them
Hopefully the other offensive linemen step up
Defensive game like the good ole days
so are we looking to add a lineman this week? who's out there?
Man these injuries are just gonna hand the game to the Steelers
This game is brutal. My heart cannot handle this
"Time for another orange crush. We got this, their offense can’t hang with our defense. Let’s goooo!!!!"
Dunkin is Patriot's coffee.
“NuMbr OnE rUdH DeFeNse”
Y'all clamouring for Dobbins but you fell asleep on the Gus Bus
Let Gus Roll
Wouldn’t be too upset if Roman got a head coaching job this summer
Pound the rock!
The bus.
"pittsburgh is fucking garbage from what I've seen,
how are they 6-0"
Keep running this ball
RUN THE FUCKING BALL FFS
I love the bus
Run run run
DOBBYYYY ISSSS FREEEEEE
"Keep fucking that chicken, they can't stop it"
Incoming play action and sack lmao
Pound that shit.
JK
Feed that man. He's only been stopped one time
"Roman trying to be cute is the only reason we lose games, just run the ball you tool"
Run it again.
Jk FIGHTING for those 3
Fluker is a road grater. Probably don’t lose much from him coming in on that front
Run the ball!!!
Keep this run game going
All of our runs with Gus and Jk have been so effective just commit to it defense is getting the job doneeeeeeee fuck the pass
"lmao kick the field goal now

(jk)"
Lemme get a sack pls
THERES THE LLAMA I KNOW
"Came late, have we been running like this all game?"
And RUN IT AGAIN!
They can't stop our run game!!
YES
Run run run run
We can run? Like this? With a broken oline? Hopeful
Well look at that.. going to a heavy run game and the offense is moving right along
Setting up the run game for play action?
Ruuuuuuun
"I’m having trouble seeing on my crappy stream- who’s playing at line now, in which spots?"
Does anyone know if they’ll be selling tickets for the game against the Cowboys?
🦙🦙🦙
Doing what we should have done against Kansas City
Greg Roman all of a sudden: wow this whole running thing really works
Like DJ Khalid says .. and another run! And another run!
JK is a fucking laser beam
Run to set up the pass. This is what we needed
Apparently our only extra guard is Ben Powers right now.
Lamar should have 5-7 designed runs a game. Even if a few aren’t successful. You have to make defenses account for it. Pocket Lamar doesn’t do that.
Really dont need to run up the middle like that jeez
Pound it in
"Wow, Lamar lived through that stop."
O-line is actually still intact.
Fuck that hurt just watching
Andrew’s needs to play with more intensity and stop jogging his routes
Easy
let's go!
Right in The fucking head too.
"Picked up Gus in fantasy 5 minutes before the game started, made a good decision 😁"
No helmet to helmet call ...okay..checks out
The balls on Lamar
Gus will literally hammer this shitty overrated D Line into pebbles if Roman let's him.
The wheels on the bus go mf round !
Surely helmet to helmet!
Trash ass defense. Get fucked.
Does anyone know what the record is for consecutive quarters scoring points?
The retro logo hand warmer 🔥🔥
Gus deserved that TD.  LETS GOOOOO
"Fuck the doom and gloom, this team can win"
So many people over reacting to a rough start by Lamar.
Gus is having a great day today
Lamar needs to protect himself!
So why does pretty much every coach stand on the sideline but Roman sits up somewhere else. Is that normal for offensive coordinators?
Pick 6 incoming
Did you just see a duck flying?  Lmao
They not even trying Humphrey
"Look, even if we dont win- and it’s anyone’s game RN- at least we are playing solid football."
There's been a couple times this year if Marcus looks he has a pick
Did y’all see Judon dumbass hop inside on that run
"fast boi, getting past us"
Steelers got some bounty shit going on it seems like
Judon is so bad at edge. He bites on motion and screens constantly
Pernell McPhee locked that run down
This ain't going to be good
He literally put his hands in his facemask...
cmon...
Did someone tell Judon that his body was not built by taco bell?
Judon is going to get ejected....
Not mad at that fight
There’s a definite face mask there by Steelers let’s not discount that please refs
Welp
Judon you fucking moron
BRUH judon
They can’t make stupid penalty to keep drives along. Damn
Bruh why
So much for being able to rush 4. Damnit Judon.
",,,,,,,"
Big Money Judon
Judon wow
Maybe he’ll learn.
Judon should be ejected for that.
Maybe this is god wanting us to get a preview
Damn Judon. You idiot
How do you do that
Judon last season for sure lol
Just not a good day
"My lord. Judon most be so mad, seeing himself screw up his boom or bust year"
Let Judon ass walk. Dodo bird.
Dumbass Judon fucking up our whole D effort
That’s horrible. I’d rather cut him and lose games than have him on the team. We have a culture.
Soft
fucking hell
Back that ass up
We've gotta fleas someone with a Judon trade
"On the positive, I wonder if we can get some solid OL help in exchange for Judon."
Get them off the fucking field.
Calais how TF do you do this lol
JOKER
LETS GOOOO
JOKER!!!!
🃏 🃏
Mannnnn
Need to score here. Steelers get the ball to start the third. Make Pittsburgh’s incompetence hurt
Steelers shitting their pants right now.
Fuck what happen why judon get sent out??
2 minute drill lets go.
LETS FUCKING GO. CROW BOYS UNITE
Ben’s elbow acting up?
"I think you have to hand out 15 there, kind of like high sticking in hockey - it's up to you to control where it goes. That said I think a DQ needs to be off the table there it's clearly incidental."
Does Yannick just take the place of Judon?
Was that Chris Board's best play as a Raven?
One foot to the left and Gus would’ve broken that open.
Fuck if Dobbins jumped to the right on that play he might be gone
All this talk all season about the steelers elite d line. Love that we're running it down their fucking throats
Whos Pittsburgh’s backup?
Our defense and run game can carry us as sad as it is to think about I can’t even fathom it and it’s reality we might be contenders and have life after Stanley
Lamar tryin to kill my heart with this first down fumble thing.
I just wanna ask who's at RG now cause last I checked Phillips got hurt
My heart
Y'all remember that robot chicken fumbles joke? Lamar's nickname this 1st half.
"I really want a touch down this drive, but I'll take a FG."
TJ watt can’t stop being handsy with Lamar. Can’t tell if he’s being a scumbag or fancies him
not again man
Fuck
Pain
Not a catch
Lamar lucky...
Wait
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Lamar is trying to lose this game.
Thank god.
Lamar man he’s gotta be careful
NO CATCH
He’s killing me this game
"Ravens are still sloppy like they were before the bye week, which is concerning.  With what has gone wrong so far, I'm happy that we're even still in it, much less leading and driving."
God fucking damn it
Wow dude
Oh good Christ. Another pick lol. That was just an awful pass too. Way behind Boykin he never had a chance
Please come back but got damn Lamar stop it
No control
Damn hope that gets overturned. FUck
"Idg it

We’re running so well but decide to throw there"
FUUUXK GODDAMIT
Dumb play by Lamar. But our receivers dont have a fucking clue of how to come back to the ball or to settle down in between zones.
Boykin had his couple plays stop throwing to him now you know you're not on the same page.
Thats no INT but neither was Devin bush last year so we will see
GOD DAMN GREG WHY ARE WE FUCKING THROWING?!?!
of course!
"That was an in cutting route, no excuse for LJ there"
Fuck man props to the players for fighting hard despite all
"set up for an FG, get some more yards."
"Is it me, or is this like the third time our ball carrier has run into their own man? (Lamar twice, Gus once)"
Brown Jr. caught a fucking body lmaooooo
Orlando crushed that pull.
I think Lamar is trying too hard this year.  Not playing with the same confidence and swag he had last year at all.
"Look how good this team is when we run the ball.

It’s ok to be a running team, Roman."
Opi
Still didn’t fix the illegal shifts over the bye ? LOL
Keep pounding this chicken
Let's get some points up before half boys! LEGGO!!!
Hustle up boys come on
Too much talent on the field for them to lose.
Pretenders the lot of them.
Like we never had ingram lol
See Lamar? Throwing it away is not so bad xD
Turnnnn uppp
Bad throw
Boswell got scared for nothing after that pass towards the sideline
Just don’t turn it over
"Andrews doesn't slip I think it's a catch, spot wasn't that bad."
"Fucking wasted two downs, should be 17-7"
Bad spot
Go for it
Sheesh
Why call time
Cleveland and Ten both look bad today. We need to win this.
That’s a waste of a time out.  21 seconds is plenty of time to get up and run another play.  Should have one ready to go when running the 2 minute offense anyway
Dobbins is a dog
GOAT TIME!
What the hell was that
Holy shot wtf happened lol
I don’t like not taking a shot there little conservative
Dobbins is a fucking TRAIN
Jesus fuck mini heart attack there lmao
Harms mask moving makes him.look like a duck
Easy money
Tuck is to smooth it
Dobbins is the GOAT.
I'm all about a 17-7 lead at the half. Making the Steelers offense look like chumps.
"GET FUCKED ROMO, TUCKER THE GOAT"
Super heads up play
GOAT (Tucker) doing GOAT things!
"Way to fight back, Heart Attack Jackson!"
Who gets ball at half?
I just tuned in*. Can anyone fill me in?
JK Dobbins is going to wally pipp Ingram in the second half write it down
Whew!
Maybe I missed it but has there been any update on Gus? Is he injured?
"It's very surprising to see that every time the Steelers run or catch a ball, they protect the ball over anything else.

It's nice to see that our defense instills that much fear that they'll give up yards to try to secure the ball better."
Is nantz from pittsburgh?
LMAO where was queen
Who’s #38?
I feel like they didn't have enough guys on the line there either
Nice play Bowser!
Great play!
Bowser stepping tf up you say
Nice throw ben
Good shit
#BIG JIMMY!!!
NO FLAG
Why was Queen on JuJu?!
Punt bitch
Jimmy lol
Jimmy wrapped that dudes arm up😆
Refs cant seem to tell where the ball is going out on those punts
"Great job D, we need points now"
Flop
Let’s get a long 6-8 minute drive with a TD here. Good classic lean on you football
Time to see how their defense has adjusted to us running down their throats.
"Probably could have been a hold, PI I dont think so bc it was unwatchable, but that first grab could have been called. 

Jimmy knows exactly how much he can get away with without a flag though"
Wtf man
Just take the ball and put it on the ground.
Jesus fuck
What the fuck is he doing?!
Fucking shit run the fucking ball
You got to be kidding....
Is that 3 picks and a fumble or 2?
"I mean, that's gonna happen when every other pass has been interceptable today. Jeez."
That is a fucking TERRIBLE play
No!!!
Are you HIGH?
WHY
Poor defense
Absolutely atrocious
Holy shit galaxy brain calling and decision making is back baby !
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
What Are You Doing?
This team is going to cause my alcoholism
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
He is staring at his receiver the whole way.
Well fuck us I guess
Jesus christ.   Why the fuck.
What the fuck.
 WHY THROW THAT BALL MAN
god fucking damn it
That’s heartbreaking
What a QB!
Wow great start guys
It's inevitable when you fuck up so bad on offense
Fuck me
"&#x200B;

Well, that escalated quickly"
"Fuck, Lamar. Get it together"
Why do we make everything hard. We gave them everything today
G R E A T
Fuck. Least we still have 3 pt lead. We need another TD now though
I think that was queen out of his zone
what the fuck
That was a careless pass...
Run the damn ball
What are we doing here??
Fucking hell.
Wtf is going on
"Well that's two defensive fuckups since we came out of the locker. Can't lose focus. 

We are still in good shape, we've shown we can shake off the pick. Let's do it again."
3 turnovers in a Game wow..
Tomlin took so long to discuss that to give his D more rest DUH
I know he dropped that screen early.....but I'm still fucking loving Duvernay
Ugh
Fucking come on
finished.
Chris Moore citing
Fucking hell
Offense is very fortunate that the D has shut down Roethliesburger. Take away the short fields and the score would be 17-0
Isn't it crazy how this game has been but ppl just chill shaking hands. Like brown and juju on the sidelines too
No way
Phishing
Gonna lose the lead here.
Oh no we're talking about pass interference?
Really
About time
Super holding there.
Nice play Ferguson
We can’t stop them at all now
great
Holding #78
Fergy 😍
Fuck this shit
Fuck this
Fts
D made Big Ben look like a HoF’er. I mean he probably is already but still
Yikes
All momentum has swung to the steelers
So... what are ya'll drinking lol.
"it isnt fucking christman, please stop gifting them"
"PLEASE. WAKE THE FUCK UP OFFENSE. 

PLEASE"
"All right, time to set the tone like in the 1st half. Come on boys!"
"Great exactly what u need, a Mayfield ad"
Man I mean I'm not even surprised. You keep giving the ball back to a semi-competent offense and they're going to start putting points up. This is on Lamar
We need some better set up pass plays man this is just laughable
Was fucking Dean Pees calling the defense
DO NOT FUCK THIS UP. COME ON
Alright boys.  Time to pull out a signature win.
"Get Lamar into a flow screens, slants, etc. Rocket science I know."
This is getting ridiculous
We need a drive Lamar. No 3 and out. And definitely no turnover. No excuses man come on. Do better. This is a pathetic performance
Can no one get open? Lamar has all the time in the world but is never able to pass before he has to just run it for something.
Lamar is the anti mvp this year. Have defenses just figured him out or is it something else? Passes are off and he is hesitant to run
Lamar completely changes his base and blocks half the field. Dobbins was open for 7-8 yards
I died for a second there...
That’s so lucky
Stop fucking dropping back
FUCKIN A!!
BALL CONTROL
This game is going to give me a heart attack.
"Lamar with the incredible sidearm but JFC Andrews, hold onto the ball. Heart attack."
That was a fine play to Andrews but we literally can’t execute an aerial offense on schedule
Skura powned
stop holding onto the ball!!!!!!
Wasted down. We keep doing this. LMAO
Can we fire Roman??
Impressive
Loved that run attempt
Can we replay the last 7 minutes
What a read
Playing like its a downpour.    Jesus this is frustrating
"Our line makes me so sad, skura is absolute cheeks."
This was shit.
Hey we got a first down that drive
Nobody even thought of touching him
Play action on 3rd and 8? WTF are we doing?
If we could have just moved it to field goal territory.
Feels like the 2010 divisional
"Wait, why was hill in?"
Defense please step up we need the offense bailed out
[me this entire game](https://i.imgur.com/OSYTnb0.jpg)
Need the D to come up big here.
"is it a over reaction to fire the OC coming off this poorly prepared vs a defense that we should know well. No accountability, severe step back for Lamar and play calling. We go get a possession receiver in Boykin, hardly used in two years. Go get another fast play maker in Duvernay, have speedster Hollywood and cant even give them a chance. AJ Brown and Fulgam??? had 300 yards total. Cobb 100 yards. Where is our passing game? ah tahts right we cant throw."
Wtf is that playcall??? Playing scared or something
I don’t understand why we don’t run short pass plays to get the offense going. Our WRs don’t extend plays just stand there waiting for the ball. Lamar has apparently lost his high Football IQ. The play calling is completely archaic and pathetic. The O-line is pathetic even at full health. Like wtf???
"I’m more concerned with the fact that when we do pass the ball on early downs, which makes it easier on the offense, we can’t do shit. If I’m EDC I’m calling every team for a receiver. But then again, this doesn’t look like our year and we need a LT now, so not sure mid season trade is right."
Pick or strip sack common
Another thing Is our absent pass rush yet again
Alright good stop
Big
Nice job D
Defence really trying to win this game
Keep us in it D.
Alright let's reset
"Short field, we need a score."
Thank fuck
"Need a score on their drive

Otherwise, this could get ugly"
Good field position.   Good time to run the ball but watch....
"Great field position, again. Let's see if Lamar can do literally anything positive."
"We needed a drive starting at midfield. We need to run, hold onto the ball. Hopefully come away with 7, but at least get 3. No more turnovers."
Defense looked so dialed in today.
run. the. ball.
Please offense do something
This is why you can’t just run.
Wow. The Steelers really are scared of our secondary and defense 😂😈
let's turn it around
Again a waste.
They have LJ figured out. Steelers games are gonna be rough for our guy.
I dont care who wins at this point its 3:40 and it isnt even the 4th quarter yet let the game move along this is ridiculous
Honestly has Lamar thrown the ball away under pressure this game?
Bring in Dez Bryant next week.
We need to do a better job on offense. Whatever we have is not working.
I really hope Ronnie is okay or our O-line will be even more messed up....
DUVVVVVV
WE WENT DOWNFIELD!
Should have been a TD.
Oh look we are allowed to go deep?
Fuck yeaaaaa!!!!!!!
#DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUV
"The protection wasn't great but can Lamar not just crumble and take endless sacks? He doesn't even need to fucking run, just get out and throw it away or throw in the area of someone. He's playing like I'm fucking playing quarterback and not one of.the most athletic guys in the league."
Pretty much the whole year except the browns game the offense has ranged from unimpressive to downright bad. This is extremely concerning.
Why aren’t we running the fucking football?!? We overreact to the other team having a lead like pussies. I simply don’t understand it.
OKAY OKAY
Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuv
Beautiful fucking throw
A DIME TO DUV
The corners are gonna have to force a fumble at the Steelers own 20 yard line for us to even have a chance to score now. Lovely
Great throw great catch. Let’s go.
Let’s hope that changes the momentum of the game
Signs of life!?
Duuuuuuuuuuu
DUVERNAYYYYY
LaMAr ShoUlDn'T ThRow.
Wtf was that?!
Let's fuckin go man!! We needed that
DUV
That’s the type of big play we need
More playing time for Duvernay please I fucking love this kid
DUVERNAY. YESSS
Coming back
Oh look Duvernay does something with his chances
FINALLLY
Okay yeah my stream is definitely on a lag.... I’m guessing we actually moved the chains
Coming back
DUVERNAY
A better throw and he can catch and run
That boy fast
YESSSSSS! Literally been waiting since week 1 for another play like that!!!!!
"Obviously we can’t really see if anyone is open or getting any type of separation, buts Lamar does indeed have enough time to make quick decisions and throw but he’s hesitating. Idk if that’s because of above or he’s a bit gun shy now. He hasn’t dropped back and confidently thrown a ball all game. Even the completions he’s hesitated before throwing."
Fuuuuuck no holding
Duvernay is the only offensive player im happy with this year (except for Stanley 😞)
"When's someone's open, LAMAR CAN SUDDENLY THROW?!?!????"
Dude fuck everything
OF COURSE A HOLD!
Hope that quiets some down on here for a while
Holding
Offf course it came back
#GOD FUCKING DAMMIT SKURA
WHHHHYYYYY
"I'd like some misdirection in the run game please, steelers are just flowing with it"
Nice rob us
Like even when Watt is 2nd level he STILL makes a TFL.
Of course the o line fucks up again
FUCK THE REFS
Really.
SKURA I SWEAR TO GOD
FUCK
Are you kidding me
That's like our second deep bomb this season
Thats gonna be on us
Nice refs
Holy shit!  A receiver got open down field!
Don’t you dare take that mfer out of the game ever again
"FFs refs, screw you..."
God DAMNIT.
Wow.
DUV NEEDS TO BE #1
Skura is gaaaaarbagggeee
GET'EM LLAMA
We’re our own worst enemy
BULLSHIT CALL
WILLIE FUCKING SNEAD
Snead has been a beast this game.
I wanna see us play pissed. Get this shit
Ugh
Ok now let’s get some redemption and let Lamar run it in
All my homies hate the Refs
Snead with the YAC!!!
I swear Snead never does anything but when he does it’s big
Snead just ubered minkah
Good!
Nice fucking play willie. Get those yards back
"WILLIE SNEAD WAS ASKED HOW DOES HE FEEL? 

HE SAID MMMMM IM FEELIN DANGEROUS"
Fuck man. Lamar needed that confidence boost of a td
FFS Lamar makes a great play and Skura holds
lol what a weak call
"Refs can't help but stay involved.

Announcers are cowards for not calling that shit weak."
 That’s the tickets tackiest hold iver ever seem. Every play is a damn hold then.
Lamar finnally looking like lamar
"Fuck you refs, we'll score again anyway"
Greg Roman fucking sucks man
Lord
Ok now again
I could make that read
Out of bounds :(
Too small.
Ball dont lie
That’s close but I think he’s out
Maybe he has possession early while that left toe is still down...?
Knees down TD
"Did anyone see the catch review in the Dolphins game?

""Shin was down""

Why doesn't that apply here?"
The knee?
*bites nails*
"Lamar threw it too high, prolly thought WTF??? Seeing him that open lol"
It’s in the shins
Hmmm I think we scored with that right knee.
So damn close
This happened with refs last year too man fuck this shit
I still like the challenge even if it changes
They should give it to us for that bogus hold
Jesus this dear best buy ad is creepy af
Right foot and right knee went down before he rolled out of bounds
Maybe the refs give us one back for the horsehit hold and DPI earlier but probably not
"Knee was half in I think honestly. I think half hits the purple, half hits the white.

Funny enough, I'm actually writing an article right now on how the review process could be made better in football."
"Was he in control of the ball before his knee went down? I say he's in, but I'm biased."
They're not going to overturn it off but his right knee was down in the endzone
Top of his shoe hit
Call stands. Not a TD.
Barely tapped with the tip of his shoe
The shin looks to touch before the knee... but that's being generous.
"&#x200B;

Call Stands :/"
Call stands
Right call. Bad challenge by Harbaugh
I'm a little pissed they didn't rule it a TD on the field and let it be automatically reviewed. That's the shit I would hope for
Yessir
LETS GO!
There ya go!
I take back what I said fuck yeah
"Hate to say it but that throw wasn't good enough. Hollywood was open and the pass led him way too much.

Rodgers or Mahomes drops that in the basket for an easy catch."
I’m okay if they just try to run in it these next few downs. W or L. Don’t pull a Pete Carroll.
We will not be denied!!!!
Jesus thank fuck
Hollywood be like “HAPPY NOW LOSERS?”!!!!
Ok I’ll give Roman a pass on this drive that was some good play calling in the red zone
Why oh why can't Llama be this tidy on more passes?
I live to see the refs try call that back
FUCK AROUND AND TRY HE’LL DO IT AGAIN ANYWAY
LETSG OOOOOGOGOGOGOGOGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Fuck em baby
Let’s fucking go. Lamar is looking more confident this drive that’s what we need
Yessssss
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
"Thanks for showing up, guys. Massive drive."
"Wait guys I’m new to football, the play they reviewed, when he caught the ball his foot was in... why don’t they check the foot just the knee cuz you pleas explain?"
Fuck the Steelers!
Bengals defense is lowkey not that bad this yr tbh
Takeaway
"Great drive. Kinda bad throw on the first TD catch, but he was DECISIVE this drive. Looking great"
Of course Ben gets the flag
Fuck off refs holy fuck dude
Late hit McPhee
I believe we can win this!!!
I’m so done with these refs fr
They can not call that roughing the passer
The Bank would be rocking if the stands were full
Time for a big turnover
He fell into STFU ROMO again
Good job ref for picking up the flag. Good job .
Claypool so damn good he almost got that
Good shit refs pick that flag up
Why would Bowser come in there when Ben is already tied up?
Bonds straight gave up lol
Peters playing huge since that first penalty
What was Bonds doing after that catch
Why is bonds getting so much time
big relief
38 was like wot?
Get 38 out of the game.
Gotta finish the tackle
What the fuck is Bonds doing
"Holy shit, the refs got one right!"
"Thank you. If Lamar can keep taking shots, so can he"
What was Bonds doing?
"Rumor says Real Fan Dan been camping in the Bank since last season, so he could avoid lockdown protocols"
38 wtf
Wtf bonds
"38 just let go of that play, wth"
Bonds you dick that was a catch
I recognize this crew and I feel like they hate us.
Why did he just give up after Enron caught it??
Who the fuck is this bonds guy? Never heard of him until today and hes made a couple mistakes
These refs are going to end me. Pick up your flag you pricks!!
Steelers playing the old Flacco ref ball game
Every player in my fantasy team is injured this game but hey at least I got 6 points from hollywood
Bro who's 38????
C’mon...
Where was the facemask?
Bonds....welcome to the league.
"Gets bonds off the field, dudes getting clowned play after play"
Terrell that was a bad beat
Wtf was 38 doing on that play?
Bonds needs to not be on the field
Bonds is Frank Walker Jr.
Bonds Omfg
Why is bonds on the field? The fuck
did marlon miss and punch his helmet
Clark cmon
Yeah that’s a flag
"Good call here, unfortunate penalty."
Chuck you can't do that
That wasn’t a face mask
Ravens are beating themselves
What the fuck are these calls
At some point we gotta stop helping the Steelers
Brain fart by clark
That's not a foul dude you can tackle b5 the neck wasnt a face mask at all
Pressure's been great all game
Unbelievable
Who’s 38? Just gave up...
"This pressure is getting close, we need a sack"
Can we stop w these fuckin penalties
Who the fuck is this bum #38
our dline needs to learn you need to wrap his arms
Terrel bonds isn’t good
He is getting targeted non stop
This defense.....
Bad tackle around his neck wtf
Damn ya'll you could have had that
FUCKING CHRIST
Come on
I’m losing my sanity
Holy fucking fucking fuck
This game is a bitch I’m concerned about INDY now
Who is bonds and why is he in
Dude this defense is so easily exploitable
Marlo.. Could have had that.. We got this
Easy touchdown
Ah fuck. They took the lead. D is gassed and they're getting sloppy
Ben pulling joe flacco special
Someone punch this ref in the face
Egg the refs house
Will we ever stop playing man coverage ?
Let’s see what Lamars made of
Of course they dont give us the first there. Of course.
Dobbins is the GOAT.
Dobbins is the real deal
Was Dobbins a gymnast? His balance is the best I’ve ever seen
I love gus but my god man just run through him
Know what the AFCN and the NFCW have in common? Playing the NFCE
Oh man 2019 welcome back
"Fitzpatrick was going in on that ankle, what a piece of shit"
"The option pitches, while gimmicky feeling still, are working.  So I cant say shit one bit.  If it works, it works."
That lil toss by the offensive lineman at the end lol
Our boys are bigger than yours. Type football.
"This game should be 24-14. Mental errors, man."
We arnt abandoning the run I’m gonna bust 😍
POUND THE ROCK
Pls run
4 down territory?
"Decent run, could’ve called a better play"
Uhoh
Why does google say the game is delayed?
Wtf man
They have to go
this game has been insane
Well fuck
C’mon
GUS AND LAMAR OPTION!
"You in this situation, you running or passing?"
If we going for it anyways why not call a run play that 3rd down?
High stakes drama
this isn’t good for my heart
COME ON PLEASE
are we goin for it?
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhh


ahhh

ahhhhhhhhhhh"
I say feed Project Pat.
Fingers crossed...
I can’t watch
Oh man this is football
LETS GO BOYS
You know what. Run the option again. They haven't stopped it yet. I'm willing to go against them and just say show us what you got.
"*running the ball is clearly working*

Roman: ok now lets do some deep hail marys"
Lol I am very nervous 🤣
"Run the slot option, new wrinkle on the speed option"
Welp.
Well fuck me.
Fucking kill me
Fuuuuuuuck
Why?????
#DAFUQ
Fuck...
Fuck
Fuck
Bro
Outside run or screen pass
He dove too quick
Imagine not running it knowing we would go for it on 3rh down fuck this shit man
"*me to myself during these next 2 minutes* 
""You're fine. You're good, they got this. It'll be okay. Stop shaking. Don't poss yourself."""
That was a helmet to helmet hit
I would have rather thrown that
welp
What was that play?
Awful. Just awful.
Get fucked Greg Roman. They knew. Terrible play calling. Do a better job.
What the fuck was that play call you've gotta be fucking shitting me
The pass game is gone
Disgusted in this team
BOOOOOOOOOOO
About time we get a better center
FUUUUUUUUUCK
Pathetic
Thanks Lamar and Greg gg
Welp. There goes the division.
Fuck
You know - it will make it even sweeter to beat them on turkey day
horse shit play call. absolute horse shit
What a stupid playcall. No creativity whatsoever
Can’t believe I woke up at 5:00am for this shit
Welp.
"I need some statistics on 5 wide, does it ever work for us?"
They’re gonna get this game over
There goes the division.
Queeeeeeen!!!!
So about 1 minute to go maybe 60 yards with no timeouts and we need to score a TD
Do they fake it here?
Idc about the play call but we wasted 2:40-2:00 by being slow to the line. We could have had given them the ball back before the two minutes warning. Just doing dumb shit all fucking game.
We’ll see
Hope that shitsburg coach gets fined for keeping his mask under his chin the whole game
Believe?
Come on special teams let’s go big play
Proche run that shit back
COME ON RAVENS
my stomach hurts lol
Time to pray
Let’s see if we can throw it down the field and get DPI calls like they have been all fucking game
You have to go deep once.to draw a flag or grab it
8 seconds bois.....Wtf are we doing???
Oh no
Who caught that?
Let's fucking gooooooooo
WHAT
Lol
What would that have done
That was a lazer
Complete luck
He didn’t even try to extend the play what the actual fuck is the coaching doing
Someone looked open up the left sideline. Maybe Hollywood.
We beat ourselves for sure... But I do believe at the very least we exposed the Steelers. That winning streak is about to come to a swift end.
ahhhh i know mannnn
[deleted]
If Lamar can't make up for his mistakes and come out this game with a W we really need to start a dialogue on whos going to be the QB of the future of this team. Not even overreacting its the cold hard truth.
[removed]
Fees like a wrap on the season.
Why do yall act surprised? Lamar had one goof game against the browns and has looked like a regressed qb the rest of the season
"Totally acceptable performance by the QB! Keep down voting all criticism, Flock Nation! Super Bowl here we come!!"
Lamar’s playing bad but it’s against a great defense
Blame of the game: Lamar Jackson for two TERRIBLE interceptions that gifted the Steelers 14 points
Welp season is over.
"If Stanley is out, that’s a wrap on the season"
Fuck TJ Watt
"That’s a sprain, that same injury happened to Nick Chubb week 3"
"Stop passing Greg, you dumb mother fuck. You know the OL can't protect, even when our starters were playing. Now we got 2 backups and shit's all flipped around. They cannot protect Lamar. You can't be that fucking dense you dumb shit. Harbs gotta pull rank."
"Yeah, we ain't winning this unless the defense generates points."
Lamar is legit trash this year.
"“Let’s keeping running plays that haven’t been working this year”

- Roman"
Never seen a Ravens team blow a game so bad as we have
"Let's be real, it'll be oh we're almost there on O. They threw coverages we didn't see (not true) and blah blah blah.

Lamar fucked up and Roman is putting us in losing football. **Get rid of Roman**"
Marlon has been way too quite today.
Now we don't have an offense or defense. What do we do?
Hard to believe this Qb was mvp
I'm sorry Lamar looks pathetic today.. fucking cringe
Game on the line and Lamar doesn’t have it in him....fuck that hurts to say
[deleted]
Lamar can't pass for shit. Missed Andrews wide fucking open at 10 yards away.
RIP 2020 Ravens.  See you all next year
You guys are soft af complaining about TJ playing physical.
[deleted]
Is Lamar playing through an injury? He’s looked off the whole season.
Lamar can’t read a defense I hate to say it but his decisions can’t make me believe otherwise
That was a legit PI. Can't hold the jersey that long.
Dude fuck our staff. They put Mekuri in who is a liability and players get hurt because of it .
Fuck TJ Watt
"Fuck TJ Watt, this sucks so much"
Dirty af
Should be 21-0 😤
"It’s not a penalty on the hit to Lamar. He was a runner. It’s not that hard, guys."
Judon is an idiot
"Judon can't set the edge, can't pass rush, has retarded amount of unnecessary roughness penalties. IDK how anyone can defend him.

He is **garbage**"
"Uh oh, Ben needs an injury excuse now."
Is harbs a mouth breather
How to stop our Offense.... Do nothing Roman will stop calling plays that work
"This D is giving it up in the second half two games in a row.  

Little pressure and wide open receivers."
STOP PASSING LAMAR GOD DAMN You worked on your passing ability my ass
"You lose 4 starters, turnover the ball 4 times, and lamar obviously had a curse cast on him. Because I don't know what the fuck is happening with him."
"Lamar buckles under pressure, prove me otherwise"
"Yeah, I'm fucking turning this off.

Throw the ball away. Don't take a sack, don't take the hit, don't lose yards. Football IQ at zero right now.

This honestly has to be THE worst I've ever seen Lamar play, ever."
FUCK YOU SKURA
"Lmao at trying to blame Lamar for that. That’s just shit body control by Brown, he could have brought that left foot down."
"Thats all on fucking greg, what an awful play call. The run is killing them and we go 5 wide"
Game is over lmao
"We don’t deserve another chance to win but we get one, I have little faith we can March up the field but I will belee"
Horrible decision to throw it to andrews there
Ifc what ppl say that was a good ass game
"No O-line to help the guy, no wonder he does some questionable stuff"
that should’ve been a flag tbh
"this game is over. the steelers will win.

Lamar looks like a scrub rn."
"I get people not being thrilled about being in this position, but Pittsburgh's 6-0 for a reason. This was never going to be easy, Ravens-steelers is never easy.

We're down by four. Let's ram it down their throats, delete the rest of the third quarter and most of the fourth quarter, and cap it with a TD to seal the win."
Did the MVP award get to Lamar's head? Don't understand how he's regressed like this
Fuck CBS I don’t give a fuck what TJ lesser Watt has to say.
Today we need to establish that WE are still the 2nd best team in the AFC and a top 3-5 team in the NFL
It's fine let's stay positive boys we can do this it's still very very early
Why is he throwing in traffic
Greg Roman already calling a bad game and Lamar still in his funk
Was that an RPO??  Read that shit
Saved by the penalty
"I mean they took a shot but he was still in bounds , lucky call"
Pittsburgh d looks scared.
He must have heard this subreddit talking trash all week
Ya need my job so I can still not make enough to afford anything!
Peters is a fucking bonehead sometimes
Call it on every single play then because that’s not PI!
Lamar plays with no fucking poise
FUUUUCK
"Got damn it, is that not a pass?"
Lamar will learn. we Got This
Stanley gets injured a fuck ton.
Seasons over boys
Fuck the steelers
HES OK
Looks like broken leg (tibia/fibia)
Screw you Squeelerburgh...
Honestly the L will hurt less knowing we’re basically turning into the Eagles
Just get a fg please
".j.k88 lolq,  1a d.peixa0au,"
They gonna eject judon
"I wanna know who on the ravens coaching staff told Lamar to stop running. Dude is not a pocket passer. Run the fucking ball, kid"
Holy shit that Field Judge is a fucking bitch
"What a shit fucking call, fuck this garbage ass league"
"Moron , can’t wait until he’s someone else’s problem"
JUDON IS DONE. man he's useless
This league is so fucking soft fuck this bullshit
Just suspend Judon for the season
This is such a rough and dirty game. Feels like 2008 with way less superstars on the field lol
Judon literally good for a stupid penalty every game.
Glad it didn’t amount to points but it helped them in the field position battle
This has been an hour long kick in the balls so far
Lamar is trying to give this game away
No not Gus please don't tell me he's hurt
NOT AGAIN
That’s on boykin
"Throw the fucking ball overhand, what the fuck"
Fucking JV shit.
I don't even know whose jersey to get anymore. U like too many of these guys xD
Maybe we should resign flacco just to play against Pittsburgh /s
Good job Lamar. Brought them right back into the fucking game.
this game should be over
One good offensive drive and all of you will change your minds
[deleted]
"This game was a win if not for that last floated pick by Lamar. I'm legit disgusted. Just the fucking shittiest decision-making by him today.

I have to let it go because it's making not able to enjoy the game anymore."
Looking like the jets out there
"Simple reason this game is getting away from us, Veteran leadership"
"Come on Lamar! Btw, Trump is going to lose."
Wow that has to be justice hills first snap of the season
These refs suck cock
Ah the narratives are going to be great tomorrow. I would be ok to lose with Lamar playing great and not losing Stanley but Lamar playing terrible and us losing one of the most important guys on the team is even worst. Games probably over with that drive I don’t know if our defense can stop them anymore. I mean atleast were 5-2 and still loads of season to go but wow man
He’s cooked at least for today.
Why take that sack? Cmon Lamar!
"No ability for Lamar to throw a quick hitter and immediately sacked, WHY CAN'T HE THROW THE FOOTBALL WELL?!?!?"
LaMAr Is 2 BlaME!
How many fucking TD’s can they take away from us.....
How the fuck did his left foot stay suspended in the air
Why are we challenging? That's not a catch.
That’s a td
Knee was in
Thats a motherfucking touchdown man!!!
I'm not one to go on the internet and criticize a pro athlete but.....you can't toe tap that?
Bad throw that punk ass bitchhhhhhhssssss
3  yard  TD pass to Marquise Brown and now we lead 24-21      👍
Self inflicted gunshot wounds. No team in the NFL does it more consistently than the ravens
"Lamar seems to be wanting to run less. Probably trying to prove he’s a good QB even without his running ability? Either way, he’s screwing over my fantasy team"
A pick 6 would be nice. Isn’t ben contractually obligated to throw at least 2 a game?
This team man
"First half ravens d: lights out

Second half ravens d: pure dogshit"
nice
Please don’t run an rpo. You gotta do some kinda pass
Holy fuck Lamar fucking sucks......
Just so disappointed in Lamar.
nice no running back on teh field
Whatever this was refball anyways on to the next one
Can Lamar make the big play? Pittsburgh can
Here’s hoping for a butt fumble by the Steelers or a strip rn....man fuck these refs for real man
"Lamar lost the game at the start and at the end. But we can’t ignore another week of awful, awful play calling. Something needs to be done."
Lets hope we can get this wild card spot
Between bad calls and offense giving up points defense has balled out.
Greg Roman is senile as shit if he thinks that was a good play call on 4th
"Stupid mistakes aside, we have been BY FAR the better team today."
Now they gotta pass
Really pathetic
dammit lamar that throw was awful
Wasted so much time
Spike!!
Wow.  What a fucking joke.
Bye week seems to hurt our momentum because we are young team.
Our own fault for losing this game
"For all you fairweathers shitting on Lamar.  Relax, it’s wet out there and somebody studied some film on Lamar to see he throws low.  He’ll adjust."
Watt gonna be diving at Lamar's knees now
"Can't believe i'm saying this but...

RG3 would do a better job than lamar rn. Lamar is playing that badly. He is playing like a guy who wants to be benched.

His decision making has been awful all game."
TJ Watt is a fucking spaz
[removed]
"If we lose this it is 100% on Lamar

Dumb shit all game"
Get your fucking foot down. That’s Torrey Smith 2011 level of terrible
Lol no PI there. Get absolutely fucked.
Steelers played awful but Lamar played the worst game of his career.
[removed]
This is why we were so hesitant to extend him.
"Our line was already shit

See you guys in April"
[deleted]
How is JJ such a nice dude but his brother is such a little shit
Every time I see Lamar's fucking face today it's just a look of absolute confusion.
We need to come to the realization that we are not as good as we say we are
[removed]
[deleted]
Lamar is already down and you're going to come out rolling into the best linemen when he is facing away from you? Everyone knows thats the riskiest play vs linemen rolling up from behind. fucking cheap shit watt
Another dirty tackle by watt /s
"Pff injury analyst:

#Ravens LT Ronnie Staley suffers a major injury just after signing a massive contract. Prediction: Ankle fracture dislocation but should be ready for Week 1 in 2021."
Judon a clown
Can we trade Judon for TJ Watt?
"Fucking pathetic display of throwing by Lamar . 

We are not winning any fucking play off game if we have to rely on Lamar throwing the ball, and it’s not even debatable at this point. He flat out blows at passing."
Lamar needs to find a way to get his confidence back in the passing game. He seems so damn nervous sometimes this year in spots where he looked so confident last year. That titans game messed with his head.
I feel like people aren't taking into account how ridiculous that pick was for a linebacker. Still a bad decision but that was a redonk play for a linebacker
It's almost like pedophiles shouldn't be in the nfl hmmm
This team has no leadership...
"""Why isn't Lamar playing well?!?!??""  Loudly exclaims the fan of the team with an injured line, missing starters and completely covered receivers down the field."
[deleted]
Look at **Tony Romo**  😍😍😍
[deleted]
Season on the line here
TJ Watt did nothing wrong.
James Harrison and Troy Polamalu are the only Steelers I like.
Imagine if they had waited on the extension
"If Lamar continues like this next year, I'm done with him."
Steelers remaining undefeated meanwhile our season is pretty much over with 2 OL injuries. What a great fucking Sunday...Man I’m pissed. It’s like Lamar thinks it’s funny too.
"All the shit fans in this thread acting like Lamar is the one giving up chunk yardage on defense

This whole team is collapsing right now

EDIT: Fairweather racist fans BTFO"
"Let's be honest, with 4 turnovers by Lamar, we had no business winning that game"
Jesus guys he’s playing a really tough defense. Yeah he’s played a bad game but like c’mon. Game ain’t over yet
2 runs back to back? I don’t like the play calling at all
God I hate Lamar this season
Not Lamar’s fault. Nothing you can do there
If lamar throws another pick then fucking throw in rg3 lamar is playing like shit if we lose its on him and if we win he was holding us back god damn
"all of you wishing bad on TJ get a life, it wasn't on purpose. suck a chode fuckwads"
"Just tuned in, anything interesting happen?"
What a shit call
[deleted]
WR got ran down by a LB 😂
Steelers offense ain't shit anyway
Hollywood needs to do a fumble drill
That’s a torn ACL reaction.. :(
Y’all think that was a dirty hit?
We got the ball on their side of the field and won't even get a FG out of it. This offense is legit sad.
Lamar gonna be the next to get hurt if he keeps taking these shots
Hahah wtf is this game we should honestly be down by like 2 scores
All I know is if I'm close to Ben I'm gonna aim for that elbow.
Lamar sucks bro
We're going to lose.
Also Lamar can you please stop side-arming it when there's no need to?
"Lamars playing so great, he's definitely not part of the problem."
FIRE GREG FUXKING ROMAN
Just like the beginning of the game. Not worried one bit
At the end of the day if you told me we could be up 17-14 in the third I’d take it.
Maybe the football is to wet for Lamar?
I’m done fuck this
It's all on Lamar
That's a TD
right kneee down!!!!!!
Lamar... That throw has to be better to a wide open receiver in the end zone 😔
Lamar's passes are so wobbly lol
Wow. Defense is shit. 8 pass plays. 2 penalties. A wide open guy when we drop all but 3.
The Ravens havent beaten a good team this season.
How did I know Roman would run it up the guy. That was a stupid play call. Absolutely dumb
Does Romo know how bad Lamar is when playing from behind?
Look what it's like having a QB who can complete a pass o.O
"Guys, I think Lamar this season may not be very good qb"
"Ravens need to finish the job on his arm 

Arm for a Leg"
Gotta respect Ben. He will throw his arm off to come down from a deficit in the 2nd half.
WILD CARD HERE WE COME! we need the underdog status to play xD
[deleted]
"That's season over for him, and honestly for us. The weakest part of the team somehow just got worse."
"Steelers fan here: hate to see any player go down like that. Hoping for his speedy recovery

Edit: it seems as though this came off as disingenuous, which was not my intention. Thanks for the downvotes I guess"
I think Lamar might be a little scared today. He's getting popped quite a bit and nothing's been called yet and he doesn't seem like normal Lamar
[deleted]
[deleted]
Who gets the next pick? I'm going with Fitzpatrick.  Seems like a lock.
Chop block TJ Watt
Goodbye season
[removed]
"Pittsburgh’s defense is elite, remember that 49ers game last year? We haven’t looked any worse today than we did against them, I don’t see much difference honestly"
Amazing play by watt
[deleted]
horrible call
We couldn’t at least get a fg???
[deleted]
Watt is so dirty
Please don't put Brown at LT dude's way too slow to play that side
There is no way on God's green Earth that Lamar will last in the NFL if the Ravens keep running him head first into the defence.
[removed]
Last year we scored 2 tds in 2 minutes now we cant even get to the 50.
Fire Marty and Pees
"Go fucking empty set what the fuck is this shit. Dobbins is averaging over 5ypc. Fucking retarded in everyway.

How do any fans defend this shit. Our viewership is their $$.b his team is not an SB team, it's a playoff team with glaring weaknesses including OC, OL, DL and WR."
This team man...
I understand it's a rivalry but Jesus make it a game
"It sucks because while it should be a TD, the fact Lamar can't touch pass these really pisses me off."
Sorry but this ones on lamar
[removed]
Stanley always finds a way to get injured. Hope hes good
Lamar big game choker. Time and time again.
Lamar can for real suck a dick.
Everyone who here who says we can't  throw consistently or good Lamar is in his 3rd year now is when we find out if he is gonna be our franchise guy if we csnt throw we need a new QB right. Like I dont get the argument
"Great play! Glad Lamar isn't side arm throwing lol.  It's going to be a long match, their D is quickly penetrating hopefully we capitalize on that"
Oh NVM. That was DPI
Let’s go boys!!!!
God I fucking love this fucking tank.
That play right there shows me we need Dez on the field ASAP so you can throw the 50/50 in that situation
Whelp.  Might as well work on cap space now.
"Ow, when you can't walk off the field, that's bad."
you guys can beat anybody if you just play YOUR game.
I have a feeling we’re gonna hit Ben hard this series.
We’re all losers today if Stanley is out
I'm sure it's just my bias but it seems like Romo is on overdrive kissing Steelers ass this game.
Flag on Peters
Dirty ass team
Fuck off judon
Bye Judon
"Bye bye Judon

Get the fuck off this team"
Release him
Video replays are able to be reviewed by officials to get the plays right. Coaches can challenge a couple plays if they think things were called wrong to force refs to go back help ensure they get the call right. Why is the same not allowed for penalties? Why can penalties carry more consequences with less oversight? No fucking sense to me
"Like clockwork, Ben is being a big babby and playing up minor injuries."
Lamar........  What are you doing?
Dude come the fuck on Lamar
Apparently Lamar can't throw anymore
Lucky break
Yikes throw.
Why not try to pick it
"GREG THE FAT FUCK ROMAN STRIKES ONCE AGAIN, OH WHAT A SURPRISE. Yeah Lamar has made terrible decisions, but even Romo is calling GRo out, WHY AREN'T WE RUNNING FOR FUCKS SAKE"
Id rather Lamar play bad and we win this game than Lamar play good and we lose. He can always bounce back like last year for example.
Wait what did Judon get ejected for?
"Alright Lamar, now is the time to put the team on your back."
"They score here, it’ll be hard to comeback and win"
They pull pitchers don’t they?
"That was a bad throw to a wide open receiver, but I'll take it."
"Good holding call, but also damn shame what a run by Lamar"
lAmAR sHouLNT thRow (AgAiN).
Fuck the refs. Eat my dingus
He got the knee down
That looked in dang
Left foot wasn’t in
The knee is gonna be clooooose
This better be overtuned can’t afford to blow timer outs in this type of game...
Beat the refs and the Steelers they drive boys
BuT thE rEfs ArE aGaInsT uS
Alright that was a decent call
"Is this Lamar's fault, too?"
No faith in the O for this drive. Feel like we’re gonna need a defensive stop.
"Go Raiders and ......bengals, helped us out today"
This is game
Put in Trace!
I hate this team. We csnt even throw for 3 yards
And a fumble lost to add insult to injury
Run the option averaging 9 yards on either side I don't see why you don't do it again
Imagine if we kicked a fg. Hindsight 2020
Lol this is embarrassing
Jesus what a shitty pass to Andrews
Offense as a whole should be ashamed of themselves honestly
[deleted]
"YES 

(Not about the injury about the catch)"
This is poor
FUCK GREG ROMAN
Room is a shill
Lamar lmao 😂😂😂😂😂
TJ might be the dirtiest player I’ve seen all year. Dude is reckless
"3rd and 18, you're being tackled and Lamar throws a 5 yard pass that could easily get picked. Lamar sucks this season."
How the fuck did Lamar win MVP?
"Well, this season is over."
Yo anyone else worried Jimmy is gonna tear his Achilles. He had that injury all of 2017 then tore it in December. Now hes nursing it again
"I don’t want to be this guy, but is it time to put in RGIII? Lamar is still a good QB but he’s our biggest liability rn"
Hate to say this shit but feels like 7-0 steels
"Not sure the ravens could do anything this year anyway with Lamar forcing himself into becoming a passing QB, but Stanley gone means the season is done."
"So earlier you guys were blaming lamar, now you all talking about the defense? LMFAO, you guys are funny."
Sorry but Lamar is the Paul George of the NFL. Big game choker
It’s almost like all the interceptions & turnovers didn’t happen and it’s all the refs fault 😂😂
This is all Lamars fault
[deleted]
You guys are all fucking whiny babies the only that matters from this game is if we win or not and we're up by 3 with the fucking ball gtfoh lamar is having a bad day but that's our MVP and we gonna beat this undefeated Steelers team
Hot take: just forfeit to save the season. It's painfully obvious Tomlin is coaching these players to target our best players legs. Just get out of the game and live to fight another day
YES! CHEAT THEM
"Honestly PIT has this in the bag, just simply defend vs the run. We cant throw short, medium or god forbid long."
The refs made Lamar drop the ball fuck them
Hate to say it but Lamar needs to benched
[deleted]
So about that contract.....
"Not Stanley’s fault by I have had reservations about paying him, he’s a great tackle dont get wrong but with the exception of last season he’s not made it through a full season, he’s injury prone"
There goes your season...
injuries happen get over y’all’s selves sheesh
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Lamar has been a liability this game and it fucking sucks.
"I wanna know who on the ravens coaching staff told Lamar to stop running. Dude is not a pocket passer. Run the fucking ball, kid"
Never get why returners catch the ball at the 5.
Another awful throw by Lamar that will surely get Boykin blamed.
"Do we blame this on Boykin, too?"
All that and we only at the 35.  Wtf
Maybe we can finally see that lamar is a horrible passer
I just dont want to pay Lamar 35 million. He already peaked.
We're not going to win.
"KC & PIT fucking got our number (offense and defense).

EDIT: KC Offense and PIT Defense"
Lamar fucked up. Saw him hit his chest. He knows. He’ll get it done. Ben is trash.
i've just reverted back to not giving a shit this season
[removed]
Can't even get happy
"Yeah that's a hold, fuck"
if TJ did that you guys would lose your minds
"Lamar, instead of hitting Snead OR Dobbins at the first down marker, takes 2 yards to make it 4th....seriously."
Awful clock management
Look for passes man
Hollywood brown is wide open on the right there. Wtf. He coulda picked up the 1st and got out of bounds
Bread Allen looks like he's 5 years old.
This game is over. We suck
"Not a playoff caliber team. 
Lamar doesn't look like the Lamar that amazed everyone last year. 
That's how you play after your bye? 
I'll keep saying it, but there is a reason Greg Roman keeps having to get new jobs, and we are seeing it. His playcalling has been awful."
#Just turned it on- can someone do a TLDR of what I’ve missed?
[removed]
"What happened to Lamar ?

  
He is playing like the worst QB in the league"
harb's mask is ugly af
Lamars feet were still inbounds when he got pushed. Idk the interpretation of the rule tho
yeah guys that was so dirty cant believe he tried jumped at his ankle 😐😐😐
[deleted]
Ravens gonna raven
Snead is so slow for a small guy lmao
[removed]
Unwatchable
"Ok Roman, call 20 straight runs"
MVP?
ST fumble? That’s how today has been...
Boo him who gives a fuck they all get paid millions more than we ever will
[removed]
I'd give Lamar another season as the QB with a new OC but if he's still playing like this dudes gotta go
Stanley hurt? Shocker.
"People finally seeing that Lamar is part of the problem on offense.

-15 downvotes. Lol you people really think Lamar is joe fucking montana."
There shouldn’t have been more time. Everyone ran down the field. Then Pittsburgh took a timeout due to an injury. Those things happened in succession.
When do I get all my downvotes back :)
Wait are y’all really done with Lamar or is this some in the moment frustration?
Still can't forgive the fact that this game should be 24-7
Haha
No chance here
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Hollywood is another in the tradition of bust wrs the Ravens drafted
[removed]
"To everyone in this thread acting in the role of Lamar Apologist:

you just saw that fumble, right?"
[removed]
[removed]
You guys seriously expect us to be 14-2 every season? No shit Lamar looks like he regressed.
Defense being exposed now
Good fucking game guys refs looked real sus buuuut 7-0 feelsgoodman
[removed]
"Our defense is about as inconsistent as our offense this year.

Is Special Teams next?"
Lmao yall choke in EVERY big game with lamar
[deleted]
[removed]
"jackson to snead ftw... yuck

Gotta target boykin or something."
Peters is a whiney bitch.
[deleted]
Refs vs Steelers pathetic
"The Bus is in the hall of fame, not some average ravens player. find a new nickname"
Interception Jackson gonna choke
:)
%100 legal
[deleted]
[deleted]
3 n out lol
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This is a BOLD move. But I would not be angry if we benched Lamar. This game no longer matters. We do not want him to get hurt.
""
I believe your friend is a Steelers fan.
How did that go?
Dang mabye shoulda watched the game then talked shit
""
"This is amazing. You might not get the credit you deserve since everyone is in the gameday thread. 

But, this is Art."
"I’m gonna upvote the username, but I’m too tired to figure this out."
"With Ingram out, who do you think is the better fantasy start at RB? 

I think Gus may get more carries and would be a more likely choice at the goal line. However I think Dobbins could be a better choice in my PPR league."
Gus
"Probably Gus, he plays well against Pittsburgh and with wet conditions Dobbins holding the ball makes me nervous"
""
🐷🐷 let's get it
[removed]
Shit we just scored 😰
Calm down lol
"There's a game thread for these kinds of ~~posts~~ comments, isn't there?"
[deleted]
Fuck this game
Fuck
There goes our post season...
[removed]
""
Same! I missed part of the game but just watched the fumble and am hype rn
"Hard-nosed, ol’ school, smash-mouth football! At its finest!"
[deleted]
"Lamar threw pick 6, we score on next drive helped by questionable personal foul call and great QB play, PIT gets a makeup PI call but fumbles next play"
"Whelp 
Baltimore's offense is literally the only guys to score so far"
Stanley getting carted off the field. looks bad
"I know shit looks bleak but the Steelers are 6-0 against some shit teams outside of their last game and are playing thier best. We are 5-1 playing some of the worst football when we know we can improve. But i have faith it clicks this game later. We are easily the best defense theyve played . We got this. GO RAVENS!




Edit:Nevermind"
Nice edit
Don’t say never mind have faith in your team! The ravens will still fucking win!!!
That is all. If anyone knows how to donate your own leg tissue for experimental surgical implantation in injured linemen hmu
"
If you or someone you know is contemplating suicide, please reach out. You can find help at a National Suicide Prevention Lifeline

USA: 18002738255
US Crisis textline: 741741 text HOME

United Kingdom: 116 123

Trans Lifeline (877-565-8860)

Others: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_suicide_crisis_lines

https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org"
Please just take my knee instead
Im just happy he got his bag this week. This is just unlucky as fuck. Love him with my whole heart :(
Same
"Feel terrible for Stanley. Hope for a quick recovery but clearly he's done for season. 

Speaking of the season..... There it goes"
[deleted]
"Our line is the biggest need, especially with Stanley down."
"OL is in need all over the league. Unless the ravens give up 1st/2nd rounders, they won't get anything of worth."
"Maybe we could get Ogden to come outta retirement. Worth a shot, right? Should be well rested."
OL hardly gets dealt unless you are bad at being a GM
We'd have to get like 3 new o-linemen to even have a DECENT line at this point. We can't trade our way out of this. We're fucked.
Anyone know where I can get that MD flag mask he’s sporting today? It’s slick AND works with glasses!!
Im willing to bet John just gets these things off of mall carts 😂
"[This](https://www.routeoneapparel.com/collections/masks-face-shields/products/greyscale-maryland-flag-face-mask?lshst=collection) is it, yeah? From Route One Apparel?"
""
Looking like the run game we had last year
Gus is straight up one of the most underrated players in the league
JK is fast as fuck and has incredible balance. He reminds me of another Ravens RB #27
JK is a STAR
"I love Ingram but his injury and Dobbins balling out probably means he's cut next year. Saves us $5M which we could really use to extend Ngakoue, especially with the cap dropping by as much as $25M"
Greg Roman!
That lamar/dobbins option play is unstoppable lol...who do you take?
""
Aaaand it’s gone :(
"It helps that the starting RBs have some juice. Love Ingram, but he’s looked slow all year."
"I love how it took him 6 games and a bye week to adjust, but can’t adjust mid game or after halftime."
[deleted]
"it was a legal hit, lamar doesnt have qb protection when he runs"
[removed]
Ingram just doesn’t have explosion anymore.  Gus and especially JK are both easily better then him.
"I don’t think he’ll be shipped because of his impact in the locker room, but I do think he’ll take a lesser role."
Ss
[deleted]
[removed]
That old ref needs to stay at home.
I don’t think he will get a fine
"That was a stupid ejection.

Old ass refs are power hungry and can't handle being touched on the arm when they pull and throw players around."
He touched a ref.
Lmao based.
Even if not intentional. He has to chill and can't act like that
I mean he is kind of at fault though...
Cuz he’s *always* doing dumb shit like that. Fucking moron.
[deleted]
Judon shows once again his decision making is just fucking terrible
"That was a stupid ejection.

Old ass refs are power hungry and can't handle being touched on the arm when they pull and throw players around."
Stupidity but it wasn’t intentional he still needs to get the fuck out of Baltimore.
Constantly negating positiv plays. His teammates probably hate him.
"Dumb move. Even if it wasn’t intentional why are you trying to shake free and throw a coach/ staff member off of your back? What are you going to do from there? 

Just like when a teammate grabs you til you calm down, they’re holding you back for a reason. No need to flail like a mad man throwing arms"
This is just a dumb take
17 million reasons why Baltimore won't have anyone calling for him
"Honestly, Im glad Judon stuck up for Peters.  Im not the biggest Judon fan but he came through and bodied Johnson.  He did what he had too and should have chilled out after that."
He messing up his bag. Doing that dumb shit
Wouldn’t be surprised at all if this is his last game as a raven. I know I’m reaching major but EDC has been making big moves..
""
The captain took home the win...
You made a face like you were kicked in the nuts?
"ok I'm a Steelers fan, but this is funny"
"Not only did he get sacked, it fucked with his surgery elbow"
How'd that go?
Except Capn fat fuck is walking off your field a WINNER.
Ass.
[deleted]
""
"That's what I keep telling people, last season was exciting but it was never this team's bread and butter"
Say one more time for the people in the back
"I’m not mad about the loss. There was stupid errors, but we put up almost 300 rushing yards against the top rushing defense and held Big Ben to 24 yards in the first half. If Lamar doesn’t throw those picks, we clean up those fumbles and we don’t get those pass interference calls, this is a TOTALLY different game. I’m confident we’ll fix it by the end of the year. We proved today that we are the all around better team. Just gotta tighten up and play smarter ball. Was pleased we ran the ball down their throats. It’s like Greg Roman just remembered that’s our biggest strength after Stanley went down."
Pain.
The stupid errors are killing me.
"Hollywood turning into twitter fingers is a bad look. But yeah, back to the foundation. Defense carries us, hope to get some kinda offensive production. It flat out seems all offseasons reps with WRs and TEs was for nothing. No chemistry"
Can we take a look at someone like eric berry?
"I have issues with this statement. One of the many reasons I picked the ravens as my team is ""defense first"" mindset."
Have*
Did not age well
I can get behind this though. Defense wins championships and it’s how we got our rings.
I mean they better be...that is where all the resources are going.
"Uh, you were saying?"
""
I was reading Ben’s lips. He just asked his trainer if he could have his elbow fitted for a walking boot.
Maybe just maybe it’s because the ravens are dirty and cheap shot him? Just a guess
""
The call was bs but damn dude when you're on the sidelines control your temper 🤦🏾 hope this game can prove we don't need Judon
Honestly that’s what you get for contacting a ref. Whether he meant to or not it’s the rule and has been for awhile. Sucks but just can’t let your anger take over like that.
He really shouldn't be fighting his coach's grip like that.  That's bad teammate stuff there
"I agree Judon shouldn’t be flailing but tbh, if you’re not allowed to touch a ref, they shouldn’t be allowed to touch you."
"Imagine if Judon was still in this game. We're getting constant pressure on Fat Ben. 

Maybe we trade him by the deadline to Seattle.

Give me a tackle. 

SB guaranteed."
Judon is a waste of a roster spot
[deleted]
""
He’s drunker than usual today.
"Barely said anything after Tucks 51 yarder, had his chance to say who the real goat is"
He’s probably hoping it will like just forget
"I don't want him putting that curse on Tucker.  Maybe, he's secretly he's a Tucker fan is trying to jinx the competition."
"Honestly I used to like Romos commentary in his first year, maybe two, with Nantz. But after hearing him in our games against Browns, Chiefs, and Steelers, he is just as biased as any other announcer and not as good as I thought. I can't wait for him to jerk off D Henry in 2 weeks even if we have equally as good of a run game that week."
""
Nope. Looks like we’re back to normal
Underrated meme.
:(
[removed]
"I'm not glad he's throwing picks and fumbling, but I am glad he's picking himself up and continuing to try to play well after the mistakes."
"I just want to say, I blame that last int on you"
"Not to sound like a Lamar hater, but it’s year 3. There really shouldn’t be “learning” anymore. At this point, it’s mistakes. 

Not saying it’s not correctable, but they aren’t learning lessons anymore."
When will we see the dividends from these lessons?
"Who knows what happens if that pic-6 never happened, maybe like a butterfly effect. The Steelers D has been on the field more, and it shows as they are tired."
Hasn't worked so far in his career. What's going to make it different this time?
""
""
"Wholesome, I have to upvote 🥳🥳🥳"
Nice! Goodbye sleep.
Congratulations and welcome to the flock!
"Nice fucking baby, bro!"
As a Steelers fan... that’s a cute baby and as he grows up I trust he will come to the right side ;)
[removed]
Lmao gtfo you a bum
Maybe stop throwing the ball?!?!  The Steelers can't stop the run so let's keep throwing it. Great play calling by the coaching staff.
"That is on Lamar too for throwing a damn duck into the air to be picked off.

Fucks sake."
They have ran 30 times and thrown 16???? They're running pleanty the 7/16 and 2 ints and fumble are the problem.
"If you can’t trust your qb to throw, there’s a problem, and it’s not the play caller"
I think Lamar has as many INTs as completed passes...  just stop it.  He’s starting to look like Sam Darnold
Lamar is all smiling on the sidelines too. What the fuck is that. Ridiculous.
"Why are they so opposed to running the ball? Defense is playing lights out, we have a lead, and the run game is working. Ok let’s air this shit out against one of the best pass rushes in the league with our best olineman out."
""
I think that's further proof the WRs are covered.
I think he read your comment
[deleted]
[removed]
are we slandering lamar and hollywood? in this sub? against the top defense? y’all are spineless
And everyone was talking about how bulked up Hollywood was 😂😂
[removed]
Roman isn't outh there throwing picks and fumbling. This is not on Roman.
"The steelers are playing off coverage, yet receivers constantly go deep. No fucking crossing routes????? Fire his ass please the only thing keeping us in this one is defense and playmaking from Gus and jk"
That 4th down play call just confirmed that greg roman is senile as shit
[removed]
Relax he has the worst wr core in the league and an offensive coordinator who’s notorious for having a stale passing game.
Thats what i thought at first too. But even the best WR cant do shit when the Ball is a few yards away from him... if it even makes it to the air
You might be asking too much of him. He’s just not a passer.
Correct me if I'm wrong
Very ticky-tack. If that's a hold you could call a hold on at least 50% of the plays of either team.
FOR REAL...
Refs win another game
"There were 2 on Peters that were no exaggeration some of the worst ones I've ever seen.

If they called that every time... there wouldn't be football. It would just be some guy running next to a WR.

That ref crew was absolutely fucking horrendous."
Yep
Ehh it was a hold for sure
[removed]
"Lol Terrell Bonds, I thought his uni said Bones too...but he has been a liability"
[removed]
""
[removed]
[deleted]
"Once again, running the ball works but he stops running the ball and we lose.  wtf come on"
"Everyone blames every coordinator we have every time we lose. 

Every year and every game. Guys need to execute too, man."
Lol do you realize how hard adjusting and getting used to a whole new OC would be in the middle of the season? Any fan that agrees with this post doesn't know anything about football and is a bandwagon fan.
"I agree, Greg Roman needs to go"
[deleted]
Lamar is garbage this year
"I’m usually on the other side, but today he blatantly stopped doing what worked. Then he brought it back our second to last drive. Wtf"
...
Lamar deserves all the criticism he's going to get from this game. He handed Pittsburgh 14 points and cost us at minimum a field goal with the fumble at the 7.
We could be Super Bowl contenders if the offense decides to come back from the offseason.
Ravens lose to the Ravens 28-24
HOW DID THEY NOT ADD TIME
Why didnt they put time back on the clock because of the injury?
Steelers game MVP: Ravens QB Lamar Jackson
Jackson Played like Shit.  Roman with a Terrible call on 4th Down before the 2 min warning.  Refs throwing all sorts of flags.  Classic Ravens v. Steelers game that makes me hate the Steelers more and more.
"Our offensive line:

LT: Orlando Brown (filling in for injured Ronnie Stanley)

LG: Bradley Bozeman (3rd year 6th round pick)

C: Matt Skura (5th year UDFA, coming off a ACL, MCL, PCL, and dislocated knee injury)

RG: Patrick Mekari (2nd year UDFA, filling in for injured Tyre Philips)

RT: DJ Fluker (29 year old RG filling in for Orlando Brown)"
"Ok I’m salty but Romo cracked me up at the end. 

Nantz: What’s Harbaugh saying there?

Romo: He’s pointing at his head saying “we have to think”"
"My takeaways:

*Hollywood needs to grow like 3 or 4 inches

*Greg Roman should have taken a head coaching job last year and take his playcalling with him

*We need to keep Mekari at the RG spot. From what I saw the running game picked up immensely when he replaced Tyre

*Lamar had one of his worst games as a pro, and I pray pray pray that he uses this game as a learning experience, but I fear a lot of his issues are mechanics based which can be hard to fix

*We need Dez to be an Anquan Boldin level acquisition 

*That was among some of the worst officiating jobs overall that I’ve ever seen in any professional sport"
Can someone explain to me how they don’t add time at the end there?
"Greg Romans playcalling is fucking atrocious, what the fuck is that call on 4th down"
I love Hollywood don't get me wrong but we missed on Metcalf. Jesus.
Lamar was brutal
"Lamar struggled but let's look at this:

- Called PI on Ravens for something that should've only been a hold

- Phantom hold on Lamar's TD run and couldn't show where the hold was on replay

- Phantom PI on Humphrey that didn't even try to show a replay of

- a CLEAR OPI by Claypool uncalled

- a DQ when a 15 yarder was clearly more than enough given the circumstance

Edit: oh yeah, I do want to say that they definitely missed a hold on Jimmy too, but I think that was a decision because Diontae gave up. If not tho then that's a bad call too.

Edit 2: NO TIME ADDED ON THE INJURY. I was half expecting them to hit us with a 10 second runoff like we're the Lions.

Edit 3: We still could have won this game. The 4th down QB draw sealed out fate. I am not saying the refs lost it - we did commit some bad penalties that cost us that were called correctly."
FUCK THE REFS
"Fuck that ending. No added time for the Steelers force time out, no call on the defenseless receiver hit; straight hit to the head. Fuck this dumb shit."
"You'd think an injury would stop the clock when it happened, not 15 seconds afterwards."
"We played like shit, but as far as I'm concerned, this is like the 2015 Jags game. We won. There should have been 5+ seconds added, and an untimed down at the 1 after the DPI. Side note, if anyone else get get shots of the hit, much appreciate"
We look like a poorly coached team. Another game of 100+ penalty yards
"This loss is 100% Lamar.

He was making terrible choices and really bad throws since the 2nd play to the final play."
Fuck the refs
"Ugh and we lost Stanley probably for the season. Fuck man, as if the loss wasn’t bad enough."
Bengals fan here. They should've added more time on the clock after that injury. You guys got screwed.
Complete bullshit not giving extra time. I guess anyone can flop and take away time.
Lamar awful in another big game.
"2 interceptions, almost three + three fumbles from Lamar. 14 points off turnovers for the Steelers. This loss is all on Lamar"
So what was Romo talking about when he said Coach was pointing to his head and “talking about a situation that I don’t even want to bring up?”
"We gift wrapped this game for the Steelers. We played horribly except for the run game. 

Lamar played bad and looks off this year, although he had a great TD run taken away. Throwing mechanics are weird, decision making needs to take a step forward. 

Refs were bad."
457 yards of offence to 221. Pathetic
Are announcers not aloud to talk about targeting?
FUCK EVERYTHING
Fuck the refs today.  They have been bad across the league.  Should have been more time on clock for injury time out and clear defenseless receiver hit by Steelers there
"Ravens beat themselves, too many PI's and Lamar was reckless. However, losing 2 o-linemen against the Steelers defensive front was killer for pass protection."
I 100% guarantee if the situation was flipped a penalty would’ve been called on us on that last play
[removed]
"No mistaking that Lamar had a bad game but even still, the refs made no mistake as to who they were favoring. Just bs call after bs call against the ravens. And then not adding time at the end? What’s the justification for that? I’ve seen bad officiating in my life, but this might take the cake."
"Fuck the refs
Fuck Greg Roman
God damnit Lamar"
Lamar choked
Fuck
"I'm fuming over these refs, it's embarrassing"
I want my 5 seconds fuckheads
"Lamar sucked, Steelers aren't anything special, refs sucked."
"Lamar fucked us on this game. Without him, the steelers dont have 14 of their points and we get some more points."
I hate liking a small market team. Every call is against us.
"Refs were absolute trash, but good teams play through that.

Inexcusable plays by LJ that led to 14 points.

I'm still optimistic, but gonna be tough sledding to win the divsion after this and the KC game."
"Lamar makes soo many cocky throws and bad decisions because he thinks he can outplay the defense every time.  Problem is he is playing NFL caliber players and they will make the better play sometimes.  If he just stuck to the free stuff and made the plays that are in front of him, we would not have given up 14 of the points we gave up.  The Pick-Six and the 20 yard line INT both were gaming changing."
[deleted]
"Hey not bad for a RB, but for a QB, yeah pretty bad"
"Greg Roman logic:

RB averaging 7 yards a carry 

4th and 3

*calls a QB run*"
"A lot to digest. Let’s start with the good. JK looks like a freaking stud, D looks legit, and the wideouts got wide open multiple times today. 
Now for the ugly. Lamar looked bipolar today. He’s still legit but definitely not a good day. It’s hard to win football games with four turnovers, shit it’s nearly impossible. Granted the injuries but the O Line did not look good at the least bit, a lot of missed blocking assignments and guys just standing two yards past the line of scrimmage with Pitt Just running past them. Ref ball was a true thing today but it’s not defining reason why we got the L.

Edit: Still don’t know what the offense scheme was today."
"Horrible game, Imma go punch something"
Any reason they didnt add any extra time on the clock after the Snead first down? Could have had one extra play honestly
so fucking pissed
I’m just fucking sad. 5th seed bullshit here we come.
At least they didn't stop running the ball when playing from behind.
4th and 2 play - just run the option that had been gashing them the whole drive and we would be talking about a win
Not sure if it would have mattered but I feel robbed about the clock at the end
"Lamar handed a W to the Steelers. Plain and simple. Our RBs killed it today but Lamar did more for the Steelers offense than what he did for our team. Especially laughing off that 2nd pick which ultimately closed the gap for us to lose.

I really hope Lamar takes a hard look in the mirror and finds that hungry SB attitude he had last year"
By the refs logic heyward should have been called offsides
I dont get how the final play isn't a foul. It's a hit on a defenseless receiver and DPI. I dont get it refs just eat their whistle on the last play unfairly that wasmt a hail mary
Get Dez on the roster NOW.
">John Harbaugh said the referees didn't give him an explanation for why no time was given back on the clock after the Cameron Heyward injury. He asked and all they said was ""the time was fine."" - @sgellison"
Worst 7-0 team of all time
No added clock and no flag? Fucking bullshit
"This is the first time i can honestly say that lamar singlehandedly cost us a W.

* (2018) First chiefs loss was nearly a win that the defense couldn't hold.
* (2018 PO) Chargers L in the playoffs was a weird one (poor & predictable playcalling, whole offense being dysfunctional).
* (2019) Chiefs game on the road was a greg roman disasterclass alongside lamar being inaccurate downfield.
* (2019) Browns game had an ingram fumble & a ravens defense that was god awful. 
* (2019 PO) Titans L was a game where both offense and front 7 failed to show up.
* (2020) The KC loss this year was wild on O (dropped passes, poor playcalling, inaccurate balls) but the defense couldn't stop a nosebleed. Team had little shot to win due to both sides of the ball playing poorly.

This game was was different. The defense was fine. The run game was rolling. Roman didn't lose his mind as a playcaller until the last couple of drives.

Lamar gifted them turnover after turnover (4) which included a pick6, redzone fumble and another pick which resulted in a short field TD. The 4th fumble was a cheap one (4th down qb draw which wouldn't have converted anyways). However, lamar also threw an interceptable ball to haden and fumbled w/ no one near him before fumbling.

Lamar gave them an easy 14pts while taking 3-7 points off the board for the ravens in what ended up being a 4pt steelers win. That was the difference in the game. His decision making and field vision were atrocious for most of the game. This was basically a repeat of the cincy game for lamar (which i called the worst game of his career at the time) except pitt caught lamar's interceptable throws this time.

Lamar's errors were the difference in the game."
"No time added, so many bullshit PI calls, and no PI called on the last play. Okay Refs, good for y'all"
"We will need to win the second time around if we are going to take the division.  We have a great team, but it’ll be tough to win since it’ll be in Pit."
"The refs were horrible all those non-pi’s not adding time, every time Lamar has hit after the play"
We can beat them if Lamar focuses up. I'm annoyed but not deflated.  Just get to the playoffs
[deleted]
First time losing when leading at halftime :(
We normally split our season series with Steelers as 1-1 remembered even the best teams go 14-2
we lost 2 of our O-line and still lose to refball
"Wish I could say that was a fun game. Between the giveaways and bullshit penalties, that aged me a couple of years."
"I’m in disbelief that Lamar handed our biggest rival a game like that, especially with them being 6-0. What a fucking brutal game"
That was major bullshit on the last play that was pass interference!!
"Fucking god damn shit, we should’ve won"
"I understand that there's football analysis to be done but the thing that decided this game is that the steelers had 3 penalties for 30 yards and we had 9 for 110. That's the game right there, don't try and make it complicated.

Edit: I want to be clear this is not a bitch about the refs post, idc how good or bad the calls were the boys left it in the hands of the refs"
"Lamar is honestly playing like one of the worst qbs in the league right now, he needs to pick it up and fast if we want to do anything in january"
"Ben could have thrown the ball into the 10th row and they still would have thrown a PI flag on us

Yet we get to the endzone and thats a clean play? fucking bullshit"
I wish I could turn off the internet and skip work for a week to live in a cabin until next Sunday. Why do I even watch this game? Life is pain.
"Look. Lamar has very bad turnovers today and it was a bad offensive game.

We can acknowledge that and also not say he’s terrible and the season is a wash. It sucks. On to indy"
Why was Harbaugh pointing to his head?
"Lamar played awful, defense continued to extend drives with penalties, 2 O-lineman got hurt, Judon got booted for some BS and only lost by 4. The sub is gonna freak out but we’ll be fine. We’ll see them again on Thanksgiving! Move on to the Colts!"
"Loss aside, if this game wasn’t a sign that JK Dobbins needs to be more involved in the rushing attack consistently going forward then idk what to say"
Are you allowed to be on the wrong side of the LoS after the snap if you're injured?
These penalties and turnovers man....
I am sad. I will consume a lot of spaghetti.
Damn we beat ourselves and possibly lost two starting OL
"Fuck the refs, fuck Injuries, fuck everyone. We should have won this one damn it."
Wow dude what the actual fuck
"# Question about the Game:

As a person that doesn't keep up with all of the football games, what was the meaning of the Ravens head coach pointing a finger at his head and the sports commentators saying that they have to ""think about something, but they're not saying what""? Somebody please explain this to me."
"Who gets the blame here, sure Lamar definitely shoulders some of it. But let's be honest here, so much shit went wrong
 Injuries
Judon getting ejected
Refs of course
Patchwork offensive line


What can you do, everything that could have went wrong, went wrong."
"The only positives are the defense, Jk and Gus. The fact that the refs didn’t add time is ridiculous. And Lamar needs to get his head out of his ass. He hasn’t been doing anything this year. Too many mistakes. And Roman. Don’t even get me started"
"We really need that go to possession receiver.  Andrews does a lot of great things but has drops at times.  The offense really needs that Smith / Boldin / Mason guy to be effective with the running.  

No team is afraid of our receivers outside of Andrews and he can be bottled up.  Dobbins and Gus should be the 1-2 moving forward.  Dobbins has some of the best balance I've seen in a long time.  Defense played well outside penalties (some of which were pretty ticky tack).

Maybe Dez helps solidify that receiving corp but I'm looking for a center and reworking the playbook on play calling a bit for next week.  Colts / Titans / Steelers again over the next month can really shape the AFC."
When do the press conferences begin? Can’t wait to hear what everyone has to sag
[removed]
Honestly we lost this game to Lamar and to the refs. I love him but it's the truth this time.
[deleted]
"Crappy outcome but we battled back from the early pick 6 and the late lead change.  That's encouraging with the prior ways we folded when at a deficit.

Onto next week.  Congrats to the Steelers."
"Confirmed, Stanley out for season with an ankle injury."
"We need to stop pretending this was just a series of one-off mistakes and poor officiating. Yes, the officiating stunk and yes it was raining. 

But offense has looked like garbage all year with no signs of improving. Lamar is a bottom 5 passer by every metric and the eye test backs it up. Greg Roman is displaying Cam Cameron levels of game management after being brilliant last year. Nothing that happened today was an outlier. 

To look like this off a bye at home is really bad. Pittsburgh isn’t anywhere near as good as their record and was objectively worse than the ravens for an entire half. We handed them this game. With their easy schedule it’s very hard to see Baltimore catching them at this point, especially with Stanley out for the year."
Hard to win against one of the best teams in the league with 4 turnovers and a backup o line. We gotta get better.
"There were a few costly mistakes and some really bad throws, but I think the offense did look better today than they had before the bye.  Going against a defense as stout as Pitt is will always be a tough task and they didn't panic, stuck with the run and saw success with it.  
  
A few suspect playcalls as well and some mistakes to be cleaned up, but this team still could do damage later on.  Running out of time to start making those adjustments though, cannot get very far with these mistakes.  
  
Overall, I'm whelmed.  I was expecting improvement, there was some but I was expecting much more."
Imagine running for 265 yards and having to panic in the 4th to scrap up a game winning drive...
Everyone missing the helmet to helmet hit that wasnt called on lamar on that awful qb draw on 4th and 3 tho
"Between Lamar having another brutal performance in a big game and Stanley likely out long term with a bad injury, this was just about the worst possible scenario we could have hoped for"
"Lamar cost us the game here, sad but true"
hard to beat any team giving away 14 points
"\#Ravens coach John Harbaugh said officials ran off the field and didn't talk to him about the last play, on which he said Willie Snead ""took a shoulder to the helmet."" - @AaronKazreports

[[Twitter video] Play in question](https://twitter.com/thecheckdown/status/1323012850609090560)"
"Refs were garbage this game, Lamar played terrible, honestly I’m not mad at the play calling at some point we have to see if Lamar can pass the ball against good teams and right now it doesn’t look like he can. The weapons thing is very true when a quarterback is having a tough time dropping back and making defensive coverage reads and making the right pass the way you make up for that is more weapons. But that doesn’t take away from the fact that I’m seriously questioning Lamar right now I love his story, he has a Raven mentality but there are limitations right now that are glaring for Lamar. I’m not sure what we can do in the next couple days to get more weapons without using a 1st rounder or something of that nature. I’m not sure what his contract situation is like but perhaps trade Peters I mean he’s served us well but we need more offense right now. Although this is definitely an overreaction I just wanna put it out there for my peace of mind. But I would look at Darnold right now I believe he can do a lot better in our awesome organization. Roman and Darnold don’t necessarily fit together perfectly. But at the end of the day we still get another knock at the Steelers. Let’s see how this pans out. Last thing how awesome were our fans at the game making that much noise wow that was awesome. The Flock is stronger than ever"
"I've supported Lamar from Day 1 and still believe in him, but I'm getting real tired of people letting him off the hook every time he has bad games. 

Sure play calling could be better, he probably needs more reliable weapons and it's a team game, but he's the focal point. 

We all want the same thing, a MVP caliber Lamar. You don't get that by sweeping aside honest criticism and not holding him accountable as well."
That play call on 4th and 3 was one of the worst play calls all season.
"This is one of the most frustrating losses in recent memory.  Lamar needs to be better, no excuses.  He can’t be careless with the football and needs to find a way to figure things out.  With that being said, I think Greg Roman is a huge issue.  Running the football is so crucial for this team, and the play calls have been so fucking inconsistent.  Yes we ran the ball 47 times today, but his situational play calling has been abysmal.    We ended up scoring, but before the Hollywood TD, it’s 2nd & goal from the 3, and we ran 3 straight pass plays.  We seem incredibly predictable right now, and we won’t make it far if things don’t change. We need to establish the run early, and use it to set up some play action.  Our receiving corp isn’t built to move down the field with short passes every play, so if we want to be able to throw on early downs, forcing the defense to stack the box is a must.  Also, why the fuck do we never roll Lamar out?  Every single passing play is from the pocket.  I think rolling him out to the right would be incredibly effective, and it also gives him the opportunity to use his legs if he needs to.  With how bad our pass blocking looked, itd also keep Lamar from being pressured every damn play.  Tbh, it seems like Roman is trying to outsmart the other team every single play.  If he thinks they’re expecting a run, he calls a pass.  Idc what the other team is expecting; with how we can run the ball, we should run it down their fucking throats until they stop us."
"First of all fuck the refs. What a shit show. Absolutely horrendous calls out there today. Questionable play at the end of the game aside - how do we not get time back on for that injured player? Crazy.

Okay but really Lamar lost the game for us. Gifted the Steelers 14 points and that was the difference in the game. Offense was a little more consistent (finally running the ball!) but his three turnovers (I guess four with that 4th down fumble) killed us. Pick six, fumble in the red zone and then the other INT next play Ebron scores. Dude has to be better (HE WILL BE) but dude cost us today."
14 Steeler points off turnovers in a 4 point game and you fools wanna blame the refs 😂
"Yall need to take a step back and realize that we have the same record now as we did last year and last year the second loss was to the Browns, not a peak-performing Steelers team. We almost beat the best defense in the league even with multiple bad turnovers, losing 2 offensive linemen and a starting OLB. We still ran the ball for 265 yards against what was supposedly the best run defense in the league. The refs were godawful. There were tons of issues in this game and we almost won anyway. Grow up, take the L gracefully, and support the best Ravens team we've had in years, or find a new fanbase. This team is too good to have your fairweather bullshit stinking up the place."
"Last year we were 5-2 as well. We have a lot to improve on, but better to lose games like this now rather than later."
"Such an amazing game! The afc north is so stacked, one of the most talented young divisions... burrow, Lamar, assburger, mayfeathers... such good rivalry I’m so happy"
"Covid can go ahead and end this season  now, lol."
Are the mods going to do anything about the insane amount of Steeler fans in here? They’re even getting upvoted
"As a Pittsburgher who hates the Steelers, I’m sorry you guys got boned by the refs at the end."
"entire team failure, Jackson threw 2 ints, fumbles all over the place, poor play calling ,defense gave up giant fucking chunk plays everywhere on penalties, refs fucked us, and time management was suspect"
"Fucking last play was PI. Refs should have gave more time. Fucking lamar throwing picks.

I hate the NFL sometimes"
"I’m not being salty when I say it, but the Steelers do not deserve to be 7-0. Ravens were the better team out there. Ran all over their “top” defense but Lamar HANDED those damn picks."
"I believe sports are fixed now... before you downvote me look up Tim Donaghy, major sports tell them what to call. How can games be so lopsided when it comes to penalties. I refuse to believe that one team is almost perfect and not committing penalties and the other is getting huge calls against them."
"Hey guys, it is what it is. We still have a chance at the division, and we're still gonna make the playoffs. Love you all.

&#x200B;

Edit: Whoever hit me with that downvote, I'm going through a really tough time irl right now, just be glad you're able to actually care about a single football game."
[deleted]
Why the fuck are there 4 receivers in the same spot on that last play
Why the fuck didn’t Tony want to bring up the hit to the head on the last play of the game? Like that doesn’t fucking matter after all the soft calls against us all day? Total horseshit.
Pittsburg was given that game
"I bet Heyward was fucking faking it bc he knew the refs were gonna screw us over with that. He was ""injured"" earlier too."
mark andrews shits the bed whenever a team over .500 is on the schedule
It takes one bad game from Lamar for all the racists on this sub to pop out of the woodwork. Sad.
"This game was disgustingly riddled with ref ball blatantly favoring the steelers. Muiltiple times they had indeed committed delay of game, yet no call.

A corner barely touching a reciever on a ball that is not catchable at all ""PI"".

Then at the end of the game you have 2 clearly blown reff ball calls that should have these refs at least looking at fines for ineptitude. 

1) 7 extra seconds on the clock for the injury. They are allowed to go back and review the tape for that so fthey can assertain the time.

2) How in the heck is there not a personal foul on the final play. The reciever is clearly defensless and you nail him in the head. That should have been an extra play."
"The refs were dogshit, but you don't win the game with 3 giveaways and 110 penalty yards. Just too sloppy."
Hoes were not stunted upon.  I'm disappointed.
"**observations:**

\- Lamar is indecisive. He changes his base and only looks at the right side of the field, when he looks left he lobs and underthrows. He's making extremely poor decisions for a third year player. We really need some ppl to step up other than Snead.

\- FUCK EMPTY SETS. They don't work when you have a line that cant pass protect worth shit

\- Judon is garbage, Sack Daddy and Bowser took his role and set an edge better than him without the roughing penalties.

\- Refs were absolute trash on both sides. This game should've been 21-24 (assuming the 14pt swing from Lamar's awful throws counted still)

\- WHY THROW UNDERNEATH IN COVER 2?! Andrews was covered on that 2nd pick

\- Again FUCK EMPTY SETS. 5 Wide draw, empty backfield on FOURTH AND THREE? Are you fucking kidding me? JK was averaging over 6 YPC...Gus over 5. THEY COULDVE GOTTEN THE FUCKING FIRST

&#x200B;

refs definitely had a hand in it but this was a complete meltdown by our offense regardless of the score. So infuritiating

&#x200B;

In short we NEED BETTER PLAYCALLING. Greg Roman **has to fucking go**. You dont call these retarded plays with a TE split outside the #s against a Cover 2 IN THE FLAT. You throw deep or run a god damn crosser to push zones to one side of the field.

I just do not understand this play calling and if there is even scheming going on. We now have 2.5 seasons of a failure to adjust after the half. Really tired of it. We need young people as OCs not these old turds who do stupid shit from the 2000s"
"Steelers fan here, I come in peace
Just wanted to say how is your run game so good, you absolutely gashed us the whole game, yinz have something special with the running backs. Hopefully you guys can get everyone healthy for the Thanksgiving rematch. You have a great team down there"
Some of you are so fair weather it isn’t even funny.  Lamar was playing behind an eviscerated oline and basically didn’t have one clean pocket the entire game.  It was a great game and I’m not upset that we lost this one.
Jackson isn't even close to deserving a Franchise QB contract.
haha that was fucking awful
"Horrendous play calling part 8, love to see it GRo"
What was harbaugh saying at the end?
"Romo just confirmed they can’t call out bad reffing.

So what’s the point of having them"
Greg Roman needs to get his shit figured out or he has to go
They rushed every single play that second to last drive. Wasted huge amounts of clock and gave the Steelers time to adjust. Genius.
We had too many penalties during the game and that came to haunt us.
Please someone save this offense and get yanda on weight gain 4000
"Penalties continue to be a problem. Offense is still inconsistent but the defense looked improved since the philly game. Going forward we are going to have a huge problem with pass proctection, but the run blocking looks like it will be fine."
It's sad that when we're down under 2mins with no timeouts I already now the game is lost. This team can not make comebacks.
We couldn’t have run the option again on the game deciding 4th down that they couldn’t defend all game? Aight fam
"This game is inexcusable. We come off a bye week, gift our biggest rival 14 points, continue the lack of discipline for penalties from the eagles game, and show why everyone has been calling for a more run heavy offense. This is a loss that goes against Lamar, Roman, Harbaugh, and EDC. In that order. Lamar for continuing to make rookie mistakes, Roman for not playing this offense to its strengths and mitigating those Lamar mistakes, Harbaugh for not having the team disciplined, and EDC for not bringing in or developing weapons for Lamar. Harbaugh may get a slight pass for the refs since it was a shit show."
"What a fucking joke. Lamar played like shit, the team showed no discipline, and we're playing with a backup offensive line."
my main takeaway is that this loss is 100x worse given we were in it without two starting linemen.
"i honestly dont even find myself caring

like i just dont anymore 

cant trust this team with shit"
Anyone else feel like they got a cardio workout after that game?
"I don't feel great about that win as a Steelers fan, a lot of ticky-tack calls that went in the Steelers favor. Hopefully the next game we have better officiating."
Worst part is this was after our bye....you know the week we should look our best....and we looked timid
Like fuck man if ur gonna call shitty calls then call if both ways at least FUCK
"Pretty much the worst possible scenario. Major injuries, tensions high, poor Lamar performance, tight loss..."
"Lamar showed a lot of resilience in the midst of a below average game against a great opponent. He may have made a lot of mistakes, but he also kept getting us back in it. It sucks but we're still in a great spot overall. Let's get to Thanksgiving"
And now onto the whiskey..
Something that hurts is once the offense did get their shit together and take the lead the defense let them go the other way. Flaccoesque.
"Lamar was brutal today. He needs to be better. Can’t diagnose QB play well enough to pin-point what is going on outside of o-line play and lack of game-changing receiving options but man, it’s disappointing to see him make such bad plays like today’s two picks and the lack of awareness on the fumble."
"This is a challenge for Lamar to mentally recover from an emotional loss midseason. The bounce-back or lack thereof will set the tone for the next half-decade. 

Better lose ugly here and learn from it, than get blown-out in the AFC championship."
"I don't understand why GRo keeps calling this shit pass plays when we know our OLine is like swiss cheese with these injuries, our receivers are barely getting separation, and our quarterback keeps second-guessing himself. JK and Gus had an insane game today and the fact that they were invisible when we needed them shows yet again how fucking DOGSHIT our playcalling is. Not gonna hop on the fire GRo train right now but jesus christ man, stick to what works for us instead of trying to prove Lamar's a passer, fuck the noise and do what makes us win."
Okay I need stop posting in here but with the game on the line HOW DO YOU GO 5 WIDE WITH NO ONE IN THE BACKFIELD. We had been gashing them with the option play on that run.  Why not at least make them potentially defend the run. Every single person knew it was a draw when they went 5 wide.
My brother is a Steelers fan ( I live in the U.K.) i lost my mind today. AMA
"If they lose next week, it's time to worry."
How could you trust Lamar with the game in his hands at this point?
"This offense is built around and for Lamar Jackson, he needs to play better."
"Just wanted to pop in here and say I appreciate the cordiality in the main game-thread. Obviously, dicks on both sides, but enjoyed it with y’all. 

See you on Thanksgiving."
Bad officiating and bad coaching poor execution too predictable this was a fubar
"I gotta put my blame on those fucking penalties. Yes lamar was brutally bad today but I do think we could have won If our defense didnt screw up with over 100 yards penalties. Ridiculous. 

Also am I the only one losing faith in Andrews? I feel like he’s been majorly regressing too."
Can someone please explain how you can't fumble the ball forward EXCEPT when you score a touchdown like the Eagles did 2 weeks ago?
Stanley out for season 😢😢😢
"Man I know he was just signed, but it would've been the perfect time to send a big bodied Dez Bryant in for a sideline/corner contested catch...albeit it would've meant promoting him from the practice squad and idk if we could afford to do that with all the line replacements we had. 

Another very poor showing by the offense. Defense had difficulty in the 2nd half on the empty sets. I will say the 4 man rush seemed a lot more effective with Ngakoue than it was before."
We beat ourselves today with turnovers. Despite the injuries we did good. This loss will sharpen us for weeks to come. They are the toughest team left on our schedule IMO. HOLD YA HEAD UP. We were dominating and a few mistakes like 3 turnovers is a lot even for the best teams. We know who we are and we’re on everyone’s radar. We got this.
Every Steelers fan is welcome to kiss the fattest part of my ass
Can’t even start to explain how much I hate that pos Ben
[Statement from OLB Matthew Judon. - @Ravens](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ElxNoCNXEAEa7bh.jpg)
"Terrible decision-making by Lamar all game. Take away his two interceptions and fumble, and it's at least a 17-point swing. Could have been up 20-0 at halftime. Defense played fine, but tired of the pass interference on every deep ball.

This is a game you have to win, especially when they found a way to run the ball (finally) despite having zero offensive line.

Pittsburgh is most likely going to be 10-0 going into our Thanksgiving game, and there's a good chance that game could give them the division title."
"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk)

&#x200B;

Lamar has to look outside at least a little bit, Boykin was WIDE OPEN"
I am sad...
"The one take away I have from this game is, I watched our defense generate pressure on a quarterback with a four man rush multiple times. Something we haven’t been able to do in forever. 

Let’s realign this offense to be a run first, second, third and maybe even fourth offense that doesn’t turn the ball over and we can be tough to beat. Even with Stanley going down, we could clearly still run the ball against the second best run defense in the league. Not quite 2000 because this offense is better by miles. No reason we can’t win. Just need to protect that football."
Serious question that I ask as I sit here in my Lamar Jackson jersey. But assuming we're the 5th seed now if we don't win a playoff game do we extend Lamar.
Activate Bryant for thanksgiving
This one sucks fellas. I tell my self every week not to be so invested that it makes you sad when a team loses but it happens every time we take an L. But we gotta dust this one off and get back to work. Should be good by Wednesday
"Both offenses were trash today. I think in four weeks we will see a much better game offensively from both teams. Props to the D coordinators who out-schemed the offenses. 

I think if the we limit our  mistakes the next go around we will beat Pittsburgh. They are 7-0 for a reason though, their offense will come to play next time and ours needs to step up to the challenge."
"Obviously, it's not an exact metric cause shit happens. But to have a fucking Ravens/Steelers game, possibly the best knock down-drag out match up where 1 team has 3 penalties for 30 yards and the other team has 9 or 10 for 100+ yards?

Something's fucky

*disclaimer: I might be off on the exact penalty numbers. I just remember the last graphics I saw had the Steelers at 3/30 and the Ravens at 110 penalty yards."
Today Greg Roman learned that running the ball the whole game can work. Stop getting cute and pound the ticking rock. And I think Lamar probably needs to go back to basics a bit. Fundamentals are falling apart.
"Shout out to Dobbins, we got a real one out there!"
Imagine if Brown caught that last second pass though...
I think we have to find ways to get Lamar rolling out and throwing on the run. Need different types of play action and ways where he doesn't have to sit in the pocket and step up into it.
Hollywood looked open that last play
"I don't know what to do to help Lamar. Maybe he's tired. Or maybe it's mental. His throws looked very weak today, both interceptions looked like ranging throws instead of honest-to-goodness throws. Even on the incomplete pass in the corner of the end zone. Half the QBs in the league are turning into ""RB QBs"", and defenses are going to retool themselves to shut it down. If Lamar can't up his passing game, we may never improve on what we did last year. 

We also need to work on basic errors that we're making. Sure we had ghost penalties called against us, but things like twelve men on the field, illegal shifts, not being set, etc... These are things Harbaugh and Co. need to crack down on. Not sure what that's about, but we really do need to work on it. Would be interesting to see how we compare to others on penalties."
Refs jobbed us but I ain’t that mad because we didn’t play well at all. Lamar and Roman need to get their acts together.
What’s wrong with Lamar this season? Is he playing injured or something?
"A loss in Week 8 isn't typically a big deal, but when you look at the upcoming schedules, we're in quite a hole.

Heading into the rematch on Thanksgiving night, Pittsburgh has Dallas, Cincinnati, and Jacksonville, which should put them at 10-0.  We have Indianapolis, New England, and Tennessee, so let's say we go 2-1, which puts us at 7-3.  A loss in the rematch game would put us four games out of first place with five games to go, so basically Pittsburgh could clinch the division before December.

Had we won yesterday, we'd both be sitting at 6-1, and it would be a dogfight till the end.  Crazy how one game not even halfway through the season has such a huge impact."
"DAY AFTER OPINIONS:  
Disappointing loss, we were definitely the better team but the undisciplined play, and poor ref'ing was the nail in the coffin.  
- Run game looked awesome after Alualu went out for the Steelers. We switched up our typical power run style and started working in more zone run plays and the Steelers just couldn't beat the RB reads that Dobbins was making. Dobbins looked incredible today and I think its clear we are going to see him take that #1 RB spot with Gus and Ingram as the 1B and 2B going forward.  
- Offensive line was ok even after all the injuries piled up. Sucks we lost Stanley and hope he recovers well and is good to go for the beginning of next season. Going forward we may run into some issues with depth on the o line so its worth keeping an eye on this group.
- Lamar was just overall poor today and the turnovers were the topping on the shit cake he had today. Credit to the Steelers defense because they got awesome pressure today and made some plays but the pick six was inexcusable. I expect him to be better going forward and he can work to turn things around next week on the road against the Colts.
- I can't tell if our WR's dont fit into our offense play style, or if they just aren't good at all. The passing game just seems so uninspired and I think it hurts Lamar because no one is really ""open"" on any play he's being forced to fit in passes on covered players.
- Roman did a wonderful job using the run game on that two minute drill and I don't really know if any team in the NFL besides the Titans(and Derrick Henry) can do a two minute drill of just straight up run plays. Problem comes down to key plays at the end of games where he gets a bit too cute. Lamar shouldn't have had a QB draw, it should have been a Gus/Dobbins run up the gut.  
- Defense as a whole did a pretty good job stopping their offense, but they caught the short end of the stick with ref'ing and also Judon catching an ejection. Really unacceptable for Judon to act that way and he hurt the team in a huge way. Overall no real complaints from this side of the ball.  

The offense just needs to be better all around. It wont happen unless every person buys into it. Next week we play a very good Colts team that we should be able to handle. Hopefully we can get back on track against a winning team. I think the Division is still in reach but I think we will probably end up as a WC team and to be honest I think this may benefit us."
"Man, Hollywood was open on the final play."
You could swear we are 2-5 LOL by the pile-on going on this morning
"Man we shoulda won and everybody who watched knows we fucking should of.

The Steelers weren't good we just fucking shot ourselves in the foot."
At least the ravens are still winning the games they are supposed to. Can’t be mad that they’re losing to the big bros.
"Soooo with the shear size of him, Dez makes that catch on the endzone at the buzzer right? Any news on activating him?"
Shout out to Lamar for gifting the Steelers a net of 17 points at least. Unanimous MVP lmao
"Steelers fan here, coming in peace. I think the Ravens performed really well today. I see people shitting on the refs and Jackson, but from the seats on the other side. I saw a couple ticky-tacky calls that went both ways, and a Ravens QB that nearly gave me a stroke. He wasn't perfect, but he was damn good, and slipperier than a greased pig. One TD is overturned due to a flag, but then he slings it right back to the same guy.

This was a great game on both sides, frankly, had you won you would have easily earned it. This was a game I was REALLY nervous about, may more so than any other in our lineup.

Fuck the Bengals."
"Refs, Lamar and Greg Roman."
Imagine running the football 4 times while losing by 4 with 2 minutes left
Can’t wait to hear the same old bullshit in the post game
[deleted]
"This game was just complete and utter frustration. Stupid turnovers, penalties, refball. I feel like if 1-2 things would have gone differently we could have come out on top. Honestly, if not for Lamar's 2nd int, this may have been a blowout. We absolutely could have won this game, but we won't be winning anything in the postseason if we don't get our shit together."
"Can we just lose with dignity for christ sake? We didnt execute, on to next week"
A true MVP performance
"Damnit dude, this feels like a good Ol’ fashion Joe Flacco loss."
"I said it last week and I'll say it again, Lamar is the biggest problem right now. It's not that he's a bad player because he isn't. The issue is that he's playing very average right now (I would argue that in this game he was bad but in the season he's been average) and needs to do better. You can't give the ball away and you can't always look to run. That 4th down play was awful, should have thrown it up in the air over running into 6 defenders"
[removed]
[removed]
"Lamar fucking sucks. I don’t care what anyone says.

Edit: Downvote all you want. He’s been horrible this season, and this game was the icing."
[removed]
#EDC TRADE FOR A WR (ANYONE AT THIS POINT) AND OL
"Loss is on Lamar for me as well, but can we all just stop being so fucking negative every single time he makes a bad play? It's like the majority of you want him to fail...and relish when he does play bad.

Maybe remember the bloke is playing behind a poor offensive line (especially this game after Stanley/Phillips go down) and has below average receivers. Dude did win MVP last year, and maybe thats why everyone is so harsh on him because we all have high expectations. Just reckon we need to chill a little bit."
"Lamar is over rated. Take away his run, and he’s not a good QB at all. Ravens can’t beat a good team, they just can’t."
Please stop blaming the refs. We should have run the ball more in the 2nd half and Lamar crapped the bed today. We were the better team and lost at home. SMH.
We lost today too😔 We’re joining you in mourning.
"I saw there was a comment on the Judon ejection from Head of Officiating, but was there anything mentioned about the injury/not adding time back situation yet?"
[removed]
[removed]
Pittsburgh makes big plays
[removed]
"Guys we just aren’t as good as Pittsburgh this year. We need to accept it. Sadly, Lamar has hit his ceiling"
Refs tried their hardest. Lamar can’t throw.
[deleted]
[removed]
"I kind of don’t like Lamar, dude was smiling on the sideline after throwing the game. I don’t think we can go deep with that immaturity."
[removed]
I’m starting to fear that people will compare lamar to Baker Mayfield. I think the reason he’s gotten a pass so far was because he won MVP last season.
"#The rules are simple:

* **Submit a player/coach/position group**, preferably **in BOLD** to stand out easier. Add stats/reasoning if you want.

* Make sure your nominee has not already been submitted. 

#**Previous Weeks**

* Week 1: Lamar Jackson
* Week 2: Marlon Humphrey
* Week 3: Whole team except special teams (blame)
* Week 4: Patrick Queen
* Week 5: Defense
* Week 6: Calais Campbell

#**This week's nominees are...**"
Lamar Jackson.
LAMAR bad plays all day till the end
Lamar turning the ball over.  His fault.
Lamar and penalties.
Lamar
Lamar. Those interceptions killed us.
"Lamar, can't have 4 turnovers in a rivalry game."
Lamar
Lamar Jackson
110% Lamar Jackson
Lamar—We need to hold the MVP accountable
Lamar Jackson. 100%
"Lamar. Single handedly kept the steelers in it the 1st half, the interception at the start of the 3rd was killer."
Lamar.
"The guy who handed the Steelers 14 easy fucking points. Of course its Lamar. He's played poorly all game, this is the worst."
"Sorry to say but Lamar.

With a assist from the refs"
Lamar Jackson sprinkle some Greg Roman but I can’t keep blaming Greg if lamar is going to fucking suck like that
Lamar Jackson and it's not even close. He had the worst game of his career. We rushed for hundreds of yards and yet his passing still lost us the game.
"Lamar. Period. 

2 turnovers in the red zone, one just out of it. Pick 6. 

We win this game going away without Lamar's coughing up the ball."
If your answer is not Lamar you are wrong.
Penalties. 100+ yards doesn't cut it.
"**Lamar Jackson**

Directly responsible for 14 points for the steelers. 

And cost us at least 3 by the TO in their redzone."
"lamar's three turnovers were a difference of at least 17 points, can't really be anyone else"
If you don't blame jackson you're blind or a homer. Refs didn't help but at the same time the picks speak for themselves
Lamar Jackson. Awful throws. Poor running when he needed to make plays. Fumbles. All around horrible play.
Lamar had 4 turnovers in this game. Both INTS were rookie passes that an MVP shouldn't be making. The first fumble was a horrible decision to hold on to the ball too long
"It's Lamar. Greg roman made some great adjustments, didn't give up on the run. We dominated the top run defense. lamar made a lot of mistakes that you can't put on anyone else. It wasn't just the turnovers. He consistently made the wrong decision on who to hand the ball to on option plays and missed receivers in bad ways, took a lot of sacks, didn't win 1 on 1's when it mattered the most like that 4th&3 on the second to last drive.

 Penalties didn't help. Some of the ref ball really pissed me off, the judon ejection was weak imo, The clock should have stopped for the injury but it didn't. 27 getting hit with forward progress the second before running out of bounds. All of that stuff is pretty hard to argue imo, you don't even have to reach for the large number of exceedingly ticky tack stuff. But I expect this crap in Ravens Steelers games. Had lots of chances to win despite all that."
Lamar
Lamar Jackson
"Lamar. Will always love him for 2019 and have a ton of special memories associated with him, but this season has been concerning. He has a long way to go..."
"Lamar, can't make that many mistakes against a team like the Steelers."
"Lamar. Even if he can't make the throw, he needs to hang on to the fucking ball."
LAMAR JACKSON. This loss entirely 100% on him
"Love the dude an unhealthy amount, but Lamar cost us the game. Off target most of the day, and the turnovers absolutely killed us. Looked like we could go for the throat up 17-7 and he put them right back in the game, then simply couldn't get it done at the end.

I come away feeling like the better team despite the loss, but now we're 2 games behind and the majority of the blame is on 8 this week"
"It hurts to say, but Lamar Jackson"
Lamar. His 3 costly turnovers completely changed the game.
"Lamar easily. Not even a question. Sub 50% completion percentage, 3, count them 3, almost 4, turnovers, and only 2 tds. Honorary mention to Roman for his pants on head retarded home calling and pass plays so bland that Jason Garrett wouldn't clap at them."
Jackson
Lamar Jackson
I’m so disappointed in lamar jackson. He gave the Steelers 14 points. inexcusable.
"Lamar Jackson. Even if we ignore the fact we could've gotten 3 on two of those turnovers, we still would've been in a much better position by literally punting the ball."
Lamar Jackson x 100
This isn’t remotely debatable. Lamar Jackson handed Pittsburgh 14 points.
Lamar
"Only one answer. Lamar Jackson. He's just not that guy this season. Bottom of the barrel passer so far, awful decision after awful decision"
Lamar had a rough one
"Who can watch this game and actually pretend it was enjoyable? Lamar was shit, OC kept flip flopping on what was working, and the the refs completely fucked us repeatedly."
Lamar Fucking Jackson.
Lamar
"Lamar Jackson.

7 weeks in and he still looks astonishingly mediocre."
Lamar
Lamar Jackson.
Lamar jackson
Lamar
Lamar
Lamar Jackson.
This loss is 100% on Lamar. For the first 3 quarters he was the Steelers best offenss
"Could go a few ways, but I’d say Lamar is the biggest reason we lost"
I'm happy the majority of us can call Lamar out when he plays like shit. I remember when Joe played like shit and a significant portion of the fan base excused it for years.
"Refs. They don't even try to hide it. They defied the injury timeout rule at the end of the game too.

Dishonorable mention to Lamar"
Lamar and Coaches
"**LAMAR JACKSON.** 

Had 4 turnovers and 3 of them cost us 14 points because it went to Pittsburgh and another 3 when we were in FG range."
"Lamar, he handed this game to the steelers"
#LAMAR JACKSON
It’s Lamar. His ball security looks like his rookie year. Dudes still shook from KC or something.
LAMAR. Giving the team 14 points is just bad. Its one thing to turn the ball over;  its another to turn it when deep in your own territory
Lamar Jackson
OSU fan here (Steelers too admittedly). J.K looked great and I hope he sees some more handle time. That man can ball.
"Clearly it's Lamar. Without those turnovers, we have a 2 TD lead going into half. And then the turnover to start off the second half is officially what brought them back in. Seemed to play well under pressure late, which is good as that's a part of his game that has been in question, but it wasn't enough to negate everything he had done earlier."
"Lamar all the way.  


Look, I like the guy but, there's no excuse for his play today. I hope this loss is the one that eats away at him; the one that he takes so damn personal that his game starts to improve over the remaining games."
#Lamar
**lamar jackson**
Lamar
"Lamar, inconsistent, turnover prone and led this team to a loss that we easily could have won."
Lamar lost us this game. Wtf man. Wtf.
Lamar “4 Turnovers” Jackson
Lamar Jackson. Him playing poorly against actual competition is becoming a trend.
Lamar Jackson and to anyone who thinks otherwise then you’re a stan.
LaMar. Too many turnovers and easy completions missed.
Lamar Jackson. Hate to say it.
Lamar. Took at least 3 away and gave thrm 14
"Blame of the game:

&#x200B;

Offensive line- after Stanley and Phillips went out it just sucked.  Fluker isn't cutting it at LT all the time.  


Lamar- he played like ass. trying to do hero ball too much. directly responsible for 14 enemy points.

&#x200B;

Offensie coordinator-  at times in the game the offenisve playcalling was trash. What is all this throw over the middle when they were clogging it up? Why never go deep to people like Proche and/or Duvernay? Qb draw on 4th/4? just why"
Lamar and it’s not even close
Lamar
Can’t be anyone but Lamar. You can’t turn the ball over three times in this matchup. Unacceptable
Lamar
Lamar blew this one badly
 lamar gifted them 14 points inexcusable
"Lamar Jackson, what a putrid game"
LAMAR JACKSON
**Lamar and penalties**
"Ton of games were Lamar gets hate but didn’t deserve it. This one definitely deserves, can’t turn the ball over that many times and still win"
"I've said for weeks that this offense has looked off and Lamar's mistakes wouldn't hold up against a solid team.

Well, there we have it."
"Lamar. Worst game he's had.

Close second is Roman for his playcalling"
Easy Lamar. I love the fucker but it was his fault today. Too many turnovers. Refs too but we usually can battle through some of that bs.
Refs!!!! So many bullshit PI calls not to mention the last play of the game and not adding time back on the clock
Greg Roman deciding to run Lamar on 4th down when the ENTIRE world knew that was coming.
"Here’s an interesting take.

Bonds.

Did some fan put on a jersey and helmet? Who the fuck is this guy?"
"Lamar first but Roman and Harbs deserve some blame.

Roman because he kept trying to set up the run with the pass leading to some awful ints that gave the Steelers so many points.

Harbs because this is the second game in a row with 100+ penalty yards and it’s far from the only game where penalties killed us.

Lamar as everyone is saying should get the main blame, those ints were brutal and there were a few other near-ints or just straight terrible throws that it’s a miracle weren’t picked, but the playcalling hasn’t been doing him any favors. We are run-first team - all the success this season has come from running the ball - why are we so committed to weird pass plays when it’s not needed, especially on a bad weather day? Idk what’s going on with Lamar passing wise - his wrs were all on today - but he’s gotta get it together with the turnovers.

This team needs a gutcheck. The season is far from over but the division crown is seemingly out of reach now. There is no reason this team can’t succeed on offense running the ball like last year, they just keep getting in their own way at the worst times."
"
Blame Lamar Jackson

Lamar Jackson once again trying to do too much too often. 4 and 3? RBs avg 6.5 YPC? He tries to run and gets stuffed. End of the game throws into triple coverage when he could use his legs, scramble and buy some time for his receivers to get open. This one is all on Lamar.

Defense played exceptionally well but my God. 90 yards in penalties? I understand Steelers rivalry is real but control your fucking tempers out there in a crucial game like this. Caught the L and lost Stanley for the season. Couldn't be worse than this. So only going up from here?

Blame Lamar Jackson"
Lamar I love you. But you had a bad game. It’s Lamar
"Jackson.

No matter what your opinion of the refs, you can't perform at this level and get away with it. We deserved to lose."
"Penalties/Refs/Lack of Discipline

I don’t care if you break 450 yards, if you give up over 100 in penalties you are asking for a L"
I'd say Lamar. He just need to play better flat out. But G-Ro is a close second. We need to start scheming our receivers open.
Lamar can't win big games. Lamar can't throw outside the numbers. Lamar can't win in must pass situations. Prove me wrong
"Referees.  
  
Steelers offensive game plan was to throw deep and hope for PIs. Humph and MP were disciplined, did their jobs, and were punished repeatedly. Outside of that, the Steelers offense couldn’t get anything going aside from the short field TDs.  
  
The Skura phantom hold on Lamar’s TD extended a drive that should’ve been over.  
  
The ref’s flop on the Judon altercation was fucking laughable. He knew what he was doing.    
  
Not gonna knock the Hollywood call, it was close and challenging it was a waste of a time-out that we desperately needed.  
  
And almost no penalties on the other side of the ball. Did they get flagged at all in the second half?  
  
I know it’s cliche to bitch about refs after a tough loss, but the Steelers probably don’t score more than 14 if those horrendous phantom PIs aren’t there. Was offensive playcalling bad? Yup. Was Lamar great? No way. Did the Steelers ball out on defense? Sort of sometimes, I guess. But at the of the day, the defense played so much better than the scoreboard says, and the refs swung it with those godawful PI calls.  
  
Here’s hoping we never see this officiating crew again."
Lamar gifted the Steelers points and the refs fucked us every chance they could
"I hate to do this, but Lamar threw 2 picks that resulted in 14 points. Have to put it on Lamar. Shout out to the refs for soft ass officiating and fucking us out of time at the end of the game."
Lamar definitely regressed this year.  Hard to see why anyone can still be in denial.  Some throws he makes simply makes you scratch you head.  He could have had at least 2 or 3 more picks today.
If we can’t trust Lamar to throw when the game is on the line then what’s the point of having him. It’s obvious he hasn’t improved at all and I don’t want another big contract Flacco situation. They need to seriously evaluate if Lamar is the future
REFS Steelers WRs get to commit OPI constantly and they just call it on our DBs
"Refs were pretty crappy, but Lamar played pretty poorly"
"Lamar ""Choke in Big Games"" Jackson"
Y’all are on crack the refs def changed the game just as much as Lamar probably more
"Lamar is making some fucking stupid ass rookie looking mistakes man. Every week I see him and he kind of plays with this weird lackadaisical attitude like very mellow and chill. The problem is, it bites him in the ass and he turns the ball over. Both picks were so fucking stupid. Same with last year when we played them. It’s frustrating because we obviously can’t replace him at Quarterback, but it’s like what do we do to fix it? 

Roman had good playcalls for the most part u til we got into the redzone, im not sure why we *again* abandoned the run there. Ugh whag a frustrating loss."
#Lamar & Roman
"Lamar, coaching. We aren't as good as we think we are we constantly beat ourselves"
Lamar and penalties. Thats it
ME
Is pains me to say Lamar and dog shit officiating
Penalties.
[deleted]
"GREG ROMAN LIKE ALWAYS. Abandons the run when its working and forces Lamar to throw. He is the biggest issue with every single one of our loses. Kick his ass to the curb. We have so much skill and talent and he wastes it. Lamar is without fault, but if we ran it way more than we did we would have won."
Greg Fucking Roman
I get super annoyed with harbaugh lately not gonna lie.
Refs
"Lamar did enough to lose the game. 

He also did enough to win it."
"Lamar for turnovers

Refs for stupid penalties and officiating

And Greg for not running the ball"
Refs and Lamar
Obviously we needed to get that 4th and 3rd I would think that would ice the game for us but terrible calling a straight up Lamar run... bruh dobbins and Gus were eating all game they could have easily got 3 yards. Roman needs to go tonight. Lamar having basically 4 TOs is inexcusable
"Obviously Lamar. But Harbaugh gets some blame for some terrible clock management. On our second to last drive we made no attempt to run our third and fourth down plays before the 2 minute warning. If we could have had that, we would have had an extra minute on our final drive. 

1st down: Timeout 
2nd down: timeout
3rd down: two minute warning
4th down the pint starts with the clock stopped and we get the ball back with almost two minutes left.


And that injury timeout, did he even fight for extra time???"
"Lamar threw some dogshit balls 
Skura couldn’t block a blind paraplegic 
The officials gave more free blowjobs today then Kevin Spacey"
"Lamar mostly, but these refs were complete dogshit. 

The PI's, ejecting Judon, hold on Skura, not calling defenseless receiver on Snead, not adding time. 

 Like that was replacement ref level of incompetence"
Lamar and Roman.
"**Lamar**


**Refs**


Flipping either one of them individually would've probably resulted in a win."
Definitely Lamar but I'd love to see All 22 or something like that to understand what happened where Hollywood only got 2 targets
Refs/coaches/Lamar
Lamar with an honorable mention to the tax break of a referee that decided not to put time on the clock because he wanted to go home
Lamar
Lamar sadly
Lamar was ass but we’d be having the same conversation about Ben if the game was Reffed even half fairly
"Fair to say it’s Lamar Jackson and sprinkle in some Greg Roman. Hopefully we can chalk this up to Lamar having a bad game and the momentum at the end carries over into next week. I’d love him to make more throws like the one to Snead at the end of the game that he caught. We really need some better schemes for our receivers. Getting Dez on the field will hopefully help. On the plus side, our rushing attack was amazing, Dobbins looks fantastic, Gus is still a Bus and the rest of the team is coming along nicely. Just if our offense could have scored or not turned the ball over as much it would have energized our defense more. Those PI calls were bulls hit tho"
Lamar. Hate it.
"Lamar Jackson.

Refs."
Lamar
"Lamar and the ref ball. 

Lamar is #1 but the ref ball seriously needs to be called out for its blatant favoritism today. Why was Judon ejected? He was clearly getting people off him and the ref was far too close to him, you are supposed to as a ref step back when a team is handeling thier own, not stirring the pot. The refusal to add more time to the clock, that's on the refs. No penalty on a clear defenseless hit on a reciever while calling PI over normal stuff players do all the time that are standard ""No Calls""."
REFEREES
We live and die by Lamar. He's our guy. And today we died more than we lived.
LamaRG3. We are now in 2013 RG3 territory. Last year was 2012 RG3 on steroids
Lol Lamar is my favorite player on Pittsburgh 😂
"Not related, but... I LOVE PATRICK QUEEN. Absolute stud. He gives his heart and soul every single Sunday. Look at this game, all the critical run stops and whatnot, he was there. The ferocity and passion he plays with. Never gives up and THAT SPEED he hits with. In my mind Patrick Queen is the epitome of a Raven."
"This is the first game of the season where i felt like Greg Roman has worn out his welcome. That 4th and 3 call was predictable and I called it in the game thread. If I knew it, obviously the Steelers did too. That was a terrible play call.

Lamar cost us the game too, even though he pulled us back in it...but you can't overcome 2 turnovers that led to TDs. If that doesn't happen, we win the game."
Lamar
"Lamar, easy"
Lamar for sure. He's got to get better protection in the pocket. I believe that no quarterback is good wo an offensive line.
Greg Roman
Lamar Jackson and it's not even close. If someone tries to put this on Roman or anyone else they're out of their mind.
"Lamar was just not cutting it today, our rbs were making plays, it was just ass after our 2 olinemen got injured.  For the d, those over agressive man covers often times bite us in the ass with those damn penalties.  Lamar lost us this one though with those 2 ridiculous ints.  Sigh."
"its Lamar. 

even if its unfair to pin it totally on him, its him."
"Lamar. Those two interceptions cost us. 

Also... why go for a qb run on that last 4th and 3rd. Our running backs were averaging over 10 yards a carry on that last drive. Just a bad play call hand it off, dont try to be a hero Jackson."
"**Lamar Jackson**

Bad decisions when they hurt us the most. Can’t get down to the red zone only to give it away.

But the whole fucking team played sloppier than a shit sandwich down a flume ride."
Gotta be lamar and his decision making. Or me cuz I posted my newborn to the sub at half then we lost.
Lamar
Lamar
"Lamar

Turn overs were costly but I have faith in him he’s a good guy and I know he will put in extra work 

Dobbins/gus did great on the other hand"
**Lamar Jackson/Brad Allen's crew**
"Greg Roman gets my vote, his scheme has run its course similar to the 49ers."
LAMAR JACKSON
"Clearly on **Lamar**.  I like Lamar a lot and I hope he gets it together.  He's being hard headed and not playing his game.  Keeps trying to prove something he doesn't have to prove.  That said, it's a lot more fun to watch the Lamar run Ravens than the Flacco run Ravens."
"REFS, ROMAN, AND LAMAR"
Greg Roman
Refs can lick the shit from my asscheeks
Referees for sure. Lamar was the best offensive player of the game.
John Harbaugh is soft.  Brian Billick would have this team 7-0.
"Lamar Jackson. 

Nobody Cares. Work Harder and win an important game in 2020!"
"I can’t believe no one has said this yet, but Lamar Jackson."
Lamar. Played like a fucking trash can. Watching justin herbert chuck it rn is deflating
Every single person in here saying Lamar yet we still win that game even with his horrible play if it isn’t for the 100 yards of garbage one sided officiating and high school play calling.
[removed]
Matt Judon.
Refs
Honourable mention to Matthew Fucking Judon.
"I'm honestly going with Harbaugh...
Hear me out, if we had kicked the field goal at 4th and 3 and everything else stayed the same after that we would have won. We were in field goal range with 8 seconds to go at the end. 
We have a struggling offense, a literal cheat code kicker, and a very high level offense. Get the score within a field goal in a 4th &3 with that much time left. It was bad decision making from him"
*Greg Roman*
Lamar is ass
"Refs,
 lamar jackson honorable mention"
Greg Roman
Greg Roman. Then the Refs.
Judon for hitting a ref and making them fuck us over for the rest of the game.
**Refs**
"Penalties.

Lamar didn't let his mistakes shake him which I'd say kept us in there"
"I see a lot of Lamar in here and while he didn’t play well, the refs really ruined the game by making ridiculous calls"
Refs
Refs. Most blatant collusion I've ever seen in a game
Greg Roman for abandoning the run then remembering we could run then choosing that ridiculous 4th and 3 call
Lamar Jackson deserves a mention but.... GREGG ROMAN. WITH THE MOST PREDICTABLE 4th and 3 IVE EVER SEEN
Lamar Jackson is a hoe that struts on himself. That is all.
"I'm going with turnovers, penalties, and losing two offensive lineman in the first quarter. A few of the PIs I thought were questionable. A few more seconds in the clock at the end I didn't were deserved which would have given one more play.

On a positive note, I was happy to see the run game return with Dobbins, Edwards and Snead. There was a pretty decent day for the wrs. Defense played great. Can't say anything bad there other than penalties.

Overall, with the exception of dumb mistakes, it was a very positive game. A lot of good things happened today."
Unpopular opinion; yea Lamar was brutal but I think penalties in the second half did us in even more. We just CANNOT give the Steelers over 100 yards for free. Pathetic
Refs
Lamar with some assists by the refs and G-ro calling empty set on fourth and 3
Lamar and the refs
Refs 👀
"This sub. I've never seen such a disgraceful display from our fans. We lost by one score and probably should have been blown out yet the game thread was complete cancer.

EDIT: I miss when this sub wasn't a bunch of bandwagoners and fairweather fans. This place has become so shameful. R.I.P. /r/ravens"
[deleted]
"Harbaugh!

That effing moron always goes for it in 4th down and blows the game. With A FG you are down by 1, they got the ball back and were in FG range at the end. He always does this in important games. Jack ass"
""
Hey man we don’t do this to opponents subs. Show some respect
Have fun with the ban
Your broke your subreddit's rule #10.
[deleted]
They were awful all game but Lamar can’t play this terrible.
Nah. Bad decision by qb1
I thought it was tbh but its close
we get blatantly fucked by refs on a regular basis. nothing new. we gave the game away with too many mistakes and turnovers.
"Can somebody smarter than me, Romo, and Nance apparently explain to me why didn’t get more time on the clock at the end of the game?"
"because these refs are jokes, outstanding matchup and good game ruined by ref ball"
Refs were pissed about Judon.
"I'm waiting on the NFL officiating twitter answer this question.

Maybe we should spam them."
"Hey, fellow Euro-Ravens! I know there is the Europe NFL shop, but I was wondering whether any of you guys know of any alternatives that also sell Ravens merch?"
The US store won’t ship to Europe? I don’t mind shipping one to you if you want something “official”.
I know there is an NFL uk store. They will tell you if they ship throughout Europe or not.
[deleted]
"Football is a team sport, no one player wins or loses a game. Yes a kicker may hit a game winning FG, but the offense or defense got him to that point. Conversely, a team may lose the game due to a turnover, which could be a result of QB play, O line, or receivers, generally it a combination of all three. This isn’t fantasy football."
""
""
"The Ravens will be hosting veteran S Antoine Bethea for a tryout.

***

posted by [@FieldYates](https://twitter.com/FieldYates)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Had a bunch of tackles last year
"From PFF:

Solid veteran secondary mercenary for hire, Antoine Bethea has reached the rolling short-stop stage of his career. Since he left the Colts, he has had stops in San Francisco, Arizona and New York with the Giants, and in each location has had at least a solid year to begin before things started to decline. The Giants didn’t let him get to year two to see that downturn in fortunes, but Bethea has shown he can – at the very least – still be a solid starting presence. His first year with every team in his NFL career has seen him earn an overall PFF grade of at least 69.4, and in three of the four stops that grade was north of 84. He’s worth a short-term gamble for a team that has a problem spot at safety, but don’t expect it to be a long-term fix."
""
Steelers win a regular season game after two years not even making the playoffs and declare themselves kings of the north
"I love the comments praising the Steelers defense - yet the game came down to the very last play, DESPITE all these shenanigans. They got the win but I’m not sure I’d be bragging like they already won the Super Bowl."
How has this post been up for 4 hours
"This was pretty funny I can't lie, only reason I can laugh is because I have faith in the fact he will turn it around."
Ouchie
Lol fuck :(
Hilarious
Baltimore colts revenge game time
""
How to paralyze a dude in one easy step
Goddamn!!! Why haven’t I seen this before?
"Hey guys, secondary Ravens fan here and avid degenerate gambler. I thought the line was already too good to be true at -3, but it's now moved to a pick'em for the same odds btw Colts and Ravens. So what gives? I know Humphreys is out, but that was known days ago. Curious if there's anything else going on, or should I bet the farm here like I want to."
"Judon came back, but as it sits today still no Patrick Queen, DeShon Elliot, Tyus Bowser, Malik Harrison and LJ Fort soooo"
Why does everyone insist on calling him Humphreys. It's just one. Humphrey
"We could be missing a ton of our defense, not sure when they are off the exposure list"
The Colts have some absurd win record going into this game against Baltimore all time at home that people made a big deal about and we still dont know who is actually going to play this weekend yet
"we lost 2 of our starting O linemen, which were already having trouble, so that is going to hurt our ground game. The Indy Defense is no slouch, so we likely are going to struggle to put up points like we have been.

Then we have the majority of the Defensive backfield out with Covid protocol, so that is going to again limit how much preparation they can do for scheming purposes. My take is that if we win, it is going to be on the backs of our stars' skill levels, and not anything planned."
I wouldn’t be shocked if we lost unfortunately
"Pick'em sounds about right to me, Colts are a great team and match up well. That's not even taking into consideration all the LBs have been sitting all week and might get only one practice in."
Half our defense might not play so I think the colts have a good chance to win
We drop this game and our next 2 of the 3 after this. This season isn't looking good
""
"I just can't wait until Sunday cause I need something to watch, this week has taken forever, I'm ready for something enjoyable on TV."
"My expectations around him were low, but the way the organization is talking about him I’m more excited to see him on the field than I should be."
[deleted]
""
watching the video reminds me how not perfect the 2012 Ravens were. 2020 team looks a lot better still.
Now I know what I'm doing for the next 45 mins. Thanks
"Pretty much as stated. If I am listening correctly, it appears he says that outdoor entertainment venues can have a capacity of 25%, which would be more than the current 10%. I do know that Governor Hogan has set it at 10% so I assume state would come before local, but wondering if I am misinterpreting.

And yes, I understand the Covid implications. But I will “wear my damn mask” if I were able to go."
I don't see them letting more people in with cases surging back up again the last few weeks regardless just my opinion
Baltimore is an independent city like one of three in America it can likely just set it’s only capacity.
i don’t think there’s gonna be a change. the 25% is reverting back to stage 1 if i’m not mistaken so i don’t think we’d see an increase to game capacity
"The announcement is them increasing restrictions, correct?

I'd HIGHLY doubt they'd bring in more fans after further limiting the amount of outdoor capacity."
""
"Legendary pic

That turf looks really painful though"
"If i remember correctly, that game, manning took a knee inside the 5 when he could have broke Unitas' passing record, against Baltimore. Classy"
Is Jeff Saturday a GOAT center? He might be.
Facts. The Brady over Manning nonsense that has become a given is so frustrating if you were actually around to watch the two.
"My dad said one of his favorite signs he's seen from a game was from a BAL-IND match. It said ""19>18"""
I agree but whos the 4th guy behind Jeff Saturday
Will you respect this house!?
I am glad we finally beat Peyton.
Man this was such a good era
"As much as I enjoy the Era we're embarking on, I doubt I'll ever enjoy watching a ravens team as much as the one with Batman and Robin at the helm on D."
"I still till this day play madden like I'm Peyton Manning, everyone is getting a brand new route 😂. 

All jokes a side he was probably the first QB that I really admired other than Vick."
There’s 4. Jeff Saturday was a goat center.
"Yes. Three goats in this pic, and then there's Reed, Lewis, and Manning."
"What. A. Picture.

We rarely beat Peyton but I did like how Ed Reed routinely picked him off lol.

Edit: also, 4 GOATs. Jeff Saturday, the center for the Colts and one of the greatest such player in NFL history is also here"
Very true
"I’m a Tennessee grad so Peyton will always be one of my favorites (hell I’m wearing his jersey right now). What a great picture, thanks for sharing."
I'll never forget this game. Manning audibling at the line and Lewis doing the same for the defense. Epic match.
Some legendary games
You forgot John Cena
How bout those khakis tho
I see two
"Upvoting Steelers fans posts, posting pictures of Manning, this sub is getting so soft."
Where’s Brady?
""
To my knowledge Hollywood was brought in for questioning already and his statement was given so I don't think he has any issues tied into this or the league or legal would have sat him out already
This isn't particularly new news
This can’t end well.
Fuck AB. I hope he self destructs again and tanks TB12’s last good year. Doesn’t deserve another shot. Hopefully Marquise isn’t complicit but I don’t think he’s in danger of a suspension or anything here. Called as a witness is very different than accused of anything.
Hopefully the browns dont roll like the thomas brothers
"This tweet is not a coherent sentence

Is this saying the woman filed to delay the trial, and she requested Hollywood to be deposed?"
Before I read that last line I was shooketh
Ummmmmm... *what??!!*
Oh no
Hmm.... This will be interesting...
""
A lot of niners fans blamed him at least partially for coaching kaepernicks instinct and playmaking ability out
"This is Greg Roman. He gets stuck in his ways and doesn't adjust and gets fired. See SF, Buffalo, etc."
"If u replace these 49ers players with the Ravens players, its basically identical to all the struggles the Raven's O has had. We all know what happened to Kaep. I'm a little scared for Lamar. If Greg Roman doesn't adjust, we can't improve."
This is why I thought we had to win the SB last season. This happens to every Greg Roman offense and Harbaugh has a bad track record of getting rid of coaches when it's obvious it's not working. I know everyone will say we were 14-2 last season and Lamar won MVP but we cannot afford to be wrong about Roman while Lamar is still in his rookie contract. We have such a small window to win until we have to pay Lamar.
"And honestly, with EDC at the helm, I thought it was real."
"If it was real, it would have been a 5th rounder."
""
I’m glad but I’m gonna miss my fruit punch
Blessed be thy covid activations
No LJ Fort though due to injury
"No Humphrey, but I’m very happy it looks like everyone else will be playing"
Big props to the organization for putting in place (and following) measures that prevented one infection from spreading to the rest of the team
Should note that LJ Fort is out with a finger injury. Little bit weaker in the middle but not gutted when everyone was on this list.
Can you imagine starting a game with only Chris Board at LB??
"Thank God.  There's a lot of important snaps on that list.  Still miss Marlon, but nothing can be done there."
"Thank god, fuck."
Defense is back on the menu
"uhh so no judon? he was on the covid list as well at the beginning of the week, right?"
"Absolutely bummed Marlo won’t be out there, but beyond relieved Queen will be playing"
BIG PURPLE WAVE INCOMING
""
How about marlon and judon?
""
Reminds more of Seth Roberts. Dude had the tiniest body compared to his helmet
""
he looks like he likes white girls more better
NOOOO. My beautiful boy. NO.
Looks legit to me
"Bruh have you seen Judon in game 😂
Mans looks like he ate too much Taco Bell lmao"
Fucking Boyle tho
"This makes me very uncomfortable. He looks like a gorilla and I feel somewhat offended but I know they didn’t do on purpose 

*But WTF*"
Noooo why Orlando
""
I’d throw hands lol
"I would straight up murder my mom. I mean, she’s a terrible person to begin with, but still."
[deleted]
Feel free to check my post history to get an idea of what it’s about. Just good fun for both fanbases and nothing serious. For those interested [here is a link to the thread ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Colts/comments/jpv6yu/trash_talk_thread_week_8_ind_vs_bal/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Give the name and history back
That Banter thread turned toxic real fast. Turns out Indy fans can’t cut it.
Joe Flacco is still the best person named Joe to ever graduate from the University of Delaware.
Back to Back presidents believe Joe Flacco is elite. Checkmate
"Also, lest we forget, fuck the Steelers"
Even better than Joe Mama?
Wait obama thought Flacco was elite?
[Obama says Flacco elite](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/news/pres-obama-to-joe-flacco-you-re-elite-10280236)
"Really? Why bring this bullshit in here? It's GAME DAY MUTHAFUCKS!

&#x200B;

BIG FUCKING TRUZZ"
Oh just cry into your bud light redneck
i think you're forgetting about another joe
""
Jets win incoming.  Trevor Lawrence rejoices.
Flacco playing the pats on primetime GG
I do love Flacco and I really hope he somehow gets 2 more wins before he retires.
"[https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/jpwrbq/yates\_joe\_flacco\_needs\_108\_passing\_yards\_to\_move/](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/jpwrbq/yates_joe_flacco_needs_108_passing_yards_to_move/)

Joe Flacco needs 108 passing yards to move past Joe Montana for 20th on the NFL's all-time passing yardage list."
"Dez upgraded, other players activated, Joe starting on MNF, and Terps routing Penn State.

It's been a solid day."
ELITE
They’re fucked.
"Joe ""The Patriot Slayer "" Flacco."
[removed]
Quality shit post
"Honestly I don’t know how the Titans, Steelers, and Browns are still allowed to play football. Breaking protocols in a pandemic asses putting the whole sport at risk."
[deleted]
I like Hollywood's hoodies almost as much as Lamar's
What a nice teammate
This shows the support each other. I think the team is still vibing together that just haven’t clicked on the field
"I love the support, but I can't get behind purple tye dye with camo pants lol. His wife must not have been home when he left LOL"
Get open
He is one beautiful human.
[removed]
"For him to be activated after a week and a half, either he's looking great in practice or coaches are feeling desperate. Cautiously optimistic it's the former."
Throw up the Xs bitches
"let’s fucking gooooo

can’t wait to see him play again"
🙅‍♂️
""
"Lamar Jackson: 500 35/35 42 TDs 0 int 0 fumble

Ghost of Johnny U(finishing out the game): 200 yards 20/20 10 TDs"
"oh this def shivers me timbers

Just imagine if it turns out Dez is the guy that still has it after everyones been begging for AB lol

Imo Dez at worst is gonna be able to fill the Mike Evans role for us- basically an outside TE in the RZ"
Today keeps getting better and better
#EVERYONE GET IN HERE IT'S HAPPENING
THAT A BOY DEZ LETS GET IT
How do you all think this affects browns targets for this week?!
holy shit. if he even catches one pass i’ll nut
TIME TO DEZTROY
Damn that was fast
LETS GOOOOO
🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️
#OH GOD OH MAN OH GOD OH MAN
X gonna give it to ya
LETS FUCKING GO
Oh my body is ready
🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️
So is it utterly stupid to start Dez tomorrow? I'm already not doing well in my league so I'll try anything.
Hope the dez tape doesn’t leak...
Let’s gooooo
Sounds like Moore is being put back on IR and Duvernay is questionable tomorrow
Of course he’s gonna play
It’s a damn shame when we failed so hard a drafting a big wideout we had to get a guy that hasn’t played in three years let’s hope he balls out
"All I need from today is a couple catches, to move the chains. Anything more than that and I will be beyond ecstatic."
I think if nothing else having a dynamic that hadn't been scouted or accounted for by other teams at minimum is positive enough. There's no downside to the situation whatsoever. House money.
I would temper my expectations
""
2 TD’s tomorrow. Calling it now.
"please let this revitalize our offense, we need it so bad, if we can be a threat in the air again we've got a chance to do well"
If Dez plays (fingers crossed) he grabs more receiving yards than 15. He’s hungry and needs to prove himself again. He’s a dog and gonna fight. X gon give it to ya
X GON GIVE IT TO YA
DEZ CAUGHT IT
"Lets go, hope he can be a piece for us"
I called this shit doesnt matter tho just happy to see this man coming up and getting his shot
They should play Dez as a TE he could be like Darren Waller
"Josh Allen has Stefan Diggs to help him with the passing game 

Hopefully Dez fulfills the same role"
Did Hollywood just lose his spot 👀
"I recently saw the video with Justin tucker going through his game day routines, and I wanted to hear some from the fans. I’ll go first.

Usually I’ll sleep in till 10:00 or so, then go and grab sushi for me and the gf.

I’ll usually shower right after getting the sushi (covid, ew) 

Then we’ll eat sushi and catch-up on new anime that came out. 

And I’ll watch the game while she does homework.

Typing that out I realize it sounds kinda boring lol, but I would love to hear some traditions from other fans"
"Work out, get baked, watch football"
"Wake up around 6am, go get some coffee. 

Come home. Check my fantasy lineups.

Usually on reddit til about 11.

Shower & change into my black Lamar Jackson t shirt

At 12:25 I order 3 egg rolls and chicken wings from the Chinese food place down the street.

12:40 I walk to the liquor store, grab whatever beer I feel like having & grab my food (across the street from the liquor store) usually get home around 12:55.. basically game time. Obviously different depending on kickoff time but yeah."
Take a nap before kickoff
Beer
"I don't know if its odd or not, but one tradition I have is to wear an offensive raven tradition when we are on offense and to wear a defensive raven jersey when we are on defense as a superstition."
"Wake up, put on my Ravens Game Day playlist. Put on my lucky ravens shirt. Check the injury list. Crack cold beer. Sit and wait til kick off"
"9:30. Wake up, Cigarette, dab, cigarette.
10:00. Shower
10:05 fix my hair and get dressed.(No jersey yet)
10:30. Look over all my fantasy lineups
11:00 Put my jersey on and start getting hype
12:00 Place my bets for the day
1:00 Lock in."
Wake up play warzone til kickoff 😂
"I do my long run in the morning, shower, and people start coming over around noon (my basement bar is the gathering spot and we also have the Ticket)."
"Wake up only to realize I could have slept more but cant go back bc its game day.

Play some Overwatch and check fantasy teams while on queue. Lose a few games. 

Order food while taking a shower.

Put my #29 Marlon Humphrey jersey and watch the game!"
"I live in Hawaii so the 1pm game comes on at 7/8 am here. So kinda just wake up lol, unless I feel super hype then skip kickoff to walk to a sports bar in Waikiki."
Big games? Steam crabs...get drunk. Simple.
"Wake up, make my daughter and I breakfast, let my wife sleep in a little bit, lay my daughter down for a nap, smoke a little, order some wings, and sit on the farthest left hand part of my couch. 

The couch is crucial. Both games we’ve lost this season I wasn’t on the farthest left part with the arm rest. Chiefs I was on the futon and Steelers game I sat in an office chair so i could spin and put my feet up. Every win I’ve been to the left."
"Sushi for gameday seems sacrilegious lol. I hit up the grocery store and make some sort of dip/football food then grab a case of something for the game, maybe some whiskey also"
Wake up. Smoke. Get coffee. Open the bar. Last minute fantasy tinker stinker. Smoke. Put on my jersey. Watch NFL GameDay.  Smoke. Do a shot. Game time.
"That’s the opposite of boring my guy

Having someone you can talk about anime with daily that has feelings for you is amazing"
[deleted]
More-likable Harbaugh too honestly
"Imagine how much it’s going to suck for Jim at thanksgiving 2021 when John strolls in with his Shiny new super bowl ring after just fading the Pittsburgh Steelers the week before in 68-0 road game.

Think he gets a special jersey for Jim to commemorate it?"
I will never understand why John is not universally regarded as the better harbaugh.
""
"Between Alvin Kamara and JK/Gus, it's clear that Mark Ingram is just a good man who wants to mentor the young ones. Happy he's with us."
Jk laugh is contagious
Backfield so wholesome 🥰
Ingram is my favorite. He’s just an adult kid.
"This the ""Where da pussy at?"" dance

&#x200B;

Just saying..."
[deleted]
"My predictions include Rivers crying at the refs every time he throws an incomplete pass like he did against us in the playoffs two years ago.

On a serious note, I imagine this will be a close game like 28-24 and could go either way."
[deleted]
We win you lose by a lot
A must win for us after the last week and if we want to catch up to the Steelers. 34-20 Ravens.
"You can't change the title, but a lot of the old school fans (if there are any, i know reddit is kinda young lol) are cringing that you called them the colts. Around here, they're called Indianapolis. (Sorry, I am contractually obligated by my upbringing to say that lol.)  

If we had won last week, I actually think we would have lost this game. It just seems like we're pretty evenly matched and (if we had beaten the Steelers) ripe for an overlook/trap game (minor) upset. 

However, between Harbaugh and Lamar, I don't expect a back-to-back loss. I expect Lamar to be on a mission this week. Harbaugh doesn't do too many consecutive losses, especially after bye week, and **especially** since Lamar arrived. I think Hollywood and Dez (to a lesser extent) will be involved. I think it will be close, but I think we pull it out. 

Good luck! No injuries allowed."
We may have an X factor...
"It’s going to be closer than we want but we pull it out 23-20.

Lamar will get 100 yard rushing and 2 tds in the air and 3 Tucker kicks."
My Boomer family members tell me you stole everything they love so a pox on your house!
""
Those legs don’t stop moving!
Are they just celebrating Mango Mussolini's bigly loss?
His hands just naturally want to be on the ground as his legs are moving.
""
Fixed it thanks bro
"That alternate Jersey is wrong. The collar is supposed to be black, not purple."
"That’s dirty, thanks"
It’s going to be funny looking back at this when they get murdered on thanksgiving.
Yep because he had such a stellar game.... /s
"steelers didn’t win that game, the ravens lost it. only thing ben owned that day was a ticket to the game"
"Eh, we were more owned by Lamar, than the steelers themselves. We outgained them in every facet of the game. Ben can’t accurately throw down the field anymore so 🤷🏻‍♂️"
Haha well played well played
""
" Fuck the colts and Steelers. I don’t want any friendly banter with their fans. 

And I’m tired of all the “come in peace” shit from all of them. Fuck off."
I don’t really care what some Reddit fan has to say and you shouldn’t either.
"“We ain’t friends, homie”"
YTA
""
Ravens 0-1 tho 😒
Tua!
Seeing MD put up this many points in back-to-back games... I'm lost
Baby Tua
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Listen, I’ll be honest I’m only asking because I’m interested in placing a big bet on the Ravens. I know they lost Stanley and I can’t imagine Marlon will be playing but...what the hell? I can only imagine that Lamar and the whole team for that matter are gonna be fired up after a tough loss last week and much media criticism. Am I missing something? This seems like easy money to me. I appreciate any honest feedback!"
"1. A Louisville QB has never been to Indianapolis.
2. Ravens have never won in Indianapolis.
3. Odds are made by watching how which degenerate gamblers bet and extrapolating a line where the casino will always win.

That said, the Ravens are in a great position to destroy the IPFT:

1. Steelers had the first overall run defense(now a boast by the Indy crowd) until the Ravens and their Rookie RB went to work dismantling it. The Steelers are way better than Indy.
2. The Browns blew them out while still putting respectable rush yards on the board despite having an inferior run game to the Ravens.
3. The Ghost of Johnny Unitas will possess every Baltimore player cranking them up to 11 and providing a supernatural ability to read plays.
4. Best cornerback duo in the league, cleared to play and hungry for some punch outs and ballhawk interceptions.
5. Dez Bryant will be playing, a veteran big body receiver who will, at a minimum provide a bit of run and pass blocking. But who will also be an X factor for the “number one run defense” to contend with.
6. Indy can’t do Man coverage for shit but that’s the only type of coverage that stops our pass game. Can’t zone Mandrews, Hollywood, and Big Dick Nick together effectively. Not while accounting for any of  the other three (Snead Boykin and Dez)."
"I believe the Ravens outplayed the Steelers last week and only lost due to a couple crucial and frankly flukey errors by Lamar. I still view the ravens as a top tier team. The colts, not so much. What am I missing here"
"idk they fucked up

Lamar is going to be fucking pissed"
[removed]
The Ravens are -1.5 which is like 4.5 points because home team advantage is three points right there.
Because Baltimore has never won in Indianapolis in franchise history
"Bet the farm.


Also, there are reasons I don't bet on football."
Someone probably has a few million on the colts idk
Thank you ravens easy win
"Because we have skated by so far playing shit teams. Indy is a good team, I fully expect an L for Baltimore and the next 3 games"
""
"You could try some spray on adhesive like clear flex spray, or just tape it"
Maybe stick the whole thing in resin?
Air tight acrylic case out of sunlight????...
I would put the entire thing in a brown paper bag then store in a cool dark place
""
Wake up? I didn't even begin to sleep!
I'm up sheesh dude.
Joke’s on you I have been up since 4AM cause I’m still getting adjusted to daylight savings and going to bed at like 9 every night
Sleep is for the weak! I will be weak in about 2.5 hours!
"I’ve been a fan since 2000, I’ve never felt like a game was so inconsequential. Monumental win yesterday, it’s a beautiful day gang. Game-wise I hope our team doesn’t sleep on their D because they have some very solid players and maybe the best D in the NFL."
How are you all feeling about today?
I’ll be at the game today rocking my brand new gold rush Humphrey jersey! Let’s fucking go bois!
"let's try and clean up the mistakes from last week, and get Dez involved"
RAVENS4LIFE!!!
If we don’t beat that big stupid red neck Phillip Rivers I may drink myself to death
I’m ready for the BIIIIIIIIIGGGGGG WIIIIIIINNNNNN!!!!! 😤🤟
I have to work. I’ll miss the whole game. Update me y’all 🤧
My team played Thursday so we get to watch our Allies play today. Love you guys.
I BEEN UP NIGHT OWLS WHERE YALL AT
I got my tickets for the game today and PUMPED to get to the see the boys!
FUCK SLEEP! LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
Going to the game you broke boys! Can’t wait to see the dudes
r/whothefuckup
Esssgetit
""
YAAAAAAAH
Colts? More like Dolts amirite?!
Let's torch the colts today!
"THIS THREAD NEEDS MORE HYPE!!!!!!!!!!!!

Come on,  Baltimore!!!

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

\[Edit\]: Dont tell me it's early... GET THE FUCK UP! ITS GAME DAY!!!!!"
[deleted]
""
How about: A Rivers - Run Through it!
"Every week this season, I will be doing a crappy photoshop for our matchup. Here are the past week's submissions.

Week 1: [Don Lamar](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/irwb9l/oc_now_you_come_to_me_on_this_opening_day_and_you/)

Week 2: [The Texans Chainsaw Massacre](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/iwbbvu/week_2_matchup_photoshop_the_texans_chainsaw/)

Week 3: [Over the Top](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j1a0yh/week_3_matchup_photoshop_this_year_harbaugh_takes/)

Week 4: [He Got Game](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j4y37u/week_4_matchup_photoshop_he_got_game/)

Week 5: [Gladiator](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j92pjf/week_5_matchup_photoshop_markus_andrewicus_slayer/)

Week 6: [Eagle Eye](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jdeghk/week_6_matchup_photoshop_calais_campbell_will_be/)

Week 7: [Byecentennial Man](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jhs8gy/bye_week_photoshop_yannick_ngakoue_came_just_in/)

Week 8: [No Country For Old Ben](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jm1jad/week_8_match_up_photoshop_no_country_for_old_ben/)"
Stunning.
This is the kind of high quality content I come to this subreddit for.
More like “It runs through Rivers.”
His offense has ran thru us so far.
""
I hope you guys win today. Love you.
Touchdowns? Yes.
I’d bet he has one catch. Maybe three targets
Prediction: none of our boys have 10 catches let alone 10 targets because they won't fix the passing game and will just run the ball instead.
U smoking that k2 if u think this
3 targets 2 catches for 15 yards
I'll take that bet
I just feel if lamar throws a bad pass and dez catches it lamar is gonna target the fuck outta him I don't think it's that crazy
10 touchdowns
I'll bet you that Lamar throws a pass today
"Honestly tho. How much will be he involved? I feel it’s just gonna be a couple snaps. 

But the real question is do I start him over Darius Slayton?"
Today? Or this season?
Dumb af
[removed]
👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shit go౦ԁ sHit👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shit right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good shit
Well done
Who sent ye
Imagine waking up in the morning to hate on somebody that has done so much in his 23 year of life who doesn’t even know your 33 year old head ass exist... rent free
"At least we didn’t ruin a generational qb talent and cause him to retire early. 


boom roasted"
"finally, an original lamar joke"
Hey at least we don’t have someone’s grandfather at QB
Imagine thinking you're so funny and clever that you decided to post this? What does it even feel like to be this funny and clever?
"If you had half a brain you would say Morgan Cox, he is literally our best QB."
"Just curious as to who is not playing today, I beleive Marlo is out?"
"Humphrey, Fort, and Moore are out, Ingram is a GTD but probably out, we should have everyone else"
Dez is also playing.
""
Will be a test for our oline without stanley. They did good against the steelers d tho so let's hope they continue
Drafted him in fantasy and hung on to him all season. Let’s hope so!!!
"100 from Gus and JK, 50 from Lamar, maybe duv gets a 30 yard rush or something idk"
"BOUT TO PUT  SOME WORK!!

&#x200B;

Tell me otherwise."
100 is aiming low.
I got Gus 🤞🏾
""
""
0 catches 0 targets
"5 catches, 56 yards 1TD"
"Very little. He will give the defence something to think about as he is a complete unknown atm. But as time passes, teams will realise he isn’t much of a threat. 

God I hope I’m wrong. I’d love nothing more than to see flashes of his former self, but it just isn’t likely."
"Not much, he didnt even make the team when he tried out before the season started. He didnt miraculously become a top wideout over 9 weeks. Hopefully I'm wrong."
""
Dez got that drip
*furiously rifling through closet for a purple shirt*
Christ I forgot how huge he is
4Mamba
X gonnna give it to ya!
Did they give him any downs today? I didn't see him in once.
"That jersey though, need that!"
Big day
When is he going to start playing? Last game of the season?
[removed]
""
He was pretty damn decent last season. There must be a reason why he’s inactive. I really hope there’s a reason why. Have to trust the coaches.
"I mean he’s gotten passed over by Ferguson who’s becoming a beast at setting the edge. We have Ferguson signed for the next 2 years and Ward is a FA in a few months. Plus McPhee still sets the edge incredibly well on those run downs. 

On third down you’re not going to use him over Yannick, Judon, Bowser, or McPhee.

He won’t slide inside ever and certainly not over Calais. Unless you’re Aaron Donald you won’t slide inside over Calais on third down. 

So I get that he’s frustrated but it’s not like he’s getting benched because he’s not talented, he’s just not as talented as some of literally the most talented players in the NFL"
"I’m no expert, but i feel like he’s more valuable than Justin Ellis yet they always prefer Ellis. So I’m probably wrong."
I think jihad deserves to be active every week.
Can he play guard and replace bozeman?
""
Damn fed ex delivers dogs now
Good boys
Who’s dick do I gotta suck to get deliveries on sundays?
...
I hate injuries and I hate Young Sheldon
Keep me in your thoughts boys. Dealing with medical emergency of a family member this morning. Don’t think I’ll be screaming at my tv and commenting here like normal today. Cherish the time you have with your loved ones.
Lamar finished with a 82% completion percentage (19/23)
Russell Wilson has 4 turnovers today. Sometimes good players have bad games. Appreciate what we've got!
Remember when Kaepernick played bad after the SB year? That was Roman coaching the instincts out of him and trying to turn him into Peyton Manning. He’s doing the same to Lamar right now.
"Before y'all shit on Bonds, remember that he's like our 11th string DB"
You gonna ask for the ball you better fucking catch it.
FRICCIN MORONS JUST GOT CHUCKED
GREG ROMAN HAS TO GOOOOOO.
Everyone deleting their “wtf harbaugh comments”. 😂
"Did Judon spend the entire 17 mil on tacobell this offseason, he looks slow af all year"
"Tough road win. Down at half-time. 5-2 opponent. Tons of injuries/inactives. 

It’ll be downplayed but sitting at 6-2 with only upwards to go."
Man I did not miss the stressful games. Last year was a blast
"""They play worse from behind"" is the laziest fucking take

""Teams do better in games where things go right and they have a lead. In other news, fish swim better when surrounded by water."""
Wow Lamar actually has time in the pocket and he makes a throw. Wonder if the two have correlation.
What were they doing with that popcorn
"Whatever was done at halftime, all credit to the coaching staff for."
Rivers and his wrs is really really weird... it’s awful chemistry
Second best win of the weekend.
They had us in the first half ngl
Have faith yall. We turned it around after struggling. *That's* the mark of a good team.
Lmfao what'd we do to piss off the Football Gods
Lack of discipline big time this year
Anyone checked on the availability of Chris McAlister
How the fuck are we in week 9 and still lining up wrong?
Crazy that we went from a historically great offense to unable to move the ball after an offseason where we only lost 1 offensive lineman and our third string tight end.
Hollywood getting crushed on that catch was a good thing. He needs to take big hits to realize that he doesn’t need to play scared
"Fire 1st half Roman, Hire 2nd half Roman"
"Marcus Peters was just credited with his 30th interception in his 85th career game

The last 2 players to reach 30 INTs in their first 85 games... Hall of Famers Deion Sanders and Ed Reed #RavensFlock - @NFLResearch"
"            __--_--_-__
           (  Not bad  )
          (    for a    )
          ( runningback )
         o (-__--_--__-)
        o
     //          
    <-l          
     ll           
     llama~       
     || ||        
     '' ''

#𝓑𝓲𝓰 𝓣𝓻𝓾𝓼𝓼"
Even old ass Rivers can escape Judon lmao
I think some of you might overreact a little bit.
Rivers has a top 5 punchable face
"“We got a serious injury”

Gets up and runs off field..."
Gene in the booth trying to cover his ass LMAO
Wrap up God damnit. And thanks for always being so fucking slow Judon. You are seriously one of my least favorite Ravens
"PLAYER OF THE GAME: MARCUS PETERS

INTERCEPTION & FORCED FUMBLE THAT LED TO 14 POINTS"
thank god our offense can stay on the field for 30s and help our defense who is hurt/sick/didnt practice rest up
"Hollywood: throw me ball plz

Also Hollywood: *drops ball on 3rd down*"
Rivers talks mad shit for a guy who's never won anything.
"I’m not here for Lamar slander right now, what the hell is this playcalling and for all that noise Hollywood made last week he’s been a ghost so far; and yes I’m also speaking on his horrific dropped pass. Greg Roman has no creativity there’s a reason no team holds onto him for that long."
Greg Roman has killed the career of mobile QBs. Its fucking happening again. Im sick of this predictable mf.
"“We have a serious injury here”

*guy gets up and does jumping jacks and jogs away*"
"Wow colts you stopped us...


JK"
"First half vs. Steelers: **Good**

Second half vs. Steelers: **Bad**



First half vs. Colts: **Bad**

Second half vs. Colts: **Good**"
"Game wasn't going good, I got up and made a peanut butter and apple sandwhich. Sat down in front of the tv just in time to see that fumble TD. Conclusion: I must now eat peanut butter and apple every game"
fire fucking greg roman. this guy took at shit this year on our offense.
"Roman Needs to be fired or Lamar will be Kaepernicked. Lamar isn't playing well today but it is more obvious due to bad o-line, no weapons, and BAD play calling. At the very least Haurbaugh needs to be calling important plays"
My god the offensive line was so trash that last drive
"Well im on board the fire Roman wagon, this is absolutely pathetc."
"Can't wait for the postgame pressers.

""We need to get better""

""We aren't making excuses""

""We're looking at things we need to fix""

""We still like where we are"""
I can tell our play calling is better because the camera man is getting confused
Jackson smiling after a play. I feel like we haven't seen that all season
wow we made halftime adjustments. first game in a decade.
I love how sassy our sub gets when we're about to win a game lmao. We were all melting down an hour ago 😂
"Can't believe we kept that offense scoreless in the whole 2nd half. Defense showed up today. No Marlon, no Calais. Really dialed the fuck in."
That green fuck is wasting popcorn
whatever they said to the team at halftime needs to be said every game
"Philip Rivers, like a turtle on his back, flailing in the hot sun, realizing his time is over."
Watching Phillip Rivers be angry is like the most pure pleasure
Bomb to hollywood here
Defense is stepping up rn really playing well considering all the losses
We get at least 3 illegal formation a game someone needs to fucking go
IM LOOKING AT HARBS WITH ALL THESE FUCKING PENALTIES OVER 200+ YARDS IN PENALTIES FROM LAST 3 GAMES WTF
"judon not  coming back, and im fine with that"
This offense is like my 90 year old grandpa. I love him but he moves very slowly and constantly shits himself
Roman has literally spooked Lamar from taking deep shots. Have we given Dez the ball at all today? Hollywood talking on twitter about not getting involved. Roman is literally killing the chemistry of this team on the offensive side of the ball
How is this team never good in both sides of the ball at the same time lmao
Too conservative on that drive. Theres 5 minutes left not 2.
"Do we have to give player of the game to Greg Roman? I mean, he adjusted and set them up to succeed in the second half."
You know Colts miss Luck 💯...should have actually protected him when you had him.
He was walking. Looks like a cramp. Hopefully that’s all it is
this team has 0 identity
this team seams to have lost all their charisma and energy from last year
"Ravens Defense:  This ones for you Marlon

Marlon:  IM NOT DEAD

Ravens defense:  You can still hear his voice on the wind."
I woke up super early to get everything done around the house I had to do before kick off.
"Theres gonna be some tough conversations to be had in the coming months on what to do after next season. Buckle up, Flock."
"This team is done until Roman is gone. Fucking Trestman, Mornhinweg, and Cameron all over again."
Greg Roman would have Harbaugh activate Dez without a single plan on how to use him.
MP Juiceman MVP so far
So bryant has been so far activated as a cheerleader...
Offensive pass interference is a real penalty that should sometimes be called.
Red zone = DEZ time
"Koch gotta go in the ring of honor, dude has been so consistently great for years."
Tucker is a God
[I would love to face the Colts in the playoffs if they make it.](https://i.imgur.com/lVce3PG.jpg)
"This is a huge win. We get Marlon back next week, all the injuries and we still get the win."
Yeah nice job padding your stats Rivers you crybaby old bitch
Always sus of dpi calls they don’t show the replay of...
Greg romans is wondering how the hell they did that
WhY hAVe sOuLJAs
Lmaoooo Rivers
We have fast players too but never do shit like that
All of our edge defenders not named McPhee need to be taught this thing called setting the edge.
I'M READY TO THROW UP THE X GIVE IT TO DEZ
Lamar if Greg calls a bs play just call a fucking audible
Colts actually play offense. TAKE NOTES GREG ROMAN
Most deflating 10-7 deficit ever?
What is this dude talking about. They ran ALL OVER the Steelers last week. It has absolutely nothing to do with Mark Ingram.
Even without the injuries this team has major flaws. Anyone that wants to argue that they don't is crazy. I'm not a fair weather fan and I know this team isn't a playoff team right now.
Lol who tf is watching replay to tell him to challenge? Fire them asap
"Come on, boys!!!!! My husband said if the Ravens win I can put up my Christmas Tree. 🎄"
"Can we cut the first half ravens and sign all the 3rd quarter ravens, except maybe Chuck Clark, first half Chuck Clark can stay"
Why do they keep showing Rivers on the sideline walking around spitting on his fingers? what is he doing lol
HELL YEAH COACH LETS GO FOR IT
If we could eat up like 5 minutes and score a TD that’d be perfect
It’s a Lamar keeper...JK YOU FRICCIN MORONS
Gus has been our best RB2 since Willis McGahee. I will stand by that all day . Absolutely deserves a 2-3 year deal
STOP THE COUNT.
You guys whining about not going for a TD there are dumb. You just take the points in this situation every time.
FUCK BOB IRSAY
First half was our worst of the season. 2nd was the best. Sports and mentality are weird.
Hell of a fucking win
That second half was so comforting
#Whats the point of having souljas if they cant catch the ball?!?!
"Why is it that when trolls come to this sub to troll Lamar, their active subs are always r/conservative and r/donaldtrump?"
"Dobbins didn’t understand the call for sure , was likely an rpo"
This is gonna get ugly. We have no depth. Our D is practice squad D
"Hey Hollywood, if you are going to bitch about not getting catches: catch the ball."
Bonds in position to get that INT because he wasn't near the receiver.
"YANNICK IS A BEAST!

They brought him in on 3rd down, and lined him up to do what they brought him in to do, rush the passer and disrupt the play. Didn’t get a sack, barely got a QB hit but totally disrupted Rivers."
Can we get a young OC that will play to Lamar strengths not avoid them!!!!
Lamar doesn’t trust his O line and for good reason. That’s what this boils down to.
Fire Roman immediately
From a historically great offense to a potentially historically horrible offense in one offseason lol
"This reminds of post super bowl Ray rice cut,  pre Steve smith era ravens run for 2 yards run for 2 yards check down for 3 punt and repeat"
Watching 3 votes per hour come in from PA over the course of 5 days was more fun than this game.
Put Dez in 😠
Colts really would be SB contenders with Luck...
"yo, who we hire as OC at half??"
"NICE !!

Love the urgency that Dobbins ran with there"
"“When this is over, Lamar should get a gold glove” lmao announcer throwing huge shade on Skura (rightly so)"
We have just set the NFL record for most consecutive games with 20+ points with 31!
Andrews blocked that man into the shadow realm
"On the plus side, Dobbins looks great this game"
I have not said one negative thing about this team ever no need to fact check it’s all good
that DB is mandrews son now
"Ok, looks like he might have just gotten popped on that tackle. Hopefully nothing serious"
Best rivalry renewed? Undefeated Steelers vs the 2-6 cowboys? Lol get out of here
You literally can't kick a FG more down the middle than that
PUT TUCKER AT MIKE LB YOU COWARDS!
Get the fuck out of here Colt’s fans....we did absolutely nothing the first half and we still clapping yo cheeks!
amazing win today meh first half but a very promising 2nd half
Don’t worry guys you can also be an NFL player like Rivers. All you have to do is throw constant screens and cry a lot
A Ravens Team that can adjust??? I’m not used to this...
RIP Alex Trebek
"Lol, Boyle was hurdling people while Andrews was still at Oklahoma"
Time for another 3 and out with shitty play calling
Literally getting held the whole way down. Fucking terrible
The amount of times we cause fumbles - everyone on the defense - is one of the most astonishing things I’ve ever seen a defense do lol
"HIT ME WITH THAT DOPAMINE BALTIMORE

LETS GOOOOOO"
"They know exactly what plays kill our defense, screens and sweeps."
Harbs declining delay of game like a beast
man i’m just hoping for a jackson to dez 50 yard bomb
There's that dumb fucking QB run straight up the middle.
"Real fucking clever, Roman. Jfc."
That was a nice spin move by Yannick
"I FUCKING HATE YOU GREG ROMAN.


SERIOUSLY"
"If we don't get a new OC this season or offseason, so help me"
But we were the fake fans and the bandwagons for calling out the shitty offense for weeks
Dez Bryant is not going to fix this offense
Offensive line is a huge problem right now
I hope Roman is fired after this
Might be a good idea to block Yannick 🤔🤔🤔
Flag on Baltimore for sucking fucking ass
GREG MAN BAD
"The Ravens have as many penalty yards (55) as total offensive yards (55) in the first half.

Just four first downs. Averaging just more than 2 yards per play. - @ryanmink"
Remember when every game was a highlight reel last season? Good times.
"We got the beautiful trifecta, a poor pass-blocking line, WRs who can't get separated or catch, and an OC who has zero ingenuity in the pass game. Recipe for another early exit in the playoffs IF we make it."
I wanna see the fourth down Seattle game fire in Lamar again.
Guess Harbough doesn’t want timeouts
Harbs is good for one useless challenge per game
"""We have a serious injury here""

Player jogs off the field."
I hope the halftime adjustment was telling Roman he was fired if we lost and we’ll see this level of play every time now
STOP THE COUNT
A Ngakoue strip sack would be real nice right now
I hope we re-sign Bowser. Can't really afford to lose both our SAMs this off-season. He's better in coverage than Judon and doesn't get the stupid penalties.
You hate to see these Colts injuries
Did anyone at Amazon do research on how DeShaun Watson talks before they created that commercial?
Greg Roman just told us all to stfu
Step on their necks now. Lamar haters in shambles in other threads. He looks to have is confidence back.
How can we not sack Philip fucking Rivers
"DADGUMMNIT. - Rivers, probably"
#Come from behind narrative is dead. COLTS #2 defense got smacked in the face
Judon got a dump truck tbh
Rivers has gotta be the most overrated average QB ever
CERN uses JT kick down the middle to align their supercollider accuracy
J. Tucker = TACKLE: 99
I'm shocked by the outcome of the game considering how we did 1st half lol
"We got so spoiled by last year and weren’t very good for years before that that. We forgot how it feels to win dirty, grind it out games. That used to be our specialty."
This game was huge for Lamar's confidence. Struggled in first half came back in the second and showed why he is the reigning MVP great game from our guys.
Its a shame they Brought in Rivers instead of developing Brissett.
These crazy high expectations I have for this team hurt my enjoyment of Ravens games week to week
This is the worst Ravens offensive performance since last week
"Downvote me all you want, but we aren't going to go far in the playoffs looking like this. If we even make it there at all!"
#Lamar looking as flat as Flacco did from 2015-2018
20 GAME LOSING STREAK WITH A HALFTIME DEFICIT ENDED. LAMAR COMEBACK KING CONFIRMED
I swear to fucking god if we lose another pro bowler
Please be cramps please be cramps please be cramps
That was a completely broken play right off the bat.
Remember when first downs were consistent? Pepridge farm remembers.
Someone (likely Dobbins) messed up the call. Looked like RPO Lamar tried to salvage
swear we are the only team that draws 0 oline holding
This is the game everyone else is going to realize how many problems the Ravens have
Love how they never show PI on replay anymore because they know it's almost always bullshit.
"Ah yes, great. Hollywood takes to Twitter to complain about targets, then bobbles a catch for an incompletion on third down. Neat, man. Neat."
Penalties will be the death of this team
Let's chill with Hollywood lol we're gonna bully him till he actually sucks
Clark hurdling Rivers is good shit
CHUCK CLARK IS THE GREATEST 6TH ROUND PICK EVER FUCK TOM BRADY
Bonds = Averett = Canady
You guys hating on Bonds obviously don't remember my man Chykie Brown.
I'm thinking of starting a change.org petition to fire Roman who will sign
"3rd & short and no rb's on the field = lamar qb draw, who would've guessed"
I'm convinced the Ravens are the only team that gets called for holding
WHAT IS OUR FUCKING OFFENSE IT PISSES MR OFF EVERY WEEK IT GETS WORSE
Why y’all roasting Judon? Penalty was on McPhee wasnt it?
"I know everyone is emotional, but people saying Lamar regressed to cause this ENTIRE offence to be this poor is crazy. Lamar needs an OC and OLine that can help him grow now that defenses have figured out his skillset.

Y'all are acting like last year was a fluke"
Judon in coverage why...
I'm not going to eat until an opposing OL gets called for holding
Our offense has done nothing in this game and its tied.
"Dude fire our OC , like you know our O line is banged up so why keep Lamar trying to throw in the pocket have him move out and throw like fucking A. Or Run the ball like seriously run the fucking ball."
Leave.Roman.In.INDY!!!
"Ok. I've been reading the thread and something occurred to me.

Fire GR. And bring in Lamar's Louisville OC as his replacement.

He surely knows how to use Lamar both as a passer and a rusher."
"Something something Lamar

Something something Greg Roman"
Its sad that the best part of this game is lamar not having a turnover
Wow way to kill literally all the momentum
That's 3 lost fumbles inside the 10 yard line in 2 weeks. What the fucking fuck
Bruh Harbaugh mega earth brain
"Glad they gave it back to Gus for the TD, should def help his confidence after than fumble earlier"
While yannick still hasn’t had a sack he’s applied pressure a good amount today
"Close this shit out , don’t let the colts find more ballots"
"No way GRO is calling plays.

He calls a QB Draw there."
Uh Oh you just got dobbed!
"Holy shit, that has got to be the first time I've ever seen a Ravens QB pull a Manning/Rodgers and run to the line hoping to make the defense jump as time expires.

I don't even care that it didn't 'work.' I'm just glad Lamar can/will do that."
That’s the 20+ points in consecutive games streak!
NFL record of scoring 20+ for 31 consecutive games.
Lamar didn't do a backflip into the endzone he might not be our guy idk
"It’s pretty amazing that even philip rivers, the 100 year old statue, is able to escape sacks from our pass rushers."
Judon looked at Rivers like he was a Big Mac
To those of you confused about Dez not seeing many snaps: the guy is playing in his first game on a new team after not seeing the field in 3 years. Don't act so surprised.
At least they burned all 3 timeouts.
Game over bitch
Lamar really brought us our first wins in Philly and Indy(projected). Next up is Chicago next year hopefully
"Imagine holding the Ravens offense to 55 yards in the first half, having the lead, and blaming the refs for your loss."
"I wasn't very optimistic at 1:00 today.  
I was downright pessimistic at 2:00.

I am pleasantly surprised."
"huge shout out to Chuck Clark, he saved us today"
That ball was so straight it makes me look gay
Russell Wilson got like 2 fumbles 3 picks wtf lol
# That was a Tuckle
Man this game was huge
"So Buffalo figured Russ out, now every teams figured him out. The league has film on him

/s"
"I wonder if a win against a 5-2 AFC team is a ""big game."" If we lost, it for sure would count against Lamar's ""big game"" record."
I guess it’s time for me to be a Cowboys fan for the next 3 hours
Is indy really trying this hard for a meaningless td
This sub is fucking embarrassing lmao
"This may be unpopular but when the ravens play like they did in the first half I am unhappy. 

However, when they play like they have so far in the second half, I am happy."
"This game is significant.


This is 31 straight games scoring 20+, best in NFL history.


This is the first game in 20 opportunities where we won when trailing at halftime.


This half is the best our offense has looked since week 1.


Our defense has looked great despite missing multiple starter talents.


This game bodes well for our future. We are now trending up"
I hate watching games that take place in a half-dome. That huge bright spot on the left side of the field is gonna be annoying all day today
I think taking the sack there was the right thing to do.
Can we agree we’ve seen enough of Roman
Greg Roman is a fucking clown. He's play calling the instinct out of Lamar. I'm convinced now it's not Lamar. It's Roman.
Lamar would have pitched it if he could. Bozeman got rolled on that play. Nothing Lamar could have really done.
This team is pretty hard to watch
"There’s literally nobody out there better than Bonds we could’ve gotten? Carr, Desmond King, literally anyone?"
The utter refusal to show the PI on replay is baffling.
"It’s not that we’re bad. I just don’t see fire. 

Give it to Dobbins. he’s the spark right now. Do it three times then throw to Andrew’s. We moved like 98 yards on 11 run plays last week. Just do it."
Harbaugh gonna tweet bout his receivers after the game
Weren't they both at each other's facemasks?
I can't remember the last time I had fun watching this team play. Week 1 I guess
So much has gone wrong for us this year lol wtf
LMAO HE STEPPED OVER RIVERS LIKE AI
"gonna reiterate because that little stat they showed isnt getting enough attention-

21 straight games w a takeaway is honestly fucking **bonkers**"
"Rivers falling the way he did had me dead bruh, that was hysterical"
Right back to bad tackling
Bonds could have made this entire sub love him...
Lmao bonds is a clown
A lot of hate for Bonds. Y'all know he's only playing because we have an injury crisis?
"Oh Jesus, Kyle Allen hurt BAD. Lower part of his leg was completely in the wrong direction. Almost similar to Alex Smith."
Greg Roman is a clown for running the same play 20 times a game. Please fire him
Oh fuck you Greg Roman
These Lamar runs on third down are shit.
Fire Greg Roman
A pass rush? a 3 and out? Refreshing
These illegal formation penalties every week are so frustrating
"These penalties are on Harbaugh, how many damn illegal formations this year already!"
Somebody needs to be benched or fired. An NFL offense playing and calling like this is pathetic.
Lol we get the free 15 and still find a way to fuck it up. Honestly this offense is shambolic
did they not just fucking knock over our kicker?
"Lamar and other players every week: We need to get better and figure it out

The whole offense, every week: *gets worse and figures nothing out*"
at least yannick did something i guess
Alie-cox is just a step behind clinton-dix in terms of name quality
lamar looking sad is so different from the happy shades man
"That should of been a flag, just like it should of been a flag last week on Pitt."
"Lamar doesn't have enough time back there, that was literally 1 second before he had to scramble, along with a bad snap, it's just terrible on the offensive line this year"
"Gus and JK have four carries between them.

FOUR.

What the fuck is Greg smoking"
Fire Roman at half please
Greg Roman bad
"There are two starters left on the OL, one playing out of position and the other coming off a literally destroyed knee playing months before anyone expected him too but its all roman and lamar?"
Watching those other teams highlights just makes me feel worse. Teams throwing to their receivers for plays down field. I can’t remember the last time we saw that. You need to look around the league to just see how bad we are.
RIP Alex Trebek
Lamar the last 5 weeks is worse than 2018 Lamar. His mechanics in his legs are still bettter now but he plays with no confidence and worse decision making
Roman figured out he can dial up quick passes instead of passes that take 20 seconds to develop
RG3 lookin like Rey from Star Wars with that haircut
Harbaugh clearly cussed everybody out at half lol
Peters is a hero
Everyone switching from calling our hc stupid to a genius after the int
Let Lamar be Lamar. Thats all I ask.
lAmAr CaNt CoMe FrOm BeHiNd
I am so baffled by the offense. Two drives and they made moving the ball look easy as fuck.
I want to throw that X up!!!
"I must confess, I am calling the plays"
Rivers is looking very stressed out haha
Absolutely must get points off this drive
We look hungry again and that’s all I ask for.
"Evan Washburn said Skura has a cut on his hand, hence the bad snaps."
Bruh this Lamar right now lmao
THATS MY MVP 🏆🏆🏆
What if Roman is no longer calling plays in the second half but in fact Dez Bryant is? Perhaps Dez is just a decoy and has spent the lats 2 years studying and building the ultimate llama playbook?
maybe wind knocked out of him?
Patrick! We need you healthy to win DROY!
"On Thanksgiving, when asked what I'm thankful for, I will say ""11/8/2020 - Queen just had the wind knocked out of him."""
“Baltimore had a lot of excuses not to play well this week.” And we used every one of them in the first half.
I really need Harbuagh to tell me what happened at half time.
"Aboslutely outclassing them defensively even without Gnarly Marly

Take a bow, defense."
Tucker: “fuck you I want my damn points”
Tuckers out here splitting atoms down the center of the uprights
Tucker right down the middle. Like that ball aligned with the fucking hand rail. My god I love him.
I want a popcorn bong
Lamar and O decided to take their quarter off in the first half
"ugly win, but we got the dub. go cowboys"
Game. Blouses.
"Why are colts fans coming into this sub like we ever think about their team

Nobody cares fuck you for calais"
"LET'S GO!
PS. FUCK THE STEELERS"
"Us:  No more injuries

Boyle:  HURDLE HURDLE HURDLE"
Levine been eating on special teams
I mean Rivers should just target Bonds all day. Dude is complete ass.
Ah yes a big block in the back right at the point of attack.
This defense is Swiss cheese today. Gonna be a long day
I'm jealous of the Colts play calling
Our secondary looking more like 2014 every week
We're literally missing half the starters now lol gonna be a miracle if the Ravens play well on defense. Just not enough experience and bodies to fill in the gaps.
What a soldier! Good job Hollywood!
This team has a severe lack of FUN
Catch the fucking ball Hollywood
Apparently the Soulja can’t catch
Fuck it just let Dez play every snap on offense can't be worse than this can it?
Lol Rivers
Love that hurdle over Rivers!!!😆
This is some 2006 Ravens shit every week now lol
the spirit of marlon lives on
They are going to run 30 screens today and wink won’t ever stop blitzing
Gettin spicy on defense.   I like it.  Bonds should had that one tho.
"We’re in a good position. Turned the moment, stopped the Colts, getting the ball to start the 2nd half and a chance to take the lead here."
Our offensive line is legit painful to watch
I miss last year’s offense
Fire Roman please
Roman needs to seriously fuck off with this awful 3rd down playcalling
Don’t some plays seem like Roman drew them up 5 minutes ago and we’ve never even practice them
Can we implement more west coast concepts? slants/quick throws. every short play is a sweep or run smh. or super crap screen play.
Our offense needs something right here atleast a long drive our defense must be gassed
Most of this thread is fun and normal but I swear there are legit some people in here that are either trolls or are insane. People seriously talking about “well RGII may get this offense going” or “man I miss Flacco” absolutely absurd.
My god this offense is pathetic to watch recently
We are such undisciplined sacks of shit today. I hate watching this team at 5am every week when this is the effort they give on offense.
The one time Lamar had more than 1 second he made a good pass. These troubles stem to the Oline. Plus all these formation errors. This is a problem from top down with the O.
Roman is play calling the instinct right out Lamar just like he did with Kaepernick
This team is just playing terrible right now.
"By my count we have called 3 (!!!) plays where Lamar stands in the pocket to throw down beyond the LOS. Hollywood drop, Andrew conversion, and dump off for 5 years to Gus Bus."
# I AM SO SICK OF PENALTIES
"We need our defense to basically do everything, they need to defend and score points 

man we can’t even get in Justin tucker range that’s how bad our offense is"
OLINE is horrible. Lamar’s regression looks 10x worst because of the oline
can we throw the ball to dez one time next half? why the hell did we activate him if we arent going to throw balls to the one contested catch receiver we fucking have? FIRE GREG ROMAN.
"This is the worst offensive performance since Lamar became the starter. Just... Wow, so fucking bad"
ayo fuck greg roman
Two WRs that run a 4.3 and O-line still cant block long enough for them to make a play.
"Roman in the box rn: ""I got a taste for some Five guys later anyone wanna join me?"""
alex trebek died? wtf
Somehow r/nfl is more toxic than ever
Fire ~~Cameron~~ ~~Trestman~~ ~~Marty~~ Roman
"BTW -- Josh Allen could not throw for 300 yards prior to this year. Josh Allen was regularly throwing under 200 yards all of his rookie and 2nd year in the NFL...

All of a sudden Josh Allen has either 3 or 4 games this year ALONE throwing for over 300 yards...

Oh, I wonder what happened? Did Josh Allen SUDDENLY learn how to throw? Possibly. He could have gotten better from year 2 to 3. HOWEVER, I bet...I bet it has something to do with he Bills GOING OUT AND GETTING JOSH ALLEN A No. 1 WR.

I bet you Josh Allen didn't just suddenly start throwing for 300 yards with the same WRs Corps. 

HE GOT A BETTER WRs CORP."
LOL. Fucking sums up this season doesnt it.
"Fucking use Dobbins, what is this shit"
"This a bad challenge, but if we win it, i never said that"
Lmao Harbuagh with the weekly meme challenge.
"""what a dumb challenge""

r/Ravens are idiots"
"Hahahahah F all you for shitting on Harbs, get back on the couch"
2011 Jags MNF or 2017 Jags London are still my votes for worst offense I've ever watched that wasn't Kyler Boller.
What a 100000 IQ play by Harbs tho guys.
Why is the O Line suddenly giving Lamar a clean pocket
#YOU PUNY REFS CANNOT STOP THE GUS BUS FROM ROLLING ON THROUGH
Roman is finally just calling a vanilla passing offense and it’s fucking working Jesus we get too cute sometimes
WE HAVE THE LEAD. Amazing halftime adjustments. Literally all they did was pick up the pace and didn't allow the defense time to think. Major props to the coaches.
"Lamar is finally in a rhythm passing the football.

Enjoying this adjustment we've made to play up-tempo football."
"i wonder who would win in a 40 yard race, brady or rivers"
We’re playing with some BDE rn
I'd like to see Dez get involved. I'm surprised they're not giving him some snaps to see if he can do anything
Boyle putting together a nice little game 4/46
"I know we’ve missed Hurst, but Boyle has stepped up his receiving game a ton"
We need to draft a new Iowa lineman for our offense next season
Fuck yeah Dobbins
Someone in this thread asked where 4th quarter Lamar Jackson in the Seattle game went. HE'S BACK BABY!!
Every time Dobbins touches the ball it looks like he's one move away from taking it to the house
We've been waiting for this half... The entire season
That play was so satisfying
"Wtf happened to Roman, he coulda been doing this all year"
Damn Lamar has looked like a different player this half. Good for him.
Harrison butker missed a Pat and a field goal
How was that a TD with TWO OL knocked literally on their asses ON THE PLAY SIDE?!?
andrews moved his ass to another state damn
Did Harbaugh take over offensive play calling?
The Ravens play so much better when I have totally given up...
Concussion or wind knocked out of him
looks like he got his bell rung
We’re literally dropping like the eagles and 49ers
Stop these history stealing bastards
GET IT JUDON AHHHHHHHHHHHH
So fucking annoying how we can't make game-deciding plays like that 3rd and 1
Gus will run through a man then help him up lol. I hope we re-sign him.
"Every single time Rivers doesn't convert, he's walking around with his hands up confused he didn't get a flag. Gosh..."
Imagine your kicker not being Justin Tucker
Justin Tucker might have to play corner for us soon
What is happening there
Colts fans were oddly obnoxious today
"Rivers: ""Go ram go ram""... reciever: ""I dont even know what that means"""
What the hell was that popcorn thing
FUCK any colts fans who claim our history
just delete the first half
I still can't believe we could win while trailing at half time
"I’m just really happy that we got stronger in the second half rather than imploding like we have been in several games this season.

Good bounce back win after a heartbreaking loss and a ton of injuries last week."
Comeback kings. Truzz
What’s the point of having souljas that can’t catch the ball (Never!)
"Pro tip: if you're going to go on Twitter to bitch about your usage in-game, don't go out the next game and drop balls"
Call me old fashioned or “sensitive” but I really hate that Popeyes commercial. No black person should be singing for fuckin chicken lol. Same shit that people got mad at MC Hammer a long time ago for making a KFC commercial dancing and shit for chicken.
This offense is unwatchable. Shocking transition from last year.
Putting Matt Judon in coverage. Wink is so fucking silly
"Harbaugh needs to understand that when your OC is setting your QB up for failure it’s time to go. Idc if he won OC of the year or whatever, he’s lost his touch just like every other team he went to."
ITS 230AM MONDAY HERE IN TOKYO BUT IM FUCKING LIT FOR THIS GAME LETS GOOOOO
"busted play, it was fucked up from the beginning"
Bozeman got fucking dominated on that play
"Losing Campbell really hurts us, hope he can come back. Calf injuries are brutal, really hope it’s not Achilles."
"It really sucks Bonds has to play. We’ve been killed with those injuries. Also Campbel with his helmet off, doubt he returns."
"Rivers should just throw to whichever receiver is guarded by Bonds. Idk what Harbaugh was saying last week when he said he played well. Hes terrible.

I remember before the season talking about how great our secondary was. Then Thomas punched a teammate, Young suffered yet another season ending injury, Marlon has Covid, Averett broke a collarbone or something, Dorsey is now out. Weve got an old as shit Jimmy, Marcus, and Bonds."
"Riddle: If a ball is thrown into the end zone and no flag appears, was it even thrown...?"
"Not looking good boys. Calais out, Humphrey out. Rivers is gonna pick on Bonds all day. If our offense can’t get going, this is gonna be ugly af."
Alright soldier.
Why don't you tweet about that dropped pass Hollywood
Can we just have a fucking #1 WR for once in our franchise history?!
How can an offense featuring Lamar Jackson at QB produce such a boring product on the field? Something ain't right.
Grandpa Rivers tripped on grass
I loved that hurdle over Rivers SO MUCH
"For anyone who wants to know why Rivers needed to be hurdled.

Philip Rivers is a notorious shit talker!"
Rivers ate shit lol
Rivers sitting on the ground pouting looked like he wants to kill Taylor
If he doesn’t make that play I think we were very likely on the path to an L. That completely swung the momentum!!
That jump over Rivers is the funniest shit I've seen all week
Rivers just sitting there sad is the perfect fucking image. So good I might nut to it.
I love how we all agree bonds sucks and shouldn't be playing
15 minute break at work. Turn on the game long enough to see a fumble for a td. Good shit.
Safe to say Bonds will not be making the hands team going forward
I despise Rivers.
How is carolina up 14-3 on KC
They don't teach you how to catch on the practice squad?
Levine > Bonds ya or nah
Why do our jet sweeps always look like shit
We have the worst 3rd down play caller in the league. Every time QB Draw FUCK
LJ that run up the middle ain’t working this season
all year these stupid up the middle lamar qb draws for 0 yards. HOW MANY TIMES DO WE NEED TO SEE THIS NOT WORK
"Lamar Jackson and Ravens' first three drives at Indy:

First downs: 2

Plays: 14

Net yards: 37

Punts: 3


Is there anyone that is still arguing that this Offense isn’t bad?"
"Note to Roman and Lamar.  If its third and short:

The Defense knows Lamar is going to keep it.

The announcers know Lamar is going to keep it.

My dog knows Lamar is going to keep it.

The crazy lady down the street who asks me if the futtyball is on today know Lamar is going to keep it.

Maybe try something different?"
 Ravens with 37 total yards so far. There's no excuse for that.
Unfortunately it doesn't even matter if Roman improves the playcalls with a 2nd string offensive line
We need to start being aggressive with the passing game. Lamar needs to prove himself today.
That's a bad replay. That bitch should've been ejected
Our OL is hot dogshit Jesus Christ we are missing Stanley and Yanda
"Throw the FUCKING BALL AWAY LAMAR. 

You don’t need to try to Houdini your way out of every pocket collapse. Jesus Christ"
MARSHAL YANDA IS MISSED
Greg Roman cant even coach legal formations.
"Our team went from being the most fun in the league to watch to just painful to watch, we look afraid of everything"
My 10000000th reminder to everyone: **THIS IS WHY I SAY DRAFT OL AND NOT THESE STUPID FUCKING WRs you all want**
Sam Koch really out here carrying us
"Every time there's an illegal formation, the TV coverage was showing some other random shit right before the snap and I can't see what happened"
How is it even possible to go from record setting offense to utter dogshit with most of the same personnel? It was this bad before Ronnie went out too...
We need a major revamp this off-season on offense. Get a new coordinator who can actually draw up a pass game.
"I never thought I’d be saying this after last season, but...this team is boring as hell to watch right now."
I only notice Judon when he gets penalties  so not worth all that money
It was just a shitty throw? Like what are these commentators talking about
I want nothing more at this point than for Ray Lewis to materialize and drive Rivers through the turf
All credit to the defense they've been so good this year but the same thing happened last game. When we absolutely needed the stop we couldn't get it unfortunately. If no roughing the passer was likely at least a field goal for us.
That was an ubsurdly shit angle that Elliot took.
Our offense is doodoo only way we win is with turnovers
Ferguson just saved a TD
I'm surprised they didn't flag Joker.
Anyone defending this team right now how it stands and playing is fucking delusional
New strategy. 3rd down we just throw up 50/50 balls and treat it as a punt. Fuck it.
We’re very lucky to be only down 3.
I seriously believe our D can score a TD more than our offense. This is just tragic and we absolutely don’t deserve a playoff spot.
Lamar has not attempted a single pass over 15 air yards today 🤦‍♂️
Can we please look into hiring a young and innovative OC.
"With his track record, Greg Roman will be lucky to find another job in this league."
What a dumb fucking challenge. This is 2017 all over again.
JOHN IS PLAYING 4D UNDERWATER BASKETWEAVING AND WE PLAYING CHECKERS
Y’all can apologize to harbs now
How long do we have Peters signed for?  I might need a jersey.
Using the souljas
Peters really is a goat
Marcus Peters is that deal.
Oh shit sub about to hit 100k. Pretty cool.
Im holding my breath. Please get 6 here
"/r/nfl banned me for calling myself 'retarded'. 

Insane."
Lamar looked like the MVP QB we saw last year on those last two drives
The quick pass adjustment really seems to do it.
"We have second half adjustments that is making our offense better

Only took us to literally week 9 to figure out that’s a good idea"
That’s the first time since week 1 we look like the 2019 ravens. PLS KEEP THIS UP OFFENSE
"Lamar's gonna be so fucking good when he's a seasoned veteran and can adjust plays to things he keys in on.

No idea why people thinks is gonna work the other way around and he'll get worse."
Lets break the record for 20+ points in consecutive games!!!
Shoutout Proche... it wasn’t long ago that punt returns used to be an absolute adventure for us
Jackson is looking good!
Good 2nd half adjustments with the offensive scheme and it's noticeable since the Ravens are actually doing something on offense.
There's been quite a few slips today.
"When it’s working and Lamar is getting something going, they look a different team. I just don’t trust to maintain."
That was our hell ya coach let’s go for it
Ray Rice
11/8/2020 I learned that indy fans are whiny little pricks
This is the offense we all know and love
MVP MVP MVP
"Are,are the 2019 Ravens coming out to play?"
THATS MY FUCKING QB
Holy fuck that was a nice fake.
Lamar has his swagger back. Patriots are shaking in their boots right now knowing that
Greg Roman is stunting on these hoes (we are the hoes)
Roman snorting lines at halftime
"That third and inches playcall was awesome!

Anyone else feel like that 4th and 3 conversion Dobbins made was this year's ""hell yeah let's go for it coach"" moment?"
STOP THE COUNTING
I was all doom and gloom for the first half I'll admit. Roman's playcalling fucking has me so baffled.
Wish we couldve woken up last week but better late than never
If Burger King comes wake me up at 6 AM they are catching these hands
Mandrews straight up manhandled him
I really want to know either what was said or done in half time to have such an amazing change of pace
"you know Harbaugh brought out the hairdryer treatment in the locker room, Alex Ferguson would be proud"
I want to hear who stood up in the locker room at half. We think it was Harbs or Lamar or someone else?
Rivers is a lil bitch
"20+ points streak up to 31 games, that's an NFL record!!"
Let’s punch PQ while he lays on the ground in pain lol
"For whatever reason, our guys are having a hard time wrapping up."
"At this point just put Lamar in bubble wrap 

The madden curse is looming and everyone else on the team is injured"
"PUT 


DEZ


IN


YOU


COWARDS"
Judon hate way too out of control... makes plays every game
Gus almost injuring Orlando Brown for an extra yard lol wtf
Ok Queen’s back out there
man Dez was absolutely VIBING on the sideline
"We look back to normal now. Thank God for this second half. What's even better, we look normal with all these injuries!!!"
"It's amazing how we're about to go 6-2 despite the flaws this team has. Just shows that if we can get things really clicking, the sky is the limit. We are essentially winning games with no deep passing game. That's crazy."
"Put the whole damn Wolf Pack in the Hall of Fame. 3 speeches, 1 induction."
24-10...unbeilevable during that first half!!!
"Not only can Tucker kick and sing opera, he can tackle too"
Tucker you beautiful bastard
Fuckin JT on the tackle!
Tucker bb pls dont
"Rivers arm is garbage these days. He keeps screaming at his receivers, but he's trash"
What a turnaround. Amazing
Oh just kneel it you fucks. No one needs to get injured this late in the game
Sack the living shit out of Rivers for extending the game
"Ol' man Rivers  
That ol' man Rivers  
He don't say nothing  
But he must know something"
Excellent second half! That's how we play!
This offense is a joke jesus christ man wtf happened. Greg roman sucks.
Cant even sack a 40 year old
"Humphrey is an idiot for going out everywhere and getting covid, sorry."
This team is so far from contending for a super bowl it’s staggering. Blowing it last season with every possible advantage will haunt this team for a decade.
Lamar regressing is much cooler with every other facet of our team falling apart at the same time 👌
WHY HAVE HANDS IF YOU NOT GON USE EM? (NEVER)
"I'm gonna go beat off, hopefully it'll give them the power they need."
I would pay $5 for Justin Tucker to kick me in the nuts
This thread is gonna lose their minds if Dez catches a TD lmao
This team will only be as good as the line performs
This gimmicky offense has to end. Just throw the ball or run it.
Block in the back on yannick?
We are going to miss marlo so much this game
Rivers is taunting Bonds at the LOS every play.
This team is never going anywhere until the offensive play calling improves. Roman is awful.
The sun is shining. The birds are chirping. It’s a beautiful day to fire Greg Roman ♥️♥️♥️
This is some fucking Jets shit
3rd & 7 feels like 3rd & 1000 for this offense.
I'm convinced our o-line is shit. No Stanley or Yanda really shows
I know hollywood should have caught that but our fucking play calling is complete ass and does nothing to try and help our injured oline.
Is there anything in the playbook that targets the intermediate section of the field? Feel like all our receivers run are short and go routes.
Our offense has been so ass that it even fucks up on defense 😂
Refball. They should’ve called the facemasks on the guy grabbing Hills mask too.
THEY HAVE A HAND IN HIS MASK TOO WAHT
We look fucking horrible already
"Colt holding his facemask too?! Wtf is this bullshit man, every week"
Another 100 yard penalty day coming up
LMAOOOO WHY DID HE CHOOSE TO HURDLE HIM
LOL Philip Rivers with the reverse Jones
"Sorry Zoomers, were going back to the early 2000s ravens"
"&#x200B;

Nice fumble recovery Touchdown by  **Chuck Clark**"
Hold my dick hurdle over Rivers
Ravens defense hype as fuck
Holy fuck that was awesome TD. Rivers trying to tackle him was hilarious
Lol @ Rivers
Did Rivers get knocked down by manti teos girlfriend?
Was that Rivers that got hurdled? Lmao
Rivers saw all that purple and said hell na I'm too old for this shit 🤣🤣
I think Marcus Peters knocked it out. He may be a so so tackler but he loves to try and take the ball.
Did Rivers try to slap him in the dick
"Rivers, ""I'm gonna die like this."""
When is the meme coming
I can’t get over rivers just eating shit bro 😂😂
Gotta make that tackle ferguson
i'm sick of these behind the scrimmage plays they are making to get 10-20 yards every time
They're repeatedly attacking the outside.
Apparently the outside run is unstoppable
"Damn, Bonds *almost* made himself famous with that pick!"
I understand we have to play him. But this bonds guy isn’t even close to being ready.
We managed to get the D goin again so that’s a great sign
I’m sorry skura:( you’re still a good center
Why do we always run with Lamar on 3rd?
The play calling has been abysmal. Jeezus.
The ravens need to get their fucking head out of their ass when it comes to offense. Actually try and innovate with a you g offensive mind instead of old guard has beens. We need to be more aggressive in our approach to WRs too
Roman has to go. I'm not opposed to a mid season OC change. Harbaugh has done it before.
"Our deep passing game is 100% non existent. Nothing happens at all downfield for us, it's all at the line."
Greg Roman calls a slant once maybe twice a year if we're lucky
I get being upset with the play calling but it’s not like the team is executing the plays either. We love that QB draw when Lamar has the blockers and takes it to the house.
"It would be nice to attack down field a little bit, couple plays of 10 + yards"
How long has it been since our last punt block? Seems like a real long time.
God this feels like late Flacco era as the offense comes on the field now. That excitement is lacking.
Love Marcus Peters but he needs to chill
Peters coming on the field is dumb but I love it.
Lamar taking an unnecessary sack ✅
LAMAR JUST THROW THE BALL AWAY WTF. THIS HERO SHIT IS KILLING US
I can't remember the last time we tried a deep pass/overthrow
"Guys, this isn't fun to watch."
How the actual fuck is that not running into the kicker lol
The defense is the only reason we are 5-2
play calling is as dogshit as this line is
Judon needs to be fired out of a cannon after this season holy shit why did we tag him
"Judon: oops, I fucked up again

McPhee: I got you, fam"
EVEN HARBS IS FUCKING QUEIT WE HAVE NO FIRE ON THIS TEAM
Judon got an extra second to rush and still got stuffed
Exposed already and its not even half time. Fucking embarrassing
Remember week 1!? That was fun...
Chuck Clark is Rivers nemesis today
That dude took his picture with his glasses on
Fuck Earl Thomas
This team is so fucking undisciplined
"Seriously people defending this team right now, Im a ravens fan until I die, but what exactly are you seeing that gives you any sort of confidence?"
"Remember when we'd score twice in a minute versus the Browns?

Good times"
How are we so bad at penalties? Do the refs hate us that much or are we that much worse at it than every other team?
Colts are gonna get the ball back...
This rn is the worst offensive showing I’ve seen. Even Flacco’s later years we got some first downs
Throw this whole offense away!!! 🤮
Cant even snap the fucking ball correctly. 4 man rush getting home.
"this offense really is just terrible

anyone who thinks otherwise is delusional"
"This fucking offensive line isn't starting caliber, like they aren't good enough to get it done and I don't think thats gonna be fixable inside of a game."
Roman needs to be fired I hope this piss poor game is enough evidence
"Make Bienemy the highest paid coordinator ever


Pipe dream :("
I seriously miss Yanda. He did such a good job on the O-Line
Ravens offense is ass
They have 11 yard rushing. The line is getting killed.
Greg I-Murder-Mobile-QB-Careers Roman. Man fuck this guy
"If we are going to sign lamar to a big contract we NEED to fire roman. We need to see how he does in another system before we sign him to a massive deal cuz how he is playing right now right now is not good. And until we can see if it's a system thing - by putting in a new system - it's very risky to give him a massive deal. I'm just putting it how it is, which breaks my heart cuz I love lamar. I want him to really be a beast and hope its just a system issue!"
Greg 'Adam Gase' Roman
"Goddamn it 2020, RIP Alex a true g"
Watching the highlights... this line is swiss cheese... I'm shocked we even had time for some of those out routes.
Is Ben Powers really so bad that he can’t see the field? Our line is so dogshit and he still can’t break into the starting lineup.
Is it too late to bring Kubiak back?
THIS is the offense I remember from last year. PACE. PUSH.
REDZONE = DEZ?!?!
Lamar can’t play better than that
"Drafted Dobbins in the 2nd round for him to ride the bench every game, nice"
Peters should've picked that too. I hate this game.
He made like 5 steps without jiggling the ball
might as well lose a timeout in a close game for no reason
"Why can't we see the relay again, exactly? Fuck your commercials"
Apologize to harbaugh now
Y'all shut the fuck up from your couches about challenging that fucking play now
What a seriously strange call by the refs. Honestly would never have expected that in a million years. Wild
"Love the fucking adjustement, multiple recieving options on every play. I wanna see us hit outside the numbers more still, but plz let this be a sign that we know what to do"
"Gene you fucked up that call back then, shut the hell up with your revisionist bs"
James urban gotta be calling these plays
give dez a 50/50 ball for the memes
"[https://imgur.com/ZbMZhb8](https://imgur.com/ZbMZhb8)

u/banjoeyo"
Holy shit.  3rd and short and Roman didn't call a QB dive.  Still a dive though.
"""Please God let me bitch at the refs to the fullest of my ability""

- Phillip Rivers"
He just scored 2 TDs in like 10 seconds wow
"Offense has looked really good so far this half, keep it up"
Should be 21-10 now but whatever
"\*Ravens score a rushing TD\*  
Greg Roman: ""Well, how about we just thro...""  
Everyone in this sub: ""Don't you f-cking dare!!!"""
Guys. Can we all agree that the playcalling we great on that goal line series. Don’t get cute just run fucking forward.
I agree with the announcers. I love the pace as well as trusting Gus
HELL YEAH GRO. THAT I FORM IN THE REDZONE GETS ME ERECT.
Another Rivers pick incoming
I just said “Tucker’s balls look extra crisp today” out loud and I don’t regret it at all
Big stop here
We have some major momentum 👍
lamar just threw up the big truzz hands. Sign of a strong drive???
Colts have one call go against them and their fans lose their minds
This offense looks 100% different. This legit can't be GRoman
Who knew we had another TE besides Andrews that can catch a ball
Dobbin's was wide open
JK ALL DAY
Aggressive offense good
yes dobbins!
See what happens when you use dobbins?
what the hell are these shitty snaps
"Gutsy call 

Love Harbs"
1 yard for the Colts in the 2nd half. 1.
DOBBINS IS OUR RB1 OF THE FUTURE!!!!!!! WE GOT A DIAMOND BOYS
I'll bet you 100 bucks Ingram gave a half time speech
"Time of possession in the third quarter: - @BaltimoreLuke

Ravens 13:41

Indianapolis 1:19"
This is a completely different team. Why does it take a half to see these flashes?
Are we in 2019?
I'd put money Lamar was 100% behind that audible.  That's what you want from your QB.
Lamar Jackson playing like 2019
"We’re taking the colts,,, and we’re FUCKIN EM UP THE ASS"
Lamar! And finish that block Mark lol!
MVP LAMAR BACK ON THE MENU BOYSS. ORDER UP AND FEAST ON THE BEAUTY
Roman/Harbs put in Dez next series to build chemistry with Lamar during live play!
who got chewed into at halftime for this turn around
he said Free Kodak lmfao
We’re good again!!!
"Gotta gove credit, the play selection has gotten a lot better this half. I like seeing the swag out there"
Andrew’s blocked 30 into the shadow zone
THAT WAS NOT A FUCKING FIRST DOWN
Win or lose this has been a gritty performance by a badly mangled Ravens squad.
How did rivers outrun our pass rushers lol
not queen...
Please God. Not Queen...
It doesn’t seem like we’re blitzing. We’re sending 4 guys most of the time
The dudes superbowl ring hat lmao
queen back in
DEFENSE STANDS!!
Holy shit Judon blew that the fuck up
\#getdezacatch
"That played seemed weird, handing it off 5 yards behind the line on 3rd and 1"
"Gus has gotten 80% of carries in this game and is clearly out of gas to some degree. Lets get J.K, who (As much as I like Gus Bus)is our real future at RB, some touches. Also I have him in FF SHOOSH"
Why did the Colts go with Rivers? The Colts are a talented team and they went with a below average QB. I feel like Cam would flourish there.
Thays such a nice streak to break
Go back to the fucking bench Rivers you whiny annoying old fuck.
What kinda garbage team loses to the Ravens when leading at halftime
lamar is way more animated right now on the sidelines
[deleted]
Rivers is discount Brady with the call begging
so we should look to draft high for O-linemen and Wr and TE for next year?
LMAO Rivers quit begging for a flag
Rivers needs to retire
Running behind Bozeman is a recipe for disaster.
I don't know if I've ever seen a 48 yarder that dead center lol.
Elite tackler Justin Tucker
DAMN TUCK ON THE TACKLE
Even tucker goes for the ball lol
Tucker going for the strip
"It's nice to be completely calm when the field goal kicker comes on the field. I'd imagine three, maybe four other teams have that kind of luxury -- but none of them have the automatic three that is Justin Tucker."
"Phillip Rivers is somehow a bigger crybaby than Tom Brady, holy shit."
Tucker better not hurt that golden leg on some bullshit tackle
This will be the first time we ever win in Indy holy shit
"Can we, like, not give them a garbage time TD though?"
"This game showed that good Lamar still exists, it’s just a matter of figuring out how to keep him consistent."
Hyped for some Sunday Night Football next week! LFG!
huge confidence boost in this team after that
Man I miss last year. Last years team was unstoppable and always looked like they were having fun. This year's team reminds me too much if those bad Flacco years
What's the point of using soliders if they drop fucking passes
"Fuck me. We are losing contain on whichever side McPhee isnt on.

Please god. Take my legs to heal Campbell's."
This game is all Roman if he’s not gone Monday this organization needs to explain themselves. The illegal formation penalties alone.
We can’t block. Everything has to be quicker. I’d hoped Lamar would know this but the fact that it seems greg Roman doesn’t know this is a serious fucking problem.
Lamar needs to stop looking like a sad ass puppy and get hyped
Halftime adjustment: fire offensive coordinator.
This offense is abysmal rn *sigh*
Lamar doesn’t trust his O Line. He doesn’t trust his OC. He doesn’t trust his receivers. And thus he isn’t playing with the same fire. It is really sad to watch.
"Fuck Greg Roman, all my homies hate Greg Roman."
Man this team is turning into a dumpster fire at rapid speed
"you better stop fucking tweeting if you cant even hold on to a five yard pass, Hollywood."
defense has done more than their job. we need the offense to step up here
Yeah I think I’m officially done thinking we’re contenders... in what fucking world are we contenders. If we lose today Greg Roman needs to be gone by this week. No way in hell is this acceptable after last years success
Damn they got the Geek Squad dude from Best Buy to kick
"people who wanna say we're 5-2 to defend anything need to look at the schedule 

team hasnt been playing like a 5-2 team whatsoever"
Ty Hilton is out for the Colts
fuck Phillip Rivers
"he's up walking, please please please be ok"
"Injuries are coming for us this year, damn man"
BURGER BURGER BURGER
Please god no we need Campbell
Less than 60% completion rate in 4 of 5 games 😬
Bozeman got pushed way back
Was Bozemen supposed to pull but he got blown up?
"So ready to move on from Roman, his shit has gone stale..."
"pitching it was not the move, their linebacker was right there"
"Roman this is the first drive, what the fuck"
Greg Roman has had one good game this year and the rest have been absolutely awful.
Fuck you Greg Roman. Seriously
this playing call has got to stop
nice on track to get another 10+ flags
Roman has to do something this week man that dude is so bad
Its going to be a long day
Trash call and miss the blatant hold in the backfield. Its last week all over again.
*Ralph Wiggum* haha we’re in danger
Losing our 2 best defenders hurts a lot
We have to have the most pass interference calls against our D in the NFL.
I wanna question that PI call. Looked like Clark was on the ground when the ball was thrown? But of course we can't get a replay.
Were good.  Just one score.  Let's go get it back
Let’s watch offence come out throwing for an incomplete. Run for 3 yards and then out on a 3rd and long.
Sigh. Nice to see Lamar audible tho
Cmon hollywood
starting early with ref bullshit.
Here we go with the penalties
Oh my god are you serious. He was holding Hills facemask for a couple seconds before he grabbed back
"Harbaugh please, do something."
If you wanna be a soulja you HAVE to catch the damn ball
It seems like teams took away Mark Andrew’s and put a spy or two on Lamar and we just can’t make plays anymore.
Our defence is better at offence than our offence is
"FLY CHUCKIE FLY

FALL PHIL FALL"
Hurdling over rivers.
Did Rivers just fall down on his own?
“Look at me. I’m the offense now.”
MP JUICEMAN PICKING UP WHERE HUMP WOULDVE BEEN
Chuck making up for the PI!!!
Oh man that picture ove rivers being hurdled 🤣🤣🤣
Good time to mention phiLLLLip rivers was 0-4 against maryland in college
Why does Wink think he can leave these 3rd string DBs on an island?
Defense is and always will be the Raven way.
Chuck jumping Rivers made me laugh so hard
"Did Rivers seriously just straight up fall down unassisted?!  If so, that’s amazing lol"
seriously can they call oline holding once against our opponent?
Feels like the Washington game but with a better team. Screens and bad tackling.
We may as well make Wink the OC
Defense is really good. But almost every single misdirection play fucks us
"Oh God, I can't wait for the meme of Rivers on that play"
It sucks seeing how creative the Colts offense is.
Seriously tho why didnt Clark just run around Rivers why go over him.lol
Bonds you dumbass
Good stand by the defense. Hopefully offense now has had a chance to breathe and can set their own tempo.
Baby you had that
Throw the ball down the field please
Why did they not punt  into the sideline? Easily make the distance. Punt and pin it at the 5 surely?
Skura has a boo boo
What the hell was that fake reverse to Duvernay? I hate this play calling. Let Lamar get passing reps. Pound the ball.
I think we should move to a no huddle offense with lamar being able to run teams would be fucked
CALL A FUCKING SLANT AND LAMAR WILL RUN IF IT'S NOT THERE
"FUCK YOU. GREG ROMAN.

STOP BEING PREDICTABLE"
Bozeman getting beat inside and just watching LJ get tackled.
Its getting to the point where I'm concerned this offense is going to ruin the confidence of Lamar permanently.
The thing that I'm honestly refreshed about is that I now know the offensive regression isn't Lamar
insane how week after week of dogshit playcalling we still score 20+
Pathetic joke of a fucking play call wtf man
Can Jackson not run it every 3rd down pls?
[deleted]
Done with Greg Roman
"So yeah, Yanda was a HOF caliber player and he wasnt adequately replaced and it matters a lot..."
alright im over romans play calling
"So looks like Yanda was the only reason we were good last year...

Just kidding but wtf is going on"
Roman gotta go
We dont have the line to run like last year anymore
Leonard is so good and our playcalling is so limp dicked
Maybe our defense can score 3 touchdowns today
Are there more than five plays in the playbook? Seriously doesn’t seem like it sometimes.
Greg romans playcalling has been so one dimensional these last few weeks
"All I can say is if we're about hundreds of millions of dollars on Lamar's next contract, he better show up in games like this. Let's be aggressive and let Lamar throw it."
WE HAVE THE SECOND WORST PASSING ATTACK IN THE NFL. WE ARE BARELY BETTER THAN ADAM GASE’S JETS
I don’t understand how our play calling continues to be this bad
I am sorry yall can downvote me all you want but Lamar looks scarily similar to RG3 in 2013... at least Robert had the excuse of coming back from a shredded knee
Juice man please don’t do that
Peters is such a fucking dog
LEAVE ROMAN IN INDY AFTER THIS GAME THANKS
I’ll take that every day from Mekari. MP a real one too.
Peters defending Lamar is the kind of fire this team needs y’all crazy for yellin at him flock up boyz
Lamar doesn't even think to throw the ball away
Jackson does not look calm at all
Lamar really likes to run backwards
Fire Greg Roman for allowing that sack and then holding on 3rd and long. Im tired of this terrible offensive coordinator!
3&35. Cool
3rd and 35 😂 this offense is shit
Team is playing so fucking garbage right. Do we hold the record for flag thrown? It feels like we do. Zero teamwork zero everything. This beyond fucking embarrassing. Team is collapsing every game and its showing today
"Well, at least the special teams unit is still top notch."
This is good old mid 2010’s Ravens football...
This is the first year I have seen where I feel like our fundamentals are incredibly lacklustre. I think we had one year where we didn't tackle but at least we could line up appropriately
52 yards in the half yikes
Can't believe that didn't get flagged
"This would be the perfect time to get a 2 minute drill rolling, get the offense and Lamar some confidence and at least go in with 3 at the half."
How are we even still in this game
Gene Steratore changing stories on the same hit week by week
"Not sure theres enough time to move down the field, just hoping Lamar doesn't throw an interception."
Last week Lamar lost his first game where he was leading at half. Let's see if he can get his first win after trailing at halftime.
MORE FLAGS YA DONT SAY
Aaaaaaand more flags. This team is lost.
can't wait for the offense to do nothing again
We need 21 to return to being our hype man. I want to see him on the sidelines pumping the guys up and bringing the swagger back. Everytime I see Lamar sitting there looking sad it just brings back too many Flacco memories
These penalties by us are out of control this year
This doesn't even look like a fringe playoff team today
FUCK YOU GREG ROMAN
Guess Roman looking at Popeyes menu instead of calling logical plays
Embarrassing. Very close to incompetence.
Offensive line is getting spanked
Play calling is awful
Holy shit this o line is tragic
Skura has made more bad snaps than good. Yanda made Skura look good
"Shit playcalling, shit offensive line, undisciplined penalties. Really is looking grim for us mid-season :("
#1 run offense in the league and they ran it 10 times in the entire 1st half
"That was an unbearable first half, jfc"
If we can't get tucker attempting a field goal something is wayyyyyy wrong
The Oline is just a wet kleenex today
watching Rivers get cucked on the fumble recovery was worth the price of us being very boring for 29:55 seconds
So when do we fire Greg Roman?
Can yall stop with Harbaugh he has fired multiple OCs before he knows when to move on
Such a weird time for a game to start.  Are we ready flock?
Can we fire Roman now?
"Hosts: *all having a somber conversation about the death of Alex Trebek* 

CBS: THE NFL ON CBS IS BROUGHT TO YOU BY VERIZON!!!!!!!!!"
"Since we all want him fired, who do we replace as OC? Who do we promote or is there even anyone available?"
Can we hire Lamar's College OC. He knows how to use Lamar in the perfect situations also in college the teams' o-line wasn't good at all but still found ways to make plays with him.
I’m not even mad anymore just disappointed
"Well, good tackle, Hollywood"
"This team is ridiculously snake bitten, everytime we get something going on offence we have a fumble"
Cant believe Lamar caused Edwards to fumble
"LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL

somehow this team this year finds a way."
Guess Lamar should have done it all the drive and kept it there
This game is literally torture.
Lmao this is such a different team than last year. Its fucking shocking.
"Good: We were finally moving the ball

Bad: We fumbled"
Fuck he took 3 steps could that be a fumble?
What kind of fucking challenge is that?!?
Who needs timeouts anyways. Jesus christ
There’s zero chance this gets overturned.
That drive was pretty great until the fumble though. If we can come back and do that again on the next drive it will be amazing
#Galaxy Brain Harbs!!!
I think the refs just cheated for us
I WANT EVERYONE WHO SAID IT'S A STUPID CHALLENGE TO GO FUCK THEMSELVES. FUCK YOU.
I’d like to point out that Dez Bryant is to thank for that being ruled an interception. Already contributing!
LMAO NO FUCKING WAY
Someone on this sub called a pick and forced fumble for peters. Didn’t think it would happen tho
"As a Colts fan, I would be fucking livid with the score and the way this game goes in every aspect."
The Ravens changed something at the half. The offense is clicking (outside that damn fumble)
"Say what you want about Hollywood, he spoke his mind and it worked. Can’t knock him for it, especially when he’s backing it up"
Fuck y'all for doubting btw
Look guys way too many of us calling the other half fucked up for saying it was a bad challenge.  This sub is get to me toxic when we are not performing.  Eat your words and move on.
Is it just me that prefers Ian Eagle or Kevin Harlan over the Tony Romo crew?
hope Leonard is okay
"alex collins just got a carry and went nowhere

flashbacks"
"It’s interesting to see the half time adjustments so far, we are pressing our linemen forward on every play, so even in pass protection we’re having them use a run blocking technique. It’s creating space and allowing them to play aggressive."
Lmao i’d be pissed if i were a colts fan
#GUS BUS REDEMPTION
"Let's goooooo, great adjustments."
Anyone see what Mark Andrews was upset about? We get 42 replays on shit we don’t want to see and 0 replays on anything we do
Let Lamar cook?
Forgot Yannick was on the fucking team
Let’s dominate now.
Lamar got his zip back? 👀
"Oh look, a Miles Boykin sighting!"
Seriously where TF has this been all year?
Let. Lamar. Cook.
"Damn it, I new the Panthers were gonna cock that up"
Colts field is terrible today.
Go for it. Just not a draw plz.
"I know a lot of people have been making this comparison, but damn. Dobbins looking like a carbon copy of Ray Rice. Just a tick quicker imo."
Vintage Llama
Did Greg Roman randomly remember which team he coordinates for? This is actually an enjoyable drive for once!
"I seriously want to know what happened at half. 

This is a completely different offense"
looks like we woke up
TOUCHDOWN LAMAR LETS' FUCKING GO!!!
Jackson is good at running
What a tale of two halves here.  Jackson found whatever he was lacking.
#LFG
Great play call
Look at this dude doing spins and shit
"Okay we see you now, Reigning MVP 👀"
"**LAMAR JACKSON, ALL ALONE, FAKES THE DEFENSE WITH THE BOOTLEG AND TAKES THE FOOTBALL INTO THE ENDZONE FOR SIX!!!!!**"
"Yeah, Lamar is back. It’s just good to see him having fun out there again."
Andrews had a monster block on Lamar’s touchdown run. You love to see it.
"Wtf, where is this coming from?"
I’m so happy rn I really hope this our offenses bounce back game
"This is what frustrates me about our offense. Everybody knows that they can do better, like they're doing right now, and that's what makes it worse when they play like dog crap"
Rumour has it GR is stuck on the shitter and some random dude is calling plays in his absence.
>Really good play call by Greg Roman. Colts get sucked inside and Lamar Jackson takes it outside on 3rd-and-inches and Jackson scores from 9 yards out. Ravens lead 21-10 and **they've now scored 20-plus for an NFL record 31 consecutive games** - @jeffzrebiec)
"Fucking great drive. But Darius Leonhard is a fucking beast. I feel it's harder now to stick out at LB since teams run less and you have to be versatile rather than just a big hitter, but he's all over the field this game."
Madabuike is going to be our secret weapon
U let Rivers do that to you D?
Jesus christ how do you let that conversion happen
"Oh no.. not Queen. Come RotY, you got this."
The reason I’m critical of Roman is because he is so reluctant to evolve with Lamar. That first half he was calling the game like it was 2018 first start ever and not the reigning MVP.
Queen ate that hope he’s good
Oh just fade me fam
Go ahead and keep that clock running. That is fine with me
Y'all should know the Queen never dies
Close it out with the run game. I will say this game has given me hope because of the way we rallied. We also came back from being behind.
bring Dez in you cowards
I'm actually kinda confused how we just turned it around. Was pacing that big of a deal?
Grover moves well for a guy born in the 1840's.
What the hell was Mekari doing on that play
Still cant get over that challenge. Amazing call by Coach Harbaugh
"Steelers Cowboys hasn't been an actual rivalry since the 70s, 80s at the latest. Get the fuck outta here. Steelers are gonna cream the Cowboys anyways and everyone knows that"
"I know it's not going to happen, but if the Cowboys beat the Steelers..... Man that'd be sweet"
Cry me a rivers
"More points

More points"
Every excuse in the book to lose this game and if they win I will be blown away by what Harbaugh is able to get out of his squads year after year.
"Barring a Minnesota event, we should pull this off"
Tucker is so much better than any other kicker. It constantly amazes me how straight his kicks travel
That was so straight it could've hit the hand rail if there wasn't a net.
Omg that scream Tucker let out when he kicked it
Good to see Lamar enjoying himself on the sideline
JT with the tackle lmao
Tucker wrapping up lol
Tucker with the tackle! He does it all!
Justin Tucker out there making tackles!
Tucker with the tackle 💪
YEAH JT MAKE THAT FUCKIN TACKLE
What is going on there
"Greg Roman must have gotten bitched at during halftime cuz that play calling was much, much better"
Our offense is more boring to watch than the Flacco days right now. Just so plain and nothing exciting at all. Something has to change
Didn't that guy demand to get the ball more?
The Colts got a 3 and out they should fire their offensive coordinator.
And some of y’all still think everything is fine and dandy lmao
It doesn't seem like the Ravens staff are coaching Lamar at all. He's regressing from week to week.
..... we have 55 total yards on offense.
Ill start it here.  Blame of the Game: Greg Roman
"Colts fans: go to your own sub, nerds"
Defense playing really good considering half of them couldn’t even practice
idc about the down votes. I love this team but they are not as good as we all think they are..
"It would be 10-0 if not for our defense. 


Remember that."
Damn. That water girl had a phat ass!
80 year old Phillip Rivers is going to walk all over us while our MVP lead offense can't do jack shit.
Ok Lamar let’s not suck ass here
“Use yo souljas “ precedes to drop the fucking pass
Lol @ you guys saying cut Bonds. We have 3 active CBs. Good luck with that.
dropping judon into coverage?????????????????????????????????????????
Stop putting Judon in fucking coverage.
Currently it’s looking like 7 straight games of Lamar not having over 250 passing yards. Something needs to change fast
"I love that Marquise Brown made a big deal about not getting enough targets, then drops the fucking ball when passed to. We definitely need to look into more options in the passing game."
Ready to lose NNN with a 40 point win today
Is this a short movie about the Colts' move away from Baltimore?
"When I hear this guy pronounce his name ""eye-in"" instead of Ian I always think of the Key & Peele substitute teacher skits"
Fuck Robert Irsay
Lotta banners not a lot of hardware 🤣
Campbell? FUCK
NOOOo campbell please no
Not campbell
Walking off on his own so hopefully not too serious
He looks fine
We're starting down the 49ers path...
The injury plague our old friend 😭
Hell yeah we sniffed out 2 screens on the first drive already.
Well that was terrible
I know the D is tired as hell with how often with how our Offense goes 3 and out.
FUCK YOUNG SHELDON
"Oh nice, just got here and we’re already losin it? 

I’ll have another drink"
If they start spreading it out It could get ugly.
"Wow a simple crossing route, we should get an OC who knows that one"
Bonds is the new Kyle Arrington
God bonds sucks
Covid week hit the team hard.
These are the plays we should be running on offense dude...
Just throw it to Dez every play screw it
Clear PI.
"Alright, time for atrocious play calling."
"Bonds just walked alongside with their lineman, at least pretend you’re trying man"
Fuck it.  Unleash Dez!
"Alright Lamar. Time to wake up from your four week slumber, son."
Can’t wait to see our coaching staff get spooked cause we are behind by 7
Whatever bro we need to be down some games so Lamar can at least try to play from behind
I feel bad for Harbaugh. He is an excellent coach but his coordinators fail him too often specifically on Offense & Dean Pees era defense
Well we’re behind so Roman is going to go ahead and call deep bombs for incompletions the rest of the game
"Uggg, our defense is wrecked with injuries man. Losing humph and campbell is a death sentence."
Can Lamar hit that mute button on Greg?
"Humphrey, LJ Fort and Campbell all out not to mention the lack of practice this week. People need to stop acting like this is gonna be a normal defensive game."
Whelp guess I’ll take 9-7 and a SB over 14-2 and one and done
"can't even snap it right, this is going bad"
Elite play design
Now throw it to Dez lol
How did we run on the Steelers?
Come on Hollywood
What an awful drop
What the fuck play was that he held his mask the entire way
If you're gonna ask for the ball you gotta catch it when it comes to you...
It will be malpractice if this organization does not do whatever it takes to find some weapons at the receiver position this offseason.
Soulja boi with the fucking drop
"This sub: You’re not a REAL FAN if you even THINK about criticizing Lamar!!!


Also this sub after Hollywood drops a pass: WORST RECEIVER ON THIS TEAM GET HIM OUT OF HERE I HOPE HE NEVER PLAYS AGAIN"
I take back my words immediately! 😂😂😂😂
OLD MAN RIVERS DOWN
yes Chuck Clark!!!!
The ghost that tripped Daniel Jones strikes again!
Stunt on these hoes Chuck
Our defense will make up for our sorry offense at least!
Damn Marlon is rubbing off on Peters.
Gimme dat CHUCK FUCK!
Ravens defense baby! I was getting a little concerned
My boi Chuck Clark
Our defense is our offense! Let's go!!!
How nice of Phil to just get out of the way like that
There we go! Momentum shift?!?
I love Chuck Clark so fucking much.  What an amazing leader and damn good player.
GOOD LUCK CHUCK
How'd them balls look Phil 😂
I love Rivers on his back like a helpless fat kid and Chuck hurdling over him.  Lol
Wow did we ever need that
Isn’t it crazy how every time we force a fumble the ball just bounces right into one of our players hands
Lol. That hurdle over the Limp Rivers
I went to pee at the wrong time and completely missed it 😭
The defence is just getting completely shredded on the edge.
"Can we just try and stop an outside run, maybe?"
[deleted]
Nice hands feet
of course cant even take a free pick
Bonds you could have redeemed yourself.
Bonds letting opportunity slip through his fingers
This is the last time I pick any players from my fav team on draftkings. I have too high expectations for these guys smfh..
I like the dump off there actually. He sometimes doesn’t take those.
4 dudes unblocked sprinting at Duv
Lol running the flacco to rice dumpoff offense
Who would have thought that short passes and end arounds wouldn't work if people don't respect your intermediate/deep passing game.
Just quit with the shitty QB draw
Why is this man keep calling running plays on 3rd downs like wtf ??!!!
that fucking play lmao
Jokes on Charles Davis  we dont even have our WRs running routes
I don’t understand how our offense is this bad
These fucking QB draws oh my god
If this team has any sense of pride. Greg Roman gets fired.
"This is atrocious, how the fuck are we playing like it's the early 2000's???

Our defense is the only reason this isn't embarrassing us"
I'm applying for the Ravens offensive coordinator job today.
What happened to Lamar throwing the ball down the middle for 20 yards?? Haven’t seen it in a while 😩
y'all blaming Roman 100% when the line should get like 70-80% of the blame
They need to start calling the blocks in the back on those screens
now that we’ve made the stop **CAN THIS OFFENSE PLEASE FUCKING DO SOMETHING**
Rivers is such a bitch. All the whine of Brady without being the GOAT.
"Yay, Ngakoue disrupted Rivers' throw on 3rd down!"
When’s the last time Lamar took a deep shot downfield this year? I can’t remember.
Well I’m curious (maybe you guys would know) more about that stat of Ravens vs. Colts. How many of those wins (at Indy) are because of Peyton Manning?
play calling on offense is god awful
Boyle wide open in flat but Lamar wont get off the first read
Remember the first game against the browns when Lamar actually had a pocket to work with? What happened
Dude was in hella traffic and he still threw it there
They throw the exact same spots every play.
Lamar doing his best Flacco impression last few weeks
"At least our team sticks up for our QB

Poor Andy Dalton lmao"
Pussy ass play by 32
Hell yah love Peters getting involved there at least there’s someone on this team with fire
Marcus Peters wants all the smoke
That was dirty af
Here is our weekly illegal formation.
We went from offensive powerhouse to offensive garden shed really quickly
Romans offense is toast. It’s been figured out. It doesn’t help that our oline is really bad too but everything is at play to make this offense just bad
"OL predictably shakey...for all those bitching about this or that, if you cant block anyone you are going to struggle"
Check it down to Ray Rice
How was that 2nd hit not a defenseless receiver?
"The way this offense looks does not give me hope for our success down the road, mainly the playoffs"
And where tf is Dez? We have nothing to lose from an offensive standpoint
HARBAUGH DECOSTA YOUR OC IS RUINING YOUR GENERATIONAL FRANCHISE QB...
This offensive line is killing us. Lamar seems... less shifty this season? Madden curse is real
"Ravens Offense letting down the Ravens Defense, tale as old as time."
"Starting to think last year was a fluke. Playcalling is horrendous, receivers suck, O-line is terrible and Lamar has looked exceptionally bad."
absolute BULLSHIT roughing the passer
judon is gone next year
All the hate for Roman should be directed as love to Martindale. He’s so good and has been under appreciated so far this season.
I will never understand why the live video gets the smaller view when they do the picture in picture replay
Dejected Lamar looks like dejected Flacco circa 2017
Our mistakes are entirely our own. Aggravating.
Why are we so undisciplined? I swear we have 10 penalties against us a game
What can judon do?
Judon 20 yds downfield what
I'm being honest this looking like a 9-7 team boys with the way this offense plays
Thats a penalty
"We got lucky on that play, should have definitely been a penalty."
Almost at the point where I hope Colts blow us out just so this is a wake up call
I can’t wait for Ryan and mink to be like don’t worry probowl Mark Ingram is gonna turn this into a number 1 offense fuck those clowns
"So, we're gonna make halftime adjus... lol I can't even finish that joke of a sentence."
cut down the penalties man holy shit. every phase of the game we’re doing stupid things
Think we'll see a 10yd pass???
How many penalties does it take for the Ravens to start actually start fixing it
It's crazy we're only down by 3. Feels like we're losing by a lot more
This offense is abysmal...
I think i just seen 1 wr run a route on 3rd 😂
This is fucking pathetic
Shoutout to Drake and the Madden Cover
Better chance of scoring on defense than offense
Should we move mekari to center?
"This game is not as close as the score indicates. We are complete dogshit and are not winning this with the way the offense is playing right now. Lamar looks pathetic , his body language is awful. GRo is trash as usual. 

We are not shooting our selves in the foot. We flat out are not a good team and we are regressing, not getting better."
"Run , Run , Pass to give the colts the ball back.

Leave Greg Roman in Indy."
"This team went from on fire to fizzled out. 
Something is killing this team chemistry. It needs to be fixed. 

I'm over my buddy saying that the Indy Defense is some force making this team look this bad."
Greg Roman as HC the team would go 0-16
Lamar needs to be much better and Roman is fucking trash
"Dez enthusiast here, has he seen the field or any targets yet today? I'm out shopping."
Indy defense is playing fast
Fuck Greg Roman on god. Not another week with him as OC. Making Lamar look so bad when u can take us all they way. Fucking Roman calling horrible plays at crucial moments
A first down 🤯
2 first downs am I dreaming LFG
Now THIS is pod racing
"Hey, look everybody! Offense!"
DONT FUCKING JINX IT NOBODY SAY ANYTHING
We have more yards in this opening drive than the entire first half!  They serve some Red Bull at halftIme?
You gotta be fucking kidding me......
edwards can’t do that man. first drive and a chance to gain momentum and we do that.
The Gus bus ran out of gas
Nice tackle by brown at least :/
Ah there it is
"COME ON GUYS, WE HAVE A PULSE, LET'S GO"
Rare peters drop
"Basic. Fucking. Shit.

Do the Basic.Fucking.Shit"
"Brown may be afraid to take a hit, but he'll make one himself"
A challenge? Bruh
Just coming to the thread to see how that turnover was Lamars fault.
It’s like we got the car started finally to crash into a fucking wall
Bold call Harbs but I ain't mad at you for it
Awful challenge. We might need this timeout later.
Ok Harbaugh lol. Guess he didn’t learn from last week
I wouldn't even challenge that in Madden.
HARBAUGH IM SORRY LMAOO
HOLY SHIT THAT WAS REVERSED????
Holy shit how did we win that challenge
Harbaugh you fucking genius
Dude I didn't think there was any chance that was a pick omg!
I was ready to shit on Harbaugh for blowing a timeout but he showed me.
That was a GIFT
That would get me mad as a colts fan. I don’t see that at all tbh.
I’ve been watching football for 15 years and I still have no idea what constitutes a catch.
I tip my cap to Coach Harbaugh. I'd never thought that was going to be reversed.
Put Peters in at WR
"Hollywood, my guy. Not so bad getting hit. Keep it going."
Our passing game of all things is suddenly carrying
"and thats why harbaugh is one of the best coaches in the league, belee dat!"
Remember the Heisman package.
I hope he’s good but sit out the rest of the game please
"Say what you want about Lamar’s play, I still love seeing him help other players up and checking on them."
I NEED A MP JUICEMAN WALLPAPER THIS WEEK PLEASE
"I'd love to see us throw in Dez in the redzone, even if just as a decoy. Dude was always so lethal there."
How many of you think we should double dip on OL in the draft this year with 2 of our top  3 picks?
Lamar looking POISE
Damn I hope Leonard is ok. Hate seeing guys get hurt.
"James urban to Roman: ""Let me call some plays big dawg"""
I think roman read the sub and decided to try the last 2 drives because he knows we would actually call for his job 100% serious
Looking back we'd be fucked if we only had Gus and Justice Hill
Something big time changed at half time. Finally we find ourselves in a game where we’re capable of making half time adjustments
Championship teams make adjustments at the half so this bodes well I guess
He was very clearly in
ILL TAKE IT GUS
I remember someone named Jackson giving his team some of his Sekrit Stuff during halftime to make them improve...
"Im telling yall, urban calling these plays. Not 1 qb run on the goaline aint possible for Roman"
HONK HONK HONK
now do it again
Okay offense do that for the rest of the season I’ll forgive you
Points off of a turnover. Magical
Offense is clicking a bit more this half...not sure if they saw something or what but I won’t complain.
Looks like we found some offense at halftime... hope we have more where that came from!
Damn did we actually make halftime adjustments for once?
It's so nice to see Tucker on the field again.
"That was agonizing no lie 3 quarters for 1 TD. Coaches need to be held accountable for these terrible performances. Tired of the after game,  ""on to the next one"" speech."
"Now that we’re in a good mood, I’d like to point out that after Dobbins [edit: it was Gus] fumbled, he punched it out on the guy who recovered. That was pretty dope."
colts fans dropping by to instigate: peyton is a bronco and considers himself a bronco
Now watch as Greg Roman never uses an up tempo offense ever again
I hate the archaic nature of playcalling still prevalent in the league. Like omg what a surprise the offense finds a rhythm playing with some pace and the QB gaining some confidence.
What's the latest with Calais?
"Thanks for adding to our meme catalogue, Lamar 🤙🤙🤙"
If they show the sideline be on the lookout for James Urban with a playsheet calling plays.
How the fuck has Chark gotten me nearly 25 fantasy points with a 3rd stringer QB
This second half might be one of the first halfs of this year that the offense feels like last year's offense.
rare boykin sighting
Anybody else is just waiting to see Dez on the field for one play at least? lol
This is so much like 2019... KEEP IT UP
I really hope we see Dez more. Seems like a waste of an activation if not.
Jackson accidentally faked himself into the sixth dimension
Fuck injuries
Dobbins was open.
DOBBINS WAS WIDE FUCKING OPEN LAMAR
Midseason offensive MVP is Bozeman
"Take the easy fucking completion, dude."
Lamar needs to take the easy completion there. He had Dobbins and Snead wide open. Get it to them and let them get the 1st.
What is up with skura today?
I think I can snap better and possibly block better and I’m a 5’3 woman
"I’ll lowkey take a field goal as long as we don’t turn it over. 

Rivers is beyond washed"
Defences are so clued in on the qb draw that we can expose outside runs on those plays
"Geez, Dobbins is good."
You take that Unitas jersey off right fuckin' now.
"First Half offense: bad 

Second half offense: good"
Did they find 2019 Lamar in the locker room?😂 This is fun to watch now
We have 174x more yards than them in this half
Lamar Jackson is 18/22 today (81%)
GRo lowkey calling some heat rn and you guys real fuckin quiet
Im loving the bewildered look on Rivers' face everytime the camera pans to him.
Credit to Lamar for handling these shit snaps
LFGGGG
Beautiful
"Welcome back last year's offense. Greg, did you learn anything on this drive?"
ACTION JACKSON
That’s the one
BEAUTIFUL LET'S FUCKING GO
LLAMA
you would think a lamar bootleg is the most obvious play of all time but it worked
Inject that drive into my veins
Lamar got his mojo back
Is this this years version of last years seahawks game?
Way to snap out of the coma guys!
LLAMA
Fun Lamar is soooo fucking dangerous and sooo much better than angry Lamar. Just keep having fun man
Who knew calling balanced and 60/40 run heavy series makes the Ravens score..
Andrews obliterated his defender on that TD run lol
Lamar has awoken
Time to get mom a nintendo switch
Glad to see we went back to last years offense. Someone told Greg to cop on at half time.
This is what happens when we start calling throws downfield that develop quickly
Wouldn’t it be fuckin crazy if we found out Harbaugh took play calling away from Roman at the half
I think we're finally gonna end that horrible losing at halftime streak
 Colts defense fighting over who’s turn is it to destroy Bozeman
"I'm hard, hard as rock, once you make that coochie pop! 

POP THAT COOCHIE..  POP POP THAT COOCHIE BABY!"
The colts have awoken a beast...and he's HUNGRY!!!!!
We gotta have a different playcaller. I don't see otherwise how this offense just became so different than the rest of the year
Throw the first half team to the trash and please keep the second half team. We look so competent dammit
Rivers is so bitch made
Andrews blocked that guy into a completely different sport.
"I just want to see Lamar run this ""new"" offense. Our lama has an edge this second half."
Not our Queen.
Damn if they didnt get that i think that was game
Looks like a stinger
Can 2020 stop exerting its influence on this team?
I can't believe Rivers is extending plays on us...
That Ravens fan in the stand th0
"All good it looks like, may just had the wind knocked out of him"
Ferguson has made some really nice tackles today
they are killing the clock themselves
QUEEN IS IMMORTAL JUST LIKE ELIZABETH
Indy's burning a lot of clock for not a lot of gain on this drive
Let's go D force a turnover
JUDON lol
Judon made a play like you want from a franchise tag guy.
That's a terrible situational play calling kick it lol
"RAN OVER THE RB TO HIT THE ARM, BODY BUILT BY TACO BELL"
I just wanna know what the halftime speech in the lockeroom was. I need that
"Run the clock, add a fg, go home."
Man I would've liked a little more misdirection on that play. Had a chance to basically seal the game.
Looked like OPI to me
No flag?  I'm impressed
I hate rivers.
Shocked there was no flag lol
Rivers is a whiny bitch
Shut up Rivers
"THERES ANOTHER HIT, TERRY BONDS!"
Rivers is such a bitch
Wow Bonds didn't get burnt on that 3rd down holy shit
4:20 left. Time to spark up.
Dobbins plays a lot of Madden
Legit right down the middle. Love me some tucker!!!!
"Tucker just wants to remind people that he's the best there is, best there was, best there ever will be."
"As a straight guy, I have no problem admitting that I would totally have Justin Tucker’s babies!"
TUCKER THE FUCKER with the tackle
Tucker the fucker bro chill lmao
Tucker tackle
Tucker really can do it all!
Go ahead Tuck! Saved a TD return
That popcorn machine leaves so many questions
Finally call the block in the back on the Colts. Been getting away with it on screens all day.
Why was there no 10 second run off for the block in the back?
Guys we actually came back at the half!
"Bonds hasn't been spectacular, but he has been way better than expected this game"
Good to see a game that wasn’t clusterfucked w penalties on our end
"Big win, felt good after the adjustments made at the half"
"I went to work after the half, so I wasn't watching. I think I'm bad luck when I watch.

For proof, I point to the time walked into the room right as Cundiff fucked up.

So uh... yall are welcome."
If Greg Roman is still our OC for next season idk what I would do...
[deleted]
What a stupid fucking play on 3rd and 3.
"Have a bad feeling about this game, especially if our offense stays stagnant"
I'm sure the defense is really going to appreciate this 3-and-out coming up
We fucking suck
Bitches on twitter but can’t catch the ball. Nice.
Can’t whine on social media about not getting the ball and then not make that catch.
This offence is just boring. It’s just not it. Week after week they just look lost.
"Nothing but screens and jet sweeps, and it's working"
Some of you guys defending Roman on here he is ruining our franchise QB that’s the reason he needs to get the fuck outta here
How are we not 2-5 instead?
It should be noted that the last two weeks we’ve played two top 5 defenses
This game makes me wanna drink
WHY IS JUDON COVERING A RECEIVER
We have to be the most undisciplined team in football. Just a flag every 3-5 plays on us
Offensive line: bad. Receivers: bad. Lamar: bad. Greg Roman: bad.
Any realistic chance we fire Roman this week?
Why didn't a raven fall down and fake injury
Colts DBs are literally laughing at our Offense rn smh.....
Let lamar throw deep cant be worse than this
"Imagine if we had the best kicker in the league, like that Butker dude"
Let's get healthy and maul the Pats
I swear I think half this sub actually hates the Ravens sometimes.
"I have a really bad feeling that it doesnt matter how anemic our offense looks, Harbaugh is gonna keep him around for at least another year or two. I love Harb but he's stubborn af with his coordinators."
"STOP THE COUNT

STOP THE COUNT

STOP THE COUNT

CAN’T LET BLUE WIN"
I forgot how depressing this sub can be when it’s tied in the start of the 2nd
go tweet that one hollywood ffs
Are...are we bad?
catch the ball soulja
Hollywood showing again he ain’t a #1
"I can't stand Rivers, watching him get run over there was amazing lmao"
"One of our biggest weaknesses defensively is misdirection, that was exposed in the chiefs game"
We literally shit our pants every time there is an end around or a WR screen. It’s almost impressive how bad we are at covering them
Roman isn’t trusting Lamar to go through his reads.
This offense is an embarrassment this season
Need 35 yards and still won't chuck it down field. Pathetic.
Indy is a dirty ass franchise.
"This is fucking embarrassing. Undisciplined, zero creativity or jump. Ravens not even looking like an NFL team right now. This is becoming a sickening theme."
"Gettin a tad bit worried now boys lmao
This offense today"
"If we keep this up we could miss the playoffs, even with the extra spot."
" Just want to go back 2019 and all the fun we had. Is that too much to ask? 

😭😭"
"Colts fans bitching about the pick, and I can't even blame them"
So..... where are all of yall talking all this shit about how the season is doomed in the first half?
Rudy Giuliani needs to stop this game right now.
Holy shit THAT playcall! LMAO
I miss Ronnie boys :(
"Vegas just changed us underdogs, what the fuck happened?!"
Do I start Dez over Darius Slayton???
I hope to see Lamar pissed and going off with his arm and legs.
I really hope Dez pops off and Boykin can learn how to use his size from him
My take - Rivers cries 5 times.
ITS GAMETIME BITCHES
LET'S GO DEFENSE
LET'S GOOOO D
My fav thing to do on Sunday is this chat. Let's gooo guys
Rivers thinking about his lunch LOL
Jesus christ Campbell down and rubbing his hamstring.
Wtf man not like this
I think he’s ok.
Not Campbell no
The injuries are starting to get ridiculous
This can't be real.
"Guys he got up on his own and he wasn’t down for long, I think he’ll be ok"
please be a calf cramp.
"Colts must've really liked something in film, every play is to the outside."
Bruh lol
Wtf was that play call?
Yikes Bozeman got shit on.
Excellent tackle by the oline there.
Lmao that play was broken as soon as the ball was snapped
Bozeman got shit on lol
Holy shit bozeman
Wtf was that play call?
Back at it again with the awful 3rd down playcalling. Gonna be a long game.
It's like Roman has just given up completely. We ran the option pitch the whole 2nd half last week. It's on tape
GET GREG ROMAN THE FUCK OUTTA BALTIMORE MAN
McPhee with a nice stick
Mcphee was such a good pick up
So who we putting at CB once Jimmy inevitably gets hurt and Dorsey being out? Can Dez play CB? Hollywood? Probably has better chance touching the ball as a CB in our offense lol.
Nice no call on the blatant block from the back on Yannick
Zero pressure. 100% clean pocket. No one in the frame!
Bonds is back... tuck that guy sucks
"This is definitely a game we are gonna have to win on offense, they have a really good line, and the secondary is thin"
should have got Desmond King
Jfc that red zone TD% was awful. 31st in the league.
Refs eat da poopoo
Here we go....
Cmon' atleast make it competitive.
We cannot pass the ball vertically this year. You have to be able to line up and pass the ball at will to be great in this league. We are never recreating the BEST rushing team of ALL TIME. Have to evolve.
"How is it possible that we have the most CB depth in football besides the Patriots and yet are almost completely drained on CBs.  No Marlon, Tavon, Marshall, Averett or Bonds.  We only have Peters, Smith and Dorsey left so 2 CBs and a guy pretending to play corner."
The worst thing about this is we know Roman is more inclined to give up on the run
Greg Roman panicking. Probably won’t see another rush attempt the whole game
Too many injuries man season is long we have time
Shitty playcalls here we come
And we can’t even snap now. This is a joke
The amount of real fans that have stopped tuning into this chat. The ones that don’t panic the moment we’re down a score
Skura bro what the hell was that snap?
Good job skura
Thanks Madden
How was that snap Lamar's fault
We cant even snap the ball
Skura fucked up the snap again
So many bad snaps
See I like when they use hollywood like that. He's quick enough to get to the sideline in time
DEZ IS IN THE FIELD!
"Is Matt Skura okay? What's going out there with his snaps?

**EDIT**: Apparently, his thumb(?) suffered a cut early in the game and that was the issue on that drive. His right hand is now wrapped up."
Skura is losing his mind. THAT snap sucked too.
We’re gonna have to throw the ball this game man.
"2nd and 12, yeah let's throw it 5 yards behind the sticks. Great gameplan Roman!"
Did the colts just friendly fire on that tackle?
Even though that was a stupid face mask Hill has looked more physical and better as a blocker today.
Cant Levine play in the slot? Rather see him then Bonds
This is going to be a long day
Strap in boys here we go again
Hollywood bitches and moans about targets and then pulls that shit.
Penalize ur souljias
"&#x200B;

So, where is Dez Bryant?  🤔"
I think it might actually be impossible to have penalties against our opponents
Hey guess who?! Bonds
Another throw to the guy Bonds is “covering”
CHUCK
Rivers got his eyes on Bonds 😂 this gonn be a looooooong game
Lmao Rivers
"**WOO-HOO, CHUCK CLARK TO THE HOUSE FOR 6!!!!!**"
THATS A FUMBLE
Our Defense scores more points than offense good ole Ravens football
"God damn, Metcalf could’ve started from Baltimore and caught Chuck."
LETS GOOOOOOO!!!!l
FUMBLEROOSKI!
DEFENSE
Jesus Christ chuck clark is slow as shit lol. That’s my boy though.
38 does not appear to be an NFL Caliber player
We needed that. Thank goodness
## I ALWAYS TRUSTED THIS TEAM /s
Marlo's spirit is the 12th man!!!
Thats what we needed!!!!!
That’s a blessing. A true blessing
Fuck yeah!!! Defense is the only thing keeping us relevant this year.
LETS GOO
Fuck yea!! Just what we needes
Defense bailing the abysmal offense out again.
Did Rivers get tackled by the turf?
what even happened with rivers? did he just fall
LOL. Sometimes you need some sort of random play like that to swing the game
Jesus H. Clark
Holy shit chuck Clark
Let’s f*****n gooooooo
Rivers slipping away on his tears.
Chuck Clark looks different.
He got CHUCKED
We're gonna have to rely on D and Tucker arent we? :flaccofeels:
Old man rivers saw Clark coming and took a seat haha
"God damn I'm happy, but still nervous because depending on the defense to score like this feels unsustainable"
Can this spark our offense to play better too?
"Oh man, that image of Rivers watching the Ravens D score. Priceless."
Jesus christ every time I go out back behind the bar to smoke we score a touchdown
Felipe Rios what is you doing baby?
the way Rivers just randomly fell lmaoooo
That Rivers flop is prime gif material
I don't even care that I started taylor in fantasy I'm just glad we got a fumble td lol
Was that Peters that caused the fumble?
Gotta love ~~Harlan~~ Ian talking about the 'Fruit Punch'
Frank Reich watched the tape of the game vs Washington. Screens are killing us.
Zero run D :(
where’s our run d
That replay of rivers on the ground trying to grab clark is hilarious 😂
Bonds nooooo!!!
Hold the ball Bonds
FUCK that would’ve been amazing
GODDAMNIT BONDS CAN'T YOU DO ANYTHING RIGHT?
Not very 007 of you Bonds
I knew rivers was to pussy to go for it 😂
The hell going on in KC?
Damn Bonds could have extended his life on this roster lol
"screens and sweeps are working because Humphrey isnt in. You guys shouldnt be surprised. Add that up w Queen being susceptible to misdirections and u got a stew goin

think of him as a DE containing on the boundary. None of the guys in there are as strong or as physical at the point of attack, not even our LBs tbh"
Not gonna lie I can't wait for the Ravens wired this week with Philip rivers in it
Philip Rivers throws like a vagina.
Shoutout to frank reich for telling rivers to take the delay of game once he saw the colts were 6/9 on the year on 4th down
What the fuck even is our offensive play calling
2.5 yards per play oh yea
"That was a nicely designed play, would have helped of the blocks were better"
This offense is so ass
Jees what happened to this offense
This doesnt feel like our year. Our playcalling is an absolute joke. Im fully on the firing roman train.
MARSHAL YANDA RETIRED. STOP TRYING TO MAKE THE RUN UP THE MIDDLE HAPPEN
I prefer flacco check downs. /s
Bozeman is getting destroyed today.
"Lamar is frustrated, call the game to his fucking strengths"
Roman gotta go
Bozeman just standing around
Bozeman with the 1/10th of a block on the play.
"Again wth is Lamar suppose to do there with Leonard right in front of him, its the garbage playcalling"
This offense looks worse than the 2018 offense when all we did was run the ball. What is Greg Roman calling?
Roman needs to go
"I remember last week we really needed a third down conversion against Steelers inn the red zone.  We ran the same play we just did and failed.  At this point, I'm watching because of defense.  Our offensive drives have no cohesion what so ever, so blah"
"The fact that the offense looks so bad, on so may different levels, while we have the most exciting player in ravens history is incredibly frustrating"
This team isn’t going anywhere with this offense
If harbs still backs Roman after these series of play calling I.........
I feel like the refs are constantly gaslighting me and I don’t even know what holding is anymore.
Shoutout Madibuike. That was hustle
Nice stop by Madubuike
I’m looking forward to seeing another drive where we do absolutely nothing
Did Lamar just throw to a guy who was fucking blocking?
"This situation has Cam Cameron written all over it. The play calling is stale and predictable, so the offense is falling flat on it's face. Harbaugh may have a tough decision in front of him coming up soon. This team's SB window is closing and can't wait for Roman to figure it out."
Trash fucking offense right now smh
a fucking screen for a TE who is about 3 yards behind the LOS
We fired our offensive coordinator in week 14 in 2012 and went on to win it all... just saying
Jackson isn’t going through his reads at all.
GET THE FUCK OFF THE FIELD MARCUS
Peters is great lmao
tfw Greg abandons the run in a tied game
bitch ass 32
What the hell are these window throw calls now? Greg Roman seriously needs to be fired. I'm staying the petition.
"Stay not-ejected, MP..."
Peters baby wtf are you doing out there
Cheap shot
Marcus Peters seems fun as fuck to chill with
That was a lot worse than I thought it was at first
This o line is infuriating
How many yards you wanna lose Lamar?
"Lamar Jackson is not as fast, elusive, or explosive as last year."
WHY IS THIS PLAYCALLING SUCH ASS
Love how even the ravens defense players come to stand up for Jackson. Shows you how much the team rides for him
To be fair... Who knows how Jackson's head is right now
had fg shot w/ tucker but not anymore
"One step forward, two steps back"
"So people defending this absolutely pathetic show of offensive play, I’d love to hear your thoughts."
Fuck it just chuck up a deep ball
3rd and 35 LOL
3rd & 35! Pog
This is embarrassing
Can we get another bye week?
Just punt on 3rd
RAY RICE TIME
Fire. Greg. Roman.
Zero NFL teams would’ve tried to get the first down on 3rd and 35 right there.
"Biscotti has got to be pissed! Right?!

This can't be acceptable to him..."
What the hell is going on!? Offensive play calls are a joke.
Does Roman need to get fired into the sun? This offense is anemic
"Offense looks horrible right now. Whether its the oline, greg roman, the receivers, or lamar. They gotta straighten this out"
Trading away Hurst and not investing big in OL in the draft has cost us. Greg's playcalling isn't working as a result and Lamar had no chance.
I've started opening this thread on my phone and resting my beer on it. The amount of cold takes in this thread keeps my beer ice cold.
Why dont we ever take a deep shot just to keep the defense on their toes a bit
"Classic Judon, get him the fuck off the field"
Wouldn't be third down without Judon commiting a penalty
Fire Roman after this game this is inexcusable. I’m getting tired of this team’s excuses from coaches and players
Just shooting ourselves in the foot non-stop this year.
Dumb hit by McPhee
Greg Roman needs to be fired if they lose this game and they need to immediately start working on rebuilding Lamar's confidence and evaluating where he's at.
"Every 3rd, we get a penalty🤦🏾‍♂️"
Pittman's going to be catching all day because Bonds is on him. Obvious.
O-line help desperately needed
Why do our corners give so much cushion?
"not a single deep pass yet, yet we're playing off them"
The good news is that we're probably going to get a lot of practice at playing from behind
We cant win this game without our offense
The Ravens can never have too much cornerback depth. It’s really hurting us this year.
No matter what defense scored 7 and kept them in check so far our offense either wins or loses the game
We probably kneel the clock out.
Why take that out
Are we leading the NFL in penalties yet?
We’ve been playing so undisciplined lately and it’s getting old 🤦🏽‍♂️
Let's just kneel it out til half I dont think I can watch a Lamar 2 min warning turnover right now.
WHY DO WE KEEP DOING STUPID SHIT?
Wtf are these play calls????????? Jesus christ its like a dying animal just shoot it
"Wow, we are literally giving up."
Penalties has to equal poor coaching right?
One teams playing to win
im actaully scared of jackson's dropbacks now. he goes back AT LEAST 10 yards.
56 yrds lol
This year is a wash
"For all the ""wouldn't have survived the boller days"" this offense looks as bad as those days"
So....we going to fire Roman yet?
Somethings definitely wrong with the psyche of this team. Like is Lamar saying fuck it cuz he knows the plays being called are ass?
Hail Mary pick-6 incoming
Good thing they have those big receivers!!
Aight this is the game where we break the streak of losing games when trailing at halftime. I belee. We couldn't possibly do worse that this first half
"Cant wait for the team to come out and show off the great adjustments they made at halftime lol. Seriously though, the coaching is killng us"
"I love Lamar and I really really hope this is just Roman being dumb. Lamar hasn’t looked good, but throws well still. Like he just is in the wrong system"
"So when are we gonna see changes?!

We have a lot invested in this year..."
Harbs better have the speech of the century for the guys in the locker room.
we havent had any game w/ good halftime adjustments. not expecting much here
"We sat up here in the off season and saw that this Front Office refused to get any help on offensive side. In fact, the offense got worse with the retirement and then trading of Hurst.

The Front Office did nothing...except draft a raw 3rd round WR.

This season offense production was PREDICTABLE.

So now, the Ravens hope (as it should be) rest ENTIRELY on the defense. They are the ones that got all the limited resources."
At least Lamar has no turnovers. Proud of my boy
"Back to the days of defense playing both ways to win games, would be more than happy to drop Roman this season has shown he ain’t it"
Seriously concerned how we never run Lamar from under center? I think the PA game would work far better and we could run some bootleg/more misdirection
"If the OLine could give us enough time to throw deep passes, that’d be cool."
Mekari needs to be replaced. He’s been horrible
Asses got chewed out in the locker room at halftime
That's a horrendous stat... 20 straight losses when trailing at half? How many years does that go back?
"yo, this offense is what I want"
20 straight losses when losing at halftime lol WTF??? This isn't even a Lamar problem apparently
Well there goes that
You've got to be fucking kidding me
Good feeling gone
Because of course
And there we go
Jesus fuck man how does this keep happening
"Pack it up fellas, we’re done :("
"NNOOOOOOOOO

I just started to feel good about the offense"
What the fuck Gus eat my ass dude
"Yo I came in from fishing to watch this and saw the very end of the half, 54 total yards... Maybe I should have stayed, eh could get better in the 2nd! Nope, should have fucking stayed out..."
We're still good. Get a stop and we're back like we never left
Hollywood wont get tackled but can make one lol
Not our year. Just laughable.
dude its a curse. something is going on.
I think he secured it and went down to the ground and then lost it.
That's... deflating. Can't put that one on Roman. All execution on that one.
No way they reversing this
Literally can’t blame Lamar or even Roman. O line is fucked with a capital F
Good play calling on the drive don't sweat yet boys
Bad challenge
What a fucking waste
No way that was a catch. What the fuck is our coaching staff doing? Just grasping at straws
I mean why the fuck not.
Another wasted challenge this week... who is talking to him from the booth?
"Possibly the weirdest challenge in the history of professional football. But alright, who needs 3 timeouts"
"He took multiple steps and had control and wasn't initially going down on the play, this is going to be very interesting. It doesn't pass the smell test to me but seems to check all required boxes?"
 Wait that looks like Ravens ball!!
Someone explain how that isn’t a catch please. Shit was glued to both hands
"We're running a north south player on a delayed handoff at the goal line...and we wonder why we fumble at the goal line. Just stupid shit all around.

Roman seriously has this team in a point where they have no idea what to be."
ALRIGHT WHO FUCKING JINXED IT
I wanna roll up in the curtain and the carpet and roll the fuck away from this game feeling safe
Color me FUCKING SHOCKED
No way LOL
Lol @ everyone saying it was a dumb challenge
the mad lad actually did it
Everyone thought the challenge was dumb but harbaugh playing 4D chess
Wtf?! I think thats a bad call
See? It was a good challenge! Peters held onto the football long enough for it to count as an interception.
Harbaugh you fucking genius
TIL Idk what a catch is...what year is this
Holy fuck they reversed it?!
I'll eat crow. I'm insanely surprised they gave us that
Dez definitely caught that lol
Lamar has looked really good this half so far
y'all were saying lmao
dez caught it
"That was a~~n unintentional~~ *coincidental* perfect finger point at the camera by Dez Bryant after CBS cut back from the catch/not catch highlight during that Cowboys/Packers playoff game all those years ago. ""You damn well know I caught that pass."""
hopefully leonard is ok
That’s my soulja boi
Anyone feels like these commentators complain every time we have a favorable call? Literally every time
I want to see a Dez completion
"Good luck to Darius Leonard, that dude is an unbelievable player"
"Hope Leonard is okay because I never want injuries, but he's been destroying us today. It'll definitely make our lives a lot easier."
Bro how is Pizza Hut gonna do my boy Gus like that
My anxiety is too high!
Wow Roman didn't fuck that one up for once
Hell of a drive. Once again though this should be 21-10. These turnovers are killing us.
HE'S IN
We should get both of those fucking TDs
We just made what should've been back to back TD drives. Nice halftime adjustments
Yeah good luck dropping Gus three times in a row
"There you go Gus, you got your revenge right away"
That down judge is fucking blind
Gus Redeemed himself
knee didn't touch
LETS GO BOYS OFFENSE IS OILED UP NOW
"Once again, the ref announces a lineman as eligible for us, but I remember back against the Chiefs when they scored with a lineman, they didn't announce it like that. Am I wrong on that? Or do they not have to announce it over the speakers just to the defensive captain or something?"
The offense is looking so fluid in this 2nd half
I love how hype we are compared to halftime. LETS KEEP THIS THREAD HYPE! KEEP THE MOMENTUM! KEEP THE TRUSS!
"Steve to Roman on the phone during halftime: ""Get your shit together, or you can stay put at indy after the game"""
I'm happy but how did he escape lol
"Good job defense, now let’s increase the lead"
Haven't got to Rivers once today.  Is Indys line really that good?  Or Campbell being out really standing out?
Now all my fantasy team needs is an andrews td and the defence to get more turnovers then maybe I have a chance lol
"I know it didn't amount to much, but that Proche Stiff arm was nice"
"Holy shit, Boykin made a catch. This really is 2020"
Boykin sighting!
Nick Boyle is clutch today
Looks so much better in the 2nd half
Here’s the offense that I have missed so much!
"Can someone confirm that Roman is not calling the plays since the half?

This offense looks totally different"
O-Line actually looking better
All of that for 1 yard
this OL looks so much better now
Go for it
Go for it
Go for it
Go for it or nah? I say go
Horrible spot.
[deleted]
"IT WASN'T A QB DRAW.

THATS A WIN TO ME!"
I hope we get this. If we don't that could be a momentum changer
Noice
Skura is so trash today at snapping
That was huge
Something's up with Matt Skura other than his cut up hand he has looked off for a few games now
Did we rly hold them to 1 yard all quarter lol
Anyone else think it’s weird the NFL started this game at the second half
Skura is missing a whole off-season coming off an MCL/ACL tear but still really concerned. we need good OL
Love we still trust Gus after the caugh up.
Just let Lamar be Lamar...needs to be the game plan moving forward
Jackson.... Looks GOOD for once this season???? He seems confident again and doesn't seem like he's trying to do too much or make every play. We look more dominant than 2019 in this last quarter Probably the best Football we've played against a good team all year.
SKURA man
Damn 12 straight completions
Ricard lead blocking Dobbins is a thing of beauty I want to see for multiple seasons to come.
>The Ravens are now 6-for-9 on fourth-down conversions this year. - @bsmolka
19/23 Lamar is actually doing good imo
this 2nd half has been amazing besides the fumble so far
madden spin op
Damn that faked me
There’s my QB!!
Beautiful
He's back baby.
Andrews just murdered some poor SOB
NOW I WANNA SEE STEPHEN A SMITH TALK ABOUT HOW LAMAR LACKS PASSING SKILLS AGAINST GOOD DEFENSES!!!!
The offense is back lesssss gooooooo
Completely fooled them :)
Now THAT’S MVP LAMAR
Gonna need a gif of Lamar's dance after the TD.
"This is the right playcalling, u/GregRoman! Great playcalling all second half...!"
Okay that was actually a good play call..
If it’s true. Fire Greg Roman and Promote Urban! Now!
"Someone else must be making the calls now. This isnt romans plays. If anything was adjusted at half, it was that. Im more than certain."
WHAT A FAKE
Oh what’s that? The Colts overcommitted on a run play because we’ve actually been running it?  Who would’ve thought!!
They need to do something about this line. Skura and Bozeman fell straight backwards on that play wtf
Rivers looking like hes in his feelings rn 😂
"Fantastic play calling adjustment by Roman at the half, absolutely brilliant stuff. Offense looks more confident"
Is this our seasons turnaround??
OL is literally falling over themselves as Lamar escorts himself to the endzone.
Convinced that someone else is calling plays.
Download complete
Can’t commend our guys enough for turning it around on offence and for Roman to adjusting. Hope they can close it out.
Record consecutive 20+ points. Wooooot.
"Our offense SUCKS !!!!
Fire Greg Roman !!!!





Oh wait,  we aren't doing that anymore?"
Darius Leonard is a beast. Wish he were wearing purple
Mark Andrews going to be on GMFB for that block
"I have this theory (untested) that when the Baltimore Ravens offensive unit calls running plays consistently (and does not abandon the run), that Lamar Jackson is able to achieve peak performance."
"Defense needs to hold now, can’t get soft."
"Props to Roman. When he does bad, we shit on him. He has turned it around this half so give credit where it's due. Oline has been a lot better second half as well."
"Oh no, not Queen please."
We can’t keep losing people fuck
NOOOOOOOO
"Once Lamar gets going and confident, the whole team seems to pick up that same energy. I just wish it didn't take this long for them to get going"
Concussion looks like
not queen cmon
I think its a concussion and not a body injury but im not a doctor
Took it on the chin...hopefully not a concussion
Is the Madden curse still a thing?! Ravens can't catch break with injuries this year it seems like.
He's just shaken up a bit. Lets chill guys
That super bowl ring hat is awesome
"i think i was right, wind knocked out him"
Keep running the clock for us
#JUDON!!!!
Big time stop!!!
#BITCH ASS COLTS GET THE FUCK OFF THE FIELD
Judon musta shat out that $17 mil of Taco Bell he ate finally.
LETS GO JUDON
The Colts D isn't the only one that came to play today.
A team has Philip Rivers at quarterback in 2020 and expected to actually be good offensively...don’t know who thought that would happen
JUDON!
JUDON MADE A PLAY BOIS
Judon finally has an impact this year
Fuck you Rivers
A couple first downs here and that's the game
Omg.. I held my breath that last play.  Please... no more injuries.
Offense turned it up this half and defense kept their shot together despite Calais and Marlon out and a bunch of players out of practice for COVID. Fuck yes fuck yes
Give Dez a carry!
Being conservative
"""The Ravens are absolutely vibing bro""

- The announcers"
Almost got blocked
This game feels like a football movie came out super flat the first half team got a inspirational talk got back out their in the second half and is handling business!!
"Man, we are absolutely crushing the Indy returners this game"
Steelers V Cowboys are rivals since when?
Merkari is below average at best but when he has a bad game holy fuck it’s bad
Hopefully 44 will be back next week
EDC is on the phone with Deion Sanders right now
Pray for the Red Rifle to come through.
Tight coverage from Bonds
Rivers trying to pull a Brady
rivers: what the gosh darn heck? son of a gun
Last gasp literally? Like Indy is gonna die?
Go Cowboys!
JTuck is magical
Man adjustments aside the Oline is still an issue. Too many hits behind the line.
Tuck is everything
"This team played great today despite all the struggles we came from behind and will most likely come away with the win.  Lamar looked damn good other then one pass where it should’ve been picked.  The pass catchers got open a decent amount, and the defense played incredible despite the practice situation and missing so many pieces."
Shades of Truzz there on the sidelines.
Tuck making the tackle! Ok big boi!
If we fix our line this team wins the superbowl. Between injuries and the OL I'm scared af
Lol Tuck getting his nose a lil dirty
J TUCK WITH THE TACKLE
Tuck chill bra we need your leg not your tackles
lol damn Tucker can tackle too. he had to get his ass
Defense for player of the game first half lamar for second half
Nice to see an offensive comeback in the second half
Wtf was that???
We gotta keep them out of the end zone.  Because onside kicks make me nervous af.
Rivers wasn't moving in front of Marino today.  Not a chance in hell
Dub
U complain not getting the ball and u can't catch shit
Who would've thought that losing a generational guard and a top tackle would make the offensive line into a sieve.
Lmaoo y’all are all fake as FUCK lol the offensive line is playing like shit. Lamar has been pretty accurate had the one bad triple coverage decision to Hollywood but Jesus y’all are disappointing
"Lamar Jackson was BEGGING all off season for the Front Office to go get Antonio Brown. Instead, the Front Office and much of the Ravens fanbase laughed claiming we do need Brown.

PREDICTBLY, we now have one of the worst passing offenses because we have one of the worst weapons on offense.

Seasons are often won and lost in the OFF SEASON...when you have the most opportunity to improve your team."
wtf was that? Better play calling PLEASE
Play calling is going to be our weakness all season long SMH
Come in soulja
I think we all forget what it feels like to have every game be competitive after last year. We’re all so used to destroying every team in our way. This is football though and we have to accept its not 2019 anymore.
Ugh yeah we’re done this year. Prolly 10-6 and get bounced in the wildcard
Defense giving up 10 yards per play is no bueno
Love that TD but holy crap they’re moving the ball on us like it’s nothing.
I miss Campbell
"Wait, so they didn’t call timeout, but they also didn’t call a delay? What?"
Tf is this playcalling
Y'all bitched all week about abandoning the run because Roman called a single pass to start the half now and are upset because we run too much...
Fun Fact: Rivers is 0-13 or some shit against Brady 😂
"Even if we win this game...

We are not super bowl caliber"
We have 55 yards of offense and are only down by 3. We should be getting blown out. Lets see what adjustments they'll make.
Didnt we upgrade or offense from last year or is a 3rd TE really that important
"it’s funny to me that people try to find a way to blame Lamar when the play calling is atrocious, our OL can’t stop a 4 man rush, and our “WR1” drops passes"
This same exact thing happened to the 49ers in 2015 with Greg Roman. He has to go immediately
Wait I thought Lamar was bad according to this sub?
"""I have remembered how to play football.""

- Ravens Offense (Second Half, 11/8/2020)"
LOL the Colts sub is crying about the refs.....lmfao
Lots of ravens fans eating...crow
Lamar had a pocket there. He ran into the sack. Showing no poise lately
I hope this is just cramps
Down 7-0 in the 1st means we won’t run at all today. Get ready for an ugly one boys
Ugh Brown gotta get that one Soulja
Brown isn't as good as he thinks he is and Lamar isn't as good as we need him to be right now.
"Besides the equalizing turnover, The Ravens 'defense is looking toothless"
"We look so goddamn bad on defense thus far.

4 starters down and it's painfully obvious."
TO BE FAIR TO BONDS: theres a reason hes on defense
>It's been a frustrating ~~day~~ year for the Ravens and Lamar Jackson
"Serious question:  Does anyone else think Lamar has been playing hurt this season? A couple weeks ago he was on the injury report with a knee injury. 

Feel like there's something just a bit off, that's affected his overall game. Last season, his escapabilty & cuts were so sharp. Defenders are locked onto him right now."
lmao so much hate for Judon and then it wasn’t even his fault
Lol at yall calling judon stupid and it wasnt even him....
Fucking Elliot played that so bad he almost took out Jimmy Smith lol
We look lost. What happened to the swagger we had. We just look so flat
That's the same hit that the Steeler's didn't get flagged for last game
Every game we've played has been getting worse and worse and worse. Team is on a hard decline and nowhere near SB contenders
Do we stink?
"Our offense is complete trash and when things work Roman just abandons it , like this is insanely bad"
Ravens defense is carrying so hard.  Watch us win it but our offense doesn’t score a point.
"56 yards of offense 0 on the ground. This team was up 20 at half last season every game, im sick"
20 points streak ends today.
"Why did we get to the redzone and immediately stop passing? Lamar finally gets some rhythm and we just yank it away. It's okay to pass a lot if it's working, it's 2020."
#dezcaughtit
Fuck man why are so many big name players getting hurt.
figure it out Skura
#Tucker KPW: 99 KAC: 99 BALLS: 100
yeah everyone lets roast the UDFA corner for being bad when he really shouldn’t even be playing but forget about marlo deciding to splurge his contract money outside every week
"Way to bobble a crucial third down, ""soulja."""
This team would be insanely good if we had an NFL offense. Damn shame
Fire Roman after this game I’m begging you. These players look like they have checked out because they know he’s ass
Can’t believe how Lamar breathed on Edwards there . Smh look at the regression.
"If it were 2019, RG3 would be going in."
Dont ask me how I know but Dez is gonna catch a 35ish yard catch and run TD where he breaks 2 tackles
THROW THAT 🙅🏽‍♂️ UP!!!!
White on Purple is so fire
"Alright boys, I placed a whole four dollars on us at +100. Let’s get it."
I am about to throw up
TIME TO GO BOYS
Let’s do this shit!! I want a huge game from the passing attack
Rivers ya friggin crybaby
Do you guys think Judon will grt his boneheaded penalty before or after the half?
You have to be fucking kidding me
Welp
Fuck this season so hard right now man.
Oh sweet Jesus.
I'm about to panic
The season that just keeps on giving
"Fuck injuries, it makes games so hard to enjoy"
I’m glad we’re wearing the purple pants. White on black is my least favorite combination and we wear it basically every game on the road
"Burger, 40's the Mike!"
Don't want to jinx it but it doesnt look crazy bad or anything.
I'm sick of these guys jumping. It works 1/10 times and almost injured you all of the rest of the times.
What the living fuck was that
What in the fuck kind of play was that? Pathetic.
What the hell?..
Roman wtf is this
Wtf was that..
Bozeman got beat like a drum
31 looked injured after the play he was holding his hand
Great job utilizing our WRs
#Let Lamar throw it bruh
Well Dorsey lasted a whole 10 seconds
Campbell questionable to return
"i wish mcphee got the money judon did, hes playing better"
Reich too smart for Wink.  He's going to throw screens all over the place.
Block in the back
Who the fuck is Tyrell bonds
"Man, I hope I’m wrong, but with all the outstanding stuff going on (no practice time for a half the defense and injuries) I don’t know if we can keep up right now. Still early, hope I’m wrong"
We got someone named Terrell Bonds out there covering receivers
Offense better show up today
Patrick Queen FF let's go
This might be an ass whooping
"So they attack the edges all the way down the field then run the decoy and come the other way. Nice gameplanning.  

That's the thing that I don't like about Roman - it's not necessarily the plays themselves (tho need work) it's the sequencing and setup of the other team when we are on offense."
Not a good 2nd drive for the D... Let's see if they can adjust.
Playing from behind already man wtf
This may come as a complete shocker for a lot of people in here. It’s just the 1st quarter.
"And this start shows you can’t just look at a teams record and make conclusions. I know we have a lot going against us this week, but we were bullied that drive and looked half asleep. Not acceptable."
"Greg Roman about to send the offense out to: run up the middle on first down for a gain of 2 , lamar RPO on second down for a gain of 3., incomplete pass to a doubled mark Andrew’s  on 3rd down."
We waste a down **every** single drive.
Lol this offense is a joke
We literally can’t even snap the ball
Cursed
Great start offense 👍
That snap perfectly describes the offense recently...
Great awareness by Boyle to snatch the ball of the ground
"Huh, who knew throwing to Dobbins was a good idea?

Wait...."
Skura’s snaps have been shaky all year. It finally bit him
Skura is playing like shit rn wtf
What in the fuck is Skura doing?
I wanna go back to the 19’ Ravens 😞
Fire Roman man the madden cpu calls better plays
What’s wrong skura
Da fuq is with these snaps
Wtf is with Skura?
Mekari start warming up
Look at that run. Everyone is crashing down on the LOS. Zero respect for our passing.
Probably thinking about the next hit. Drops it. Sick.
Hit both hands
Nice fucking coverage on that kick
Rashad Melvin sends his regards
Looking a lot like those late Flacco years
Who is our WR coach? Whoever he is get him the fuck outta here man
Get bonds out of here
Bonds fucking sucks
Man. Watching redzone. Mahomes has 15 feet of room in every direction around him on every drop back AND receivers that get separation. Me jelly
Thank you GOD. MP JUICEMAN!!!!!
#THERE WE FUCKING GO
Omg lol
EAT SHIT IRSAY
#Chuck Clark TD!!!!!
"To everyone saying its a wrap, no it’s not. But yes we are playing like shit."
I feel for Bonds. He’s going to get picked on all game.
Bonds is not an NFL player.
LMAOOOO HE LEAPED OVER RIVERS
Rivers gameplan: Find Bonds and exploit the hell out of him. Dont even look at Peters or Smith
Rivers flopping in front of Clark as a 'tackle'.  lol.
CHUCK CLARK I LOVE YOU
Lmaoooooo Rivers wtf was that
Chuck Clark just posterized that Colts player.
OH LORT!
Lmfaooo rivers
I’m so glad the refs let the play run out. I wasn’t sure it was a fumble at first
Marlon is here in spirit
What the hell just happened
LETS FUCKING GO
YOOOO
lol grabbing whatever he could get
Damn Ravens D is RUTHLESS
"LMAO

Thanks, Colts!"
Yeeessss leggo baybeeeeeee
LMFAOOOO
don't we need one more 20 point game to break the record?
we needed that so bad good shit
Who stripped it/ punched it out?
So proud of this defense dammit
"Does anyone want to argue that Lamar doesn't need better WRs again? Brown asks for more balls then drops the 3rd down pass. Brown is a great No. 2 WR, he is not a No. 1 WR in ANY good passing offense. 

Given the way this team is constructed and how much resources is devoted to defense -- the Ravens better score on defense for this team to have an shot in the playoffs."
This Dell add making me feel nauseous AF
2 big plays in a row on jaylon ferguson
Sack daddy isn’t even a tackle daddy
Aight we gotta meme the fuck out rivers 😂😂
Do the colts know how to throw anything else other than screens?
Bonds had a chance
Fucking Bonds lmao
fucking bonds i stg
Defense stepping up big time
That's a pick if it was Humphrey
BOnds that should’ve been a TD
Buffalo beating the brakes off Executive Chef Russ and his merry band of line cooks.
How do we not even ATTEMPT to throw a deep ball to Hollywood. Even if we were obligated to tell the Colts D before doing so we still fucking should!!
i cant remember the last time we completed any pass down like 15 yards
I have an unnatural amount of hatred for the fact that those WR sweeps are passing TDs
More designed runs please.
I’m liking the quick plays at least
Why cant we pull off the plays that other teams can?
Offense looks like doo doo
Why is Lamar’s drop back so deep????
Horrible call
Welps... Time for our D to get us another td
Might as well punt on 3rd and short with these play calls
Fuck Greg Roman. What are these play calls?
Player of the game is gonna be Sam Koch ain't it :(
Our offence looks so shit
Greg Roman - Why?
QB draw. How fucking predictable.
Fuck Greg Roman
This is pathetic we literally can’t throw anything other than screens
Our offense has suck but holy fuck today we haven’t even moved to their territory yet
Our O Line is sad...
Only positive I’ve seen is more misdirection by the offense. Too bad the line is absolute dog shit and can’t execute.
"Pass the fucking ball on a slant. Literally every team. Even the Jets know to do that. 

Greg Roman: QB Draw???"
"Am I the only one who feels like we're having Lamar do way more inside runs this year?

If you want to use that athleticism then go for it, but on designed runs you have to scheme him as an elusive RB. Stretch plays, off tackle, get him more space to make people miss and make a play instead of sending him down inside the trenches"
"Ya'l are so weird lol. All year you have been complaining  that we aren't running more screens, end-arounds, fakes, etc. The line actually has to block in order to be successful at any of these. the OL getting mauled right now."
So are we finally done with Greg Roman or is harbaugh too attached to him
"Our offense is legitimately terrible. You can't keep calling QB dives up the middle when it's 3 and 4 yards to gain.

If you can't scheme something easy -- a rub, a slant, a drag, an in-break, a curl with a known speedster like Hollywood after sending him go a bunch of times -- then what the fuck are we doing here."
There are two options: Lamar is absolute ass in passing and last year was a complete mirage OR GRo needs to be fired yesterday. I’m going with 2.
I hope we get some new age college coach to replace Roman
offensive line play is killing us
How do the fucking browns absolutely dismantle this colts team and we can’t even get it past our own 50... holy fuck this is turning into a Flacco Offense so quickly
So is this our thing now? Empty backfield on 3rd and 4? We run Lamar every time there is an empty backfield? This is us now? This is the way it is? I played baseball for 17 years and I play Madden on my Xbox. If I am able to call that play every single time I see it that's a problem. Shitty Ass play calls are making me look like Tony Romo from my fuckin couch
Real nice tackle there
I had no clue we were on SNF next week
Promote James Urban to OC. He seems like he has an idea of a 2020 offense
Is there any way to get Yanda to start packing pounds on again and come back
Defense still looking good as fuck
Please offence - show something! Just something.
Lets go deep!!
"To the eye test, the offense has had more and more trouble moving the ball with each week."
What in the name of fuck am I watching here
"This is like, ya know, embarrassing"
Our first round pick needs to be spent on Oline next year. Not even close.
"Fucking come on. 

Lamar isn't showing spunk because greg roman is an idiot"
this offense is dogshit
HEY THAT COLTS LINEMEN JUST TOUCHED AN OFFICIAL!
Lamar is awful at making decisions. I'm sorry. But you can not throw that ball. There is no excuse.
"LaMar got lucky on that one, that was an INt"
Remember last season when Lamar throw the ball and you just knew it would be money? Now I feel sick every time I see it come out of his hands.
I'm not sure there's a single positive thing about this offense lol
Yo he ain't open Lamar
Yet another atrocious pass
How is every reciever we throw to literally in triple coverage 😭
"Oh look, Peters running his mouth. Dude, you can not fucking get ejected."
Rivers has such a stupid whiny face
Burn the offense down and start over
"hahahaha Lamar getting Mekari I love
Lamar"
God this thread has some insufferable homers in it.
I like Mekari there
wow a questionable referee decision goes our way
Ah that’s a good call actually. Dipped the head
Bro he’d be tossed in college
FUCK BLACMON
Get angry! Show some fucking fire. Show some energy they you want to win.
Juiceman ready to go.
"Lamar looks baaaaad, it’s like he can’t read defenses at all when he drops back"
Cowboys take notes on how to defend your QB
This line is not blocking anyone
thats an ejection
Dirty af
Is it me or does the play calling look horrid?
Surely he should be kicked.
This is the first late hit we’ve ever had? In what 2 years ?
JUICEMAN DONT LIKE YALL FUCKING WITH OUR QB (whispers: but don’t get ejected Marcus goddamnit)
Take notes cowboys players. That’s how you defend your QB
Lamar has to win throwing today we cant get anything going on the ground
colt fans booing like dumbass babies
Bruh
Throw the fucking ball away
"Needs to get rid of that ball, also we literally have 0 protection"
We have no line at all
Seems like every pass play Lamar is so far back from the line. OL needs help big time.
That's hard to watch
Jackson  what the hell
"Wtf, pushed is way out of FG range"
Line is rough today
STEP UP IN THE FUCKING POCKET LAMAR
Offensive line is just awful
had hollywood wide open if plants fast and takes a hit.
This offense looks so bad on so many levels it’s sad
This is hard to watch
Our offensive line is in tatters
Lamar stop the hero ball plz
we need stanley
I seriously want to see more of Duvernay
yeah we need to draft a line
Just take a knee.
We make one good play and then follow with 3-4 bad ones.
I sure would love an interception right there. 👀👀👀
Imagine being an NFL lineman and not lining up properly
Flustered Lamar usually doesn’t bode well for his decision making. He needs to get back to the fundamentals
It’s time for Roman to yeet
"Why can’t we throw downfield dammit WTF 

At least take a chance...."
Lamar basically sacks himself when he starts running the wrong way to avoid a defender
Here come the trolls
"let's take a deep breath folks, it's going to be a long season, i know it's rough but we are the fucking ravens, we aren't incompetent"
No magic pill for this offense. Can only expect marginal improvements at this point in the year. Hopefully defense can get and stay healthy to carry the team.
Jackson is in his own head. He needs a sports shrink.
"I know some of y'all don't want to believe, but it just gets worse with Roman."
There's the Judon that we know.
Thanks Judon
What a fucking bullshit call
45 penalty yards already
More bullshit calls. That was not roughing the passer. The fuckkk
"No wayyyy, Judon is straight up trash"
I mean it looks bad but he clearly wasnt hesd hunting.
I'm manifesting a turnover on this drive
Undisciplined penalties are this team's own worst enemy.
man i miss yanda
"Is yannick a situational player? I was under the impression he plays every down, even though he isnt the best agaknst the run."
How are we so bad at both preventing and getting separation?
Colts about to go 95 yards on us
Jimmy smith giving up 15yds of cushion
I hate that I have to think about the state of Indiana for this long.
Surprised refs didn’t throw flag for DPI. Been fuckin us all season for playing good D.
Great coverage on that play
commentators talking about fucking luggage right now instead of our pass coverage
Doyle's beared looks likes it's glued on
The talent drop up front has really hurt our offense.  Hopefully the team develops our depth quickly
"This half could’ve been way worse. Hope they make adjustments at half time. Half to credit our defence for hanging in there despite not having Humphrey and Campbell, they’re playing as well as you can really ask for. As for the offence, they’re playing against a strong group but you have to ask for more than what they put up in the first half - you can tell they’re adjusting to life without Stanley (and Yanda) and still missing Ingram but man, this is a tough watch. They’re playing scared, timid, I hate the Roman play calling."
Blankenship kicks with his glasses on
Can Harbaugh tell the bois it’s ok to not commit penalties
So many flags what’s wrong with this team
Check downs are our new thing apparently
6 plays for negative yards
Returning kicks from the endzone would be a lot cooler if we didn't commit a penalty every time
Oh NOW you run the ball
"Look I know this team is undisciplined, but the amount of times we get called for holding while the other teams never do is kind of suspect."
JK gotta get out of bounds there. Free Colts timeout
this game is nauseating
Another botched snap😑
Hahahaha my god
"It's like we're not able to do anything positive. It's either a negative play, or we struggle to do some pedestrian shit that any other team can do with no issue"
"Wtf Roman. If you’re going to run on 2nd down when the opponent has 2 timeouts, you also run on 1st down"
Thank you JK Dobbins for running out of bounds on 1st.
Hard to watch. This is Kyle Boller Era bad
Can we also stop calling these horrible 5 wide passing plays with a weak O line with crappy route concepts. I’m so tired of Lamar dancing for a few seconds then getting dragged down
Jesus this is just sad. We can't do anything offensively.
This offensive line is bottom 5
Lamar should've gone left there but man. Guy has no room and noone getting open.
WTF WTF WTF WTF
This is almost as bad as last year was good
What is this offense? How has it declined this badly?
Lamar needs to take fucking charge of his team.
WOAH You can throw a route to a WR turning in close to the line of scrimmage? Like what type of direction is that? Sort of like a ... Slant or something?
oh nice refs got us a flag so helpful
Consecutive 20 pt game record is in danger lol
I was saying we were good all throughout these last couple of weeks but this is sad. Heads need to roll after we lose this and it's gotta be Roman. He's holding us back now.
Let me tell you why the offensive line playing poorly is obviously Lamar's fault...
Just NFC East things
Does our defense have more yards than our offense right now?
Like we cant even get to tucker's range
I want some Dez today
WOAH WAHT IS DIS
"Snead is a glue guy.  He aint flashy, but I cant say I wouldnt want a guy like him always on my offense."
Slants and Seams. As far as the eye can see. Keep digging
Did we fire Roman at halftime
LET LAMAR COOK!
Why are they showing 2019 highlights?
We should hire roman
Leonard is a freak
"Not the same offense, but I like this uptempo pressure offense."
Whatever they did in the locker room . . . they should remember that.
"I think someone snapped Roman's neck in the locker room and took over his job, where tf was this all day. Quick passes that dont take 10 minutes to develop? Slant routes? Mixing up the play calls? 

I don't get why Roman can't do this all the time"
LMAO OMFG
Anyone else notice Lamar has a limp when he shows up had it all year. Think its his groin
Jesus Fucking Christ
 Shoot me
COME ON
.............. smfh.
That's just damn good defense there.
Ball. Security.  Is. Key.
I wanna die
DogHouse time!
Fucking judon and roman!
"Only Lamar was on the madden cover, not the entire team"
"I love turning the ball over in the redzone, my favorite"
Peters was so close
Thats about what I expected from this team
Fuck that would have been amazing if he caught it
wow ok
why would anything nice ever happen?
Nothing going our way
How is that not PI the receiver held Peters arm on the catch
What a horrible challenge
We are fucking cursed. Shoulda been a pick
How to waste an important timeout when we might need them later 101
"Now protecting the pall seems to be a issue, Add that to the laundry list of problems we gotta fix \*sigh\*"
"Imagine being Greg Roman and using Duvernay on a god damn running play from 4 yards away. This moron needs to go I'm tired of watching week after week as he ""outsmarts"" himself trying to be cute. Dude cares about nothing more than ""making his mark"" and getting a shot at a head coaching job. Fuck off Greg."
"Don't like this challenge, don't see any way this gets overturned."
The challenge won’t even be in question when we return from commercial break.
Marcus Peters is a star
We moving like the cowboys now
I don't think this is going to be reversed
Ooph I don’t think I like this challenge. We may need the TO later...
it is kinda close
not our year fellas
"As infuriating as that was to end it, that drive has me genuinely excited. This team has a lot of deficiencies on offense, but one thing they don't lack: speed. I've been preaching to mix up tempos, speed up, slow down, use rhythm and pacing to keep the defense off balance and put that speed in position to kill. Here's hoping a fluke fumble doesn't make us abandon what was working."
Wow. I actually disagree with the refs lmfao
Holy fucking shit lmao
LMAO THE CHALLENGE WORKED? WTF
Hey something went our way!
Told you fucking sour pusses.
apparently i know nothing about football
Harbs you sexy smart mf
Who thinks it's a stupid challenge now?
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW
I called it! Checked the boxes.
"Lmao, I'd be happy if I didn't expect Greg to turn around and botch this drive up too .."
JUICEMAN!
FUCK YESSSSSS
man i love mp juiceman
Not going to lie if it was flipped I’d be losing shit rn but I’ll take it
I didn't see that coming
Pulled an uno reverse card on turnovers I see
Colts just got robbed lol I’ll take it
"All of y'all shouting ""BAD CHALLENGE"" can take it back now"
Give the man who decided to challenge this a RAISE!!!!
People who posted DUMB CHALLENGE deleting their comments and acting like they knew it all along lol
Look at that. He had time and threads the needle in between 3 defenders.
LET THE MAN THROW FUCK YALL
HARBAUGH 200% IQ
Marcus Peters caught it
SOULJA BOY
"I’m confident that shouldn’t have been a catch but I won’t complain, MP Juice Man does it again"
I think Hollywood is actually 90 lbs.
That's my soulja
Let Lamar play his game and we'll succeed
Lmfao everyone calling for Harbs to get fired but he big brains the mfing system
Fucking hell this second half **is** getting me hyped
I'll sit on the coach then lmao. Harbs a SB winning coach for a reason
Damn hope Darius Leonard is good
MOMENTUM
"Alright, let’s make something happen!"
Oh look we throw the ball and we actually get in the red zone? Jeez who figured? Did someone tell Roman?
We are actually getting yards holy shit
C'mon just punch it in
Wow no QB draw
HONK HONK
Ricard just destroyed that mf
Something we have done consistently is get the ball right back to someone that has fumbled and I really appreciate that as a coaching mentality.
Nobody denies Gus Edwards for three straight downs!! Nobody!!
Now let’s step up the D
THATS MY BOY GUS
Bullshit that's a TD
nearly the same play again lol
future 2 bright w Gus n JK as our backs
"I can’t watch this game cause of local market restrictions, but that peters interception my god we got lucky."
"Damn, wanted Dobbins to get one there

Gus Bus chugging along though which is still great"
"Alright defense, let’s get another stop!"
RUN IT DOWN THEIR THROATS
Can't stop the BUS!
Gus. Bus.
FUCK YEESSSSS
Lamar slinging it
I like this new offense
Great change of pace! We have some actual hot routes and check down options and are hitting the middle of the field well. Also running misdirection before the snap very effectively
That was a great drive but still plenty of time to screw ourselves
Look at these quick reads mixed with runs and deep passes. Wow Roman can call a balanced game he just chooses not to
"""Don't you want to call a play that gains more than half a yard?"" ""Nah, we have 4 downs for 2 yards. Run it again."""
There we go Lamar! Looking happier
Is roman not calling plays? Someone else with a playsheet on sideline looked to be calling shit. Roman always is in the booth
"Interesting the second we start actually doing passes downfield, we start moving the ball"
Who tf was right next to Rivers and let him go???
lmao rivers looking slippery asf
If the Defense threw down a receiver there’s be a flag.
The amount of time that ball was in the air felt like it was a guaranteed pick. If we still had Ed...
"We have a SB defense, too stacked"
Watching him trundle along the field really made me wonder how he got away from that.
Momentum swing??
Nick Boyle upgraded to WR1
I’m just so frustrated that the second they call pass plays getting vertical everything clicks. Do that all the time!
Crazy what happens when Lamar has a few seconds to throw. Glad the o-line got their heads right
"Nice to see Lamar looking sharp, need this all the time"
i have calmed down a bit
It’s like we were playing at half speed on offense in the first half and hit the accelerator
I missed what happened after the TD. Three and out?
have we gotten it together
"I knew Carolina wasnt going to hold their lead. But, man I was hoping they'd beat them"
We drank the secret stuff during half cause we’ve definitely picked it up offensively
colts getting decimated on defense by injury
Sneed wide open wtf
Go for it
GO FOR IT RN
Go for it
Snead was open the whole time tou even looked at him Lamar
Fuck yea!!! 1st down bitches
LBs stayed home on Lamar on that 4th.
"Lamar needs to pick what the defense gives him, there were two open players for just a couple of yards, but enough for the 1st down"
Should we try out Dez or nah?
FUCK YEA DOBBINS
JK is good man
"great Lamar, getting that 1st down"
Damn what happened in the locker room?  It’s like a different offense
Bruh what if we took a shot down field to Bryant on first down
1 yard lmaooo
Lol that Rivers face is a meme waiting to happen
YO Rivers is HOF of facial expressions lol
169... Nice
Dobbins holding on so tight to that ball
Is this the same ravens team as the first half ?
Literally night and day between the first half and the second half
I love dobbins
This is a very different Ravens team offensively. We are back to doing what we do best. Control the clock.
Willie Snead is so good recently. I'm so sorry for slandering him earlier.
Haters happy as Lamar is finally playing WR today
Bruh Dobbins and Queen holy fuck EDC knew he was doing in the draft
Offense looking a million times better right now
"WE BACK, BABY!!!!! WE'RE FUCKIN BACK"
"I do that shit in Madden all the time, lmao."
Lmao Lamar
Beautiful
Powers needs to start seeing some time. Bozeman gets his ass whooped a lot. lol
This second half has been Lamazing!
Bozeman getting punked by MLB is not ideal
Oooooooooh BABEY!!!!!
Where was this in the first half? Glad they turned it around but the ups and downs are scary.
LETS GO BABY
love you lamar
My man Lamar! What a stud!
Nice play. Nice.  Play.
"I’m not being this guy, but the entire IOL ended up in the ground on that play. Designed?"
Every play I just see the corpse of Matt Skura ragdolling into the backfield. Not cool
And we got the points record
I think Lamar is over that groin injury now his speed looks next level this game
I’d be pissed as a colts fan but we’ve had plenty of shit calls this year so whatever
fuck yeah this offense is rolling this half! running it all over. Throwing intermediate. Lamar doing it on the ground!
20 points. record broken.
Lamar Jackson has put his foot down in the second half.
If you left the game day thread in the first half we don’t need that energy #truzzzzzz
Lamar Thanos Purple Jacksonnnnn
Angory bird team is back
NGl I labeled this a loss at half. I love when this team proves me wrong
"We give Roman a lot of shit, but that a masterful play call. Everyone on that defense got absolutely fooled."
Bad call but whatever
"Did he call Lamar, mr Odom??!"
Nice one secondary!! /s
Getting tired of the arm tackles
nooooooooo queen
Peters tries to get the strip so much he gives up RAC a lot
NO NO NO NO NO
Def concussed
Not like this... Not like this
I think he bit his tongue. He kept sticking it out while he was on the ground
Did COVID lockdown/lack of practice hurt these players’ ability to tackle? I was too distracted by the election to tune in on Ravens’ preparation.
River's jersey is way too clean
This game has a similar feel to that Seahawks game last year where it was tight early on the road but then we came out strong in the second half and eventually wore them down
I think he shit himself a bit just a theory
Starting to think this is turning into  a 'let's level up all our depth for next year' kinda year
Queen is back in thank god
wait are we allowed to make second half adjustments?
Good fucking stop!
Dumb dumb call by Indy
let allen cook
"Well timed blitz, right there, to stop Indy on 4th down! Wink drew that up perfectly!"
Fuck off the field Rivers!!!
We must have switched offensive coordinators at the half
That's the noodle-arm Rivers I know and love
Colts thread in shambles lmao cant believe they didnt try to make it a one score game
"Despite the lack of Calais, Marlon, and Fort the defense has played well"
Rivers maaaaaaad.
Can’t fucking wait to get our man back next week! #44
OK JUDON
"Wtf, Judon can help?"
what’s up with the red white and blue line? what is that for? and why does it only show up in some games?
"For those of you youngins that became fans because of Lamar, watching the colts offense is what the flacco era was like."
"Great second half man, with the amount of starters out, we should be happy with how we played against this colts team."
What other streaks do we have left to keep today? Got the turnover one. Got the 20+ pt one. Just got 100 yards rushing.
flex on a tackle when you know its gonna be a run and youre down by 11?
Mekaris really struggled today
Harrison did his best impression of Ralph Wiggum torpedo'ing through a window.
I thought Dorsey was already out with an injury...
Lucas Oil turf sucks
Lol they could’ve kicked a field goal but went for it
Great job D!!
"Rivers is just so, so whiny"
I just expect a flag every time we force an incompletion tbh
Kill the clock
3 x 4 is 12. First down every time. Keep running it.
tuck man does it again
Best win of the year. Love how this team came out after all that noise. Colts is a top 2 D.
WHAT A BOUNCE BACK MAN HELL YES
Tucker was like... Not on my watch lol
$J$Money$
Tucker tackles better than half our defence does lmao
"2nd half shutout, let's go. Send a message."
"Do you all not try to get a tackle with Tucker on every kickoff on madden? Usually just end up taking a block, but I have gotten some tackles, one being a low hit forced fumble."
"Big time win today, boys"
what are these weirdos doing
GG Indy
Scoring won't help gamblers one way or the other so what's the point in this last play?
Thank god they ain’t score a TD that would’ve been bs tbh lol
They kicking a fg.
Dont forget that we already wasted our Bye week.
Total overreaction by this fan base. We’re playing two top 5 defenses back to back
Has a league MVP ever regressed this bad in 1 season to the next? I know our line sucks right now but he just looks lost. Can't even run right anymore
"Colts fans in here, you're losing while we're missing 3/4 of our best players"
Harbaugh needs to pull the plug on GRo. We need to run Seattle or Arizona’s offense.
Lamar has been really poor. Arguably worse than the play-calling. He is lucky he doesn't have an interception.
In before someone blames Roman for the fumble
Why not pitch it there
That was impressively pathetic
Our Special Teams and Defense coaches are trying to win a SB. Roman is not it seems like
I will say it every single week. If we cannot consistently throw the ball down the field this offensive experiment is done
Get bonds off the field man
"Nothing new, this is who this team is this year"
"Come on brown, you wanted the ball!"
Cmon hollywood
Hollywood dropping a perfect pass.
Started Dez in fantasy this week because fuck it my other option was Crowder and I'm projected to win by 60 anyway lmao
every week it gets harder to have faith in this team
Barry bonds would of had that
This team is gunna make me start drinking again been sober for 10 years
Imagine having the league’s MVP on your team and then playing like this the next year.
Rodrigo gotta be the coolest lookin kicker in the league
Wow. We are really seeing the effect of not having an O-Line leader like Yanda.
"i'll tell the offense to run the ball, can i be the new OC"
Is this year Lamar's 2015???
I keep seeing “QBs have bad days”. Great QBs NEVER have bad 5 game stretches and never bad seasons.
"Offense finally starts to get their shit together and Gus just gives it away come on man. I like Gus but we can't let that slide, bench his ass rest of this game"
Everyone apologize!! LOL
DUMB CHALLENGE HUH
"I think the most frustrating part of this season is how bad we've looked with  good enough personnel. We aren't world beaters, but we're better than we were last year talent-wise. We should be able to play like this every week"
"Greg Roman is the booth during the game right?

Because there was someone who looked like James Urban on the sideline with a playsheet. The coach on the sideline was holding the sheet up block his mouth and talking into a headset.

I honestly think James Urban is calling plays now."
Rivers cannot throw downfield anymore.
Damn that was some vintage Lamar right there. Pretty.
"That block from Andrews though, half a TD right there, love to see"
Roman/Jackson 2024
"You couldn't pay me to watch those late night shows. So painfully unfunny even their laugh tracks need a 3 drink minimum, let alone the live audiences"
"Chuck Clark, DeShon Elliott, Ferguson, Queen and Peter's played so we'll.

Honestly entire D but Judon. Woooo"
Someone other than Roman please call 3rd down plays FFS!
"How the fuck does Roman have Harbaugh bring up Dez, yet have not a single fuckin plan on how to use him in the passing game? Absolute clown shit. Fucking use Dez already"
#JK YOU FRICCIN MORON
The Ravens are borderline Jets level right now
"That ain’t it Roman. Didn’t work the first time, didn’t work the second."
Lets make one thing clear. We are NOT superbowl contenders. Not even close.
"THE HIT ON SNEAD WASN'T FLAGGED. THIS IS LEGAL, RIGHT NFL?!"
"it's like a kick in the balls man i took lamar super early in fantasy this year, absolutely gross"
"Y'all really dickriding Hollywood rn. Y'all was just waiting for him to mess up, hating ass weirdos"
"Time for my favorite Raven, Terrell ""Owens, Barry"" Bonds, to step up to the plate (and hopefully deliver) today!"
Early game tweak. Wrap him up he’ll be okay.
O line is trash now
Hollywood I don’t want to see shit about not getting looks. What a terrible drop.
And that’s why we don’t throw to hollywood
This offense is dogshit
Need a turnover or something to get us pumped up.  This just feels like its going the wrong way
Wow we’re bad
"Okay now everyone except Lamar and the TEs need to get it together

Edit: Or we just kick it old school and defense scores all the points"
All we need is for Dobbins to be possessed by the spirit of Buck Allen and we will be sitting pretty
I do believe that might be some momentum boys
"Popeyes spicy chicken sandwich > Chick fil a 

It’s not even close"
If the offense was half as good as last year can y’all imagine how dangerous this team would be? Smh
I mean... not sure what the Ravens can really do. They can't set the edge without Campell. Hard to blitz because we only have really 3 healthy corners. Pass rush can't really do much because of the amount of running they are doing.
Chris Board laying the Boards today
This thread lol. Just because the play didn't work doesn't mean the play call was bad
Lamar is not getting an extension this offseason. Barring a complete 180 turnaround soon
3rd & 35 lmao thanks Lamar
Lamar needs to learn how to step up in the pocket.
This offense is just hideous
Roman needs to get fired this fucking week!! The offense looks pathetic today!
We legit haven’t looked good since we got shellshocked by the Chiefs. I don’t know if it’s a mental block or a coaching problem but it’s not looking good for us
"Number of times Lamar has been sacked thru 8 games this year: 20

Number of times sacked all of last year: 23"
Hate to say it but that was a good call
Why do we give a 7 yard cushion every fucking play
Fucked that boy up
We're ass right now and it sucks
Why does Lamar never throw the ball away?
"I know Lamar hasn't looked great today, but for fucks sake GIVE THE MAN A POCKET."
"We need to Kubiak GRo Monday morning Edit- Cam Cameron, my bad"
So how are we going to blame this fumble on on Greg?
Roman spread butter all over gus’ uniform at halftime fucking POS
Why are the colts allowed to slow this pace down over and over without a timeout being taken?
"“And the Colts are looking around wondering, what happened?”

LAMAR MUTHER FUCKING JACKSON happened bitch."
#Judon did something!!!
Oline blocking has been to me the most frustrating this year
I honestly still can’t believe the Colts opted for Rivers for Brissett I don’t understand that move
Lamar can’t come from behind 🤫🤫🤫🤫
This is the turning point in our season
It’s like you guys aren’t even fans how u gon shit on ur own players
"That should've been a penalty, he's a defenseless player."
"Jesus christ. Down vote me for this all you want, but this entire coaching staff needs reevaluation."
"After that overturn, I never wanna hear /r/ravens bitch about how the refs are conspiring to destroy us again lol"
This team is pathetic
Elliot if you looked for the ball u can catch it instead you do some bitch shit.
I love that their kicker wears glasses
"I love watching college football, because I can watch Qbs who throw more than 100 yards in a half. Seriously wtf is up with Lamar this year? He’s been awful. I’m gonna drink 🤕"
that was incomplete as fuck lmao but HELL YEAH
"Y'all relax. Gd. Its 7 points in the 1st quarter, wtf is wrong with u guys"
"How are we feelin' ladies and gents? Gotta bounce back, right? Right?!"
Maaaan I hate white jerseys lol unless they're over black pants like the 2012 SB.
hoping jk gets more snaps this week he looked great against pitt
No live comments? Fuck u/Spez you need to get this app right
that tucker commercial tho lmao
LET'S GO RAVENS!!!!
Lego Pt. 8
Justice Hill first TD of his career today! I’m calling it
I love when we defer
BURGER
Ah fuck
Wow
That little strip of light must be so annoying to QBs lol
FUCK
Jesus Christ
Are you fucking kidding me...
Campbell nooooooo
Oh fuck me man
"Im hoping and thinking cramp.  Massaging calf and they looked to push on the top of his foot.  When he got up, the face he made looked similar to a cramp face."
Hes walking at least
Please be ok please be ok please be ok please be ok
"Jc, I hope hes ok.  We can't afford to lose him too"
We’re turning into the Eagles
Where were u when Calais ded
"The good news is at least Calais and Marlon haven't been out best defensive players. 

Wait. What's that? Ruh roh."
Our te’s love to hurdle
Sweet flying knee.
Can our TE’s not hurdle???
"Fucking awful offense, again, surprise."
Wat in the fuck was that
That was absolute shit
anyone know where i could get harb's mask?
Did Dorsey hurt his arm there? It cut to commercial too quickly.
We definitely need better oline to compete
"Rivers is so trash, but the team around him is stacked"
Looks like we haven't shown up
Random bum 38 still getting killed
"Rivers literally saying ""38"" on the Line of Scrimmage. Then they ran it at him."
Gonna be a 50 PA game isn't it...
Marlon needs to be back yesterday holy shit
Yikes.
Look like trash right now. Sheesh.
"More DPI penalties, jfc"
ugh fuck
Can’t ask for everything but really wish we could have gotten Desmond king
"Aside from last year, I always feel like we have the absolute worst offensive play calling in the NFL. It's not even something you need to see during the play, you feel it when you see our formations. It doesn't feel like NFL caliber at all."
These injuries man it's getting scary.
"Well, lets see what the O can do."
Okay everyone we were down 7-0 last game too and ran it for quite a while let's just chill
"Down by 7 now, time to pass too much and lose this game"
I’m literally praying every time this offense is on the field
If I don’t see some fucking development in the passing game this week I’m going to be despondent
"Just tuned in, what did I miss?"
That was certainly something
Offense is going to have to carry today. I still believe it can happen.
#SKURA GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER
Jesus christ skura
Skura needs to get them snaps up man
"The chiefs game was the peak of the rollercoaster. One where the climb doesn’t look that steep, but the decline is dug into the ground, so you drop much further than expected."
nice play + throw
FUCKING HELL SKURA.
Skura wtf are you doing
The fuck is with these snaps?
What a play by Lamar.
Looked like Flacco to Rice.
thank god for the first down but Skura needs to ... learn how to snap the ball??????
Snaps were shitty last week too
"ha, that defender popped his own guy"
Indy likes leading with their helmets
cmon hollywood
Cmon guys!!! We’ve got this!
Damn he gotta catch that
"This is so painful. I don’t know if I’m even finishing this, boys."
Last year's offense ran like a well-tuned formula 1 car. This year it feels like we put 87 in the tank
"I wanna see a yannick sack, lets get it done"
How you gonna have souljas and they never make tough catches?(never)
Hollywood could have just pulled the ball to his chest.  Smh
Bonds about to have 200 yards on him alone
Gonna just keep throwing to whoever Bonds is covering lmao
When Terrell Bonds blows a coverage 😑
right at bonds
There we go!
LETS FUCKING GO
Letsss goooo
CLARK LETS GO
Please get tramon
Yes Clark!
Making Rivers look like he's only 34 with 5 kids
YESSSS THE FUMBLE RECOVERY FOR THE TD!! LETS' GO DEFENSE
Ok can someone make that gif of rivers falling
Oh fuck yea!!!!
Chuck that makes up for the PI!!!!
Rivers falling down was beautiful 🤣
That was a clean strip.  This is good.
Fucking huuuuuuuge! Let’s fucking go!
FUCKING PLEASE
"Fumble Indianapolis. Ravens recover

  Touchdown!!!!"
Man what a return
FUCK YES!
Thank the lawd
Thank fuckkk
"No Marlo, no problem!"
They gang-banged that ball carrier 😂😂
Also CHUCK CLARK holy shit
That out  that's a TD
Chiseled Adonis better have a neat sound effect for that strip for this week's episode.
I don't care if defense scores all day long.
Who stripped it
Fuck yeahhhh
YESSSSSSSS
Defense saves the day again
Love to see it
Now can we just capitalize on this and shift the momentum please?
Haha Rivers defeat as he realized he was getting hurdled is definitely one for the photobook
"Fuck the MP haters. (Yes, my stream is mad behind."
I was just thinking we would need the defense to score!
Malik headhunting out here 👀👀
i'm hoping chuck just lit a fire under everyone's asses
Can't give up 10 yards every play
That wasn't holding?
Wow Jaylon. I'm surprised by that he's been playing better
did malik force the fumble?
getting hammered on these zone runs and end arounds
This is a terrible start but damn it’s still 7-7
Ed Reed in shambles rn
omggg almost picked
Holy shit Bonds you gotta catch that
"Just got here. I heard Campbell is hurt. Does it appear to be bad?    

And has Dez been on the field yet?"
We gotta lucky there. Guy was wide open for a first down
[deleted]
"We need a drive here, and we literally have 0 yards on the ground"
Not gonna throw again.
Somewhere the Surrender Index twitter guy shakes his fist in disgust at this display of cowardice
Where’s the Gus bus?
Why do our receivers struggle with separation so much
Alright we tried to throw down the field. Idk if no one was open or Lamar didn’t want to.
Thought edwards was hurt but he just fixed his shoe lol
"Man, I forgot we don’t have Hump today. Sad, but still glad to see the defense keeping us in it even with out him and Campbell. 

We have to accept that this is a season where we will have to rely on the defense while our offense struggles with its identity crisis. I have faith it will work itself out eventually, but it feels worse just because how electric last year was. Have faith flock."
Are we purposefully injuring our own players? What the fuck is our luck this year?
Why we can't ever make this work man
That’s why skura has been fucking up
Looked slow AF
Ugh that screen should have been so much better
At least we are seeing more screens now.
Hey that was a screen that wasn’t completely blown up!
Trash ass offense.
So predictable every play
I’m actually digging the dump offs. It makes it easier for him to rip off big scramble runs when it isn’t always expected
Can we just get Dez on the field can’t be worse then this
Bozeman completely lost on that play
This offence is nearly as decrepit as it was during the Flacco era......
Trash. Absolute trash
Thats a great play by Leonard jeez man.
Bozeman what are you doing?!
bozeman is getting punked
We need to sit Bozeman. He isn't blocking anyone and then Lamar would have more room to run.
Greg Roman has to be fired or we’re wasting this season
Bozeman is playing like absolute garbage
"Another 3rd down

Another idiotic QB draw play!"
WTF R THESE PLAYS
Not a good punt
Fire Roman man our offense is actually so bad the play calling is so stale
Someone wake up Bozeman! He's getting shit on every play.
Our O is t moving at all dammit
Roman WHY are you calling these DUMBASS QB Keeper plays???
This is tough to watch
You cant call plays like we still have Yanda and Stanley on the line man.
"That isn't a terrible play call if Bozeman picks up Leonard, but he didn't, so it was terrible."
Can we at least attempt a pass that isn't five yards or less?
How are they practicing against our dline and think these plays would work like do they work at the practice????
Greg Roman isn't getting fired anytime soon. Let's just hope we grind out a few defence led wins. InLamarwetrust
Roman going for that “Pittsburgh Model” to win a game. Don’t play offense until the opposing QB gives you amazing field position.
This offense has zero flow. Quick screens working? QB draw on 3rd & 10. Rushing for 10 yards every play? Deep bomb on 3rd & 1. JFC
Who the fuck is bonds
Had Bozeman made the block that would've been either a first or 4th & inches. Bozeman is to blame there
"Please give Ben powers a chance, he CANT be worse than what we have going right now"
If we plan on running on 3rd and shmedium why don't we give it to a back?
Let’s call the same plays we have been calling with no success for the last 7 games. They’ll never see it coming!
"Said this last week and ill say it again, get rid of greg roman"
is that rivers still tryna target bonds
Do we have a sack?
MOOOOM dad is jerking it to sports cars again
Yeah that’s the smart pass. Between three defenders...
Double Andrews. Do everything else straight up. Ravens offense done.
That’s like the 4th screen. Shows you that coaching has zero confidence in Lamar right now.
Wtf is going on with this offense?  Its beyond frustrating
Was that a screen lmao? That was so bad
Run the ball. It’s 7-7 in the second quarter!
"The playcalling, the execution, holy shit"
Roman loves the empty formation despite the fact that it never seems to work
Love when lamar throws fucking dots
"There was some actual venom on that pass, happily surprised"
Finally a nice fucking play!
That was beautiful
Third time's the charm! Jackson and Andrews finally connect for the 1st down!
"Laser, let's go"
The offense looking like some shit. They need to get it together before the half
A normal fucking pass play gets the first fuck Romans shitty calling
Philip crybaby Rivers
Can Lamar make any other throw than 10 yards over the middle?
Was that a throw for more than 10 yards??? OMG ITS A MIRACLE!
Lamar is getting picked if he keeps this shit up.  Windows too tight
WHY ARE WE RUNNING ONE READ THROWS
Jesus Lamar should play the lottery 2 dropped picks
throwing into quadruple coverage????????????????????????????????????????
"Garbage throws, garbage run, garbage offense"
Good god terrible throw
What the fuck does he see on these passes!
I love Juiceman lol
Chill out marcus
MP WTF
"I really hate to say it I do, Lamar is this offense's problems this season"
Here comes the penalties
And just as I congratulate Lamar on making a good pass this almost interception happens
Why TF is peters out there!
Why tf are all these passes targeted *at* the offensive line
Looked like Brown stopped for a step. Did that make Lamar throw behind where he should have for a little bit?
Wow did we actually get a penalty in our favor?
Thank god man. Peters plz don't do that again
EJECT STALLWORTH
Love the fire out of Mekari
"Our opponents have had a ridiculously high number of dropped INTs this year, probably because they're being caught off guard by the ball being thrown right at them"
Peters what the hell are you doing
Defenses always look like their one step ahead of this GRo offense.
This year just ain't it chief ...
#32 is the new Kiko Alonso
Can't wait to see r/nfl complain about us getting a late hit/unnecessary roughness again.
"Shouldnt that be the penalty that gets auto-ejection, or am I thinking of another one?"
"Lololol suck my balls, Indy"
Our interior oline is getting eaten alive can we hit the outsides on just some simple stretches??
Yeah he should be ejected
"In a season in which I drafted Kenny Galloday, Chris Godwin, AJ Brown, Christian McCaffrey, Laveon Bell, Dallas Goedart, and Julian Edelman, it’s looking like I may finally win my first game!"
fuck blackmon
What a terrible fucking sack to take
Lol all I can do is laugh
bruh
o line needs to step up man. we can’t run or pass with them playing like this
JFC JUST THROW IT AWAY
Wtf is wrong with Lamar this year wow
Seriously RB is getting hit 3 yards behind the line UP THE MIDDLE. That is absurd.
This field is trash
hero mode activated
Really....really....what the hell was that.  lol
Just throw the damn ball away
Lamar needs to stop running back. I don’t know why he thinks that’s ok.
"Thought he could outrun him, can't blame him"
Are you kidding me Lamar
How does Jackson get caught there???
lamar could save a lot of yards per game by just throwing the fucking ball away
Does he not realize that continuing to go backwards only makes it more difficult for the offensive line?
Who even needs a field goal lol!
Lmao another illegal formation
Pathetic
of course they wont miss an oline hold on us
How many fucking illegal formations can we get this year
3rd and 25 call a QB sneak.
3rd & 35...
How many illegal formations do we get a game?
Holy fuck our o-line is dogshit
LMAO
"This line is so bad, gonna be a rough second half of the year"
We need to shore up oline in the draft
God damn it
We've had more 3rd and 20+ this year than the last couple combined.
This offense is fucking dog shit
Yikes I thought that punt was blocked at first
We’re probably stuck with Roman until the end of the season fellas.
"cant draw up any plays 10 yards down the field, cant get any yards rushing. idk what we keep expecting from this offense."
Trolls incoming
This is no bueno
You know things are bad when the official Ravens twitter is celebrating [fucking first downs](https://imgur.com/hIufu4W)
Nice to see the 4 man rush. That is what we went out to get Yannick for.
"dont need to be 6'8 to stuff a pass, lets go"
Can we just have one game without one illegal formation penalty please?
Oline lets 2 free rushers go through and Lamar has to try to run out of the pocket and somehow its all on him... ok
"Did anyone think our luck would settle a little bit after the Marlon news? I was like, “OK ... NOW our luck can’t get any worse... right?”"
This defense is too good for our offense to play like this.
"maybe the oline injuries are doing it, but it really just looks like the defense knows what the hell plays were running"
IM GONNA STUFF MY FACE WITH PIZZA
I’ve never seen a defensive player catch a ball in the end zone and not have to move to score
"SHOW THE JUDON CATCH ATTEMPT.

Jesus, how is replay so bad?"
Dude I'm so over Judon.
"Judon again, no surprise there....."
Is Judon serious
Judon is killing us
Of course it’s a foul. Nothing good can happen for us.
What the fuck is this team
Why are we paying judon 16 million to do nothing
Low football IQ. Nothing else to say really
Judson is a bonehead.
Dammit Judon
That might have been a fumble
Pernell with the daily double....rip alex trebek
"Why can't Lamar phase through the incoming pass rushers? Everyone knows MVP means most (in)visible player. He could easily teleport past these rushers, I think RG3 would be able to. Trade him for nightcrawler smh trash."
Can we fire judon as well?
That was a soft call
"EDIT- Was McPhee, sry Judon"
Cut judon. He fucks them over and over
I’m pretty much over this version of this team
HE WAS  GETTING HIT WHAT THE FU K
Yeah that was probably the right call
I'm so fucking dumb with these stupid RTPs
Why can’t Hollywood make that type of catch and play.
Is that what's supposed to happen whenever Hollywood comes back after a catch?
Somebody really needs to call holding there.
Wow a team on the field is throwing the ball
2nd big play with Judon in coverage lol wth
So this is what moving the ball looks like?
"we were physical and stuffing each receiver that play, thats what we need"
"Nice play by Ferguson,  saved a TD"
chuck da mvp
That should have been a penalty
Pls football gods save our Offense
Fucking hold
We on track for our 3rd straight 10 penalty game?
Kneel the ball till half.
"Here's the thing. While the team hasn't looked great, the score is still 10-7 Colts.  The Ravens are still in this."
Just kneel it omg
Kneel it don’t even try
cringe ass screens
going out of bounds and not throwing safe is dumb. watch this offense give it back to indy in 30s lmao
ravens football has been frustrating to watch these past weeks.
Lamar looks awful
Andrews just beat his man. O-Line is shit.
We look like a bunch of little bitches out there right now. Where’s the attitude? The fight?
We need to figure out this OL for reals.....
Practically just gave em 3. Terrible play calling
We won’t see Dez play since we can’t even drive it past the 50
Yall wanna be we so garbage that Philips scores again?
"if they score here, im turning this game off"
"Make adjustments , play good D. Game still within reach"
What an absolute pile of hot garbage
I almost can’t even watch the offense
Quick slant for 10. Why don’t we do that??
yeah if they score im crying
"Good news, it's all up from here! lol"
Who knew Ingram was so important
What in the actual fuck is this playcalling though?
This game has been so frustrating. Our offense just looks horrific. We’re lucky we’re only down by 3
"We look bad, oof..."
The line is trash and the playcalling is worse
We need some bunch formations or something to help out receivers get open.
"The O line is a huge weakness for us this year, Yanda retiring hurt us but I was hopeful that the line would hold strong but with Stanley out it's obvious they are struggling. It also doesn't help that Greg Roman wants the Ravens to be the Chiefs so badly but it's just not working and Lamar is regressing because of it. Also why would you sign Dez and not do anything with him, at least make it look like you want him to be a part of the game."
I can’t believe the offense gets worse every week. Without being good in the 1st place
Here we go!!
Hollywood Brown on a slant!
They PA confusion lol
Things are... happening.. ????
omfg a first down on first down... did I teleport back to 2019?!
I don’t see what other people have seen this season on why there is so much hope for this offense to turn it around? It’s really bad
More of this wtf
"LOL they really have eye-level plexiglass between the announcers?

It's like a non-smoking section at a restaurant.  All for show."
Look you let him throw beyond the LOS and good shit happens.
"finally we're doing something, love these quick passes that gain 7-10 yards"
"Oh hey, Willie Snead is still on the team"
LAMAR???
OUR OFFENSE HAS A PULSE
am i watching a different game??
YES DO THESE THINGS.
Nice fucking play. I’m liking what i’m seeing right now
We’re playing.... well?
"2nd and 1, isn’t that when you should try a pass down field?"
We got more yards this drive than the whole 1st half wtf
"See this is the offense that works, quick passing, keeping the defense guessing and constantly moving."
2019 lamar type beat
thats MY QB BABY
"20 straight losses when trailing at half?  Coaching, right?"
More yards in these 3 minutes than in the whole 1st half
This is the best drive of the game.
"Wait, who's calling plays??"
You have to be shitting me
And there’s me eating crow
KMS
Fuck my fucking life
Of course
FFS
Lol
FUCK
Sigh
I was not aware of the losing while trailing at half stat.
Wtf
Fuck
That’s about right
Not that. Less of that.
Sadness
Jesus lol. Come on Gusss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why?
go fuck yourself
Lol of course that drive ended with a turnover 😂
Lol
pain
That's just unlucky
did roman get the news he's being fired??
YOU HAVE TO BE FUCKING ME
Roman caused that fumble tbh
"There's nothing we can do, it's like we're fucking destined to be shit this year"
turning this shit off
So much momentum pissed away
This fucking team
Fuck my ass
preparing the bleach
Pain
Fade me
Nothing can go our way
"They score off this turnover, idk bout the rest of the game"
"Can’t have those mistakes, don’t wanna see Gus the rest of the quarter"
PETERS WHY
Damn peters almost
FUCK ME I THIUGHT HE HAD IT
And a dropped int lol good play by peters almost had it
fucking jesus christ guys COME ON
Kill me
*screams into the abyss*
"not a good ending, but need this change to continue"
FUCK! so close
This fucking team
WHAT IN THE ABSOLUTE FUCKING SHIT
Wtf he had it
This game is like a long series of cockblocks for us
so close MP <3
This team just hasn’t got what it takes. Mixture of bad play and bad luck. The most promising the teams looked and then that.
PAIN. Luckily our defense knows how to run a game plan :( unlike Mr eat more McDoubles
Was that a pick and a fumble? Worth a challenge at least...
I am about to die
This ain't gonna work
Fuck me in the ass
Bad challenge
Awful challenge
I think it holds. He took a couple steps
This seems like a.bad challenge
What the fuck.....waste of a challenge
That’s not a catch harbs 🤦🏼‍♂️
Don't like that one
Fuck yeah lets randomly waste a challenge in a 1 score game in the 2nd half
"Terrible challenge, WTF."
Harbaugh is so fucking stubborn
I cant even with this game man
What a dumb challenge
The whole team wasnt out of practice this week. Holy shit the sloppiness continues. Get your team John
Holy sheet
okay Thank you let’s fucking goooo
I was not expecting that! I’ll gladly eat the crow on that one!!!
Ayyy the refs like us for once
I never said it
Wtf!!! Okay!!
HOLY CRAP YES
WHAT THE FUCK?????
LOL how the fuck is that possible
Based Harb God
If the day ends in Y we take those
Alright how can we fuck up now? lol
I'm shocked as all hell on that call to overturn
Wow we got it
WTFFFF WE WON A CHALLENGE 2020 IS FUCKING CRAZY
eating my words
LETS GOOOOO
Wow
"I’m surprised it succeeded, but I’ll take it!"
I was horribly wrong
"I still have my doubts on that, but it is what it is and its a positive."
Wtf?
Lol what the fuck????
GREAT CHALLENGE JOHN
Lol
Lol @ everyone calling it a bad challenge. He took multiple steps
"Blind squirrel finds nut, more news at 11..."
Gladly eat my words but how tf is that a catch lol
"##DOUBTERS BEGONE

##BELEE DAT"
Fuck great challenge might of just saved the game for us
I like the call but idk if I agree
Okay I was wrong lol
did not expect that
I'm sorry what?
THAT WAS FOR YOU MARLON
LMFAOOOOOOO
SOULJA
Let this be a turning point
That is a bailout call I think
Please get some fucking points offense
"Everyone in here “omg Harbaugh is stupid other teams aren’t dumb” but he playing 4D chess 

(Note I also said it was dumb but let’s move past that lol)"
"Dez prolly like ""then how tf was my catch against GB not a catch?"""
Charles they just said he wasn't going down til after the 3rd step.
Marquise still just looks like a child out there to me
"Uhhhhh we take those 

Eye test says that was not a catch in my opinion"
That was a gift being called a catch
Okok yayyy wooho- fucking score.
Look at that strike by Lamar. Stop limiting him in the passing game.
THATS MY SOULJA
LMAOOOO HOW TF DID WE GET THAT
Lol at the people in the thread who said that was an awful challenge
Put Dez on the field you fucking cowards
Well I'll be dammed John
MARCUS PETERS FOR WR1
Lol were just playing for a fg now
Hollywood clutch today.
RGIII’s hair looking kinda funny
Can we start charging time outs for these flops?
Boyle having an ok game
Feed the Boyle!!!
Boyle getting touches today
I give Jackson credit for looking a lot better so far.
What weird voodoo ritual shit do we have to do to go back to last year :(
I’d say I hope Roman keeps an eye on this offensive pacing because it has been highly effective but you know how he gets when things are working
Mekari didnt block anyone there.
"Alright, what did you guys do to Greg Roman ?"
Let’s go!!!!!
#BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKING REDEMPTION
TOUCHDOWN BITCHES
THATS MY FUCKIN MVP
No way that wasnt in
He was in previous play
"Touchdown Gus, in the lead, now we just gotta keep it up"
LETS GOOOOO
this is some big boy no lil boy time
TOUCHDOWN
That non challenge as good as the MP challenge.
Justin Tucker is a mule!
Has a choice to start the bus or JK. Should have chose the Bus.
"I know we got the TD, but Lamar had nothing but green if he keeps that ball and rolls out to the right"
I am now enjoying this again
Defense is looking rested and energized
Good job Defense
Holy shit rivers is bad
How did Felipe get away from that lmao
Idk if Bowser blew his coverage at first or not but he just saved us that play he made up so much ground
I'm ready for a bomb of a TD pass
This can’t be Roman calling the plays haha
Lamar has got his mojo back!
Llama so fast when turns on the jets
Lamar juked himself
Damn llama got 5 yards outta that
GO FOR IT
I wanna go for it but I'm just glad the offense has a pulse
Damn that was an excellent job by their DTs to close
We’re gonna go for it
Pretty sure Lamar had the crosser route that would've had the first down.
Go for it!
Fucking go for it. Pound them up the middle.
"IF WE GO FOR IT, WE GOT IT"
Go for it!
had the easy first down to andrew
HELL YEA COACH LETS GO FOR IT
This is way too close to their endzone to not go for it. It is statistically a bad play to not go for this
im just waiting for a slant
JK
Got it baby
Gutsy call
THATS MY FUCKING SLIME
Good. Let’s get the pace going again after the break
What's with these snaps?
lets gooooooooooo jk
Willie Snead was wide TF open and Lamar decides to take off. I don’t get him sometimes man.
"We need to put mekuri at center, skura is going to cost us a possession"
Announcer was right. Energy is completely different
We look so good 😭😭
Move the chains!
These snaps though
The snaps today have been awful
yes keep it running!
NeedIVSnead
If Skuras thumb isn't healing by next week do we have anyone else we trust at centre?
It’s the inconsistencies that have bothered me. When he’s on his game Lamar looks unstoppable as what’s been shown this half. Frustrating knowing what he’s capable of while watching him NOT do that all year
Fade to Dez
I love how Edwards is such a chill and quiet dude
Bozeman just got blown tf up
Great blocking on that run
"Even though that wasn’t a first, that spin was clean af"
"Love this second half offense. Run, run, run, set up the play action and it will lead to passes"
"Bozeman got pancaked on that play, Jesus"
Colts defender Bozeman
Leonards is a monster
LFG!!!!!!!!
What's with these loud ass whistles
How do we look like this in the second half and complete shit in the first?
Get in bitch
Vintage Jackson
Our 2 o linemen got knocked down. Also where has this O been all year
# WOOOOOOOOOOOO
LAMARKABLE
like a fast Peyton Manning
Night and day.
play calling on this drive was amazing
There we go baybeeeee. Just need him to get comfy throwing shots downfield now
That was legit a beautiful play design and call
LETS GODDAMN GO BABY FUCKING TWO OF OUR BEST DEFENSIVE PLAYERS GONE O-LINE SHAMBLES WE FIGHT LEZGOOO
What a play call
HELL YA COACH LETS GO FOR IT😈😈😈😈
I love you and I love everything
Pretty sure this was on in the locker room at half. https://youtu.be/cwfWSX0FYlI
Glad they showed a replay focusing on Andrews.  Now I see what you all were talking about!
This second half adjustment is just what we needed. We've looked SO much better
"This feels like the Seahawks game in 2019, on the road against a good team, defence scores to keep us in it, Lamar wills us to victory."
Need that first tackle sir
Wrap up that tackle Queen!!!
Needs me a sack
Mad dog was so aggressive pulling Jimmy up
Damn coulda been a stop
Jfc
NO
Patrick no
0 sacks smh
I wouldn't have imagined this after that fumble
Fuck not Queen
Im guessing a concussion.
Wrap the fuck up.
Unreal
"Jc,  I can't take it."
and right on cue
Please no more injuries
they need to learn to wrap up then go for the ball. stop bouncing off
 Damn queen is still in the game
OK JUDON
LET'S FUCKING GO DEFENSE!!!!
Omg I was expecting a flag
Way to go you BIG VEINY D!!
Is that the game?
Judon clutch af
LETS GOOOOOOOO
FUCK YES
YES D
"I am live finally. First I want to say Lamar hit a LB so hard, he made him cry. And props to Skura for playing dad and tried to whoop some ass when Lamar got speared."
Judon did a thing
Judon holy shit!
Judon nearly unblocked made a play!
FUCK YES!!!! PENE-FUCKING-TRATION!!!
Great stop
LETS GO D
Wow colts had been getting 4 or 5 a run. I think they over thought that one.
"Brown was standing in the danger zone there, that was close"
Judon playin soccer
PotG will be the second half adjustments on this one if we hold on
ABSOLUTELY SEXY!!!! NICE DEFENSE BOYS!!!!
Fg and we win
We had 10 ppl on the field as well lol
"Stupid play call from Indy. 
I am fine with that."
"Lol the Colts have 16 plays 47 yards in the 2nd half 0 points

Domination"
This is where we are our best.
"well, they get the ball right back"
Did I just hear that guys name is Grover Stewart?
What the shit I thought it was still the 3rd quarter! Haha
Boy that's disappointing
Hines gotta fair catch
Colts dealing with a lot of injuries this game too.
Another injury?!? wtf man
Save Dorsey! No more punts!
Here comes Rivers with his cry baby bullshit
Lmao wtf kind of 4th down play was that
Cry baby Rivers.
Solid coverage by Bonds
Lots of Rivers throws to the Middle of the field where Ed Reed 100% could've hustled and gotten there
LOL. They tried to run a bullshit pick play but ended up fucking themselves over
I mean I'd go for it but I might be insane
Automa-Tuck
"Still so little protection from the line, hopefully our starting 5 can mesh a little bit down the line"
Dagger. We win.
"Good, getting some practice time in for Justin Tucker to show that he's still the best in the league."
Need a mandrews td or antonio brown to fuck shit up to win my fantasy game
Automatuck
"Damn last miss 2015, gotta love Tucker!"
Bonds got hurdled... 🤦🏻‍♂️
kicker tackle!
what is going on 😂😂😂
Good guys win today boys
Watch them kick a field goal here
How can an offense this retarded be a professional NFL offense?
Lamar’s been decent this game Greg Roman isnt giving him anything to work with
"Greg Roman: Wow Lamar's doing good, Let's give the ball to someone else

#FUCKYOU"
lol that was not a catch
A player makes one tweet about being frustrated with our terrible offense and y'all wait to talk shit on our own player lol. Weird as fuck
If Lamar isn't even going to attempt to look down field then yea I guess he is just a RB playing QB at this point.
Refs have a huge hate boner for the ravens this year. Thats split second. Bullshit.
hey a bad call went our way for once. I guess I'll take it?
Pitch it Lamar like wtf
Judon drops into coverage a lot... And is pretty decent at it for an LB. Do you guys know anything or just like to complain?
"This sub makes it sound like we the jets, we doing something right we 5-2"
Holy fuck our offense is dogshit bruh I might have to stop watching this shit
This makes me more nervous than I already was. Ugh
Dobbins missed call?
eh it's still early we got time to adjust
Classic Ravens Secondary
Who do I feel like this will be our yearly blowout game
Go get em soldier
They need to stop running the ball on first down. Straight up. We can’t block well enough to get one yard on a QB sneak let alone 5 on first down.
The penalties don't stop man
If we go 14 down. We will be forced to pass. We can’t pass. This team can’t win unless it has a nice lead.
Rivers looked just like Brady bitch ass sitting in the grass like a scolded child
Dude fuck all of these trick plays
We just plainly don’t have the speed on the edge to stop screens. It hurts to watch.
Any word on Campbell?
Oh bonds even when you do something good you f it up
Fuck this stupid ass playcalling man. Wtf is this
"The Ravens forced & recovered a Jonathan Taylor fumble &  proceeded to return it 65 yds for a TD

This marks their 21st straight game w/ a takeaway (extending back to Wk 4, 2019), the longest active streak in the NFL & longest streak by any team since the '13-'14 Eagles (also 21) - @NFLResearch"
I couldn’t watch another week of our offense and judging off the comments I was right to do so.
Love Peters getting into that. That is a guy we want on our team.
We gotta trade judon in the offseason man
Judon is trash
"I’m glad we look as bad as we do right now, if we were up I have no doubt half of y’all would be defending the bad offensive play just like last week and Eagles week"
Yeahhh how about the souljas get open so we can use them? Damn that might be too much to ask these days.
That should have been a flag on Elliot. Useless hit too.
This team is so pathetic with penalties.
We’re playing a team that shuts the run down and we have top level speed at receiver. The game plan? Check downs and runs up the middle. We’re going to get blown out if we don’t start throwing the ball past 5 yards.
 I thing but pain right now
I know I'm just a random dude in the sub but this sub gets way too doomer during game threads.
"GODDAMN IT GREG ROMAN!

&#x200B;

WHY WOULD YOU RUN IT WITH A RUNNING BACK HE FUMBLED!   


FIRE GREG ROMAN!"
"This offense sucks absolute balls, basically 0 redeeming qualities, coordinators are bad and the players havent been any better."
"John, don't waste the challenge here please."
What is that challenge
Another terrible challenge.  At least that's one thing that we've been consistent with.
That was such a bad call but it went our way so I'm not complaining lmao
Well the rules are 3 steps and like it or not peters did that. I still don’t think it’s a catch but it followed the new rules
Oh my God we have an offense again
Be ok baby
I fucking hate that we can't make 10 yards to put this thing to bed.
"We're so afraid of Lamar's passing abilities. As each game passes, I'm starting to wonder more and more whether or not Lamar is the future."
Man Lamar has regressed so far....this is sad.
We fucking stink
yo holy shit this sub is so fucking over reactive
You guys shitting on Hollywood are some scum.. Fuck you.
"Two streaks end today:

0-6 in Indy  
20 straight losses when trailing at halftime"
Stop this College bullshit! Become a real offense or we won’t ever win shit. Fuck Roman rn
[deleted]
All season y'all have been begging for more running plays and now y'all are mad that we're not passing.
Legal hit
"We need throw it downfield in the second half. If Lamar can't do it, it's time to move on."
"Hey guys, let's play RG3, fire all our coaches, and draft a qb next year"
"Welp folks guess the seasons over. No point in watching any more of the games we all know what’s gonna happen. Might as well trade Lamar and Hollywood for Flacco. 

JFC some of you doomers are insufferable. Yes we were a dominant offense last year and while the offense hasn’t played to that level this year it is still a good offense. 

We’re down 3 points on the road against another 5-2 team with a great defense. 

We’re down two all pros on defense, we’re facing a very good defense and we get the ball to start the 2nd half. Have some fucking faith."
fucking dumpoff on 3rd and 35
This team fucking sucks
[removed]
lol do people really think Lamar is completely absolved of all blame? he’s been awful lately
Haven’t kept up with the team this week... are our guys back that we’re on the covid list ? Or are we gonna have to try to win with 2nd and 3rd stringers?
"I think we’re going to be a wild card team
This year but I actually think that benefits us because there won’t be a true home field advantage this year."
Anyone have a link to the game? Or know where I can get one? I have HULU live but it doesn’t get the Chanel
"I'm starting Hollywood over Mike Evans this week, the truzz is high today"
Well thats trash.
awesome play call
nice play call
Terrible
Was that Proche injured on the coverage?
Luckily I'm still riding the good day that was yesterday.... so far looks like it's going to be a long game
7-0 already
im gonna have a stroke
"This defense really isn't a good as the stats show. Turnovers is all it can rely on and why the numbers look good. If they don't get TO's though it looks mediocre. We can't cover, YAC is probably 10+ yrds average this year. We can't get past a paper bag to put pressure on the QB even when we blitz 6 or 7. We lose 2 players and it too is borderline ready to collapse."
r we this bad
Hollywood needs to make that play.
Bitch what?
0 rush yards in the quarter. Perfect start for colts
Wolfe doing work
Chris Board flying around today
"Two top players on D are out. Two OL out. Offense in distress to start with. 

Penalties, bad snaps, drops, missed throws.  

Not a great start"
"Just gonna be one of those games, nothing you can do about it"
"We scored 2 TDs with Lamar running down the middle, let's not lose our mind."
Should we trade Lamar for buck Allen?
This team doesn’t deserve the playoffs.
Lamar bad
These play calls are ass man
"Something has to be going on in the locker room. The way this team is playing with shows a lack of being mentally prepared and their execution I showing it. Lack of effort on plays. Always throwing their hands to the sides after ""it doesn't go their way"". All these sloppy penalties. Hollywood going on twitter etc. Theres something going on...  Bc week 1 they looked bang on from last year. This year they look like we are lucky to slide by into the playoffs..."
Idk why I keep checking this thread y’all some sour pusses
Fuvking weak ass penalty
Getting shutout in a half? How grand
That kinda looked like a hit to a head
My god our defense needs to tighten up. Elliot could have really fucked Doyle up there. Were lucky he didnt get ejected
Ok wtf is going on
ROMAN YOU PUSSY ALREADY GIVING UP
Two fucking runs in a row when the colts have timeouts. Harbaugh you absolute coward
"We have to be the worst offence in the league. Take away the numbers and just watch this team play. The Giants look better than we do. 

Time to say goodbye to GR"
Skura is having a nightmare game Jesus Christ
Can we do anything on offense?
"Anyone actually think our offense was going to do something there? 


Me neither."
They are taking rivers out so he doesn't fuck jt up with an int lol
Punt punt punt punt punt punt
Oh no we suck
I want Marty Mornhingweg back right now
The only person not being called out here is EDC and its the makeup and depth of the OL that has this team in its current predicament...
"Peters why the fuck are you celebrating you need to catch that, dumb shit."
John H is drunk as shit again
"so now we lose a timeout with this challenge, great (yes i will eat my words if im wrong but thats not a catch)"
This is what desperation looks like. Its turned into one of those seasons real quick.
"We are doing fine, guys. Just chill out, still in it"
"Harbaugh, what are you smoking, cuz it must be some strong shit."
"You've got to be shitting me with this challenge. Why are we so fucking stupid this year?

Other teams don't do this. Other teams are smart."
"Oh no, we suck again!"
THat is a terrible call
"This was a terrible challenge, I bet Greg Roman told Harbaugh to do this"
"Fuck off all u haters with the ""dumb challenge "" shit"
Fuck. You.  Worst call in NFL HISTORY.   EAT SHIT.
Steelers and colts fans are losers. Two straight weeks of whining
I wanna see a Dez catch or TD!
Boy that closeup looked like he was convulsing wtf
Looks like time for a new conditioning coach
No dez :(
Bonds is worthless.
gimmick bullshit offense.
Everything they’ve said about Lamar’s throwing is ending up being right. This dude can’t throw for shit this year
What a fucking joke. That is proof Lamar just isn't what he was last season and these guys don't fear him at all.
I'm fucking done
This is not our year
Boy we got real bad this year :(
Wtf is this challenge
Harbaugh has had a lot of dumb challenges in his career but that might be the dumbest.
I hate to see people hurt. But Leonard has been killing us the whole game.
"This second announcer is annoying as fuck

such a goober, who put this dude on tv"
"Half of y’all would not have made it through the Boller era had u been here , calm down"
Bad throw but gotta catch it
Where the fuck are the 15+ yard passes?!?!
"Greg Roman is a fucking moron and we have no OL. We're looking at 2nd or 3ed in the division if we can't get shit going. 

Lamar has seriously regressed. He doesn't set his feet, he has no quick reads and to make matters worse we have God awful leverage in the interior OL.

Skura is terrible, and we never bothered to find heir apparent for RG (which I mentioned in 2017/2018 discussions about the draft. This game is won in trenches, if you give a QB time they make plays. We give opposing QBs time that our QB needs. Damn shame"
Team bailing out Lamar.
i am really getting sick of watching our defense give up consecutive 3rd down plays week in and week out. they need to fix that or bring in people that will actually fucking play.
What a dirty fucking hit wow
Today is the day Hollywood Brown finally goes off
"White jerseys, purple pants today"
Does Dez see the field today?
What kind of drop off can we expect with Fort out?
This can either be a breakout game for dez and he can establish himself in the offense or he’s going to leave us scratching our head thinking what we’re we thinking signing a old WR...
I got in on y'all at -110. Am I missing something bc that seems like easy money
Khalil Dorsey yay
"Who will take the FRUIT PUNCH today with Marlon out?

Elliot?"
Come on boys we need this to bounce back
Hollywood will get the first TD of the game.
FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT!
"**""BURGER!""**

**EDIT**: Ah, no! Campbell is down."
Welp.   Time to start drinking again
At least he’s walking
This is definitely not our year.
"If he’s out, we’re fucked"
Walk it off Calais
"Fuck man, we're cursed these last couple of weeks."
Oh no
NO WHAT THE FUCK
God dammit
Calais plz get up😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Hoping it’s just a cramp
Calais looks like he’s talking about the way his leg moved to the trainers.  Like he twisted something.
Is cambell ok??
goddamnit...
nice stop good shit
ah fuck
Good job
Great stop D! Hell yeah
I like how Chris board has been playing
Jackson to Bryant for a 20 yard gain plz
I seriously thought Proche was going to try to pick that up.
"Lets go Lamar, show them who you are."
Good decision making Proche
Those hurdles rarely work
Boyle was hurdling when andrews was still in college nice try tho charles
Snead looked open no
Let’s go offence
😑
Oy vey
Dorsey is hurt now too..
Bleh was hoping we'd actually come out with some type of a decent drive.
This offense better not waste a good defensive performance again.
We have 3 healthy corners thank god for the swiss army knife levine.
Are Frank Reich and harbs related?
"Screen tears us up, what a surprise"
McStuffed
Thats textbook edge setting goddamn
This front is doing good against that Colts OL
Looks like Wilkins struck McPhee’s helmet. That should’ve been a penalty.
Missin that fruit punch
"Ugh, we need a turnover here"
This was less than ideal
🎵How could this happen to me 🎵
Were gonna live in die by our pass rush today
1 possession game let’s go match that then it’s 0-0 again
I said it two weeks ago - this is not a top 5 team with the Offense the way it is. Now we’re facing good teams while in transition. It’s not a good situation.
Maybe bonds will improve But right now he is dog shit. Three of our top corners are out. We’re going to get fucked
"Alright boys, go light these mofos up"
Let’s go Dez
Wellp we're down 7 better not run the ball for the next 8 drives in a row
I got a real bad feeling about this...
Well defense is getting gashed as expected let’s hope the offense can do something. That 3rd down option was god awful so I’m hoping roman can actually call something good
"I knew that even if the guys on the COVID list played they’d struggle, and the guys who were in practice like Campbell, Ngakoue and Peters were going to have to dominate for us to win. If Campbell doesn’t come back this game is over"
"just tuning in now, did I miss anything?"
Lol this is just sad
Yoooo this is a joke right??
:(
Disaster waiting to happen
🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
God bless JK
Man o man
double pa screen?
Fuck with that much misdirection I would like to go downfield
Dobbins is incredible
There's our weekly screen play
Tight end wildcat trick play
"DEZ 
Edit: nvrmnd"
Okay let's be honest a quick out is awesome even if its basic for the rest of the NFL
#Put Dez in
Dez on the field
Damn they saw right through that Dez decoy
keep the quick passes coming
This center is going to give me a heart attack
Holy fuck we saw the same thing against Pitt last week they are just living in the backfield
How good is Hollywood at run-blocking?
DEZ SIGHTING
LFG
Great throw and route. Lets see more of that.
Just woke up... what did I miss?
At least it wasn't a 3 and out!
"The Laker fans bullied their bench players into playing good, maybe we can do the same? Idk"
Zero offense zero defense....... sigh.
D not helping either
"streams are extremely shitty today, but it's ok if the team's playing this bad again"
OH SHIT
Ok how about we double whoever Bonds is on with a safety?
Caught by whoever is being guarded by Bonds.
Rivers throwing at bonds every time
They got so lucky
CHUCK SIIUUUUUUU
"week in, week out, i love our defense so much"
Fuck you Phillip
Danger danger
Bonds is getting ripped to shreds today
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
"Ok, we take those."
Please be a fumble
Now that was a good hurdle!!
WOOOOOOOOO
BAILED OUT.
Spoke too soon
Get burns outta there
TD LETS GO
#THE STREAK CONTINUES
WHAT JUST HAPPENED
Literally just tuned in TOUCHDOWN BALTIMORE 😈😈😈😈😈
That’s my Hokie!!
"Pittman is a good receiver, that's the matchup they're gonna target all game. Dude was arguably a first round wideout"
should stand!
NEW BALL GAME
We're back in this game! Bless u ChuckClark
Wow!   Nice run back on the fumble!
Chuck
LMFAO 😂😂 rivers
NICE
Huge
HELL YES!!!
"Rivers got into his wife's defensive position, and it was just as effective..."
Taylor focused too much on trying to put a hit on Peters and coughed it up. Lol
hell yeah baby. Lets gooo
Let’s go defence hit em in the mouth
"Fruit Punch Juice, kings of the punch out..."
good angles by defense..ugh
that commercial got me
Can’t contain the left side of the field. McPhee playing Right and Peters on Left make it an easy choice
Ughhhh that would have been nice
Terrible pass coverage.
I see why bonds plays DB and not receiver
Rivers mad he couldn’t get the penalty yards. Need to put some pads into him.
Damn that would have been such a cool looking INT
Bonds is a ducking spaz lmao
"Fucking catch that, Barry Bonds!"
UGHHHHHH
BONDS COME ON BRO
If that’s not enough evidence to cut bonds idk what is
Lol
Extra men on the field again???? Why do we do this so often.
Uuuuuuuuuuuuugh
The disrespect
WR smacked it on his way out
0 rush yards lol
Nice play Lamar
Play our game and run the ball. Get something going and we can set up the pass
Did he say Kenny moore made the tackle
Zone-read <3
Feeling this offense now.
I’m loving how we are attacking the flats.
[removed]
What in the world
Flucker got pancaked
Fluker gets blown up and causes that failed play
Frauds
See what happens when we run the ball more.
Man getting one first down seems to be our offensive ceiling so far
"Why do we run lamar up the middle. We lost one of the best tackles in the league, let him race them to the sideline or something if you must run him"
Zero fucking offense... Tucker isnt going to get us a SB let alone wins. This is embarrassing
We might need to try something else on 3rd.
Blow the offense up
That option shit needs to be over.
I like running different type of plays just not getting the blocking
Offense just looks uninspired
never thought this thread would look like this last season
"It’s like Greg Roman has personal beef with Lamar and wants him to look bad, this is embarrassing. Run formations that have a running back in the backfield!!"
At this point why not let Lamar and the offense call plays?
I just see no desire in Jackson's eyes lately. That sideline shit just reminded. It's like there is no competitive drive like he's had in the past
We need to revamp the IOL and the WR position ASAP
There's NO WAY that the players aren't souring on Greg Roman. They used their voice to get Earl Thomas out. Do it again.
Lol We need to pick a guard in 1st round but we’ll end drafting Etienne
How are we boys? I had to go to Whataburger real quick. Left right after fumble 6.
I think defenses have just figured out we've ripped every page out of the playback w a pass 10yds plus in the air.
I trust this defense to win this game for us than the offense...
Offense can’t maintain blocks. Defense can’t get off of them. Awesome.
another hold so tired of nfl reffing
Ngakoue!!
Anybody else thinking Lamar has been dealing with some nagging injury since he took that nasty hit in Week 2?
Is Judon playing?
I could literally play wr for the ravens no talent needed
I like the screens and dump offs. I do not like the lack of our downhill run game. Maybe I have a short memory but we have not ran up tue gut but twice. Maybe our oline is getting beat up and GRo unwilling.
Lol they're using screens like Reid and KC.
"god if we don't draft Rashod Bateman with our first this year, imma be fuming"
Has Dez played yet? Just remembered he was back for this game
"Souljas, plz"
Anyone else feel it’s still too early for all the holidays stuff?  My neighbors are putting their decorations up as we speak and now they’ve had commercials for holiday stuff
We need to rip them now and get an offensive score before the half
these weird plays where they run 4 yard routes are killing me
Screen passes all day huh?
This awful
We suck
Fucking brutal
First good throw I’ve seen.
fucking finally a shot down field
More throws like that...please
Can we all agree at least that the camera work by cbs is absolute shit today?
Have we crossed midfield yet this game?
There you go llama
Finally!
Lets go
Needs to get his head in the game. Looks uninterested lol
this is difficult to watch to say the least
3 WR just went straight vertical lol these play designs are amazing
Threading the needle
I want to see other plays besides seam route or curl to Andrews. We need WRs involved beyond the sticks. Nice throw though
He's ALIVE!
"Oh, we are the pretenders"
"We did something.

AND LAMAR CAN MAKE THESE THROWS AND HAS MADE THESE THROWS PRETTY WELL, SO WHY THE FUCK DOES ROMAN NOT WANT TO CALL THEM?"
"Are they scared of our o-line or what? End-around, screens, makes me think they are"
"There you go, throw on the money...of the issues are execution related"
Miscue on the snap??? Shocking
Really nice throw by Lamar there
clock will start on the SNACK
"I was hoping they would go to Andrews there - credit to Lamar for putting it in there, Mark needs to get more involved and they need to draw up more plays like that."
I was CERTAIN this drive was over the moment Lamar threw incomplete on 1st down. Glad to be proven wrong.
Great goddamn throw Lamar
Every read is triple covered
We’re horrible
And come crashing back down to earth
shoulda been picked
How df do u throw that
Lucky as fuck that wasn't an INT
And then a should-be INT
What's that explanation
This is not a relaxing way to spend my afternoon
Man...this couldn't be more different from last year
Why are we abandoning the run already
What kind of sorry ass route was that
Lamar bro you gotta slide feet first
NO!!!!! COME TF ON
"Lamar is missing reads and I don't know why. He's missed some wide open receivers this game,  but he's not as rushed as last week.  O-line doing better in pass protection than last week."
We’ve now reached the “force it to Hollywood” stage of Ravens play
Forcing the throw. Stop throwing forced throws.
Oh my... dude.
Man the offense manages to somehow look worse. Just wild.
Marcus Peters needs to take a chill pill
WTF lamar get your head in the game man.  This isn't going to help.  The defense can't bail you out for all these misreads.  I swear he gets in his head sometimes and loses focus.
We literally give away first down every time.
Steelers did the same shit against Lamar last week
He lowered the helmet crazy
This play calling is dog shit
This looks worse then the 2014 offense.
That's the Clowney tackle right there.
At least the refs are trying their best guys
lol the line getting destroyed immediately after the snap
"Penalties extending drive. We playing Pittsburgh ball now, boys!"
Blackmon been watching game footage of Minkah Fitzpatrick.
Oh that's a greasy hit - we can't be having too many of those or it'll be RG3 time.
God I love JuiceMan
"can we stop running up the middle, its just not working."
"MP gotta chill, though I love that he loves his guys.

This offense should not look this bad"
"Who cares if Dobbins goes down there holy shit, 0 holes"
God I love Peters. Perfect Raven.
Hope that penalty gets us mad and wakes us up.
Lol. RB gets the handoff and the oline is like 2 inches in front of him
That dude wasn’t even blocked. Wtf
Lamar wtf
WTF
"Holy

Fucking

Shit"
damn
Let’s run backwards now
Trace McSorely wya /s
We are fucking double teaming and STILL can't stop the rushers
Jesus fuck
Offensive line is getting pantsed today. That wasn't even a a blitz.
Nice job getting us out of FG range bruh. Real heads up play
Dobbins just giving the block up
Nice protection form Offensive Line
FUCK
Madden curse
How tf is Lamar putting himself into contact you if he doesn’t duck he’s taking a full on head shot. Shut the fuck up
"What is it, 3rd and 40?"
"lmfao 2 penalties on us, at least the defense gets to rest while they watch this debacle"
Throw. It. Away.
Jesus fucking Christ.
We take holding penalties and still can’t pass protect
This Offense is just an empty husk of last year's offense.
That was another screen. #5? They don’t believe Lamar can do anything with his arm
Smart to get it out quick so we can have a better position to punt the ball from.
"Biscotti please, step in and do something."
This is so painful.
this Oline is so atrocious right now. jesus fuck.
Have we run yet
Fire Greg Roman immediately!
Need short throw plays. Please Roman. Our offensive line sucks and Hollywood doesnt need to run a go route every play.
And now we give up running the ball
So I guess our offense is busy taking instagram pics and playing warzone when they should be practicing
That would have been so clutch
Who’s the interim OC if Roman goes? Culley?
At least last week the whole offense other than 1 player looked really good. This week it all looks like shit.
That made me jump off my seat lol
Flag
our offensive line is getting so little push idk how anyone expects us to run or pass. we need tempo or something to mix it up
whyyy Judon !
Are you kidding me
Guess we lean on the defense like ol' times.
Judon again..
Judon a meme
Sure I guess
Two penalties in one play! Awesome job team!
Lmfao
Omfg....
OH COME ON.
Awesome. Have the pinned and he jumps offside. Can’t wait to wave goodbye to him.
Fuck man.  Can't catch a break.
"That fucking hurts, both Rivers and the Ravens"
I want to cry
And now we collapse and watch them march 90 yds for a TD... sigh
Both those penalties were on McPhee not Judon?
On track for another record setting penalty day.
Somehow these coaches have made this team worse than the sum of its parts.
Such bad discipline why are we getting these stupid ass defensive penalties every week
soft
The lack of discipline is disgusting
"He was so wide open, smh"
Corners playing way to softly
Hold them to a FG here.  Go to the locker room only down by 3 and re group
Someone needs to make that face that Rivers made into a meme
Wish they'd show the replay on some of these tackles. That one by Ferguson and the one by Wolfe earlier looked like they just reached out and grabbed the player and that was enough to stop them
Remember to keep the compliments coming as fast as you do the insults...
Their LT has consistently put his hands in the rushers face
Oh we lucky if Elliot isn't ejected. And that was a DPI
Idk I've ever seen a guy out there with glasses on
Weren’t like 3 colts players not set and moving before the snap on the 3rd down play?
Elliot needs to go for the ball. He didn't lower his shoulder until well after tip.
Who's the blame of the game so far?
ANOTHER screen. The fuck is this
Kinda deep now to make anything happen before half.
We're inside our own 10 to start... wtf
on track for another 10+ penalties vs 2-3 for us
Sigh...
Standard. Take a knee.
This offense😴😴😴 and brain dead penalties
Seriously.... This has to be coaching. We can't be losing or almost losing games because of penalties.
There kicker has been damn good for them so far making 16/18.  He was the top Kicker prospect coming out for the 2020 draft and I was honestly so surprised a team didn’t take a late round flier.  I get why though because there hasn’t been a kicker that didn’t bust since Seabass.
Just kneel the fucking ball. Why even try?
KNEEL IT OUT.
The colts marched from their 10 can we do the same?
wtf is wrong with this team.
O-line is baaaaaaad.
We just do not look like a well coached team.
Im so fucking sad dammit
Slant for a first down look at that
That was loud how'd he stay up
Let's get another fumble for a TD here
I would like our offense that could march down the field at will and go on 10 minute drives back please
INT return TD please
Lol
Shitty first half
Another fucking flag. Jfc
Lol
"Oh no, we suck again..."
And it wasn't a fucking sack tho
Hope we have some damn good halftime adjustments.
"Hat forward, he learned"
Is RussellStreetReport down for anyone else??
Feels bad man
Did dez play yet late watching so happy for him
"Lamar has 2 seconds, first down."
Holy Shit a completed pass
#P A S S I N G
Okay let’s keep this damn pace up
"Ok, whatever adjustments got made at the half look good on this drive."
Finally
We’re the only Franchise in the NFL that never gets their QB a true number 1 WR lol
Setting up their spies with slants??
BOOM BOOM LAMAR IS IN THE ROOM
That's more fucking like it
That was weird
We back from the dead like Chief Keef!!!
Looks like they gave quite the pep talk at half
Why not go deep it's 2nd and 1
"Remember the 2012 playoffgame against Pats when Harbs said at half they decided to put the ball in Lamar's hands? I feel like this could be a similar watershed type moment

Edit whoops of course I mean Joseph Vincent Flacco"
Lamar can throw to receivers?
We made yards
"Lamar isn’t the type of QB that’s gonna launch one downfield , wish we would use this intermediate game more"
Wow offense looks awake now
THATS MY MVP
Look guys we're doing something!
Where was this 1st half?!??
"Running the ball?

Roman : FUCK YOU PASS IT"
And you keep letting him throw downfield! Nice catch Mark. Fucking GRo.
FOUR RUSHES WITH RUNNING BACKS??????????? WHAT THE FUCK????
Here we fucking go
That's not lamar on the field
"Let’s go boys, we’re moving that ball"
See what happens when you call normal ass pass plays with no pa
Nice catch!
Someone entered a cheat code during halftime (aka they all got reamed the fuck out lol)
"I still don't like Roman, but he made adjustments. It's a step."
Has the offense just officially woken up?
ITS HAPPENING
"Oh hey look, Lamar is faster than most people on the field. It works when he races them to the sideline. 

G-Ro: Qb sneak up the middle"
"We have the personnel, this is what we needed"
Pa pass to dez td coming up
Holy shit they had Jackson run on the outside?
THROW IT TO DEZ
You can’t spell red zone without Dez
">Lift up the **receiver**, I'll make you a believer

*Depeche Mode: Personal Jesus*"
"Lol, we were hustling Indy the entire first half"
NOOI
"Uh... wtf is happening? I'm NOT complaining because our offense is looking lively now. 

But we deadass look like a completely different team from the 1st half."
Ravens have more first downs in 3 minutes than the entire first half
For fucks sake.
Wow.
Kill me
Lmao dawg come tf on
No words
Jesus shit
sigh...
Gus needs to sell that fake better.
... *sigh*...
Bus 😥
Thanks Mecari for nothing
Judt what we needed
Wow that was the post painful play of the season
imagine not holding onto the ball on the goal line
When it rains it pours
Oh my god
Crushing.
dobbins should get every rb touch from now on
And just like that hopes are dashed
lmao this shit is brutal man...
What a tease lmfao
Just stomp on my dick while you're at it. Fuck
Props to hollywood saving the td
MP come on
JFC MP
Wow
oh
Big Truzz. I have hope
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDIGNKSAMFV DK
Juiceman almost took it right back
That’s fucking OPI
FADE ME
Fucking kill me
Lol. Just. Lol.
"..........

WHYYYYYY"
Why did you not let him come down with that Deshon
OMG
This game is such a cocktease
are you actually kidding me?
Bro why are we challenging this
Fucking embarassment
Borderline fumble
Catch n fumble lol
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
what is this challenge
[deleted]
wtf
Why do this
guess we are in fuck it why not mode
No replay cbs????
Marcus ... :(
Fuckkkkkk
Pls reverse it
That’s a stupid challenge
no way they change this
I don't think they are going to reverse that. He did t make a football move IMO
That would be a challenge of an int right?
What a dumb challenge
Who made this call to challenge? Whoever it was needs to be demoted.
Why does Harbaugh sometimes just challenge when he doesn't like what happened even when it's obvious?
"One step forward, three steps back"
Ik the fumble sucked the air out of the room but at least the offense didn’t look totally inept
OH SHIT
*Has vietnam flashbacks to the infamous 5-11 season in 2015*
WOW
Wow I was wrong LFG
Brilliant
YES
YOOOOOO
Let’s go
LETS GO
WOW
FINALLY THE REFS DONT FUCK US OVER
Does harbaugh ctually expect that to get overturned? I don’t understand the thought process. Timeouts are very valuable in close games and he is giving them away
Oh shit
Let's get y'all started again. Lamar Jackson is terrible. Reminds me of a hyped of Geno Smith or Josh Freeman. I'm glad we have a real passer like Dak. Poor Dez.
OMG WE GOT IT BACK
No fucking way
😱😱😱
bAD ChAlLENge HArBAugh
#OH SHIT
Called it.
LETS GOOOOOOOO
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO. Harbaugh you wizard!
What? Lol
Well that’s lucky lol
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
Wow... 👍
Hahahahahahhahah
HOLY FUCK THATS MY COACH
WHAAAAAAAT
What
Does Peters get credit for an interception there?
#LFG
"Damn, okay Harbs."
sure?
Holy fuck
Hell yeah
Each and every one of you can eat your words
Wow wow wow
lmao
Eating more crow I guess belly full
"Hell of a challenge. Love Harbaugh’s guts there, Peters definitely had the ball long enough. Refs should’ve blown the whistle."
Learn football guys lmao
Well that's a complete horseshit call 😂😂
Lol idk man that's not a good call
I dont understand that what so ever
HOLY FUCKING HARBALLS
This dude has no idea what the catch rule is. Going to the ground isn't a part of the rules anymore. Hasn't been for 3 seasons
Big Brain Harbs!
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Jackson is looking a little more into it this half it seems
Peculiar call 🧐
???
Harbaugh playing 4D chess rn
Soulja
LMAO I’ll take it
LOOK AT THAT PROTECTION LINE IS BACK BABY
Hollywood taking a hit there.
"We’re fine. We got momentum in that last drive, and we’re moving the ball. The fumble was unfortunate but it’s not indicative of the offense"
Let's go Hollywood!! BIG DAWG WOO WOO
If I was an indy fan I would be livid right now
Does no one else see that limp when Lamar is going slow or am I crazy
I guess the passing game is alive now! Let’s go
Has Dez got a reception yet? Just now tuning in.
that was a strike
Wow Darius Leonard their best player defensively
Charles Davis is suck deez with that no catch nonsense......
"M V P

V

P"
Andrews rey fight lmaoo
Finally! 3rd and 1 just pound it nothing stupid
We already have twice as many yards and first downs this half than we did in the first half.
EJECT THAT FUCKER
Glad to see some fight in this team. It helps to actually have some structure
No no no we need 3 if we get to 4th
Gus Edwards is a Mack truck!
"I'm waiting for those three magic words

ANDREWS... REDZONE.... TOUCHDOWN!!!"
Lamar draw and get stuffed here watch
lets go gus!
PUT DEZ IN
Let's get my boy Ricard a TD here in the flat
leave the ball in lamars
I think we would take our 3 right?
He def got in.
Colts are a bunch of cry babies
Wow no qb sneak and it works
Does Harbaugh just know the rules so well that he knew to challenge that questionable INT?
Umm what???
Lol
TD
He’s in
Thank god
Gus Bus!
FINALLY!
Why tf don’t they just count it since scoring is reviewable
Mekaro just prevented a td there he was way out past where he should and forced the bus outside
That’s an example. Refs gave a TD to them earlier in the same fucking situation.
"Glad we didn't challenge, good initiative to go for it. Still worried but at least we're seeing something on offense, I may have been a bit too defeatist after the last turnover"
LETS GO!
It’s pretty sad that Gus Edwards has been our offensive MVP of the year so far lmao fucking love that guy
GUS BUS!
Boom!
Ricard is a grown ass man
Our curse will extend into the second half... unless...
Wtf was that throw by Rivers
bears with a screen 7 yards behind LOS
HELL YEA D
I’m actually feeling confident about this game now
Our number one rushing offense forgot that running the football is an option
"Credit to Lamar, his spidey sense is good."
He juked himself out
Pass pro looking pretty solid right now
If the OL were like last year a 4 man rush doesn’t stop Lamar.
Go for it
Feel like that spot sucks
Prayers to Indy they had a fuck ton of injuries this game
what kind of spot is that?
Go for it
Why does Lamar always look miserable lol
ANALYTICS
Gotta love how we’re just casually trotting subs in with 12 left on the play clock
Why even hesitate...
Please don’t do a qb run up the middle
If he had hit the drag route that would've been a first down
"That was horrible. You get lined up at least you can try to get them to jump. 

I want a play action pass."
Should’ve had someone flop. Get the free break.
"Love the commercial, hate the new coffee machines.   Its like the coffee comes out too foamy or something idk"
I still the last few weeks and the first half here shows GRo needs to go.
I will never get used to a RTJ song being used to sell cars
I wanna see Dez throw up the X so bad
Hollywood got open after Lamar was running to the opposite sideline
So like... Our offense is competent again?
Can we please get a new center next year?
Tale of two halves. We look like a different team and Llama looks confident
Honestly think Colts defense blew their load in the first half. They were running with such speed and intensity now they are tuckered out
bozeman gets absolutely destroyed
Let's get 6 mannnnnn
The Boot!! Love it
Love that shit bitches
YAAAAASS QUEEN
Touchdown!!
"That second half swing, finally we are doing it"
Hes back baby!
LAMAR IS SNEAKY AGAIN!
The streak continues!
This is so much more like it
It feels good it feels real good seeing this offense work
Harbs must have told Lamar to just be himself and have fun. He looks like the mvp right now
That was a really great block by Mark Andrews on Lamar Jackson's TD run. He absolutely mauled his assignment all the way into the endzone!
"What a classic bootleg, amazing"
PQ trying to turn into a thumper
How did we leave him so open?
Fumbles happen Reich not using your best offensive weapon is just helping us you idiot
Fuck
Great
Bruh c’mon
Right on the chin
Just hold them to 3
Is that a shoulder injury?
"Why, what have we done to deserve this 😖"
"We’re now leading 9th team overall with most
injuries this season."
Pick Defense
[deleted]
What happened with Queen? (Had to step away for a bit)
Ain't get it
Nice
"Fucked his ass up, let's go"
Thank you Judon
Hand to the face 🤭
What's up with Calais
Did they say what happened to Queen?
Woooow that was a touchdown if judon missed a half step.
"Ok, 5 minute drive and let's go home."
Love this defense
Wind that clock down
IN YOUR FACE RIVERS!!!
i want harb's mask
Wtf was that
Time to grind their souls into the ground with the Gus Bus
Ew
Sam Koch fake in coming
We shouldve let lamar play his game and get us that first down
How is Indy out of TOs??
What’s old man Rivers crying about. Get yo sorry ass back there and throw a pick
This was a quick one imo
Is it against the rules to throw a pass when the games in the bag?
HE DONT MISS
Would like to do at least 1 or 2 playaction to change it up
Fuck it lets get the ball back and run up the score even more!!!!!
Tuuuuck
16 forced fumbles?? that can't be right
Anyone know how good Colts' rush D is?  I'm curious.
" 
 

 My"
[deleted]
Imagine being comftorable with giving Lamar an extension of any kind at this rate.
[deleted]
Colts look like what we used to
[deleted]
"Somehow this is all Greg Romans fault. I blame every blown coverage, every penalty on him, & my broken spirit on him."
Lamar's been playing kinda bad ever since I bought my Lamar Jackson Funko Pop last Sunday morning lol
"Yeah, I'm switching to Redzone.

This offense is just miserable to watch."
That is 100% a catch and fumble
#Rivers going for 300 and 3 tds today
All because marlon Humphrey had to go out and eat with friends 🤦🏾‍♂️
Get Hill off this team. No purpose for him anymore.
"Josh Allen is a better QB right now because their team is letting him get better and throw the ball continuously. 

We shit on Flacco by getting him no weapons and we’re shitting on Lamar by not letting him grow. Lamar can be a top 10 passer every season if we let him"
So we just not going to adjust today
Just woke up but nothing looks good so far dammit
Fuck this shit man. Lamar just isn't the gamechanger he was last season. We are so screwed.
What happened to Lamar
We might as well have Kyle Boller rn
"We basically have an elusive, faster Joe Flacco making boneheaded decisions under pressure."
Lamar really likes running into sacks when things don't go perfectly this season :(
Can anyone put a finger on what’s wrong with Lamar this season?
When do we start the 'Harbuagh has lost this team' threads?
Oh shut up the hit on Sneed was way worse
"Indy’s D been headhunting our offense and hitting Lamar every play. They gotta expect the same.

The refs need to start calling these penalties or it’ll only get worse."
Boring team LMAO
This offense is broken
STOP RUNNING THE FUCKING BALL
After that atrocious first half we kinda look good I guess
Never seen Lamar look so average there.
"❌❌❌❌❌

❌❌❌❌❌

❌❌❌❌❌

❌❌❌❌❌"
"I don't have the highest hopes. 

I think we CAN win, but it is going to take a lot of things to go right for us and some things to go wrong for Indy."
This is going to get ugly soon
Hollywood really didn’t complete that pass smh. Easy shit man
this is a wrap
Can they sprinkle some deer antler stuff on calais’ calf?
God of War 4 prequel
"Hey wink they keep attacking us on the outside how about we adjust? 
Wink: Naw buddy we good"
9 first downs already
Bonds fucking sucks
"Damn man, where all these souljas at?"
Unbelievable. Throw something other than a dump off you bum
Holy shit this offense sucks. I can't believe the team is ok with this play calling
What happened to our offense and what has happened to Lamar?
Awful pass
Jackson has regressed to first year college QB this year
THESE PENALTIES ARE RIDICULOUS HARBAUGH GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER
Roman calling short passes because of the oline
"Honestly, at what point is this on Harbaugh as well for not realizing Greg is ruining Lamar? And looking to actually get this offense to do something?"
Lamar staring off into the abyss. Sigh
Who do you all propose we replace Roman with? Not gonna find anyone decent midseason
Damn they folded him like a cheap suit
Lamar is going to end this game with negative yards at this rate lmao
This offense stinks and it starts with Lamar and Roman
S/pain
"Some thoughts so far:

- this has been a fucking awful game
- the announcers talking about their luggage for 5 minutes almost gave me a fucking aneurysm 

-Gus is maybe the least elusive RB ive ever seen in my life

really not ideal so far"
That’s the game. You don’t come back from that
That was a fumble by Peters but alright
How could Lamar let that happen?
This challenge feels like a desperation attempt to switch momentum
Not a catch but okay
"Harbaugh betting on the low IQ of the refs, good shit"
"This has been a historically pathetic offensive stretch for the Ravens... and thats really, really saying something."
Colts fans are big mad in their sub right now 🤭
We need more shots down the field
Run game is back boys!
This ain’t a knock on my guy Fort but what sort of finger injury keeps you out for a game? Is the club hand not a thing anymore?
give me a break
The fact that we can't even sack old man rivers is so unreal
The one time judon does something
"Dumb call when you need 1 yard to salt the game. Roman will RPO every down, every situation EXCEPT that, I guess. C'mon, man."
#TBF none of you 300lb couch potatoes could have even got in position to sniff that INT.
Lamar is absolutely figured out this year boys
Get rid of the fucking ball you idiot mother fucker you are costing us points and games.
LAMARG3
Its one thing to suck but I thought this team would at least look pretty good and play fun games doing so. This is closer to Jets football than Chiefs.
We could end up 3rd in the division.
LamaRG3
Why is this team so fucking retarded.
"This team sucks, 5 inflated wins against bad competition"
"lol at this board complaining about the offense.

If you want a better offense...GO GET BETTER OFFENSIVE TALENT.

You guys sit up here and cheer as the Front Office goes defense, defense, defense in the Draft, off season trades, and in season trades...

All while the offense CLEARLY has signs of weaknesses (desperately needs a No. 1 WR and needs OL help) and the complain about the offense not putting up elite numbers against the NFL best defenses.

No, your defense BETTER play lights out or this team is going nowhere...BECAUSE THE OFFENSE IS SO LIMITED WITH TALENT.

The offense is an afterthought."
Nothing is going right today. Lamar couldn’t even unstrap his helmet coming off on the first try? Anyone else see that shit?
Refs gave them that drive it wasn’t a roughing the passer.  QBs get too much protection.
thats a terrible hit
[deleted]
turnover or we can pretty much call it
Bad throw tbh
Lamar already peak?
God damb DJ Fluker is ugly as fuck
Rivers had zero pressure that entire drive. This is not a playoff defense. I know it's early but it's not a good start at all
This interior line needs out skura and Bozeman specifically
We aren’t even looking like a team that should make the wild card rn
Good call
This game should be easy
Why the hell is Judons trash ass covering a TE? Wink has some explaining to do.
When's the last time we saw a WR make a catch that good for the Ravens? Smitty?
Yeah this game over
[deleted]
It turns out there sometimes *are* good calls by NFL refs.
Another fucking game ender that can't be gotten. Just awful
Lamar needs to fucking humble himself Dobbins had that first down just give it to him
"What do you think the chances are this team gets hot the last 3,4 weeks before playoffs?"
Could’ve had DK
This MVP plays like absolute garbage!  I'm piss!
HOW COULD LAMAR DO THIS?!?!?? Loudly exclaims the fan of an already offensively unimpressive team that's missing 3 pro bowl players and 2 starters that it had the year before.
That injury to me looks really fucking concerning.b
[deleted]
We can't just keep hiding Lamar's deficiencies  at throwing the ball downfield. Let's find out right now whether or not we should be looking for a new quarterback in 2021 by making our passing offense more aggressive.
Lamar seriously went from an MVP caliber playing to the worst starting QB in the division
Thats the frustration from McPhee. Has Harbaugh lost the locker room? There is zero discipline game after game after game.
"I’ve seen enough, can’t watch this team on live TV die a slow death. Literally crumbling before my eyes."
"FUCKIN GREG ROMAN CALLING THE SAME PLAY 3 TIMES IN A ROW!

HE WAS JUST LUCKY OUR GUYS ACTUALLY BLOCKED!

HE SHOULDVE CALLED A BOOTLEG AND TRIED TO TRICK THEM! IDIOT!"
FIRE GUS RHE BUA EDWARDS! DO IT NOW! JUSTIN TUCKER SHOULD HAVE GOT THE TOUCHDOWN BECAUSE GUS FUMBLED! Y'all doo doo comments after Gus made a bad play. Fire Greg Roman not Gus lol.
Already lost
"If this is the level of play the offense takes the rest of the season, there’s a legitimate case for Lamar MVP-Repeat"
Too many injuries. Not winning this game. Regroup and beat the pats next week.
That is a gut punch to end this game and honestly put a big impact for the rest of the season.
Its Averett time
What. The. Fuck....was that?
"No sir, I don't like it"
Take it easy boys we got this
If hollywood starts to go off by the end of the game y’all better keep that same energy
dam rivers has all day
HOLY SHIT LETS GO
Fucking killing us on the edge. They're not gonna let our rush get home with these quick plays out there. Gotta try to dare them to throw downfield
Is Campbell out for the game?
FUCKKKK
"Bonds
Fucking
Sucks
Dropped 
A
Interception
Get
Him
Out"
Could have redeemed himself their.
Greg Roman needs to be fired.
Stop running the stupid fucking read option today. Switch it up.
IF GREG ROMAN RUINS OUR FRANCHISE QB...
Bet money this doesn't pass the qst down marker
finally a good pass
I don’t think that should’ve a flag. He didn’t slide feet first
"Lamar doesn know what ""step up in the pocket"" means. This sack is on him"
"Hit Rivers on every fucking play. Their defense it out here headhunting, we need parity at this point."
All afc teams are winning against nfc too
Why man
Of fucking course it’s Judon
Fucking ridiculous.
Jalen Ferguson is a turd for real. Looks lost all the time.
HAHAHAHAHAHA
....... smh
LMAO. This offense is fucking terrible.
Fucking terrible
"Funny enough, there is a persistent coaching decision issue which is running Edwards as our number  1, which is clearly on Harbaugh"
I don't want to see Edwards get another snap.
Depending on the result of the next drive im just gonna turn off the game
I mean he takes 4 steps
Dez caught it.
Hey our plays work better when the blocking execution is good! Neat!
Hollywood was open..
Hollywood was open...
That should do it
Gus fucking earned those last 3 yards there.
Roughing the kicker there???
Can’t get these first downs.
Why not try to score another td?
Fuck you EA for placing this Madden Curse on us.
[removed]
A coach with balls would put in RG3 for the second half. This is high school level QB play.
See lamar look at Jacoby he knows how to throw the ball away
#notouryear
RIP to Alex Trepek
"LMFAO.

Is it the playcalling or the execution? Either way -- pathetic. Done with this game for now. Nauseating."
McPhee Mcsucks
Harbs is literally the worse challenge coach. wtf is he doing. Why do they always challenge the worst calls.
This is one of the most embarrassing challenges I've ever seen. I'm speechless.
"Take this tired team. Well deserved, don’t get me wrong, and we still beat those sorry ass cowboys. FUCK THE STEELERS"
PUT RG3 IN
"Jesus Christ Lamar , just play a clean game and stop being so reckless"
This games gonna be a blowout
Trace McSorely 2nd half leggooo! 😂 /s
This is not a super bowl caliber team.
Oh look! A straight up pass play and it worked. Dipshit Roman. PASS THE BALL. Let Lamar grow!
Do we have ANY plays from under center?
Lamar needs to make that throw easier and Marquise needs to catch it regardless. Went both ways there.
I'm not looking forward to bootlickers saying that everything is fine and that we're on the right path. This team has no identity or swagger. Especially Hollywood.
This bitch is wearing glasses lol
Harbaugh wtf
Someone explain why you’d celebrate after you fucking drop an interception you had two hands on
Awful throw.
"Colts fan here, chill out guys, it’s early."
When is Ngakoue making his debut?
[deleted]
Soooooooo has Yannick done anything yet?
That was the worst call of the season and you know it
Achilles?
This game is not close to over
If this continues the rest of the year a QB is getting taken 2nd round minimum. Too much talent in everything except the WRs to let waste.
[deleted]
Harbs in the hot seat at all?
Trace McSorley time.
Yannick has done... nothing
Will Jackson get a first down this drive?  damn - he sucks now. Would rather have Flacco.
That was an awful play by lamar
"Can’t wait until I get to see all the “well...Lamar just had his worst game of his career” for the 5th time this season. I’m not saying RG3 is a better option but fuck, Lamar just isn’t in it this year. How many more times are we gonna say “worst game of his career” before we just call it was it is - he’s having a dreadful season."
"Can we just fire Roman and play RG3

I'm sick of this shit"
"Defense is good, offense is garbage."
"Fuck bad throw well more of a late one

Edit: it should have been caught still late and a little low"
It is probably blasphemy to say this but maybe its time to move on from Harbaugh. Bisciotti nearly fired him two years ago.
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Is something wrong with Lamar? He looks lost this season.
Ngakoue did not do anything more than Ward man
Ravens seem to be getting all the call.
[removed]
Ravens drafting sucked last two years tbh
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
He’s fine.
"Lamar’s decision making still isn’t the best, but it’s not horrible. I also think Gregg Roman is probably putting a lot of pressure on him to play a certain way and Lamar is more of an instinctual kind of player."
The big one for me is the offensive line. Lamar's accuracy has typically been exactly as good as his throwing mechanics/footwork. He's been rushing his mechanics/footwork because the OL has been worse and he's had less time to work with.
"He’s under more pressure; WRs aren’t good enough; he isn’t as effective as a runner, and as a result he’s trying to do too much and making poor decisions."
"Bad oline, bad wrs, one less quality TE, romans offense has been figured out. It’s not really all on lamar he’s definitely played worse but it’s not exactly a good environmental and supporting cast for a young qb"
"He’s played as a top 10 QB, not a top 5 QB. He wins games, he doesn’t turn the ball over that much, and he is just trying to improve his passing. We are 5-2, one of the best Ds in the league, but with a patchwork offensive line and a shaky WR core. We’re fine."
"It’s a combination of things. o line isn’t a good. Play calling isn’t as good. They are forcing him to become more of a passer, which in theory, this makes sense. In reality, it’s taking away his game and what made him good. He’s a better passer when the opportunities to pass develop naturally. Everything feels forced right now which is why nothing is clicking. 

We always say it. Run the damn ball and let the passing game develop organically."
"I think he’s hurt.  It was reported in training camp a groin injury.  That type of injury doesn’t heal without weeks of inactivity.  I don’t think he looks nearly as explosive as last year.  Colts D-lineman just cased him down, that wouldn’t happen last year."
Not great O-line and bland play calling. G-Ro is driving his Ferrari in 1st gear so far this season
The Colts moving to Indy happened way before I was born so this was more funny than sad. It was a really creative headline though ngl
They are doing a story on it now.
"Continued on Super Bowl Sunday? Geez. Let me guess, they will show how glorious it was for Irsay to move the Colts to Indy and so good for the NFL in the Midwest."
[deleted]
Ty hasn’t been a number 1 for like 3 years they won’t miss him at all
He’s been number one on reputation only this year. You could argue he’s actually been their *least* productive receiver this year.
"Our defense always showing up, even if they’re banged up 🙏🏽🙏🏽"
Bonds 🤦‍♂️
""
#KNUCK IF YOU CHUCK BOI
🎉🎉🎉
[deleted]
[deleted]
Funny thing is that's also how many offensive TDs the Jets have since 2018.
I wonder where the team ranks since its inception.
""
Most likely not. Starters caught the injury bug for sure.
""
"Good idea, but YOU'RE killing me with that ""your"""
Why not both?
""
""
Someone tell Greg roman that. It’s already failed multiple times yet this idiot keeps running it. I’m so fucking done with this dude
""
Thank you for this.
Someone make the turtling into a gif
"Lamar is from Florida, so I think that explains the aggressive runs for no reason, and any other behavior is the traits of a Florida man."
""
Madden curse...
"Last year’s cover star, Patrick Mahomes, super bowl mvp?"
No calvin broke the curse in 2013
"Yes.
Because the printing on a video game box has an actual effect on the outcome of a football game and / or the performance of an individual."
[deleted]
"Alternatively, target someone more than 4 yards downfield"
0 rushing yards in tge first quarter you need to throw the ball.
The run isn’t working either. Some of y’all got the iq of a 3rd grader
Because the colts top run defense definitely won’t stack the box when you run the ball every down. Definitely not.
"First and foremost, fire Roman"
That’s all.
"Second dirtiest player out there.

Hope they go 5-11 and miss the Playoffs just so we don’t have to deal with the headhunting again."
Why does this offense feel so underwhelming when I went through the Kyle Boller and Flacoo years. Why
Higher expectations
"Ha Flacco always gave you 1 good quarter.  The Flacco model was 1 good quarter, get some points, barely hold on/ lose in last seconds.

Edit:  for this struggling to see, I was clearly making fun of Joe here, not making fun of Lamar.  I never even mentioned Lamar’s name."
Good to know Superbowl MVP Flacco was underwhelming for you.
""
"We have 3 corners. Probably why. Calling plays that require him to be on a tight end, which isn’t uncommon, but undesirable."
"If you’ve seen Judons percentage of plays where he drops in coverage over his career this is normal... he doesn’t just rush the passer every play, he’s very versatile"
"Our offensive play calling is absolutely horrible. Ran a option reverse with Willie Snead. Nobody is remotely threatened by him running a reverse lol. Come on man, what is this."
"This is the Ravens offensive output from 2014-2017. It’s hard to watch and offers nothing. 

Welcome new fans. 

Shit is garbage."
"It’s a bit of A LOT lmao the o line is getting beat, Lamar isn’t playing well, the play calling is shit. The plays that worry me are the QBs runs, we got two (3 with justice hill) capable RBs let them run the ball, don’t risk Lamar getting hurt he’s been getting hit a lot. The interior of the o line has been struggling all game"
"Is it possible Greg Roman is a master play DESIGNER but an absolute shit show of a play CALLER? That, or is Lamar trying too hard to prove he's a passer? 

I love Lamar and I think he has the goods to beat the Chiefs. But I have serious doubts about Roman and Harbaugh's reluctance to run a 4-down running offense."
"They gotta open up the playbook. I’m a huge Lamar fan but if Lamar is going to fail , let him fail and vice versa. We don’t know what we have in him if we just let him throw 5 yard passes every drive like come on, we’re not beating anybody with this offense lol."
They were waiting until the half guys
The sky is blue. These are things we know.
Play calling is a lot easier when you have actual talent on the offensive line
Maybe they’re tanking for Trevor Lawrence
[deleted]
"time travel is possible!

Welcome back to 2015-17."
"That’s not Greg Roman, Marty Mornhinweg some how came back"
I really hate throwing blame on a single person... But then I watch kyler running all over the field to the point where Romo claims he might be the biggest running qb threat in the league right now (and even calls out Lamar). Then I get a little sad
And all this time I thought it was the flux capacitor that made time travel possible.
[deleted]
Shit take
😂
clown
STFU
Am I insane or are the helmets way shinier and more reflective than usual?
Dome stadium lighting makes them look that way.
This is fine.
2020
”Misleading” :D
[deleted]
At least the offense seems to have something going...
“Fuck”
[deleted]
Good stuff
"Teams have no fear of an outside game this season. Especially since we are light at TE, seems like having a big bodied guy opposite Hollywood would help create some space for our short-game.

I know he isn't who has was, but he wouldn't be here if he hasn't shown he can run a go/slant.

We don't have a ton of weapons, but it seems like we could be a bit more creative in forcing matchups."
[deleted]
"If I understood this right, I think you’re saying that JK is work horse RB instead of Gus? (I may have misinterpreted, my bad)

If so I disagree. I don’t really see JK being like that. I think we shouldn’t use JK so often as he’s just a rookie and we shouldn’t create too much wear and tear on him. 

Gus has proven why he’s called “the Bus”, he barrels through defenders and is always reliable in getting those crucial few yards. 

That’s just my opinion tho"
Where’s THIS offense been???
I don’t know but I fucking love it.
Boys making me proud right now
"This offense is playing amazingly, it’s incredible"
"Was that last drive that ended in a RB running it in for a TD, did they figure something out or is all of this just false hope and wishful thinking"
[deleted]
All of which have suited up in a ravens uniform
"Between INTs, FFs, and FRs, Marcus Peters is responsible for *EIGHT* turnovers so far this season."
RAVENS
Do you guys think that Juiceman will be a first ballot Hall of Famer one day?
I was worried that peters wouldn’t look as good as he usually does with Humphrey out. Holy fuck we actually have two elite corners
"Marcus Peters was just credited with his 30th interception in his 85th career game

The last 2 players to reach 30 INTs in their first 85 games... Hall of Famers Deion Sanders and Ed Reed

\#RavensFlock

***

posted by [@NFLResearch](https://twitter.com/NFLResearch)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
**Ravens legends Ed Reed and Deion Sanders**
What a challenge flag by Harbs!
I knew wearing my Peters jersey today was a good move
"The more I watch his int, the more I buy it. He may have great control of the ball, but he's the only one on it before it gets knocked out. Calling it a fumble makes sense, and then we recover. I didn't agree at first, but seeing it more, I think it was the right call."
"Meanwhile if Marlo, for the rest of his career, creates forced fumbles at HALF the pace he has this season, he has a credible chance of cracking the top ten all time for FF... as a fucking cornerback. Everyone else on that list is LB,DL,Edge."
Would be cool but I’m going to trust the coaching staff on deciding what kind of role he’s ready to play today.
Just confused as to why we didn’t have him in the two times we were in the red-zone.
How do y’all feel about Willie Snead’s performance these past two games ??
"Mr. Reliable. When everything goes to shit, Willie's still out there making plays."
He’s playing like he has finally realized his job is on the line.
Plays hard and does what is asked of him. Glad to have him on the team.
He’s a solid guy but 3rd option at best.
Textbook WR3.
"A lot more positively than earlier in the season. I think he's really figuring out what he needs to do to be successful in the offense this year, and is showing some nice YAC moves.

He's still a WR3, but hes really doing some shit the past few weeks."
Dudes a dawg these past few games when the ball comes his way dude makes plays. Miss his ramen hair doe
"He does his job, not much to say about him. He isn’t fantastic or anything. Neither Is he bad, he’s just mediocre."
"I really loved him in 2018, was my favorite player that year. seems like he always fought for every yard especially on 3rd down. last year he kinda dissapeared but the last 2 games he seems to be getting back to that mentality this year"
"When he’s schemed up, he always comes through. I love that guy."
"I like Snead as a reliable #3 or 4. But when he got caught last week in the open field by a linebacker last week (I believe it was #41), i lost all faith lol."
[deleted]
""
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Broke the Broncos record of 30
Someone post this on r/nfl
LETS FUCKING GOOO
We have the Pats next week there offense hasn’t been able to stay on the field all year so we should hopefully extend it to 32.
[deleted]
Does it count even though 7 of those points were a defensive TD?
""
"Glad they got it together, Harbs probably yelled at them"
"Today solidifies what we saw with Pitt. Lamar is growing. Defense did their job no doubt. But Lamar was able to put together solid drives from behind to take a 2 TD lead. He's growing and they makes me happy. After the heartbreaking fumble after the drive starting the 3rd, they came out and put another one together. I might be wrong, but this might be there first time Lamar has won a game while trailing at the half. That's growth."
Big facts
LOL take my upvote
Lmfaoo
"Ah yes, my go to move when I need to pick it up in MW"
Pro gamer move
That and you gotta scoot your chair up so your one foot from the tv.
Lamar really put the team on his back
That was legit the first time I've ever seen us make a half time adjustment.
lmaoo
Exactly n I love it
😂😂
Pro Gamer Move.
I hope lamar did some yelling
Better play calling after the half
Have an upvote!
"The halftime speech he must’ve given these boys... scary 
Imagine what he could do to a team that plays in the first half 👀"
Would shell out some serious dough to be in that locker room at half.
"first time ive ever seen someone call him John H

upvoted"
He probably just stared at them like a disappointed dad
Probably just yelled at Roman
Am I missing something? Was there a speech at the half?
A lot of assumptions going on here.
[deleted]
"Good looks bro, hope you seal your division with a dub on the Steelers in a few weeks"
""
This poor kid will go through life looking like a concerned mother.
[deleted]
Can you do us a solid and beat the Steelers? ✌️
""
This fits the Chiefs game too
Big Facts
...
Lamar finished with a 82% completion percentage (19/23)
NOBODY BEATS THE RAVENS 21 TIMES IN A ROW WHEN LOSING AT HALF. LET THIS BE A LESSON TO YOU ALL.
A hard fought win. We need a big win next week to boost our confidence for the Titans game
Give me more offense like the second half
Hats off to Wink and the defense. After a week with little prep and key starters out they still played an amazing game
Anyone else cheering for the best rivalry in the NFL renewed? The undefeated Steelers vs the legendary 2-6 cowboys?
"Credit where credit is due, the coaching staff came out at halftime and had a PERFECT gameplan. Shoutout to Harbaugh and Roman (and Wink was great all day)"
This is a big win MENTALLY. The talk is always about how the Ravens cant come back after being down and they did it and they did it in a dominating fashion. Gus doesnt fumble in the RZ and the score looks even worse.
Now Roman if you can call every game like you called that 2nd half we're going to go far. Please keep that up
WE WON A GAME WE WERE LOSING AT HALFTIME!!!!
1-9 when trailing at the half bitches!!!
"For the past few weeks I've silently been thinking that all this adversity the team's had, between the Chiefs game, the Steelers game, and Lamar's subpar play even in our losses, has been to expose us to adversity that we didn't really face last year. When we won we won by a shit ton last year, and so when we were down we didn't know what to do. 

But this year we've gotten a lot of reps in close games or games where we're down early. and I feel like this game was the first time where we handled that adversity with a ton of poise and prowess. Lamar threw us out of a deficit! That's been his achilles heel since he was drafted and he came out and hung dong in the second half today. Against an elite defense no less. I think that bodes really really well for us. The team that wins the super bowl is never the one that dominates the most, it's the one who knows how to win tough games the most."
Bugs Bunny must’ve gave the halftime speech
"Lamar is back, baby. Ravens in 4."
I hope this Lamar never leaves us again
We came from behind after halftime!
Any word on Campbell?
Colts fan coming in peace. GG. Y’all played great and we just couldn’t do anything on offense. Huge fan of Lamar and hope he gets better as the season goes on. Rooting for y’all if the colts can’t make it to the playoffs. GG and fuck the Steelers
First time not being in a game thread during the game and I feel so much better than most Sundays
"Everybody turn on the Steelers game!  Steelers getting fucked
Edit:  Actually never mind. They woke up"
What a big win against an AFC opponent
"Gutsy win, I love it. Great bounce back from last week. The defence put their stamp on this win - kept us in the game with two of their best starters out, allowing the offence to get in their rhythm. They stuck in there and made some great plays. Held the Colts to 0 pts in the second half. Our offence, and Lamar specifically, do deserve credit for bringing us back and making second half adjustments. Lamar played better this week, which was encouraging to see, especially against a great defence. They got into a rhythm and tightened things up, proud to see them bring us back. 

Also credit to Harbaugh for having the gall to challenge the potential Peters INT, and to Roman for changing things up in the second half. Big challenge in NE on Sunday night next week."
"Offense had 2019 vibes, awesome adjustments after the half."
"Even if they win, Pitt is getting exposed rn. We should've won that game"
"The Ravens have scored 21 points against the Colts, marking their 31st straight game with 20+ points

That streak is a new NFL record, one more game than the 2012-2014 Broncos - @NFLResearch"
"Another cool stat from this game:

Lamar Jackson has tied former Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino for the best start, 25-5, by a quarterback to begin his career."
Steelers are one of the worst 8-0 teams in recent history. Change my mind. That shit is fucking true.
Was Phillip Rivers really just stat padding? Pathetic.
Congratulations to you guys! Love seeing you win.
mp juiceman op
"Defense was so good today. Also, we were overdue a ""biased"" game from the refs."
>John Harbaugh right now in his post game presser says it’s a calf strain for Calais Campbell and it’s nothing serious. - @StaceyDales
"Today's halftime adjust will be the turning point of the season *if* the Ravens eventually win the Super Bowl in February. That's the type of adjustment you hope for when nothing's going right in the first half. The Ravens were a completely different team after the half; and the offense was in complete control against a very good defense.

Kudos to the John Harbaugh and the rest of the coaching staff!"
Where’s the people saying Lamar shouldn’t be extended? fuck off the sub bro with that shit that man has worked his ass off from the jump
"Lamar Jackson just earned his 1st career win after trailing at halftime (previously 0-6, incl. playoffs)

It's the Ravens' 1st win after trailing at the half since Wk 10, 2016, ending a streak of 20 straight losses (incl. playoffs) - that was the longest active streak in the NFL - @NFLResearch"
"Strong second half, after a 1st half where we didn’t deserve to win"
Oline is an issue but we schemed around it better in the 2nd half. That said WAY too many TFL even on dives up the middle.
Internet hugs 4 all! Love u guys
We beat indy at home for the first time and broke our no comeback from half streak. Today was a good day
That’s a good defense and Lamar seemed to gain some confidence in the 2nd. Looks looked good passing and when to run
"It was a great second half comeback - a comeback Lamar needed in his career.

The injuries were killers though. Nothing can be done about them but damn hope Cambell and Queen are ok."
Colts D is no joke. That second half performance is a solid foundation to build on.
"[Today, @Lj_era8 tied Hall of Famer Dan Marino for the most victories (25) in a QB’s first 30 regular season starts. - @PMGleason](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EmVKOcwW8AItgAt.jpg)"
Was just wondering why Dez Bryant wasn’t in at all while we were in the red-zone which is why I assume we brought him in for?
THE STEELERS ARE LOSING TO THE COWBOYS HAHAHA!!
The offense looked so much better in the 2nd half. It gives me some hope going forward that we could be getting better.
I think we're back. Dominant second half performance after being down against a decent defense.
Can we get more plays like in the 3rd Quarter? Our receivers running slants and drags instead of the usual hooks and out routes every play.
"The fact that I wasn't predicting plays before the snap in the second half is probably a good sign, and they should keep doing that."
"Really thought Rivers was gonna pick apart Bonds, like he did Jimmy Smith in his rookie year but Wink made some adjustments, and the defense played lights out. No Marlon, no Calais, no problem. Let’s get them back though. Big win, y’all!"
Phillip Rivers is an even bigger sore loser than Trump
Great win but seriously need to clean up the penalties
[deleted]
We looked dominant as fuck the second half let’s take that energy into the rest of the szn 😤
"I really hope the coaching staff is gonna rewatch second half three times this week. That’s how the playcalling should be done! Second half was amazing, both on offense as well as defense! 🙌"
Ravens came back better than Biden did with the mail-in ballots! Lmao
"I’m very happy with this win. Idk if we could go beat the Chiefs or the Steelers but we’re definitely building back up to that point, and this game is a huge step in that direction."
"So is this a “big game”? 

I have to admit I was shitting all over this team at the half (rightfully so) but the way we came back honestly means more to me than how we would just steamroll other teams. 

We stopped the streak of being losing 20 straight when being down at the half. For me that makes me excited.

I will still say that Roman needs to go after this year, but WTF happened with the play calling. It’s like we literally moved the ball at will and looked like the same team we were last year (despite being down our franchise LT)"
22 straight losses when losing by halftime that is absolutely ridiculous.. I’m hoping our franchise takes from this game and never gives up when we’re behind and and learns to make halftime adjustments. I’m not saying we’re now back in the mix to be contenders because it’s just 1 game but it sure as hell will if we keep playing like this on both sides of the ball.
I think this was a very important win — especially defeating the can’t come back from behind if down after halftime curse — i am excited for next week!
Ben hurt
Such a bail out call for pit against Dallas on that roughing the passer
Looks like the Cowboys are getting a dose of ref ball to hand the Sqealers another win.
It's remarkable how teams trip over themselves when trying to play the Steelers. Including us.
"That 4th and 3 Dobbins conversion felt like a turning point for the season, just like the Lamar 4th down TD vs Seattle last season."
"Lamar Jackson hit a LB so hard, he ended up crying like a bitch. I love it. Also Lamar hit two defenders at the same time. Dude is a beast."
"Mmmmmm 6-2 baby. Colts have a great defense, great second half to turn it up."
Don’t know what they eat a half but please keep feeding them. What an atrocious first half.
"Glad to see the coaching staff adjust at halftime and come out strong. If not for the Gus fumble the score could’ve been more. The defense did a great job too and didn’t really let up much after that first quarter. I’m still shaky on the offense cuz it is a 60 minute game and you can’t beat the chiefs or steelers in the playoffs when your offense sucks half the game, but I definitely saw steps in the right direction"
"That game reminded me of the second Browns game of last season. What a turnaround.

Hell yes"
"Tale of 2 halves, first half we played like garbage, second half offense woke up and the defense limited them to 1 yard in the 3rd quarter. Still a lot of room for improvement but I see us as a 10-12 win team this year"
"Didn’t see the game today, how’d Lamar look? Based on the stat line, looks like mostly short passes?"
"Top 3 Game in the Lamar Jackson-Era.

Staying elite vs. being an outsider to make the playoffs in an extremely strong AFC."
Maybe a start of a trend where we can come back when trailing🤔 Lamar played well after halftime
">The Ravens narrowly extended their streak of 100+ yard rushing games, finishing with 110 yards. - @ravens4dummies"
Can we just start playing at a high pace and tempo from the start. Lamar obviously does not play well at a slow pace.
I think the colts like screen passes
Can we stop looking like crap in the first half? This team has so much damn talent but every week it seems like they come out flat.
"i really don't know what changed at half, but we looked like last years team out there."
WTF happened at halftime?
"I couldn’t watch today because I was working, how did Dez look?"
Kinda sad Dez didn’t get a catch ngl
Only complaint is we didn’t get to see Dez.
MVP: 2nd half adjustments
Did Yannick even play today? I dont see his name in the box score.
We did not play that well but the Colts have a good defence and sometimes you just gotta win.
Hopefully this is the game that break the training curse.
"The colts post game thread is hilarious, they complain that the refs gave us the game because of the Peter’s int which admittedly is a questionable call at best , and the hit on Boyle (which was 100% clean there was no helmet to helmet contact) , as if the refs didn’t miss a dozen block in back calls on all their screen plays."
"I felt today when we were behind, we played like we were behind by the score we were behind. Before this, it feels like if we go behind by 3, the team (and the play calling) acts like we’re down by 30. I hope this is the turning point we need for this."
Man I wasn't able to watch the game yesterday but I checked in on the game thread a couple of times and by the way this sub was melting down you would think we were down 60 points.
That second half performance had flashes of last seasons dominance. I would like to see more of that.
This is how good we could've been previous weeks if refs didn't penalise us every 2 seconds. Finally managed to play a clean game and shows what we can really do.
wtf adjustment got made at half for real? did they just full on have somebody else call plays? did lamar just ask to do his thing?
I hate myself for not having and Truss sorry guys
"Guys I feel good.

The defense looked pretty hot all game. The offense really came alive in the second half. Most importantly, we played from behind and won. This could mark some big growth for this team. Feels real good."
Lamar doing what he does best in the second half really helped
"Honest discussion, what did you guys think about the Peters INT?"
What a fun second half! The Ravens are back!
"Great Defensive and offensive game. The 1st half was messy but the adjustments made won us this game. Huge congrats to Lamar on his completion rate, 19/23. The Oline stepped up in the 2nd half and let Lamar be shifty and extend the defense. Pass game looked... Good in the second half, oddly. Dont be put off by JKs statistically dismal game, as he made a few drives. Remember this Colts team is the number 2 rushing defense in the NFL. Thats about it. Mostly covering the bright spots."
"Thank the heavens Roman & Harbaugh made a halftime adjustment for our offense. If we continue to evolve/adjust and LET LAMAR COOK, my heart will be so much less stressed."
How to fix the Ravens offense: Four no-huddle snaps?
I'm most impressed with the way our team bounced back in the second half. Hallmark of a good team fr
I wonder if this will count as a big game lol.
the defense definitely needed a bounce back effort like that. Jackson also coming out of the game clean on turnovers is also good
"Quick question; PFF has Patrick Queen with a 32.2 grade this season, has he actually been that bad?"
"This is the exact win that this team needed but hasn’t gotten in the Lamar era. After watching this team deflate when they couldn’t get their game going, it’s really great to see them adjust, rise to the challenge and ultimately win. Granted the colts have a Philip rivers problem, but this is still the signature win of the season right now against an excellent defense."
"Our OL really needs help. 

Embarrassing seeing the Cowbos running over the steelers even with backup linemen and we struggle so much."
"Still have a lot of concerns about this team

1. The OL isn’t consistently good enough, which is understandable given Stanley and Yanda being gone. 

2. Lamar has dramatically regressed as a passer, particularly on deep balls (which they don’t even attempt anymore)

3. Teams have had a year to study film and that, coupled with the ineffective passing game, makes it harder to run. 

Not sure any of this is fixable, but they can probably scheme around it for a while."
We need to use Boykin more. I'm not convinced claypool is any better than Boykin but he draws a flag on what feels like 50% of his targets. Boykin could command the same treatment if he's vocal enough with the refs
Raven games aren't very fun to watch nowadays
"This game felt like a litmus test for both teams -- which one is in the 2nd tier of AFC teams (along with Buffalo, Tennessee) and which is in the third tier (Oakland, Cleveland).  

Ravens, despite a terrible start, were clearly the better team. I think we're firmly a wildcard team, and should probably be the 5th seed. Just need to hope to get hot come that time."
[deleted]
You probably jinxed it. It should be coming soon. He’s slowly breaking down. A different injury on the injury report every week. Love Jimmy though
Fucking delete this you dolt
[removed]
""
"While you're here, come see us on the Ravens Discord. [https://discord.gg/h6Zakuvaer](https://discord.gg/h6Zakuvaer)"
"I MISS HIM SO MUCH

Great work btw."
[deleted]
""
"Lol, ""professional"" debaters."
""
A few years ago Ben wore a walking boot on his *non-injured* leg so the injured one wouldn’t be targeted in the game. Tomlin is a sneaky SOB.
Fat Ben is a tough fucker I hate him but the dude does not go down easily
that's peak shittsburgh right there
Nothing his trusty walking boot can’t fix!
it’s duck time boys 😈
Ben’s a great faker. One of theee best👍.
And now he’s on the COVID list
How many times has this dude played hurt. Seriously we all remember when Ngata broke his nose and didn’t he finish the game?
Ben is like if Shrek was a Saiyan.
I guess the refs aren’t taking money as payment anymore...
Bring out the painkillers!
"Ben and his tall tales. 🙄

Dude loves to exaggerate how injured he is."
"Listen up, kids. You want to know who was tough? The Elite MFing Dragon. That's who is tough. Joe took the same hits as Ben. He would just go out there and play. Torn ACL? Fuck you all, I can line up in shotgun. You didn't hear about it from Joe sometimes until \*weeks\* after he'd been hurt, like a thigh injury that limited him for half a season. Remember Kiko Alonso knocking him out, on a dirty play? You probably do. Remember what Joe said about it, afterward? ""It was an NFL play."" Never complained, and if he could help it, you never even knew.

Fuck this drama queen."
"lol this is so on point! The second I saw this I was like...I'm sure he will say ""I'm fine"" and sure enough LOL"
At least we don’t have to deal with him after this year since he said he was going to ride out his current deal and then who knows what’s gonna happen to a broken down Ben
Is Pittsburgh’s backup still Hodges and/or Rudolph
He hasn't reached his final form yet
"I don't get why so many people in here insist that he fakes injuries.  The man took an absurd amount of sacks in the first half of his career, and that wear and tear builds up.  He's avoided season ending injury most of the time, but I guarantee you he's been playing with chronic pain for a long time.  Adrenaline takes care of most of that once the game gets going, but as an athlete I can tell you the day after is brutal.  This is why he's constantly on the injury report.  Also, the NFL requires teams to report injuries accurately, so Ben is supposed to be honest about whatever pain he's feeling.  It's not drama, it's him following protocol. 

I understand why it gets old hearing about how ""tough"" he is from commentators all the time, I really do.  I don't really think he should be praised any more than any other player, since I promise you most linemen and other guys who deal with the bulk of the contact are dealing with chronic pain in some way from all the built up damage to their bodies.  It's part of the game of football.  However, to suggest that Ben is faking injuries is asinine.  He's injured, just not seriously enough to keep him out of the game.  He's not on social media whining about how much pain he's in, he's just listed on the injury report because he's REQUIRED TO BE if he's injured.  That's it.  It's not his fault the media jumps all over it every time."
Dude is tough as nails but football has likely messed up his body for life.
"You know, I wish one of the chicks he raped took him out. Maybe he will reinjure his elbow beating off to porn. Seriously fuck Ben."
"When people were talking about Ben being back this year, I said, he won't make it through the season without injuries. It's been awhile since he played all 16 games in a season."
""
EDC at it again! 👏
"Ravens CB Tavon Young agreed to a reworked deal in which $2.514M of his base salary for 2020 was converted into a signing bonus &amp; his non-guaranteed $5.5M base salary in 2021 was dropped to $2.65M guaranteed. Cap space for Ravens, guarantees for Young, who has been oft-injured.

***

posted by [@FieldYates](https://twitter.com/FieldYates)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
wonder if that means they are gonna try and pickup another corner
It’s looking like we are going to sign someone then probably Tramon Williams to a one year deal.
"Probably a good deal for both sides.

Ravens get some cap space this year/next year, Tavon gets more guaranteed money and virtually assures that he's gonna be on the team in 2021, so he won't be looking for a new team coming off an ACL tear in a year where the cap is much lower."
Nice. Seems like a fair deal for both sides and helps us with cap space
"i really wish he could stay healthy. when he has been on the field, he's really solid."
"I honestly really like this. Not only do we get to cut his salary because of the injuries, but in case he comes back and does something, we can keep him. Tavon is a really good CB that just has shit luck with injuries. The question is how will he recover, and if he has a good recovery and avoids future injuries, this could be an excellent deal."
He's not the guy I would've chosen for a restructure.
""
Duv needs more touches. Look no further than Snead getting ran down by Spillane for reasons why.
Duv is fast af!
Get that man the ball!
His acceleration when he turns the corner on that kick return is insane
Duvernay IS speed!
Duvernay NEEDS to get the ball more
""
fuck covid>>>fuck the steelers
Vaccine news is promising at least
"fuck the steelers but I hope nobody gets it too bad.

&#x200B;

....except maybe the rapist"
"They have all the luck, so I’m sure he’ll pass all his tests and be back for the game."
Damn hopefully its all good
Does this affect playing time on Sunday? Big Ben is on that list.
"Not only did Flacco pass Montana in yardage for his career, but he did it by doing what he did for the majority of his career in Baltimore: chucking up a beautiful deep ball for a TD, to non other than PERRIMAN.

2020 is wild."
To Perriman no less
Where was this dynamic duo 3-5 years ago?!?
"Plus that ending was classic 2-minute Flacco:

Jets need to get in field goal range or at least move the chains to burn some clock. Flacco checks-down, gets sacked, and then overthrows a guy to go 3-and-out, leaving the opponent enough time to march down the field and score a field goal of their own."
\#FreeJoe
Looked like 2010-2012 Joe.
The current usage of iconic is approaching wholesome status. But I do agree with the gist of your idea.
"11/15: SNF at Patriots

11/26 (Thanksgiving): SNF Thanksgiving special at Steelers

12/3: TNF vs. Cowboys

12/14: MNF at Browns

Out of all of these games, the only home game is TNF against Dallas. I'm hoping wear all black for that game. 😈"
"Nice, get to have my sunday afternoons free."
"Thursday into Thursday into Monday is amazing scheduling for us. If you have to have 2 Thursday games, back to back is the best way to do it, and then we go from the second one into an 11 day break before a Monday night game"
And suddenly it sucks to live in Europe :(
Hard to believe Thanksgiving is just two weeks away.
"This will be fun. A great chance to redeem themselves after the only other primetime Ravens game this season. And the only non primetime game in this mix is the Titans. Excited!

Also FYI edit the 11/26 to TNF."
Makes me feel like a fool for getting Sunday Ticket this season.....
"We could honestly go 4-0 in these games. Cowgirls will be starting some random qb along with an awful defense, we can probably play at 70% and beat them. Pats d is still decent but their offense is devoid of playmaking and cam is broken right now. Steelers we already almost beat while having 100 penalty yards and 4 turnovers, if we cut down mistakes we should definitely beat them. And...the browns are the browns. We should be sitting at 10-2 and maybe the steelers will have lost another one and we’ll be in good position to take the division. I mean at worst I’d see us getting through this at 2-2 I just don’t think the cowboys or pats have the offensive ability to beat us, even when our offense sucks we end up scoring over 20."
"Hooray, I can watch just Redzone instead of Redzone on my TV and the Ravens on my computer now"
"Fuck....

As a European using Gamepass this is a royal PITA because the new layout spoils the results since this season.

Edit: I found how to hide the scores... It's a weird ass button but it's right there when you click on your account name... How did I miss that."
As a fan in Europe this is going to wreck my sleep schedule.
Ugh... gonna have to tell my boss that I need a few days off it seems.
"4-1 record in the next 5, with a win vs Pitt, is preferred if not 5-0. 3-2 could really suck seeing as how we SHOULD end the season on a 3-0 streak. Would much rather be trending 13-3 than 12-4 since Pitt is still undefeated late in the season."
I love how the one that isn’t primetime is against the Titans which would make one of the better primetime games
Time for Lamar to prove he CAN win big  primetime games and shut everybody up! Lets remind them why he won MVP last year
I loved when we wore black jerseys and purple pants vs the browns. It looked fucking sick
...somehow i'm working all of those
Theres no chance we dont black out our jerseys right?
Here in the UK and very envious! Just booked 4 more mornings off work! Cheers for the update
Damnit i work the 3rd and 14th.
Not really good to wake up at 2 am in Europe :(
"Hi everyone! Sorry if this post doesn’t fit here, I’m trying to figure this out and I appreciate all the help in advance

My name is Isaac I’m from New York. Me and my girlfriend are diehard ravens fans and we’ve been dying to go to a game together. I noticed that the November 22nd game at home against the titans is limited attendance and I wanted to know how (if possible) I could get my hand on some tickets. I read online that they offer the tickets to season ticket holders only, and if by the off chance anyone here has season tickets and can’t attend, I’d love to purchase the tickets from you.

Her birthday is that week and it would be SO amazing if we could drive down for a game.

Thank you all and go ravens!!!"
"For the Steelers game, a lot of season ticket holders sold on stubhub anyway. Just be prepared to pay several times face value."
"I heard they let the season holders have first dibs, the other tickets will be released to the public a few days before the game"
"There’s a lottery for tickets. Season ticket holders I think are first up for them, and I think anyone else who wants them probably has to go stubhub for people selling tickets they got to buy through the lottery"
""
The live production nerd in me is only looking at that epic rigging and line array waaaaaay up there.
https://twitter.com/shawn_hubbard/status/1325897266624917505?s=21
Such a great shot!
Shawn Hubbard is the goat of NFL photography. His work is epic.
They literally have a banner for their 41-0 wild card loss in 2002 lmao
Watch out they make try to steal him in the middle of the night along with most of those banners.
Looking at all those banners
[deleted]
[deleted]
I was thinking about this recently. I don't think we really have that ONE iconic WR. But maybe I'm just not remembering someone. I know we've always had problems getting WRs but out of everyone we've had who do you think is the best?
"Best receiver that has played for the Ravens? Steve Smith Sr. Best Ravens receiver? Derrick Mason, easy"
"Derrick Mason.

People will say Boldin for his playoff perfomance when we won the Super Bowl, but Mason was a better all around receiver and was with the team for twice as long."
"Count me in for Derrick Mason as well. 

He was such a critical part of the team in those early Flacco years. I’ll never forget him catching a TD with a dislocated shoulder (I think that’s what it was, some kind of shoulder injury) against Dallas in 2008."
"I'd lean toward Anquan Boldin, though Derrick Mason and Steve Smith Sr. are good options too"
Tandon Doss
"Mason 
Boldin 
Smith Sr 

Smith Sr is the best of the 3 but his time in Baltimore was limited"
Michael Jackson RIP
Derek Mason
Dez
Boldin
Best homegrown is Torrey and best ever is Derrick Mason.
"I gotta go with Steve Smith Sr he was just so physical for his size and sooooooo much fun to watch. He was born to be a Raven and should 100% be in the HOF. 

Boldin is my 2nd choice had a great career also (HOF worthy imo) and was HUGE in getting us a superbowl. 

Mason might be the default answer for most bc he was here longer than Boldin and SSR so he has more yards and what not but he was not better than those 2 still love him though."
"The fact that *nobody* has said Randy Hymes, proves to me that this sub is full of bots and bandwagoners."
"1. Derrick Mason
2. These spots
3. Intentionally Left
4. Blank out of respect
5. For Derrick Mason
6. Anquan Boldin
7. Torrey Smith
8. Hollywood Brown"
Michael Jackson
Yeah the problem is the best we've managed to draft was Torrey and we didn't bother keeping him.
"Boldin the most important in terms of team history, crucial to the SB win."
I'm with everyone on Mason.
"Anquan Boldin. It's not his fault he didn't have as many years as others, and we all saw what happened to the offense after Flacco never got another receiver at the same level."
"Strictly ravens tenure = mason

Best in playoffs = Q

Best ever to be a raven no matter the duration = TO if you count the two days he was a raven. Lol.

If not which is understandable it's a tie between Q and SSSr."
Campanaro
Mason by a long shot. I’m 24 and Mason was all I knew throughout my childhood. On 3rd and long it was either him or Heap every time.
Man y'all crazy it torrey smith
"I feel like if Travis Taylor had player with better QBs he'd be in this conversation, but since he didn't I'd go with Boldin.  Mason had more good years but Boldin is the only time it's felt like we had a WR that could dominate the other teams defense."
I'd say Boldin but Mason and Smith Sr. are great picks as well.
"Just want to say that when derick mason was on our team, our number 1 target was always Todd Heap. Yes, mason was our only good WR for many years and spent more years on our team than Boldin or SSr....but he doesn’t deserve to rank higher than Boldin or SSr"
Mason for sure. But I loved jacoby jones
"Not much love for Jacoby in this thread. Maybe he wasn't the best true wr, but I don't think there's an offensive player who made more miraculous plays than he did. (I'm considering kr touchdowns as miraculous plays, if you're wondering)"
"Mason

Boldin

Torrey

SSSr

It's a pretty steep cliff after that.."
"1. Mason
2. Bold in
3. Steve Smith
4. Torrey Smith"
Jeremy Maclin 😤😤
Breshad Perriman
""
My exact words were “it’s a close game why would you waste a timeout on a stupid challenge” 😹 stood corrected
"I was surprised too but colts fans really need to shut up about that call. That’s not why they lost, they lost cuz rivers is washed and can’t do anything when they actually play a good defense"
"Harbaugh pulled a very Belichick move having a better understanding of the rule book than the fans, announcers and refs. Respect it. Super Bowl guaranteed."
I’ve always liked the idea of challenging big plays... if it doesn’t work you get like a four minute time out anyways if it works your team is rewarded. It only bites you back if you’re in a two minute drill playing from behind. But we’ve always had pretty good clock management so it didn’t phase me
"Am I the only one who thought it was a catch? That was my first reaction, he took 4-5 steps with the ball in his possession, then lost it on his was down I thought it was a catch and fumble the whole way through"
"Thought it was dumb, but I was wrong. According to Gene, 3 steps with ball contact constitutes control"
[deleted]
"Hoping to pick up some tickets and attend, but no secondary market tickets are showing up yet.

Anyone have an idea when they are being put up for sale with PSL owners?"
"PSL owners have submitted requests for the lottery.  The Raven's organization will begin fulfilling those requests tomorrow - November 11.  Once tickets are paid for, the owners will be transferred the mobile tickets. That's my understanding, anyway.   

If buyers don't pay, they get offered to another owner. It can take a few days for all tickets to be allocated."
"I was wanting to do the same thing for the titans game or cowboys. I emailed the ravens ticket people, what ^^ that guy said plus any leftover tickets will be put on the market a few days before the game. 
I’m really hoping they aren’t too expensive"
""
Torrey Smith: genuinely good guy
I love Torrey so much.
Torrey is a great Baltimorean regardless of where he plays or lives.
"
We are partnering with @recnparks to run the programming at Hilton Rec Center! We have been working for over a year to figure out how we can maximize the potential that we see in Baltimore. Visit 

***

posted by [@TorreySmithWR](https://twitter.com/TorreySmithWR)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1326170165688594433/pu/pl/VsbrPcO2pSH8TVaX.m3u8?tag=10) | 
[Link in Tweet](http://Level82.org)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"I feel like the biggest question mark is offensive play calling, but I’m more confident in this team after the second half of the Colts game."
"I feel confident that we'll win at least one playoff game, who knows after that. We're incredibly good but also flawed, too."
Injuries worry me more than the performance right now.
"I prefer us as the underdogs, so if we don't win the divison and have to play one more game to not be a top 4 seed with high expectations I'm ok with that"
"I feel it's gonna be an uphill climb to win the division, but with how well we've been playing in the road, I dont think that'll make much difference. Just gotta hope we get seeded well for the playoffs. Then let's win a fucking game, Fuck!"
"I’m worried less about the play calling and more worried about the execution and depth on the o-line. 

I don’t love all the play calling, but hope it’s being used the right way to hide our weaknesses and exploit the favorable matchups. Loved the high tempo change up to start the second half.

I worry when our injuries catch up with us. Losing Stanley is a tough pill to swallow. Calais will be back, but when, etc."
"Idk if we win the division. The steelers are pretenders tho abd they will be exposed on thanksgiving and then I predict they’re out the first round of the playoffs.

I think we hvae the ability to go all the way if Roman isn’t a total fucking idiot and calls the games the way he did on sunday and he lets lamar play to his strengths. Im worried about KC (obvs) but that’s really it, although I could obviously see us losing to other teams if we dont fix the playcalling."
"I think we definitely have the potentially to go all the way even with all the injuries. We have the talent on d to stop the chiefs, we just need some offensive consistency on the part of Lamar and Roman to match that. I’ll never count us out cuz the league is unpredictable, lots of stuff can happen and there can be lots of calls that help us and go against us. If bad roman and turnover Lamar show up again in the playoffs we’re going 1 and done again. But if the offense actually moves the ball and we can keep mahomes off the field and we beat the chiefs, we can win the Super Bowl vs any nfc team"
The O line and WRs are my biggest worries
"I feel we're good, but I'm always skeptical about how we're going to play. 

I realize Lamar can get a lot of flack on our losses, but adapting from one of the best O-lines suited for him to one that is below that can be difficult and really ruin your groove. 

Our defense plays amazingly and allows Lamar the ability to be able to make mistakes. It seems like when Lamar is hot, our team is unstoppable. I think it all starts with the run game (beating that dead horse) and when Lamar gets comfortable playing, he goes off. 

This season is going to rest on Roman and Lamar. Our defense will step up as they always have. If Lamar is hot, we'll win games, but if he's not, it's up to Roman to tailor our offense to allow Lamar to gain confidence. We saw how Roman can mess up play calling with the Steelers and I'm hoping it doesn't happen again this season."
Fine.
Cautiously optimistic.. because I'm a Ravens fan and I know how we do..
"I don’t know if they’re hoping he gets injured or what. Be all I ever hear is “he’s gonna get hurt” and shit like that. He’s no more likely to get hurt than anyone else imo. I feel like a qb getting blind sided in the pocket is more dangerous than getting tackled open field. Also, why doesn’t anyone say that about anyone else? Kyler Murray, Russ, Mahomes, etc. if any of them get hurt their team is in a much worse position immediately. Yet it’s only discussed about Lamar. So annoying."
There will be a Twitter parade if he ever gets hurt
"Look at daks injury. He’s not even a run oriented qb and he got hurt. Football is a dangerous sport and injury is a possibility for anyone. However, if you look at the way Lamar runs, he doesn’t really take big hits and his agility is so insane he just bends out of stuff that would kill a guy like Philip rivers and makes it just look soft. He still needs to work on sliding but he’s protected himself well this year. That is just a dumb media talking point coming from dudes who don’t even watch our games"
"Rothlesberger had a major injury last year and is banged up, Brees had a big injury, Rodgers has had many, Manning had a few season enders, Garrapolo is on IR currently, Mahomes dislocated his knee last year, yet I somehow never hear how pocket passers are likely to get injured
Maybe playing QB just lends yourself to being injured"
I never understood why mobile qb's get this stereotype when Aaron Rodgers got injured a lot
"OP this isn’t a bad take. In fact this is probably a correct take, but I think you’re misconstruing what “hurt” means.

Big Ben’s arm, Tom Brady’s knee, Peyton’s Neck, Rodger’s clavicle, or for a recent example Dak’s (and Kyle Allen’s) ankle, all freak accidents. And if Lamar has anything similar to this it will be that, a freak accident and in no part due to the fact he runs a ball. 

However, when someone insights extra contact they will get hurt. This is why RBs have such a short career after all. There body wears down over time. And we’ve seen this in other quarterbacks before, whether is Andrew Luck who just took so much punishment his body had something nagging all the time, or like Cam Newton, who’s physical style ended up with him needing surgery and learning to correct his throwing motion.  

That’s my fear with Lamar, that in 7 years the punishment he has taken may make it harder to stay on the field or leave him damaged in a way that is not so easily treated.

Why isn’t this brought up with Kyler, Russ, Josh Allen, or the like? They don’t have 12 rushing attempts a game. They are using their arms to set up their legs, where as Lamar uses his legs (and the run game as a whole praise be the Gus Bus) to set up his arm. He didn’t get compared to Michael Vick for nothing, the dude runs! Like a lot! I just hope he can start cutting back and work on being a pocket passer at an elite level, not just a QB at an elite level."
It’s a nice indicator that the analyst doesn’t actually watch film. So you can easily dismiss whatever they say. Just ignore these people and you’ll no longer be “tired” of them.
Saying a football player is going to get hurt is like saying its going to rain some day. Of course it will rain eventually.
"This year:

Dak, moderately mobile.

Allen, pocket passer

Darnold, pocket passer

Lock, pocket passer

Garappolo, pocket passer

Last year:

Brees, pocket passer

Mahomes, pocket passer

Alex Smith, moderately mobile

Last ten years:
Carson, pocket passer

Brady, pocket passer

Flacco, pocket passer

Am I missing some running QBs, sure but there are a lot of statutes getting rolled up on."
"Mahomes literally fucked up his knee cap and yet no one is concerned about his shelf life 

On that note tho, I hope that Lamar goes the Russel Wilson/Tom Brady route and decides to spend a $1 million of self care on his body a year. I want to see Lamar play a long time and spending that much money to still play a long time just seems like a minor investment in my eyes"
"No one says this about Allen or Murray. Murray is excellent at avoiding contact, but is arguably much more fragile in terms of build/height/frame."
[deleted]
""
""
Coach has two copies of the Q factor and the harry potter books showing lol.
I hope they never stop doing these with Billick. He is so interesting to listen to.
Loved that heads up play by Gus Edwards 0:41
""
Yay its time to bully a few more practice squad Patriots Receivers
"nice ball, shame if someone punched it!"
Hopefully he stops going out all the time now
Receivers should just slide when Humphrey comes there way
"PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD MARLO STOP, THAT BALL HAD A FAMILY 😭😭😭"
Is this confirmed?
Did anyone order fruit punch?!
Ravens by 60 this week
[deleted]
Loved that heads up play by Gus Edwards at 0:41
[deleted]
[deleted]
Should this really be attributed to Harbaugh? I would think someone in the booth would be making that call most of the time.
Wait when was the 3 challenge game?
"Quick question, do you work directly for the Ravens organization? Cause these graphics looks just like the ones the media team puts out"
didnt tomlin have like a 2 year streak of no challenges won? his rate is higher than i would have expected
"This kind of stat is interesting, and I think the Tomlin/Harbaugh comparison is fair, but for coaches who have been around significantly longer (BB, Reid, and prior-era guys), this really needs to be era-adjusted.  Back when they didn't automatically review all scoring plays and automatically review anything close that they decided they want to, there was a lot more low-hanging fruit to make successful challenges and drive that percentage up."
Bruh we never get calls go our way
""
In case anyone wants to be reminded of the disappointing losses all day at work
[removed]
""
"So he's 37, but PFF had him as a top 10 corner last season and he played all 16 games. I think this is a low risk high reward signing."
Rest of the league is happy now that they don’t have to face Terrell Bonds the GOAT anymore 😈
He's amazing for such a old guy. Almost every Packer fan wanted him back but we didn't have room on our roster. He's a veteran who knows the game and plays amazing despite his old age. He's a fantastic player both on and off the field and is a great leader for the younger guys.
Another reason for RogerstoJordy to just become a ravens fan already
good we desperately need depth and adding a veteran will always help
"Yesssss! Hes still playing good even though hes older pretty versatile to. Id still prefer Jimmy and Peters on the outside with Marlon in the slot when everyones healthy. Id like to see him play the role Jimmy was doing early in the season/Carrs role last year. 

Bottom line hes better than Bonds and Averrett so im happy."
"On top of a good PFF rating, his highlights in the comments are nice. 

The important takeaway is that he should start in place of Bonds fairly quickly. He was lined up in the slot for most of the plays in that video. The fact he played a full season in 2019 just makes the signing even better."
"Tramon has always been amazing for us, he is a stellar veteran CB, I’m sad to see him go but I hope y’all do great with him!"
"As part Packer fan, I love this. His pick six against Atlanta in the divisional round against Atlanta will always give me chills."
Slot is locked up. He’s still able to play at a high level.
Jimmy's knees sent EDC a large fruit basket for this signing. Jimmy is still 🔥 th0
"I can't here to ask if Brandon Carr was dead, but judging by the comments, maybe this guy is just better?"
I mean at this point we just need warm bodies so I’m fine with this
This signing will get 1% as much attention as Dez and will be 50x more impactful.
This is a great late season signing for a position of serious need. Now Marlon can play outside a bit more and the rookies will have time to grow into their roles.
"We have signed CB Tramon Williams to the 53-man roster and placed Khalil Dorsey (shoulder) on IR. 

We have also signed OT R.J. Prince and DB Nate Brooks to the practice squad. 

***

posted by [@Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EmfWJcSW8AEkapy.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
How did we sign Tramon to the 53 man but Dez HAD to go through the practice squad? I am so confused
""
Burrows plan to take over the AFCN just has Lamar in a cage followed by “Wait for the Steelers to expose themselves” lol
Pretty funny 😆
[Academic Heisman lmaoo](https://imgur.com/a/c4EoJfk)
"Herbert: “I’m up! Now I’m down!”

Burrow: “I’m used to no guards”

Bro this is too funny"
They should of had Lamar wearing his glasses 😂
[deleted]
I very much appreciate jon but there was too much flacco ~~slander~~ libel in this for me
"I was on a run today because it was awesome out. The turn around point in my run has a small loop. I passed him going one way, and thought is that Ozzie? On the other side of the loop I asked him and was confirmed. Very nice guy, and thanked him for building a great organization. Gave me a second wind on my 3 miles back."
I thought the story would end with him offering you tendies
I bet your username checked out after that encounter. Cool story!
I've met him before too! Sad to say I was wearing an Auburn shirt and he gave me shit for it. Lol.
"I would've just hugged him from behind and whispered ""thank you"" in his ear"
"I met him in a tiny ass dive bar in Buffalo last year on the Saturday before the Bills game. My brother and I were the last Ravens fans to talk to him before his food came, so he seemed a little exhausted, but he still took pictures with us."
"Hi everyone! I'm not sure if anyone remembers, but I did a study in team subs where I tracked the approval rating of coaches to see how it changed during the year. I was doing one for preseason, and now it's time to do my midseason update. After getting all the results I'm going to do a big post on [r/nfl](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/) (probably on Friday)

[Here are the preseason results if you want to see](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/gkepzh/coach_approval_ratings_according_to_nfl/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jrw7xs)"
Seriously this is a valid poll? Should be 100% approval
I need to see the Jets results.
"Harbaugh has his flaws like any other really good coach but goddamn am I grateful that he’s our HC. My main gripe with him is about unleashing our rookies other than Queen. We’ve seen Duvernay and Dobbins be effective with the ball in their hands, give them more snaps and touches is all I ask. We’ve gotta take advantage of our young guys while they’re on rookie deals as much as possible."
Anyone who says disapprove is trolling
Whys anyone questioning harbs? Hes a top tier coach and I hope were lucky enough to have him for another 20 years. He will figure out his coordinator situation.
I was always on board with harbs even when he was on the hot seat a couple years back
I wish I could find that clip I came across a while back of him talking to the media coming out of his interview for the HC job. The way he interacted with the media and how poised he looked tells you everything you need to know about Harbs
""
of Marcus Peters ready to fight after that late Colt’s hit? The official highlights cut away right after the play.
I've been looking for it too and couldn't find it either
"This is a bit off topic, but does anyone remember a meme video where someone wanted to fight a Ravens player (I think Peters?) outside the locker room, and they dubbed the player's voice to be some dude pathetically saying ""what the fuck"" over and over.

I was looking for it but couldn't find it.

edit: it was Ramsey who wanted to fight Peters I believe"
We play so much better on the road than at home for some reason with Lamar
"Yes, we’re good on the road so I wouldn’t mind an away game. I also feel like we might be better without so much pressure and expectations. Lamar’s first trip to the playoffs, it was like, is he the prodigy that can save this team? Last year was wow they’re going to the Super Bowl! I think not being the huge, glaring focus of all eyes of the NFL might help us."
"Why do you think we are not winning the division? We have traded plenty of wins in Pittsburg, and anyone who watched that last game besides Steelers fans know one team only was stopped with turnovers and penalties. I am pretty confident we can beat them on Thanksgiving, and I doubt they go 15-1. They are a good team, not a great team, but have a soft ass schedule. I think the Chiefs are much better than they are"
I wouldn’t mind an away playoff game. Kinda tired of disappointing home losses
"It doesn't matter to me how we get in.

I would not be surprised to see Pitt go 15-1 14-2.
They don't stand a chance in the playoffs.  They will be one and done."
I love the ravens as an underdog. The team has always been better that way. Give me a wild card spot any day of the week.
"I can see the team dropping 3 more games. Things happen and nothing is given. If they can make it in, regardless of seeding, I believe they will do what needs to be done. The last 2 exits still burn and that fire will burn fierce. I just want the offense to start having fun again."
After last season I thought about the fact that we have pretty much always been underdogs - and thrived in that role. Grinding out tough wins against favored teams seems to be part of the Raven DNA
"Yes. Historically, playing as the under dog seems to put a welcome damper on this team's overconfidence which messed them up in the Titans game last year, and the Chiefs and Steelers games this year. They commit errors and penalties and over run plays on defense and take unwise chances on offense instead of being patient and executing their game."
"I'll take us as a 12-4 type strong wild card team. Can we go on the road and beat a team like the Bills or Titans? Absolutely.

It will be a good chance for us to be the underdogs for once and hopefully get our first playoff win under Lamar.

And lets say we finally win our first wild card game, we've thrown off the stigma that we can't win playoff games and we face a lucky 14-2 Pittsburgh team that has been playing awful teams all season? I'll take us to win that too.

We could make the AFCCG as long as we win the wild card game. I'm not sure about us beating the likes of the Chiefs in the AFCCG, but we could have a deep run as a 5 seed and the confidence gain from that could be amazing."
Not really. They aren't nearly as good as last year offensively. Haven't seen anything that makes me think the offense could carry if needed.
"No. If we aren't good enough to win the division, then we're a worse team than if we are. To me, this is so obvious that I feel like Booger McFarland just for saying it at all."
[deleted]
"> suddenly

Nah, he’s always been this good he’s usually on the weaker receivers/zoned. Unless something happens like the Browns game injury, then he comes in on the strong side and wreaks absolute havoc.

What we’re noticing more now is a schematic shift."
We got good players
I think it's the other way around.
"I don’t know why, but this post reads as someone who’s sitting on wiki and just typing in names they are reading from it. I don’t really understand the purpose of this post."
"At least Campbell just has a relatively minor injury, the only risks with strains is coming back too early and doing more damage."
"If anyone picks other you can specify in the comments if you want

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jrxhfk)"
I was born into this life
Mom was dating some douchebag who happened to be a big Ravens fan. I watched the end of the 2011 Steelers and Ravens game with Torrey Smith’s game winning TD and I started to care
Ray Lewis
Went to UofL with Lamar
Hopped on the bandwagon when I was 3 and they won their first Superbowl. At least thats what my parents tell me lol. Have been addicted ever since. Grew up watching our boller teams and it taught me what pain was at a young age
Was a Miami Hurricane fan and it kinda fell into place around like 02 03
"I’m an eagles and ravens fan what I usually tell people is that I was born in Baltimore and grew up in Philly, but the real reason is a bit more complicated, so I was born in Baltimore and lived there for about 3 months before my parents moved back to philly(where they’re originally from) obviously growing up in Philly ur gonna be an eagles fan, ain’t no way around it. However, when I was about 5, my aunt moved down to Baltimore and every time we would visit her we’d go to an O’s game bc the orioles suck and tickets were dirt cheep. So I became a hard core orioles fan around the age of 5-6. This translated into also becoming a ravens fan at age 6-7(not exactly sure how, but probably bc everyone in my family kept asking about it) which turned out to be perfect timing as we won our second super bowl the year after"
My Dad was a fan of the Colts from the Unitas days. When the Colts moved to Indy he followed Washington for over a decade until Baltimore got the Ravens. I became a fan when I first started watching football at about 9 years old and the first game I really paid attention to was the 2009 AFC Wildcard game when they smoked the Patriots in Foxborough. I love this team.
"Like the orioles, decided the ravens would be my team when I got into football. (If that makes sense)"
"Lived my entire life in Cali. Never could connect to the teams (Raiders, Niners, Rams, 49ers) Then one day I just saw this high-octane, stout destructive defense that just made me fall in love with the game.

Never looked back."
I like defense and I thought the jerseys were awesome was already a big ed reed fan before i picked a team
"Lived in SC pre Panthers in the 90’s, was a 49ers fan. Moved to Baltimore area in 99, Niner’s dynasty was over, and had never lived somewhere with a real home team. Went to a couple of games at M&T and that was all she wrote."
I live in Anne Arundel county
"From near Pittsburgh my whole life. Everyone (~80%) is a Steeler fan. In ‘08 I rooted for the Ravens in the AFC Champ. just to fuck with my friends, but they were a good team with a nasty defense so it was easy for it to stick."
"French guy here, became interested in football after seeing Eyeshield 21 (everybody need to start somewhere am I right) and then I wanted to see the real stuff. So the first game I ever saw was the 2011 AFC Championship, yep the one with Lee Evans’s drop and the infamous missed kick by Cundiff. I was looking to root for a team and I like the purple and the Ravens logo so I went with it. And also i didn’t want to root for the Pats because it seemed almost cheating to become fan for a team that would play in the Super Bowl just two weeks later. 
So I looked up the team during the summer, and became very interested, I didn’t watch much of the 2012 regular season but when the playoffs came I was boiling hot, first the Colts, I didn’t watch the game if I remember well, but I did watch the Broncos one, and oh boy what a memory, that game and the Mile High Miracle made me a lifelong fan, I was so fucking ecstatic. And the Super Bowl 3 weeks later was the cherry on top, I felt so lucky."
"Other. Back in early college (1998-ish) someone told me I was un-American for not having a favorite team so I picked the Ravens. I love to read so I liked the literary reference, I love purple (I’m a woman by the way LOL), and Baltimore is sorta close (I live in PA). I was raised in a household that watched baseball more religiously but I got to really enjoy football as I grew up and watched it more and more over time (and now I barely even watch baseball at all anymore, but can anyone really top the Maddox/Glavine/Smoltz/Avery era?)."
"I'm from a place that at the time had no football team.  My girl is originally from MD and even voted for the Ravens name.  Also a buddy went to high school with McAlister and loves the Ravens and The U.

After all that, I dug the team's philosophy and cant stand the other teams in the division."
"When I first got into playing football, my hs coach used to give us homework to do on nfl players. I was playing mlb at the time, so my first one was Ray Lewis. I instantly became a fan, watched my first season in 06 and have been a diehard fan ever since"
"I was born in 96, I started watching football at 5, grew up loving defense. Got my first Ray Lewis jersey at 7 and Ed Reed at 9. Basically I was born to be a Ravens fan."
Had a bunch of ravens on my 2009 fantasy team so I started caring about their games
I was born in Baltimore General Hospital.. it was.. destiny
Live in Alabama and new nothing about the NFL until I played madden 05 with Ray Lewis on the cover so I chose the ravens cause I figured they'd be good lol. They were awesome to play with. Been my team since.
"Pretty much because of the early 2000's D. Ed Reed, Ray Lewis and those guys. As an European getting into football, I didn't have any prior alliances. I guess it was the overall aesthetic with the purple and black, the logo and everything that was the initial draw, but what really did it, was the grit and dominance of the defense, and the overall attitude and just excellence of the whole team and organization. Haven't looked back since."
"In 9th grade, 2007, I was told the joys of marching band and that I would have to attend football games. Didnt really know much about football. 

So I went to my brother Tim who was a big fan and asked him to explain the rules of football to me and help me understand. Well his favorite team is the Ravens, our family is from Baltimore even though I wasnt born there. 

And so I watched my first Ravens game with him. And been addicted ever since."
Went on an exchange to Maryland and fell in love with the game and the Ravens way of playing.
Was super young and thought the purple and black uniforms were bad ass. Stuck with me ever since
"From New England area, hated the Patriots and needed a different team to root for. I liked ray lewis and the jerseys so here we are 15+ years later!"
My dad's half of the family is split between falcons and steelers fans. They all wanted me to be a fan and I was watching the falcons Ravens game when I was just a kid I think it was 1999 and I liked the jersey colors and thought ray lewis was cool so I picked the Ravens. Needless to say steelers fans in the family were disappointed
"A bit weird. My NY Giants fan dad (from NYC) told me you had to like your local team so you can easily watch them on TV. I lived in Bowie so I thought I had to be a fan of MD teams, even though I lived about 10 minutes from FedEx field. Either way CBS showed Ravens so it all made sense to me. 

Then I went to UMBC so it was a little more legit."
"Got tired of rooting for Washington. I was 12 when I made the conversion, it was right after the Ravens won the Super Bowl so I’m a bit of a bandwagon 

Also, I didn’t understand why my family rooted for Washington when we lived in MD (I’m an idiot and didn’t realize that Washington was like 10 mins away from where I lived and Baltimore was 50 mins away, so geography)"
I was a kid when Ray Lewis and Ed Reed were winning games 13 to 10 with 1 defensive touchdown and I loved the defensive style of football.
The Wire.
""
Did he really say limited arm strength?? Yeah his accuracy and touch is nothing to be amazed of but arm strength and pure velocity is not a concern whether we’re talking about distance or zip. Preston clearly hasn’t been watching film. This just makes Lamar seem much worse than he really is.
it's mike preston
How does he overthrow Brown with limited arm strength?
Lamar has a cannon the fuck is this guy on about
Breaking news: Mike Preston is a hack that only has a job because he’s like skip bayless in print with less intelligent points and he has been since I first read him 20 years ago.
"I mean, he's taken a step back this year in his down field so I see where it's coming from"
""
Said it before. I’ll say it again. Gridiron Heights is the GOAT
They pack in so many puns per episode I have to re-watch every one of these.
"For an soccer fans, there is a similar series called The Champions that is great"
Lamar can get pretty intense sometimes huh?
Herbert throwing shade huh
Gilbert appearance was funny.
"“PEW!! PEW!! Everybody knows how to contain you now!”    -Rookie Baby Justin Herbert


Mega yikes."
""
"he has been phenomenal this year, while doing everything for this defense. from covering TEs, to playing outside, playing the run, etc. this may be his best season yet tbh."
"If you have a quiet year as a CB then you are doing an excellent job. He might not be the turnover machine that Juiceman and Fruit Punch are, but he is excellent in coverage and rarely gets balls thrown his way as a result."
"He's never lacked talent and he should have made a couple Pro Bowls earlier in his career, but the way he's extended his career and continued playing at a high level has been amazing to watch."
"I thought we didn’t need him and was a bit confused why we re-signed him. 

There is a reason EDC does what he does and I am currently on Reddit on the toilet."
Would be a CB1 on most NFL teams. He's a beast.
"he’s been so fucking good, he’s had a great role covering lesser WRs and TEs too and playing the run more, thank god EDC signed him back"
Bruh I have barley heard his name called this year. That's how you know he's been great.
Jimmy’s great but PFF is sus
Jimmy Smith should get ring of honor
Raven 4 Life.
And some people on here wanted to cut him smh. Glad he's still with us
Jimmy has been playing lights out this year and doing it all as a jack of all trades DB. That's not an easy role. He's done it all with great physicality and coverage. This change in role has been great for him in the latter part of his career.
Does PFF grade take into account Humphrey and Peters usually take on the harder assignments? Either way Jimmy has been great. You never hear his name called during the games cause he's been shut down all year no matter who he has to cover.
"Jimmy smith been playing his ass off no joke. And I know there are some pff haters among us, but they watch every single snap of every single game. They know what they are talking about."
"Was one of my favorite picks when he was drafted and happy when we kept him.  Hope he retires a Raven.  Mad that some of his best seasons will never get their true recognition because of the lack of team success those years (13 and 15).  He allows for so much flexibility from playing safety, outside, or playing against TEs."
I don't need pff to tell me that real ones know Jimmy has been a lockdown for years!
Deuce Deuce the 🐐
Absolutely love that he’s still got something in the tank to contribute and his willingness to change his role up to help the team later in his career. He definitely should get put in the ring of honor
Jimmy back to his top 5 CB when healthy days.  Love to see it.
"Alexander’s picture is great, and I’m so happy to see Jimmy back in form"
Did he sign a one year extension last year? Can he come back one more time??
Still the best cover corner we got
"Hello r/ravens

Here is the link for the Week 10 Reddit NFL picks-

[*https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfaRf1jFpcAsJtn-vUPY8FPSY-ptHgt-Ahckaziyr\_KFshSPQ/viewform?usp=sf\_link*](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfaRf1jFpcAsJtn-vUPY8FPSY-ptHgt-Ahckaziyr_KFshSPQ/viewform?usp=sf_link)

The top 20 from this week and the link for next week will be announced on Tuesday or Wednesday. No more picks can be made after 10:00 pm on Saturday night. Please go to

[*https://sites.google.com/view/redditnflpicks/home*](https://sites.google.com/view/redditnflpicks/home)

for more information and the results from week 9. Good Luck!"
[deleted]
""
"Offense Podcast with JimZipCode for the Colts game.  Includes:

* OL Scoring
* What changed in terms of efficiency in the 2nd half?
* Discussion of Willie Snead's big season
* More on the playing time split between Duvernay and Boykin"
[removed]
Have we graduated from Flock to Murder? An Unkindness perhaps?
Maybe if we get big enough we'll stop doing upvote parties.
10 years!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"This user liked your submission so much, he's just given it the **This Is Fucking Beautiful Award** (well, virtually, because he's piss poor)"
Where was this photo taken?
Awesome
Beautiful
""
[deleted]
"I think the criticism is fair when you're comparing the two as a passer. Looking purely at passing stats, its night and day in terms of who has good days vs bad days. Lamar has several games under 60% completion, under 200 yards passing, and games under 75 Passer Rating this season. He only had a few games all of last season with such a low Comp % and Passer Rating. The passing yard totals aren't the big deal, he's on pace for a little less than he was last year. Comparing it to last year, he really lit up the league in the final 8-10 games.

This year his 12 TDs and 4 Ints are respectable. Mahomes is 25:1 this season. Its easier to forgive Mahomes for a bad game (which he hasn't really had, seriously go look its quite insane) and the so-called ""bad games"" that Lamar has are due to turnovers and high numbers of sacks (shocker, we've lost most of these games).

Plain and simple. Lamar is phenomenal in my mind, he's highly efficient and does what it takes to win. He's not the guy to come out and throw for 350 and 4 TDs every game, not even most games, but he'll pick you apart if you let him and he'll run all over you. Mahomes is also phenomenal. He will make all the throws, he makes great decisions, and his offense is explosive."
"Lamar isn't Mahomes and he shouldn't be judged by Mahomes standards. The media tends to ignore all the running stats, and focus on the passing stats. They should be looking at the total stats because thats what really matters."
What annoys me is Russel Wilson having an off day with multiple turnovers and a loss like Lamar had but not the same criticism as Lamar got although Russels was arguably worst as Lamar still almost won the game
"My comments are not so related to your picture, but more my thoughts on both.

I love Lamar, glad to have him.  Have always considered my criticism of him to be fair and not harsh.  He is the best runner in the game, but I have to admit not the best passer.  It looks like this year they have tried to reduce his running to keep him safe, and teach him to throw first, run second.  But that hasn’t worked AS WELL to date as last years run first pass second (yet, he WILL get there).   So anyways, I have given criticism, but I feel it is fair.  That being said, his running opens passing so much and hence why he still has so many passing TDs.  We should not fight this but embrace it.  He doesn’t need to be as accurate as Drew Breese, he has to use his skills to work as best he can.

Now for Mahomes, he is the best raw talent on the field I have seen in years.  He can run and throw, often at the same time while being crowded, and always makes the play when needed.  Just an incredible player.  I would guess his flaw is trying to do too much, but I don’t watch his games enough.  I just know he always torches us."
Sometimes?  This is ALL the time.  Lamar is not allowed to ever have a bad moment.
I just want Lamar to have a 300 yard game
"I used to be that guy that got mad at Lamar until someone correctly pointed out that Lamar does fine when he's allowed to flex what he's good at. He(and the rest of the offense) is otherwise being handicapped by Greg Roman's bad play calling and by injuries to the line. An exception being last week, where Lamar basically gave the Steelers 14 points off ints and that pretty much decided the game."
"You kinda get that leeway when you’re the reigning super bowl mvp. Shit, Joe got the same treatment from us for years afterwards too"
Criticism is fair.
"Mahomes doesn't have bad games, ever."
bro fucking lmao
Too right!
At least credit my meme dude
"Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) Tweeted:
The #Ravens have activated CB Marlon Humphrey from the reserve/COVID-19 list, and he’ll play this week agianst the #Patriots. https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/1326526259569061890?s=20"
"Hide your kids, Hide your wife, hide your husband, because everyone's getting their balls punched out here!"
"I said this before on a post about Juiceman, but if Marlo can maintain \*half\* the pace he has set this year for forced fumbles the rest of his career, he will be among the top all time in forced fumbles, as a damn cornerback."
"Good, just in time to take on Cam Newton and his rugrats doll hair lookin' ass."
"Thank you for the award, Reddit Ravens homies!"
[deleted]
"I hope he does well for you guys. I’m happy he went to a classy franchise like you guys, a team and fans that we love so much. He will do well, we will miss him here in GB."
"Dude, I swear if I was rich I'd send you a Ravens jersey"
"Thanks man, he's a guy that can add some experience and pedigree to our team even if he's not playing, a good locker room signing."
"From what I've heard he's still good as long as long as he's not asked to be an outside guy on younger faster guys. But we don't need to him to do that stuff. As long as he's better than the ""corners"" known as averett and bonds. I'm glad if ZDS had to go somewhere Im glad it was y'all since it's a good org and my wife is a packers and vikings fan"
He played well for the packers last year. Solid pick up for sure
I love the love affair between Packers and Ravens fans!
He’s still in the league ???? Fuck yeah 🤣
"2019- Road to Prominence

2020- Road through Adversity

&#x200B;

We got to see as fans how much potential and talent this Ravens core had last season while boasting a generally young team (save for an important piece in Yanda). This season, we are getting to see how this core grows while they battle the ongoing pandemic, lackluster results, and numerous injuries. Although the team still has the overall talent to take them to a super bowl, it's seasons like these where the most growth occurs (see: Iron sharpens Iron). It is incredibly possible that this team doesn't win the Super Bowl this year, but that doesn't mean the season won't be a success in other ways. Hell, it wasn't too long ago when we were watching a Ravens core fail consistently come playoffs (looking at you 2008-2011) and then, it turned into one of the franchise's greatest success stories. 

I'm over complaining about petty playcalling and jumping to conclusions. Let's ride this one out and see where it takes us. It's not like we have Adam Gase plummeting the franchise right now."
"I agree mostly, but just want to object to your characterization of 2008-2011 as ""failing consistently in the playoffs."" Not winning a SB, while obviously a failure in a sense, is different when you're still winning playoff games every year and making multiple trips to the conference championship game. In many ways, 2008-2011 was the golden age of the franchise, culminating in the 2012 win."
"Lol @ ""fail consistently come playoffs."" The fuck are you talking about? Ravens never went one and done with Flacco from 2008-2012 and made 2 AFCCGs in addition to a 3rd AFCCG/Super Bowl"
""
"The media’s classification of a “big game” is so stupid. We beat multiple playoff teams last season including undefeated pats, Seahawks with Russ cooking, former Super Bowl team Rams, niners who were also doing very well, bills doing very well, and Texans who were leading the division. And then this year we beat the browns who were expected to be great, and the colts who were 5-2. So if the “big games” is prime time or games vs playoff/winning teams, the only 2 teams he consistently does bad against are the chiefs and steelers. Of course, it’s fine to say he needs to step it up in the playoffs but even that’s a stretch cuz he’s only played 1 legit playoff game. The media just wanna slander him for things that don’t even exist at this point"
All I want in life is a friend like Mark Ingram
"If we lost to the Colts that would’ve been “a big game”

Whenever we lose it’s a “big game”. When we win it’s always “ that’s what you should’ve done” or some shit

Hate this stupid narrative"
"Love him, I will miss him."
"I think it’s funny that whatever statistic they put up, the Browns loss doesn’t count."
"It was the same with Flacco. 

""Can't win the big games"" <--- we are here with Lamar 

""Cant win in the playoffs"" 

""can't win it all"" 

""Is he elite?"" 

Remember that ""funny"" pyramid? 

Easy solution would be to just finally win a playoff game this year and continue to get the convo moving."
"I hate this new narrative, but oh well. I feel like this is going to be an issue for years and years with Lamar, they're just gonna keep finding new shit to doubt on. Whatever, Mahomes lost to Las Vegas and nobody said shit, he's still the MVP, Rodgers lost to the Vikings, nobody said shit, he's still in the running for MVP too. Screw this, I know the QB I'm watching, let the media talk"
"I fucking love Mark Ingram and every time someone says something bad about him in the game thread, I want to meet them at the bank. woo woo"
""
"All 100,000 of us on game threads: REEEEEEEEEEE!"
"Whats crazy is, just 1 year ago, (really 2 nfl seasons ago)  I made this post about us breaking 30k.  And there is a link in this post from 2 years ago we broke 20k.  Coming up fast friends! 

https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/acvbon/just_realized_we_broke_30k_subscribers/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share"
"I've heard alot of ppl say they preferred this sub when we were half this size, but just think of how many more people can say Fuck the Steelers!"
Sound the victory horn!
Nice.
"It feels like only yesterday that we hit 20,000 subscribers in 2018"
Yes
"It’s time to unsub so we hit only 99,999 again!"
"999,999 actually"
It's the dank memes
"I've been here for nearly 8 years, insane that we're up to 100,000 now!"
Awesome. Let us hit 125k by 2021
"Welcome to my Ted Talk.
Steelers fans sit when they pee."
We need an alternative to users
This is very epic moment right here !! Less go beat them pats on Sunday 💜💜💜🖤🖤🖤💜💜💜
Quantity does not equal quality. This whole sub has become whiney af.
There was another post of this but hey fuck that guy my upvotes.
[deleted]
Lamar Jackson.
"This is cool and all, but have you ever considered Lamar Jackson"
""
"Personally my favorite player would be chad ochocinco. I just loved his attitude, he was a pure savage and as a ravens I love that quality in players."
"Polamalu.

At one point, the AFC North had 2 top-5 Safeties of all time in him and Ed Reed."
"Troy Polomalu, he was the ying to Ed Reeds yang. The greatest ss I’ve ever seen play the game."
"Fuck Hines Ward, can I get an AMEN???"
Troy Polamalu
"Ozzie, obviously"
Burfict bc he got concussed on Flacc-daddy’s iron dick
Joe Thomas
"Troy, no question. 
He was just incredible. 

I am SO GLAD he retired."
"Troy Polamalu

Right now it’s Burrow"
AJ Green. Now I need a shower.
I agree with Ochocinco. I have too much hate for the Steelers to pick anyone from their team. The browns haven’t really had many good players.
Limas Sweed
"None, fuck em all."
Can we say RG-III?
Troy
Not Hines Ward
I always wished Brett Kiesel was on the Ravens
Jerome Bettis
Does Mike Tomlin count for stepping in front of Jacoby?
Mooks
"I'd say Jerome Harrison, Josh Cribbs, or Troy. Always had to watch out for those guys."
"James Harrison, Joe Thomas, or Carson Palmer depending on the team"
Chad. Even our guys loved him.
Troy fuckin Polamaloo
[I watch this video several times throughout each year](https://youtu.be/Z2DTio1-HMY)
I thought Cribbs was pretty cool.
Everyone forgets how AJ green used to destroy us
Hines Ward.
Hines ward
""
"I don’t think we should expect the world. The guy is getting there, but hasn’t played seriously in years. Probably 30 catches for 300 yards or something manageable against the Pats, just give him a slant or two"
"Here is my completely unbiased realistic prediction.

&#x200B;

Dez steps in Thanksgiving against the Steelers and gets his first couple receptions, this mainly is so that he is at game speed against the Cowboys the following Thursday night where he will go get 80 - 100 yards and his first touchdown, throw up the X in all black against his former team, it will bring a collective tear to every eye watching the game.

&#x200B;

He finishes the season with 3 TD's and 475 yards.

&#x200B;

This isn't even the start, he goes into the playoffs and goes on a Joe Flacco like run from 2012, 7 touchdowns in 4 games, eclipsing 100 yards each game.  In true Dez Bryant fashion he proves everyone wrong, anyone that has shit on his commitment to team or blocking ability and leads Lamar Jackson 60 yards down the field with a phenomenal lead block on Jamal Adams to win the Super Bowl.  He then drags Tom Brady out of his home down the road in Tampa and throws another lead block on him on his way to steal Gisele.  What's that? Out of the corner of his eye he sees Antonio Brown coming to save his buddy Tom, guess what, lead block on him as well, where is Dez going now? He is on the way to rescue AB's kids from AB himself.  He the returns to Raymond James stadium with Gisele and AB's kids in arms just in time to accept the Super Bowl MVP, where he hands it to Lamar Jackson gives him a kiss on the forehead and floats away."
"If I'm the Ravens, this entire week i'm putting in 3rd down plays and redzone plays for him and that's it. Big target like MAndrews and Boyle with great hands? Get that big SOB lined up with some 5'9"" DB and let Lamar roll out and sling the SOB at him. He'll catch it. Double teamed? Opens up MAndrews or someone else. I don't want him in there all the time right now, but a big target with hands we gotta target him"
Redzone threat maybe give him a jump ball or two
"I expect nothing. So if he gives anything, that's a win in my book.

Homeboy been out of the league for nearly three years. That's a lifetime in the nfl, especially for a skill position."
"12,000 yards 30 TDs if I'm gonna be conservative."
"I’m expecting a mediocre performance against the patriots, but he goes for 600 yards and 7 touchdowns against the Steelers on thanksgiving"
There's quite a few reports that he's back on the practice squad so who knows
"3 catches for 227 yards an 7 TD’s this week just to get him warmed up.   Against the Cowboys triple that, then somewhere in between for every other game."
"I think he will be on the team for the whole season but its clear hes not completely in sync with everything yet. Id like to see him in when where in the redzone if hes going to be active but it will probably be another couple weeks before hes getting a good amount of snaps. 

How awesome would it be to see Dez fully involved with the offense by the time we play the Cowboys 👀🔥"
"I think he will have a pretty significant role later in the year, but this week I really feel like hes only going to be in on a couple of redzone plays. If he's not it's going to be more of a decoy type of thing.


P.S. i dont think I've ever enjoyed reading a comment section as much as i enjoyed this one. Lmfao"
"Guys our passing offense isn’t getting much better. We just don’t have the pieces even if Roman was calling a good pass game. The best we get is more consistent in the deep passing game but other than that stop thinking our passing game is gonna magically turnaround. Dez won’t make it better, he’s a 31 year old WR coming off of a 2 year absence caused by injury."
I think he could be used as a decoy on Sunday against the Patriots. I think putting him in the game would really throw off Belichick and get our offense going a little bit and boost our confidence.
It Dez'ent matter.
"Best case scenario is Anquan-lite, a tough mfer who can make contested catches. But as has been much covered, the issues with the Ravens passing game isn’t necessarily talent but the league catching up to the scheme."
The fact that we're relying on DEZ BRYANT to be our guy shows that we're definitely drafting a receiver high.
No role.
""
"Whyd it have to start with a pick against my boy Joe? Lol seriously though, im hyped for this signing"
""
I agree. If they meet in the playoffs I’m by default predicting a L and hoping I’m wrong.
In the interview today he was saying how week one we was throwing downfield and stuff then saying how I’m the recent weeks “we went away from it”. Did anyone else catch this???
"If you're talking about his interview on Rich Eisen's show today, yeah, I caught it. He also said something else that was interesting.

Lamar stated that defenses knew what they were running - yelling out pass or run - before the snap. That's on Greg Roman."
"There's a lot of fans of other teams on bleacher expressing the same frustrations when he was in Buffalo and San Francisco, sounds like Greg is the 2 pump chump of offenses"
"In the history of the Ravens, we've had a lot of players that we were supposed to get hyped about that just never panned out. I have a weird fondness for these players looking back and being like ""OH YEA, THAT GUY WAS SUPPOSED TO BE SOMEBODY!""

For example:

Marlon Brown

Demetrius Williams

Matt Elam

Kenneth Dixon

Arthur Brown (I was really expecting this dude to be a stud)

So, who is your favorite forgotten Raven that never panned out?"
TANDON DOSS HAND PICKED BY FLACCO HIMSELF
"Crockett Gilmore, he showed flashes before just getting ravaged by injuries."
Wasnt drafted by us but Will Hill. Dude was a complete stud but his off the field issues kept him from becoming a star for us
I thought Danny Woodhead would be a game changer for us lol.
"Max Williams.

Sergio Kindle.

Terrance Cody."
Project Perriman
"LaQuan Williams. Played at Poly then MD. Undrafted free agent, he made a couple big first downs against PIT in 2011 when Lee Evans was injured. Was on the Super Bowl team as a special teamer, and looked poised to turn the corner as a playmaker in 2013:

[https://www.baltimoresun.com/sports/ravens/bal-williams-stars-in-ravens-preseason-opener-20130809-story,amp.html](https://www.baltimoresun.com/sports/ravens/bal-williams-stars-in-ravens-preseason-opener-20130809-story,amp.html)

A month after the article, he was placed in IR for a hamstring injury, then cut. He re-signed in 2014, then was cut during training camp. He spent one week on the practice squad in late 2014, then never touched the NFL again. 

He spent a couple years with the Baltimore Brigade arena football team before the league folded in 2019. 

I guess he was never supposed to 'be something,' but I was hyped for him nonetheless."
"Touchdown Tommy Streeter

Back when I invested way too much stock in H/W/S"
"Mark clayton :(

He actually was perming well in STL, and then I jury bug got him again and put an end to his career."
I was 100% sure that Jared Gaither would stick around.
Chris Redman
Jah Reid was supposed to be a cornerstone offensive lineman. Ended up a bust
Tim White the preseaon hero every year until his season ending injury in the last game of the preseason
Chykie Brown
I thought Mark Clayton was gonna be the steady receiver we so desperately needed.
"Tandon ""The next Boldin"" Doss"
"I really liked Bronson Kaufusi coming out of BYU but injuries did him dirty. Also had high hopes for Carl Davis since he was a lineman from Iowa. 

Rest in peace Tray Walker."
Aaron Mellette. Loved him as a prospect looked great in preseason. Never happened for him.
Keenan Reynolds was a cool story. Thought he could have some play making ability being a dynamic running QB but transitioning to WR. Figured he would use him for some gadget stuff.
"Randy Hymes.

Apparently he just refused to study the playbook and didn't know the plays. He was probably the most talented receiver we had in the Boller era until Mason in 2005."
Jared Gaither wouldve been a beast if he actually gave a fuck about football
"I was on the Troy Smith band wagon all the way up until Joe Flacco the 2012 season, well after he left the team. I though Joe wasn’t good and we should have given Troy Smith a shot... and that’s exactly why I don’t coach"
Clarence moore
Touchdown Tommy Streeter
I was r pumped when we drafted John Simon. Looked like a for sure Jarrett Johnson 2.0... now he's a starter for the pats 🤔
"Maxx Williams was my guy, I remember him being predicted as a dark horse OROTY contender and then he just did next to nothing. Glad to see he's doing well in Arizona"
Lorenzo Taliaferro had an all time name and I really hoped he’d become a star.  Would’ve been a great jersey to have.
"Never paned out for us or never paned out period?

If never for us Kyle Jusczyk.  I mean he did pan out but I wanted this guy to be a long term Raven. 
I know Ozzie wasn't going to pay him what SF did, but I hoped."
Mark Clayton.  Such a fun and frustrating player to watch could make a circus catch and then drops the wide open easy catch that went right into his chest.
Gotta say Chris Wormley. I thought he’d be as productive as Jarret Johnson. A third round pick that would give us Zadarrius’s like pressure on the QB and set the edge. For some reason we traded him to Pittsburg of all places.
"Well Arthur Brown was gonna be a stud but had a horribly unlucky injury. They others just weren’t good lmao. I really liked Marlon Brown personally, sad he didn’t turn out"
"Kelley Washington and BJ Sams were two of my favorite Ravens that never stuck around

Kelley Washington was the super discount version of Steve Smith in that he was always firery and somehow managed to get the first down.

BJ Sams was a pretty good returner and a depth running back (though I thiught he was a rotational cornerback, idk why)."
"We had a guy from the CFL.
I don't remember his name but his nickname was ""Shakespeare "" because he was always making a play. 

That in and off itself is good enough for me to be a fan. 
I don't think he ever made it out of TC."
Hollywood soon if a OC change doesn’t happen
Mark Clayton. Wanted a jersey with my name on the back so bad when I was growing up but he was never good enough to be worth it
Mark Clayton
"Arthur Jones, dude is Jon Jones’ brother for god’s sake

Also Sergio Kindle because it was so random"
Mannnn I was high on Matt Elam
Adalius Thomas
Kindle. I thought we had finally found that complimentary pass rusher to Sizzle.
"Darren Waller.  I guess he panned out, just not for the Ravens."
""
""
"This is consistent with his press conference earlier today, clearly he’s frustrated with the playcalling. I’m glad this is out in the open, even though I know the coaches won’t be happy about it because it reflects poorly on them."
"As much of an argument that can be made for not airing out dirty laundry, maybe this is what Harbaugh needs to see at this point to open his eyes a little more, since we all know how loyal he is to his coordinators.

No one wants to air dirty laundry or call anyone out, but when you give honest answers as to what the problems are, that's what's going to happen.

Defenses calling out our plays consistently is a problem that needs addressed, and not all problems have an easy or simple fix."
"In the whole interview, this is just a snippet, Lamar brought up the play calling so many times, said Hollywood hasn’t been getting any plays called for him. 

Holy shit, Greg Roman needs to get his head out his ass."
"The Greg Roman cycle is weird. Pretty much the same for the 49ers, the Bills and now us."
"Screw the “don’t air dirty laundry” takes. 

The man is the reigning MVP and saved Harbaugh’s job. He can say whatever he wants!"
"Everyone in the league knows Tyreek Hill is fast as fuck, they *still* scheme that little fucker open all the goddamn time."
Exactly this shit is so obvious. We need to mix it up and keep defenses off balance so they can’t just stack the box and then dare us to throw on 3rd down every time
"And I mean, let's think about this for a second here...

First of all, we are the most run-heavy team in the league in neutral (1st and 2nd down) situations.

Next, you add in the personnel packages we run with Ricard and Boyle.

Okay, so it's 1st/2nd down and Patrick Ricard/Nick Boyle come onto the field. WHAT THE FUCK TYPE OF PLAY DO YOU THINK THE RAVENS ARE GOING TO RUN?

And yet, we're still putting up scoring records with all of this. Says a lot about Lamar and what he brings to an offense."
"This seems crazy. If defenses are literally calling out plays pre-snap, how are we not adjusting to that?"
"in that one part, he asked lamar what does he do when hears plays called out. i wish he would of said something about changing the play on the line or some other adjustment. he kind of seems like he doesnt really know whats going or has no control of anything idk. didnt hear the whole interview, but lamar just seemed out of sorts."
"This might be a dumb question, but why does it seem like Lamar never audibles out of plays then?  If he hears the defense calling them out, why doesn't he change it?"
 if we couldn't get a Justin tucker in field goal range during the whole first half something HAS to change. Second half we looked amazing and I hope we keep it up.
Air it out if it’ll help the offense get on track.
"No shit, we have three plays. This falls on Harbaugh for picking shitty OC's. Im glad Lamar said this publicly."
That’s weird. That also happened to the 9ers and Bills when they had Greg Roman as their OC. What are the odds?
"Defenses know the plays, and we're still 6-2. God if we innovate even slightly on offense, this team is gonna be a handful."
"He didn't really say they know the play, he just said they can sometimes guess when a run is coming and certain things to watch out for. He also said they make adjustments at half time, but I don't really think he's clued in to all the rearrangements that are being made because he said, ""I guess"". I think the quick uptempo offense in the second half of the Indy game is a good indicator of a contingency plan we have when things are not working too well."
This would explain why Lamar doesn't look as confident as he did last year. It all makes too much sense that playcalling is the reason for regression.
I wonder how much of this is just TAPE. The other side watches film and game plans too. Yes there’s some issues with some of the play calling. But how much of it is that the Ravens’ scheme isn’t as unique or new as it used to be so it’s easier to read?
"Hindsight is 20/20 but holy fuck do i wish Greg would have taken a HC job last year. Although, with the limited practice time, i wonder how worse working in a new system would be."
Damn. I don’t wanna say depressed or anything like that but he just seemed kinda down in this interview.  I know he’s generally a pretty soft spoken guy but this just seemed off
"Anybody remember that rumor from the Pats sub before the Pats game last year that the Pats had discovered some secret tell for the Ravens offense that was going to 100% destroy the offense?

Anyway I don't think that's connected to this at all but was just reminded of it and think it's funny.

This here is hella bad if true tho.  Maybe we go hurry-up all game this weekend and see what happens."
I think they knew last year too but we were successful anyways. Without the oline we cant just run at will like we did last year.
"I suppose in an ideal world he wouldn't suggest that the offense is stale and predictable. But, on the other hand, it obviously is, so he's not really telling people anything they don't already know.

It's a problem that we need to address ASAP, but it's also going to take fixing during the off-season, and I'm curious what they will do to address it."
It’s embarrassing if they are calling out out plays at the line
This is very concerning  but also very good. If we can make it to the playoffs and then install slowly a new playbook we could be unstoppable. We keep winning when the defense knows our play it means we are winning at the point of attack even though they know what's coming
"You can’t discount the change with the o line. At one point, it really didn’t matter if they knew the plays; no one could stop it anyway. Now, with more gaps, we have to get more creative. It’s a natural progression and Roman should already see this."
"Its time for Roman to spend some extra time in the lab and come up if not new plays itself,counter options to those plays out of new formations."
Yikes.
I find it very concerning that defenses are calling our plays. Greg Roman needs to switch things up fast.
"I respect Roman for what he's achieved with our offense, but beyond that, I dislike how he's executing it. 

From the play calling of the titans game last year to the calls made on the Steelers game this year, I just don't like what he calls. Roman has proven in the past he can tank offenses and mobile QB's and yet here we are for a third time. I'm not saying our offense is specifically tanking hard, but when does Harbaugh realize Roman doesn't know how to develop an offense. 

A mobile QB, a top ranked rushing offense, and bottom tier pass offense. The only outlier to that above statement is Taylor, but Roman has always been a huge rushing offense with poor passing. At what point do you realize what you're bad at and try to make it better?

I've recently gotten on the get rid of Roman train and I sort of still am. Lamar is good. But if we don't develop him and our offense, we're just going to see regression into losses."
So is he opening up about Greg Romans lack of creativity in play calling this year? Heck I’m starting to predict the plays at home!
This shit is so overblown.  Ray Lewis did this every game to opposing offenses.
"Lamar has been criticizing the play calling for weeks but only in passing. He'd make a snide comment here and there before moving on.

In this interview, Lamar went overboard IMO. He said too much."
""
I’m not sure I get it...
"Our division is 7-0-1 against the NFC East so far, but Eagles @ Cowboys still deserved to be the SNF game over Steelers @ Ravens

Idc that we’re also playing them Thanksgiving in primetime. Not flexing that game to at least 4pm was just weird man."
"I think this is somewhat a fulfilling prophecy tho 

Like the NFCE plays the NFCW and AFCN

The NFCE is so bad because they’re playing arguably two most competitive divisions in each conference. And the NFCW and AFCN look so good because they’re playing the worse division in football"
[deleted]
Dm me your channel and I'll throw you on my autohost list for the 24 hr stream!
"A flaming hot take here, but I think the Ravens as an organization should draw up plans for imminent QB succession some time down in the immediate future. 

Lamar is an MVP with a historically great 2019 year and a phenomenally gifted player with legs, I get all of that - but how many of these players pan out as all-time greats? Every great QB was a pocket passer, but no running QB was ever a great QB. Sure, you have a guy like Vick who had a very solid career, but what other mobile QB comes to mind? Bridgewater? Taylor? 

It’s great now, but come playoff time a QB’s mettle will come primarily from the pocket game, which Lamar lacks right now. Plus QBs of his type tend not to age well once mobility diminishes. That’s why I say give Lamar 2-3 years to see if he can iron out bumps in his game. In the meantime, the Ravens should be cognizant at potentially moving a different direction if time calls for it. This team is too good to be stunted by QB pocket play."
"Bro we’re 6-2 and winning despite terrible offensive coaching. Lamar is so much more than a running QB, it’s disrespectful to even say otherwise."
"A) he is the second unanimous NFL MVP in league history

B) why do people feel the need to lump all running QBs together like their arm doesn't matter?

C) the dude is younger than Joe Burrow, do you consider him mobile? Should the Bengals move on from him?

D) Randall Cunningham had a successful career long before Vick, and Bridgewater is proving to be very accurate this year. Mike Vick is not the only running QB to be successful"
"My guy, good QBs don't just pop up all the time. Lamar is a good QB.

To put it in another way, would you rather have Lamar right now or someone like Goff? Also keep in mind that Goff is still considered okay for what generally comes out the draft. 

Another thing to note is that in order to get a top QB, you would typically need to pick in the top 10, the Ravens are good enough to not get to that point and EDC isnt going to give away a kings ransom to move that far up."
"TEDDY BRIDGEWATER?

You gotta be trolling or racist"
"Yikes, no."
Gtfo
Where is donnie from dundalk to tell us we need to trade for Flacco after his showing on mnf
"So, you're just going to conveniently leave out the likes of Fran Tarkenton, Randall Cunningham, Steve Young, Steve McNair, Donovan McNabb & Cam Newton (et al.)?"
How many superbowls until Lamar doesn't have to prove himself every game?
[deleted]
""
Give Lamar Nuk and Larry Fitz and let’s see what they say
"As someone who has also watched many cardinals games (have Kyler in fantasy) he has looked like an absolute stud. Kingsbury has a really nicely run offense and he’s given Kyler the keys to run it. It’s very QB friendly with a lot of quick hitters, timing throws, and the occasional deep shots. Kyler has looked like a better passer although we all know Lamars current offense has not been very QB friendly. The offensive scheme in Arizona looks just way better and more complex. Not even mentioning the weapons Kyler has are so much better than what lamars got"
That is a very large dose of CAP
What if Greg Roman was kylers OC
"Kyler is already a special talent and I’m not trying to take anything away from him...but there’s a difference between playing with Hopkins, Fitz, and Kirk with a superior o-line than Andrews, Snead, and Hollywood."
"Kyler was also a first overall pick something the Ravens will never achieve... it’s not really fair to compare them. Lamar has insane value being taken at 32nd overall. That’s premier drafting. 

And, as he’s shown he’s good enough to win games. Next."
If you put any QB under a G-Ro offense they will look like an idiot. Reference every 49ers post about Romans play calling being stale and having no passing game.
"Yeah, great. 

Put Kyler in our offense and he’d be doing about the same. With maybe a higher completion %. 

Counter Hot Take: We’d still lose to the Chiefs if Kyler Murray played QB for us."
"I’m very confident that if Kyler was put in this offense, he’d look like shit."
"murray i think is a much better passer. but, lamar has never had the wr talent that murray does. idk its pretty close imo. but eventually lamar IS going to have to step up and prove himself as a passer"
Who gives a fuck what Ryan Clark thinks. dude rode the coattails of Troy polamalu and James Harrison
Just an ex-Steelers throwing shade. Boo
"Ryan clark was an average player, I don't care what he says"
Just how I like it boys let em 😴
Cant change the fact that Kyler runs like a toddler
"Not in the Greg Romans offense, Kyler would get hurt."
"Well this is ridiculous. From what I’ve see from the cards, it’s pretty much running him on every play, or him scrambling and creating something."
Even Dominique knew it was bullshit he started laughing
"I would like to first start off by saying **Congratulations** on this subreddit hitting 100K today.

The Reddit Flock is impressive.

I've been following and watching the Ravens as far back as I could remember.  I was 11 years old in 2011 when they won Superbowl XXXV.  It was the very first NFL game I ever watched, I was so glued to the TV watching this game and for days after it was the only thing I could talk about.  That day a Raven's fan was born in Niagara Falls, Ontario.

Yes, I decided that was my team there and then.

Not based off that win (I mean it did help) but based off the fact of the intensity Ray Lewis led with.

He terrified me as a child and as a adult, terrifies me a **little** less.

That's my story and what brought me here today to tell you this.

Now, What made you a Ravens fan?

Also, Fuck The Steelers."
"I’m also a Canadian Ravens fan from Ottawa.

Watch the Blind Side when it came out in 2010 - I was about 11 years old and it stuck with my and I instantly became a Ravens fan because of Michael Oher. 

Have been a fan ever since!"
"Canadian from Winnipeg here. Love this team since the dilfer days and this sub.

Went to the Cincy game last year and I love this team even more."
"Kitchener in the house! For me it was the Raptors. Purple has always been my favorite color, but it isn’t used often in sports. When the Raptors came into the NBA with purple as their primary color, it was a clear choice who I’d be rooting for. Shortly afterwards the Ravens joined the NFL with a comparable purple. I’d never watched football before and found it fascinating. The first Ravens game was my first NFL game. It was a close loss to the Jags, but they won the next three. I’ve been hooked ever since. It’s been a crazy ride. I’ve never watched another team, so football to me is the Baltimore Ravens. Watching Rays fire on the field turned my fascination into an obsession. I think Ray helped make the Ravens what they are. I’ll never forget: YOU CANT HURT THIS IM A MACHINE, JERK! Glad to see some love from other Canadians!"
Ottawa here. Father is from bmore!
"Vancouver fan here. As a British Columbian, the worst part of being a Ravens fan is def having to cheer against Claypool. Hope one day he turns purple."
"Toronto fan here. Come kick it with us at toby’s when corona is done, Cheap drinks and good food 👍🏻"
Ravens fan in Alberta here. Same story for me but I was 11 in 2000 lol. Damn.
"I just watched the Rich Wisen Interview and Ravens Post-Practice interview, it seems Lamar is emphasizing the predictability of this offense, and how the ball is not going into the hands of the playmakers. It seems teams are beginning to realize how predictable Greg Roman is running our offense. We need to bring in new coaches in, especially for Lamar's progression as a passer"
"The good news is that the opposing defenses know exactly what we are about to do offensively, yet we are 6-2 and still winning football games.

Yes, this is something that needs to be addressed ASAP. But more importantly, this is a testament to the skills of our offensive players and the defense. If we get these offensive issues sorted out, there is no ceiling for this team."
"I listened to the Rich interview and the press conference. It was wild that the defense is calling out the plays pre-snap. They definitely know what we are running. 

Most interesting was how he backed Hollywood and called out the play calling not getting the ball to our playmakers."
"Honestly I'm extremely glad Lamar is the one coming out and saying this.

A) its purely candid and makes for a good show and talking points

And B) hes the only person on the team that can come out and say this and see G Ro actually sit down and work with him. 

They're going to both stay in Baltimore and they're going to get it figured out and the offense will be better because of it.

Honestly, this could be the turning point of the season, kinda like they always show on thos NFL Network documentaries about a teams super bowl winning season.

There's ALWAYS something that happens that turns the tide of the season and this coupled with the second half we had in Indianapolis is really smelling like it."
And we’re STILL putting up 20+/gm
Game day threads boutta tear Roman a new one every play
He is predictable.  That's what I complained about when he was the oc for my Bills. Everyone knew what our offense was going to do. Hope you find a new oc.
Save it for the offseason.
""
Wow. -Brother Owen
Hopefully this means that 3 TE sets are coming back.
loved him in Idiocracy
"The Ravens just cannot stock enough of these 6'4"" 250-260 lb white TEs."
I want to see crocket Gilmore again
3TEs sets being prioritized shows our lack of depth on OL and confidence in WR corps. I'd also say it's an indictment on the route trees we come up for our wide receivers in passing plays
Owen Wilson: “Wow!”
Is he the one from *Wedding Crashers* or from *Old School?*  I can never keep them straight.
When did he get cut from the Seahawks?
"Ravens working out Luke Willson

***

posted by [@AaronWilson_NFL](https://twitter.com/AaronWilson_NFL)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
What happened to Walker Willson is kind of a scrub..
Luke Wilson? That’s cool man. Loved him in Old School.
"I wonder whatever happened with Delanie Walker being brought in for a look, the guy is still out there"
[deleted]
"They said the same stuff about how Baker was so much better than him his first year. Every year there is gonna be a hyped up exciting new QB, all that matters is that Lamar is 25-5 and we are superbowl contenders."
""
"Have to think he and the rest of the offense are really frustrated with GRo for him to make these comments. This is far from unprofessional, but it'll probably raise the coaches' eyebrows when they see this. Hopefully they're already working on a solution. Pretty inexcusable for the offense to be this transparent"
"He's not wrong. Hopefully, there will be a shift though."
"You know people say its unprofessional and people are saying he shouldn't say things like that but I disagree. 

Its not like other teams dont know this is an issue for us. Hes not hiding it from them. And the thing is, hes being transparent about the issues and I appreciate it. 

I've been saying it for weeks, we're playing far to conservative and predictable. And we need to change that. Hopefully this is taken as a wake up call. Offense shouldn't have stalled out. Instead of building on what we did last year weve remained to similar. Offense needs to develop more not just stay the same."
"Yeah defenses are eating their lunch, but I hope that they can get creative."
Hopefully someone tells GR this info?
"Defense: They are going to run 

Lamar: Damn they got us"
Also cant Lamar just call an audible if hears them saying run?
"When Yanda left, our offense had to be simplified due to talent drain. Now Stanley is on IR, and it will need to be simplified again. We've seen this before: players without a lot of experience and talent can not run complicated offenses, and we have some spots on the line that are going to hold us back all year. Maybe some of the depth develops, but maybe it doesn't. We'll see"
"Guys, if Lamar is bringing this up on ESPN i guarantee that this was the first thing brought up in meetings on Monday when they went to film (that’s if it wasn’t brought up in the heat of the game). He isn’t firing from the hip here without the coaches also knowing this. As the great Rodgers says R-E-L-A-X"
"Several players on opposing teams have mentioned that they knew who would be involved on certain plays all game. Specifically, I remember hearing this after the Cincinnati and Philadelphia games. 

Seeing Pittsburgh stuff Lamar on obvious 4th and short attempts. 

Mark Andrews seemingly disappearing after being mentioned with the likes of Kittle and Kelce. 

It’s not a coincidence and never has been. A certain subsection of this fan base just decides to blame the reigning MVP who had league high efficiency marks as being the issue"
"I think the players are too young, inexperienced and can't grasp the whole playbook yet. I think Roman is purposefully keeping tame."
Does anyone know if Roman was still calling the plays in the second half last week or did we switch to someone else? Bc the play calling in the second half was money
There is no middle ground for this team. Ravens win the game Greg Roman is a genius. They lose. They’re too predictable.  Let’s call it what it is. A young offense that runs more than any other team. No we don’t have a Henry that will literally wear down your defensive line then the line backers then the defensive backs and rack up 150 yards. But we have quick elusive receivers and backs. I think we out think ourselves and try to be too schemey and can’t adjust to the defense. It’s happened every playoff loss. We just don’t adjust. That being said. Lamar is at what a 84% win rate and coming off an MVP season. I think he’s doing just fine.
Fire Romans
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-Week-10-picks-featuring-Pearls-of-Wisdom-embmoi](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-Week-10-picks-featuring-Pearls-of-Wisdom-embmoi)

my friend and I both picked the Ravens, easy W for us the Pats are trash"
""
He's a good player just not the dollar amount he wants good
Judon is a good player for us the hate is lame
I don’t get these childish posts tbh 🤷‍♂️
Yeah we don’t need him. We played most of that steelers game without him and seemed to do ok
What is this referring to? I'm just curious
"A car is speeding out of control down a hill, Judon and Roman are at the bottom and may die.  You can only save one, who ya got?"
""
Gus 🚍
Gusto Busto
"Why did we get rid of him? He seemed to do pretty well last year. I could be wrong as I'm quite uneducated about football still, but he seemed at least above average to me."
"Because we got Wolfe, Campbell, and drafted 2 rookie defensive linemen."
He was ok but definitely starting to slip a bit. He was 35 or 36
He was a stop gap when we lost a few linemen last year. It was a 1 year 1 mill deal.. he was never meant to be more than thst
He’s pretty old and really one dimensional.  Was a great player back in the day.
I'm riding or dying with Lamar 'till the end of time. I have no clue how the Ravens fix their game. But I don't think the blame game is the solution.
What interceptions? He has 4 all season
"I'm all for this sub getting new followers, but as others have said it comes at the cost of getting flooded with people trying to deliver their own hot takes on everything. Nobody is losing truzz.

The Steelers said after the game they knew where lamar was passing on a certain play (the flat route) which led to the easy interception because they called the exact same play in the first half. Much of what we're seeing this season with defenses ""figuring us out"" is not Lamar's fault"
"There is no party that is not guilty here... But Jackson has a point.

If you study an offense and they do the same plays, they can predict what you're doing before you do it... Because they Know you're going to do it.

Case in point blast from the past.... Ed Reed reading Peyton Manning from his pump..

But here it is actual PLAYS and not the quarterback.... So sure the defense can pretend to be far away and get there before a throw when they know where you are going"
"With all these sound bites and tweets I’m afraid we’re becoming the Browns. These stories shouldn’t come out. Like were 6-2 dammit. 

Everybody’s truzz level is shrinking man and it’s sad."
"Sometimes I think these posts are made by the real person they are trying to defend since Greg can't come out and say this publicly.......

P.S. If this is really Greg your predictable AF play calling didnt help th0"
""
"The great thing about the 2nd half of the Indy game was that Lamar stopped trying to do too much. He hit the top of his drop and fired consistently. He made simple throws to voids left by the colts. He was in total control of the game for 3 straight drives. He only made 1 ""doing too much"" mistake (ran on 3rd and 4 instead of not throwing to a wide open snead crosser).

It was the first time all season where he consistently did that."
There have been times I’ve thought Lamar might need a sports psychologist for this reason.
Lamar probably wouldn’t have to play hero ball and do too much if the play calls schemed his receivers open and in space instead of running 3 routes in the same part of the field
"He has his issues, like most young quarterbacks. But hell, give him some better plays to run and he might just succeed a little better. If what we are hearing is true regarding defences knowing what we are running,  can you blame him for trying to do more?"
"2017: Flacco just doesn't do enough. He doesn't show any passion, checks it down too often and doesn't try to make anything happen.

2020: Lamar just tries to do too much. He shows his frustration, plays hero ball too often and tries to make things happen instead of checking it down.

2023: FUCK THE GOD DAMN RAVENS STOP WINNING ALL THE TIME LAMAR HAS ENOUGH RINGS ALREADY"
"This was evident as Louisville as well. He would get frustrated at practices if the team wasn’t making big plays. He knows how could he can be and his a ton of confidence so it’s understandable, but the forced errors kill us - like that 2nd pick he threw against the Steelers."
"Real opponents: Chiefs, Titans, Steelers (beat them twice last year...and should have this year)

Not real opponents: Seahawks, Patriots, Texans, Rams, 49er's, , Bills, Colts.

I wonder what the narrative will be if we beat the Steelers on thanksgiving, and the Titans in a couple weeks? I'm guessing it won't change--""Still can't beat the chiefs""."
"@TFG_Football Their biggest defeats come when Lamar gets in his own head and tries to do too much. Roman gives him chances but he presses and presses and presses because wants to show people he can do it, and it screws him up.

The dude needs to take an edible before big games and chill tf out

***

posted by [@BrettKollmann](https://twitter.com/BrettKollmann)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"I love this guy's content, his videos are really well done and one of the few people his analysis is very good"
"Can't say I disagree. He tries to do too much sometimes and seems to have trouble going through his progression or receivers aren't getting open. I think it's the former. I'm afraid he's going to get seriously injured running so much and intentionally taking hits.

Also, give Gus Edwards more carries. He is a beast."
""
"Ah yes, The Grbac Experiment."
Classic
Frame it.
Found the same thing in an old drawer
I actually found this when I moved recently lol
Dope af
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"I would say we have this....

But this is Belichick. If we are truly predictable (which we are), guess who is about to expose us? I think that will be the case either way... Because even though they lost to the Chiefs, their game against them was like watching chess until they tell apart.

I hope we make adjustments for the game. The Pats might be in rebuild mode, but I don't put anything pass them."
Hammerdahn man
Yes I would hammer it up to 9.5.
""
They’re probably gonna list him on the weekly injury report for the first couple years after he retires out of habit.
And still playing like a god tier DB. Thank God this man has been a Raven his whole career
Thanks the 3rd best CB based on PFF put some respect to his name
Once jimmy retires we need to name the injury report after him.
Why is it that some players are so much more injury prone than others?
I’m 40 and I feel like this could be my own injury report. Minus the football. Just regular living.
Probably just Harbaugh shit
"If you didn’t know, despite all this, he is the 3rd highest ranked CB in all of the NFL according to PFF. This is one of his best years playing."
"Death, Taxes, and the rare 50-Burger about to get dropped on the Patriots with 2 Pick-6s from Jimmy “Ballhawk” Smith! How about that?

Support radio shows, buh."
this is what the end of an NFL career looks like...
""
We never throw streaks though. Switch it to a dig route instead lol
"I don't know butt about football. I've watched for years and am a Ravens fan but I'm not a student of the game. For those who are, what's with all the running from Jackson on 3rd down? Is it pass protection breaking down that often or are they seriously calling for Jackson to keep running on 3rd? It seems laughable how much it happens."
Number 4 kills me every time
I love how some of you all are losing your minds over a handful of bad games with Greg Roman after we dealt with Cam Cameron for years...
"Doesn't help that Lamar is pretty dreadful at throwing sideling breaking routes. There's a reason most of our pass plays are over the middle. I know people criticize Roman's playcalling, but Lamar is definitely limited in what types of throws he can make consistently."
"This is kinda stupid

When do we ever run draws?

I’m as annoyed as anyone about the offense looking stagnant but this kind of a swing and a miss"
""
My problem with Judon is how he is getting pressure. He cant breathe on a qb unless its a blitz. While Yannick haant produced a sack for us yet he has brought pressure beating tackles
Everybody that's down on Judon also has to remember he drops into coverage A LOT and both him and Bowser's ability to that is a lot of what frees up Wink to send different pressure.. while I think we will have to let him walk for the $ he wants.. it's going to hurt noticably when he's gone.. and if we lose Bowser next year too the LB core is gonna be THIN.
"Judon is a solid player. 

Just not solid enough to pay him what he wants. Franchise tag was exactly the right move for the team this year."
"Agree on being too down on Judon, but I wouldn’t put too much stock into Yannick’s standing there. The other star rusher in Minnesota was injured, and their interior DL’s been soft due to Michael Pierce opting out. Yannick wasn’t performing too well but his supporting cast on the line is a lot better now. With respect to his performance in Baltimore, I think within the next few weeks we’ll have a more solid answer of what to expect."
"Echo-ing what people are saying on here, he is a below average edge rusher and an above average for his position at dropping into coverage, disguising strange blitzes and obviously above average at stopping the run. The problem is that we don't really have another guy that can get pressure without blitzing so we can't afford to pay him what he can get on a team that does have an OLB getting pressure with someone else that can draw attention away and make him deadly."
"Plot twist, we let both of them walk for 2 3rd round comps and sign JJ Watt"
""
"OL results vs Colts, including:

* 10 men on the field for a play
* A fine run of pass blocking by Orlando Brown
* Lot's of difficulty handling DeForest Buckner
* Grading breakdowns for each lineman"
Not loading for me:(
In week 1 we put up 38 points Lamar looked flawless and him and Andrews connection was looking as good as ever and Hollywood put up over 100 yards. And then as weeks went by it became “when is this offense going to click” while everyone simultaneously forgot that it did click in the very first game of the year. Was that a matter of The Browns not being ready for us like other teams were? Or was it just an anomaly?
"The Ravens generally became sloppy on offense (holdings, illegal shifts, false starts, etc) and it seems as the season goes on, its becoming easier for defenses to figure out Greg Romans play calls"
"Week 1 with a new coaching staff against the best team in the league the year before is really tough. I’m also willing to bet they didn’t expect the Ravens to run the same exact offense, but that’s another issue."
It was against the Browns
They also played the Browns whose defense is horrible.
tbh I think a big reason is that the Texans suck ass this year
[deleted]
""
Bringing back jimmy was one of the most underrated moves any team made in the offseason imo
And Humphrey missed a game
This is a big part of what makes Juiceman so effective.
Idk who this hill guy is but I wonder if the Rams need a fifth
"In the 2nd half of the Colts game, what changed for the offense? I have heard some people say Roman wasn't calling the plays. Is this true? I went back and rewatched the offense and noticed this. This is the QB coach James Urban talking with Lamar. It looks like he is telling Lamar the play with a play sheet. Does he usually do this? I find it hard to believe that someone just decided Roman would not call the plays in the 2nd half and that the QB coach took over. But, the drastic change was really interesting. 

https://preview.redd.it/u9pcjbbdury51.png?width=1508&format=png&auto=webp&s=77d16b75d87aa465095b65ee58172762222dc6e6"
"Spread formations, quick throws, and uptempo. 

This helped Lamar to stop playing “hero ball” and just take what the defense gave him. Our receivers (WRs & TEs) found more holes in the coverage and the Colts D was constantly off balance."
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gwkZTKZvsY&list=WL&index=14&t=4s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gwkZTKZvsY&list=WL&index=14&t=4s)
"Roman is up in the box, so I’d imagine someone would have a play sheet on the sideline. 

Impossible to know what happened, but there definitely was a shift. Could have just been Roman finally adjusting or someone else having more input."
"this sub, man"
"I never wanted to be that guy, the homer who decried an unfair treatment by some mythical media conglomerate when a player on my team is getting criticized but here we are. 

Dan Patrick had it best when he pointed out that in the 90s it was all about a catch phrase. Everyone trying to break into the industry was perfecting a catch phrase to use on air. Then in the 2010s it became the “hot take” and the more controversial the better. Didn’t have to be right as Skip Balis said, just had to get attention. 

Throw in what Bart Scott has been telling us for years, that these pundits don’t know a thing about Football and just parrot things they read from random people or stats that really don’t matter and we come to the current climate. 

Which is Ryan Clark saying Kyler Murray would be better in Baltimore than Lamar. 

Get. 

The. 

Fuck. 

Out. 

Of. 

Here. 


Seriously this man, paid by ESPN had the audacity to say this while ignoring the fact that in the two losses our D either didn’t show up (Chiefs) or Lamar gave them a lead multiple times in the game (Steelers) and that those two losses were to teams with a combined 15-1 record. 

Meanwhile ignoring the fact that the cards lost to the Lions at home and Kyler is throwing to Hopkins, Fitz and Kirk with an offense that isn’t more predictable than a porno plot. 

But this isn’t about Clark and this one comment. This is about the larger climate of sports broadcasting and the fact that these knee jerk reactions are common and encouraged. A climate I generally ignore but am finding it harder and harder to these days. 

It’s sad really. I mean why can’t we just enjoy the games without having to hear the next day how “Lamar will never win a super bowl playing like that...” instead of “this is an unfinished product.” 

Sorry if this rant was long, sorry if it seemed meandering at times or just a guy screaming into our echo chamber here but I’m just sick of the noise around the reigning MVP in favor of some new shinny object."
They say these things solely to get reactions like what you just posted. Heated reactions bring viewers and comments and clicks and therefore money. The only way to win is if we all stop watching ESPN/fox sports except for actual games. I haven’t turned on espn except for MNF in a year or so and I am much happier for it lol
"You cant pin the KC loss only on the defense. They scored to make it 13-10, we went 3 and out without running once, and handed Mahomes the ball back immediately. When your offensive gameplan isnt to try to run on KC as much as possible and keep Mahomes off the field, you screw your defense over."
"""offense that isn't more predictable than a porn plot""  Found your 90s catch phrase! 

You're spot on, dude. The era of 'hot takes' is annoying at best and downright destructive at worst - looking at you, Skip."
Well saying something level headed such as “kyler is playing better this year but Lamar is the reigning mvp so we need more time to decide who’s better” won’t get you any attention
"> I mean why can’t we just enjoy the games without having to hear the next day how “Lamar will never win a super bowl playing like that...” 

Because we keep clicking on their shit, and getting super upset about it and making tons of posts about it, which generates even more clicks because now we've given it even more attention.

Stop clicking/watching their content--then they get no money."
"It's a tale as old as time. Hot controversial takes get clicks and views. More clicks and views = more $$$.

Gonna just get worse as time goes on. No reason to get worked up over these. Just laugh and carry on."
"OP,

You’re getting bent out of shape about what some dude in a suit says about your favorite QB.  Some dumbass who played football but cannot anymore.  Oh and a former Steeler?  SMH. 

You’re safe here in r/ravens where people who love what you love and feel what you feel can get into your head and make you miserable INSTEAD of a deadass MFer you saw on TV.  We have all of the outrageous commentary and ego shattering bullshit you could want right here.  We love you and we’ll make you cry better than stupid  Ryan Clark."
"You literally took their bait, well done."
"I love Lamar.  He's super exciting.  But, he's not the type of QB that's going to be able to carry this team without a strong supporting cast.  If we end up paying him the $40m/yr he's going to demand, we're going to set ourselves back for many years.  QB contracts are getting outrageous and more often than not are actually bad decisions long-term.

Look to trade him after 2022 and you can get a king's ransom most likely.  If not, franchise in 2023 and move on."
"This definitely is unpopular. We *finally* have a real franchise QB, who was the second ever unanimous MVP still with plenty of room to grow. Barring a massive collapse over the next few years, why would we ever let that go?"
"Very very very Unpopular.
Jackson must stay.
He's improving.

Yes, one can argue that he has regressed, but look at what he has been dealing w/. Before, he would allow falling behind to get to him. Now, he doesn't. Big change from last year to this year. Yes, we were losing and fell behind with the chiefs, but he didn't give up. Normally, the whole o-line falls apart. He kept fighting... And look at what happened with Colts. 

And what qb do you propose we get instead? You're talking a major rebuild if he leaves."
Oofs this is why I unsub every other week this year. Some of yall are absolutely wild.
"Ravens are winning at an insane rate and now all the sudden we need a new QB. An upgrade over Lamar doesn’t grow on a tree. You want to tank a whole season to get a top 5 pick?

Gtfo here this take is garbage."
A little early to be speculating Lamar Jackson’s future IMO. We are just halfway through this season. If you have watched the Ravens since what 1997 you should appreciate how hard it is to land a talent such as Lamar. He’s a franchise QB and is worth every penny if he continues to grow and we can use him properly. We have had 16 different starting quarterbacks in our history. Not an easy position to fill.
"> But, he's not the type of QB that's going to be able to carry this team without a strong supporting cast. 

He's already doing that. 

It's too early to know if this will be the right move or not, but it certainly won't be because he isn't carrying the team enough, because he clearly already is:

Look at all the first time pro bowlers last year. 

Look at our record since he took over. 

Look at how just having him on the field changes opposing defenses. 

Look at the numerous records the team has set since he took over.

He even helps the defense by using so much of the clock.

None of these things are because we suddenly got a better supporting cast. ALL of these things are because we decided to start Lamar Jackson."
"You're looking three seasons down the road, though. We have no idea what his game will look like at that point. 

You could make this argument if he never shows improvement, but just look at him now compared to his rookie season, and think right now we are farther from your theoretical end point than we are from Lamar's first start."
"yeah, garbage take lol. By this logic the majority of the quarterbacks in the nfl dont deserve to get paid. What top teams in the nfl doesnt have a good supporting cast outside of the seahawks and even the seahawks have two number one receivers. Also $40m/yr contracts for quarterback is just where the market is going. Good quarterbacks dont grow on trees and especially quarterbacks like lamar that have a ton of upside"
Sooo which quarterback CAN carry a weak supporting cast? Lamar has one of the weakest receiving corps and he’s done better than many will give him credit for
"There is some merit in the idea of just drafting a new QB every 5 years, as to avoid the 30-40mil cap hit that QBs are starting to require now. And while it can definitely backfire, see Goff/Wentz, giving Mahomes 40+mil a year was absolutely the correct move for KC. Lamar is not Mahomes, but I don't think he's Goff or Wentz either. I say we at least let him have this year and next before we talk about cutting him lol. IF by the end of 2021 he's still struggling with the same things, maybe we don't give him 40 million sure, but I don't think thatll be the case"
Were you born this stupid or did you have to take classes?
"I think the ravens have a great team this year and is held back by offensive scheme and penalties.  I hope they can clean that up and make a solid run.

With that said, I wanted to discuss what our needs should be next year as a team.

To me, this team is missing a nasty Center.  Think Nick Mangold.  I usually disagree with taking interior lineman in the first two rounds due to positional scarcity, but this team is pretty well set at other positions.

If taking an interior lineman gives you heartburn, which it does for me, here is another option.  We need to draft a mauling Right Tackle.  He can play at guard and help open up running lanes until Orlando Brown leaves (I can’t see them paying Stanley and brown).  This mauling RT could also be the swing tackle if we keep Brown while playing guard.

I read the offensive line film study every week and to me, the line is missing a true mauler in the run game.  The big negatives here is that you use a high pick on an interior lineman and we already have so many on the roster in Bozeman, Tyre, powers, bredeson, Mekari.

Stupid or decent plan?"
"O Line is a huge need it’s been pretty mediocre at best this year. I wouldn’t be surprised if that’s 2 of their first 3 picks. That being said we all know the Ravens always take the best player available so if it ends up being DB/DE/DB I wouldn’t be surprised either lol. I don’t even want to say we should get a big body WR bc I know we won’t and if we do we won’t develop him well, so I’m all for OL"
"Interior OL is usually a pretty safe pick in the 1st round. You get a polished player at a discount because the position is devalued compared to others. Here's a list of all interior linemen taken in the first round (most at the back end) from 2010 to 2017. Based on this, you've got a 25% chance for an All-Pro, 50% chance for a pro bowler (or All-Pro) and a 90% chance of at least a consistent quality starter. 

* \- Mike Iupati (All Pro)
* \- Maurkice Pouncey (All Pro)
* \- Mike Pouncey (pro bowler)
* \- James Carpenter 
* \- Danny Watkins (bust)
* \- David DeCastro  (All Pro)
* \- Kevin Zeitler
* \- Jonathan Cooper (bust)
* \- Chance Warmack
* \- DJ Fluker
* \- Justin Pugh
* \- Kyle Long (pro bowl)
* \- Travis Frederick (All Pro)
* \- Zack Martin (All Pro)
* \- Brandon Scherff (pro bowler)
* \- Ereck Flowers
* \- Andrus Peat (pro bowler)
* \- Laken Tomlinson
* \- Ryan Kelly (pro bowler)
* \- Josh Garnett"
Off and Def line.  Gotta restock the trenches.
"Best player available. 

Likely needs in the off-season between FA and the draft are offensive line, receiver, edge, corner (Jimmy isn’t playing 4 more years), and defensive end. 

If we don’t think we get Andrews to stick around we need a receiving tight end."
Taking an IOL early worked out pretty well for the Colts recently.... Depends on who's available.  But I'd rather target a veteran IOL via trade/FA and just go BPA as usual in the draft.
"Early rounds: Edge, Center, Cornerback, Free Safety

Later Rounds: Runningback, Linebacker, Guard/Tackle, Tight End, Nose tackle

I think Skura might be out this year. Apart from last game and a couple of the early games he has played okay, but it's hard to believe the Ravens would pay him much. 

Judon is likely gone with Ngakoue in the mix so that's a place to upgrade. Jimmy only has another season or 2 left, and who knows what happens with Tavon. Same with BWill. 

Elliott has been good but it would be better if he could play closer to the LOS and if he gets hurt we're in trouble.

If Gus and/or Ingram leave, an RB makes sense.

LB core is solid after last year but could use some depth. None of the TEs we got this year seemed to impress.

Guard is a potential need but they seem to have faith in Tyre and honestly he could get better, all depends on his latter half of the season.

All this said, the Ravens Will go BPA as they always do and we'll likely be surprised at the picks they make."
"* Wyatt Davis (iOL/Ohio St)
* Josh Meyers (iOL/Ohio st)
* DeVonte Smith (WR/Alabama)
* Rashod Bateman (WR/Minnesota) 
* Chris Olave (WR/Ohio St)
* Kwity Paye ( EDGE/Michigan)"
A guard and a versatile TE is all I ask for
""
"Wait, the Ravens are a defensive team first?
👨‍🚀🔫👩‍🚀"
Number 1 in points allowed always sounds bad to me lmao
Also the 3rd fewest penalties on defense. That stat surprised me!
Is that good?
And #1 in our hearts
And to think some idiots in here were saying to fire Wink after the KC game.
"Now, if we can get our offense rolling this team would be unstoppable"
I never understood why the No 1 defense was considered by yards allowed. Shouldn't it be points allowed?
I believe I saw a graphic up during the Colts game that the Ravens are near the bottom when it comes to red zone TD % allowed. Is that true? Great stats otherwise
Playmakers win games and the Ravens have a ton
We are number one.
"We’re a little over halfway through the season, and the @Ravens defense is ...
 
No. 1 in points allowed
No. 1 in touchdowns scored
No. 1 in forced fumbles 
No. 1 in fumble recoveries

***

posted by [@sgellison](https://twitter.com/sgellison)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
YESSSSS! That’s how we do it!
As per usual. The Ravens are basically a rockstar defense ballasting a foundering offense.
bUt ThE sTeElErS aRe ThE mOsT dOmInAnT dEfEnSe
"Best defense in the league, bar none."
And some peeps in the game thread were saying we played terrible defense last Sunday lol. People really be expecting 50-0 games. Good to hear. Defenses win championships.
Inject this shirt right into my veins
"That Colts win on the road is looking awfully good tonight, Colts blowing up the Titans in Nashville"
EDC has done a great job with personnel. I hope we keep Yannick beyond the year. But I dont know how the cap space year is going to effect our ability to keep all the talent
"And still some idiots are saying that we should fire Greg Roman and move on from Lamar. 

I can't understand what these people are thinking that these moves could achieve"
""
"once marlo got it, it was clear no one was safe

if he cant defend against covid, no one can"
"Not good that someone has covid, but as of right now everything I’ve read says it isn’t an impact player. Still hope he recovers fine and can get back out there soon."
No high risk contacts is nice. Let’s hope it’s not an impact player.
If there’s no high risk contacts might be an injured player.
If Covid takes away my Ravens beating the patriots prime time in front of the world.. I’ll kinda kinda sad.
"One would assume that it is a practice squad, injured, or special teams player since no close contacts, right?"
Came in to trash Bonds but I see he has already been thoroughly dragged already......
Looks like this might have been Iman Marshall aka Biggie that has contracted COVID. I believe he was already out for the year on IR.
Please be bonds please be bonds
Does anyone know who got it?
""
GTFO
PAIN
Sounds like a practise squad player seeing as there were no high risk contacts. But I could be wrong. I honestly still don’t get how all this works.
Who on the team doesn't hang out with anyone else?
[deleted]
We actually had both of them represent the Ravens
I'm a U of M fan so I get both lol
I don’t necessarily think it’s all Jim’s fault to their underperformance every year. I mean I’m not a Michigan fan and I don’t got a dog in the fight but I think it’s their expectations that are incorrect. Mike Greenberg did a really nice piece on it. https://twitter.com/Espngreeny/status/1201891045686087680?s=20
To be fair.... This could also be a cautionary tale and could very well be us in a couple of years. Hopefully not though.
AHHH
Sleep in it's an evening game
Rooting hard for you guys tonight. We love you 😘
hopefully we can get rolling and defeat the Pats once again. When was the last time BAL had a winning streak against NE?
I’m actually up for one of these! FUCK THE PATS.
I’m fucking sick today ;( Hope to god this not Covid dammit
Never went to sleep😤😤
""
They gonna get WINKED
"Every week this season, I will be doing a crappy photoshop for our matchup. Here are the past week's submissions.

Week 1: [Don Lamar](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/irwb9l/oc_now_you_come_to_me_on_this_opening_day_and_you/)

Week 2: [The Texans Chainsaw Massacre](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/iwbbvu/week_2_matchup_photoshop_the_texans_chainsaw/)

Week 3: [Over the Top](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j1a0yh/week_3_matchup_photoshop_this_year_harbaugh_takes/)

Week 4: [He Got Game](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j4y37u/week_4_matchup_photoshop_he_got_game/)

Week 5: [Gladiator](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j92pjf/week_5_matchup_photoshop_markus_andrewicus_slayer/)

Week 6: [Eagle Eye](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jdeghk/week_6_matchup_photoshop_calais_campbell_will_be/)

Week 7: [Byecentennial Man](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jhs8gy/bye_week_photoshop_yannick_ngakoue_came_just_in/)

Week 8: [No Country For Old Ben](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jm1jad/week_8_match_up_photoshop_no_country_for_old_ben/)

Week 9: [A Rivers Runs Through It](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jqbi8n/week_9_match_up_photoshop_a_rivers_runs_through_it/)"
I love these. Keep em coming!
I hope he whips out the gold chain today
I think we all know what movie will inspire next week...
"For a long time, it has been ""we have to play Patriots this year."" Now, it's ""we *get* to play the Patriots this year."""
[removed]
Um..no?
Back to TikTok with yo ass!
[removed]
[deleted]
""
i want to upvote this but i also don't want to tempt fate...i'll vote after the game
YESSSSSSSSSS!!!! WE NEED THIS CAT EVERY PRE GAME LOL
"On behalf of this subreddit, I’d like to apologize for my jinx"
Lol this is hilarious! I love this meme
it’s because i upvoted this earlier this morning that we are down 10
F
...
How do I kill a post?
oy...
I don’t get it?
I wanna say this will be a easy win since these are obviously not the NE we all know use to know but if there’s one man you don’t bet against it’s Bill Belichick
u/savethisvideo
This is incredible. One of my favourite memes.
Uh oh
"leekspin.com for more

But it requires flash, so it might not work :/"
This is my favorite meme
this video made 2020 worth it
Apparently everyone else has seen an iteration of this before. I have not. I just replayed it like 20 times and cracked up just as hard the last time as the first
This is why you dont post this kinda stuff BEFORE a game. Shame
/u/SaveThisVideo
"Hey guys, Patriots fan here (don’t downvote immediately). I saw this post earlier and thought it was a bit cocky. Just wanna day although I’m really happy that my team won, you guys played well. I look forward to our rematch, IN THE PLAYOFFS! Go Pats"
r/agedlikemilk
Ayo what happened lmao? btw Im not a Patriot fan or even AFC team fan
"As a pats fan, this aged like wine."
Aged well lmfao
"The ravens and poorly aged memes, love to see it"
"https://youtu.be/7yh9i0PAjck


Original if anyone is interested"
howd that work for you guys?
On them we shall stunt
"Holy shit, I drive my gf nuts watching this all the time and then I kinda tapered off. Now you gave me another reason to 🤣. You are my hero."
It’s pretty much there in the title. I’m leaving this afternoon to start a long road trip to my new home a couple thousand miles outside my beloved Baltimore. I’ll settle for streaming the game on my radio while driving. Anyone have recommendations on what’s the best way to tune in?
"Fortunately it’s Sunday night football so you ought to be able to hear it called on sports stations throughout your drive. 

Check the [Westwood station finder](https://westwoodonesports.com/stations/) to know the best signal to tune into the game. 

Have a safe and good trip!"
I think xm has it. But not sure
the actual Ravens app should have the radio broadcast available to you!
It’s SNF so the game will be on Westwood One. You should easily be able to listen in the whole game no matter what state you are in. You may just need to find what station is Westwood one in each state
Tune in radio app has bailed me out before. Use the free trial and you don’t have to pay anything.
"Satellite radio. 
You can get a portable kit with an FM transmitter. 
Try it for a week and decide you don't like it."
""
"Here is a bigger & better (non-cropped) version of the same image:

[BALamaRaven / MagiCaw 8-BAL / LamarkaBAL / LaMarvelous / Elite L-8](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EIgGE-DU8AEXHh6?format=jpg&name=large)"
That’s hard
"Please let us win...
I believe we have this...
But our last primetime game 😒
The next time, we meet the Chiefs we will out Mahome, Mahomes lol"
Van Noy is a Dolphin and Hightower is sitting out this year.
"Been watching all this stuff all week about Roman's play calling being predictable, and outdated, which may be slightly true. However, Lamar also needs to reflect a bit as well. It shouldn't matter if the defense knows whats coming, because, when Lamar is playing at his top tier, they can't stop him even when they know what's coming. He's explosive in the pass and run game when he's at his best, and Roman calls those plays thinking that Lamar is going to be at his best. And we've seen Lamar hesitate much more this year than he did last. Lamar doesn't need to worry about if the option is predictable, when he is explosive enough to make defenders mess up on any play.

I always think of the greatest closer, Mariano Rivera. The man threw one pitch, a cut fastball. Everyone knew it was coming. And it didn't matter, because no one could hit it. That's where Lamar needs to be at, not going on talk shows talking about how defenses are calling out plays, or Roman's schemes are vanilla. Lamar needs to stunt on these hoes no matter what the play call is, because he has that ability. Get that confidence back Lamar that you can beat anyone."
"Make sure to tell Lamar ""just play better"""
"Lamar wasn’t the only one to call Roman out. Fans noticed, Hollywood sent that tweet, and apparently Mark Andrews said something as well. How can he be solely responsible for being “confident” with playcalling that majority of the offense is not happy with?"
"It’s not about confidence. We go over this daily, time and time and again. Read the 100+ other posts discussing this."
Bro I’m convinced people on here don’t even watch football what the fuck is this take man 😭😭
""
"He was saying they call out plays all the time, and are usually wrong. Its just a tactic defenses use. And even when defenses knew the play, they couldn't always stop it. Lamar can't let it get to him, and needs to dominate even if the defense does know the play."
"Bruschi always struck me as being a smug jackass. Hope he's healthy and doing alright physically after that stroke, but otherwise, I never liked the guy."
"""You know how many times I try to call out a Peyton Manning play and I was wrong?""

I don't think Lamar says this if they're wrong, though."
Teddy is one of the ignorant bill believers that thanks the patriots are still super bowl contenders I wouldn't read too much into it
"Is that Matt 'We'll take the ball, and we're gonna score' Hasselbeck talking about ""hot button things you can say as a player that crushes a coach""?"
Wow! An intelligent conversation that wasn’t just Greg Roman bashing
Teddy Bruschi is a clown. Just like that other ESPN “analyst” Dan Orlovsky.
Brushchi is a hateful PoS. That's all I came to say.
"Why do they keep acting like he said ""they're out here calling out pass and run"" he said they know our plays.. that's a little different"
"He's right, Lamar needs to mature a little"
""
This is so damn sad; saw this in the Baltimore and Maryland subs as well. Just heartless to do this to someone. Truly hoping she can be found.
"Ah man... I'm so sorry. I can't imagine what you're going through. I hope someone comes forward.

Just curious, does Rosie have a chip? You might be able to reach out to local vets to give them a heads up."
I hope mods let this stay up and you find her safe and sound!
Man I feel for you bro.  This is fucked up on another level.  Hope you get her home safe man.
Ugh. Let us know if you have any luck.
"God I wish I could help you, but I’m not in the Baltimore area (I’m from Virginia). Hope you find her though, this is so fucked up"
I’d give you a hug if I could.
I’ll post this on my insta story i hope you find your dog
https://www.gofundme.com/f/get-rosie-back?sharetype=teams&member=6761946&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_source=customer&utm_campaign=p_na+share-sheet&rcid=ec3773a9272945758e9bb1981ce5f3f4
Where do I report this not being Ravens related?
""
Trash ass games damn
FUCK THE STEELERS
I long for the day the Ravens finally get a bonifide all pro receiver like DeAndre Fucking Hopkins. What an absolute beast.
Geez I hate when we play the night/late games.   I am just counting the hours till we play and it makes Sunday sooooo long in not a good way
TIL Alex Collins still plays in the NFL.
"Daniel ""Lamar Jackson"" Jones"
"Two former Ravens from the 2013 squad, A.Q. Shipley and Ryan Jensen, now make up 2/5ths of Tampa Bay's o-line with starting left guard Ali Marpet out today. Jensen moves to guard in the interim while Shipley takes over Jensen's spot at center."
I really hope Texans win and I think they def can.
"**WHOA NELLY, ARIZONA WINS IT ON A HAIL MARY TD FROM MURRAY TO HOPKINS!!!!!**

Man, what a game that was."
Thanks for nothing Houston
TD Alex Collins
Fuck the Steelers checking in
"Gonna sound like a broken record but still pissed that we didnt draft Diggs... we desperately have needed WR for basically our whole existence, have a talented stud from right in our backyard and passed on him multiple times in the draft

Edit: and now Hopkins caught a hail mary in triple coverage"
"Wow, that was amazing"
Fuck the useless bengals
"That hail mary  was amazing, and the BUF/ARI game in general was a great game. Glad ARI won"
Fuck the Bengals
"This Bills/Cardinals game has been nuts! Buffalo just took the lead, 30-26, with only 34 seconds left."
"Can't depend on Houston for shit.

Or the Bungles, as a matter of fact. Fucking useless."
I’m annoyed that there’s no CBS game and instead of watching Texans Browns we have to watch WFT
Nothing goes our way second week in a row
"Latest weather update for the game shows that thee 1st half should be rain free, while the 2nd half should dump rain. I’m hoping it stays more dry- lamar hasn’t played his best games in the rain."
The amount of terrible penalty calls in these games today is making me nervous for tonight
The Bengals need to bench Burrow until they can protect him with something better than wet toilet paper. Gonna ruin that guys career
I want to see tom brady loss again.
Holy shit only 5 noon games and 6 4pm games?? What gives??
"Took a Fat ass L taking Hollywood before:


AJ Brown


DK Metcalf


Deebo Samuel


Diontae Johnson



Also Boykin is trash."
I’m finding myself rooting against Kyler Murray which is a damn shame.
Is it 8:20pm yet?
So we don't get the browns or the steelers games in baltimore today?
Dustin Johnson made the masters a snoozer
For our sake I hope Zac Taylor is the Bengals coach for a long time. That team has more talent than 4 wins in 25 games or whatever it is since he took over.
One order of Dhop please
Anyone tell me where I can find a live free feed of the RAVENS GAME TONIGHT?
[deleted]
I bet on the ravens winning by 14. I’m feeling pretty good about it
Just curious I cant find much information on it.
"Geno was called up, maybe that put us at 53? Probs need more secondary help than WR"
"It's going to be rainy, so more runs on offense hopefully and needed depth in the secondary. We can also only activate him from the PS a certain number of times"
"Cam fumbles, it’s raining, Geno hits hard. Dez probably just isn’t ready yet which we should’ve expected. Hopefully he’s ready for the cowboys game which is when we want him most"
Nasty weather.
"FYI: There are currently only 52 players on the active roster. This was also the case last week. They are apparently keeping that 53rd spot open for someone, perhaps an eventual IR returnee (e.g. Tyre Phillips) or potential outside signing, such as Luke Willson.

Initially, I would have thought Dez Bryant was going to grab that slot. However, he still has another call-up left before that becomes a necessity. Same goes for Geno Stone, who got a freebie last week for technically replacing a COVID list player in Marlon Humphrey. Thus, tonight counts as #1.

Teams can have 55 active for game day, but can only dress a maximum of 48. However, to activate said number, there must be at least 8 OL dressed. Baltimore has made sure to do just that all season long.

Still, it seems strange to only have 52 on the active roster, PLUS only call up one PS player, when they're allowed 2 each week. This is especially peculiar considering how shorthanded they are at both OT & TE, respectively.

It would be extremely bad to lose 1 player at either one of those positions! Also, what happens if they lose both OTs, similar to how they lost 2 players capable of playing OT vs. PIT? Obviously, neither Will Holden nor R.J. Prince are good enough to even warrant temporary promotions.

I certainly don't want to see Mekari playing RT, let alone have to find out the hard way who would man the LT position in such a scenario! I suppose the only logical lineup in that instance would become this: Bozeman–Bredeson–Skura–Powers–Mekari. Better hope Boyle stays healthy!

I wonder who the 5 inactive players will be tonight. I can come up with these 4 easily: Trace McSorley, Calais Campbell, Jimmy Smith & L.J. Fort. Since Ingram is back, Justice Hill seems like a candidate, despite ST contributions. I sure hope versatile Jihad Ward isn't the 5th scratch!"
"Weather, plus he could use another week learning the offense, plus we can only call him up once more before we have to sign him to the 53, if I’m correct. 

Plus even though it’s the Pats, this is a game we should win without any extra help. Any given Sunday of course but analytically we should save Dez for a game we might need him. Maybe thanksgiving?"
I'll ask the coach next time I see him.
"Because we needed to call up Geno Stone for more depth in the secondary, besides mans was probably just gonna run block for two snaps anyways especially considering that it’s gonna start raining heavy in Boston"
"Go listen to what Jason La Canfora said on the Rich Eisen Show earlier this week.   Basically, our expectation was that Dez's first game would be on Thanksgiving. But, Duvernay was banged up all week before the Colts game so we activated Dez just in case."
He no good no more yet
BECAUSE. HE. IS. ON. THE. PRACTICE. SQUAD.
"We have depth needed at other positions right now. Plus the coaches may not be happy where he is at right now. 

He isn’t going to bring what everyone is hoping he will. I hope I’m wrong, but I just don’t see it."
"Because Greg Roman’s playbook only calls for passes to Hollywood and Andrews. 

All jokes aside, it sounds like the coaches aren’t seeing the same guy from 3 years ago. He only had 2 snaps last week"
""
This aged BEAUTIFULLY
""
[deleted]
Perriman.
"Queen. 

Time to come out and blast Cam on all those called qb runs. He can go along way in that rookie defensive player of the year voting with a play making game on national tv."
Queen
I'm jealous.
"Queen or Marlo, I'm thinking Queen."
Tucker the 🐐
"Mount these on a wall. Buy a Ravens sweatshirt. Never fucking ever wear another man’s jersey. Ok, though, if your brother plays and you’re in a wheelchair."
"Only local game on tv is the Washington and Detroit game. Ok game but not great teams. 

The Browns and Texans game looks awful when they show a highlight. Good. 

Can’t wait for tonight!"
Laptop and an HDMI cable and you can watch any game.  I have to use it down here in Florida to get Raven games.  It really is nice being able to watch them without spending any money.
CBS had the Master’s rights and I don’t think NFL wanted to compete with that anyways.
Red zone surely?
""
""
Lmao why he looks like a villain 😂
He reminds me of the villain from The Princess and the Frog but with a mustache
He looks like he wants to kidnap you and make you perform in a traveling circus.
Why's he look like Little Richie with braids?
I didn't know R. Kelly got out of jail and started playing for the Ravens
Jafar Jackson
California raisin looking ass.
No thanks. Sticking with the funko pops.
Now that is Lemib Jibsplib
It says choking hazard...... not exactly wrong
Anyone know Alex Collins was back in the NFL? I had no clue
"I liked Alex Collins some games, but does anyone remember how he would always try to bounce runs to the outside and often lose yards?"
Running great so far today....what could have been....
Apparently he signed to the Seahawks practice squad on Nov 4. News to me too.
Sure did but John brown is the one you wish was still a Raven.
Lamar coming in was the end of his time in Baltimore. All the bouncing runs outside when you have lamar back there wasn't cutting it
"I'm glad for him that he's worked his way back into the league, he seemed like a good guy other than that dumbass pot citation.  Just throw the stuff in the woods while you're waiting for the cops, man!

He wouldn't be a great fit in Roman's offense, but he'd still be useful in an outside zone run team."
""
"He was so fun to watch his one good year with us. I wish things could have worked out, but I think Dobbins will be even better for us."
"Wheres the irish jig? Disappointed, but glad to see he's back."
"Glad he back in the league. At least now he can wreck his car with a legal amount of weed on board, minus the firearm"
Oml seahawks are always so unlucky with runningback injuries. Im happy for collins nonetheless
looks dope wearing 41 kinda like Kamara
Good for Alex. He juked that guy at the ten into space.
Dude was so stupid when he was here with us. You gonna be a football player and a drug dealer on the side?
Just dancing his way in.
Damn I remember the around the time after he got cut I dapped him up at The Charles in Fed Hill
He's back?!? Happy for him honestly. Hopefully he turned his life around and had a great second chance in football. Dude balled out for us in his one year.
Did that guy really call him Austin Collins?? Come on
I loved him. He came thru for us hard that year. He was also stepping into Ray Rice's shoes.
[removed]
Sir.... this is a Wendy’s.. 😐
This is the last time I visit yalls sub bruh
""
"We never get outside help.

We also never cheer for our rivals in our house."
Neither did the cowboys or titans. The jags or bills probably won’t either. If we want the Steelers to lose we have to do it ourselves.
"If I'm being completely honest I almost don't want to win the division. I want this team entering playoffs as wildcard with a chip on their shoulder. Get that underdog mentality that helped us win it in 2012. Plus its gonna be really tough to catch Pitt at this point in the season anyway. Theyve still got pretty much guarenteed 3 wins with cin, cle, and jax, and we are 2.5 games behind if we win tonight."
Cincy fucking sucks lol. They have no defense and they have no oline. I didn’t watch that game but burrow probably needs an extra long ice bath tonight
Always leave it to the Browns and Bengals choking against the Steelers.
"Well, it looks like we're going to get another shot at giving them their first loss(unless the Jags pull an upset next week)"
[deleted]
JK Dobbins
"Our coaches are so dense that they'd actually put Ingram in as the starter over JK and Gus. Remember, JK was getting like 2 snaps a game when Ingram was healthy."
To be honest I love Mark Ingram to death but Gus Bus is the answer for the remainder of the year. Till the wheels fall off baby let’s go!!!!
Big boy no little boy
Don’t overthink it. If Ingram is active it’s likely he gets the most carries
I would play gus
"Jk, Gus, Ingram, in that order"
[removed]
""
How unfortunate
"Maybe our receivers group will look nfl caliber, now."
ROMAN PLEASE LET HOLLYWOOD GO OFF
LET LAMAR COOK
"Incoming haters saying Lamar only got 5 touchdowns because no Gilmore, calling it here"
Huge
Russell wilson:loses and plays like shit against good teams
"Russ just dropped further down, if not completely out, of the MVP race now. 

He alone accounts for 12 turnovers in the last month or so now.

I have nothing against Russ, I actually like him, but FUCK those salty Seahawks fans who continously trashed Lamar. No MVP for him again!"
Yeeeah.... Kyler definitely just validated the discussion ESPN has been fueling all week between him and Lamar though
Facts
""
Judon doing juuuuust enough to get the bag from the Jets
How can every team in the league scheme their receivers open except for the Ravens?
Hollywood getting pissy is hilarious. How the fuck can you average a catch a game and think you should get all the targets?
Lamar’s best passing game of the season and we score 17 points. Wtf is this team sometimes
I think we killed Roman at halftime last week and we’re weekend at burnie-ing him
Still pumped about that screen to Duvernay. That was great
Stop the count!
"That was all on Lamar but, as a sidenote, I thought Hollywood was supposed to be fast? Dude looks average at best speed-wise as of late."
offensive playcalling looking much more like second half vs indy than first half vs indy. very nice.
The pic of Lamar in the shades will forever be legendary
"EXCUSE ME, THAT'S A HOLD?!?!?"
We are so fucked next week 💀
wHaTs ThE pOiNt oF HaViNg SoUlJaS
What’s the point of having Soulja’s if they never get separation? (Never!)
Willie Snead is our real number one
"20/26, 224 yds, 2 tds 1 int in pouring rain with a swiss cheese oline and greg roman

Not bad for a running back"
"HOW ABOUT SOME LOVE FOR MEKARI??

Dude stepped in at C, RG and now RT and for the most part holds his own. Can't ask for much more from a UDFA"
Not on the stat sheet but Yannick with heavy pressure on 2nd and 3rd down. Got us off the field.
"If anyone blames Lamar for this game, they need to get their head out of their fucking ass."
Lamar is currently 3/3 53 yards on this drive
"LMFAO I missed the touchdown because they interrupted the broadcast to tell me a tornado is about to rip through New York apparently, lol.

What happened?!?"
Loving the implication that we single handedly ended the Pats dynasty last year
Big Ben is a rapist
I want to see more of Brown and Duv in space man.  That Duv play was tight.
Lamar refusing to run with at least 8 yards of open grass on that second down shows me they're coaching some of that instinct out of him.
Hill was being held so he couldn’t see... nice
Whats the point of running wildcat with mark ingram when you have lamar jackson? Lamar is a better runner and passer than ingram 😂
"Collinsworth is right (for once.) Lamar needs to be Lamar. If he takes off, that’s almost definitely a first down. Maybe 3rd and short. Too much of that this season."
these live threads are toxic asf lol
I could never be a nfl player but I certainly couldn't be a punt returner. Fuck that.
Beautiful pressure by Yannick there. Come on man we can't lose this game. They're giving it to us!
Our turnover streak going to end too :(
Chuck Clark with the big brain penalties like when he did a similar thing against BUF last year. He understands the situations so well
Nick boyle is the better blocker by a mile
The first quarter lasted like 5 minutes lol
STOP THE COUNT
The lack of truss in this game day thread is disturbing
"That was all Yannick, two strait plays"
"Don't worry, guys. I'm sure first round fireball Hollywood Brown will make a big play here at the end. The Pats have not been able to stop his explosiveness all night!"
"Brady or no Brady, still fuckin hate the Pats"
"This is the team that struggled against the Jets last week. Just walked right through us, besides Judon’s sack on the first drive they’ve looked like shit"
"Hill was getting held before that, he was completely turned around so he had no idea. But still sloppy play"
"That was soft, we get “held” like that all the time."
"The Ravens and getting owned by Patriot gimmick plays.

Name a more iconic duo."
Derrick henrys gonna run for 250 yards against the ravens next week
"Collinsworth highlighting Pernell McPhee while talking about Judon lol

Someone else doing the work while judon gets credit is a perfect summary of him"
"So... this is the ""everything falls apart"" game.

Jeez. Speedy recovery nick."
Skura may have just cost us this game
That drive was fucking *phenomenal.*
So Derrick Henry is definitely running for like 500 next week
Time to recognize Duvernay as our best receiver.
"Hollywood is not a WR1 for the AFC north, speed can be replicated, height and size can't"
PETERS WAS GETTING HELD WHERRE THE FUCK WAS THAT FLAG
Imagine trying to blame this loss on Lamar LOL
Justice being held the entire way so he can't see the fair catch play.
Hill couldn't se the fair catch call because of the blatant holding making him face the wrong way
This drive feels like it could've been straight out of 2019
ravens fans do 180s on loving/hating the defense so quickly lol
Andrews got hit before he even had the ball lmao
Let me guess that was Lamars fault as well?
"Ooo, AT&T Lily got thicc."
Lamar is throwing dots but nobody can catch them. Amd he'll still be blamed for the loss by the media.
Lamar gets so much shit but we are a 2-6 team without him.
Willie Snead is our best receiver and people still shit on Lamar as a passer.
WE ARE STILL IN THIS FUCK THE DOOMERS LET'S GO OFFENSE
Maybe Judon is saving his energy for a Paul Kruger style playoff breakout......
Lmao. What the hell is Brown mad about? Get open and maybe you'll get the ball.
I think this drive decides if Roman keeps his job
That was a ridiculous hold on Peters
Smart play by Harbaugh going offsides. For real.
Look at the guys Lamar has to play with man Jesus
"No excuses we need to beat that pats team. But half the defense out and half the o/line out is rough against the greatest coach of all time.

Still... so many goddamn mistake it’s gross"
How the fuck is that not holding... held so he can’t see the fair catch called
"Blatant false start, no call"
"#UNPOPULAR OPINION

I like the Ravens"
"play calling is looking suspiciously creative, did GRO already lose play calling privelages"
Jesus fuck what a fast quarter
bonds fucking SUCKS
"I imagine the deepest layer of hell, Chris Collinsworth replaces your inner monologue voice"
"There was no need to make that kind of play. Even if we got an incomplete, I trust Tucker to make a long ass field goal."
"The throw itself wasn’t overly bad. The decision however to throw it to their best corner, to a receiver who’s tiny and won’t fight for a ball is awful."
Why is Andrews the only person who can catch
Snead has been putting the team on his fucking back last few weeks....
DUV AND SNEAD. THE WOMBO COMBO!!
Yannick a beast. Two times he blew the play up
Did any hear that pterodactyl screech?
Hell of a tackle Board.
MATT SKURA GO FUCK YOURSELF
I can’t say this enough fuck Matt Skura
Ya its lamars fault we had to try and convert a 2nd and 26. 🤦🏻‍♂️
"For those that didn’t catch the last minute of the Arizona-Buffalo game, go look up the highlights. That minute is proof that the Ravens FO need to get Lamar an elite wide receiver to pair with. Absolute fantastic finish to that game."
Lamar is getting so much time. These receivers NEED to get separation
We should start of the season with at least 38 corners on the active roster
\#GUS THE MOTHER FUCKING BUS
RIDE THE GUS BUS
Are there any updates on Peters yet? Really hope that wasn't serious
Remember when we thought this was going to be a breakout season for Hollywood with all of those off-season workout videos on Instagram?
"Brandon has been ruled out for the game w/ an ankle injury.

If he can't go next wk, king henry will wreck house nxt wk"
MVP dual threat QB and you put your THIRD best RB in wildcat on fourth down. FIRE GRO FUCK
guys that is not judon's fault what the fuck is that call
If we pull this off I will eat myself
Take your time. Score. Win this shit
"As much as I hate agreeing with collinsworth, he's 100% right there. I know Lamar wants to be a passer first, second, and third, but when you've got his speed and the first down is that wide open to run for, you have to take that regardless of who's open. You always take a first down, especially one that easy."
"He said ""Mark Andrews is a fantastic blocker"" as he fell on his ass, missing his block"
"European fans, how are you guys holding up?"
Snead has really picked up the last three games
Deshon Elliot gave up half the yards and the score there
We should not be relying on Justice Hill inside the 10.
That was an extra 1.5 yards on the spot
You absolutely cannot lose this game against a dogshit football team with TEN and PIT coming up.
Why throw a 50/50 ball to a guy shorter than half the people reading this thread?
Remember when we scored 2 TDs under 2 minutes with no timeouts last year? God that feels like a lifetime ago
Lamar was looking so sharp before that pick. I think he'll bounce back from it
Queen needs to borrow some of that deer antler extract from Ray Lewis in the off-season.
Luckily we stopped them for 3 instead of 6
"To Judons credit, none of the commentators thought it was a foul."
Fuck man. Shout out those pats players who called the Med team over
"The team is annihilated by injuries. Playing absolutely awful. Questions with the offensive coordinator, defense playing bad. Entire season looking extremely bleak. 2020 Ravens Super Bowl confirmed"
"Lamar is so under appreciated for taking the weather, poor blocking, the lack of separation, and the bad snaps in stride , and making it work , think before you try to call him out again .... ever"
"OLine in shambles

Center can't snap

WR don't know how to catch

Only one TE 

Lamar still makes things happen"
My heart drops watching Proche field those punts! Can’t even imagine how difficult it is in this weather!
"I'm so pissed about Boyle, god damnit"
"The ol' Patriot ""foot slip."""
NOW PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD. USE GUS EDWARDS
"Yeah Tramon Williams is our starting CB, came a week ago, we're still in this game.

&#x200B;

Yet somehow the narrative tonight is Newton good Lamar bad"
Ngakue looked real good those last two plays. Real good.
So the snaps are seriously the dumbest problem a team can have.
Hollywood was targeted 6 times. He caught 2. I don't want to hear shit about not using you ~~dawgs~~ *Souljas*
Of course it buckets down when it's our last drive. Nothing goes our way.
This is not Lamars fault. Can only do so much with the team around him.
the patriots could be 0-15 and i would still want to throw EVERYTHING at them. they've been bigger rivals to us in the past 20 yrs than the browns. lets fucking KILL them
Judon will get 4 sacks this game and have good enough numbers for a team to overpay him next year
BEEP BEEP BITCH
Applebees has rats
"Lamar Jackson was 4/4, 73 yards, 14.5 Y/A, 158.3 perfect passer rating on that drive"
Lamar gonna have to throw 4 TDs today
I got a big interview tomorrow so I appreciate all this clock chewing
Holy shit they’re just running it every play and this defence is so  helpless
[deleted]
"Our offense cannot fuck around next half!

The Pats are going to run the ball heavy, and chew the clock."
That's the most pathetic defense I've ever seen from us all year. And two guys down now too. What a shambles.
Fire Roman right now literally get anyone else there
"you have lamar, why the fuck do you even need to try and run wildcat"
"That is an awful call on Judon.  Doesn't make a difference, but that was not on Judon."
Joe & Breshad put up a better fight last week.... the 2015 fucking ravens almost beat this team..
"Ravens good play.


Refs: we don't do that here"
Lamar is making good throws. Nobody wants to catch. And he will be blamed if we lose. can’t wait for the media this week
This is legit Lamar vs. everyone right now
"People out here shitting on Lamar because of the Int. Man is 20/26, for 224 yards 2TDs with a 111.7 rating. Big TRUZZZZZ"
"Glad we punted, that was the smart move."
Plays don’t show up on the stat sheet but ngakuo is disruptive
"Remember, everyone’s gonna say Lamar lost this game"
Now how are we gonna see people flip this on Lamar?
might have been intentional by clark. i think the right move
"Not a Ravens or Patriots fan, but as a casual viewer I wonder whether that was a ""good"" penalty for Baltimore to have?   


They would've almost certainly gotten the first down with only two yards to go, and after they got the first down they would've been able to run out the clock. Conversely now the Ravens will probably get the ball back."
Oh my god chuck was playing 4D chess on the field
The amount of Dobbins I’m not seeing is already pissing me off
Unpopular opinion but Ingram shouldnt get too many touches. He doesnt look as great as he did last year. Bus and Dobbins have been better this year.
"If the ravens win by 7 points, I will win $800 on my parlay. Come on boys let's run em down! Ingram baby!"
NEED IV SNEAD
That’s a passing touchdown too 😂
Lamar you owe Snead a Ruth Chris dinner after he gifted you that passing TD
Lamar jackson in the same category as OJ Simpson! Hopefully on the field only 😂
We had 4 dudes there to make a play there
Of course Cam remembers how to play football when he plays us JFC
looks like Calais Campbell is a bigger deal on that D-line than i thought
Fuck. We’re definitely missing Campbell and Jimmy Smith. Smith was having a pro bowl season
The notion that Hollywood is a number one is hilarious.
Hows that a hold
Yo Ingram in commercials now
Just imagine what ole Poop Braid is gonna do to us next weekend...
"Everytime we play the pats that works, do we not coach that... turn your head around and play the ball"
That gave me serious PTSD from 2014
Terrible coverage by Queen on the trick play
"1 catch in the first half for Marquise?

Incoming *souljas* tweet by the end of the night."
Snead is our WR1 lmao
Hollywood Brown nowhere near open again. 0-for-3
is it too goddamn much to ask for a true no.1 WR in my lifetime
Game could be 13-13. But noooooo
Lmao if we are making Damien Harris look this good then I don’t even want to watch us against Henry next week
“Ravens are a second half team” I whisper to myself knowing my happiness for the rest of the night relies on this statement being true
"I honestly think Duvernay is better than Hollywood, I don’t understand why he gets so little play time"
We're ok guys.  Only down by 3.  I know the end of the half was a bad play but we will be fine.   Come back after half and do the damn thing.
Remember Yannick Ngakue or whatever the fuck?
"Welp, we are currently getting stomped by the team that barely beat the Jets, fuck"
"Great, now I have to watch this fucking defense again."
Done for the season. We’re fucked
We must have an illegal formation every fucking game
I haven't been this mad and deflated since the last 2017 game
Aside from the one play lamar looks good. Our team is in shambles though
"Outside of the INT, Lamar is having a good game. It’s the defense losing the fucking game"
"THIS MAN THROWING DOTS IN A FUCKING MONSOON!!  NO MORE, “HE CANT PASS” BS"
Does Yannick have a single tackle as a Raven?
At least Peters is fired up.  Wake up the rest of the D MP.
Give us DUVERNAY THIS NEXT DRIVE
Rollercoaster of emotions rn
That spot was an absolute joke. Wasn’t even close to the first down. Literally could be the difference in the game.
Even Collinsworth took Belichik’s dick out of his mouth to call out that cheating ass ref.
Give our defense credit they gave us a shot
This defense would have been nice to see in the first half
"Defense has stepped up all year, even with injuries... LETS GO OFFENSE!!! (If we lose I’m blaming Greg Roman)"
Skura ruined that entire drive smh
there's no way skura can play center next week if he keeps fucking up snapping
"Who would have guessed it, another penalty to end the game for us.  No discipline"
"20 point streak in jeopardy. Also, no turnovers forced. Also also Injuries. Out of spite* I will continue to wear my piss socks"
Lamar is the only good player on the offense but he gets blamed every game
"I feel confident blaming this loss on Matt Skura, injuries, and the weather"
"Dolphins fan here, all I want to say is destroy these asshats. Need I say more?"
I hope you guys win. Love you guys and stay healthy and get a Win.
Defender ran Hollywood's route better than he did
The patriots pass rush is dookie butt
The receivers on this team get absolutely 0 separation for Lamar. It's so frustrating to watch.
">Judon 102 out of 111

kek

Edit: guess he heard me"
Why is the MVP trophy so skimp lol it looks more like a player of the month award
This is a classic time killer drive. I like it. Gotta give Credit to Roman so far! Let’s go boys!
"""We didn't jinx him that time"" *cries in missed tucker kick face* lol"
Would love to see us use Duvernay a bit in plays like that
the refs fucking hate this team for some reason
Of course our Defense decides not to show up
Typical pats bullshit pick plays
The NFL really needs to decide if it wants to allow pick plays or not.  I'm sick of these fucking grey area plays that only certain teams are allowed to run.
Did they just tackle Andrews into the first down
That was a soft as fuck holding call.
Wtf was that Animation. Looked like a kids first try in the 90s
Defense is getting bent over right now lol
Why are we the team that the Pats always like to pull these trick plays on?
"Why does it pour when the Ravens are driving but not when the patriots are? 

#weathergate"
"Can they suck the patriots off any harder???  Please, this is turning into a bukkake fest."
"That was such a lame duck pass too, just begging to be picked off."
"They have 1 good corner, and you throw at him"
if hollywood can't separate then he has to at least not get boxed out to the sideline on every damn throw
Imagine throwing jump balls to a 5’8 wr
"I really don't want to hear Hollywood is enough for this team anymore. I don't. He is too small to be effective in this league, he isn't getting separation from anyone at all so clearly hes not that fast. Failed experiment move on"
Lamar needs to learn to just settle sometimes. He was going for TD when we are already in FG range
Game not over yet  but if we don’t stop the run out the gate it is
"I have seen maybe 2 elite plays from Hollywood in 1.5 seasons. Cardinals game winner and TD vs the Jets. (Maybe I'm being too harsh here)  


DK and AJ Brown make 2 a game."
"You really can't make any excuse for that throw. Hollywood isn't known for making contested catches, we have the best kicker in the league and are approaching FG range to tie it, and now the Patriots get the ball back to start the second half."
This is sort of exactly the game I expected/feared. My Patriot fan friends and family have been talking about getting killed by the Ravens and I’ve consistently been like “you have FAR more faith in my team than I do.”
"Lamar's stats before the pick were very good. However, we still have zero ability to push the ball vertically. It disappeared between last season and this."
We need to win this. Without Campbell & possibly Williams next week Henry is gonna run for 300 yards.
Hollywood Brown will always be referred to as 'Antonio Brown's cousin'.
SToP COpmPlaIninG YoUre Fair WEaTHer FAnS
"#Are we cursed??

Seriously, we're losing multiple players to injuries EVERY GAME. Tf is happening?"
Yall im fucking drunk. We gotta start tackling people. Im throwing my name in to be our new linebacker. I can get fat. Ill block
Who the fuck thought that play was a good idea. WHY DO COORDINATORS TRY TO GET CUTE ON 4TH DOWN JUST RUN A NORMAL PLAY
YOU HAVE ONE OF THE BEST PLAYMAKERS IN THE GAME NATURALLY UNDER CENTER AND YOU MOVE HIM??? WHY
Why the fuck didnt they QB sneak it or something? Direct snap to Ingram who has sat out the past 2 games in the rain!? What the FUCK
I gotta get up at 445. These next couple weeks are gonna be exhausting. Win or lose.
"And now Boyle.

Do they keep stats on most injuries in a 2 week span?"
I’m getting real tired of the procedural penalties
"Typical greg Roman playcalling over complicated, could give adam gase a run for his money🤣"
Why didn't Lamar make him catch that?
This is such a miserable game.
"I think I need to reduce my passion for football, this is bad for my mental health lol"
"Ravens offense.

If its Dobbins its a toss outside.

If its gus its up the middle

If its justice hill he goes out on the flat.

If its 3rd and short its a Lamar run.

If its a big pass to a WR they will drop it.

If its a big play to a TE its negated by illegal formation.

Skura is going to mess up 4 snaps"
For the exception of that pick at the end of half Lamar has played well
Snead is our best WR... Lamar and him have great chemistry.
Finally gave up less than 12 yards on a first down run.
WE ARE A SECOND HALF TEAM NOW (Which I would 100% take)
Due for a turnover. No excuse not to get one in this rain...
"Ravens close to within 23-17, thanks to the Lamar Jackson-Willie Snead connection.

Jackson is 4-of-5 with 2 TDs targeting Snead tonight.

For the season, Jackson is now 23-of-29 with 3 TDs and an interception when throwing at Snead.

\-jamisonhensley"
Snead has heart 💜
Like the call. Gotta punt it with this much time left coming off a huge stop.
BULLSHIT FUCKING SPOT
That’s legit one of the worst spots I’ve seen watching football.
Lol Board outplaying Queen
Yannick with the pressure so much and big stop by Board
"Ngakoue showed up a bit there, got some really good pressure.

ALSO CHRIS BOAAAARDDDDDDD"
It's lamar's time to shine! Let's fucking go!! Prove the haters wrong!
#FUCK THE PATRIOTS
How is Skura still playing
How did Marcus peters not draw a holding??
"so fucking pissed. Defense, Skura, boyle hurt, rain and yet lamar is gonna get all the blame tomorrow"
Bench Skura. That's two straight games of poor snapping and one of them came at the worst time.
"1:10 seconds to score a td, show them why you are the MVP Lamar"
"backed up to our end zone, 1st and 20, no timeouts, need a td, and we call up a te screen for 5 yards"
The timing of the worst part of that storm was incredibly uncalled for
I hate Matt skura
All opinions aside about who won or lost this game for us. We need to absolutely fucking pick 2 running backs and run them. Gus averaged 6 yards a carry and got 7 touches. This running back by committee shit is not working. Gus and JK are it feed them the ball................
imagine not having lamar jackson on your team lmao
LETS GO MOTHERFUCKERS I've spent the entire day putting the final touches on a boring ass 30 pg paper and I'm so FUCKING ready for this
"How we win this game:

-No turnovers

That's literally it. Our defense will handle the rest. All we need to do is not turn the ball over and run it. Let's go."
Our line looks SO MUCH better this week
Does anyone else feel like we haven't been using Ricard well this year at all?
"That deep sideline throw from lamar to hollywood was actually... pretty good?

Hollywood just got bodied out of bounds there."
Come back and find this comment when we get a turnover this drive. It’s coming.
Ingram starting over Dobbins is odd.
Big sack by Judon. Took 3 points away from them
How about the playcalling so far on this drive? Pretty happy with it to be honest!
I really wish Duvernay would be given more looks on offense
Quick first quarter
Is Bill's son rocking a mullet.
Super quick 1st quarter.
This game goes any quicker I may be in bed by 10:15.
"🚎🚎🚎

Beep beep motherfuckers"
YOU CAN'T PREP FOR CHRISTMAS TILL AFTER THANKSGIVING
Not to jinx it but what a freaking drive thus far.
The O looking on pace. Not trying to force things. Its looking like last weeks second half. Looking good so far.
Roman finally not making his play calls so obvious.
Lowering the helmet? You mean lowering himself to make the hit?
"It's not a real Ravens game if the refs aren't raw-dogging us, guys."
Fuck you Hochuli your dad could still beat your ass
"""Cam is such a hero, Al. He's a modern day Jesus Christ really."""
That was such shit defense my God.
">Ravens say NT Brandon Williams is questionable to return with ankle injury.


The offense needs to get it (keep it) together because this defense is basically fucked."
"Lmao, thanks for that first down guy!"
Bernard Pollard in shambles lol
Suuuuper weak call
What the hell was that graphic?
starting to feel like that pats hummer right now
Our run D needs to get shot into the fucking sun.
This is completely horrible to watch
"These injuries have fucking gutted us, on our 9th string corner we just signed off the street"
Derrick Henry is probably getting very excited for next week watching this game rn
Absolutely pathetic showing by this defense
Its not just Queen thats also on the free safety that stayed in the middle the whole time
Tie the game up? Nah let's go full Flacco with it and throw a ridiculous double coverage low percentage throw.
Marquise just doesn't have the size to win those battles.
"There is no point to throw to brown unless he’s wide open, he’s not getting contested balls."
[deleted]
What's the point of throwing it at a soulja when they can't get any separation in the first place?
Lol Patriot fans talking shit about Lamar like he didnt body them last year. He killed the “boogey men” 😂
I hope D makes adjustments like O did last week at half. Why cant we just have a good pace on both sides?
"Derrick Henry is going to do nasty, unspeakable things to this defense."
"Injuries slowly turning us into the fucking niners

&#x200B;

pain"
"Harbs talks about us ""winning the big one this year"" and we play like this lmao"
People saying we shouldn't be complaining because it was just 1 half real quiet right now
"Queen getting blocked out of the play by a wide receiver. Classic

Edit: James White. Still bad"
I worry that GRo is going to panic and abandon the successful gameplan now.
Oh boy here comes the Roman Air Raid offense
Same old Ravens
#Anyone notice how the PATs continue to do what they do best with there best players? Notice how they dont put in a 4th string RB at the goaline or try passing 2 of 3 downs on very good DBs in terrible weather conditions. Anyone else see how they run the damn ball until you stop it? Maybe Roman should take note....
"People are giving Belicheck so much props for ""exploiting"" our team.. fucking joke

Our OL is banged up, so they blitz heavy

Our DL is banged up, so they run heavy..

Does he deserve an award for making obvious scheme decisions?"
Our defense is just gutted with injuries
I'd be surprised if the pats throw 5 more times today
Why...why do we keep getting cute. Just have Lamar take that snap like a normal fucking offense
So whose ready to watch derrick henry bitch us again next week
"We are literally playing with no Campbell, no Williams, no Fort, no Jimmy Smith, a banged up Peters and Wolfe, and now no Bonds. Not even sure we have 11 players to send out there. Doesn't matter if we explode on offense, defense can't make a stop.

Need a change, quick, or 6-5 could be a reality before you know it with the way this run defense is playing."
I have a Ravens helmet and a jersey...im flying up there and getting in
"Dudes are dropping left and right, fuck this weather man"
This game is cursed.
So many tickytack bs calls against us
"This is the real reason that the offensive coordinator should be in trouble.  Every game, these terrible penalties."
"Huh, imagine that. Another illegal formation. Awesome."
How the fuck are we still getting illegal formation penalties every week and its week 10? Undisciplined play and shit coaching.
Asking us to throw to get back into the game with the best weather is tough.
So Bill is getting fined for all this yelling at the refs with the mask off right... RIGHT???
Matt skura has been trash the last 2 games
"""You can't have snaps like that against a team like the Patriots""

Lmao Collinsworth is such a fucking idiot. Is there a team that it's GOOD to have bad snaps against?"
Snead is really our number 1 WR. I look at all the WRs other great QBs have and it hurts
Snead for team MVP
Tucker. Nothing stops that ball from being dead center.
I love watching the absolute raw “id” of this sub go from abject depression to ejaculation and right back in seconds
Lamar has been super impressive with everything considered.
Ravens aren’t winning this game without a turnover. Stack the line and make Cam Newton beat you in a monsoon.
You know it's been an awful game of run defense when Marcus Peters makes the run stop of the game so far.
We need our turnover streak turnover right about now
"On a positive note, Duv and Proche have done a great job catching kicks in this weather."
"When zoomed out it looks like the weather is fine, then they zoom in and you can really tell how bad the rain is."
"Fuck the Haters, come on Lamar, it's all on you"
Absolutely love proche’s hands
Proche is really good at catching punts. Underrated job that a lot of guys have trouble with.
He’s been doing that every punt and it was the reason we got the first penalty of the game
Please get a saftey?
Man Hollywood has gone to shit since he tweeted that BS. Get open lil dude.
"I know i'd regret it, but having Antonio Brown might have been really sick"
Didn't Robert Kraft get caught supporting a sex salon that trafficked young women from Asia?
Admittedly Collinsworth calling out their spotting bullshit.
Fuck off with that spot. Fuck you refs
"Alright guys, no more game thread for me. I can't handle this"
Wink can make plays with a banged up D and roman still serving us dog shit and we supposed to be ok with that lol
Skura is gone. Should be sent home before the end of the game
"Fuck Skura, leave him in Boston and make him walk home"
Thanks skura. Literally screwed us out of a promising drive.
[deleted]
"If it rained hard enough, could the ball float as it would in a pool, allowing for a hail mary?"
Lamar cannot be blamed for this loss dude absolutely balled out. But you know the narratives tomorrow. In fact ESPN and FS1 haven’t been this happy since the clippers lost to the nuggets
Lamar deserves so much more than what we are giving him... a once in a generation athlete & we can’t capitalize. Absolutely embarrassing.
Roman gotta go. One trick pony who will only end up preventing Lamar from developing if allowed to
"No idea how this front office looked at the wide receiver group this offseason and said, ""Yeah. Looks good. Let's go with that."""
"https://twitter.com/sharpfootball/status/1328184477877735425?s=21

Fuck the refs"
LMFAO. Yeah we suck but im writing that game off. What a fucking joke that weather is. Skura needs to be cut.
"""The Ravens are **not** the Jets"" lmaoo"
"[Tree up, dog asleep, Ravens ready to cook. It’s a great night for America.](https://i.imgur.com/WSCWGt9.jpg)"
Hollywood is 48 of 116. oof
Let’s go back to the ball to Hollywood. Hollywood has got to show more strength there. Got pushed about like a child.
"While I despise our playcalling, yall need to chill the fuck out lmao. Newfans everywhere"
Injury gods fucking hate Raven corners
The fact that MP left under his own power is a good sign.
Feel a LJ scramble coming
Lamar is pitching right now😤
Vegas must have known something with the 43.5 total lol
GUS
THE BUS BABY
This has been an awesome drive. We need to do this always.
"I am loving this drive here. Grinding it out, constantly moving forward"
I’m loving the play calling rn keep it up
This is a good drive. Especially given the conditions.
Y’all I love this drive.
Wtf happened to GRo
"Lessgo, I'll stop my Snead hate for at least the rest of the half"
Let’s see if Peters comes out on D
did somebody say it was time... for a ***FRUIT PUNCH???***
"Imagine working at these ad agencies. In the conference room like “picture this, theres a baseball glove and an empty hoodie going fucking bananas in a shipping facility”"
Fuck that call. Elliott made a good hit.
Why do the ravens always get the BS calls against them
Where the fuck is our D
"Defense did not look alive there, but starting the drive off with a BS penalty definitely didn't help"
"You guys need to calm down, its one drive and this defense is injured as fuck"
Earl thomas’ wife left him this week btw...
"I want to get excited about Hollywood, but I haven't really seen anything great from this year from him."
No holding there lmao
"Honestly... Hollywood isn't inspiring a lot of confidence in me lately. Don't think he's doing bad on the year, per se, but he seems like a JAG Plus. A tier above JAG right now."
Are we sure Minnesota sent us Yannick?
Three guys trying to strip the ball and no one tackling...
I think people are missing the part where we’re missing like 4 playmakers on defense rn💀
Seeing all these blitzers not even acknowledge the ball carrier makes me realize just how spoiled we were with Suggs ability to play the run too.
Man I realllllly want Harrison to be a player. His stats won't show much but he's a physical presence out there.
I miss Campbell
We need Campbell and Williams back for Thursday idc what harbs says
That was the most shocking coverage I’ve ever seen
Lol i told yall we about to make NE look good. But i got downvoted for saying it. Most Ravens shit ever
"In 10 quarters with the Ravens now Ngakoue has 2 tackles, 0 sacks, 0 TFL."
Nice of NE to call that TO for Harbs
Hey Hollywood go back to tweeting
Shit decision lamar. Wtf
Hes been beating hollywood on every snap
Quit tweeting Hollywood.
A speed guy who can’t get separation fuck me
That's the type of throw you give to dez bryant.
That was on Lamar. But Jesus fucking christ Hollywood. Can you not get AN INCH of separation???
"Every week that passes I am less and less impressed by Brown. I simply do not think, as of now, he is going to be a good NFL WR."
Forcing to the 5'9 WR down deep is not wise.
"Keep the Truzz, big second half coming up 👏"
Lamar made a shitty throw. Hollywood is a tiny ass WR that’s never gonna fight for the ball leading to picks
"Run a yard or five and take the field goal dammit we have Tucker  

That was just stupid ass decision"
"That ball shouldn't have been thrown, but at this point is Hollywood any better then Torrey Smith ever was?"
"We need a true WR1 so badly. I'm beginning to get frustrated with Brown and I cant tell how much of it is him being asked to do too much and how much of it is him just not performing. 

Cant seem to ever get separation."
"That was bad separation (non) by Hollywood, but also a terrible throw by Lamar. Both things can be true"
"At this point I’m ready to go full Matt Millen.

Just keep drafting WRs in the 1st round until we get our Calvin Johnson."
"hollywood isn't bad, he just isn't a #1 wr. we've known that for a while now."
"Queen made 5% effort to get off that block, what the fuck"
"Every single play on that possession looked like the worst defensive play I’ve ever seen.

Get Ray on the line."
This is embarrassing. This is a patriots with zero talent on offence and defence destroying us. Fucking hell.
"Last week, defense bailed out offense in key drives.  It's time the offense steps it up and fucking shows up"
Sure. Take the ball out of Lamar's hands.
"I thought that 4th and 3 call against the Steelers was bad, take a bow g-ro"
Of all fucking plays it’s a direct snap to Ingram
Greg Roman needs to be fucking gone. Tomorrow. Those were the 2 worst consecutive play calls I’ve ever fucking seen.
out of all the plays to call on 4th an 1
Judon's a liability at this point.
"How TF do we kill the undefeated tom brady pats, but not these guys?"
"Can't wait for Harbaugh's post game presser where he says ""we just didn't execute, I'm happy with where our guys are at""."
The only honorable thing to do is have the whole team commit sedoku
"Humph is grabbing his shoulders, that’s about right"
that soup looks disgusting
His knee is shattered.
Pretty sure his leg just got broken.
And there goes Boyle for the season.
"He died honorably for this pathetic game, god bless him"
"Thats an underratedly dirty as fuck play. He literally left his feet, dove, and speared Boyle’s legs. 

I seriously want them to go after that guy"
God Boyle is tough
How many times this season has the Ravens offense been called for not having enough players on the line of scrimmage? It certainly feels like *a lot*.
How big of a take is it that players shouldn’t be playing on Artificial turf in a monsoon?
I'd go wildcat here
another bad snap for badddd snap by skura
get skura the fuck off the field
Is Willie Snead our #1 WR?
We’re still in this *despite* everything.
Colinsworth is sucking the Patriots ding dong so hard rn
Bruh Snead is #1
That tackle on Harris to end the quarter looked awkward as hell for Harris but I'll take the loss of yards.
We sneaded that
It is actually stunning how poor the graphics are for SNF. This is a billion-dollar machine and like everyone I know could do better than that in 20 minutes with Photoshop.
lamar is playing great. we can’t waste this performance doing dumb shit on defense
Peters almost created a TO.  They're feeling it baby!
The Athletic just had a great piece about Boyle. I'm so sad for him.
I’ll tell you what with all the punt return woes we’ve had over the years I respect Proche coming in as a rookie and handling business
"The moodswings I have on this game are insane, lets fucking go"
This is one of Lamar’s biggest moments in his career... hate to say it
Watch Lamar score here and this game instantly goes from big game to beat the team that almost lost to the Jets
Come on d. Save my mental health
Hill is a great gunner hes held on ever gunner for a reason
I hope we don’t regret this
Defense needs a big stop. Flip the field for the O.
Absolutely no fucking way this should be even close. That’s fucking terrible by the refs
That looked pretty clearly short in real time??
Gerry Sandusky going off about the spot
When the commentators are even saying the ref moved the spot....wtf
#Bullshit
This game is hell.
Good shit defense
Nasty series by the D. Guys in the backfield on almost every play.
THIS is the drive where we have to go all out. This is the drive where Lamar can prove them all wrong.
Gus Bus please. Get the W and get the hell out.
If Skura doesn’t get the blame of the week
Matt Skura has ended his own career today I fear.
Skura gets the blame deadass.
Skura screwed that whole drive
really sad loss. this shit defense tonight plus the injuries plus whatever the fuck skura is on plus the wack penalties. what a shit sunday
20 point streak and turnover streak both bout to end
No hold on that run?
Blame of the game is easily Skura
Is Peters not being held?!?!
Peter's was held so bad his nipple clamps had to be reset...
Wouldn’t be surprised if harbaugh told Clark to do that. Was pretty smart ngl
If the defense can hold we have a chance with a 1:20 or so
This is almost the exact same situation as the Mile High Miracle
Would have been nice if our center didn’t throw the ball 20 yards into the backfield
Chuck Claek is so fuckin smart.
Here's your fucking chance. No drops no penalties no dickhead snaps from fat fuck.
"It isn't often that I point to one play and say it cost us the game, but that last bad snap sure seemed to."
Put the blame of the game thread up
"It's raining even harder now hilarious. 

I'm writing this game off as an outlier. There's not going to be rain like this in January."
Best rushing team in the league and we get stomped in the rain. Absolutely embarrassing waste of all our time
20 points a game streak snapped 😔
We don't give Lamar enough credit.
All those Lamar designed runs and nothing? All passes? IN A FUCKING MONSOON?!
Skura single handedly murdered our offense.
"Ah, so Greg Roman CAN use his pieces in effective, intuitive ways. But only once he has been publicly humiliated for several weeks straight."
"If we drop this game, the steelers have the division."
"Honestly Colinsworth just doesn't like the Ravens. He doesn't shut up about the opposing team when losing. Has no words when the Ravens are winning. Even when the Ravens just lost multiple starters in the game, all this prime time analysts can say is how much fight the opposing team has... Am I crazy or is this anyone else's truth?"
the game ended a while ago. We're a wild card team this year. It's time to get ready for it
We really aren’t THAT good. Just too many mistakes every week.
"Takeaways from this game:

-We are not Super Bowl contenders *this* year, injuries and we don't have the offensive depth.

-Lamar is good, everyone chill out

-Matt Skura no good

-We need to pay up for a top wide receiver. We are no good at drafting and developing wrs."
"Was Hollywood open? Nope. Did he get separation? Nope. Was the ball under thrown? Yup. 

Hard to blame Hollywood for that pick."
That looks like a perfect form tackle to me. Refs are shit.
can never have our offense and defense show up simultaneously
Guys calm down it’s one drive
Hollywood doing a lot of talking and not much producing
"Those were terrible goal line calls.

Hollywood had no chance, Hill had no chance. Plus these conditions? Come on, man."
Sigh....hard not to think that’s a forced throw due to Brown bitching
Only throw to Hollywood if he has ran past the defender. Otherwise its 50/50 on whether it is an interception.
"This whole team need a reset. 

Fire Greg Roman, cut Mark Ingram, let Judon walk, Get a veteran possession WR, Get Marcus Peters a therapist or anger management, Get Lamar back with that passing guru, and change the locks so Greg Roman can't get back into the facility."
Clark jumped offsides to save clock. Did it on purpose.
I would like us to win this football game.
Stunting begins
"It is my hope the Ravens score a number of points greater than the number of points they allow the Patriots to score. Enjoy this contest of professional athletes, fellows."
There will be about 14:39 left in the first before I get tired of Chris Collinsworth. Ugh
"If you're in Baltimore, charge your phone rn. I've heard power is going out in and around the city."
That was an accurate deep throw just good ass coverage honestly
Hollywood’s double move did absolutely nothing to McCourty
I like to see attempts at deep passing plays
Hollywood gets bumped off routes so easily 🤦🏼‍♂️
Why so many fucking passes to start?
We're in for a long day against Tennessee if we keep this up
Im so scared the Ravens thinking its gonna be an easy game and making NE look good.
"- Justice Hill            
                        🤝     Doing dumb shit that costs us yards
- Judon"
I fucking hate Greg Roman
I remember being so confident last season every time Lamar dropped back it was going to end in a positive play. Now he drops back and I expect disaster to strike.
How TF was that not a false start?!?
That not a false start?
The patriots first drive is literally what ours should have been
Lmao holy shit PFF is terrible
Judon haters can't say nothing at this specific moment
Does it make anyone else uncomfortable how integrated PFF has become with the Sunday Night Football broadcast? They treat that shit like its they are a branch of the NFL with official statistics or some shit.
Why would you fair catch a ball at the 5 that you need to turn around to grab?
MANDREWS
DOES LAMAR PLAY OUT OF THE PISTOL OR NOT
Duuuvvvvvv
My nerves are calmed
We need to keep this pace. It's affective. Dont try nothing crazy Lamar
DUVVVVVV SPEED KILLS!
Solid drive
That drive was pretty good...
"#YES. YOU NEED IT.

#THAT NEED IV SNEAD.

#EMBRACE IT!!"
SNEADS HAS BEEN ON HIS A GAME FOR A WHILE. LETS GOOOO
I left for TWO MINUTES.... I can't be mad tho. LEGGO BOYS
probably the best drive i’ve seen all season
"I would love to see Lamar break 250 passing tonight, even would settle for 200+"
Peters back on the field let's go
[This entire sub to Greg Roman after that drive](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/035/070/perhaps_i_treated_you_too_harshly.png)
That was as clean a hit as you can have
Ngakoue needs a sack
We’re missing Calais
Fucking terrell
"This is how the Colts started against us too. Really attacking the edges. We made good adjustments at the half, I expect the same today."
Lamar wanted to sling that so damn bad lol
what did we do to piss off the injury gods
Mandrews got launched on that hit damn
they hit him into the 1st lol
That's was 10x worse than our hit
"get off hollywood's dick, i'm sick of all these comments in here. he was heated and made a dumb tweet. get over it. jesus."
I don't like Justice Hill getting any offensive snaps.
Justice Hill in the game - DID YALL NOT JUST SEE THE GUS BUS WHAT THE FUCK IS HE DOING IN THE GAME
What a weak ass call 🤣
Why the fuck is justice hill in the game on 2 and 3rd down in the red zone
Imagine if this team had AJ Brown. My goodness.
Normally I'm one to not complain about penalties and more often feel its lack of discipline on our own part ...but that felt like a weak call on Fluker.
Anyone else think that wasn't even a hold?
"I'm confused. We have Ingram back, and NOW we use Justice Hill? We couldn't have used him the last 2 weeks?"
"All good, I’ll take the 3. We’ve been moving the ball very well. Defense needs to make a couple stops now. We win with 3 more scores if one of those is a TD"
JC Jackson is manhandling hollywood. Same happened last wk w/ xavier rhodes.
Should we have drafted AJ Brown instead on of Hollywood?
I hate these Sunday night football graphics
High quality graphic there haha. Our hummer didn't sputter!
Run defense is absolutely doomed without Campbell and Williams
They’re getting 5-7 yards rushing on first down. We’re getting zero pressure
BALTIMORE BALTIMORE WE GOT THIS
I'm a pretty skinny dude and it's crazy to think that I probably weigh one of Calais' legs.
You guys realize that NE has one of the best offensive lines... And missing our interior DL is going to make this a slugfest
ew grandma was probably like I don't want this fucking mutant doll
Baker mayfield puts ketchup on his tacos.
"I really would like to not have to stay awake for this entire game, so if we could start playing defense now, that’d be great..."
"we have to stop the run, this is painful"
69 seconds till halftime
Could  go for a nice tall Fruit Punch right about now before half
We need Brandon Williams back in the second half
HOW DID YOU LET THEM SCORE ON THE MOST COMMON TRICK PLAY FFS
"Ravens a falling for trick plays, name a more iconic duo."
Queen that's ALL on you there buddy.
The trickery shit always catches us snoozing
And NE gets the ball back after halftime
"Fuck, offense is going to have to carry this game"
"#YES HE MISSED IT

#COME ON ONE MINUTE TO AT LEAST TIE IT UP"
Aight. Lets go with this 2 minute drill. Let Hollywood put his money where is mouth is.
Now I gotta endure the cringey tweets saying “that’ll be the best pass you see tonight”
"Let’s utilize our sophisticated passing concepts to help Lamar get a quick TD! Oh wait, GRo doesn’t have those"
"Incoming pats trolls.

Grow up"
"*Campbell and Williams not playing*

""why cant we stop the run?????"""
Why is our fastest receiver always seeming to be running a 5 yard route?
Stop throwing jump balls to Hollywood holy fuck
"Can't throw to Hollywood, and can't underthrow him like that.  He's not fast enough to win and he's not big enough to contest the catch."
And all of this is brought on though Hollywood’s comments.  Force feeding. And that happens.
It’s crazy that tyreek hill is always open and hollywood can never get separation despite being the fastest on the field
Stop riding Hollywood. We need real receivers.
Hollywood crying for the ball on Twitter but hasn’t gotten open all season
"Bruh, Ik lamar is good, mvp,  and has potential to be so much more..but can't defend everything he does"
I hate how they only throw it to Hollywood on this type of throws/situations. Whenever them to get him involved they only do it on some dumb shit like double coverage
Hollywood is not even a number two receiver. He's a liability. He's too fucking weak and small. You can't throw anticipatory pass to him because if any cornerback is even close to him then they can effortlessly manhandle him and dictate his direction
Imagine having Hopkins.
"Alright so really what is Hollywood’s purpose? 

He’s obviously not equipped to be a 50-50 jump ball guy which is fine, but he hasn’t gotten separation at all and has ZERO RAC production because he drops the second anyone gets near him.

So really he’s just a deep ball threat who unfortunately hasn’t shown the ability to be a threat downfield at all this season and has bitched and moaned about not getting more usage."
At least Torrey Smith was big ( bigger than 5'9) and would jump for it.
Please wake the fuck up defense in the 2nd half. Get the ball back. Make this shit right
"If BW is out, we are in trouble with stopping NE run in 2nd half"
Man we are missing Campbell so bad.
Derrick henry is gonna kill us next week
Jesus Ravens shouldn't be worried about COVID. There's a fucking injury bug ravaging our roster.
Cam goes empty and they didn't expect him to run?? What is going on rn man!!!!
Fuck it. Just put 6 DL out there. Don't care who it is. Can't be worse than this...
Anyone else embarrassed right now?
everyone has bad games. It happens. But this is really not a game we can afford to lose.
Williams is out for the game.  Fuck
"Whatever drugs Ben takes to stay healthy, give that shit to Calais and B.Will"
People wigging about roman lmao. Roman don't play defense guys
We're fucked without Campbell and Williams :/
Just a reminder coming into tonight we were #1 in rush defense DVOA. Williams and Campbell matter a lot.
3rd rounder for yannick and he hasn’t done shit
"Lamar. This is the time to show what you can do. Our defense is playing like trash and injured to hell.

Come back. Control this game."
That RB toss from the shotgun must be one of the worst plays ever
This may be the worst coached year of Harbaugh's career.
The Ravens starting o-line consists of Orlando Brown Jr. and 4 guys who would be back ups on every other team
That's game. Fuck this.
Ok. Back to needing to fire Greg Roman.
We put in Ingram to receive a shotgun snap on 4th down when it's raining this bad?
When it rains it pours
That might’ve been the worst play call I ever seen
lol Greg Roman needs to go. Wtf is that play call
WtF play call was that GROMAN?
"Retarded 4th down play call AGAIN. Fire roman holy shit.

Ppl need to seriously spam all social media and radio to get this fucking dunce out of here."
Wait wait wait. Lamar isn't back there to receive the snap... That's the call against Palpatine over there?
I’m past fire Greg Roman.
Fucking called it. They were gonna fuck up that 4th down. What a fucking embarrassment... against the dogshit pats too.
"Fire Greg Roman, the man is an idiot."
Popular Opinion: Fire Greg Roman.  Or at least take away his playcalling duties jesus.
If Greg Roman has a job tomorrow morning then Harbaugh is a fucking pussy
"This team will probably go 10-6/11-5, then lose our first playoff game to the chiefs or some shit."
Direct snap to RB in rain on 4th n 1....ok
"#Roman needs to go.

Should've done it a while ago tbh."
Lets get #FireGregRoman trending on Twitter please.
There's your dumbass Matt Judon penalty of the game.
Judons weekly foul
That’s simply not a penalty.
"That was a bad call, not Judon's fault dude is 100lbs"
"Queen getting smoked, or just me?"
"pernell ""Matthew judon"" mcphee"
F's in the chat for all of the European fans who have stayed up til 3:15am on a Monday morning to watch this game
Fuck. Now Marlon is hurt.
Well Lamar here’s your chance to pull off a big time comeback and shut everyone up
At least the major damage was averted.   Down by 2 scores.  It can be done.  Show them whats up Lamar.  Prove yourself.
"queen is having another rough game, gave up that td he could have defended if he would've turned around, and every tackle it looks like he's getting drove forward like 3 yards. he needs to put on some weight."
Fuck if the pats are asking for medical staff then it’s serious
give us a fucking break
Omg I bet he broke his fuckin leg or something. They immediately said “oh shit” on the field. God damn it I feel so bad for Boyle oh man :(
"*scooby doo meme where he unmasked the 2020 ravens and it’s just the 2015 ravens*

Fuckin injuries man"
Don't rewind to watch that. Just don't.
"Knee diving bullshit, I'm sure that is what BB teaches 100%"
"Don’t worry, we can have hurst step in! Oh wait..."
Y’all can’t be blaming Lamar for Boyle🤦🏾‍♂️
I never want to see that injury again.
We must lead the league in illegal formation penalties
Team Gonna be practicing on the hospital beds
"This is just a sad game, I can barely even watch"
Jesus Christ Pats need to calm the fuck down
Sit ingram start gus
You all want to know why Lamar looks like he doesn't give a shit anymore? Just look at this team. He literally can't do anything. And he is going to take all the flack for it because his team is shit. You can't polish a turd and call it chocolate.
Gus has been our most reliable offensive player for quite a while now it seems lol
Wow Skura is a shitty snapper
"We’re just need two TDs 

Let’s get it"
Gus Edwards is the only player on this offense that is consistently reliable.
#SNEAD WR #1!!!
"Fuck, I'm wetter than the football. That was an amazing drive."
D gotta make a play now though
"Lamar could be so good with a creative OC like the Chefs have, they even got great developed role players beavsue the OC knows how to use everyone."
"The good news is we scored.

The bad news is that our defense is getting back on the field."
THERE YOU GO JUCIEMANNNN
I enjoyed Peters saying screw this. I enjoyed it a lot.
MP JUICEMAN making the plays
Two stops man cmon give Lamar a chance
Just one stop is all we need defense
Underrated play by Yannick there that won't be on the stay sheet eating up that blocker
Yannick has a nice play on that 2nd down to slow blockers and let Judon clean up
"Finally, the defense is awake"
"#LET'S GO, THERE'S THE RAVENS D"
Boston is such an oddly nice looking city. So many historic buildings looking like theyre straight out of 1776 surrounded by modern.
Im honestly just confused as to why were so wildly inconsistent
Who’s fatter? Justin ellis or Big Ben?
Holy fuck it’s 10pm I am not ready for this week. I procrastinated a lot on Friday
Shut up collinsworth 🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾
"I honestly wonder if Lamar is not running as much because he is tired of the ""running QB"" talk. He seems like it."
5 yard curl on 3rd and 12
Holding. On the receiving team. The penalty moves the ball back 3 inches. First down.
"Nice job drawing a holding, Justice."
And thats why you punt good call.
lol lamar wanted to stay on. i love him
"All right, now the defense needs to show itself again. We know they're going to run because they're pin deep so stop the run and force them to punt from their end zone and we'll get great field position."
"I’m fine with us not going for it there. Too much risk and too little reward with too much time left. 

Plus we backed their ass up"
"Just wanna say no matter what, I love you guys"
Hollywood was too busy posting himself squatting on IG to actually improve his game
Patrick queen has looked awful tonight
Bullshit spot
Awful fucking spot
"Chris, you just described cheating bud, welcome to New England."
THAT SPOT WAS FUCKING TERRIBLE
Bro these refs are blind
What is that bullshit spot
THATS THE BULLSHITEST SPOT IVE EVER SEEN
CHRIS BOARD
Wow we were all over that play
Time for Lamar to make up for that bonehead INT.
"In the pocket

No close receiver

Under pressure

Why no grounding?"
Chuck is calling out their plays
That shot of lamar was pure gold
Board man gets paid babayyy
OFFENSE STEP THE FUCK UP!!!!!!!!
We better be 2-6 on games trailing at half. This shit has got to stop
Cmon Lamar! Stunt on these hoes!
Lamar gonna end this 😈
Target Mandrews and Snead and feed JK and Gus. Run it right over them
Good tackle by Board but it really was Yannick's rush that made that play.
You guys are getting fucked by the refs!
Skura just lost us this game
Skura hiked this game right out the fucking window.
That hit on Lamar gets called 9.9 times out of 10.
Holy shit that throw was bad bad like there was 3 pats that were ready to pick that
Do y’all see how quick they are blowing plays dead for them but for us it’s yeah let’s let every defender on the team get a lick on our guy
This fucking O-line man. I want to go back and find the cunt who downvoted me and said I was dumb for being worried about them.
We'd be in a much better spot if we got that FG earlier rather then the Lamar INT.
Steelers 9-0 and we just got embarrassed by a shit team... lord
"Lamar Jackson: guys we can actually win this game!



Skura: lemme introduce myself"
What about the hold what the hell???????
How the fuck was that not holding on Peters?
Actually not a bad idea to go offsides
Chuck did that on purpose it's actually a smart play.
Honestly not a bad penalty
Honestly haven't been so emotionally deflated by injuries since that horrific 2015 season
Watch Lamar come back from this! 👀
"Please, one series of good snaps Skura"
"This team was great to start the season... but you can't be a great team when half your team is on IR. Even if we win this game, it's gonna be a TOUGH road the rest of the season. We'll make the wildcard game... but it's gonna have to be Lamar of 2 years ago when it's just him using his legs to win games."
"It’s a fucking mess out there.

The weather is too."
Mother Nature decided to get worst and be like naaah famm go home.
The weather is a Pats fan
"Beyond pathetic, fucking pathetic"
Last year Lamar showed up to this game. Apparently no one else did.
THAT IS ONE OF THE WORST DRIVES IVE EVER FUCKING SEEN
The entire interior oline is expendable IMO. Really need replacements there.
We have 1 tight end...last year we had 3
"Oh hey Pats trolls.

Go fuck yourselves.

Signed,
Ravens fans"
"Lamar slander is outrageous, he’s literally the only one who showed up today. Blame the rush D, gash after gash in the run game"
"You know... People want to try to shit on lamar being more of an ""RB"" but if it works it works"
Just 6 days ago Flacco and the Jets put up 20 in the first half against the Pats
"""Why throw to your souljas when they fail to get any separation?"""
Are we allowed to complain yet? Just checking.
The injuries are too overwhelming this year.
Man who would have thought we would be this crappy this season? So weird.
It ain’t Lamar guys
Fuck yeahhhh
Mike Trico picked the Patriots to win? I want whatever he's on right now lmao
It just sunk in that the Ravens are about to play... Let's fucking go
"Fuck the pats! Good luck guys, I gotta go to bed."
It takes 10 years to get open? Lmao
aight that was a weak drive but that last throw wasn't terrible
O-line looks like they are holding up pretty good thus far.
"Toyota Venza

For when you’ve given up on life"
"Sooooo the Pats are doing what we should be doing

right good okay"
Malik didnt get the tackle but made that play
Hitting Cam Newton looks fucking painful
No xbox for you deshonn
Lmfao how do you miss that obvious false start
I miss Campbell
Belichick is going to capitalize on the Calais hole
Judon and Queen grades are a yikes
Judon saw that stat and took it personally
Walk it off Juiceman...walk it off
This sub simultaneously wants us to run the ball & pass it lol.
Run the ball with JK or Gus.
progressive commericals are so fucking bad
God I love JK he just doesn’t stop running
Dobbins just doesn’t go down on first contact
Get off him you fat fuck Guy
A slant! It worked! Let’s never run it again
"If there’s one thing I like about Snead, it’s he runs with great ball security."
Is Bills son rocking a mullet?
I grab my knees everytime Lamar runs
Seems like Duvernay is in over Boykin
Draw up more of those plays for Duv plz Roman
This a nice matriculate the ball down the field kind of drive. Let's hope they can cash it in for 6.
Someone lit a fire under Roman's ass I see...
Let Ingram punch this baby in!  A welcome back TD if you will....
SVU still going strong lol
Long drive to give Juiceman some time to rest up
I feel like Lamar has finally stopped trying to prove he can throw the ball and is actually taking what the defense gives him
"Nice call, lady ref!"
Casual 94 yard drive right there
SNEEEEEEEEEEEAD
Snead deserves more recognition man
God this playcalling has me at full-mast.
"g-ro is watching chiefs games! 

Great playcall"
"Last night I rewatched Nick Boyles first career td catch which was last year vs Pats. 
That drive was 8+ min, 14 plays, ~90yds

That drive ending in Snead td- 8+ min, 13 plays, 90+ yards

We are looking GOOD"
The fact that a little toss pass like that counts as a passing touchdown will never not confuse me.
Snead bb
TOUCHDOWN RAVENS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Snead is my fav receiver
"""JT almost never misses"" STFU man lol.  I remember they jinxed him, and it was against the Pats 😤"
Every single time tucker kicks a FG all I can think of is the “STILL FUCKIN GOT IT” video lmao
If this game was in Baltimore we’d hear the BULLSHIT chants after that penalty
Deshon either had to do that or not tackle him at that angle. Fucking nonsense
At least we can move the ball down the field without ref help 🙄
Elliott could've just got another flag. This guy is is undisciplined
"In other news....

The weather outside is weather"
Our defense isn't inspiring much joy at the moment. We really fucking miss Campbell.
Dude quit biting on that play fake
As long as Greg Roman keeps thinking it's 2019 we'll be fine
"When i was a kid, I thought they had someone run on the field in between plays and repaint the yellow line. I was not a smart kid"
Ingram is still a bull but he looks fuckin slow lol
How many times has Collinsworth said “diabetes”?
THIS BUS HAS NO BRAKES
BUSSSSS
lamar and hollywood have no chemistry anymore
We needed Dez on that end Zone pass
GOAT for 3. Better then nothing.
Week hold. Jesus.
Terrible for justice Hill to be in on those two plays. Edwards or Dobbins all day
Glad Bill and Harbaugh agreed to get everyone to bed on time tonight
Bruh what is that animation
"\- Dude, we want some cool animation for SNF

\- Okay, boss, but what animation?

\- I don't know, you're the creative genius, do something!

\- Umm, like, Lamar and Cam battling ninja style?

\- Nah, that's too lame. How about two SUV's going into the forest?

\- Umm, okay, boss, 2 SUVs then"
Can we please clog up the middle for once today?
"We have an offensive linemen on defense, #71"
Bout time we stopped one.   Jc.  Really missing Campbell and Willams right now on the ground
Every fucking run is getting at least 2-3 yards after contact
Yooo wtf if somebody stole the toy dump truck I have tied to the front of my International I’d be pissedddd
We’re so fucking depleted
Lol this is so pathetic
*remembers that we have to face Derrick Henry next week*
We need to get into the fucking backfield
Defense really getting manhandled
IM HAVING NAM FLASHBACKS
Are you fucking serious...
"at least they missed, thank god"
Shit defense
how does belichick save all these trick plays against us
At least it’s still a 3 pt game
Huge miss on extra point tho
Said it last week and I’ll say it again we struggle with misdirection
Queen bit so fucking hard.
"It's annoying that when one side of the ball gets hot, the other gets cold"
Patriots really saved us with that timeout
As of now I just don’t see Hollywood as a #1 WR.
Oh good. Another commercial
Dont force it to hollywood
Hollywood is a negative
Wtf was that throw
Souljas
Bro you have got to be fucking kidding me
You gotta be shitting me. Just fucking throw it away Lamar! What the fuck
How is Hollywood always so out of position on his routes
Can Brown beat anyone? I mean seriously he can never get separation
Lamar trying to force the ball to Hollywood who can't get open
Completely underthrown too. Lamar not doing himself any favors on national TV.
Remember when we were down 3 at half last week?
Maybe Hollywood should try getting some actual separation before going on twitter
We need a big jump ball wr
Why the fuck did he try that. Holy shit.
Hollywood isn’t a #1 WR for a reason. Why would we expect him to make that catch. Overall bad read and throw.
what week will Greg Roman learn that it's a bad idea to have guys 3 inches shorter than their coverage run a go route on the outside
It was so dumb to attempt that because we would have had to try for the FG anyway if he had caught it. We should have just checked it down for like 5-10 yards.
"I have not felt this thoroughly annoyed since 2016-17 lmao

We dont have a lot of key players, but these excruciating, stupid errors will not work against any team of substance."
"Lamar had a good first half other than the last throw, unfortunately it's mistakes like those that always kill us."
Defense the reason we are losing not that Lamar throw...
"That was a predetermined throw. Guessing Lamar figured they'd be overplaying for the short throw to make the FG easier.

God, that was an absolutely indefensible decision. Our shortest WR, their best DB tonight, double coverage, with a tying FG to protect. I love Lamar but fuck that decision. It was garbage, and so was the throw (which was on the inside)."
I asked this last week and got downvoted but can someone explain why we picked Hollywood over Metcalf? I know there were route concerns about Metcalf but routes are fixable being 5’8” isn’t
This is the worst baseball game I've ever seen
The only way a throw like that makes any sense if you are throwing to a Hopkins level of receiver. Otherwise it’s just a poor decision if you are throwing to someone like Hollywood.
D Hop is so good man
And defense comes out looking the same lol
Was Calais Cambell literally our whole run defense??
Wtf did they go over at halftime?!
JFC the defense can’t stop a nosebleed today
Meanwhile the Jets were dominating.....
Zero fucking discipline
Marcus Peters needs a therapist.
Defense injuries really starting to show
It's so pathetic. Just stay down and take a nap everybody.
They scored in under 2 minutes. Nice job D
This is the season I was expecting last year. What the fuck is happening?
Funny how we beat the pats when they were undefeated and now we cant do anything against a team that had to beat the jets off of a walk off.
We haven’t hit a 40 yard pass since week 1. That’s bad. For instance Murray has only 2 games where he hasn’t had one.
"Time to completely abandon the run, throw into double and triple coverage and then make a last minute lame duck comeback attempt only to be picked off late."
One of the best?????
"If our offense doesn’t score here, it could be game over honestly. Our defense isn’t stopping them."
"Honestly should've been a 34-10 win for us, and New England already has 20 points halfway through the game. Run defense continues to look terrible."
Just let Gus fucking run on all the plays 😂
Fluker replaced with a 2nd year UDFA Center. Yikes.
"Fluker got benched, mekari to RT and powers in at RG now

good decision"
Fuck Skura.
MATT SKURA SUCKS SO FUCKING BAD
Can Morgan Cox play centre? Everything out of shotgun.
Play had no chance anyway. They knew it was coming.
*The connection to your opponent has been lost*
That’s our 4th and 1 call?
Greg Roman got to go
Just not meant to be tonight y’all
"Get Greg Roman the fuck off this team, what the fuck is that. The takes were over reactive, but enough is enough"
Why call that with conditions like they are?
HAHAHAHA FUCK ME
What the fuck is this game. Is this even the same team? They showed up with the Wish version of the team
Please swap Skura and Mekari. At least Mekari can fucking snap the ball correctly.
"idk who to blame more, roman or skura, but i’m sick of both of their shit"
Looking a little underprepared tonight on both sides of the ball.  A little distracted.
"Lamar is the best athlete on the field and he didnt touch the ball on 4th down? 

Why"
"3 and 3, QB sweep
4 and 1, Wildcat formation

I honestly don't understand this"
Bro can Chris Collinsworth  just not suck off the patriots
can't wait to see Judon get 20 mil a year from the Jets
Complete waste of a good Lamar game minus one pass. Such a shame
It hurts to watch our Ravens play like this. I love them so much but they hurt me sometimes.
How are these pick plays legal. They’re not even selling the routes
16 straight unanswered. **16**. Absolutely unacceptable.
"At least they didn't score 7...

If we get a td, this could get interesting."
"Humphrey holding his shoulder after that play, plz dont be hurt"
What's up with all the pats fans dming me? Like I never get one now y'all too scared to post in the thread
Why is Harbaugh a notorious pussy when it comes to making tough decisions regarding staff/coaches?
>Marlon Humphrey was grabbing at his left arm at the end of that play. In Things That The Ravens Can Ill Afford
Nice fucking knee diving garbage
"We're the fucking Niners now, it's official"
Hayden come back
Injuries is the blame of the year. Just keep the boys safe.
All my friends are dead: Ravens edition.
>Marlon Humphrey grabbed his left shoulder/arm after that play. The #Ravens can't afford another injury there. - @AaronKazreports
"&#x200B;

Prayers for Nick Boyle 🙏 🙏"
Just bench Lamar for the rest of the season so he doesn't get killed at the rate were going
"Our entire team is fucking injured absolutely insane.

Also, regardless of that... I hope Nick Boyle is ok that looked really awful."
Fuck this. Cut our losses and forfeit the game right now. This isn't worth it
"Nick Boyle down on the ground and not getting up.

Looks like he twisted or broke his knee/leg 😞 😞"
And Nick Boyle is done for the year. Fuck this game and the rain to hell.
"Boyle probably just broke his leg, or tore a major ligament in his knee at the very least... fuck"
"Damn man, hope Boyle is alright... That sounded bad."
Oh my fucking God why would you show that again.
I like how slightly lowering your head incurs a foul but spearing someone’s knee doesn’t
did God create us just to see us suffer?
Every time I see a flag I immediately know it's on us.
13 points isn’t a big deficit to make up with so much time left but there isn’t much going their way to suggest it’s going to work out
Are you fucking kidding me that penalty is total shit?
Is that like the 4th game in a row with an illegal formation penalty? What the fuck are they doing at practice???
"Can we somehow clone Mark Andrews? I don't know, 5-6 copies for starters"
Give. Gus. The. Ball. Its raining and he can gash them
"Best rushing offense in the NFL ✅
Pouring rain ✅
Passing the ball every play ✅"
We didn’t run a dumbass wildcat play and we gained yards on 4th down? Weird
Damn it is raining and there's a worse line of storms on the way.
This game is such an indictment of Greg Roman (on his third team as OC) fucking get rid of him
I don't give a shit about the paper cut on Skura's hand. Snap the fucking ball correctly - it's your job
Love u Lamar
Force a fumble or get a pick on this drive please defense...
Lamar isn't afraid of the rain. This man was born and raised in SoFlo
thank god lamar is still doing well tn
We’re due to force a turnover
Lets have morgan cox put on 100lbs and make him our center. He seems to be the only ever me who can snap the ball consistently
We’re gonna sign TE’s or bring em up from the Practice Squad.
Defense stand up
Snead been showing up... Dare I say I’m starting to like him
D-FENCE
Tone setting tackle by Juiceman 💪
OK PETERS
Back 2 back comeback weeks by Lamar !! Pls god
juiceman!!
ALL DAY PETERS
PETERS what a fucking play LETS GO
BEST QUARTER OF THE YEAR LETS FUCKIN GO
Big play there from MP Juice!!
A 3-and-out here would be so fucking good
Holy shit we stopped them.
Defense looks more fired up. Get it for Boyle!
Idc what anybody says. Lamar is a fucking legend. Best QB the Ravens have had in quite a long time
THANK YOU DEFENSE
Lamar(offense as a whole) got the defense hype
lets go win it lamar
"Whoever that was actually got me excited for a second, making me think he blocked the punt"
#THREE AND OUT
"Run the ball, Gregory"
"Despite everything that has happened and how shit we played at times, Im really paying attention to how we close this game out."
Staaahhhp giving Ingram the ball
"I’m sorry, but Ingram’s time is up"
i love ingram but him being back honestly hurts the team cause of how much they want to give it to him over gus
Take the yards Lamar fuck
What in the hell did they do to Lamar that is making him not run there... It's a scary ass thought that he is throwing it there.
Not a good drive but good job from special teams they are pinned deep
I don’t have any idea why they called a play where the WR gets the ball 8 yards from the marker
Lamar I get you want to prove to people you can throw the ball but just take the yards
Anyone find it weird no WR is wearing gloves?
A turnover here would be huge
I really wish Lamar would just be lamar and do lamar type shit when he sees space. Fuck the media and take off with the ball
We're due a turnover defense lets go. Keep the streak alive
Damn that COVID ballerina commercial was rough.
No way that's the proper spot!!
Generous spot like wtf
There's no way he got that
Bullshit spot!!!
BULLSHIT BULLSHIT BULLSHIT
"No way, terrible fucking spot"
Refs just spotting to give them the first
Home cooking spot right there.
Insane how the first quarter felt like 5minutes and since then has felt like a game and a half
"That was a terrible spot,but allowing a nobody RB to get 11 yards on second down from their own 2 is awful."
Ngl our run D has looked great last few drives
What the hell was judon doing
Queen has been way worse this game than in the KC game
Now I can stop bitching for a second
THAT WAS A COACHING ADJUSTMENT
Good pressure yannick and good stop board
"Do not give the ball to ingram, or Hill."
"So frustrating. Lamar plays well. D has issues (yes I know injuries), or its the opposite. If we somehow put it together we still have a good season ahead."
"Ok, given the injuries, great series by the defense, now O has to do their job"
"Alright Lamar, time to silence the ignorant haters"
"Despite everything, despite all of our problems of injuries, the weather, the road trip, the two score deficit. We still can win this, Jesus. This team really toughened up, and I'm happy to say that."
Please score. Please
"We control the clock now, a long drive is perfectly fine"
"""Let's go win a fucking game! Fuck!"" -Joe Flacco"
Get matt skura out of there
I s2g if we lose this game because of a bad snap
#Fuck Skura
"That was a real drive killer man, fuck me"
How the fuck is that not a penalty
Im not putting that on lamar. Skura fucked up
Skura blows the entire drive.
"One more time, D... One more time..."
Lamar throws it directly into 3 DBs.
Bro we gonna lose this game cause of skura
Blame of the game: SKURA
3rd and 15 and Andrew’s is sent on a 2 yard out this is painful
We literally threw the game away. 2nd and like 5 or something versus 2nd and 26. Fucking hell
"I mean yeah, Skura fucked us there, but Mandrews had it in the numbers and dropped it."
Gus Edwards get 7 yds on 1st down. Then we go empty. Skura is shitting himself.
"Skura fucked up but that ball was wet as shit. 

Also, Lamar is forcing this fucking ball wayyyy too much to Brown and it clearly shows. Like seriously. Dude got picked off and almost got picked off AGAIN trying to get him the ball."
"JK Dobbins, Snead and Gus Edwards may be the only people I trust on the entire offense."
"At this point, I'm just hoping our defense scores a touchdown lol"
Can we out Mekari back at center? He played really well last year.
If we pull this out I still want a blame of the game thread for Skura
Queens worst game by far
yeah... gonna leave this game 6-3
THERES A FLAG ON THAT ARE YOU KIDDING ME
"Hollywood stats: 2 catches, 14 yards"
Peters was right he was held.
Typical offense shitting the bed when the defense steps up
How much you think Cam's tooth is worth?
 Not over yet!
I know I'm like 5 mins early but blame of the game? I wanna say skura so bad but it has to be run D
"Imagine having the WR core that we have, and heavily relying on Snead the entire game."
This feels like the steelers game again........
They're playing in a fucking typhoon
Just get off the field with no injuries and move on. End this misery.
"I know the odds are against us and The weather was terrible but they look like they just gave up, no sense of urgency that was tough to watch."
"I can't even blame jk for dropping that shit, the rain is actually fucking ridiculous"
I have never seen rain that hard during a game before. It was approaching Caddyshack level of absurdity.
"Whatever. Fuck the ass weather, fuck the refs and fuck the patriots."
PLEASE FIRE FUCKING ROMAN AND MATT SUKRA TONIGHT
"My gosh. What an embarrassment and couple that with the loss of Boyle, today’s game was a disaster"
"Man we really lost that...I hate the negativity in this sub, but I can’t blame em either. We may be 6-3, but we look absolutely like trash."
Man what a shit feeling. They exploited our weakness where we were injured and so much momentum was lost by one or two mistakes on drives. Towards the end it was kind of pathetic on O but that was without ANOTHER starter in Boyle and in a hurricane. Bad snaps (hopefully will be fixed after Skurras finger heals) stopped 2 drives outright
YES LETS DO A JUMP BALL TO THE 5 FOOT FUCKING 9 RECEIVER WHEN WE COULD HAVE DEZ BRYANT!
"First half ravens 🍑💨

Second half ravens 💪🏽😈"
"Nothing went right on that play.

The decision to throw it was bad. The throw in itself was bad. Hollywood's route was bad. 

The play was 2nd down and 4 against pretty soft coverage. They were 10 yards away from FG range. The ravens had a timeout in the bag. Get underneath yardage and tie it up."
"I don’t care who’s injured. You let some scrub ass RB go for 100 in two quarters, you suck."
Lamar Jackson should have made that tackle smh
#Cris Collinsworth still sucking off the Patriots even without Tom Brady
shut up Marqise
7-2 is a huge difference from 6-3
Henry gonna go for 250 on us
"Does anyone else worry that last year was the year and we fumbled it away?


Edit: not literally fumbled it away..."
Patriots may have lost Brady but they didn’t lose them zebras
Receivers getting absolutely 0 separation
Some of y’all are the biggest reactionary fans. One drive and you think we were down 2 scores. I’m watching this one on my own tonight. Have fun and stay safe everyone ✌️
Hollywood is a #2 receiver that has height issues. He can still be really good but you have to use him well. This is the worst team for that. This team has a fundamental lack of understanding when it comes to the receiver position and how to use players.
"Just a reminder that this is the same dog shit team that almost lost to the Jets last week, making us look like god damn fools."
"Judon is an idiot, get this bum off the team"
Never should have traded Hurst and you cannot convince me otherwise
I was gonna complain that someone in here told me to fuck off for saying either way it’s just a football game but then his comment history claims he’s still in no nut November so that makes more sense. Some of y’all need to chill man
i refuse to believe refs arent bias against us all year. you just cant convince me theyre being fair towards us. there's no way.
Watch this is where roman tries to get cute and call some stupid plays
"Well we had a shot, fucking Skura man what the fuck"
I stg if we lose cuz of fucking Skura
Madden curse
Lamar showed up. If anyone denies this they are idiots
"Said it earlier and i’ll say it again: Greg Roman needs to go. 

Also, if any of you blames this loss on Lamar you’re not paying attention to what happened tonight. Our defense got punched in the mouth and didn’t respond until it was too late. Outside of the interception, Lamar played a good game and was the only reason we were in it to begin with. 

Onto Tennessee"
Fuck all y’all saying don’t worry I’m so fucking tired of being called a bandwagon when clearly we are sucking ass
We need a confidence win tonight boys
Let's get my birthday off to a good start with a W.
God I hate Chris Collinsworth
STUNT ON THESE HOES
Justice hill. Why
Stupid justice
I don't mind taking the shot there at least. Not the best first drive but there's life
he was turned around so he didn't see the fair catch. I'm just curious how that wasn't a hold
Maybe he would have seen the fair catch if he wasn’t being held all the way down the field
"So is Hollywood just not that fast in game speed? For a guy who’s speed is supposed to be on par with Tyreke Hill, only one of them is consistently running past dudes."
How do they miss the holding on that kick? He was literally running backwards because of it?
Are you dudes gonna get on Hollywood's dick every time he doesn't catch a pass thrown to him or...? He's our guy you fuckin weirdos
That first drive is the story of Roman 🥴 A lob on 3rd down? Wut. And Mark Ingram shouldn’t be starting. We played better without him
Harrison fucking tossed his guy back wow
Oh goody the “can’t defend the run” problem from last year has made a return
Mr. Taco Bell with the sack!!!
Nobody ranks Matt Judon 102 out of 111!! Nobody!!
Wow Judon had a nice sack finally
"""you smell like fish. I was talking to Jamie"" did anyone else catch that 💀💀"
Bless the knees
I hate when we get the ball first
Lets go LJ!
And now I’m dizzy. Fuck that camera...
Mandrews sighting
NBC... Your camera work. Buddy.
LJ <3
lets go snead
Idk the offense just looks nervous to me. Like they’re really afraid to screw up and have lost confidence in their ability to drive the field. Everyone but the runningbacks..
"they're playing the sex pistols, pleasantly surprised"
liking what I'm seeing from lamar
I'd really like to see Duvernay get more reps. Potentially explosive slot guy.
that's how you scheme for a speedy WR
Can't say I would've guessed a scoreless first quarter
GUS BUS! 1ST DOWN
Edwards stopped at the los but still got through damn
Great drive!!! Now capitalise on it with a TD
"Love this drive, let’s finish it off"
LJ LEGGGOOOOO
BIG TRUSSSSSS
Weather is going to make this game have a lot of running...
94 yards sheesh
caw caw lets go bitches!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Okay was that a pass? I need to know for fantasy lol
"I missed the play because NBC in New York switched to an emergency weather report, what happened?"
You just got sneaded
That was such a nostalgic drive
NEED FOR SNEAD!
I love the plays on that drive
lmao good on Al for recognizing the jinx
Didn’t realize that was a pass until I opened the Ravens app and saw the box score. Not a bad passing TD lol
#What happened I was in the bathroom
"Damn LJ and Cam in some good company with that stat

Except OJ. Fuck OJ"
Juiceman back out there
Soft ass league
Refball again. Laughable call as usual
"By the book, that was a good call, but i think it was kind of weak."
Looks like we're playing the refs again
That was a great tackle.
please not another 100 yards in penalties game
Of course they're slobbering over Cam now.
So when Calais coming back?
Straight ass defense that drive
Shit defense on that entire drive.
Defense needs to get it together
No Calais AND B-Will?!?! FUCK
gotta give em props for that confusion they caused there
Bonds is a dog shit player. Is Revis still able to run?
they really upped Collinsworths adderall dosage
Usually the offense gets shit on in this sub.. today it’s the defense lol feels weird
Lets run it again
No campbell fort and smith tonight really sucks
"I like to imagine lamar says ""gotta blast"" like jimmy neutron before he scrambles like that"
I think it's safe to say that this game is extremely important for Ingram. He needs to ball out to keep his spot with Gus and Dobbins going ape the last few weeks.
Andrews catches a 5 yard pass in the air and gets pushed into a first down.
"Thanks 🤣

-Mandrews"
I love ingram but seeing Dobbins get his carries taken away sucks
🚎🚎🚎
It's about time the Ravens got one.
I'm surprised Pat just shook that off he got rocked😂
Hollywood didn’t even try to jump for that? Just asked for a flag
What is he putting his hand up for lol that was just good coverage bro
"WE GOT A CALL AND GREG IS CALLING GOOD PLAYS???

What is happening"
Weak holding call smh
The fix is in
"Fuck it, let's make this the shortest game in NFL history"
"I love Justice, but I'm surprised he's active, and playing offense with Ingram back.  4 HBs  plus Ricard active?"
Imagine having Dez Bryant for goal line plays...
Anybody else like Golden Monkey? Mmm... 9.5%
"We need B. Will so bad... God, what a blow to have both him and Calais out. :("
What the hell is this tackling
Our run defense is worrisome
Not having Campbell and Williams is really showing now.
Harrison the only dude working on defense or what
Justin Ellis looks like absolute shit.
Paging the Fruit Punch...
Rather have ward in than ellis
Defense is always trying to cause a turnover and it's causing some whiffs on tackles.
Literally are missing our best interior lineman (on both sides). It's no wonder they are running at will.
Concerning how Williams comes out of games when we need him most.
Haha baker cant open the gate! Average joe haha!
"Down Calais and Williams AND LJ is gonna suck today, defense didn’t turn back into a pumpkin overnight, just a smart coordinator using his team specifically built to run the ball smash mouth style and taking periodic shots at abusing our rookie LBs. Queen is gonna stuff a few of those runs eventually 👏🏼"
"How many defensive starters we missing, like 5 rn?"
that's not a first the ball was behind the line the whole way
Their left tackle moved early again
Jfc this is bad
This is certainly annoying as fuck
We haven’t stopped a drive on defense this entire half
Getting pushed around. This is not Ravens football
What the hell is the defense doing?
Brandon Williams... never really appreciated until he's not there.
#Judon made it through a quarter without getting any flags 🤯🤯
It’s so fucking obvious what the New England play is and they still just keep getting gashed over and over and over
"Jesus, they’re running circles around us."
Can’t wait to see this defense against Derrick Henry next week. Going to get a swift punch in the mouth
Can someone speculate on Campbell’s injury? Do we think it’s possible for him to return next week or not likely?
That looked like a pretty cozy little island to live on in the Allstate commercial
"Always get fucked by the trick plays. 

Somethings never change."
Queeeeeeen noooooooo
"#GOD DAMMIT

Why'd they just give up covering him?? Dammit queen wtf"
QUEEN WHAT THE FUCK MAN
Queen is a liability right now
Of course the defense decides to be shit when the offense starts improving
Why do they always pull this shit against us? Like non stop bullshit.
"DJ Khalid handling the commercial duties tonight

Another one!"
"&#x200B;

Geeez Louise. Why so many commercials?

&#x200B;

Let's just get the  first half over with  😑"
Using a soldier who is playing like a reserve. Make the play or shut your mouth Hollywood
"Not even up for debate **we need OL, WR and DL badly**"
Why is there so much football interrupting my commercial marathon?
I never understand why they NFL takes a 2 minute commercial break in the final 2 minutes of the half for a 30 second timeout.
Fucking horrible decision. Can’t blame that on greg roman.
What a dumb throw
FUCKING HELL LAMAR WHAT WAS THAT?
Are you kidding me Lamar
"Hollywood soft af. 

JC Jackson is also great."
Why would you throw a jump ball to someone who’s 4 feet tall?
Wtf field goal gives us a tied game and we do that. Fuck off
I think Lamar really wants to prove he can comeback after down at halftime two weeks in a row
"Why fucking throw there?  Just run the ball, get tucker a few more yards and let him kick it.    Jesus fucking christ."
Why bruh just pick up 5 and take a field goal
Just why. Bad throw AND Hollywood can’t physically compete on jump balls
"That was the same play that almost got picked before.

Bad idea to throw.

Bad play call.

Terrible route because Hollywood is running so close to the line that there no room to throw the ball."
I never ever ever again want to hearBrown bitch about not getting the ball. Get. The. Fuck. Open. And. Stop. Bitching.
Thought he was throwing to Boldin
We’re in field goal range down by 3 and don’t get the ball at half? Why don’t we go ahead a throw a bomb to our undersized wide receiver who has proven to not be able to separate when he’s completely covered? I think that’s probably the smartest play here.
Lol first Justice Hill playing entire first and goal series into throwing that pass to their only good corner.
"Tbh our offence actually has been playing well, but our defence can’t seem to stop a nosebleed today"
"At this point, if you're going to take a deep shot throw it to Duv. He is at least physical"
Annoying that Lamar escapes pressure so often with few receivers open. Separation really sucks with our WR group.
We are down by 3 going into the half again... interesting
I really fuckin wish we had a # 1
"#ALRIGHT DEFENSE HALF TIME ADJUSTMENTS BETTER BE CLUTCH

I WANT A TURNOVER"
Derrick Henry about to go for the rushing record next week
Run defense = 🧀
Patrick Queen is getting whored every play of this game. I’m going to say again this is the worst game I’ve ever seen a raven MLB have.
FUCK. THIS. BULLSHIT.
Patriots are playing with so much energy and we just look flat.
Patriots are straight dicking us and this team and coaching staff deserves it.
Holy shit we're making Pats look like SB contenders right now
Oh great and two fucking players injured fuck this
Just let him walk in
Disgraceful
Losses are a team effort too.
I guess the solution to run on us is hope Williams and Campbell get hurt.
"*if* we can somehow pull out a win without Brandon Williams and Calais, that would be huge. So far, not feeling confident."
"There is no passion, there is no aggression, no motivation"
If the game continues like this we deserve the L :(
Just a reminder that the only stop we got on defense was because of a Judon sack. Should have been a sign .
Henry is about to have 200 yards again isn’t he
Playing past 8pm is little bit past this defense bedtime. Sorry guys.
Harbaugh wtf is going on? Time to stop giving coaches excuses now.
Dont praise roman nbc
[deleted]
We’re on the edge of this game getting out of hand. 1 good drive and a stop are all we need to be back in it.
Fluker was bad but we've got a center at tackle...
WHAT ARE THESE PLAY CALLS
"UDFA Mekari went from center, guard, to tackle"
"a 5 wide QB run

WHO FUCKING KNEW?"
"Wow....What are we going to blame that Bad Snap on?   🙄 🙄 

&#x200B;

Get it together Ravens!!!!"
Stop with that cute bullshit. Yall look stupid
Greg needs to be fired..
Classic ravens shit the bed moment
KEEP IT FUCKING SIMPLE HOLY SHIT
fire greg roman
Skura is garbage.
That’s it goodnight y’all✌🏾
"Harbaugh needs to explain that one. I know he doesn’t call the plays on offense but he has a say, and that was horrible. wildcat on 4th down in your own territory?"
How many running plays before the Pats make it 27-10? 3?
"That was fucking stupid. Let's remove our superstar QB from the equation on 4th down with the game basically on the line.

So fucking stupid"
"If we all fix our mind in GR getting fired at once, it may happen!"
It's getting tougher and tougher to argue that we're a top 5 team in the NFL
"bruh they might have to draft me to the ravens if there's more injuries, there's not gonna be anyone left at this rate"
"4th and 1

Greg Roman: lets throw mark ingram in the wildcat it worked that one time"
1 FUCKING YARD? Can’t sneak the ball? What the fuck
Fuck. Greg. Roman.
This offense is a joke. Defense is allowed to have a bad game after carrying the team for 6 weeks.
The one year we should actually handle the patriots and we do this
"Roman has possibly the fastest player on the field in Lamar. And he gets cute by putting mark ingram back there, who is just back from injury, to catch a soaking wet foot ball snapped from Skura, who has big toes for fingers. 

Great call."
fucking hell judon
Not having Campbell already makes the rush defense worse and with Williams out they’ve really got nothing left run stopping wise besides wolfe. The pats are just gonna keep grinding until the ravens stop them and idk how they’re just going to all of a sudden do that
Ngakoue has been nonexistent since he got here lmao. EDC that was a good trade it happens but damn has he even gotten a TFL??
Judon with a stupid fucking flag. I’m shocked.
Yo why the fuck does it seem like this ref is excited to call penalties on the Ravens?
"its ok we'll all wake up on January 1st, 2021 and realize that 2020 was just a bad dream"
Gift Judon to the Jets
Judon.. Ejected and comes back with the most costly penalty
"Commentators talking like the pats already won this game.... and the way the ravens are playing, I don’t blame them!"
"Our schedule only gets harder the next 2 weeks, jesus"
What is Collinsworth talking about with Judon????
Well that was McPhee not judon
I HATE THIS GAME
I have to wake up in the middle of the fucking night for these primetime games and they play like this
This is like someone turning the injuries and penalties all the way up on madden
Is it too late in the season to sign Air Bud as our l new Head OC?
My God can we please move on from the twins. Who cares!? Who in the planning room thinks the national audience thinks we care about these two this much?
Boyle just snapped his leg
Just broke his leg god what an awesome season
We..... we are so fucked
Cursed fucking game
At this point we’re the AFC 49ers fuck injuries
Anyone checked in on the availability of Todd Heap?
What did we do to deserve this injury gods?!?!  😭😭😭
Fuuuuck thats a broken leg
"Bone just broke, fuck this season"
Down to 1 TE. Fuck this. Hope Boyle isn’t as bad as it looks.
This sucks like I dont mind losing. But I do mind losing player after player after player to injury it's like an injury every other play.
Damn you know it’s bad when defense calls someone over right away.
"When it rains, it fucking pours."
Madden Curse decided that the team is to be taken instead :(
"Yeah, we’re done. Fuck."
I never want primetime again give me my noon games
"Depending on how bad Marlon is hurt, this season may be fucked"
fuck this season man. hope it's just a hyperextension
Can we please for the love of God throw the ball to Duvernay some more?
"With the play-calling, injuries, and offensive regression this year, this looks like a season where we get into the playoffs as a 10-6 Wild Card team and we fail to win a postseason game for the third year in a row."
Can Andrew’s quit barking after every catch
Another illegal formation.. wtf
 What in the fuck.  The ravens get a damn illegal formation every ducking game
"This team is not a good enough product.

You want to win the Super Bowl and can't even go a game without committing the same basic ass procedural penalties. What the actual fuck. How is this not being DRILLED into dudes during film and practice?"
This might be the most lifeless offense ran by an MVP that I have ever seen.
"This is the same team that struggled hard against the Jets, lmfao"
"Obviously down, what a fucking joke"
"Our front 7 is getting gang banged.

Our offensive line is like Swiss cheese and cannot run block for shit.

We're getting penalized for incredibly stupid shit and playing undisciplined football.

Losing Stanley this year and Yanda from last is huge.

Not having any legitimate receiving threats outside of MAndrews is making our offense anemic."
The most important part of the center is snapping the ball if he cant do it he has to be replaced that's like 6 in 2 games that were very very bad.
He was definitely down
Maybe we should play snead more. He seems to make more plays than any other receivers.
"Outside of that awful throw to Hollywood, this is Lamar’s best game of the year so far."
Snead IV makes up for the dropped pass earlier on the drive with a TD catch!
Let's go Lamar! Our QB has had a hell of a game outside of the INT.
That drive? With that style of plays? In this rain? That's some big boy stuff. Haters can get out
Say what you want Lamar is a competitor. No quit in him.
lmao everyone deleting their comments shitting on Snead for dropping that pass earlier
Imagine that. Not throwing to the guy who is a foot shorter than the defender results in TDs.
Lol Willie Snead is EASILY the number one receiver on this team. That’s not a good thing.
CAN THE RAIN AFFECT THE PATRIOTS NOW PLEASE
Nice play call for Snead. He is having a GAME
"This game is winnable, but man does it feel like it’s not even worth it with all these injuries"
Thoughts and prayers for Boyle
Need the D to make a BIG stop here.
You know what we are due for? A fucking turnover. Let's do it and take the lead and then just run it down their throats
"""Nobody cares, work harder"""
I've been seriously thinking of making snead my first jersey. So expensive lol
This game is gonna be one of those games that give us a heart attack prepare yourself y’all
Gut wrenching for Boyle. Really hope it's not terrible.
Defense please step up. We need you to step up rn.
That’s one hell of a drive in this shit fucking weather!
Peters almost took the handoff lol
"If we had a true WR1 we could let Jackson develop his passing more, definitely shows flashes"
at least we have the steelers losing in the playoffs to look forward to
please show up D
JUICEMAN STICK
boy fruit punch sure has been quiet so far 👀
"Don’t wanna see any Lamar slander today, one bad play but he has played really well all game. Not to mention he has to catch every god damn snap with one hand."
No flag on Judon? I'm impressed
Finally some good fucking defense! Nice stop!
He just got Chucked
Wow someone besides McPhee set the edge properly
Defence looked completely different there
Omfg let's fucking get a TD pleeeeease
Clark playing rodeo with that guy lol
We are one scoring drive from being in the lead.
If we comeback from 10-23 against the Patriots in the rain I better never hear that Lamar can't come from behind ever again
Bad throw by lamar. Should’ve been an easy first down
Snead the mvp of the game rn
"Idc, snead at least puts in effort."
this penalty favors the ravens after an unsucsessful drive
"Fuck Amazon, they’re profiting off of coronavirus"
He didn’t get that
Oh fuck that spot - that’s a stop!!
Fuck these spots omg
NO WAY THATS A FIRST
That's a bad spot
What a shit spot
Terrible spot
fucking horrendous spot
Wtf is that spot
Get fucked refs.
No fucking way he got that
Defense is going to have to force a turnover
That was the game changer. Refs just gave it to them.
How the fuck was he that open.
"So the whiff hold on the first punt, a couple missed false starts, a semi questionable call on Judon (still a dumb play by him) and then that clearly bad spot. 

We need to play better to overcome shit like that. The only one that really bugged me is the spot because I felt it was such a momentum and field position stop."
LETS FUCKING GO!
sheeeeeeiiiiittttt
I heard someone say “it’s a screen” before the play lol
Fuck yeah Chris board
LETS GO WIN A FUCKING GAME
Come on 7 min td drive
who's board
This feels like 26-24 if we play our time wrong.
Thats how you fucking cover and tackle
D finally showed up! Washington and Wolfe played hard that series. Lets go Ravens!
D got us a stop when we needed it. Let's go Lamar. Shut em all up.
Lets go boys you can do this
I will personally give Proche a manicure and kiss his fingertips after tonight’s game.
LET'S FUCKING GET IT
"That move to 3-4 Defense was genius. We needed 3 big men in the middle 

Derek wolfe is a man"
Lamar you’ve got this
I'm so fucking done with Skura.
HOW IS THAT NOT 15
FUCK YOU SKURA
FUCKING CUT SKURA
Had a drive going but skura fucked us
#SKURA IS SUS
No way is that not a late hit lmfao
Maybe stop playing the pistol/shotgun. Fuck.
"That’s game, kids"
Only pain.
Wtf was that?
What's with these snaps? 2 straight games of shitty play by Skura
Can Morgan Cox short snap?
Thanks so much Skura.
Fucking skura. Holy shit
Can't believe we're losing to this fucking team.
I can't even come up with a clever nickname for Matt Skura. He's just fucking awful.
"Please defense, bail out the offense. Harbaugh, please put in Mekari."
Skura fucked us tonight
Busted coverage queen
Queen playing 5 yards off the first down mark
Queen is overrated
Queen is fucking ass today in all phases.
Peters getting held
HOLD???? LMAOOOO
"I have no faith in this team. 

They’re not dogs on defense, the run game hasn’t been great. 

Instead of looking towards SB, they should be worrying about the Browns, Raiders stealing their playoff spot."
"Peters was being held, surely?"
😂😂😂 how do you miss that holding call
"This one hurts, won’t lie. All the injuries on top of what’s looking like a L. Just damn man."
BRO WHAT LMAOOOO WHAT WAS THE PENTALY?
Smart by clark tbh
TUrned off the game. This is over. This team can't come back even if they get the ball
"Did the ref say “baiting the quarterback”??

Edit: got it. Thanks boys"
Man all of these Harris highlights. We were all hitting him standing straight up. No one tackling around the waist.
3rd and 7. We can stop this and have a chance!
This game is pure AIDS
"How are they converting? 

Penalty? 


Run? 



Scramble?  



Pass????"
"to that guy asking if this game was a ""look ahead game"" it definitely seems like the defense treated it as such"
Really rough game. Another prime time clunker. The shitheads are going to talk and there's nothing to even respond with lol
"Greg Roman, time to save your job!"
Alright give me some Lamar magic please.
#Ryan Clark is going to beat his meat live on FIRST TAKE comparing Kyler's game to Lamar
"Blame of the game: Tom Brady. If he doesn’t win so many Super Bowls, the patriots don’t retain belichick as long, which means that we win a few more playoff games the past 10 years and win tonight too"
"At what point can we stop hearing ""former special teams coach"". He's been our damn coach for 12 years"
Well god hates us.
[deleted]
We need a new center
Can't even pass the fucking ball downfield 20 yards
What a pathetic way to end this game
Unreal. This is why Lamar needs playmakers.
See y’all in the post
F them receivers
Seemed like a really weak attempt at a series
"Penalties.

Injuries.

Skura.

Play calling.

This game was the definition of shooting yourself in the foot. There is NO reason this happened like this. Harbaugh needs to get his head out of his ass and get this shit under control ASAP"
Lost it on Run defence and Skura's bad snaps.
"Weather aside at the end, this team has never, for as long as I can remember, run a 2 minutes drill. There's never any urgency. That and clock management, always been terrible"
The castle crumbled tonight. Injuries galore. We’re going to be 6-5 on Black Friday.
Running back by committee must stop. We need to pick a guy and run him 20 times a game. Switching backs every other play to keep them happy ain't it
Lamar played well. His receivers need to stop dropping the ball and he needs dez activated last week. We need a WR that can fight for the ball. Hollywood gets shut down with good coverage as he can’t fight for it like lamar needs him to.
"To be fair to Lamar, he’s probably trying to carry the team with an injured and lackluster oline, horrible passing schemes, and mediocre receivers."
"Here comes another week of ""Lamar can't win big games"". But this swiss cheese defense should get the lions share of blame"
So our defense just not gonna come to play today?
Respect to Queen for not falling for that trick. Too bad his teammates where no where to help him.
Lmao people blaming that on Hollywood. Delusional
Tough throw but this is why Hollywood cant be our #1. He's too small to even have a chance to go fight for that ball.
Jump ball to a midget 💀
That pass was unnecessary but I’m less worried about Lamar because we’re at least driving down the field. I’m much more worried about our defense making this Pats offense look like a playoff team
I wonder if fans of all the other teams are as temperamental as Ravens fans. Good lord we can't handle things not going our way 100% of the time at all.
"If only we had a 6'4"" reciever that could make those jump catches....

*Miles Boykin's ghost disappears into the hedges*"
"Look I get it that throw was bad
But Lamar is 14/19 with 167 passing yards plus 26 rushing. 
Hollywood doesn’t look slow. JC Jackson is fast asf.
We’re Really missing Williams and Calais on defense"
Patrick Queen is out here tackling like Eric Weddle lol
"I think Roman had ruined Lamar’s psyche.

Before this season, Lamar runs there and he probably gets a first if not at least a lot of yards. His throw wasn’t a bad decision but with the run so open there he should’ve taken those yards all day."
Skura the drive killer. Kills more drives than Judon extends.
Fuck the madden cover. All my homies hate the madden cover
Titans are going to fucking decimate us with this shit run D
Henry is going to annihilate us
LAMAR IS STILL MY QB!
"Cam basically walked that in.

The fans telling us to calm down can go fuck themselves. Our defense is awful."
Man I hope the ravens don’t give up as fast as you all do
"Hear a lot of people complaining about the complaining. What exactly would you like fans to take solace in? Lamar’s regression? The WRs continuing to have zero impact? Forgetting about Andrews on offense? Injuries piling up? An offense that doesn’t remotely resemble last year’s juggernaut? 

There aren’t a lot of positives to cling to. The ravens are 6-2 and probably should have beaten Pittsburgh. But they’ve also mostly succeeded against a bad schedule and cannot seem to fix the problems that plague them. It’s incredibly frustrating. Let people bitch."
"This sub is so damn biased. That was holding. The call on justice was fucking obvious. And according to the rules, the elliot hit was a penalty too."
Harbaugh has been shit at getting this team prepared for games this year. Between the penalties and getting dicked by plays like that.
Remember when we could have drafted D.K.?
Elliot is STRUGGLING
not sure when they changed the rules to allow blocks in the back
Earning that Xbox tonight Elliott
Refs. You know there are two teams out there right?
We're shitting the bed against the team that barely beat the Jets...fuck
Hollywood is not a WR1
You know what would be sick? If Hollywood Brown could get some fucking separation.
I feel a deleted tweet incoming....
We need to use Duvernay more as a receiver. Draft a damn receiver. Use Dez. I haven’t seen Dez all night
Lamar keeps costing us points on a weekly basis with these terrible decisions
"Our QB takes an awful shot downfield when we still had 15 seconds and a timeout and y'all point the finger at the 5'8"" receiver for not winning a jump ball


Make it make sense"
Halftime adjustments similar to last week vs the Colts are needed for us to win. Hard to change just getting bullied up the middle though..
Queen is going to have a pff grade in the single digits it cannot be understated how overmatched he is out there. He is single handedly responsible for 60 percent of the patriots yardage.
FUCK YOU GREG ROMAN! 4th and 1 and you run a god damn trick play. FUCK YOU
"Everyone says we're overreacting...

At what point can we admit we don't have it this year?"
How does Greg Roman still have a job 💀
the worst part is that we know this offense cant comeback from a deficit
Actual bullshit. Was literally short based on the refs initial spot.
Here comes the 1st down handoff to Mark Ingram for no gain
I still have hope but can Skura snap the ball correctly 10 times in a row? Idk
Let's get some stunt action on these hoes
Least excited I have been about this matchup in nearly two decades. I hope we get up and put a statement out tonight.
"Dobbins: 80yds 2TD

Brown: 110yds 2TD

Bryant: 60yds 1TD


Calling it lets fuckin go"
BLESS THE KNEES
"Alright, c’mon D/ST! 65 points and I win my fantasy match! Let’s go! RAVENS! WHAT TIME IS IT?!"
Thanks Hopkins
I'm nervous af boys
LETS GO MOTHAFUCKAS
LFG flock
EVERYONE GET IN HERE. RAVENS PLAYING SOON
I hope Lamar and the O play loose and drop a 40+ points
J.O. on the intro!!
Marquise was WIDE open
o line redemption game?
Ooof look at those WR rankings
I cannot believe Ingram is starting when the other 2 have been so good
Jk has been eating since Ingram has been gone why kill his momentum?
Wtf justice
Hill was getting blocked dont think he saw the fair catch.
"Right back at it to shit play calling and an open book route, followed by shooting ourselves in the foot"
Hill was being held tho
Hill couldn’t see the fair catch signal while getting held the whole way
What's the point of having Souijas who get boundaried?
This is not how you keep yourself relevant Hill
Is that throw to Hollywood a 1 read and 1 read only play? There was no chance of Hollywood getting that.
Imma need this front office to get Lamar some real receivers this is not it.
Feeling not having  Campbell out there
"hey yannick, do something tonight please"
We have to lead the league in games played in the rain over the past two years.
PFF HATES the Ravens front 7 my god
that pff rank on queen and humphrey is just disrespectful
Sacked right out of fg range
Has Yannick done anything for us as of late
Jüèdõn
Let’s get this passing game going. No Gilmore should be a feast for Lamar.
"Peters is good, if he was seriously hurt he wouldn’t hop up that quick and jog off."
"It’s sucks that we lose a corner every god damn week, it’s even worse that it’s always on the first or second drive every week."
hopefully MP just got a stinger
Man we got Campbell for this fuck injuries
Peters better be ok
Peters just gonna have a thigh bruise.
Dobbins just has so much more burst then anyone else
I liked that JK started the drive
I’m liking what i’m seeing on this drive
WAS THAT SEPARATION?
"Wow we can fucking catch today, I'm so proud :')"
Cams hair...wtf dude
I feel a lot better when Lamar runs out of bounds.
#THIS IS WHY I KEEP SAYING GIVE IT TO DUVERNAY
Duvernay is faaaaast.
"Our top 3 receivers in order 
1. Snead
2. Duvernay 
3. Jaleel Scott"
"Devin ""Barry Allen"" Duvernay"
DEVIN DUVERNAY
THE BUS IS RUNNING HARD TODAY
This has got to be one of the quickest quarters ever
damn gus got bent lol
All this running this game will be over by 10 lol
#NEED IV SNEAD
Touchdown Ravens!!!!
"13 plays 94 yards 8:04

Amazing"
TD. We only need about 5 more and I’ll be happy 😈 let’s gooooooo. Been waiting all day
That was a ball crusher of a drive. So nice.
GREG ROMAN ON A MISSION
Most impressive passing TD of Lamar's career. Absolute missile on that throw.
"Just missed the TD, live near New York and got a tornado warning weather update. Kinda pissed rn."
HELL YEAH SNEEEEAAADD
That's how Big Ben and Mahomes get a 3rd of their Passing TDs too so I'll take it lol
In Central Jersey. Totally missed the TD for NBC NY to cut in and tell NYC to take shelter due to the front that hit us 40 minutes ago.
I will die for snead
"Honestly, a great looking drive for Roman, nice"
I need to see Lamar throw for 400 & rush for 200 in the same game...maybe one day
That call was bullshit.
Soft flag...?
"That flag was BS, that tackle was fine"
Minkah almost KOed Lamar but i guess that doesn't count
Bro how tf did they want him to hit him there??
I wanna see a juiceman pick on this drive
"Man, elliot just isn't a smart guy. Especially after that twitter crap we saw"
Do we have a run defense?
Is it just me or does Cam’s helmet look funny?
How did we give up that 1st wtf
"When offense sucks, defense is great. When offense plays great, defense sucks"
That was some shitty coverage
That drive for New England was easy. Get it together defense.
Not having campbell is hurting the run defense which means their passing game opens up
There were like 3 chances at a TFL on this drive and they run past the guy with no contact
That was a nifty play.
Would it kill Fluker not to give up pressure for once
Don’t you just love the way we shoot ourselves in the feet with penalties?
How good is a lack of discipline? /s
How tf has the coaching staff not gotten the penalty situation better. Killers
DiAbEtEs
GUS CATCH AND RUN
EAT THIS FUCKIN BUS BITCH
Andrews is one handsome mf
I love how Gus Bus runs through people!!!
Really happy Lamar has taken a couple wide open checkdowns
diabeetus
Lamar's decision making has been very impressive.
Imagine trying to hit *Gus Edwards in stride*
At least Hochules JR is being consistent.
To all those complaining about the earlier call. That’s the rule. This looked worse because it was helmet to helmet. Silly rule but I get why it’s a rule.
I mean that one was just targeting. At least Elliott hit the body
At least there consistent there
"#Good call.


That time he actually did lower his helmet. The one on us was a fair tackle when he was already motion. Theirs was legitimately a lowered helmet"
Such a bad play. Justice hill had no chance
Why Hill? Not saying he’s bad but all 3 other back have been fire tonight.
An average height receiver makes that catch or at least touches the ball
Hollywood is just too damn small. Dude gets out muscled if he can't get separation.
"Surely you've gotta review that Andrews catch?

EDIT: Holding."
#BULLSHIT CALL.
The way hochule ann9unced that 4th down he sounded excited
AutomaTUCK!
Ball slipped out of his hands or it's a td
This is gonna be a slug fest isn’t it?? If so I’m down.
TUCKER 🖤
"Drink everytime Cris and Al say ""Rain"""
A Tudder would have been nice but I’ll take a lead
Why does Baker Mayfield get so many commercials?
Overall good drive
Do these refs WANT to fuck our O-line? Because they're looking piss poor if you ask me
Can we put justice hill away. We didn’t fucking use him when Ingram was out why now?
"When we're inside the 10, we've gotta go for the end zone if we're throwing. That 3rd down play dump off to Hill was a waste."
Hollywood needs another stud next to him. He is like Tyreek Hill. Hill without all those other weapons would not be scary
WTF is this Hummer graphic?
On a positive note I'm saving over 70 a month on my car insurance cuz i just switched
That was the 2nd worst graphic after that Flacco mnf one
So is Ngakoue going to make a play soon or am I expecting too much?
Defense looks slow as fuck
Queen getting pushed backwards on every tackle
Our defense pisses me the fuck off today. They should be disappointed in themselves so far. Make a stop god damnit!
Awful tackling. Pathetic as fuck
Ellis fat ass out there looking stupid
71 is giving up cut his fat ass
Honestly defense been carrying hard last few weeks. Time for our offense to do them a solid
They’re getting 5 ypc. This has to stop
The fruit punch is nice but oh my god just tackle them jfc
We are hurting without williams and campbell
Good stop Wolfe
Yannick gets dominated every play
"Baltimore ""What's a Tackle?"" Ravens"
Can we please stop the run wtf
DEFENSE PLS
"Defense is getting worked and the offense still looks uninspired outside of Lamar, Snead and Gus."
We have no solution for Harris. Ugh.
That another missed false start
Guys are just dragging ass and running right into blockers
We just really going to let them run this half down and score and then get the ball back huh..
Any chance Campbell comes back next week?
God damn injuries are fucking us over. I dont like the feeling of this game right now. We need to get a fucking stop.
This d-line is injured and the next guys aren't stepping up rn.
Got to be kidding me...
Unfuckingreal. That's piss poor defense.
This is one of the most pathetic defensive efforts I’ve seen in quite awhile
D-Libe just isn’t getting any amount of penetration or keeping OL off our LBs. It doesn’t help that our LBs are consistently getting the direction of the run wrong.
Why must the ravens always fall for trick plays
Okay we had that thing easily stopped what was Queen doing
Are you fucking kidding me
[deleted]
"Guys our defense looks awful, they’re usually pretty good. Definitely missing out with the injuries"
This is a world class embarrassment
He just let him catch it what the fuck was that
"Great, now I have hear a week full of “Meyers throws better than Lamar” jokes"
Queen needs to get better at coverage man
Okay Ill take the missed XP
Also we never successfully defend those and it’s aggravating
Bill always finds creative ways to fuck us
Time for Lamar to go HAM
Queen looked so pathetic trying to cover burkhead
Why do those plays always work on us?
I really hope bwill is back after the half.
Is there time to at least tie it up before half.  We have all our TOs right?
Whenever the Ravens get the ball to start the game they struggle. This is not just me being paranoid. It's fact.
We’re about to get fucking destroyed in the media tomorrow.... max Kellerman Stephen a smith and Shannon sharpe boutta have a field day tomorrow if we lose
It’s always the Patriots with the trick plays against us
"Never change, Paul Giamatti. Never change."
Queen has been getting picked on all game
You can tell how many bandwagons came to this sub last season in these threads
We’re not scary at all
"Sacked by 3 people, good job O line!"
"Well, thank god we're not the Texans"
Fight for the out of bounds there Hollywood.
"This offense needs serious help in the offseason, we have no interior line, and we have nothing close to a #1 wr"
I know nothing happened but that some HUSTLE after that sack. Defense wasn’t even ready.
"At least we're not the Texans, right?"
We throw a sideline route and we can’t get out of bounds. That’s just something
Soulja sighting
Oof
Double coverage
Trying to force it to Hollywood.
FFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUU-
We just can’t throw the damn ball down the sidelines
Brown is to tiny
WHY WOULD HE THROW THAT
Why tf would you throw that???
Holywood gets bitched
Whyyyy didn't they just try to go for 3?
I feel like missing out on that potential 3 points is gonna really bite us later.
Why are you going deep instead of a 10 yard out route?
Man I don't think we have played nearly as bad this game as we started last game but this GDT is somehow even more in the gutter.
:(
Imagine buying a Hollywood jersey this season.
Stop throwing it to Hollywood he is not good enough to beat jc Jackson 1 on 1
We have the best GM in the league. That being said I cannot fathom how we did not get a possession receiver at the deadline.
That dude has 6 picks already lol
And y'all are acting like JC Jackson is a scrub or something
"We’re absolutely forcing the ball to brown

Fuck"
Guys know they just body Brown and it basically neutralizes his speed. He needs a WR1 to take the attention off him and he will truly shine. He’s too smol to be a WR1
"Whoever is in charge of scouting WRs for the Steelers should be brought here, they seem to draft stud after stud after stud"
"see if that pass is thrown to boykin or dez if he was active, i’d have no issue. but a 5’9 WR on a jump ball go type of route just makes no sense. gotta be smarter"
Keep the truzzz
There is a big difference between trusting you're team and blindly following along with the bad decisions. Calling out the bs isn't being bandwagon
Henry will be able to pick the rushing yards he gets next week if Calais and BWill can't play. Jesus.
"yeah, without campbell and williams its going to be a mega problem"
Harris about to break the all time rushing record
Our d line is nothing without Williams and Campbell
The defense is atrocious without Calias or Williams
Marcus peters giving up a big play and penalty ✅
"Idgaf what people say about how good we are, we shouldn't be getting run over week to week"
"Seriously?

&#x200B;

Are we really going to lose to the lowly Patriots?   🙄"
this is so fucking annoying my god wake up let’s go
I hate this fucking game
Pathetic showing from the defense so far. Come on Lamar. Get us back in it here.
LMAO of course they get the TD on the first try.
We are making this trash team look good and it sucks.
Our run defense is an absolute fucking embarrassment tonight. This is offensive viewing.
"We tripping over our own players more than anything else. 

This is the team who Beverly got beaten by the winless jets ffs. THE JETS"
We are close to being out of the playoffs we are losing 3 to 5 starters a game. I'm officially worried
Our D can’t stop anything this game...
"The whole fucking defense is hurt, offense needs to carry this shit out of this game"
Team is dying out there
There goes Bonds
Patriots are bad. We can win.
"We have such a drop off from our starters. We maybe have some good players but we got no depth, no creativity to offset weaknesses and no way to fix it in season. 

This team seriously needs to keep drafting and make a move for a real WR, Lamar is gonna keep regressing if we don't help him"
Williams just got ruled out for the game
At this point I go into games knowing a few starters are going to get hurt. It’s just guaranteed.
"Lmao @ people still saying ""GOD SO NEGATIVE"" after a 4-play 75-yard drive"
How the fuck does the Defense make no adjustments at the half? Fucking terrible
Having thin LBs is useless against the runs if the DL don't eat.
Lamar needs to shine
I thought pats supposed to have the wrost offense in the league. What's happenings?
On prime time too. Is this a trend?
Never thought I'd see the day when the game plan to win against us was run it
O line seems to be better in pass pro today. Let's take advantage of it.
This is good. We need practice coming from behind.
This defense is noticeably better with Cambell
"If we are relying on the offense to win, we might be in trouble, definitely not built for that style of play"
"Whatever the over/under is for Henry’s rushing line next week I’m putting my entire life savings on the over, free money"
Cris Collinsworth really loves sucking Cam Newton's  penis
Nice play. Throw it to Dobbins 4 yards behind the LOS and block no one!
Am I wrong if I don’t have a great feeling about this one?
LOL thats some funny shit
Fire Greg Roman
HAHAHAHAHAHAH MY GOD
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT PLAY CALL
What the actual fuck
Holy shit I’m done with this game goodnight y’all
Our team is like that homer simpson meme where his backfat is held my pins
"Hahahaha, I can do nothing but laugh at this point"
"This team is literally the ""aim for the bushes"" scene in The Other Guys."
#Good night everyone...Im done with this shit
What the fuck is even going on? Can we fire some coordinators? Did we just take the reigning MVP off the field for a 4th down conversion? Is this rocket science?
Why new england of all teams
we have an MVP QB who’s our best ball carrier and that’s the play we run lmfao
Good bye Greg
"Lmao, fuck Skura"
Best rushing QB In the league and run the fucking wild cat
Skura sucks. Terrible play call to begin with. This is a telling game for all of us. This isn’t even close to our year.
He wasn’t going to get that anyway. 3 pats beat through the line. So sad
Bye bye Greg
Greg Roman needs to be fired! Fuck the wildcat there
Greg Roman needs to go
"To be fair to Roman, he didn’t tell Skura and Ingram to botch that shit. But this is not a good team this year"
Greg Roman is Cam Cameron level bad right now
"Secretly I think the Ravens are always looking out for us who have to be up early for work on Monday or Tuesday mornings.  No need to stay up when we play so poorly, just go to bed.

Of course I will not because I still always hope, but If I would learn my lesson from the KC game I would know to just go to bed now."
Skura dude cmon we dont need these
"Fire Roman, invest interior online, improve WR, prosper?"
You take the ball out Lamar's hands?
Cant blame Roman. Cant blame Ingram. What the actual fuck was that snap.
At this rate we’ll be lucky if we make the playoffs. Tennessee is going to unleash Henry. Steelers have home field advantage. Dallas will be rested and we’ll have played 3 games in 13 days. Browns will unleash Chubb. It’s not looking good man
It’s the same bounce outside run. Every. Single. Time.
Lets not forget last time Ingram got a direct snap he took it to the house. Just not a good play call in these conditions
"This team has so many fucking holes. OL (OK, some bad injuries but still), pass rush, linebackers, safety, WR. But mostly OL and WR."
"Well, with that injury report, I'm going to bed. Change their luck, y'all!"
Well people were right about a blowout lol
Oh look another 10 yard run on first down
Our d-line depth is fucking trash
"Did we actually trade for yannick, is he a player?"
Should have thawed out some wings to air fry tonight. I fucked up
Lamar is a better runner than Ingram. Why would wildcat ever ever ever make sense
Imagine a QB having that much time and space
"When we say that we should be more lenient on our team because we have some injuries, let’s not forget that half the Patriots opted out before the season. This team is objective worse than the one we played last year and they are on trajectory to embarrass us. The offense got much worse from 2019."
Lol Judon
Is Greg Roman on Twitter? I want to bully him.
Classic Judon
I hope we pay judon zero dollars
Judon needs to go. He’s trash.
#Judon PFF rank 101 of 110
Swear to fucking christ 2021 first team move is show Judon the door
This team is not play off ready or deserving. Zero discipline and we still have roman. Fucking sad.
Ah yes another questionable call.
So we could miss the playoffs.
Legit bad call. Theme of the night.
"“You have to caress him to the ground” 
This new NFL is so fucking soft dude"
Never thought I would have to replace the Baltimore Fucking Ravens Defense with waiver wire trash in fantasy football.
"Lamar has looked good pasing the ball tn, i wish we would let him do it more"
Even their rules analyst is confused by that penalty
We need a td here anything less and were out of it
It's amazing we have a legit shot of missing the playoffs and someone in the NFC East is gonna make the playoffs at sub-500.
"Finally a fucking stop. But that was because of Cam's bad throw, not our defense."
I just hate everything about this year so fucking much
"Best hope is we get the 5 seed, get healthy at the right time and get something going for the playoffs. Might be foolish but I still have hope we can do it"
"you know, all the shit this team is spewing out aside... it's wild that every team somehow becomes the most disciplined team in the world when they play us

whole universe against us and we just be like ""ok"" and just do nothing about anything and just float on because our record acts like we arent ass"
That's a torn MCL probably
Who gives a fuck about these two guys. They're twins. They're pretty good. I get it.
#GOD FUCKING DAMMIT STOP WITH THE INJURIES
God these injuries.
Jesus fuck
Why is Jihad inactive? We can use all the help we can get at this point.
There goes Boyle for the season. I think I saw his leg break.
"Madden curse has inflicted the whole team, geeeez."
Boyle too? Fuck me.
Holy shit. Are we at 20 injured players yet? It sure seems like almost the entire team is dead at this point.
"Wow, I'm not even mad about the way we're playing but THESE FUCKING INJURIES. Wtf is this"
Guys is it 2015 or something. So many damn injuries.
Getting 2015 vibes from all these injuries
Top priority now is preserve Lamar at all costs
"Worst possible outcomes, getting smacked and losing hella key people to injury...and to know the bye week was behind us"
This team is cursed
Man they should've starting flagging hits like that before hits to the head. Everyone always prefers taking a shot up high than to the damn knee.
I miss the days of dudes getting knocked tf out rather than seeing a leg break every week. It's just sad and it's career-threatening.
Boyle is quietly top 3 most important pieces to our offense. Without him this season is looking lost..
That’s broken or seriously dislocated. He’s done. What a dumpster fire of a game.
How did we win 6
"The 2015 Ravens are making a return. But in all seriousness, I hope Boyle is ok"
We went from TE power house to our only TE being T1 Diabetic
This year is cooked guys. Injuries have fucked us so hard
Lol always a flag too GET FUCKED
FUCK THE REFS
Nick Boyle is a tough dude
FIRE ROMAN
"Mark. Don't celebrate, get back to the fucking line and do it again. The team is getting embarrassed and you give two fucks about a completion?

Nice, now it doesn't even count as I'm typing it lmao."
Hopefully the silver lining is this forces Roman to adjust his offense into something fucking else
"Duvernay with more yards than Hollywood's entire season.

JK running into a wall of defensive linemen and 4 Ravens OL standing around doing nothing like two pairs of Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dumbs.

Now we can even fucking line up correctly."
Jackson on point with these throws in this weather.
So turns out the procedural penalty was dog shit. Classic.
Anyone else remeber when the DEFENSES told the NFL if you dont let us hit them in the chest guys will end up tearing up reciever's legs?
And a fucking drop. Holy shit this game has it all
Andrews knew it and did not sell it at all.
"Snap the ball idiot, they are running players off the field get the easy offsides"
"Obviously down, right?"
He had the 1st down !
Holy fuck did Greg learn to call a normal play on 4th and 1???
That play 10 more times. K thx
At least they called the right play on 4th and 1 this time. Not sure how that wasn't  the playcall the first time
We have to go faster
This team has every injury possible
Orlando brown is fat too. Let’s put him on the D-line and see how it works!
I really don't care what happens the rest of the game honestly... So deflated after all these injuries. The rest of the season isn't gonna get better in that department :(
cut skura
He has a cut on his hand. His hand wasn’t cut off. No excuses for Skura.
These snaps lol
"The rain is falling. Our all pro left tackle is out for the year, 650 pounds is missing on the dline. Our best downfield TE blocker is out for the year. The Steelers are undefeated. This is not the year."
I can't stand that annoying fog horn that always plays during the away team's 3rd downs at Gillette Stadium. It's obnoxiously loud.
Why does this team never play with urgency?
THE NEED VI SNEAD!!
FUCK THAT HATERS LETS GO LLAMA
Lamar putting the team on his back. Let's fucking finish this.
holy shit the pats players are annoying. just shut the fuck up
who would have thought willie would have 2 TDs tonight?
"I have the need

The need for Snead"
Snead's the kind of guy who needs to step up in this game and he just did.
Snead #1 receiver
LAmAR CAnT THrOw
Lamar throwing dimes in the rain.
We need to win in memory of nick boyle legs
Great passing from Lamar that drive even with all the rain
Lamar looks pissed even after that TD pass. Wish we could see what he would do with a better Oline and better recievers
This really could be lamars big game. Showed a lot if mettle on that drive from Lamar
"Now the def needs to get a turnover, force a 3 and out, something"
Good drive defense needs to step up and make a stop
God please defense dig down somewhere and get a stop
"C'mon defense need a stop, then we in this"
At least Willie came to play tonight
“We suck” “we’re trash” Lamar: Imma carry the team
Snead been looking good the past few weeks
Boykin is out there running around just trying to lose his breath 😂
Lets goooo! But why are they even allowed to play in this typhoon
"I missed up to midway through the 3rd quarter so I don't know how we got into this hole, but if they can drive it like that in the rain, we have a chance here.  Good job by Lamar and many others."
Snead WR1
"defense needs a stop or a TO, gotta show up"
Lamar is fucking back
Puppy pissed on the floor. I stepped in it with my new ravens socks. Do with this info as you will. Fuck!
JUICEMAN
BALL SO HARD UNIVERSITY
put some respect on my man snead's name
I don't like some of the shots Lamar is taking. I know he's strong but there's literally an example on the other sideline of a QB that has taken too many big hits in his career.
That shot deep at the end of the first half is looking really bad rn
We really need a quick  stop and keep the momentum.
"Defense hasn't done much all game, it's time for them to step up"
Uhhhhh? WAS THAT MARCUS PETERS LFG!!!
Peter’s is a beast
Have Marcus peters play pass rush bois
Only positive is lamar is balling. If the rest of the team held their weight the story would be Lamar’s playing like last year.
I hate when judon makes 1 good play then gets up like he’s JJ Watt
"is Marlo still out on the field, or is he actually injured?"
Quit knocking Judon’s effort
random irrelevant Suggs graphic?
Defense did a thing
huge stop
3 and out!  Ok lets build on the momentum!
I miss Ray Lewis so much right now.
Wow that was amazing defense
YAAAASSSSS D!
Lmao 3-AND-OUT!!!
Did I just enter an alternate timeline where the Ravens defense isn't a steaming pile of hot kaka?
YES!
Anyone wanna see a long Hollywood td?
We got this boys!! Come on Lamar. Get that team the W.
Trailblazer is such a joke of an off-roader compared to Jeep and the new Bronco lmao
I think we're gonna block a kick this game. Our dude has just barely missed the timing by a hair every time their kicker/punter is in the game
"Let's let Lamar fucking rip, let him do whatever the fuck he wants honestly"
If there's a time for Lamar to silence the media for saying he can't win in big games and can't win from behind.... this is the game.
Get Ingram out of the game plz
Wouldn't mind Ingram not getting the ball anymore...
Love Ingram’s personality but he’s done as a #1.
Let's get it for Boyle
Take Ingram out of the game smh
Lamar should've run that
Wait so judon gets a hit on a defenseless receiver but that isnt?
And that's a breakdown of this offense. Lamar does something dumb to waste a down and then we fall short on 3rd down.
"Snead putting the team on his back, who woulda thought"
You were wide open to run........
Holy shit what a punt though
"Good punt, plus half the distance to the goal!"
Snead at least getting open.
"Same fucking play as the first punt of the game, good to see they called it this time"
Koch beautiful kick man
Turnover time
I wonder if Lamar has been told not to run because of field conditions?
I know punting is 100% the right play but damn I want us to go for it every time on fourth and short!
I don’t know of this is an unpopular opinion but I think Hollywood is a replaceable WR and I don’t think we should resign him because I have a feeling he’s gonna want a lot of money
"Didn’t like Hollywood’s body language there, I get he wants touches but you aren’t getting open, he tried to force you the ball once and it got picked. He needs to get open before he complains about his play"
"Whenever Ingram is out there this offense just looks so bleh. I know we gotta give him his reps, but JK is just too good to keep on the bench! Feed JK the ball pleaseee Rowman, I need more JK!"
"Jesus, that Amazon commercial was long as fuck."
Please just stop them just this once
Who ready for that Greg Roman fired upvote party?
Just sell out on the run if cam beats us with his arm so be it
Gashes us for 9. Fucking come on
Did Cary Williams grow dreads
WOW
Fucking cheating ass spot wtf.
Horrible spot
All we had to do was not give up a 9 yard run
No way he got that first down   😡😡
Terrible spot.
Bad spot again.
Free first down
Harbaugh challenge. The ball is visible
Wolfe is playing good tonight
WHY IS HE WIDE OPEN IN THE FLAT
"I’m sorry what? That was short and the ref slipped and put it a few inches further than he meant to, what the fuck??"
"Fuck, judon ball out or something. Equal out the refs bs"
Derek Wolfe is a goddamn tank!
Why did that dude just give up on going for the sack?
"We have the slowest pass rush I swear, on exacerbates our poor passing offense when our D can't hang with a good O"
Honestly can't watch these refs. I don't know what's a penalty
"Nfl needs a better system to decide ball placements. The refs are just humans, they definitely get the ball wrong by at least a few inches every time there’s a rumble play on the line like that"
Yannick with a nice pressure!
Huge play
YANNICKK
Chris Board?? Idk who he is but I like him
"WE GOT A BALLGAME, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN."
Lmao lamar
"defense stepped up again, now we need the offense to do as well"
O line needs to step up now and force the ball down Pats throat
We have to time this well. Us going down and getting a score just to go up 1 with too much time left... I know this Pats team ain't winning a Super Bowl this year but that's still a position you don't want to be in.
THATS WHY THE D IS ARE THING
Hollywood is frustrated and I hope Lamar doesn't try to force feed him
"Time to shut up the haters lamar, this is what they said you couldn’t do"
"dad just showed me the replay of the ref butchering the spot. Runs out and grabs the ball, looks down does a Cha Cha slide to the right and spots it a yard farther"
FUCK YOU SKURA WHAT THE FUCK
Please cut skura
Skura is fucking killing us
Send Skura to the CFL
PLEASE FUCKING BENCH SKURA FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
Skura is shitting all over himself.  I wonder if its in his head at this point.
Three bad snaps. Game losing mistakes.
God 3rd and 15 bc of Skura
BENCH SKURA
God awful throw
Maybe we should put Lamar under center a few times?
Lamar got lucky as fuck
skura gotta go
Horrible throw
skura snapped this fucking game away
move mekari to center.
IT HASNT JUST BEEN THE LAST 2 GAMES HES DONE THIS HIS WHOLE CAREER
"Skura, it's that the same guy that has been waived and cut by us like 3 times? lol"
Skura sucks. Get paid millions to snap a fucking ball.
"When our offense was good, our defense sucked. Now our defense is good, our offense sucks."
Skura ruined the 4th and 1 earlier and now this
Okay we need a turnover right fucking now to keep the streak alive. Let's hunt boys.
Got lucky there. Horrible throw 8
"Has there been one clean snap tonight? I mean good lord, Skura. Give our offense a damn chance"
Who else on the Ravens can play Center?   Matt Skura ain't it
You CANNOT have a center who can't SNAP THE BALL. And it's raining? I put that on the coaches as well; his hand injury is known and was surely seen in practice.
Our 20 pt streak on the line
"Cox is snapping the ball 10 plus yards perfectly in this weather, get skura tf outta here"
Come on queen.
Dude what in the fuck. Throwing into triple coverage to Hollywood. Mind numbing. Not like it was going to get converted but come the fuck on
Still hard to believe there wasn’t a flag on that ground hit. If somebody slammed on Brady after a play was over there would be yellow everywhere.
"Surpise surprise, Queen doing nothing in coverage"
Our defense fucking sucks.
Jakobi Meyers played QB?! No fucking way Collinsworth
Did you guys know that jakobi meyers played QB at one point.
No foul?? Peters was held like crazy!!
So cam gets the call but Lamar doesn't
They won’t even get the ball back with this defense lol
Lamar actually got hit in the head
Two ravens records are about to fall defensive turnover and 20+ points
"This is embarrassing man. New England is fucking horrible, how is this fucking team playing so bad?"
This game has just been miserable to watch
What the actual fuck was that 😔
Gonna need a miracle.
"I feel like we are in this position often, can we please win one of these"
The football gods owe us
Chris collingsworth is so dumb. “Maybe he has something special for this punt”. No dumbass
Did it just start pouring even more? Great
Looks like Mother Nature don’t want us to win smh
It is pouring LMAO can they even finish this shit
"Linemen are holding, receivers aren't getting out of bounds, end of days weather..."
Okay do when we can't see downfield and Collinsworth can and says run Lamar that tells you all you need to know about our receivers
God hates the ravens lmao
Hahahahahahaahah of course. I couldn’t do anything but laugh there
God hates the Ravens apparently
Miserable game
Top to bottom team was a complete joke
This team doesn't deserve the playoffs
"As if the next two weeks schedule wasn’t brutal enough, the Ravens are now the fodder for the official New England Patriots resurrection from the dead on the way to a surprise playoff berth and run."
EDC NEEDS TO MAKE TO SOME POWER MOVES ON THE OFFENSIVE SIDE OF THE BALL YOU HAVE GIVEN LAMAR ZERO OFFENSIVE WEAPONS
"People blaming Hollywood are dumb asf. He had no chance to catch that ball, it should have never been thrown."
Trying to force feed Hollywood like he THAT guy LMAOOOOOO 🤣🤣🤣🤣
#I have never seen so many commercials for such a trash as QB such as Baker Mayfield
"If we don't beat New England we don't get past the first round in the playoffs this year, full stop"
Queen getting toasted in coverage once again
Guys you can't be blaming Hollywood for that pick. He was very well covered and the ball shouldn't have been thrown to him
Well I’ve decided imma just stay off this game thread for the rest of the night people here just being way too stupid
"Fuck all of you pessimists. It’s one thing to be upset with how our D is playing, it’s another to say the game is over and our season is fucked. It’s not even half time."
GO TF TO BED IF YOU DONT LIKE WATCHING THE GAME FFS
#In typical Harbs fashion there will be no major shakeups after this bullshit game
We're losing this shit. We'll be tied with the fucking Browns while captain fat fuck is undefeated. What a fucking collapse after having the year we had last year. Embarrassing
It's not a Ravens game if we don't do some dumb shit on a punt
Called it
Do we have a defense???
[deleted]
The people that make commercials shouldn't have jobs. That money could go to something useful
"Man, maybe some of you all should just go to bed lol"
"LMAO PUT THE GAME TO BED, you let Meyers drop a fucking dime like that???"
UM QUEEN?
Steelers loss is gonna prove huge down the stretch
I love Snead. We need to use him a lot more
[deleted]
Brown is so small
Thats fine. First bad play by Lamar all game
Lamar loves turning the ball over when we’re in scoring ramge
Why did LJ throw up that shit pass? Terrible
"Anyway, it was a good offensive half with a bad ending. We're guaranteed a defensive turnover this half and we'll keep it moving on offense. We good"
Everyone make sure you don’t get too negative! Just close your eyes and pretend nothing is wrong!
[deleted]
Anyone checked on the availability of Haloti Nghata?
"let's make it 20-17 c'mon, let's get it going"
HAHAHAHAHAHA good night
This team is a dumpster fire.
It’s getting harder to defend against the haters every week. Fucking sad
#WHERES DEZ AT???
"what happened to all of the ""fans"" telling us to tank for a better pick?"
Skura has lost this game
That’s not a raven Lamar
"Cut skura man, put mekari in"
I am actually legit shocked we lost to this trash team.
"Last week was for the AFC North, this week was to be at least Playoff contenders.  We blew both games."
"Pathetic. Mentally weak.

This NE team ain’t even good, what a sad game"
Nobody gets excited about a good centre but you really do notice the effect that a shit one can have on killing an offence
I'm confused. What were some of you expecting Brown to do? Phase through JCs body magically to catch that horrible pass? That was piss poor decision making by Lamar. Period.
"Defense needs to stop the run. Period. I don’t know how many times I thought, “oh, he’s going down,” and the RB somehow blows by/through 5 of our defenders."
Then y'all wonder why r/nfl doesn't take us seriously.
I really don’t want to watch them play another prime time game this season
I hate how fucking poorly coached this team is. It is such a piss off watching a team with high potential shoot themselves in the foot repeatedly
This sub is a cesspool of human garbage at times. Who the fuck even are you clowns?
Someone said Lamar looks horrible like that wasn’t his first bad decision of the half lol. You “fans” are unbearable
CaLm DoWn GuYs
[removed]
Already starting off with a lack of discipline nice 😐
hopefully just a charley horse
Worst defense I seen since the Chiefs game. Maybe all those injuries starting to show now
So you can do an illegal pick as long as it’s not past the line of scrimmage... hmmm
It would be the most Ravens thing for the O to look elite and the D take a complete shit and let NE win
What on earth is Cam’s hair? It’s like it has hands.
"Being mediocre feels even worse than being flat out bad. At least when you’re flat out bad, it’s easier to emotionally disconnect."
"Remember when the Ravens had the best defense in the league?

Pepperidge Farms remembers."
I appreciate this bully ball from NE. Teams don’t do that to us often.
Embarrassing
Imagine being a top 3 defense arguably the best defense in the league and we can’t stop one of the worst offenses in the league 💀 god damn when it’s not one thing with these team it’s the other
How do the Pats constantly find ways to score off plays like this every fucking season
The Jets embarassed this team last week. What’s our excuse for this?
Patriots so confident they take the TO lmao.. don't blame them tbh after what I've seen so far.
Hollywood had no chance at that. Really poor decision.
"We had these games all the time with Flacco, guys.

Remember when we lost to Blaine fucking Gabbert in 2011 on primetime? When we choked against the Chargers that same year? That was a 12-4 team that was so much better than the 10-6 super bowl team the next year.

It's fine, just hope for an Indy-esque second half. I think we'll be a much better second half team tonight."
"I agree that Hollywood is not doing a good enough getting separation, but blaming him for that int is ridiculous. That throw and decision was atrocious."
"People forgot the times Hollywood was open early this season and Lamar just missed him. Couple times in the chiefs, and Washington  game come to mind"
I never wanna hear Hollywood complain about targets when he's being put in Alcatraz by JC Jackson when Lamar is trying to give him the ball.
We gonna be fine if the d can pick it up
This is trash
"Still think us ""doomers"" are wrong?"
If we go and throw 2 out of the next 3 plays. I’m going to bed.
Adios Greg Roman.
Every time Roman calls a play there should be a laugh track playing immediately after.
"Here we fucking go. This is why I fucking hate th ""only down by 3 mentality"", the fucking momentum has to be taken into consideration."
Fuck Greg Roman. Please fire this stupid shit already. That was the dumbest play call ever.
"I consider holding them to a FG after the botched snap, a positive to build on."
Yea season is over. When do yall want to have the Lamar contract extension discussion?
"Our offensive line: 

LT: Orlando Brown (filling in for Stanley)

RT: Bradley Bozeman (6th round pick)

C: Matt Skura (coming off of a ACL, MCL, PCL, and dislocated knee injury)

RG: Ben Powers (I don't think he's ever started a game before)

RT: Patrick Mekari (UDFA and first time playing tackle tonight)"
"Every. Single. Week. What is John Harbaugh doing? This is the most undisciplined any Harbaugh team has looked ever. 


Edit. Undisciplined."
We have 2 burners in Hollywood and Duvernay and I’ve seen zero wr screens!!! blasphemy
A long drive that ends with a TD would break our backs rn. We gotta stuff them back here.
It’s sad that Ngakoue hasn’t gotten a sack for us yet but he has been our best pass rusher easily since we got him
"Ugh, I haven’t been this stressed since Election Day..."
Skura just lost us this game
Terrible throw and decision
Patriots MVP Matt Skura everybody
A dropped pass followed by a pre school snap. Go fuck yourselfs
Why the fuck is Skura still in the game
Watch this count as a big game loss for Lamar but last years against Patriots dont 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
See ya next week Flock. :(
This is one of the worst losses of the last few years.
Cut Skura.
We just lost to the patriots
"ITS A COACHING PROBLEM, OUT-COACHED"
Harbs and Eric need to get to the root cause of this shit at the end of the year. Something is terribly wrong.
"I’m still rooting for Roman to get the boot so we can move to a Bills/Hawks/Cards offense. 

I maintain this offense limits Lamar so much with his arm with these shit passing concepts"
"“Ravens offense is too predictable!!”

*Ravens try something different 

“OMG why are we doing trick plays??”


Some very fickle fans"
"Ravens thankfully have a crap schedule and can probably win 10 games just by beating DAL, JAX, CIN, NYG. They’ll probably beat Cleveland too because they stink, but TEN and PIT are Ls"
End the fucking game. Take the L. Lets save the embarrassment. Shit is looking like checkdown flacco years again. Roman ruins another QB and Harbaugh is too chicken shit to do anything.
the only good thing about this year is biden winning
"Fire Greg Roman, cut Skura

This team is ass."
I’d give a limb to be half as good at something as Dhop is a football
"Hey offense, just pretend the Colts game never ended so just keep doing what you were doing."
Lesssss go can’t wait
LETS GOOOOOO RAVENS I HATE WAITING SO LONG
fuck the pats. i'm glad they suck now.
I am hype. Maryland drivers are terrible but they are not as bad as Massachusetts or Connecticut drivers. Big Truss.
We are going to feast tonight. I want to see that second half last week ravens all night tonight. LET'S GO
Are any dogs in the house
This game should be a slaughter.
Hoping with all the scrutiny the ravens coaching staff has received we see our offense light it up today
Bruh Cam Newton has 2 TD passes... and 11 INTs this is the biggest fall off to a superstar ever
Cris Collinsworth looks old as shit lol. He’s aged 20 years since the last time I saw him.
**I’m Ready**
"Imo we're a better team, but the combination of Roman being trash AND going against Bellichick has me kinda nervous"
Why tf does Lamar have to play in so many rain games ... that combined with having early leads in so many games is a huge reason his passing numbers are low which nobody ever mentions
Why TF does the US have so many damn commercials...it shouldn't take this long to watch a game
caw caw MFers
Imagine Prime JO on this offense.. wait he was never not in his prime
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Hope this is a Madden worthy game
Looks cold and rainy. Gus busssssss
i am once again asking everyone here if they know where i can get harb's mask
Lol yikes to those PFF rankings for our receivers
Skura 30/37 on PFF? Damn lol
jfc that was close
Former ravens superstar John simon
I already like what I see from playcalling and protection. I'm checking out for the night to just watch. God speed.
C’mon awareness
Hill come on man!
At least our o line isn’t fucked this game...
Hill would have been able to see the fair catch if he wasnt being held the whole time
"Why yall mad already, i liked that drive. We took a shot and lamar looked good dropping back"
Nice pass by Lamar. Brown just didn’t separate.
"Well, that was an uninspiring opening drive.

Let's see what the defense has in store."
1:30 am here on a Monday I hope we win this shit or I'm gonna be pissed
"Watching that Hopkins catch makes me really think what could have been, maybe he could teach our young guys to get separation, also he could make contested catches"
"Anyone else see that Hollywood was WIDE open on the first play of the game? I think Lamar knows he missed it, which is why he forced that throw on third down"
I'm just embarrassed for this Offense
I’m just frustrated we whiffed on Boykin and (maybe) Hollywood when the last two drafts were stacked with really good WRs
So they just going to gash us
wtf is that td/int ratio
Could we maybe tackle with arms and stuff?
Y’all saw Murray to DHOP? WE NEED THAT FR LOL
F thepats
Holy shit Harrison!
Leek with the huge hit in the backfield.
Harrison bout to murder this offense lol
Missing calais
"You forget how big can newton is...


Nope, no he's fucking enormous"
I hate Cris collinsworth
"Well, so far the inept Patriots offense is moving better then ours."
YIKES Judon
There's no way Queen is 80 out 88 NFL LBs lol. None.
Okay Judon did something! Cheer!
Fucking finally Judon
Look at Judon making a positive play!
God our secondary can’t catch a damn break
A POSITIVE JUDON MOMENT!
Oh shit Judon got a sack
Walk it off marcus
Jesus no more injuries in the secondary please....
So we have 1 healthy corner
"Damn this stream is WAY behind


Good job, Judon!!!"
great more fucking injuries
God injury’s suck
Ugh please not be serious
"A few notes on Baltimore’s defense: - @gdowning14


- The Ravens have allowed 17.8 points per game this year, the fewest in the NFL. 
- They have forced 17 fumbles, the most in the NFL. (Next-best team has 10). 
- They have a takeaway in 21-straight games, the NFL’s longest active streak."
Will we ever have a year without a million CB injuries? Doubtful.
"Was that knee on knee? If so he could be OK but obviously, that will hurt like a mfer for a while."
Run the damn ball
Why do we keep running into each other. DB's and WR's
Please let the juiceman be alright
I miss having confidence on the offense :/ was such a wonderful time
Our CBS are made of tissue paper
PETERS <3
Ts&Ps for Peters - just rub some dirt on it you’ll be fine
"Here’s a ravens drinking game, every time we motion the TE and we end up running that way take a shot."
Did Guy just pancake Fluker?
I love that formation they were in
Mark Andrews: **ON**
mandrews always feeling it
"Collinsworth ""Lamar gets effective when Andrews is wide open"""
Keep that pace boys.
"This first quarter went hella fast, haha.

Gonna be a run-heavy slugfest."
"Yes, use the short routes and generate YAC"
Snead with the clutch
That mullet omg
"WE LIKE OUR GUYS

oops wrong sport"
Snead has been our #1 Receiver lately.
YEA NEED FOR SNEAD
DUUUUUUUV
[DEVIN DUVERNAY](https://i.redd.it/ytjhiiy35jw41.gif)
Great drive 👍
Duv is such a beast with the ball in his hands. Would be a great RB if we weren't stacked there.
 Charlie work Gus
Snead with the moves lmao
NEED 4 SNEAD!!!!!!!!!
Sneeeeaaaad
Just like we all expected tonight.
LET'S FUCKING GO GUYS!
Yes snead 👏
Great drive man
That toss was 😍
Jet sweep so effective lately in the red zone. Glad we used it too.
We have run plays tonight I haven't seen us run before. I love it.
"I feel like last year, the game that really showed how good the Ravens were was against the Patriots, lets hope that's the case, and we destroy the Pats"
Willie looks faster this year
Woo yay touch passes
I'm IGZN and I approve this drive
"Everyone always talking about how snead is a wr3 but he's always the one to get it done.

Half problem with opportunity, but still stands"
"Nbc decided to interrupt the broadcast to tell us about a tornado warning several counties away.

Come back to Willie Snead celebrating. Nice."
Offense not looking bad at all 👀
We have so many speedy WRs. I love how they are finally utilizing that on screens and runs. They might not be able to get open downfield... but they sure as hell can outrun people side-to-side. Get them the ball quick and just let them try and miss a few defenders. Awesome playcalling by Roman.
I don't know what GR did for play calling but don't stop
Wow fuck off
#Fuck I’m going back in the bathroom
Fair call. He’s in a position to break his neck
I really hope this doesn’t turn into a penalty fest
Dude wtf
WTF WAS THAT!!!! Bullshit call!!
"30 yards in penalties on completely stupid actions. Never, ever change."
Elliot’s losing that Xbox $$ left and right
"Lol ""sharp throw"" OK there was not a defender within 6 yards of him."
This next beer is for all my homies who gotta get up early for work tomorow
Run defense is absolute shit
Not liking our Rush D so far.
It pisses me off that play converted. Fucking make the play and tackle the runner.
Brandon williams hurt ankle smh
That wasn't a pick?
Offense finally shows up and the defense stays on the bus
that was pathetic defense on that drive
"Williams is hurt, they’ll run all over us if he can’t get back out there. Injuries are really mounting on us in our most difficult stretch"
That’s not how you wear a mask Cam
"Well, we gave Cam his first passing touchdown in 4 games."
"Man, it’s almost like our D took the Madden Curse from Lamar"
Yo they just played some FM 84 lol
Man pull of a timing route with a bad snap. Impressive.
Not liking the 3 RB system. Give the ball to Dobbins and Gus
GUS BUS
Gus touches ball good things happen!
#GUS BUS
anyone who watches ravens games shouldn't be surprised andrews is up there lol
Penalty on NE
Okay is gus catching the ball he needs start over Ingram
Yep call that on us call that on them
Head to Head. Thankfully they noticed there's two teams out there
Dobbins got fucking thrown lol
Soulja needs to learn to social distance from corners
"How TF are you guys calling these ""soft calls"" both were flags idgaf"
Terrible cutback. Use your speed and run forward.
">With that 9-yard scramble, Lamar Jackson joins Cam Newton as the only NFL QBs to produce 500 yards rushing in each of their first three seasons - @jamisonhensley"
"Brown had a step, Lamar sailed it a bit, get over it. We know he's 5'8"
Somebody tell that douchebag mullets were funny in high school. Grow up
"Defense gotta show up, let's get a 3 and out"
this is going to be a turnover battle. I think whoever wins that wins the game tonight
Needed 7 there. Time for the D to give it back with some time on the clock
Are you supposed to wash jerseys??
It was a weak call but it would've been 4th down anyway. Ill take the JT points
It looks like this is going to be a close game
Gonna give up 200 rushing yards ffs
Is Harris like Derrick Henry in disguise?
Alright pls get the stop D
71 low effort as fuck
Campbell is on IR?
"Tackling man, are we not getting live reps in practice?"
Man we have been decimated with injuries
Our interior D line is soft af without Williams and Campbell
"We need Williams back, Ellis is getting owned at the line."
Tackle the motherfucker already
EDC all i ask is give Lamar a stud WR1 please!
Rain + decent blocking = defense getting scorched off the ball
Harris is gonna have hella yards after contact
Defense seems so uninspired rn. Just going through the motions
We really need Campbell out there SMH
Going in tied at 10-10 at halftime and not getting the ball is not how I expected this game to go
Hey all. I'm late to the party. Is Campbell playing today? I kind of got the feeling from Harbaugh's interviews that he might miss a few games.
Come on defense.
Tramon Williams out there in 29 👀
I hope Calais and BWill are back next week...
"They take the lead before half, then get a scoring drive to start the second I'm gonna be real worried with this defense."
"It's pissing out rn, I don't think this is indicative of our actual defensive capability"
Run it unless it's 3rd down. Then pass. FML
Hey who gets the ball at the second half?
Looking lethargic out there. Front 7 getting their asses handed to them.
Lamar is having his second (?) best game of the season and it’s going to be a 10 point half. Our team is weird.
There literally is no back-up plan when your starters go out. You can't just put backups in and expect them to play like the starters. Especially when you have this many injuries.
Relax guys we’re a second half team
I am so fucking angry right now
This defense must be drunk WHAT THE FUCKKKK
How do NFL teams still fall for that
Embarrassing....
I saw that from a mile away
Aight let's go into the half up 4. Who says no?
edelman ptsd
Trash defense tonight huh
Jfc how didn't d attempt to even do anything. Half our problems are everyone giving up
He missed!
God I really fucking hate that flea flicker
"Queen is good, but he is also a rookie."
That was a dime tho lol
nick is folking trash
Week 16 vs Cleavage 2.0 lessgo
Obviously the defense isn't up to play today. Lamar and the offense are gonna have to go MNF Rams on them.
"Fuck 2020.

Seriously"
"Drafted Queen for his sideline to sideline speed and to help in coverage. 
Hes only been good in run defense, not like that matters so far tonight."
Reminder that our D-line is missing two of our best run stoppers
A fucking minute left until halftime and here we are with yet another commercial break lol
This defense is giving me diarrhea.
Fluker getting beat bad...
Oh boy this OL is not holding up in pass protection
"Now would be a good time for a screen. Low risk with chance of big yards, also keeps receiving close to sideline so we can stop the clock."
MOAR COMMERCIALS
Duuuuuuuv
Goat Tucker gonna even this up.
This weather is horrible. Lamar is doing really nicely.
Fluker is getting dusted off the snap every play
Good catch but roll out of bounds lol
Absolutely awful throw.
What an awful decision
God awful throw
Why. Just why Lamar.
Lamar makes so many decisions this year that i just can’t believe
That's on Lamar
We could’ve gone for 3 but he got greedy
bruh
-IQ
The one thing Lamar couldn't do and he did it.
Hollywood just cannot ever get open
That was dumb
Why does he throw to a guy when he's covered?
"Unnecessary shot, even if complete we're probably kicking a FG"
Another Prime Time game and crap showing.
Stupid throw and horrible positioning by Hollywood.
Smh terrible decision! We needed a FG not a shot down field
Well that was awful.  Time for adjustments and some 2nd half dominance.
Dude begging for the ball but can't get open
That Madden curse...
Covered underneath and overtop + no arc = not a good time
"Why throw jump balls to Hollywood, dude had him blanketed. Would rather see Dez out there."
"Say what you want about his passing ability, but it really feels like Lamar’s decision making has taken a nosedive this season. I’m shocked."
Now we'll get run on. Missing key run defenders. Terrible first and goal series and that pick.
DEZ OR DUV WOULD'VE MADE THAT CATCH. I'M SO OVER HOLLYWOOD
Fuck man imagine having a receiver like Hopkins I bet we would ruin him tho fuck man
"Hollywood needs to work out or something, he thinks he can be like Tyreek Hill but hes just not fast enough"
I don't want to watch this defense play football anymore today.
Defense is just getting anally excavated
🙄
“We need to stop them on the ground” they come out and just run on us. Long second half.
As long as New England keeps running they’ll win this game
My god we need Campbell
"patriots= hot knife

ravens run D = butter"
loveeee the run defense
Wow our backup DL is killing us
Queen is really struggling tonight
Queen is having a roughhhh game
We are too focused on forcing the fumble with how bad they are gashing us. Make the tackle.
Yea this game is over
Derrick Henry gonna run for 1000 yards against this team
Run Defense is joke a rn
"Fucking Peters, dumbass."
Im just gonna see how high I can get before I fall asleep
LMAO how does the run d get worse
"Holy crap, the Ravens suck. This Patriots team is utter trash."
Queen has some serious issues. Bring the downvotes
Harrison looks lost
SO FUCKING BAD LOL
That 2nd QTR INT is going to be the nail in our coffin. This defense is not getting a stop.
We're gonna fuck around and lose this game.
"Fuck.  Off.  
  
Nice flop."
defense couldn’t stop shit right now man wtf
Queen looks bad this game
Yikes lol. Well at least we'll get to see Lamar air it out...
This defense is eye torture.
"And more injuries on top of it, fuck my life"
And there goes the only starter on our defensive line....
Unbelievable 😂😂
Where are our linebackers?
"If we lose wolfe in this game, they'll finish this game running for 200 yards."
Are there enough defensive linemen to finish the game?
Why Tf our defence look so shit today
Oh God....... Hoping the injuries aren't too bad
2015 war flashbacks
Halftime adjustments are a problem for harbaugh. Sometimes it seems like they just went in the locker and didn’t talk at all.
I'll cut off my pinky to not have any more injuries this season and get everyone back
We need to sign some of these vet OGs that just got into free agency and look for another CB.
missing the pre-injury defense
Argh this fucking run d
Play like this in prime time smfh
Offense needs to ball out like in the second half of last week or we're in big trouble
Patriots almost Lose to the Jets but they're walking right through us like it's nothing.
Andrew will be the x-factor in this comeback i'm calling it
Man it's like nobody wants to tackle at all today
Even if our offense can score I just don't see us winning with this run D. It's shit right now.
"8 RB carries...

19 passes..."
will Calais be good to go next week?
Henry is salivating right now.
I wish I got payed millions to suck at my job. If I performed like they do at my job my ass will in the unemployment line.
"Cardinals were down 23-9 earlier.

This can change."
This team ain’t built to come from behind oh boy
And there’s the jinx
I can't watch the game... Someone please wipe the camera lens.
Fluker got benched lol.
Calm down Roman we got this .
Oh snap that's right. Powers is in 👀
I knew we would play like trash tonight.
Awful play call on 3rd.   My god
"Fluker pulled. Mekari RT, Powers RG"
D.J. Fluker can’t play football anymore
WHAT IS THAT
LMaoooooooooo this team
Game over
This is an embarrassment and someone needs to be fired tomorrow.
😂
#WHAT THE FUCK WERE YOU THINKING
That's our play huh?
THIS ISNT THE FUCKING 2007 DOLPHINS WHY ARE WE RUNNING THE WILDCAT
Lmaoo u gotta be kidding me
Fucking Greg Roman needs to be out ob his ass TONIGHT
That’s it see everyone next week
"Lmfao, Golden"
Why are we doing a direct snap to ingram in that situation? Why?
"Nice snap, asshole"
WHAT THE ABSOLUTE FUCK WAS THAT ARE YOU KIDDIJG ME
LMAO what is this game
Good game... not. Goodnight.
Well.....this is a joke
Fuck off
#WHAT. THE. FUCK.
"Hot take, that wasnt great"
"Yes, let’s take it out of lamars hands. He’s the only option at this point"
A head might have to roll after this embarrassing ass shit
Awful snap but why the fuck are we going wild cat on a 4th and 1?
Yes keep the ball out of our best players GR the wildcat should do it very smart play calling.
"I've withheld it as long as I can, offense line struggles or not, Greg Roman needs to be fired."
Why would Roman call that. Just why
Can someone tell me why Skura can’t get down the snaps??
Wish we had Peko rn
Who was the dude that was “full mast” over the play calling? Another fan who doesn’t know football.
Why did we cone out in the wildcat?
"And if you're going to do a direct snap keeper at least snap it to the best RB on the team, not the worst."
Welp. A td pretty much seals it. Gotta golf them to a fg or less
"I'm too drunk to go to the store and get more liquor, but not drunk enough to be calm through this"
That’s just good Blertimor Footbirds pigBall.
">The #Ravens moved Patrick Mekari to right tackle to replace D.J. Fluker. Ben Powers is at right guard. Mekari hadn't played tackle in the NFL before today, but he spent time at that spot in college. - @AaronKazreports"
With Lamar it’s like we’re constantly in a wildcat. All that did was take the pass potential out of the offense
[deleted]
Can any of our corners force a fumble here. Please
So.....we getting rid of Greg Roman yet? Dude fucking sucks
"We need to completely fix our o-line, WR's AND edge rushers this offseason. Yikes."
You know that Harbaugh's angry neck vein is just throbbing under his mask tonight.
On the brightside we didnt go through much  adversity during the regular season last year and I think it hurt us come playoff time. If we get in the adversity and hopefully players coming back will make us better adept to handle adversity bout the only bright side I can see now.
This is embarrassing
"YOU HAVE LAMAR JACKSON UNDER CENTER BY DEFAULT FOR FUCKS SAKE!!!

What does Greg Roman do? Snap it directly to THE WORST BY FAR and also freshly back from injury RB jesus fucking Christ! Greg better be fired after this, what a dumb piece of shit."
Bro I’m straight up not having a good time
"Our Defense can't fucking stop shit right now, this game is fucking over if the Pats score here. Fuck Greg Roman"
I might have to stop watching before this gets ugly
Call the game
"Lol, they’re going to run for 8-10 yards on every play for the rest of the game and we’re not going to make any adjustments or do anything about it."
"&#x200B;

Injuries are going to be the excuse for tonights piss poor  performance and for the forseeable future.

&#x200B;

Duly Noted"
https://youtu.be/U7fjDS0jKiE
Run all over us baby. The fucking dogshit Patriots are absolutely dominating us.
our whole team is dead lmao
run D is absolutely depleted by injuries rn and it’s obvious
"We go down 17 and it’s over, at this point 13 might be to much for us"
Queen is not making tackles tonight
Every week Judon fucking God can we please just cut him
Judon with his trademark play. He fuckin sucks
Judon your are by far the most skilled idiot on this team.
"Bro what the fuck how is that possibly a fucking penalty on us.
Edit jk fuck off"
Thats a garbage call
I’m laughing because it’s better than crying...
Who is ju’don?
Judon please GOOOOOO away
"Welp, was debating whether to go to sleep and this seals it. If we somehow win, i will wake up happy. If not, i expect us to lose"
"I don’t think I’ve ever seen as talented a squad in any sport that doesn’t believe they can win THE INSTANT they’re down by even a single point.

Gameplan goes out the window and the heads go down. It’s so bizarre and it’s becoming part of our culture and it feeds the narrative that is throw around for every one of these games.

And this isn’t even a good team we’re playing tonight."
Judon wtf was that.
"Death, taxes, and Matthew Judon's stupid bum ass getting an unnecessary roughness foul.

That fucking clown is *stealing* a living."
"Yeah... idk man. 

The pats' OL has taken over the game. Our defense is committing 15yd roughing penalties left & right. G-Ro is losing his mind now as well.

How in the world are we going to win this game?"
Bs call
"It isn’t just the injuries on the O-line. Or the D-line. Or the lack of talent at receiver. Or the bad play calling. Or the regression of Lamar. It’s also the complete and total lack of anything resembling discipline. This defense gives up SO many bullshit, unnecessary penalties. It’s embarrassingly bad. And they don’t improve. It’s like they’re not even concerned about it."
Judon will be lucky to get 10 mil this offseason
It’s raining outside
"Wtf is going on, it's not like they're throwing the ball further than 5 yards so can somebody figure it out here"
Marlon seemed to be grabbing his arm/shoulder
"Field Goal, fuck I was prepared to just go to bed, now i have to keep watching this shitshow"
good stop needed to keep it a 2 possession game
"Cam is ass. I stg if it wasn't raining we'd be winning by a mile



But if my aunt had a dick, she'd be my uncle. D NEEDS TO STEP UP"
Hate to a Debby downer but we could go on a 3 game losing streak if we lose tonight with the Titans and Steelers coming up
The fact that that drive ended in a FG is a damn blessing. We need to wake up and stop making such bad mistakes
"Historically, Ravens football is having an amazing defense and subpar-good offense."
what the shit is happening
"Say what you want about Boykin, at least he didn't tweet that stupid shit."
Well every time I watched from outside we scored so I guess I’ll take one for the team and watch the rest of this game in the freezing cold...
I really don't even know anymore. I can say fire Roman but in a COVID season who tf would even replace him. We're also playing with guys literally off the street. Some of these guys I didn't even know was signed to the team lol
"You didn’t want to be the team playing from behind in this one. The weather is an abomination. If the ravens don’t get a TD on this drive, it’s over. They’re not gonna March down the field in 3 minutes late in the game."
"We weren't gonna get the 1 seed anyways, all that matters at this point is making the playoffs"
HILY FUCKING SHIT
"Lamar needs to put this on his back and stop counting on Hollywood to contribute, short plays, screens, open up the middle of the field for him. The deep ball anywhere near 15 is a no go"
oh fucking god Boyle thats bad
Broken leg.
Boyle is done
Fuuuuuck Boyle noo
Duck
Injury to insult
TIL how to separate the McCourtys. Thanks SNF
Can we forfeit before more injuries
hospital ball..
That was a loud snap sound
"Patriots: ""yoooo we just broke dudes leg better get him some help b"""
2020 can just fuck off
Everything is shit. I want off this planet. Fuck everything.
And now Boyle. Good season.
Thats Boyle’s season
Ah yes an injury to another starter is just what we need. Hope Boyle is ok
Not another injury
Starting to feel like 2015 with the injuries piling up
"At this point just forfeit to avoid more injuries. Between Greg Roman and the rain, this offense is doomed."
Seriously... We actually need to stop playing just to make sure we don't lose anyone else.
"Gdamn. I don't even care anymore
 Season isn't worth all these guys getting hurt"
I swear I heard his leg crack
Fuck this bullshit. We're done.
Delete this season
Why are you guys saying andrews? It was Boyle.
Can we just go back to week 1?
">A cart is being brought out for Ravens TE Nick Boyle, per 
@MikeReiss - @jamisonhensley"
We’ve run 2 slants for 25 yards and 2 first downs
It's gonna be a rough second half of the season boys
"Carted off, so that's definitely season over. Will the Ravens have enough players to field a team?"
Fuck well as long as the steelers pats or bucs don't win it all this year I'll consider the season a success.
My god the replay looked bad
Duvernay is already better than marquise blockbuster brown
Can we play with some urgency or energy?
HOW WAS THERE 6 PATRIOTS JERSEYS AND NOT A SINGLE LINEMAN BLOCKING ON THAT RUN??
Fire Greg Roman. Now.
 Why did they show that?
"With Boyle gone, might as well pack it in."
And his best pass of the day is ruined by not lining up correctly
What a fucking surprise
I'm actually scared for our other guys now. This year has had terrible injuries
I got downvoted into oblivion for calling that a dirty ass play in the r/nfl game thread. Am I insane? That guy was hunting Boyle’s knee
Our fucking receivers arent even good at lining up wtf
Are you fucking kidding me what bullshit
horrible drop by snead
This is the worst coached team in football. We consistently can’t lineup correctly.
"""Whoops, gotta make up for that bullshit call!"""
I mean that has to be a record for most illegal formations in a season
Like of course the rain just comes down like this as soon as the Patriots are up like why the fuck wouldn't it?
If anything that’s a first down from forward progress
Love you Gus
GUSSSS
Gus is why I’m still watching
Put Mekari at center if Skura can’t snap
Get Bozeman at C
Enough of Skura. Enough please.
Why is Skura still the centre?
We’re turning into the 49ers with these injuries lmfao
Just need a TD and a stop. We're more than capable of it. Let's go.
Again the snap was to the side. Lama is doing a great job adjusting it.
oh my goodness another bad snap
Just a reminder that we have a backup C at RT 😂
Credit to Lamar for handling these shit snaps in this weather
SNEAD LETS GO
LAMAR I LOVE YOU BRO
Willie Snead is our best WR by a long shot.
WOOOOOO NOW LETS PLAY SOME FUCKING D
Pats trying to sell all these iffy plays... fuckin hell
Patriots are still the most whiny team in the league when they have the lead
YES perfect to score before the end of the quarter!! We still in it
Did anyone hear that weird refs frequency?
"Willie ""Two Touchdowns"" Snead!"
FINALLY. TOUCHDOWN RAVENS
Redemption Snead thank you
"Cmon Debbie downers, celebrate something positive with me! Possible comeback! :/"
Skura needs to do nothing but practice snapping this week
Willie Snead for WR1
Lets go WILLIE
FEED THE SNEAD!
"Nice drive, now if only the defense can get a stop"
We just need a stop.
Let's win this for Boyle!
"Good play call, good read, good route, good throw... Solid TD."
Let’s go baby. Lamar is the only fucking reason
LAMAR
People will try to blame Lamar but he's playing with a JV squad right now and still doing his thing.
Love Lamar and Sbead😩💦🍆
Snead is nice I like him a lot
Come on Defense for the love of God.
Lamar Jackson is an ELITE NFL QB
Defense needs to step the fuck up
"I completely forgot Boykins is even on the team, he’s non-existent. ...Must be an amazing all-world
blocker."
Defense better show the fuck up now
Thank you Lamar
LOVE LIVE LAMAR
Time to extend our consecutive takeaway record right here let’s go.
Ffs poor Nick. Wish him a speedy recovery. Guys we only have 1 TE on the roster now.
Great pass
Why are we all suddenly labelled as haters now we scored? Take me back to 20k subs.
Fumble 6 let's fucking go!!!!!!!!!
Momentum can get killed REAL quick if the defense can’t make a stop.
Damn MP
Defense absolutely must make a stop here
Next week is the rematch between   the Ravens and  Titans    👀
Who said Peters dont tackle 😤
let's gooooo
"Please defense, just please!"
3 and out let’s go
CAN YOU FEEL THE POWEEEEEEE! MOMENTUM IS CHANGING
WE CAN DO THIS NEXT MAN UP LETS GET IT DONE
Marcus Peters is a dawg
It's raining at my place too and my antenna feed keeps cutting out :(
KEEP THAT ENERGY DEFENSE
Judon!  Wow
Two big run stops!
The beast has awoken.
Need to stop them from converting this 3rd
Okay if we dial it up here we have to get home. Let's go!!
Defense finally woke up
What's going on y'all? My stream died
PUNT BITCH
THERES THE FIRE LETS GOOOO
Lets go defense!!!!!!!
Now let's #FeedTheBus
Judon is finally living up to expectations
Fucking PERFECT time for defense to make a stand. We can play our game again. Lets gooooo
"Can we not get into a fucking fight when we just stopped them on 3rd down and are currently losing on the road?

Thank you."
Let's fucking goooooo
"perfect, now come on lamar!!"
Oh my God! Our defense did something!
"That was close to being blocked, damn"
Let's roll!!!!!! Eat up some clock and take the lead!
RUN THE BALL
Hand the ball to Gus 12 times
Love Ingram but we need gus
Ingram fucking sucks man
Please put JK and Gus in....I love Ingram but please
Gotta get Ingram out of there
Why ingram when gus was killing them?
Throw was shit man come on
Lamar should have just tucked that and ran
Lamar... why didn’t ya run my guy?
Lamar neeeeeedds to use his legs man
Fake it 😈
"Finally a holding call, Christ"
Fucking go for it....run Gus up the middle
FUCKING RUN LAMAR
Safety incoming 😳
This offense is a ghost of what it was last year
We need a real fucking OC
BTW where tf has Chris Moore been this season? Like he lose a leg or something?
Why tf we still sleeping on our real #1 rb Gus the bus? Sure he's a starter now but he's just the 3rd guy in rotation man
"Please just Gus and Lamar for now on, no more Ingram (even though i really like ingram"
That just can't happen.
Remember Hollywood's huge debut against Miami? I want that Hollywood back. 😔
"The only thing holding this offense back is Greg Roman, and our defense is HURTING without Campbell and Williams"
Queen getting manhandled by a rb jesus
Short
God how are we letting Burkhead do this to us?
"Lamar needs someone to make a play in each level consistently. Andrews has more good days than bad. 3 RB that I believe Lamar trust to make the plays when they matter. But in WR it's just Snead, which his average isn't that great, Boykin a non factor, Hollywood just no and Duvernay is kind of a gadget player so far."
He didn't get it
Definitely short.
Queen needs to play with more meanness next season. I want big hits on the middle not 9 yard gashes
You know they're getting that spot
Bullshit spot
Holy fuck those are some Patriot favourable spots so far
We have to challenge that spot
horrible spot
Look like he never even crossed the line
Thats such a shitty spot
no way that was the spot
Get the fuck outta here with that spot
Lol why not
"Play mad, D. You just got robbed."
Fucking bullshit
Torture
Derek wolfe mvp
Where the hell has this run D been
Stop them on 1st give up 9+ on 2nd rinse repeat
The fact that judon is one of our better defenders today is scary
This 3rd down is the biggest play of the game.
STOP THEM
"Someone needs to make a play, we need someone to step up here to save this game and give us a chance"
"This is why you do not give up long runs on 2nd down, made it all too easy for the refs to screw with us."
SCREE DRAW
Let’s fucking go!!! What a play
Big stop
3rd & 10 big truss
There we go!!
YES YES YES
Lets GOOOOOOO
Ok Lamar and Hollywood you want the ball back here you go
Let's fucking go D
aaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
21 games with a turnover right? None tonight 😭
Keep letting Lamar sling it! He’s getting into a rhythm
WE NEED THE WOMBO COMBO IN ACTION
"D O B B I N S 

O

B

B

I

N

S"
7 minute drive running the ball down their throat. Make that missed PAT hurt a little more.
"This game thread be like ""this is game. Can't win when behind, etc etc"" one sec then ""Big trussssss!"" the next"
"lamar needs to simultaneously acknowledge this is his moment, and also not let it affect him at all."
"Milk clock score TD, win 24-23"
ANDREWS WHYYYYYYYYY
Ffs Andrews
#Fuck Andrews
Andrews showing his bricks off when it counts
I swear with this offense it's like you blink and it's 3rd down.
Wet balls
MARK?!??
Why would they even consider putting Ingram in when Gus runs like that
never seen a team as lucky as pittsburgh
WTF LAMAR
GET EM LLAMA!!!!!! <3
Gotta hold that Andrews FFS.
Lmao that was wack
Lmao “fine i’ll do it myself” - lamar
Not the big moment mark Andrews drop
Dive for the knees more mcourtey you cunt
Wow we are fucking ourselves. Surprise.
Bro the fucking snaps
SKURA STAHP
Andrews and drops in big moments against anyone not named the Browns. Iconic duo.
Holy fuck Skura
Matt Skura is ruining my life
HOW MANY BAD SNAPS
We need to cut him he’s killing us
FUCKING SKURA
IF THAT'S TOM BRADY SOMEONE IS KICKED FROM THE LEAGUE
Slippery balls
SHIFT SKURA TO GUARD PUT MEKARI IN AT CENTER JESUS
Bet we throw it at least 5 yards short of the first down line
Damn skura
Skura need to be cut after this game
We have zero passing attack down field.
I’m gonna go cry into some vodka. Defense please stop them
Skura killed this drive
Lmao skura gonna get more than just a cut on his hand
Who in God's name was Lamar even throwing to?
Thanks Skura! Ya fucking dipshit
Fuck Skura man. Absolute trash.
[deleted]
Skura...
Gotta love Skura giving the game away!
Every week it’s another massive unforced fuckup from someone on this team.
Please fucking bench Skura. motherfucker is single handedly costing us this game. Put in Mekari. not as good of a blocker but at least he can snap the goddamn ball. Jesus fuck.
Put Cox in at this point
Can Cox do Center too?
Pain
That might've been a situation on 3rd and 15 to try and get 8-12 yards and set yourself up for a manageable 4th down.
"I've said it every game we're down, and I'll keep saying it... We need some I formation plays damn it!"
We need a gift here
"We can still come back. Got enough time, defense needs to hold em back."
Blame of the game: Skura
"Boy... that was a pretty bad throw from lamar on 3rd and long tbh.

They dropped 9. Gotta buy more time and throw downfield"
Fuck Skura
"How does Skura have a job? It’s not a cut on his thumb, it’s not the weather. This has been an issue for a while"
Would love a rainy day fumble here
"If this coaching staff doesn't look different starting next year, and we don't get Lamar any help at all I don't blame him if he doesn't want to re-sign"
Oh look queen just standing there letting them get the first down
Let’s line Lamar up 8 yards back and put Morgan Cox in at C
Still giving up long runs on 2nd and long.
Queen has a long way to go in coverage
“Here’s a guy” stfu
queen is braindead
What the fuck was Queen doing on that play lmao
"Here's a guy, drink."
What the fuck Peters SHED THE BLOCK
PETERS WHY ARE YOU STANDING THERE
Well I’m off to watch Lamar Jackson 2019 MVP highlights goodnight men
And that's the game for real
Wtf???
DEFENSE FUCKING COLLAPSED
That honestly helped
One more come on defense
"We lose this, we have the same record as the Browns. If we play like this next week, we lose that game too. Things aren’t looking great."
"How have the penalties not been handled at this point, we get over-double the amount of penalties than our opponents, terrible coaching"
Watch NE get 6 on 3rd and pick up the 4th down
"If you could go back to the draft and “re-select” a player, who would it be?

2020 draft"
It's been a real theme for this team (besides last year) to play down to their opponent's level.
Now that was a really dumb play call by the patriots
Here we go...
Lamar has to be special here.
Well Lamar heres your chance
Gonna be holding
Okay Lamar...
Great penalty guys that's what we need
Omg. Holding
"Well Lamar...

Do your thing my man."
Yanda really haunting us. Pretty devastating
Go Hollywood show your speed.
Football gods said more rain
Fuck these refs
Like are you fucking serious? The minute we get the fucking ball back this rain starts again? Like really what the fuck
"Even when there’s a prayer of a chance, there’s really none, because the line cannot not hold."
Imagine if we could just not take penalties on huge plays. That’d be so awesome.
Mark can't even hustle to get out of bounds! Useless when it matters lmao.
This team is running sprints this week
The fact it is raining harder here is a sign
Hahahaha even the football gods are against us now
They gave us the ball with that much time because they know we can't do 💩.  Such a shame our O is not a threat...
This is like the bad game on Any Given Sunday.
Patriots are cheating. They somehow managed to change the weather when we come out on offense.
This game left a bad taste in my mouth. Hopefully we can at least beat the titans to get revenge on those fuckers
Even the weather is against us
Ravens might not even make the playoffs. Horrible team.
 that was such a pathetic performance by the team holy shit
Did Yannick play tonight?
Was Dez active tonight? Why did we sign the guy if he's not going to play
They sniffed out that dobbins shovel pass every fucking time
Anybody know how many yards were lost due to penalties this game?
"I'm so fucking pissed. Greg Roman doesn't deserve a job. Who the fuck decides it's time to get cute on 4th and 1 when you're down 10?

Worthless sack of shit deserves to lose his job and never get another.

Fuck him. Fuck him. Fuck him."
"On the one hand, we just scored on a jet sweep to Willie Snead.

On the other hand, why are we running jet sweeps with *Willie Snead*?"
Could you dumbfucks stop trying to strip the ball and actually tackle?
"That's why Queen is so low on PFF, gents. He can't cover to save his lifr"
Yup throw a jump ball to the midget whos double covered
"# JUSTIN TUCKER IS THE GOAT, LAMAR IS THE MVP!"
Am I......liking this Roman offense?
"Suddenly GR a god. This sub man, this sub."
"If theres one thing i hate about the pats, its their tiny fucking hobbit receivers that all look exactly like burkhead"
I feel like Humphrey hasn't been near the ball all day....we need a fruit punch!
"Need to stack the box let marlo and Marcus press 1v1 on the outside, make Cam beat us in the air"
We've scored 10 points in this half against the one of the worst teams in football.
We got this Baltimore!!! LETS DO THIS
Patrick Queen absolutely awful in coverage.
Lmfaooooo this is fucking pathetic
How is Burkhead faster than Queen and why do we always fall for that bullshit
Lol tissue paper o-line
Any other time Hollywood can't wait to get out of bounds but right here when we need him to he just falls to the ground
The one thing you can’t do Lamar..........
"That was a dumb fuckin throw and y'all still blame the receiver, I really don't get it"
I fucking have no words. No fucking words
I feel Dez woulda caught that 🤷🏾‍♂️
Absolutely horrible decision by Lamar. No way around it. You gotta take the 3 pts there going into half
This is going to be an uphill battle trying to stop the run without Calais and Big Baby
I feel a big Defensive score coming for us soon
Everyone complaining about the offense but no one mentioning the defense. They haven't been able to stop the run at all
"Yeah, were garbage"
"We are seriously losing to a 3-5 team. 

Fuck Trap games"
So much negativity.
"This is further evidence that our D cannot continue to bail the offense out. They are the only reason the Steelers didn’t stomp us and have made pivotal forced turnover plays all season. 

Meanwhile, Lamar throws wild passes, regresses in awareness, our receivers are covered like flies on shit, and we don’t stick to the run. Fire Greg Roman"
I have to be up at 5 see y’all next week
Wowowowow let's put in our worst rb and take out Lamar. Wowoow
And there’s your weekly Judon fuckup.
Wouldn't he a ravens game without a dumb judon penalty
Humphrey is hurt
Why are we having a post Superbowl championship collapse? This team can't even spell Sooperbuwl.
STOP COUNTING THE POINTS!
THATS MY MOFO QB. FUCK YOU HATERS.
"That was a bad choice by Lamar.

Not only was there nothing but green to his left, but then the pass was poor. Just... why, man?"
Any score and this is likely over. Need a turnover
I can't believe we didn't challenge that
What a stupid terrible fucking pass.
"Ravens 100% have to cut Skura right away, when Cundiff got the yips we held on too long and it fucked us. This guys is a lost cause."
"I don't often say this during a game, but Matt Skura legitimately needs to get cut."
"Cut Skura, fire Greg Roman"
This was a bad one
Mother nature doesn't want us to have a chance.
most pathetic ending to a game i’ve ever seen. i’m fucking furious
Literally couldn't have been more pathetic
Fire Dean Pees
"Okay, this needs to be said Hollywood is not that good"
Everyone wants to cry about not having a wr but they were so against getting ab.
The rest of our team dosent deserve Lamar
Justice Hill once again providing great value to the Ravens  🙄🙄
Henry is going to have another field day on us
"No one was realistically thinking Lamar would keep up his MVP level play from last season, but my god, he just looks not great"
The jets could beat us right now
This is a 10-6 team guys
This team fucking sucks
"Can we please fire Roman, he's completely unable to innovate at this point"
WE WEREN’T WHO WE THOUGHT WE WERE!!!
At least that AT&T girl is hot.
Lamar threw that TO McCourty. WTF was that?
Can’t wait for the post game thread where we’re told how great this team actually is and you’re a fake fan for complaining about anything.
They gave up on national TV...
People saying refs bailout like our D wasn't shit and elliot isn't dumb
10 points so far against a team that the JETS diced up. Fire GRo today.
Flacco and the Jets looked better against the Pat's then we did. Let that sink in. Teams toast
Wait you’re allowed to run the ball on the first drive? Someone tell GRo
"Another week, another set of pussy refs. Shocker"
BS block in the back no call
Generous spot
WHY DID WE ESCORT HIM OVER THE 1ST DOWN LINE?? Tackle him dammit
COME THE FUCK ON
"Guys I cant believe this, Lamar Jackson is giving up too many rush yards smh my head"
Just get off the field defense. That’s fucking shameful
That pass coverage by queen made me wanna jump off a cliff damn that was bad
Wow for once I’m more concerned about the defense than the offense
This Deshaun Watson commercial is cringe.
Lamar and Snead are basically the players of the game right now. Carrying the team
What an awful throw. Can’t blame Hollywood or Roman for that
Why would you make that throw? Wtf Lamar...that's on you
What a dumb fucking throw
Hollywood supposed to be fast. He is not fast he is not big what is he
How is that on Hollywood? He was never open lol and it was a short throw
Jackson needs to learn to throw back shoulder throws
Hollywood sure complains a lot for a trashcan wr
Hollywood? More like High School Musical.
You would think we’d be down so much by looking at this sub right now lol
What thread was/ is worse? Last week at halftime or tonight’s?
"O-line play isn't as good as it was last year, part of the problem

Lamar can't scramble because all eyes are on him all the time, and defenders don't even hesitate to collapse, part of the problem

I want Lamar to be able to make it look like he's tucking and running, only to pull back up and throw it after faking the D. I feel like he needs better pocket awareness for that."
"Idk why we are trying to make everyone play out of their specialties. I get that you need practice in other areas, but this year we are ignoring our proven strengths"
Yeah it's game over. You can't win a game when you're being gashed on the ground like this.
"Literally fire people after this game, idc who just fire someone. Act like anyone cares one bit. Someone has to answer for this shit, even if it's Jim in Accounting..."
Trust the offense. Don’t trust the defense yet. Where tf is Yannick. He’s supposed to be our star. We’ll get it together.
"D line is too banged up to hang with these monsters on the pats O line. Secondary is thin as well. 

Things will be better once we get healthy"
"FUCK YOU SKURA.

He needs to lose his job. So many awful snaps in the last two weeks."
I'm so done with Roman. Holy fuck dudes.
"As soon as I saw Belichick bitching without having any business doing so, I knew that some bullshit would happen in his favor as is customary."
We are an embarrassment. We're playing this team worse than the Jets
Where all my optimists at? Fucking crickets in here right now...
Judon and really stupid 15 yard penalties. Name a more comical duo.
Judon. This guy is just an arse. His nothing. Harbs needs to sort this egotistical twat out.
"Not our year. These injuries and all the other problems we’re facing, I just don’t see it."
Must have TD here. I trust the D to get one good series.
"Yeah the defense is sucking right now but it’s like tou guys don’t acknowledge that BWill, Calais, Fort, and Jimmy are out to name a few."
Friendly reminder Hayden Hurst died for this. Nice.
How the FUCK do you get calls like that?? It's been several times this year that we lose plays to illegal formations. Roman has to go
Skura blows
Why the fuck is Skura throwing a shoulder into the back of Andrew's head? This man is a bigger liability than Lamar throwing the ball.
Patriots never had a chance. Let’s be real
"I’m all for complaining, but the “fire Roman” shit needs to stop. 

Let’s just say we could find a better coordinator right now. Do you guys have any idea how difficult it would be to install a new system midway through the season? Impossible. It would be impossible. 

This team has a ton of problems. The play calling is occasionally one of them. But it’s not why they’re struggling to win games every week."
That drive was on Lamar. He needs to lead this team.
"That second down play was heading for Hollywood. Not a great throw, but probably a completion if Snead doesn’t go up for it."
[removed]
kill these fucking idiot refs
can't even stop this bum burkhead
Queen exposed he’s a bust downvote me plz
Queen and skura in a photo finish for blame of the game winner
This clock management is awful
Now how will people be able to turn this on Lamar?
We really lost to the fuck Patriots? We fucking suck ass
That was such a blatant hold
This was like the definition of a trap game smh
"Ravens never deserved to win this game, but the officiating at the end absolutely guaranteed that any hope of a comeback would be squashed."
Welp we lost boys. I still love this team though. Let’s get better next week
#Embarrassing.
this team is a disgrace
"Season will be decided next week lol, with Titans & Steelers on a short week.

Even if we get to the playoffs, since it'll be via wild card route, IDK how far we can go with so many injuries :( So unlucky this year, effing 2020...."
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

If  Lamar and the  Raven's can't beat the  3-5 Patriots, one has to wonder how they're going to beat the Titans next week and the 9-0  Steelers 😬"
"lmao if anyone blames Lamar for this, you're insane"
"Queen is sorry as fuck out there tonight. Get your fucking head in the game, dude."
"This play calling is ass and Lamar's decision making is ass, Hollywood constantly takes awful angles on the ball. 

This offense is such a damn embarrassment."
Crawl so hard university
This team ain’t it.
"Walmart: ""we know how to keep costs down""

yea by using Chinese slave labor"
Of course the refs are doing their best to make sure the Patriots have any chance of winning. As is tradition
"Keep pretending like everything's fine, people"
Hollywood has been pretty bad this game
"Damn yall, can't believe we just lost the game. Some of yall whine and complain like a bunch of babies. Yeah it was a bad decision, move on. He's been near flawless otherwise today."
This fanbase is so divided in terms of attitude. sad
Here we go - another come from behind win incoming.
Get ready for 2 straight losses. Henry is gonna go for 300 next week.
The ravens spent all this money on defense but can't stop Cam.
"Andrews is making it a habit of disappearing or dropping passes in key games. We have a serious choking and pussy attitude problem.

I want some mean fucks who make big plays"
Throwaway season. We’ll be back next year.
This is the worst coached team in football
Realistically we should beat the breaks off the patriots . But as always we’re going to struggle
Lottery  420 we got this
I want to see a beat down tonight the likes of what we'd dish out last year. Fuck the Patriots
First regular season win in Foxborough tonight boyz lets make it happen.
*enthusiastic caws*
[ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING](https://twitter.com/SNFonNBC/status/1328143836196048896?s=19)
JO's voice gives me strength
I predict a dominating performance in which the Ravens win 27-14.
Let us progress in a forward motion.
Can you say 8 0 patriots sunday night again for the dumbass people who says Lamar cant win big games
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO
There will be some low passing yardage tonight
All white during a super rainy game? Nice lol
#and here...we....GO!!
Okay O-line 👀
Nice blocking
wish dobbins was starting
When’s the last time we wore all white? Feels like forever
Hollywood was open on that play!
Crazy seeing the stadium so empty.
Ravens legend John Simon?
LEGGOOOOO BIG TRUSSSS
Womp
"I always wonder what the deal with John Simon was. We gave up on him quickly, and he's had a pretty decent career since."
Ugghh.
Bruh
Hollywood is so small goddamn it
What was that hill?
Justice hill is dumb lol
ayyy I love Queen
can we pls start giving it to Duvernay more often
Justice Hill was held and couldn't even see the fair catch wave
Why does cam look high in that pic lol
The refs are awful. How could they call that fair catch interference? Game is rigged as usual /s
Clusterfuck
I mean just because you're blitzing doesn't mean you can't hit the ball carrier lol
Run defense?
No huddle? Interesting.
nice d boys......
Harrison knocked that blocker back 5 yards lmao
Malik blew that up
Run defense???
I have a feeling we will see a Peters pick tn.
Harrison blew that mofo up
damn trucked by cam
I wish Jaylon could set a fucking edge
Harrison isnt going to let the coaches put Fort back in
Hey run d you can wake up now
RAVENS DEFENSE ASSEMBLE
So we didn't see a QB draw coming there? Why tf was no one on the line
"Seems like the Pats coaching staff realize if they want to win games they need to rely on the run game, I wonder when ours will figure that out."
Nice to have Marlon back
Queen read that so well
That made up for being trucked lol
Only PFF could rank a top DROY candidate as one of the worst linebackers in the game. Absolute joke
How can anyone take PFF seriously when the number 1 defense only has one top 10 player?
Wow Judon sighting pleasant surprise
Dont cheer judon. You know who you are.
Judon showed up tonight.  Noice
102 of of 111 OMG
#WELP
JUDON DID SOMETHING
"At the end of the day, I don’t have to climb in bed with a woman from Boston, so tonight is a win win"
JUDON CHOP!
Matthew juDON
FUCK NOT PETERS
judon finally did something
Not marcud. PLEASE NOT MARCUS
Holy shit Judon actually finished a sack
peters noooooo
Body built by Taco Bell
How about we try running the ball this drive.
Not the Juiceman...
Judon sighting
Judon did something right.
It doesn’t look like a terrible injury
Can they wipe the camera lens?!
Can we get Dobbins involved please
FINALLY JK
Need a first down here.
holy shit was that a pistol formation
Everything just seems soooooo much more difficult this year. I will never understand it
"I do like jk as our main, but still like ingram always gets some little catches too. He's definitely a piece we can use they just need to change it up"
GUS THE BUS!
Atleast this game will be over quick. Both teams will just run run and run some more.
"When Edwards or Dobbins are in the running game, good things happen. They need to be the co-feature backs."
Oh look at us throwing and catching...
There we go Willie.
"serious question, are we having way more injuries than other teams? It seems like we're losing multiple players every game :("
Steve needs a hair stylist
LJ...Stunt on them Hoes!!!!
DUUUUUUUUUV
Duv needs more touches
Lmao Collinsworth loves his patriots on sunday night...  fuckin pussy
Great play call and pass to Duvernay
DUVVVVVVV
I like this
"Waaaay more misdirection so far this game, I love it"
DUVERNAY. NUFF SAID
DUUUUUV
Great use of a screen with Duvernay right there!
Man I get so nervous when LJ runs with the ball like that
more screens with our quick receivers please
[removed]
Dat boi fast
Duv has that track speed
STUNT ON THEM HOES LAMAR
GUS THE BUS!!!!
What kind of commercial was that 😶
Was that the Ultimate Warrior’s theme song? 😂
Give it to Dobbins damn
SNEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAADDDDDDD
TOUCHDOWN!!
SNEADDDDDDD TD😈😈😈
KEEP THIS PACE. We gotta get an early lead cuz we never catch up when we're down
Snead’s first TD on the year?
The sNeaD Sweep!
NEED IV SNEED!!!
"TOUCHDOWN SNEAD!!!! 

LEGOOOOO"
Willie Snead is Mr. Reliable 👍🏾
Sneady spin
"Thanks offense, very cool"
Interesting to run that with Snead instead of Brown or Duvernay
WOOO SNEEEAAAD
Wow finally something more creative!
Never in doubt for the XP
commentators have gotten self aware with the jinxing it’s over
"Watching that play, I can confidently say that I am physically capable of making NFL caliber touchdown passes"
Let’s get that 3 and out D!
Best drive since Cleveland game
That drive was phenomenal and played exactly into the strengths of this offense.
"&#x200B;

O.J. Simpson  😂😂"
"OJ who? Hello, twitter world, its yours truly..."
Blah...
Fuckin penalties
No Xbox for you EVER DeShon
Thats a flag
don't start this bs
"God dammit, let's not kill ourselves with dumb ass penalties again"
Oh come on
Bullshit ass call.
Oh were going to give them yards now with BS... OK
ptsd ptsd ptsd ptsd
I swear our defense has more yards on penalties than yards theyve actually given up in the season
so who's in on the cam Newton jerk off party?
Damn the defense is getting fucking worked tonight
The patriots offense is doing surprisingly well against our defense
How many off that penalty tho
Bruhhh cmon defense
That was a sucky sucky drive
"Real, real bad by the defense. Good lord n"
b will questionable to return fuck
So that's not a crack back block?
wait that's not Mayfield's body?
Yea they called a pick play but it wouldn’t have worked if Elliot hadn’t bit so hard on the inside run
They got to our 41 because of a bullshit call. That drive was killed right there for our D
>Ravens injury update: #98 DT Brandon Williams - ankle - questionable - @CSteele32
Brandon Williams questionable to return oh boy dont let me down run D
" ""DT Brandon Williams (ankle) is questionable to return."" ughhhh"
This offense needs to DICTATE and not take whats given
This extra qb movement in the pocket is a waste of time every fucking time. It never works.
Llama 🦙
Speed DEMON
"That play shows our receivers can’t get open, or the plays are so basic it’s so easy to read."
I want the broadcast would show what’s happening downfield on those scrambles
Lamar more like a flight stick.
FUCK PENALTIES
first doen lets go
BIG TRUSS
"Glad they awarded that first down, I would've been livid if they didn't."
What a catch jfc
Nice catch Mark
"Bad spot, but I’ll take it lmao"
Lmfao they pushed him to a first down
What the fuck is wrong with Skura
Less Ingram please
"Andrews is the most handsome of that trio, by far."
"G-Ro, I applaud your play calling tonight. Whatever you're doing it's working."
I think thats the first Lamar checkdown I've ever seen.
Gus Bus acting like Dobbins doesn’t exist 😂
"Giants/Rutgers fan here, Love me some Gus Bus lol"
Do the pats have no pass rush or is our line blocking REALLY well?
Hey they got one of those penalties too!
Who ever doesn’t think Mark Andrews isn’t a top 3 TE is a dumbass
I love Gus. Dude is a mauler.
Well at least the refs are consistent with lowering the helmet.
Okay refs all is forgiven...for now
That would be targeting in college
He got a big body call him big body
100% here for gus in the passing game
At least they're consistent but I disagree with both calls tbh.
Cam pull the mask up you dumb cunt
Good you wanna Ticky tack  elliot you ticky  tack the Pats.
When Ricard doesn't drop the ball he's a problem in the open field lol
DiAbEeTuS BiG TRusS
Alright. Fair enough refs
The play calls on offense looking very good rn
These streams are pissing me off
Rare Justice Hill sighting.
Snead looked wide open on that bad throw to andrews
That was a weak holding call
We have lamar and we cant score in the end zone because of these playcalls
Good drive even though the last few plays sucked
We really missed Ronnie Stanley out there that drive
Goddammit that’s frustrating. That’s the kind of thing that would NEVER happen last year.
Chad masters in shambles lmao
Uh that's some fucking bullshit.
Typical shitty New England weather rolling in
So we’re just not going to learn what worked last week against a weaker defense this week? Are we saving our fast tempo offense for the 2nd half? We absolutely cannot afford to lose this game against a bad patriots team
Need a three and out
Oh no not Williams
Nobody can make a tackle
Piss poor defense.
Absolutely zero pressure on Cam fucking hell
So defense just can’t finish today?
Real 2015 defense vibes rn
Need to make that stop. That's twice we've missed plays for losses.
How do we not get him when he has no blockers and is 6 yds behind the line of scrimmage?
Jesus christ make a fucking tackle
You have to make the tackle. Fucking hell. That was so so bad.
Dudeeee we so many people but not one of them made a tackle
This defense is soft as hell
Lol Harrison if you're going chip him back there then blow his ass up
We cannot defend a fucking screen to save our lives
Our defense simply doesn’t want to play tonight wtf
Defense cannot get off the field. Missing tackles in third down left and right.
No BWill and no Calais and we’re getting gashed
Defense needs to shape up or we’re going to throw this game away
"Who the he is 71? He big AF, but he's not moving much"
COME ON. PLEASE PLAY TONIGHT D
Ooff getting run the fuck down
"Cant win a game when you give up 5 ypc, wtf is going on"
CM9N BALTIMORE
Wtf when did Calais go IR? I thought his calf thing was minor
This DL of ours is such poop. I want good OLBs again.
Time to dial up a blitz
Without bwill and Campbell we cant stop the run man
"The hoodie is a genius for finding out weakness guys, no one would've figured we are going to get pushed around up front when half our defensive front is injured."
Humphrey has been quiet tonight.
I'm so grateful to the pace of this game. The first half took like one hour. 😂
Who else was called the human joy stick?
Run defense falling apart
Paul Giamatti looks different when he’s not all blue
Cam Newton has the easiest job in the NFL rn hands down
We are making this offense look like a Paul Giamatti TV show when they are really a Paul Giamatti commercial.
have mercy on us Henry
"I get were missing some key players, but the forced turnovers really paper over a lot of holes on this D."
"How long is Calais out? Dude just tweaked his calf, he didn't sprain his knee or something like that."
Campbell and Williams r clearly massive losses and NE’s run block is very good
this defense feels like death by papercuts rn
Run D again the biggest weakness. When can we pleeeeease have superstar OLBs again
"I've been muting commercials during football games for years now. One of the most effective life changes, lol."
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT SHIT??!!
What the fuck
Pathetic
BOOOOOOOOOOOO
Pretty sad defensive effort.
embarrassing
Are you fucking kidding me.
We drafted him for coverage lmao
Bull...
Fuck me.
fuck
I know I'm not watching what I'm watching 😐
Did that xp just get tipped?
Fuck the pats
That was just frustrating.
BIG MISS RIGHT THERE
Pick Cameron off
Let's see what Lamar can do with 62 seconds
legit garbage defense
"Seriously though, why bother with a mask if you’re just going to use it as a lower lip cover?"
[deleted]
At least Hollywood didn't drop that.
They are just abusing our Tackles at the moment.
Let Lamar fling this bitch please.
This is a 24-20 type game. Suck it up
Does anyone track commercial time per game? This is fucking absurd.
Lamar is playing great tho man. Pls defense let’s do something
I think duv loves the commercials too
Have we completed a pass in the air for over 20 yards? I mean not including RAC?
If JT makes this I’m crying
Welp
What the fuck yo...
God fucking dammit
Motherfucker.
"Bad throw , just take a the field goal"
Lol Lamar making shit throws and costing points
#fuck
Fuck me lol
God fuckin damn it Lamar
Lmfao take the 3 points wtf
That's was a forced pass
Bro wtfffff
Cut Fluker man he is a teddy bear on the line
Hollywood’s time to shine. If there’s one thing he can do it’s get out of bounds.
Belee dat
Fucking fuck fuck fuck fuck
Good job 15
"Fuck it, let's just build our offense/defense.around setting up tucker for fgs. I want to see an offense like this before I die"
cmon man
Well....
How to take points off the board in one easy step! What a huge disappointment this team has been tonight
There was no need to do that
"Ok, Marquise is souring on me a little, his inside position skills are bad. Still a fan, but we're trending downwards."
"What is that? Why are we throwing there? We had 3 points in the bag. I hate that play call, I hate Hollywood not making a play on the ball."
ughhhhhhhhhhhhh
Can we make 2 game threads starting next week? I want the old things back haha
Dude just tried to force it to Hollywood so he wouldn't bitch on twitter after the game.
Stop asking why he threw that because hollywood probably has been crying all week
"What the fuck was that playcall. Jesus Christ, Roman, just take the check down for a first down and bring out Tucker"
My local NBC feed cut out right before that pick. It's like it was trying to save me from throwing the remote through the TV
When will this team shelf out money for receivers?
"I don’t know why people are surprised, we have a “No.1” receiver that should be in the slot."
"J.C. Jackson is good and all, but we drafted Hollywood for speed right? Terrible throw by Lamar, but have we ever really seen Hollywood's speed be properly utilized this season. It feels like he hasn't had any legitimately explosive plays since week 1, unless I'm forgetting something."
Hollywood is not Hopkins
"Seriously, at this point I can only imagine giving LJ a receiver like DHop, he would have won that catch"
Harbs gonna be on Twitter patrol tonight.
the throw wasn’t bad but throwing a jump ball to there best corner active rn to Hollywood isn’t good at all
"I'm not surprised at all that this game is close, but I'm baffled by this defensive performance and that last pick...."
Anybody know why Dez isn’t active tonight?
we need a wr bad
"We were fucking spoiled last season and it shows in this thread.

Have you guys watched ravens games from 2015-2017?"
[deleted]
Need some whitepills. Lots of pessimism.
What did Hollywood tweet that everyone is referencing
Lol first play out of the half 13 yard run
Elliott is struggling tonight
Can't stop a run...
The defense isn't even at the stadium lmao
defense is fucked
What is our defense doing
This is a joke right?
Right on schedule
"I assume that the ravens will want to start getting things going on the ground. The weather seems to be getting worse and our defense looks compromised (No bwill or calais). 

Pats OL is starting to control the game."
WHAT THE FUCKKKK
Defense is blame of the game
what the hell is peters doing
I’m fucking about to turn this off
Holy fuck they are melting down
We are in deep shit up the middle
Not having a nose tackle is going to kill us here.
#Defense_get_a_fucking_stop_challenge
Pats OL is dominating in the run game rn.
Give me a break
"eVeRyThInG's FiNe, RiGhT?!?!?!"
"That flag is nonsense, and I approve the imprisonment of the ref."
Peters is either really good or awful.
Awful start *again.*
Humford makes the tackle
Pain.
Man we are getting shredded. What a joke
#WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT
Absolute butt blasting.
Someone fucking do something Jesus fuck we’re literally playing worse than the jets
Good job Marcus you fucking dumbass
"Ok, Defense is going to lose the game for the ravens this time."
I hope brandon will be good to go nxt wk.
This ain’t cool wtf
Appalling
LATE HIT OUT OF BOUNDS MORE FREE YARDAGE FOR THE PATS TO GIVE EM A TD! LOVE IT
What the fuck is this season
Glad the defense decided to show up
Made it look easy. We’re fucked tonight.
Embarrassing
We just got Bilichecked
Such bs
"......we going to show up now and answer?

Maybe"
We need a TD boys! Let’s go!
Not good. Big baby out officially now. What’s the record when he’s gone? Ellis and madubuike gona have to hold it down....
Carry us Lamar
Might be one of those seasons...like the eagles or San Fran where half the team starts dropping like flies and there’s nothing you can do
Jesus 6.2 ypc that's unexcusable
>Brandon Williams has been ruled out for the rest of the night. Injuries have decimated this unit. - @ryanmink
At this rate we might have to put ricard back at DT
It’s amazing to me that this is EXACTLY how our season ended last year.
Fort is out??? Where have I been?
Incoming panic forcing lamar to throw for the rest of the game
"I forgot who it was, but who suggested that LJ Fort should sit this out? I just want to talk."
Liam Neeson: Release the Dobbins.
LBs not filling the gaps.
Guess everyone who has been clamoring for Powers is gonna get a look now
If we score might as well just on side kick. Sorry defense.
How long is Calais out?
Why did we start 7 yards in the backfield on that run greg roman has actual brain damage
"It's all g if we have ingram in for passes and shit, but plz use gus and dob more"
"Even if we score here, I have so little hope of stopping their run..."
Literally need to fire strength and conditioning staff. Everyone is dying
Run wildcat with Ricard you COWARDS
How come we don’t take shots down the middle with Andres anymore?
FUCK I hate that call. At least build in SOME misdirection.
"This feels like our last two playoff games, we get blown out until the last 5 minutes and THEN we start playing football"
Gotta go for it or this game will get away from us. Going to hate the call aren’t we?
Fucking HELL.
Lmao
Why the fuck are you trying to get fancy
Every crucial 3rd and short it’s always gonna be a qb run and the other team knows that
Kill me now 🤦‍♂️
Time to turn this off
Fuck off GRo
LOL
Awesome
Hahahaha. Fuck this. I'm going to bed.
Christ
Jesus
Gg
Bruh...
Lol what a fucking joke
Of course
Oh my god
Goodnight
Holy fuck that was a trash call
I have depression
Why are we trying that cute shit in our own half down 10?
WTF WAS THAT
We going to go for it and take the ball out of our playmakers hands. Sounds like a great idea.
lmao bruh
What in the fucking fuck was that.
Greg.....
G-ro plz
Lmaoooo
Pain.
Omg
"LMFAO, Jesus someone kill me!!"
That was embarrassing
"What a stupid fucking play call. Seriously, wildcat on 4th fucking down. Fuck you Greg Roman"
"Weird, you completely ignore an offense in your in/off-season acquisitions and it sucks as a result. Couldn't have called that one..."
I waited all week for this bullshit?
Goodnight y’all I hope the boys pull it together
Playing like bitches
HOW did our 3rd down efficiency regress so bad??
Fuck this.
Jesus fuck I feel like I'm being castrated
"I don't like Roman either, but he didn't fuck that snap up. Lol"
Who has any hope that we stop them from scoring here?
Well sounds like I picked a bad time to tune in.
"I don't understand how this team is always completely different in every half. Last week 1st half, trash, 2nd half amazing. This week it's the opposite. No consistency is going to kill this team,"
Roman called a masterful 2nd drive. He has been bleh since
Ada boy Skura. We aren't even losing this game because NE is better its because the same stupid little bullshit mistakes is still haunting this offense
That was fucking stupid
One f’ing yard and you snap it to a RB who hasn’t played in almost a month six yards behind the line of scrimmage. Roman had been calling a great game to that point and he can’t help but try to outsmart the pats.
Guys what if the ball was supposed to go to Lamar and the snap was just that bad?
I’m going long on $ROPE at market open
Why take the best player on the field out on 4th and 1
Good teams don't run trick plays half way through the 3rd quarter down 10 on 4th and 1 in their own territory.
"When this team fucking sucks, boy does it fucking suck."
"3 drives with Ingram as the feature back - punt, int, turnover from him fumbling

2 drives with Gus/JK as feature backs - TD, FG

I love Ingram as a person but he has dragged this team down this year. He is horrendous."
LET LAMAR FUCKING COOK FUCKING FIRE GREG ROMAN NOW
Ravens looked like shit for the last several weeks even during the wins. Somethings up with the team as a whole and it’s not just the coaches.
We need to clean house on 80% of our coaching staff.
"Ingram coming back hasnt exactly been all that beneficial to the offense, that wasn't his fault - just a note."
Fuck you Greg Roman!
Fuck roman. Harbaugh enough defending this moron. Step the fuck up or shut that shit down. This is straight bullshit now.
I've like never even heard of Damien Harris and he's like fucking Barry Sanders out there
Fuck Greg Roman but also remember to stay positive everyone!
Hey they only got 3 yds. It’s a miracle
This is gonna be a blowout
Jesus Christ!! Is Cam Cameron our offensive coordinator again or something?!!!!!!!!!
Watching that blown wildcat play was the most painful moment of this season
Queen sucks
 I don’t understand that playcall. We only need inches to get the first.
Oh of course
Lol what a fucking joke
Judon continues his 15 yard penalty a game average
Judon is so fucking useless
"FUCK
 
MATTHEW

JUDON"
Look on the bright side guys. There are 3 wild card teams now
This guy Judon is good for one dumbass penalty a game I swear lol
About to be down 17
"&#x200B;

Welp, Lamar  is 1-6 when trailing at halftime.

&#x200B;

Maybe he can pull a rabbit out of his hat and  win this game"
What the fuck Judon? I can't wait till you leave.
NICE HIT JUDON
"How many starters are we missing on d right now? 
Jimmy Smith 
B. Williams 
Campbell 
Fort 
Tavon 

Who am I forgetting?"
Judon has to be leading the league in defensive penalties right?
[deleted]
Judon is our best pass rusher lmaoo thats how you know its all pain
So glad we didn’t extend Judon.
"I think we have to start seriously questioning our coaching. Roman's calls are insane, nothing seems to change each week. We are also incredibly undisciplined. At some point it's not just the refs screwing us"
I can’t wait for Derrick Henry next week!
A 6-2 team will never get rid of their offensive coordinator unfortunately
Watching the Ravens this year is like watching a vid with the sound a second or two behind the picture. Nothing in sync and it's so frustrating!
Oh thank god. We held them to 3 or 0 if they miss
Humphrey hurt...
How is it possible to feel like this in a 2 possesion game
Still a 2 score game. If Roman gets his head out of his ass we can come back
"On the positive side still a 2 score game, how we are gonna get back into this game however I have no idea"
Defense must’ve been out drinking last night
"If it wasn’t raining I have no doubt that’s a td.

This team needs a td score and a stop right now or this game is good as done. Momentum is everything and that goal line stand hopefully broight a little back to us."
"I'm sure our offense will score convincingly on the next drive lol, fuck you Roman just let Harbs call the plays"
Cam fucked that throw. It was another wide open Pat and they should had 7 instead of 3.
fuck it. let’s go out and win a game. 2 possessions.
Can they just forfeit and live to fight another day. Injuries piling up.
marlon hurt apparently too
pretty sure this game thread might be the worst one for a while
That rain about to lock down this game
If Lamar brings this shit back I’ll get to be really impressed.
Marlon was holding his bicep. Expecting some terrible injury with how this year is starting to look.
OMFG fuck this game man
FUCK THIS YEAR
HOLY FUCK
WTF
Fuck this game
Fucking another injury
NOT BOYLE
Fucking great. Another injury
Another injury? Isn't that just fucking great.
Boyle just broke his leg
And Boyle just broke his damn leg. Sob man.
#ANOTHER INJURY??? HOW??????
that looked really bad live
"Another Injury, why the fuck not!?"
Oh no
What the fuck else could go wrong?
And his knee and/or leg is gone
This is getting to be really really difficult to watch
Fuck that looked bad
BRO ARE YOU SERIOUS
nick boyle just broke his leg
Fk. We won't have a team left
Boyle out. Fuck
Concede the rest of this game
Noooooo fuck
OMFG
Fuck
fuck this stupid game man i hate this shit how many more gonna get hurt 😢😢
Fml
FUUUUUUUUCK EVERYTHING
Jesus man. These injuries are hunting the team this year! Prayers up for Boyle!
One of the worst injuries i’ve ever seen
I don’t think I’ve seen this many injuries since the 2015 season
The seasons over. Too many injuries
This game is 2020 summed up
Can we just end the season☹
wow how many injuries is that this game?? looking more and more like it just isn't our year. hopefully boyle is alright
I'm starting to get worried that after all these injuries our Super bowl hopes are dead
Wish me had a Hayden Hurst
I finally feel the Chargers pain
Ravens are intensifying my Sunday scaries x1000
We better sign like Wilson. And call up dez for the rest of the year
Way too many injuries. Scary season
"Injury, trash defense and terrible calls on offense. This game ain’t even worth watching."
Well this is putting a big old fuck off damper on my Sunday night
so is pat ricard our new TE2?
Duvernay being great is one of the few positives from this season.
"Literally the only good thing about this game is that Duvernay has finally taken Boykins job, for now."
Duvernay is a baller
Dirty fucking hit if that’s not good against a QB it shouldn’t be for anyone else
At the very least an ACL tare. That looked painful
"It's only getting worse for  the Ravens ...Nick Boyle carted off

&#x200B;

Only other active Tight End is Andrews"
DO IT FOR BOYLE MARK
"We're down and they run that play? Jesus, move down the field"
"Let me guess, penalty on us...

Pathetic discipline"
Maybe we should have invested more in TEs.
WHAT THE FUCK
I think we need to forfeit. I can't see another injury.
ANOTHER ILLEGAL FORMATION
We get called for one of those atleast once a game
Holy shit we are just determined to fuck this whole thing up
God how the fuck do you let that happen multiple times a year??? Illegal formation is such a clown ass penalty
Harbaugh has to be held accountable. How the fuck do they keep doing this?
To be fair all of our line of scrimmage players are hurt
DEVIN DUVERNAY IS OUR LORD AND SAVIOR
And there’s the weekly illegal formation penalty. Fuck this team so hard.
How do we have so many illegal formations every fucking week
We can’t make a pass downfield without a flag
This game is garbage but this officiating is somehow worse.
Can’t go a game without illegal formation. Does harbaugh even know the rules lol
Yep let's just wait for the impending epic downpour to start our comeback.
Illegal formation call ✅
Lol gloves don't make a difference when the ball goes right through your arms
WHAT????
Put me on suicide watch
4th down again
Fuck you Pats in no way is that an INT
"HE'S DOWN.

CHILL"
HE WAS DOWN FOR SURE
The Pats practice in the rain?! gotta be the only team in the league to do that /s
"Damn, this game thread is slow as *fuck* tonight at updating."
That's what we should have done on the last 4th down play...
I can accept holds and pi’s and shit but these illegal formations the last few weeks are unacceptable
GUS BUS
"Fuck it, I’m getting a Gus jersey. Dude is the only one who consistently kills it"
🚌
God bless the Gus bus.
Gus always finds a hole. He needs to get every 4th and short handoff
"Fuck you refs, he had the first but Gus got much more anyway"
Skura is so garbage omfg
Gus is the man
This is just the perfect storm game for us to take an ass whipping sadly.
He needs benched
Jeez Sakura what’s going on?
We still got time. We just need a touchdown and a stop and it's a new ball game.
Feed Gus. Why does Roman hate the Gus bus?
Is Crockett Gilmore still availability?
"This is why we needed to score early.

This weather is gonna be shit for throwing so all pats will need to do is clamp on the run. This is gonna get ugly if we don’t get a td right now."
Just fucking use Gus
"I mean what’s the bigger liability at o-line, Skura snapping or Fluker at RT? Because we have to pick one"
"If Lamar can come back, he can shut up the haters"
This rain is insane
I'll take 50 year old Matt Birk over another Skura snap
Get skura off center
Where is JK? This offense looks so much better with him in the backfield
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
Tf is Skura doing
"&#x200B;

Touchdown Ravens!!!  🏈🏈

&#x200B;

Willie Snead      comes through"
Beautiful
#NEED IV SNEAD PART DEUX
LETS GO
WILLIEEEEEE
Does Skura have the yips or something wtf
There we go baby
LET'S GOO SNEAD!!!!
Fuck yeah. Impressive drive with all that rain.
sneaded that
SNEAD #1 RECIEVER
LETS GO LAMAR fuck yes
"How in the fuck are we doing this, despite it all!? Wow man, this team transformed before our eyes. I hope I'm not being premature."
We need to resign willie Snead. He’s our only reliable target rn.
Goddamn it would have been so much easier to turn this game off if they just didn’t score.
"Nice TD, but we’re going to need to be able to put together quicker drives. And the defense needs to stop the fucking run."
Come on defense!
LAMAR!!!!
Woah it's not all doom and gloom?
WADAUP PEOPLE. WHAT THE FUCK IS UP HUH!
🐐
What a great throw!
We still in this!
Fuck yeah. Offense is clicking relatively well.
[removed]
Can we go no huddle more often??
I hope those who went to bed early are having a good night sleep
"I'm telling you, this is legit all Lamar and Gus this game, everyone else is fucking up"
Nice pass protection there. More of that please.
WR1
"Beautiful, fucking beautiful drive. Lamar is capable of the highest level of quarterbacking in the league but he has tot trim more of the fat out of his game. Beautiful."
Lamar hasn't been as inaccurate today.
Only down 1 score.... Lets  Go!!!
Only chance we have is if the Defense gets pissed! Cmon guys
DOGS IN THE HOUSE BRUH
I had visions of MP knocking that ball out and running it back when I saw him in the backfield immediately. If only.
COME ON LET’S GO BOYS
ESPN commercial on NBC SNF? Huh.
Get this 3 and out can’t waste this chance
"I just want a little bit of hope defense, pls."
"For all things considering, Lamar is having a good game"
Rare Judon appearance
OMG a 3rd & Long? Watch a bullshit Illegal contact
Penalty time on 3rd and long watch
Get this STOP!
please god get us a stop here
Has the defense woken the fuck up?
LETS GO
OK DEFENSE!
LETS GO DEFENSE
Pls
Big fucking stop
YESSIR CHUCK
They are playing pissed off now. Let's get it!!
"Yes, a 3-and-out stop by the defense!"
Ummm did they just skip two plays for commercials??!
"Make them beat us with Cam passing, he's trash"
FUCK YES
Give us that ball back. Let's get the lead back
COME ON GUYS LETS DO THIS
looking a lot better
"Danke dafür, Defense!"
2nd half team!!
Let’s go O! Keep it going!
"Punt return team: ""finally some action"""
I guess the nbc app is delayed from the cable feed and I was very relieved to get here and see people say HUGE STOP. Great stop. Maybe they’ve found a way to slow it down by crashing that left side?
Why is there no NFL logo on Proche’s jersey?
time for a soul crushing min drive eh
This bitch is ours so let’s get it
I didn't know that the other team could punt the football. I thought it was a myth.
How will they break our hearts this time? lol for real though
"If Lamar hits a homerun ball I’ll run into the rain and scream like a maniac.

Haven’t seen him do it in a long time."
Why is Ingram getting touches!!
Lamar needs to come out here and will this team. It's time to step up and become a verbal leader of this team. Own it! Be that leader this team needs. Truss
"Gus and JK averaging good YPC.

Nahhhh ingram"
"Either Gus or Lamar, no fucking Ingram fuck"
RUN MF
Lamar getting his receivers killed
Are you fucking shitting me
Run the ball lamar!!!
He shoulda run there.
Stupid fucking drive lol
Punt it
I've coached girls lacrosse and field hockey on those turf fields in the rain.  Slipping is going to be a big factor.
The fact that Gus only had 1 more carry than Ingram is a firable offense.
WHY THROW IT SO FUCKING SHORT
Lamar is trying to get the rest of his targets murdered on live TV.
D comes up huge and then we respond with this shit???
Hollywood is NONEXISTENT
3rd and long and you throw to a receiver 2 yards out.
Where the hell is a WR besides Snead?
"Fucking go for it, i don't give a fuck"
Willie too old for that shit
Don't do your defense like that. Come on
I would've lost my shit if Harbaugh chose to go for it
Safety inc
Safety incoming
"Ok, atleast good field position, Safety Please"
So they’ll be around the 4 yard line. I seriously doubt they get a whole lot of yards on this drive. Hopefully we stop them quick and get good field position.
That was a solid tackle. Let’s sign that dude.
"If you are curved, find out more"
3 and Out please
LET'S GO D
Pick 6 territory
Queen MIA
Soft defense.
 LETS GOOOO!!! Hell of a stop! Get this score Lamar!
STUFFED!!!
Huge stop. Huge.
Judon got grabbed around the neck on that play
Not a good spot
"If they gave it to him, challenge."
Lol 4th and 1inch that's bs
SPOT??????
What the fuck why do we keep getting fucking robbed in these games?
"Queen is young and learning, we need to give him time to develop. It’s on Harbaugh not having experience at the LB position tbh"
Lets get a fumble
Bullshit
100% bullshit spot
😐
Mcphee can’t let cam get outside there
Get a turnover
Pass defense is just letting guys run free
I’m sorry but that’s dumb as shit
"Thank God the defense is back to normal, I almost scheduled a check up after they actually got a stop last drive. It sucks to see them suck but at least now I know I'm not having a stroke !!"
I know they’re not going to let these dudes drive down the field from their endzone. Wake the fuck up defense
Challenge it
STOP THEM HERE BOYS!!!!!
No dumb penalties guys
here we go here's the play
Lamar study film
PLEASE FORCE A FUMBLE
"Huge fucking Play, please defense please"
This is huge.
There ya go D!!
Cmon Lamar this is your last chance
Hey let’s go!!
Now that was a dope play
My fucking heart can't take this shit man
"Long drive with a TD, then a big stop, would be nice"
Lamar. If you have the space to run. Then run.
They only got 1 timeout run the ball down their throat kill the clock score with under 2 min left
Don’t fuck this up Roman
FEEEED GUUUSSSSS
Jesus fucking christ
How does a lineman’s helmet come off? Explain refs
That drop? Are you serious
Come on mark
Cmon mandrews
Andrews what the fuck
Man up God damn dude
Swear to God I'm gonna have a brain aneurysm from these play calls
Classic Mark
The movesssss
What a roller coaster
Wtf that was so fucking weird
god dang right at the numbers. but also omg lamar hy shit
I love Lamar
Ball is wet AF. Sigh
Are you fucking kidding me man
Cut skura please
SKURA SUCKS SO MUCH
Throw the flag you stupid fuckers
That was a huge drop my Andrews
Nice route Brown you lazy pile of shit
loose ball my ass
SNAP THE BALL MATT
jesus christ lol
I miss 2019 Matt Skura.
Skura is so fucking terrible holy shit
Miracle man Lamar. Shades of 2019
Skura wtf bro this is an all time bad game
Brady’s would’ve got that
"Dude, Skura needs to switch with Mekari"
CUT SKURA
Holy fuck Skura
That was totally a late hit.
another snap
HOW IS THAT NOT A LATE HIT!!! FUCK THESE REFS
FUCK YOU SKURA YOU BITCH
There's the Lamar stare down again and an almost pick.
McCourty misses an easy pick and Colinsworth talks about how good he is
Don't know what more you can ask of a QB in this weather. How is Skura still snapping
#At least we still have 3 tos
Even if we win can we get a blame of the week for skura?
Skura needs to be fucking cut
"""lol maybe I'll slide the ball to lamar this time. thats a good trick"""
Skura walks home.
Kids! Come quick! That guy from the tug and rub is on Zoom and wants to talk to us about mommy/daddy! The fuck?
Skura needs to get his shit together or sit on the bench. He is hurting the team
Plenty of time boys. One more stop
Need a turnover here!!
Some of those play calls were Cam Cameron-esq
Sign Mike Flynn
That's game
Can we already call Skura the blame of the game?
Pick on queen when in doubt
Patrick Queen is just awful in coverage tonight.
bro what is queen doing
Were done
That’s game. Good night y’all.
"Imma have to look at the data, but I suspect the ravens record when they don’t force a turnover is abysmal the last five years."
A fumble would he massive
Terrible by Queen. He was guarding grass
I am sad.
Did jacoby Meyers play qb?
Always the scrappy asshole looking white guys that own us on the pats lol
Queen just freezes in pass coverage
That was a horribly obvious holding on peters
LOL brutal
Season is cooked
Lamar is playing WR on each snap but everyone is crying about the one throw that didn’t even get picked off lol
Queen was responsible for two dudes there. It was a well designed play.
Good job refs.
make the fucking tackle
Sad noises intensify. 2020 :( the year of pain
Chuck :( Come on G
Fuck this.
Discipline discipline discipline.
Embarrassing night by the defense
Here we go defense. Now's the time.
"The difference between a good and great team is one side of the ball being able to pick up slack for the other, and the offense couldn't overcome the defense's mistakes tonight"
Defense just give Lamar and co a chance plz that’s all I ask
It’s not over. Stop here is plenty of time.
"This game is an aberration -- don't fret it TOO much. 

I don't think you can assume we're not going to be able to snap the ball and its not going to be a typhoon in January. 

And this is the PATRIOTS. They may have gotten off to a slow start this season but they didn't have full camp with their new QB. They are better than the record IMO."
This is not the way
"Lotta people worried about the next two weeks. Tennessee? Ok sure with our injuries it’s a matchup problem, but it’s not like the Titans have looked good lately. And Pittsburgh is probably has a bigger gap between record and talent than any team in recent memory. 

Ravens won’t be favored in each, but they’re winnable."
A turnover here would be a miracle
If this isn't evidence that all it takes to beat this team is a run game and a halfway decent defense idk what is. How many plays did the guys give away tonight again? Skura alone gave up at least 5 plays tonight
I’m not even worried about the L any more I just want blood for how they targeted my man Boyle.
PLEASE JESUS. GIVE US A BREAK FOR ONCE
"Fire Greg Roman

I've seen too many throws on 1st and 10 in this fucking weather, while you've got Dobbins and Gus. Fuck this."
Lol
"Christ refs, let us play. It’s fucking pouring"
PLEASE NO FUCKING HOLDING SMH
And holding
They call holding on us
Bone-headedness almost certainly incoming.
Fucking hell
Fumble on a snap incoming
This weather is a fucking joke
Didnt even try to hide the holding.
REALLLLLLLYYY!!!!!! OMG EVERY TIME WE GET SOME GAIN SOME PENALTY COMES OVER AND FUCKS US
"down at half,  fire the streak back up baby"
This is hilariously painful. Final drive. Worst weather
It’s done
"lol, 3 fucking yards, you have to move down the fucking field jesus"
"I think what this season has shown us is how important having a regular training camp is for our players. Not only with the penalties, but just player development, and players (rookies) understanding the complexities of our offense and defense. I'm not saying our season is over, but man if we had a regular training camp this team would be playing so much better."
Throws it to fuckin Snead on the outside with the 160 lb wide receiver as the blocker. Gtfo Roman
Anyone notice the rain picked up right when we got the ball?
Lamar will catch heat but he literally has no chance
gotta throw 3 yard passes.....good thinking
"We’d need a miracle to win here. But if we did win, it’d be legendary."
And...lightning delay.
What are these fucking play calls lmfao eat shit Greg Roman you piece of trash
Why the fuck is Hollywood the lead blocker on a route designed for YAC?
Welp
Hahaha oh my god what a fucking embarrassment
What the fuck was that?
Yup of course that's how we end it
God damn
Lost to the fucking Patriots
Yeah this fucking rain is not going to allow anything to happen
Fuck this
...what’s a crappy night to be in New England
I don't see how they win against the Titans and Steelers with all these injuries.
Laughably bad performance. Wow.
Erase it from memory. Move on quickly is the best treatment as a fan
Fuck that keep'em out there and practice snapping those wet balls!
I don’t care how bad the patriots record is you can’t make that many awful play calling mistakes and general play mistakes against Bellicheck and win
"Run defense
Matt Skura"
This team ain’t winning no damn super bowl man. We don’t have that juice anymore. Last year was our year man. I’m just hoping for a playoff win. There only chance is to get hot late in the season
Hollywood is officially having the Antonio Brown effect on this team.. fucking wonderful
Fuck this team
"Even as a Steelers Fan, I wanted you guys to win vs the PATS.. No matter if Brady isn't there anymore. Sad to see you guys take a L vs the Pats, but I know in two weeks it's gonna be a brawl like the first game.

So have a nice day"
"13-10 and people bitching like the game is over. This is a football game, an entertaining and close one. Criticism is one thing. Being whiny bitches and shit talking the team is just a shitty way to be a fan. Go find other teams bandwagoners. You're not worth it."
"Wow, top defense my ass"
Hey guys just a friendly reminder that we’re only down by 3
"Hollywood is the definition of undersized. You can have as much talent as you want but one thing is for certain. He looks like a little boy playing a grown man's game. Not sure what they are feeding (or aren't feeding) him, but he needs a serious diet and lifting shift."
Worst 6-2 team ever.
"Got downvoted to shit after saying ""this team will not win a playoff game this year"" during the Steelers shit show, shall we try again 2 weeks later?"
"Y’all need to chill. You’re down by 3, not completely blown out. You’ll come back.

- Giants fan"
"75 yards, OK.

They got 15 after a bullshit call on Hill and another 15 for bullshit on Elliott."
I came on here to see the overreactions. I am satisfied
Bed time fuck this
6-3 here we come. This team is going nowhere
😂😂😂 this sub is worse than the game honestly.
Cmon Lamar it’s time to fucking clutch this game LETS GOOOOOOO!!!
"Look the conditions are atrocious, so some sympathy for Skura. Having said that, you cant make that damn mistake..."
That timeout on 3rd down looking even dumber now
We just gave up
checkdown joe is back
We look like retards. How can we not stop this team
Looked like a pretty slow and lazy route from hollywood there imo
Hollywood couldn’t accelerate past old ass McCourty? Cmon my soulja lol
No one gets open on our team
Please fuck off with the refball
Bill still has the refs in his pocket. Just have to get used to it I guess
They're picking on Elliot
Was that kid amazed by a fingerprint reader in 2020????
Second fucking penalty on him
"When Lamar doesn’t produce= It’s all on Roman 

When Hollywood doesn’t produce= he fucking sucks get him out of here"
Cams passing sucks. The weather is terrible. Put more on the line. !!
This defense hasn’t been able to stop dedicated running teams for years. They have a good secondary that feasts on teams having to play from behind. But now that the offense is worse the run D gets exposed.
"Wrap Williams ankle in duck tape, give him a cortisone shot and put him back in there."
They definitely got that with forward progress.
Queens been pretty invisible
Cam can't throw one guess they decided to let Myers throw one
LMFAO. They always do this to the ravens. Every fucking time
Worst drive by the defense all year?
What is Tony Jefferson up to these days?
Fuck it. I want points. Right now
"The patriots are a good, physical team. With a number of key players out, they are exploiting that. Shit happens, flock! We’re still in this one. Expect a lot of ball control from them the second half"
Wtf is going on in this thread? We were having a good time. Then we get just 3 points behind and all of the sudden the season is over?
God fucking damnit lamar
Hollywood is fast with no route running
"That throw was so fucking terrible and unnecessary. He's once trying to do way too much, and it's costing us."
If Lamar tries to continue to feed Browns little 5'9 ass the ball when he is either covered tight or had two defenders on him then he needs to be benched. He tried that play earlier in the game and he was lucky it wasn't picked. So of course when you try it the second time its gonna get picked.
"We were only up by 4 at the half last year, and we were down in the 2012 div game at the half too. Like those games I have no doubt we taking this bitch"
"In the last 1 game, we are 1-0 when trailing by three at the half"
"They’re going to run, run, run, run, run this half"
"Yeah this ones pretty much over, their run offense is just going to continue wearing down our run D. Its not like we are going to suddenly start stuffing the run game."
National meltdown as per usual lol
"I just recently moved to the UK I don’t think I’m gonna make it because of the jet lag, we got this boys stay strong I’ll see you tomorrow"
Ffs I might go to bed early
"We need to fire Roman, our offense is better than this and he is hindering it."
"2nd and 4 and we call a run play that has Dobbins start from 4 yards behind the LOS LOLLL, Greg you dumb fuck."
We getting embarrassed in prinetime again.
Yeah I’m not staying up to watch these frauds
fucking skura
If Harbaugh isn't standing there staring up at Greg Roman with fucking death in his eyes he deserves to be fired along side Greg's fat ass...
Greg Roman needs to be dropped out of a helicopter into an active volcano
"Greg Roman, taking the ball out of your playmakers hands. Delicious."
Ok let’s take the dumb snap out of it. Why are you taking a fucking shotgun snap when you need a yard in your own territory on 4th. I’m an optimist but that was overthinking it so much the play call came all the way around and slapped Roman in the back of the fucking head.
I’m actually humiliated right now
the way collinsworth pronounces judon pisses me off
How is that a foul?
What happened to Calais Campbell? :(
Tbh I’m just always ready to blame Judon. Maybe he was fine. Always mixed up in some shit tho
"Big Rape is undefeated and we’re tied with Baker FUCKING Mayfield. 

Wtf is this season"
Still a two possession game. Offense has got to come  alive right here
"I just want to punch a TV right now, but I don't want to punch my TV. I'm going to turn this shit off and go find a TV to punch."
"I love the Ravens, but they'll be lucky to make the playoffs."
You know what it’s karma. Last season we had no injuries except for Skura. We’re getting our penance.
"Hard to believe that in 2020, joe flacco is doing more damage against the pats than Lamar."
"It feels like Greg is up in the booth ""working from home"" watching YouTube and just doing his job every 10-15 minutes to be sure he doesn't get an Away status on Skype/Teams."
Yannick has been a little underwhelming so far imo. Struggles against the run.  Although missing Campbell doesn't help.
How is 85 not flagged for that? That was worse than what Judon got flagged for
Biggest travesty COVID has caused is the fact that there can’t be fans at this game chanting “BULLSHIT” to the refs
This ref.  Clown meme
Who the fuck was that too Lamar?
"Who the fuck where you throwing to, Lamar?"
"Skura has to go after this game, he has been awful, cut on this thumb or no. Also that 3rd down through to holleywood was awful and he was lucky it wasnt picked off"
Skura keeps making mistakes but the coaches aren’t adjusting. Team fail.
Fuck Skura hate that fucker
Peter's was standing fucking upright checked the fuck out
The fact the Peters hold wasn’t called was disgusting
"This is fucking embarrassing. Call the game. This is a fringe playoff team.

Right where we want to be."
This team has zero discipline.
And now we’re tied with the fucking Browns.
This is not happening. Don't lie to yourselves.
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
[deleted]
We might not even make the playoffs
Patrick Queen hasn’t played as well this season as this sub thinks he has
Lol yall need to calm down. We're down by 3 points not 20
Chill y’all we still in it!
This season is a wash
There’s a 0% chance we beat the Steelers on thanksgiving.
"Dude fuck all of you negative jack offs. 

""The ravens will never be more than a good team.""

""Our defense sucks"". 

Fuck off. Like for real. It's the patriots and bill belichick. Anyone who though this was going to be a walk in the park is an idiot. Never underestimate the Patriots even when they look like shit. 

This is still a manageable game."
HEY GUYS EVERYTHING IS FINE RIGHT?? WERE ALL SUPER DUMB AND DOOMERS BECAUSE OF THIS RIGHT?
I'm prepared to call Hollywood a bust now.
Can’t wait to fire Roman
[deleted]
The game is not even over and doomer are already here WTF
So are we not allowed to say that this offense sucks and isn't very fun to watch?
"Welp guys guess the games over, seasons over. No point in watching the rest of the games this year we all know the result right? 

You’d think so if you spent time in this thread."
I can’t believe we got some people blaming Hollywood there. The mental gymnastics some of you go through is insane
That’s game as far as I’m concerned. This team can’t play from behind or stop a run
Need to stop giving Ingram so many snaps
"This season is over, way too many injuries.

We did a good job holding it together as long as we did."
This team fucking sucks
Refs keep being sold to the Pats
A complete waste of a year. The window is closing in. Once Lamar gets his contract it’s mediocre city for the foreseeable future
The game isn't over lol. You all need to chill.
We’re going to get this conversion and we’re going to win this fucking game
[deleted]
kinda wouldn't care if Brown gets traded eventually. could maybe get a 2nd. get your targets elsewhere
"That cross-body throw to Snead in a monsoon is a perfect example of how Lamar has regressed. He’s so worried about becoming a “quarterback” that he’s forcing plays he doesn’t need to. Just run the ball, man. You’re the best QB to ever do that. It’s a torrential downpour. Just run it."
Did we just waste two draft picks on yannick?
Fucking embarrassing. Joke of a season.
"Nothing you can do in this waterfall, brutal conditions at the end"
I said it last week and I'll say it again - we are not a super bowl contending team
No one wanted to sign ab. Everyone Thought we could be contenders with Hollywood as our best Wr 😂😂
"Boys it’s literally just a football game, stop acting like the world is ending"
This game is over. This team is broken. Season is done. Wildcard loss best case scenario
Yeah guys let’s just tackle the guy fair catching it.
Doomers take the fun out of everything
Can't blame Greg Roman for piss poor throws all year and Hollywood not being able to fight for a pass or get open. I get why the boys are frustrated but they gotta start stepping up.
That is a bullshit flag lmao
Done with this game. Embarrassing. Teams pathetic. People can sit there and say “look at our record” blah blah. This team isn’t going anywhere
There’s a lot of clowns in this fan group. Some of these comments in here talking like we were 0-10 and Lamar is Tony Banks
Refball
BREAKING NEWS. Patriots cheating by controlling weather.
Never will I ever have high expectations for this team again. They’re chokers through and through.
"Dawg, lmfao some of yall out here acting like we played dog shit trash. Its a competitive game in tough weather. Y'all need to learn how to watch football games haha 🤣"
#ARE YOU READY TO RUMBLE
ugh dumb penalties already
Please let's not have a sloppy penalty game tonight. Geez.
"Man Hollywood got pushed around with no effort, hell of a soulja i guess"
"Calling it now, lamars gonna throw a pick and he's gonna start panicking and we'll lose momentum


hopefully i'm wrong"
We won last week because Roman learned that throwing the ball was a playcall. He should try it again
"Oh cool, we’ve got the female ref!"
7 minute drive. I like that we’re in the red zone but damn we’re a must faster offense. The patriots main corner is out. We should be dominating them
The zebras are at it again
Why tf is that even a penalty that wasn’t helmet to helmet
Where did they find this bonds guy? he is awful
That throw to Andrews....... uh....... 😳
"As much as I’d love to see more JK, I’m happy they are giving Ingram the ball. We have so much more JK ahead of us, let’s enjoy the best hype man there is while we can"
Our defense truly is ass without Campbell.
Who taught the Pats how to wear masks?
Fuck this defense. Pathetic.
"Great job Queen, got burnt by Burkhead"
Pathetic effort
"That’s was queen, if he just kept running and ain’t turn around he would have deflected the ball smfh"
We win this easily if we have an actual WR1.
Good that he is wearing a chin diaper
"Unless offense finds their groove, this game will come down to the wire."
Offense is trash.
"The ravens and a two minute drill, name a better combo!"
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME LAMAR
cmon man... bad throw & decision.
We need more from Hollywood I don’t think that was on Lamar good qbs take 50/50s and that wasn’t a bad decisions
Bad read by Lamar but why the hell did Roman call that play
I trust Wink to at least try and make an adjustment for the second half.
"If calais and BWill are both out long term, we will seriously struggle against the run against the pats in the 2nd half, the titans, steelers and the browns. All of those games could be losses. Luckily the rest of our schedule is extremely easy."
Fuckin Jets handled the Pats better than we are. This is fucking infuriating. What the hell happened to this team?
Queen is constantly out of position in these run plays
Everyone playing like they don't want that covid asterisk near their Superbowl win. No effort
"Bro, the ravens look like bikini bottom after a riot after that play. ""MY LEGGGG!!"""
May be time to hop on over to r/eyebleach cause this game ain’t it chief
Them Mfs not even trying LMAOOOOOO 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Run defense non-existent
If we play like this we aren’t making the playoffs
"Wow, just wow. I understand that was straight up horrible defensive series, but just wow.

Did you guys really think being in the COVID protocol for second week wouldn't show? Have you noticed we are missing B.Williams and Campbell?

First half wasn't nearly as bad as this sub made it out to be. Man, I'm usually the pessimistic one"
Yep and now we’re trying to pass. Shocker !
So ravens and browns will both be 6-3.
How are you a dude who literslly got covid and still can't wear your mask over your nose?
lmao see you guys next year
Fuck this team lol 😂
And that Is the ravens season this year.
Cant blame the play call when the center can’t snap the fucking ball
"This team sucks, shame that we wasted a draft pick on Yannick."
Look like Greg rushed into phase 3 of his routine: running cute plays for no reason that don’t work out
"I’m turning this shit off, this is fucking embarrassing"
Typical Ravens getting embarrassed in Primetime
That's some weak sauce right there
At this rate its looking like another first round exit incoming but I still have hope.
AT&T girl had to shut down her Instagram or some shit at one point I think because of the simps
At this point pull lamar from this game
Even the run scheme is so unoriginal. Pistol pistol pistol. Fucking scheme differently you fuck
How are they allowed to play games in this weather.
Fire Greg Roman plz
Lmao Snead drop
Thats the fucking playcall roman. Fucking moron. That’s the playcall whenever it’s short stupid shithead.
We're not a bad weather team.
The rise before the letdown
Ugh I am not looking forward to watching this defense
Yall are hilarious
We need Dez
"Judon, keep fooling everyone"
Ingram needs to just be official hype man and not an active RB anymore he’s had it
go for this shit or we lose
"Ok, I'm making snead my first jersey. Bout to drop that $ dc heat doing good"
"Say what you want, this game is on MATT ""GREASY FINGER"" SKURA. WHAT THE FUCK"
Roman and Skura can both fuck right off to wherever the hell idc as long as it's far away from here.
Bad snap may have cost us the game
PATRICK QUEEN IS GARBAGE DONT TALK TO ME ABOUT TACKLES
"Shit on Lamar for the first pick but Hollywood was the only guy with a chance and underneath coverage got the ball. It wasn't a horrible throw, yall just mad no one else on the team can make plays."
Chuck you had one fucking job u dumbass
I swear the res are being payed wtf
"Now according to the media, Lamar got that holding"
Honestly nothing we could do in this weather it happens
Lamar is fucking cursed lmao
Anyone else feel like fighting someone? Lol
This team just doesn't give a fuck. They honestly have no fire. Look like we can't wait for the game to end
"Why man, why do we have to have primetime games? I really rather never play on prime time ever again"
"Unpopular take - LJ has been figured out. Adjust or expect the same. 

Also unpopular- we've already seen his ceiling."
wtf was he doing...we just gave them 15yds dammit
So Hollywood? What exactly is he good at?
"Not sure what queen was thinking there. 

He saw the dude squared up to throw and stopped? Run through it and play the ball.

Rookie stuff"
Guess who blew the coverage again worrying about his Xbox?!
Y’all gotta relax
Queen will come out with the lowest grade of any MLB in the nfl after this game you can book it rn.
WhY ArE yOu gUyS sO NeGaTiVe
"Of fucking course. Let make shit clear, even though the weather is a factor, we making the dogshit Patriots look like Brady Patriots and we're NOT sb contenders whatsoever."
So many people blaming Hollywood for that atrocious throw.
"I think hollywood will be fine, but this team needed an AJ brown type of reciever. A big physical yac guy"
"Future game predictions
Week 11: Andrews and Peters get hurt
Week 12: McPhee, Queen, and Duvernay hurt
Week 13: Ingram hurt again
Week 14: Dobbins, Edwards, and Hill hurt 
Week 15: Humphreys hurt
Week 16: whole o-line gets hurt
Week 17: everyone else on the team hurt"
Throw this fucking season in the trash. As of right now I'd be surprised if we made the playoffs. The fact that we're so bad this year makes last year's loss hurt 10000x more. That was our shot and we blew it and we certainly will not have another one this year. Fuck this season.
Fuck the refs
[removed]
I still can't figure out wtf Judon was thinking with that random push
fucking scum bag defender went right for the knee.  Nut up and hit him high. That pussy knew he couldn't win fair
"Fire Roman, i don't give a shit if we lose the rest of the season, get that fucking piece of shit out of here"
[removed]
Lol I love that I got downvoted for saying “plenty of time left”
Refs and Skura have both been rough but y'all really mad at this team already. It's not been a great game but seriously some people in this thread really showing as fair-weather fans here
Gotta give Newton some credit for becoming a much smarter player.
Lol I fucking LOVE getting embarrassed on primetime
Every stfu damn 😂
"Two more injuries, this season is fucked."
Dirty fucking hit can’t say im surprised
"Trading Hurst never made a lick of sense at the time, and it’s even worse now. 

The season was over when Stanley went down, but losing Boyle cements it. He’s so much more important than people realize."
"This game is really a lose- lose. If we win, it’s bad because we had difficulty winning against a bad team and we had more bad injuries.

If we lose we won’t hear the end of it from Steelers and Chiefs fans and the Lamar hate will just keep building.

I don’t like being a negative fan, but it’s hard to be positive about the season as a whole after this game."
Cam Newton seriously should have a pinned post on r/justfuckmyshitup
[deleted]
Im starting to hate this team lol
This season aint it. Cancel it due to Covid thx
Unreal. Bunch of pussy quitters
"From what I’m seeing on Twitter, those bad snaps were due to Lamar"
Defense playing shit + offense playing shit = we will not be winning this game. And I've lost hope that we make the playoffs.
"Lamar literally looks like he doesn't give a fuck anymore and it's so concerning. Throwing shitty 50/50 balls and smirking when they go off the field due to it. Throwing suicide passes, what the fuck is next?"
"Ya know. I wish Harbs would come out in the press conference and say how embarrasing and unacceptable this game was. Top to bottom. Offense, defense. Lamar. Play calling. Queen. He wont because he's a genuinely good person and wants to pick everyone up and is loyal to a fault. But fuck me this is embarrassing top to fucking bottom."
"STOP MAKING EXCUSES. These guys are paid professionals. They MUST play and coach better. If not, they should leave"
"Great one Lamar, how many games is that in a row with you giving away points due to a garbage turnover?"
Wow we just gave up. Teams a fucking joke
Honestly a lot of teams have random ass seasons and then do good in the playoffs. We’re really not that bad if we get it together. Anything can happen. Only 3 losses
Who's inactive for us?
Let’s do this!!!
caw caw!
Been waiting all day for this... LET'S GO BOY!!!
I think this game will be closer because of both defenses. But we should take the dub. Reddit let’s be chill tonight aight lol
Lego Pt. 9
Thanks jonny
WET AF THERE. RUNNING TIME
Let’s go boys. Flock time 😈 Lamar gonna have a big game
I kinda don't want to see Lamar run that much if the field is this wet.
**GAME TIME**
Lots of time
Line held up really well
All day
Real nice blocking
And no Gilmore tonight...please let us take advantage!
Good swing route
All day to throw cot damn
Nice protection from the O line there
Did we just throw a screen pass???
Hollywood asking for the ball lol
That was the most obvious combo of routes ever
Oh hai Ingram!
i hope the wet field doesn't hurt our run game
#Good start boys
Solid start
friggin go ravens baby
oooo those jerseys are clean
Sigh
should have gone outside
Dumbass
lamar was better on that deep ball
Some sweet play calling to start the game like usual
And so it begins
We need to get some better receivers fr man
2 pass plays on the first drive into a three and out isn't a good sign... can we please just run it...
Daily reminder we don’t have a good pass game so don’t expect something different against Belichick
Alright. Let's go defense
Surprised we started Ingram in but glad he’s looking healthy so far
Hollywood wants the ball more but can't get open
"Surprised to see us take a deep shot. No way was Hollywood catching that though, so it wasn’t the best opportunity"
Wtf
I think I’ve seen like 5 penalties called against opposing teams when we play this year 🤔
"So if you're getting held and can't see the fair catch signal you just have to know by telepathy?

Yikes"
I'll have you know I've only posted and commented in here 7 times since I said I wasn't hanging out here tonight
Pls Tackle. K thx
Every run going 8 yards lol
I don't like the run defense in this early going.
No Calais we’re getting bullied
"pls stop run
pats are kill"
"Not having Campbell really hurts the run defense, but sheesh, I don't know why 3/4 of our offensive plays were passes. Can we establish the run??? It's not like the Patriots even have a good run defense lmao"
It’s like they have pat ricard playing QB
jeez cam
Cam's thumping tonight.
I fucking love Madubuike
where were you when the pats showed us how to run the ball
"Hey, GR, see what the pats are doing? Running. Let’s give it a go."
tom brady all over again
Legggoooo Ravens
Nice tackle by Elliot!
That’s the deshon we know
This how we should be calling runs
Can’t wait until we can dump Bwill’s contract
I’m still mad about the 3rd down play call
Missing Campbell right now
No way Cam doesn't turn it over if he keeps passing.
PFF is kinda bs. Queen is a top 3 Defensive rookie
Nice play by Elliot!
MATT JUDON DID SOMETHING
Judon moves up to 101
Wtf is with the pff rankings for Judon and McQueen??
HUGE sack! Good stop D
Judon....did something GOOD?
JUUUUUUUUUD
Baja Blast
Peters :(
Oh god no not Peters
"&#x200B;

Marcus Peters is *hobbling* off the field    👀"
JUDON!!!
F Judon just standing around
Now that's a big boy play by Judon
FUCK MP
Lol even there judon used the exact same move he always uses. Just ran around the dude. Thats all he has in his arsenal.
Fucking hell
This secondary is fucked
Good judon
nice Judon!!
Lucky not to get strip sacked
Juuuuudon
How many fucking injuries is this team going to have
LETS GO JUDON
Time to drink some more
Looks like he got kicked in the shin
Better just be a shake up! Judon had a great speed rush there.
I know y’all heard that new edition playing tho
Pain
Let that go dude
"""ChIcKeN wArS""

Umm.....no"
John Simon great pff rating
That was a pretty cool 3rd and 2 playcall.
That was unfortunate but at least he was decisive in his decision to try to run
someone just called that in here lmao
Also when Max Protect doesn’t protect you’re fucked
No one was open on that plan anyway
When they dropping 6 in zone and we only have 2 routes downfield I don’t like our chances of completing a pass
They need to keep this pace and not get too crazy. Wear out the D and hit em
"Without a crowd, the ambience makes it sound like the world's most boring game lol!"
1STD
Lamar looking pretty good
Snead!
SNEAD a true professional
If we ran gus every play we would get a first down every other play
I got a good feeling about this game tonight fellas
Loving this yac
DUV
"Wow, when the OL blocks well up the middle, the offense can operate."
31 had a running start and still got burnt lol
Our most creative play designs are always to Duvernay
Duuuuuvvvvvvv
DUUUUUUUUUUUUVVVVVVVVV
I think that’s the first WR screen we’ve run all season.
Great drive so far.
Damn love that play
Turn up field and take a hit! Nice!
Can we not run needless speed option with our MVP QB on first and 10?
"Youve heard of hair bands, now hair teams. Between cam winnovich and lil bill..."
More Duv
keep these quick throws comin please
A WR screen? Holy shit
Gimme dem 2!
ROMANNNNN LFG
I HAVE THE NEED FOR SNEAD!!!
E Z
Snead it up!
Sneeeeeeeeeeeeeeed
Wooooooo
What a pass from lamar!!! Lol
Get it bitch
Tuff
Hahaha I love it
Let's go man. Loving the tub but GREAT drive!!
Lets go Willie!!
Nice ass drive
Yes. I am happy when I see that
I love me some SNEAD!
Lookin good FlockGang!
Pitch to Snead??? Honestly didn’t see that coming
"What a play by Snead, he was dead to rights and just stretched it out."
my faith is back boys
Great drive! I like the fast-paced start tonight
Good offense when we favor running and mix on intermediate routes. Play to our strengths
"Cam and Lamar, I know Cam never won a ring, but it’s good company for Lama to be in."
"I don't understand soccer teams at all, like so many divisions or something. Wtf"
That drive had some good play calling. Keep spreading the ball around.
yeeaaaaaaa shit
Hate that penalty what else can he do? Have to get low.
I don't mind the call if they enforced it more.
Turnover incoming. Ball dont lie.
Milliner- someone who sells hats
Idk why but cam be reminding me of the Persian king from 300.
Is tramon willams in?
Rain delay inbound.
"That’s terrible defense on third down, come on"
Come on run d let’s get it together
Already gave them 30 free yards
Damien Harris is a good player
Fuck
WHAT WAS THAT COVERAGE? 😡
Well fuck
Swiss Cheese
Lol that was easy
Brandon Williams is hurt :|
Lmao that was pathetic
Bullshit
That was not a lockdown inning by the Os pitching staff
Jesus Christ
???????? That’s such a pick
"They gonna run all over us Campbell is out, and Williams just got hurt"
Ugh....I could almost taste that block!
Wut
what is this ubereats commercial
Now Brandon Williams is injures Jesus Christ
Defense needs to pick it up
Hey I know that song
dude just throw the fucking ball
Running in the night is the song
Need more discipline. Keep shooting ourselves in the foot.
Okay they gonna call that false start for us tho
I wish we’d move with some urgency
"Between false starts and formation penalties, our offense seems dumb as hell this year."
"""he missed 2 games with an ankle"
That was as close as it gets
Can we stick to the run game pls
"Pretty favorable spot, I'll take it"
"Ingram's cleats are so fucking nice, damn."
Fluker is not smaller than OBJ maybe in paper but hes our biggest lineman
Thanks Cris for the insight on Type I Diabetes....Like  people with disabilities can 't play sports  😒
Magic Trick Andrews
Pushed into first down lol
Nice play
Quick passing and running the ball. This is what we need to continue seeing.
Hollywood non existent so far.
Lmao Andrews got Yeetes
What is Greg Roman's obsession with Ingram?
B U S !
"LAMAR CAN""T READ DEFENSES GUYS"
Probably going to pick this one up edit: or not
Edwards fucking leveled him lol
Gus Bus staying on the move!!
Yeah we better get that call too.
Kelce Mandrews and Kittle would be the ultimate fratbro house
Sexy Gus Edwards
Better play calling today for sure
Finally a flag on them
That was obvious
BEEP BEEP
Ricard is such a unit
"Man, my stream is behind... Just got done with the MAndrews catch"
Remember last year when everyone wanted to get rid of gus? Hmm
Hey they called it on NE!!!!?
Dude Gus just feels too fast too big - am i crazy to think he could be our best back
Lamar strong as hell for lifting up Ricard
So much worse then elliots
Hey we got a call
Good call
Hearing ... was that Ricard? Groan when he got hit? That ... honestly was brutal. Never heard that sound before.
Souljas
soulja
"Okay, still seems like the refs are really quick on the penalties"
Block head Ricard
The Pats don't get flags? You don't say!
"Even when we get the same penalty, we only get half the yards"
That’s assault brotha
Ricard is a mountain of a man
This could turn into a long drive shootout
Slant please
"That was a dog shit designed play, Lamar had the momentum and inside line and instead we run him and the receiver that close together and make the receiver catch a ball and turn..."
It’s getting wet out there
Damn Lamar so close
Fluker fucking us up
"Fuck it, I'm going for it here I dont give a shit"
LEGGOOO
i think that’s the first time Hill has been in for two straight plays all year
Has Dez seen the field yet?
The didnt even try cuz they knew tucker would make it lol
Tf!!!
"This rain is making me nervous, really hope it doesn't slow our run and cause injuries"
We are holding with 6 lineman against 4 lol
This we sign Tablet Payton?
"This patriots offense is basically our 2018 offense with lamar. Short easy throws, and a ridiculous amount of read options and run plays."
I hate Josh Mcdaniels all these goddamn screens
Come on
Ngakoue walking weird or am I that drunk?
Need to RISE UP
LEARN TO TACKLE. FFS
Just can’t finish the job in the backfield tonight on defense. Need to close some of those out.
I am liking Harrison tho
They’re driving with ease on our D
Goodness the tackling
So we’re not making a stop today?
Whiffin on so many plays
BALTIMORE RISE UP CMON BB
"I'm sorry but, why the hell are they running through us like we're paper?"
Ellis whiffed so hard...
Defense is getting pushed around so far
"This pats offense shouldn’t be playing this well against our defense, even with our injuries."
Did he say Calais is on IR?!
Boys need to spend more time in the weight room
"Defense played well vs the colts, I wonder what happened"
Lol
Do football pads cover the liver?
2 minute warning already? Damn
What do you guys think of Yannick since we got him?
Nice play by Tramon
Cmon guys don't let them gain ground!!!!
Can’t stop the run worth a damn
"Embarrassing defensive play, but god damn the injury bug hit us hard. You gotta wonder whether it's just a lot of bad luck or if we're not conditioning well enough"
I think getting beat by dink and dunk might be the most frustrating way to get beat
[deleted]
We need help
I have a purple bed I REALLY recommend
Lol
Wow
Omg
Bro what
WTF was that?
Wow
Lol.
They didn’t even try to make those boxes look like they aren’t taped together
I didn't realize the Eagles defense drove up to Boston to play in SNF
Ahh or defense has disappeared
well
Wow
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Arthur Brown SZN
Pathetic
Not a safety in sight... fuck
Sheesh bill wtf
"Welp, okay! 😅"
Fuck
Lmao no good.
Defense stinking out the joint
"Calais, please come back to me"
Poor clock management wtf are you doing
LETS GO SNEAD
In Willie I trust.
Seriously. I feel like you cod let any 2xxb guy stand there and not get to lamar so fast
Let’s go boys
Why is Brandon Williams our again?
Bro the oline is so bad why. The pats don’t even have a good pass rush
Bullshit
I see you Lamar nice drive
Do we ever go deep anymore?
It really sucks watching kyler run all over teams every week knowing we struggle to find any consistency with a better overall core of players
Let's get the ball in range of the GOAT's leg.
Wow fucking awful
Wow........
Fucking ridiculous. That's inexcusable from Lamar.
I can't with all of NBCs trash closeup shots of people's faces right up until the snap. Like goodness just show me the game
Wow
Ugh
nice
Damnit
Fuck.
Jesus pick it up guys wtf
He got greedy
Ugly throw. Killer.
Fucking what is this game
 That was a terrible decision. He didn’t even throw it over them....
"Freaking windy and raining... why even try that?

Bad decision. should've just went for something short. Had a timeout."
Cmon dude
"I’m not too worried. We just need to bring more energy, specifically on defense."
idk why we’re taking the shot there but at least we look good on offense rn in some shit conditions
God damn this team man.
"Serious question, does Lamar not want to be known as a running qb? He's at his best when he has a pass play called and he just takes off so why the fuck aren't we doing that? It's what makes this offense so hard to deal with."
Any word on Brandon Williams?
I'd like to see a deep pass to Duv one of these plays.
"I'm not sure how they can fix the run defense in the second half. It seems to me that the Ravens D-line are just getting dominated man for man by a superior unit. Maybe if Williams and Campbell were playing it would be different, but they're not."
"&#x200B;

Here we go. Here we go Ravens!!!

&#x200B;

Get R' Done"
what are current wr prospects for 2021 draft?
Elliots trash today
Whole D got fooled there.
Absolutely embarrassing
"Judon always looks like he is smelling a giant pile of steaming kaka, then again be probably is because that is exactly what this defense is."
Lol
Bro someone tackle
Lol
Sad
Remember when our run D was universally the best? I member..
This is bad.
Is Williams back in?
lol put all 11 guys in the box please
"so.....the fucker is obviously going to run. stop it, you morons."
And a flag for Peters. FML
FUCKING COME ON D
Harris over/under 240 rushing yards?
Lmfaoooooo
This defense is giving me a stomach ulcer.
Lol good lord. We need a fumble BAD
What is this defense
Dumbass marcus peters
Secondary is playing like ass. Peters has been getting targeted and of course he's going to start running his mouth now.
AND A FLAG ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING MR
alright having broderick and justin ellis is pretty concerning ngl LOL
LOL WE ARE SO BAD
Absolutely 0 pressure
Oh please with that flag
😡
peters why
Ellis is literally a waste of space
Peters got boomed bad
Too fucking easy
#GOD DAMMIT
This defense looks like you're crap tonight.
Defense didn’t even try
Holy shit team is garbage right now.
Wow.
Just give them the fucking Touchdown. Defense is non existent right now.
FANTASTIC
Bonds is down...
Soft.
We’re not playing great :( please get it together before I’m drunk.
This is hell
https://youtu.be/JtQte8_a_B4
Soft. Can't stop the run. Can't depend on Peters to cover a JAG. I know the conditions suck bad but this is still poor effort.
juan castillo for OC
Wink please fix your boys up
So if we gets our dicks kicked in by a team that barely beat the jets then what? Are we bad?
Our defense is 100% better than this showing we need to have someone step up with a big play
"This is the game our offense has to win it for us, we cannot rely on defense tonight."
I belee
Of course mf new england
"REALLY need some points right here, boys... PLEASE!!"
can we play some hurry up we need some pace
[deleted]
So they made adjustments on offense but not on defense? Interesting.
Run the ball on every down for the rest of the game.
We lost Fluker too or was he benched?
Hate the toss. Hate it
BWill status to out. Wont be back
You absolutely need to score here.
Gonna have to call a timeout
Where's Gus going!?!?!?
I don’t even want to watch this down
I’m calling it now. Dumbass read option. Inches short.
Go for it
Got a break there
Qb draw
Terrel bonds is doubtful to return
"Man if feels like 2012 all over again, all these injuries. Yet somehow, still in the hunt for playoffs....."
Bro please don’t do this anymore
Holy fuck
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKING HELL SKURA
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT
Complete joke
Lol
We lost gg
Horrendous play call
Who could have seen that play coming?? unbelievable how shitty our playcalling is
Yep
hmm shitfuck
Sorry sorry sorry
😑
welp
Are we allowed to mope yet
Wrong time to try something cute
rip
Man... Come the fuck on
bahaha
They score here. It’s game over.
Bro we cant even snap the ball why are we in a wildcat. So many questions.
BRO
playing like cowards
Pure ass.
QB sneak????
Just beautiful
Being both a rockets and ravens fan isn’t very fun right now
"Ok honestly, what was the playcall anyways? Were we about to wildcat this with Ingram? What?"
"May as well go to bed now,spare the agony"
I want to barf
"Welp, that sucked. Not looking good tonight boys."
Wake tf up
LMAO
What the actual fuck was that? I’m turning this shit off if we win great if we lose I don’t care. I can’t watch anymore of this shit until roman is fucking out of here
Fuck
"I doubt we get a super high draft pick next season hut hopefully, we can address some weaknesses and Im hoping we fire roman even though he has had the ability to call good plays here and there this season."
This play calling is terrible. Has that wildcat formation ever worked for us? Also that toss a few plays before was a horrible design
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
👀
They’re using Lamar like a rb
LAWD
I'm begging our defense man
It’s game over
Why was Ingram back there?
Fuck the NBC jinx. Fuckers
Ah yes 4th and one with the option of the best rushing qb in the nfl or wildcat...
"People keep blaming Roman, but this o-line is a giant pile of shit"
This team is on some bullshit.
Just set the fucking edge omg
FYI they may run it to the edge
Man if the pats can run on us like this Henry will feast.  Those injuries
Just give them the rush TD defense.
"Going to bed. If I stay up my BP will probably go way up and I’ll have too much adrenaline to sleep. Hope we win, but doubt it the way we’re playing. Nite fellas."
What the actual fuck
Seasons over with these injuries bruh
What can Queen do exactly? Besides run fast?
Judon
Zero run D. Zero. Might as well help them carry the ball to the end zone since yall can't tackle for shit.
"We’ll see how much pride this D has, but they’ve got to be gassed."
What happened to Jimmy Smith? I've totally missed it
So frustrating with this team
Judon back at it again
Fucking Judon. What an asshole.
Greg wants to be fired so he can start interviewing for a HC job
Judon is seriously 0 IQ
There you go Judon on schedule.
I get half of our defense is out but that doesn’t excuse the terrible play calling on offense
Lol
"Our LBs are good at keeping the checkdown in front of them. Unfortunately, it's more like 12 yards in front of them."
Is Judon getting a bonus for personal fouls this year!!!!
This is beginning to feel like a poor way to spend my night off.
A flag on the play I wonder if it’s another roughing penalty on the defense oh look it is
Let’s just keep shooting ourselves in the foot.
About time for the Judon bonehead play
I gave judon credit earlier and I accept my stupidness
Can't wait for garbage time stat padding
JUUUUUUUUU.      DOOOOOOOOOON
This game is gonna make me start drinking again
Did Collinsworth say Jimmy Smith is having the best year of all the cbs?
Pass the bleach please
"https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/jszdxt/reiss_the_patriots_are_working_in_full_pads_today/gc2lhr6/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3

I called this game 3 days ago dammit I knew it"
"Whelp this game is effectively over. Even if Lamar turns it up, the defense can't stop anyone without Campell and Williams. Bonds and Jimmy Smith out too? That's not really a effective starting unit in the NFL at all."
We're pretenders
Looks like marlon is hurt
fuck marlon looked hurt
I can't remember the last time we held a team to a FG in the redzone but getting it here just barely keeps us in the game.
"Man I was really hoping we'd kick their ass, atleast win the dang game😭"
I JUST WANT SOME FUCKING POINTS ON THIS DRIVE. FFS
"If Ellis plays next week instead of Campbell, Derrick Henry will have 250 rushing yards"
Judon is so damn inconsistent. one play he’s making a great play to get a sack and the next he’s taking a stupid penalty. we deserve much more consistency on the edge than we’ve been getting from him or from anyone the last two years.
"I HATE to say this, Hollywood Brown is what Tyreek Hill is if he couldnt run routes. 

Just speed."
Holy shit I thought I was starting to warm up to Collinsworth after last season. Jokes on me I guess
Yo.............CHILL
OMG
Cool
Boyle down
Jesus fuck. Everyone on the team is gonna end up hurt
I fucking can't with this
And Boyle done
Is that a broken leg or ankle for Boyle? My god
Just killed him with that checkdown
Fucking hell
Lamar just have Boyle a hospital ball
Jeez these injuries are too much to overcome
Wow
Jesus christ
Oh that was nasty
Ohhhhhh no!
"ffffffffffffffuck, this season is going BADLY, boyle down too"
Eff this game
Fuck me.
Not Boyle...
Jesus fucking christ.
Lets get another 3 and out. Guaranteed with minimal yardage. Fuck this timeline
Jesus this can’t get any worse
holy fuck
This Pats team has turned into Bernard Pollard on us
Fuck no
Fuck this year
fuck taco bell
"Now, the season is officially over... Shit, Boyle, I’m sorry!"
FUCKKKKKKKK. Just end the game. Boyle :(
Cancel the season
Fuuuuuuckkk!
jesus this is a fucking bad game. His ankle got fucked up
next year
Fuck
How many injuries in one game? My god
"All I want is to draft next year is O lineman, WRs, and DBs"
What a nightmare
Fuck fuck fuck fuck
And our line just got worse
🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
Man this year could not have gone worse as humans and Ravens fans. 2021 is gonna be ugly cap wise too
The cart is out. Hope Boyle gets a speedy recovery 🤞
People would lost their minds but really the rules should be every hit should be between the shoulders and knees.
2015 Flashbacks Intensifiy
"What happend to the pass offense l, seriously cant hit any pass further than 15 yards this year"
Oh fuck Boyle is done
Fuck that looked gross :(
Just end the game
Jesus christ his leg
I hope Boyle is okay. That doesn’t look good.
no no no no no Boyle no no no no
"What you guys expect, a third of our defense is injured. I don't think this is indicative of anything"
Duverney needs more opportunities
IT'S ALMOST LIKE THE SLANT FUCKING WORKS
Jfc that's.not.good
Finally go downfield so you know there's gonna be a hold
We just can't fucking win tonight can we
Can't excuse that
Fuck that looked terrible
Honestly fuck the refs I’m so done with these calls
"Fuck me, what's this flag for?

Edit: fuck us being so undisciplined."
Omffg
This fucking coaching man too. Like these penalties are absolute killers. But fuck these refs.
"That was another almost suicide pass, jesus christ..."
NFLRA is more corrupt than both political parties combined
Probably gotta make that catch.
Catch the fucking ball jesus
Down down down down down
LETS GET IT MAN
NEED THAT FIRST
oh so that’s what happens when you run downfield
That was the first 4th down play where if Lamar kept it he'd be in the endzone
"Yes, thank you Gus"
Gonna need a TD and some FUCKING DEFENSE for a chance
We have an offense like the Houston Rockets
Is Fluker hurt or we finally benched him?
"Why don’t we run Gus up the middle more? That’s guaranteed 7+ yards.

Especially when it’s pouring rain!"
No interior lineman on this team needs to be here next year.
Mekari is at RT?
SKURA!!!!!!!!!
Skura???????
surprised the DB didn't dive for Andrew's leg there
what happened to the hurry up offense?
Pain
Why they take fluke out
Please god make us win
Fire Skura!
This is so ugly
I know we could not match that monster Bucs contract but man I miss Ryan Jensen
"Whoever was watching every game this year, the snaps were all shit since week 1, they're way off not just tonight"
I really really really dont know why we dont line up under center when the ball is this wet
Need 6 here man
NEED IV SNEAD!!
NEED IV SNEAD\~!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Can we please execute with some urgency? NE is going to run it down our throats; we don't have a ton of time left, if you look ahead."
That's what I asked for
#YES THANK GOD
I HAVE A NEED
WILLIE
"HE'S DOWN.

HE'S DOWN"
I’m holding my breath every play thinking there’s going to be another injury.
Pls defense make a stop
daaaaaaammnnnnn
Finally!
Nice drive.
Yeah boys!!!
In Willie I Trust.
Was down well before the ball came loose.
We’re going to win this fucking game bird bros!!
This is intense
"See? We run the ball more, we do better

Not exactly rocket science here, Gregory"
NEED FOR SNEAD iv
Let’s see the defense play with an edge next drive.
Let's go!! This isn't over!
Nice dot there.
YALL SAID IT WAS OVER
NEED FOR SNEAD
Holy crap this drive is gonna kill me
"Yep, that’s our WR1"
I just don't see how we can blame the rain for this
Now the defense has to come up big
o shit willie
Takeaway please
Defense has had like half a quarter to regroup. Let's hope they don't shit the bed again.
Dime
Snead is our WR1
Time to watch our defense get bullied
Ok so now we just sellout to the run
"Well, staying outside fml"
Ok defense just needs to find a solution to Harris and Meyers and we can get things going.
There we go! Now another!
Llamas bout to knock the 10 point deficit curse off his back
Wtf happened to our defense
Alright good 1st down
There we fucking go
Let's gooo peters.
Any word on Boyle?
"LET'S FUCKING GO, D!"
Whats up with the snaps last week and kind of this week? I know the weather sucks but it has been a trend recently
THERE WE GO WHERE HAS THIS D BEEN ALL GAME??
Good shit Judon
Please get the stop. Im begging
Lets fekkin go
Oh look at this! We can play defense!
What a fucking stop
Okay that's our fucking stop boys!!!
Patriots choking
Here we go.....
YESSS
Wait what’s the person doing out there kicking the ball with his foot? Never seen this
Did he say Voldemort?haha
Lets hope Ricard can sort of fill in for Boyle leaves us with no fb but its what we got
run it
Do I believe now?
Wasn't Roman your OC last year?
Ffs Ingram
" Let’s keep it simple, not funky shit and take the lead, LETS FUCKING GO"
Bruh
Fuckkk
Fuuuuuuck that was so close to a great play
Nice try by Willie but rough throw.
Shit Lamar really needed to make that throw....
Leading with the head in a defenseless receiver
Why are we throwing 5 yds when we need 12?
"Dude why didn't he run, it looked like he could have gotten the first"
"Dammit, can’t get mad at that but that’s a big missed throw"
Fuck it go for it lmao
Go for it
Let Sam Pass
"Third and long, let's throw a 5 yard pass."
come on harbs at least try for the offsides
Fucking goddamnit just fucking go
They actually called him for holding this time
3 AND OUT LET'S GO
Greg Roman needs to go stand in the fucking rain to see for himself now well two straight pass plays are gonna go.
This rain is unbelievable. It looks almost unplayable for a game.
Drive was dead when they decided to run it on 1st down instead of play action pass tbh.
Decline no question
STOP THEM PLEASE!!!
malik harrison can not get manhandled by ryan izzo
Idk
Either way they're going for this
Pats just needed to lose that bum Brady and they have a chance to beat us...
This is fucking sad
Wolfe finally showing up
This defense just killing us
What's with our coverage?
Defense getting super aggressive. Fearing a trick play soon
Newton won’t throw the ball more than 3 yards down the field.
And that was it for the D. 2 good plays lol.
"Come on D, just get Lamar some good field position!"
OK D
Now we need a nice drive
Now that's a fucking stop!
COME ON
"Backups taking names, making plays."
 Love these men ❤️
Insert undertaker gif
Offense better repay the defense here
Some crazy shit about to go down and I’m not prepared. It’s in the air today.
"OK Lamar don’t get in your head, just play like you know how"
The only one that can stop Gus is our own guys
WHEELS ON THE GUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
Catch it Mark!!!
Cmon mark
Go ahead Mark! Make a big deal about that one bud! Fucking choke artist.
So fucking tired of Andrews choking under the lights man.
CATCH IT
If Lamar takes off an runs more he can single handedly win this game.  It's like he's avoiding running at all costs this season due to the media cramming the narrative down his throat that he's a run first QB.  He's trying to prove people wrong more than he cares about winning
Come on Mark.
would love a nice 7 minute TD drive
"One of our guys helmets goes flying down the field, and no flag?"
"We need smooth running, keep the bus rolling. Play action, give us a deep shot. AND FOR THE LOVE OF GOD. DUVERYNAY"
HES SO GOOD
Getting 7 yards a carry. Let's throw the fucking thing...
run run run run
Flashbacks to Barry Sanders
Wtf mark
WTF
"Beautiful run and all, but how tf did no one get open lol"
Fuck mark
"Just keep the power running going, keep Gus in there they can’t tackle as well when this wet"
Lamar is Houdini
What was that route tree doe?
"Marquise brown on that play stopped. Once he don’t get the ball, nope I’m done"
Lol
Vintage Lamar type beat
Really Andrews
Lamar Jackson has wheels
"I didn't think Lamar would get that first down.


I'm an idiot."
Lamar is so special. Also how tf does none of recievers get open after 10 seconds in the pocket
Game
Someone kill me
What kind of route tree is that?
GOD DAMMIT
That was the most pocket time i've seen in ages in the NFL
"Lol the pats, look like a bunch of ducks waiting to get fed."
Receivers coach needs to be castrated
Thanks Mother Nature
Fire slurs this is ridiculous
Skura go away
Wtf
Wellllll so much for that
Jesus christ
Fuqing Skura
Grats
Skura. Get out.
So about making Morgan Cox our center... I think we could make it work!
This center needs to be fucking fired.
Get Skura off the damn field please
Skura is wank
run runr run
How the fuck is that not a foul
We need an oline
Wtf is that snap??
JEEZ PUT MEKARI AT CENTER PLEASE
Fucking skura
Skura wtf
"i hate skura so much. yeah it's wet out there, but he's been fucking up for WEEKS"
Lamar working hard for it
Defender wasn't going for the ball but ok
That really killed this drive
Bench Skura
Son of a bitch
Leading with the helmet...
Matt Skura has to go.
That was dangerous as fuck!
FUCK SKURA
Thanks skura
"Great play by Lamar. I don't even know how he did not slip with all those cuts man.....really another level.


EDIT: And then we have this shit by Skura."
Feels like a 1st by penalty or nothing situation.
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
That's the game
🤷‍♂️
What was he seeing there?
ONE MORE STOP
Fake punt?
We got lucky that wasn't picked.
We need fruit punch to get us a turn over!!!
still might get one more shot at it
make it happen D
Get skura the fuck off the field. You suck
This seems early for a TO
You dont call timeout until after the 3red down play yo
Turnover pls
Queen...
How is Burkhead so explosive?
queen in coverage... barf
Fml
"Chris ""Meyers Personal Dick Sucker"" Collinsworth"
That's game. Fuck.
The fuck was peters doing?
Fuck this
Holding
Pussy ass call
Vikings cut Pay Elflein
Lol man just lol
What the fuck was that matchup? Why is queen covering their only good wr. Fuck our coaching
Fuck this game
Turnover?
Marlon down too sick
The foul actually would have helped us I think
"Ugh what a shitty game. Not too confident about this team moving forward, and it’s because of Greg Roman and injuries. Hopefully we can set it right. Lamar looked better tonight tho despite these conditions."
Penalty would have actually helped us
Easy first here
"Not sure who missed the tackle in the backfield there, but that’s a play you need to make"
Idiot
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
Lol
Lol of course this shit to end it
Discipline is shit too.
Gtfo
I'm sorry what????
🔫🦶
make it happen
*Gotta blame it on something...*
Here's the game
"This is not the year, need to get everyone healthy and beef up areas of need"
my daddy is not here to save me
What the fuck was that play call
Here we go.....
Let's hope for a miracle
Holding by a mile :(
I feel like Wink schemed a bit more 2nd half and figured out how to stop the run and give us a chance. I honestly didn't know if we could do that this game
HOLDINGGGGGG WWTFFFF
Hollywood to the house. Let's see it.
Stunt on these hoes lamar
Please be holding on skura
Lol
Typical.
Aaaaaaaand it’s done
"Pick, bad snap recovered by NE, or Lamar scrambles and goes down in bounds to end the game?"
Honestly these calls are getting fucking ridiculous
We are beating ourselves and that’s the most frustrating part
here we go again
And another bad snap
We believe
Lol they call penalties one way
Here we go with the holding!
Holy fuck it's wet
Raining so hard it looks black and white
He was out of bounds wtf
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
Good play call Roman you fucking idiot
" NFL refs are the biggest cocksuckers on the planet, scum of the earth"
Fuck man
https://youtu.be/NFsc-Adl50w
This team playing like they know they’ve lost. There’s no fight
I’m absolutely sick of this offense. Get Lamar weapons and bring in competent play calling.
It'll only take one slip from a DB to win
Dip and dunk the ball in bounds down the field ..
Wow
Lamar is pissed
Every fucking time
Wild game. Sad
Can’t catch
Guess we thought we could sit our 2 best D lineman and be fine
Well when it rains I guess it pours
Shoulda picked up AB
This games over
Can Calais get a shot in his leg and get in the fucking game? Not sure we can afford to take 2-4 games off for a minor ass injury.
Id be surprised if we get a wildcard spot. We legit don't deserve it.
Lol at the pats queers dming me that cam is better than lamar
I was high on Hollywood when we drafted him but he’s been making it tough to root for him
Y'all are toxic.
 Y’all hate this team then just go to bed.
Queen is soft af. Getting blocked by a RB like that is pathetic
Just put RG3 in....no need to risk Lamar this game is a wash
Queen is garbage. Downvote me all you want. He does nothing
Who else despises justice hill on the field?
Honestly that was good defense by Queen
We look like shit playing Brady and the pats....... oh wait. Thats how bad we look
This team is a fucking disgrace
"Fuck this team, they face a little adversity and everyone starts bitching."
DIRTY ASS TEAM
Fuck the pats. Hope they suffer endless injuries after the dirty shit they just pulled.
Ball hit Snead in both his hands . Make the catch lol
Roman is on the hot seat right guys?
[deleted]
#If we are winning a Super Bowl we cant do this shit
I’m one lackluster drive away from joining the “GRO needs to go” campaign
That was a bad throw lol. It worked but damn.
Hollywood is no number one
Queens been abysmal against the run & now gets dunked on in pass coverage
Playing terribly since the touchdown
Two fucking plays and you burned 29 seconds holy shit. What fucking horrible clock management brought on by garbage play calling
"Just tell me the games over, I'm done 😔"
Can we please get Dez in the game and scream in lamars face for that bullshit while we’re at it
"Fire Roman, cut Fluker, cut bonds, teach Hollywood how to route run, make Dez a starter at this point"
our WRs literally can’t make a tough or contested catch at all Lamar can’t trust any of them
Obvious hold on the throw. Soft call on Peter's. Fun playing NE refs. Defense getting destroyed. Like out Humphry on their 1 WR and stop the fucking run
And that’s game
LMAO see ya next week boys
That retarded look on Judons face is him seeing his money fade away
Nick Boyle just got hurt. Now we just need Ricard to get hurt and we really get going offensively.
So these cheating bastards are just gonna injure everyone. Fantastic.
"It's worth noting that injuries are a coaching issue just like everything else.  Accidents happen, but a statistically aberrant season points to issues with conditioning and strength training.  And playot safe."
"If Proche drops this I'll delete my account

edit: phew"
That was a good commercial but still fuck Amazon
I wanna have hope but we almost never get these close games
Queen needs to sit the rest of the season
All I can do is laugh. I'm not even disappointed anymore.
A PASS FOR NO GAIN HAHAHAHAHAHAHA SERIOUSLY
GG boys onto next year
Pats just allowed to taught huh
This team stinks
This team is not a good team. So many of us have said it from early in this season. Met with nothing but “you’re a bandwagoner. Fake fan big truzz “ those of us that know the sport knew this team lacks what is needed. Tonight shows it again. Injuries suck. It played a huge factor. But it was a shitshow of a performance. Deserve the L here
Literally just forfeit the next two games. Get healthy and pray to god Greg Roman is fried
"Guys, downvote me all you want. But just about every thing with this team needs changed. Coaching, conditioning, coordinators, next year is it, all we got before it will be impossible to win anything cause of money cap. We need replacements for half of our offensive spots and half defensive. Even healthy that is not happening. Quite literally it is a miracle that we make the playoffs this year, and next year."
Ravens will limp into the playoffs as a 5 or 6 seed and lose round 1
Queen is looking more and more incompetent every game
Damn Cam fell off a fucking cliff since 2015......
"Btw guys, if you ever say Duvernay’s name out loud, it’s “DU-ver-nay,” not “du-ver-NAY” like a lot of the NFL commentators have been saying recently."
beautiful pass but that's not a route for Hollywood
smh Hill
Brown could not have been less open. Crappy start against the second worst defense in the league.
Wtf was that tackle!!? Jfc its the first ST play and already a flag
"People who wanted outside of the numbers

There you go"
Lmao Patriots oline bodying the ravens defense already
"102 OF 111

JUDON IS ABSOULTE TRASH."
Yannick has been a disappointment thus far
"Boys, we got ourselves a drive"
That was not a good play there tho they could not tackle him
"Bullshit, how was that a penalty"
God dammit. This is where we get sloppy and fall behind
We are passing every time Ingram is in the game it seems.
I hope if it comes to 4th down we go for it
Not sure why people hate on Collinsworth. I think he's a very good commentator.
"Not sure why you're celebrating there, Queen. You literally let him carry you ten yards for a first down."
What's up with these soft ass defenders we've got this year re: injuries? We have like 2-3 that tweak/injure shit every week.
"Baltimore no run D, I arent think that 🤔"
"Fucking embarassing. Oh well, I hope wink makes some adjustments at halftime."
Are you fu hu hucking kidding me?
I hate when we are just a highlight tape for offenses
Defense needs to do a lot more in the next half
Bro this Oline needs help
Offense isn't the problem right now it's the run defense.
Whens the last successful 2 minute drill we’ve actually ran
Seriously kill me
Lamar piss me off man just get 3 why throw to a small receiver in double coverage
James Urban needs to come in clutch
"We’re a second half team, guys! LFG"
we want to trade and target every position besides wr 😂😂
"Defense going to start the 2nd half with a turnover, make up for the weak first half boys!"
Deshon Elliott is still a liability
This defense is garbage 🤣🤣
WHY ARE WE SO FUCKING BAD?!?!?!?!?!?!
"Oh man that’s the fucking Ravens for ya

Edit: We’re making the 3-5 Patriots looking like a playoff caliber team. That’s so Raven.

Edit 2: I suck at English when my team is playing like the fucking browns."
Man I want to throw up....Lol
"This team constantly makes me wanna vomit. The Pats are an ass team, why are we always playing down?"
"So tired of the ""there's always next year"" mentality. Cat just throw this all away. Put into some fucking effort"
Wasting a 2nd half TO. Fucking awful.
If we don't get this it could be gg
HAHAHA!!
On to the next one
Skura is fucking horrible
If someone isn’t fired after this game Biscotti needs to fly down on his yacht and show Harbs the light.
Defense needs to step up.
"This year we really look like what we are, a young inexperienced team"
Roman gonna get another pass from the team because d sucked
If skura is hurt or whatever with this cut on his hand why the fuck don't we kick mekari as center and move skura. Its not like anyone on the line is playing to their strength anyways
We not out of this game yet. Cam Newton has lost quite a bit of talent. If we can stop him we’re still in this. It’s only the 3rd quarter. Tell Roman to get his head out of his ass
Welp back to demons souls
Season over
"Honestly, it should be his last season with us. I don't really trust Skura. Man has been cut and waived numerous time. We must have a crush on him or something..."
Fuck matt judon
"So this game is over and if our run defense doesn’t change before next week, we’ll lose to the Titans and then the Steelers. We’re looking at a very real possibility of being out of the playoff picture by Thanksgiving"
#holy fuck can we PLEASE get rid of Judon now
We’ve definitely been dependent on turnovers. Let’s get some
Yeah they weren't going to let us win this anyway.
We aren’t winning anything this year. Just clean house and get ready for making an actual run
Our team def came in cocky and thought the game was one before it started. We're in autopilot and taking dumb penalties and giving no effort bc we're the more talented team.
Fuck this game
Noooooooooooo i can't. My team is in shambles and getting embarrassed in prime time
Well I'd figure at this point every possession is 4 downs now
Patriots need to be investigated for bounty gate pt2
I was gonna go to bed if they didn’t score. Now I am obliged to stay up and watch this shitshow
Lamar IS great
Are you guys ready to get run on again?
Will the streak end tonight
"honest question, can this game be delayed a bit? the rain looking kinda intense and i think someone said it’s gonna get worse"
This one is over if we can't get a stop here.
Manure chant incoming...
Gg
Lamar is putting us on his back and the defense is choking
"Welp, fuck"
3rd and 10 gonna give up 11.
Gg
"These refs have fucked us so badly, 100% hit to the head of our QB"
Wtf was that Lamar
Skura is such a simp
Game over
Alright Patrick queen kinda stinks
FUCK SKURA
LOL
"No Collinsworth, Bill made John his bitch today. With our roster, this performance is unacceptable."
Why are we the only team in the league that gets offensive holdings calls?
And our 20 point game streak broken 😭
We get the worst timed penalties ever
We just have to get to midfield and heave one up for Hopkins... oh wait
Lol they laughed at us.
"that was shit, lamar........jfc"
is this a Lamar problem or a surrounding cast problem?
"I said I was done but wtf, why are we doing short ass throws a d.forcing lamar to  try and save the game. Fucking embarissing to rep this team this year"
We get some of the worse calls from the refs
😂😂😂
"Holy fuck I just saw Ngakoue's name in that replay. They finally let him play! Oh, what's that? He's been in for a few games now? How is that possible? Oh, he hasn't done a god damn thing? To shreds, you say???"
"I’m gonna say it. We shouldn’t have cut Thomas.

Edit: We should sign Jefferson too."
Go fuck yourself if you think this team is winning a Super Bowl
"""It's never Lamar's fault"" is r/ravens slogan"
Lamar is now throwing his guys into career ending injuries.
#ANYONE IN HERE COMPLAINING CAN FUCKING LEAVE AND TAKE YOUR BULLSHIT NEGATIVITY WITH YOU
HAHAAHAH THIS IS WORST THAN FLACCO
Is anyone really entertained by the super flamboyant yahoo in all these commercials?
Imagine watching superstore
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lamar is looking worse and worse by the week
“Durrr sO mAnY bAnDwAgOn FaNs. ChIlL oUt GrEg RoMaNs GoT tHiS!”
[deleted]
Wow...defense getting exposed tonight
Hollywood? More like Bollywood. Run better routes and you can get the ball. Not this piss poor shit. Or getting a catch and stopping. Get some YAC.
"So guys, do you think Hogan's gonna shut shit down again soon? Store already getting a little bare on tp again down on the shore today :/"
Patriots need to be investigated for bounty gate pt2
Hahahaha we can’t even snap the ball correctly
PATHETIC TEAM PATHETIC LOSS PATHETIC PLAYERS. BUNCH OF PUSSIES
"Anyone who actually thinks Lamar has the clutch ability to come back rn is delusional lmao. He's a lot of things but clutch isn't one of them.



EDIT: Your delusions only make me more right."
All you gotta do...is run it a few yards and take a sure 3 points...and you throw deep to a receiver who can't separate... what the actual fuck. I fucking can't with this team. This game is over. Mark it.
Could of have Dez and AB if DeCosta wanted.
BS flag peters was already in the motion of tackling before they went out of bounds
Steelers fan; how the hell is that a 15 yard penalty?!
"Madden curse, regression whatever u wanna call it- most likely another 1st round exit ✌🏼"
🥺UNBELIEVABLE how cute Cam is I’d STROKE him😩💦🍆
Justice Hill is a terrible gunner.
These stupid mistakes we keep making 3 weeks in a row god damn man does Harbaugh not talk to these guys about mistakes
Has baker been lifting weights?
No reason this shouldn't be a blowout.
Bout to turn on the PS5 if our D continues not to have any interest
HA!
Holy fuck Roman is actually retarded
Let’s see what the apologists say now lmfao.
What an absolutely garbage throw. Dude looks like a straight rookie out there.
He didnt even fight for it lol
Just run the ball dammit
How many ints has Lamar had under 2 minutes over the last 2 years? Gotta be at least 3. Cant fucking believe we arent just playing to tie at half.
Is he trying to prove something this year or something? Run run run quit trying to throw you can't fucking throw. Do what you do.
This team sucks
I’m going to fucking kill myself
Moments like these I really wish I wasn’t a football fan
4th and 1. They getting stopped. Calling it now
Plenty of time left.
"As I said before. It's not (only) the playcall, it's a lack of focus and execution."
"I’m out on this game, possibly the season... See you sad sacks next week"
"Typical GDT... It's a two possession game & the sky is falling, fire everyone, turning the game off, etc... 🤣 It's early."
I might break my tv
Classic ref ball.
"Say it with me y'all

#R"
It wouldn't matter if they were short they would've converted on 4th
this team is trash
Andrews is overated AF
Lamar????
"Lamar isn't getting help, but he is not helping himself. He consistently throws passes I can't even begin to think of an excuse for."
Matt skura lost us this game
#BELEE
"I’m not putting a ton of stock in this game. Lose our top two guys in run defense killed us, but like we’re also playing in super tough conditions against a well-coached and schemed team. Relax, if we end up at 6-3 that’s fine."
Fuck this team. Not this year. Maybe next
Smh...I can't believe the Ravens lost
bring on 6-5
Defense fucking sucks
Hey does anyone wanna sign my petition to get Judon to play in traffic
Queen looking soft and stupid out there.
"Yeah great fucking idea dipshit, give it to our shitty old injured RB coming back for the first time in weeks instead of the reigning MV fucking P

&#x200B;

HOLY SHIT, how embarrassing to be a fan of this team"
[removed]
everything about the ravens is overrated
"Pats fan here really hope Boyle is ok, looks like an acl tear"
[deleted]
We suck
[deleted]
[deleted]
How big of a take to say....Lamar may not be the franchise QB we thought? Due to not being able to pass?
He's so bad at deep throws it just amazes me sometimes.
Fucking Lamar.
Lamar is a bottom ten qb lmao what a joke
I dont care Judon still sucks.
Our D looking so bad. I know some starters are out but damn youd think we'd have a backup plan
Lmao a WR took a better deep shot on a trick play then our QB can.
Queen garbage
Suicide pass from Lamar. Holy fuck. Lamar knows it too.
Learned that from TJ Watt fucking dirty cunts
Boyle is now out for the season with a broken fucking femur... Jesus Christ.
Peters aint even trying there lmfao
lamar or Hollywood are the only guys that can break something.  It has to be in their hands
Mark Andrewd fucking sucks. Get out of bounde. You have one job.
These ravens will never be more than just a good team.
Yet another unbelievably bad throw from Lamar. I am officially scared when the ball leaves his hands. It’s a huge problem
That was on Lamar
"YO Y'ALL NEED TO REMEMBER THAT THIS DEFENSE CARRIED US FOR BASICALLY THE LAST 5 WEEKS LOL 

IT'S TIME TO SEE WHAT THIS OFFENSE (THAT SEEMS TO BE CLICKING TONIGHT) CAN REALLY DO!!!!"
"Fuck the patriots.dirty fucks

Edit: lurking pats fans downvoting. Kys"
I hope we lose so that we can get rid of Greg Roman. He is such dogshit
[deleted]
Lamar can't throw we all knew that.
Is Lamar not good at getting receivers the ball or are the receivers we have just not very good at getting open? I honestly can't tell maybe it's both.
Need better wrs its obvious
Thats BULLSHIT he didn't even fall over!?!?!
we should look into getting a QB that is a threat with his legs
Derrick Henry might destroy us again next week ngl
"Damn Patrick Queen 80 out of 86? Ouch

Also Judon is trash LMAO"
Ouch
I didn't really see much difference in playcalling ... seems more like weak Pats D but ill take it 🤷‍♂️
Clear pick
How is this a tie game jfc.
Penaltiiiieees
So. Many. Penalties already
Jackson puts himself in harmful positions. He’s built tough but I’m not sure it’s a good idea
Pats anemic pass rush sure isn’t looking too bad tonight
Hopefully they sprinkled some deer antler on brandons ankle
Worst defense ive seen in years
*DRINK!!!*
If a non qb player throws the ball can there still be a roughing the passer call? What if it was just a lateral?
Yo what is this laundry commercial
Lol
Oof
We suck goddamn
DUV would've made that catch.
Why did we even go for a deep shot we were close to field goal range
"I don’t watch much college football. I’d love another solid OL, but can anyone give me insight on some good WR prospects? We need a #1"
GG
Miami and Jets looking better than us. Aint that a bitch.
Is there any healthy player left?
"It’s literally cause our 2 d line run stoppers are out,chill out. of course our defense is gonna be shit if the people paid to stop the run are out"
"Ffs if the weather wasn’t so bad, we could take better advantage of Gilmore out"
Yeah that's game boys
What the fuck Roman
That may be it boys
Whew.
"chill, we're ten down lmao calm tf down"
"Honestly, just pack it in and rest Lamar at this point. We don’t have it tonight and we don’t need a torn ACL"
"DJ Khalid also handling stupid penalty duties

And another one!"
Goodnight everyone
Judon wtf
[deleted]
Who the fuck are the interior lineman? They suck and keep getting moved off the ball
Eff this game
Wonderful
Bruh that looked kinda like the injury to the Steelers dude that had the back injury.. he rolled on his back and was making those same hand movements..
"Why we trade Hurst again, god dammit we had one of the best offenses of all time and you fucked with it. Decosta has been great and I love dobbins but was never a fan of that trade."
"Lamar ""Flacco check down"" Jackson"
These refs fucking suck!!!
horrible spot
"Skura hand is cut, we don't have a backup center because Mecari is at guard correct? Aka we're fucked"
"THERE WE GO WE ARE ONLY GOOD WHEN WE ARE LOSING, this won’t work in a playoff game"
Y'all need to breath this is ball so hard university! We build MEN on this team. This team needs the adversity. They need to learn how to fight in the trenches! This is what builds championship caliber teams
Ingram really hasn't performed for us well this season
"Poor choice, Lamar. That was almost a first. God, man."
[deleted]
Fire Greg Roman stat
Queen just got manhandled
fart poop dook
Greg Roman needs to be woken the fuck up
Grounding!
HE JUMPED INTO HIS FUCKING HEAD ARE YOU KIDDING ME
Cut Skura immediately
"Cmon now that was just poor execution - papa harbaugh gotta be a little tougher, this is professional football"
Fucking shit. That's it
Dude. Skura needs to go I’m sorry
Skura ruining this game man
Should not be giving up that many yards on that play
Late hit of course
Should have taken Higgins over Queen
So what should this team do for next year?
Fuck the refs fuck SUkra fuck Greg Roman
Good call
THE RAVENS SUCK ITS OFFICIAL
[deleted]
[removed]
Newton is washed up.  He ain't half the man he used to me
"Hi my nama Borat, I likea you, I like sex"
"Turns out, we’re BIG phonies

Edit: Lmao at all the down votes. I still stand by what I said. I love this team but we’ve lost to the only two good teams we played. We had no business losing to the Steelers after the start we had. The Chiefs game goes as always. Yes we have injuries but so does every team."
"How much fun? Clearly not a lot of fun or he would have come up with some better plays. Just because we had a nice drive there, I’m not going to say it’s all okay now."
I'm so mad right now.
"Best WR is 5'2""......good job EDC"
I hope edc trades up in the draft and we can pick up a wr
This is gonna be al long night 😞
Go for it you pussies
I don’t wish injury on anyone but I wouldn’t be mad if Harris didn’t come back
lol what a trash team.
Lamar continues to make god awful decisions over and over again. And y’all optimists are smoking dick. This is a fucking bum ass team rn. And y’all are fucking wrong.
Fluker is so bad
"Andrews out for season now

Edit: was Boyle, my bad."
I’d like to take a moment to laugh at all the fucking idiots that tried to say us being 6-2 or whatever meant we were a playoff contending football team
Queen is still incompetent in coverage . Don’t reply and say “hEs oNlY a rOoKiE”. It’s the mid way point and he’s continually picked on
Queen should become associated with the bench after that effort
"Shit Lamar learn how to dump it off. Getting beat up


Edit: downvote if you want, but he regularly ignores checkdowns"
I’m ready to trade Hollywood
"New England looked like a playoff team tonight. If Newton can continue to play in a disciplined fashion, they will make the playoffs."
Somethin goin on behind the scenes 100%. 6-2 yet sideline nothing like last year.... Lamar sitting on bench by himself with his helmet on etc...
Bonds hurt.... thank goodness maybe he’ll be benched
Fuck the cheating patriots. Hope they suffer endless injuries
"Holy shit Lamar is pathetic, no urgency in this final drive"
I HATE THIS TEAM I HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAM
[removed]
"Y'all still dickride Brown even when he catches the ball, shit is sad lmao."
Bench Queen. Hes useless. Wheres my boy Fort
[removed]
"Do you think Dobbins gets a reduction because of the rain, he has had fumble issues"
I've always hated Cam tbh.
Make up call
TOM WHO?
Told y’all our passing offense is bad but I’m the fake fan
That JC Jackson guy is good. Probably one of the best db right now
LOL!!!
Game over
Skura is dogshit
Boyle(?) now... OMG
"Soooooo we’ve abandoned the run again

Cool cool cool

Fuck GRo"
[deleted]
Another bad choice from Lamar. Come on bro
[deleted]
Lamar has never won a big game in his whole career
You guys are 15 seconds ahead of my illegal stream
Harbaughs and losing control of their teams name a more iconic duo.
[removed]
This game is over. Everyone should be rooting for this team to lose out for a better draft pick
I also hate Newton with that damn hair. Just looks like a doofus 🤬 makes me angry when I see it
Jackson ain’t ever going to lead this team to a chip
How long y’all think Lamar will last in the league? 2025 at the latest for me
Patrick Queen is having arguably the worst game I’ve ever seen a ravens MLB have and he needs to be say immediately he ain’t ready.
This is fucking shit. Harbaugh needs to go too. He’s too far up his ass. we have insane talent and aren’t winning? Why? Because of the fucking coaching! Suck up the fucking cum and admit this isn’t working. This is insane
"We really suck this yr, downvote all you want. It’s the truth."
Patrick Queen = turd.
[removed]
Not bad for a running back
Lamar with the choke!
Said earlier they’re gonna lose 17-14. Stand by it.
"With this weather, feels like a game the ravens lose 17-14 because they make a few mistakes and the clock never stops running as both teams keep it on the ground."
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yo queen is straight trash
This is just not going to be our year fellas.  Defense is ok but has weaknesses and our offense is putrid.
I know injuries are hurting us but are we just bad in prime time games or what?
Sneed afraid of it. Lamar throwing up ambulance bills for these guys to catch.
flacco confirmed better than lamar?
[deleted]
Lol imagine what Mahomes will do to this panty wearing pussy defense if someone like Scameron is humiliating them.
"Ravens had NO ISSUES getting Flacco offensive weapons, WHY CANT WE GET LAMAR SOME WEAPONS???

Edit: yall can downvote me all you want idc, but yall cant tell me Flacco didnt have more offensive weapons than Lamar currently has. 
We havent had receivers like Boldin, Torrey Smith, and Steve Smith in a minute. 

Damn near the best receivers we’ve had and they were under Flacco."
This team needs a fucking down season so we can get a good defensive player or real WR.
[deleted]
This team is a pain to watch
Fucking idiots. I cant. Im turning this shit off
Lol let’s fucking go pats
When was the last time we won from behind
At minimum that Judon play is a DPI. The ball was in the air. Stupid play
"Ah thanks Lamer, let's put this shit defense back on the field.


Edit. Auto correct. Oops"
[removed]
[deleted]
It sucks watching this team. Really boring this year.
27-10 incoming.
That's an int but they wont overturn it
[removed]
"1. The offense has been figured out
2. Lamar can't throw outside the numbers
3. Hollywood Brown is garbage
4. This defense stil can't stop the run
5. Patrick Queen sucks"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Snead is so ass
[removed]
"PATRIOTS FAN HERE JUST WANTED TO SAY...

Joe flacco played better against us last week than Lamar has so far. Lamar is mega overrated."
[removed]
Marcus Peters can rot in hell. Fucking talentless cheap shot artist should be banned from the league. Did the Ravens hire Gregg Williams last week or something?
[removed]
Belee Dat
Lamar Jackson
Freaky L!
Lamar Jackson
Demeatrice Jr.
Lamar Jackson
Yessir
L FREAKY
"Every time I fuck my busty latina gamer girlfriend when she's on her period, my balls itch like a bitch afterwards. I gotta start tittyfucking her when it's shark week bro."
Happy cake day! 🍰
"That cardinals game is a true testament to this statement. Now I’m not saying deandre Hopkins caliber players grow on trees, but we gotta keep trying to find him a true number one or at least another weapon to add to our already promising tight end and young receiver core. Second round next year there should be a promising receiver there I pray to god we snag one and he actually pans out. I would love to see lamar with a great receiver he could just throw it up to."
"top 3 WRs don't really grow on trees, I'd settle for a top 32 one"
Dhop is the only Dhop caliber receiver in the world right now.
"Literally my thought. Who do we have on the team who could go up and make plays like that on their own? Our receivers we have rn are way too dependent on lamar throwing every ball perfectly. If we ever want the offense to take the next step we need to go get a true high caliber #1, something we ignored with flacco for years after that super bowl win. We can’t continue this cycle of mediocre wrs forever"
They don't exist. He is one of one
"We have Souljas, we just don’t use them. (NEVER!)"
Step 1: Find a Dhop caliber receiver
"Hollywood gets targets (10 in last 2 games?) and cant produce, our TEs are the only ones who catch contested passes. Reality is the heart aint there for our receivers yet."
"We got Dez, bro. Throw up the X"
"They don't even need a D-Hop like receiver, they just need a reliable guy and a OC that can utilize him. Imagine how dangerous this team could be with Andrews and a guy like Allen Robinson out there, could open up a lot of opportunities for Hollywood too."
Came here to say the same god damn thing
"I 100% agree. I really wanna hope Dez Bryant is that receiver, but he's been out for so long that I don't know"
A receiver with HALF the skill of Dhop would be the best WR we've ever had.
I guess no one remembers when AB was available and all those damn ppl said no....
"Everybody saw how the Bills offense looks so much more explosive and varied with Diggs too.

The same thing happened in Dallas with Dak. The Cowboys traded a 1st round pick mid-season for Amari Cooper...and Dak and the passing game took the fuck off and never looked back."
I think Lamar and our offense as a whole would benefit more with stud OL & TE. A good WR would be a luxury but Lamar’s skill set is better complimented by the big guys
What good will that do if he can't throw the ball to him...ravens fans stay feasting on shit
Lol second round dhop caliber receiver
I'm agitated by the FO putting so much resources into the defense just for them to choke against a 3-5 team while they neglect the offense. It's a problem that they don't seem pressed to get Lamar better weapons.
Allen Robinson will be available
Why is this sub so obsessed with getting a top wr? We could have prime randy moss on this squad and he would be nothing more than a top 32 player. There is no wr in existence that can make a play without targets
[deleted]
""
I’ve seen way too many of these games this year where everyone predicts the same winner then they get smoked
"Damn, good job Mike."
And now Mike has the best record of the bunch.
[deleted]
Mike’s paid for clicks - gotta create that content for NBCSports
It seems like all of them are just 50%.
Well he was right.
How about now?
[deleted]
Straight up disrespectful that you aren’t rooting against us.
"If the Steelers were playing the Pats, I’d be the biggest Pats fan that night. Fuck the Steelers."
"I’d maybe, maybe, understand if you were fighting with the Pats for a 1 seed, but they’re 3-5. why in the world are you cheering for us?"
"Last year we often ran a 3TE set and obviously found a lot of success. We haven't ran it much if at all since trading Hurst, why do we not run it with Ricard?"
We did run it with Ricard earlier in the year and it didnt work.
"Ricard & Boyle aren't enough of a threat to catch passes. Teams just stack 9-10 in the box & crush the run because they know what's coming. With Boyle, Hurst, and Andrews out there, teams had to respect the PA pass. Now? Bracket Andrews with a Safety & CB, your other corner can watch Boyle, and don't bother because Ricard isn't catching a pass. That leaves 8-9 guys to stop the Run or pressure the QB."
""
If we lose to this team we are officially pretenders this year
"Pats are 3-5, not exactly playoff caliber this season"
"Probably not, just like the browns."
"If we lose it’s a big game, if we win it’s beating a mediocre injured team. Regardless we need to do our job and win"
Any game we lose will be a “big game”
I don’t think this is a big game since it doesn’t have a big effect on whether or not we make the playoffs and it’s still relatively early.
according to the media yes
""
Id rather target Duv over Hollywood at this point. At least he’s willing to get some YAC.
I HAVE BEEN SCREAMING THIS THE MAN MAKES PLAYS
Swap him with Hollywood
He’s better than Hollywood. I’m ready to admit
Lots of talent on the field
and terrell bonds
"Lamar, Cam and Mark. Whose the 4th?"
God I love this
""
hopefully it blows over. I’m from eastern NY and you guys are getting the after math of our storm from earlier. It blew through fairly quick but it was not pretty
Be safe.
Didn’t realize they had tornados that far north tbh
[removed]
[deleted]
"The Ravens really need to tighten up their discipline on the field.  We get way too many penalties and we are opening ourselves up to allow the referees to screw us in critical moments.

I could argue many of the penalties seem a bit ticky/tacky, but they are still penalties most of the time."
Idk The first was unfortunate. He missed the fair catch  call and the second was garbage
Flag was bs
"If our penalties are bad, it should be pretty easy to show on a chart or website. Could you present some evidence?"
[deleted]
""
already am
I’m not having a good time
Isn’t Justin Ellis supposed to be good just by being fat?
Hopefully they can get some healthy run stoppers back for next week!
We need to throw away this whole season for a  better draft.......
[deleted]
Does Patrick Queen just not know how to cover? That play was completely locked up by everybody and he blew coverage on a throw made by a freakin wr
"Right?! Also, how did Elliot not see it coming either? That was so obvious"
Bill's out here making queen look like a fool
""
"the interior O-line was playing very mediocre before the Stanley injury anyway. Also don’t forget Phillips is out, and Fluker is technically out of position"
But who will fill that spot?
We need to draft a tackle in the middle rounds to groom and replace OBJ with but at the same time to be a high level backup for Stanley or OBJ should either go down.
Yeah we have our B team out here
""
It’s just him forcing it downfield. Idk why he made that decision. We just needed 5 or 10 for a tuck fg and we go into half tied. Instead we’re down 3 and we can’t stop their offense whatsoever
It would be a pretty funny sight if Hollywood actually Mossed someone though. That corner would be getting clowned for the rest of the Season.
"That was a bad throw.  Should have been infront of him to the boundary.  Too far inside and too on a rope.  Not a bad decision, that's basically the same decision he made against Arizona when hollywood iced the game.  ."
What's the point of having soldiers if they cant get open or drop the ball all the time?
"Meanwhile just another week of Duvernay being completely underutilized. It's infuriating to watch. He will be our best receiver next year when Harbaugh decides hes allowed to play (seriously what is with Harbaugh not playing rookies unless he absolutely has to?). We should be using him the same way the saints use Michael Thomas. Slants and screens, get him the ball underneath in space and let him do his thing. Hes electric with the ball in his hands. And spoiler alert, getting quick hitters to a guy like duvernay to complement Dobbins and edwards running (seriously Ingram shouldn't see the field at all) will open things up for brown deep. Zzz"
"That endzone throw is a route that Boykin should be running, not our 5'9 WR."
"The Cardinals just won a game because they have a #1 WR who can singlehandedly beat triple coverage. 

If he doesn't outrun the DB by at least 5-7 yards, Hollywood can't even beat single coverage. 

He's 5'9"" on a good day, the average NFL DB is just a shade under six feet, literally all they have to do is keep relatively close and he's out of the play unless Lamar throws him a pinpoint-perfect ball. He's not out-jumping them, he's not out-muscling them, all he can do is outrun them, and while he might be faster than them, he's not faster by a big enough margin to make it work as often as an NFL-level WR1 needs to.

Should we be doing more to scheme around our weaknesses? Absolutely. Hollywood's tiny and fast, so move him around, don't just have him line up as an X and call it a day, get him in space, put him against linebackers where his speed can spring him open in space. There's talent there, and smart coordinators make use of that talent as effectively as possible. Look at how the Patriots used to operate with Brady. They had Gronk and a bunch of tiny slot receivers like Edelman and Welker, but they made it work with smart reads and good scheming. 

We can get good production from Hollywood. Probably not 100+ catch, 1200+ yard production, but more than enough to thrive in a run-heavy offense that doesn't throw a lot of passes for a lot of yards. We just Greg to use him to the best of his skillset, rather than trying to shove a square peg into a round hole. 

That said, you don't have to scheme around the weaknesses of a #1 WR. Unless he starts putting in the work to develop the kind of route-running perfection his cousin used to shake defenders in spite of his size, he's not an NFL WR1, and the longer the Ravens expect him to be one, the more disappointed they're going to keep being. Again, look at the kind of boon Nuk has been for Murray. Look at what Diggs is able to do for Allen. Shit, not just the young guys, look at what Metcalf is doing for Russ. We need to get Lamar a real #1 this offseason. Not a retread who hasn't played in years, not a speedy guy who's so tiny he makes our RBs look like OTs. Whether it's a trade or a draft, get Lamar a real target."
truuu
"Hollywood won't stay a Raven. He'll eventually be cut. He's a bust.   
I didn't like the pick when they made it and I still don't. 

If they move him to a slot #3 WR, then I'm happy and fine with that. He's not a #1 or #2 on this team or league."
Right!!! That's not his game...
"I love Hollywood and have never (Don't think have) said shit about him here before, but this man... He's not going to make it long the way he plays.

&#x200B;

In his mind he is Jerry Rice (Took a lot not to type his stupid ass cousin here)

&#x200B;

He is not... yet.   
I'd love to see this work out, but in the long run don't..."
"Yet a one trick pony is Lamar's no. 1 WR.

The same way Desean Jackson, or Will Fuller, or Ted Ginn Jr are not No. 1 WRs.

Neither is Hollywood.

Lamar BEGGED the Front Office to go get Brown's cousin and the Front Office went and got Dez Bryant instead.

Just awful."
Put Brown in the slot. Change his routes. 90% of browns routes are go routes
I know who's going to be wishing for a WR for Christmas.
The Hollywood pick was a luxury pick. Dude does not fit in here.
"He's also, what, 6 inches shorter than Moss? He's not a big body, jump ball kind of receiver like Moss and Megatron. He's more like a Jerry Rice."
Yep. And that’s what I hope we can get out of Dez.
Roman totally told him to take a shot there. Don’t think anyone in the right mind would force it in there
[deleted]
[removed]
At least until he stops running lazy routes. We can only blame GR for so much.
Don't understand why the qb even throws to him when theres 0 seperation?
We need to use our Souljas.
For a guy that's sposed to have game breaking speed he sure spends a lot of time in opposing DB's hip pockets.
It's not working.
Supposed to be a sub 4.30 burner yet can’t get separation on a simple go route
He is not a number one receiver! I though everyone already surpassed that point. Trying to fit a ball without him getting separation will always turn out either on a pick or an incompletion...the guy will not moss over anybody. Pointless
We could’ve had DK
Right if hes not burning folks he should not be targeted
Should’ve gotten DK.
"Ngl, I’m getting mad that we chose Hollywood over AJ Brown and Metcalf. He had his chances tonight, and failed miserably. As much as I hate Roman, he has to deliver too, and prove he can."
"I hope this game humbled Hollywood a little bit, because he's clearly not as good as he thinks he is."
"Can't believe that throw.. He decided that ball was going to Brown presnap, just unbelievable. But we still got this!"
He’s Ted Ginn with a cool nickname at this point.
"Looks like everyone is coming to my way of thinking.

Marquise Brown sucks."
Trade this guy or something. Clearly Lamar is too tight with him to the point where he is forcing balls into double coverage
And trying to pass to Brown again on 4th.
And it looked like he was going to have a breakout year.
"Hollywood is a #3 WR at best in the NFL. 

He needs to be in the slot. Until then, he's a bust and wasted draft pick. Didn't like it then and he's not convinced me to like it since."
"2019 WR Draft Class (Hollywood to Boykins)

1. **Marquise Brown, BAL**
2. N'Keal Harry, NE
3. Deebo Samuel, SF
4. A.J. Brown, TEN
5. Mecole Hardman, KC
6. JJ Arcega-Whiteside, PHI
7. Paris Campbell, IND
8. DK Metcalf, SEA
9. Dionte Johnson, PIT
10.  Jalen Hurd, SF
11. Terry McLaurin, WAS
12. **Miles Boykins, BAL**"
Funny. I thought the same thing when Lamar threw that long pass. He needs to shut up and get better at playing his position.
"Ya'll did see Hollywood get overthrown for a TD last night, right? That INT wasn't on him either. It was perfectly thrown for the CB, outside and short. A lot of this is on the o-line not giving Lamar time and the other WRs not taking some pressure/attention off. Hollywood isn't blameless but he's been missed a lot this season and that's on others when it happens."
"Everyone last season: ""Man I love Hollywood and Lamar""

Now: ""Lamar sucks and we should've gotten DK""

It's pretty easy to tell the difference between Ravens fans and the bandwagons that hopped on after Lamar was popping."
DK would not be good for this team so can we just stop with it every week. AJ Brown is a miss. McLaurin is a miss. DK is a straight line burner who we would be getting 4 targets a game if that.
[removed]
"If this pick doesn't prove that we need a WR, I don't know what does. We need a guy to bail Lamar out. I completely understand we have a lot of guys injured and I'm trying to approach this with a level head, but Hollywood ain't it. He has the potential of being a great ""side"" guy when there are multiple options, but in no way is a #1. That just proved it."
"I honestly think that that’s what they’re gonna go in at halftime talking about. Hollywood hasn’t separated all night, time to move him somewhere and see what Duvernay/Proche can do."
Why would Lamar even throw to him? There was zero seperation and you still have a time out to work with.
This is pointless right now. Brown can’t catch these balls without getting separation. He is a slot receiver (always dunking afraid of getting hit) at best!
"He's like a smaller, slower Jacoby Jones and this dude is considered their number one. Guy is such a disappointment."
Guy spends more time trying to play the game like madden but when it's time to catch the ball his controller dies
I also think the issue is our play calling is so basic and unoriginal anyone could cover our WRs
[removed]
We literally won from behind last week.
"I guess this is your first week on the bandwagon, because the Ravens were losing at half against the Colts last week. Did you stop watching then?"
hope this is sarcastic
"Go back to wherever you came from, band wagoner"
but don’t the pats have a bottom 6 or so rushing defense?
27th I think
31st run defense
[deleted]
"He’s not a bust, these overreactions are getting dumber and dumber."
We shoulda got DK
""
Eat ass?
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Does anyone else see the passes going to Brown being perfect for Dez/Boykin(hear me out). Hollywood isn’t big and isn’t a physical receiver, he’s just “fast”. Those throws showed me that a Allen Robinson/ Brandon Marshall/ DJ Chark type is a necessity here."
"Those passes are for everyone that has some height and/or plays with physicality, so yes Brown must be on the bench looking..."
Dez woulda caught that
Underthrown?
Hope we can steal Auden Tate from Cincy this off-season. He's buried behind a stacked WR corps but he'd be perfect for this offense
Every1 not name Greg Roman sees it..
Boykin isn’t a physical receiver. I dare say Hollywood fights more for the ball and takes bigger hits.
Boykin is so slow. So slow. He doesn't even look like he belongs on an NFL field.
Greg Roman and Hollywood must go
[deleted]
Queen looks lost out there. Twice he let the runner run past untouched this drive
[removed]
Really not looking good going forward..
Campbell and Williams. Titans coming up.. YIKES!
Injuries are so bad right now. Even if we make the playoffs we're not gonna have a team anymore.
"Our Season is over and our future looks terrible. We have aging and injury prone guys. We have zero depth ,No replacement TE at all , Below average WRs  ,Oline is playing worse.

I’m trying not to be a doomer but it’s hard right now"
"This is just my opinion as a Browns fans. I like Lamar and really respect him. From the beginning even before the ‘18 draft I never thought Lamar would be this good but Harbs has done a great job with him. 

I think his current struggles are on the OC and not Lamar. I kinda compare it to Keap and the 49ers when Roman was the OC there. Keap in his first full season under Roman in ‘13 had a very good season, nothing like Jackson’s first full season but both had very good seasons under Roman. But about 6 games into Keaps 2nd season as a starter under Roman, the wheels started to fall off the offense. I think it’s very similar what is going on with the offense. I don’t think it’s defenses finally figuring out Lamar, it’s just defenses are figuring out Roman’s scheme.

Feel like harbs needs to force Roman to adapt a little bit as an OC or they need to get a new OC."
We know
Everyone thinks/knows that. He’s a fraud
We've been saying this shit since week 2 lmfao
"thanks, but we all know this and have known this for weeks."
Real fucking hot take this one
"Hey everyone, pay attention. A Browns fan has been able to identify this team's issues!"
"What. The. Fuck.

Also Fire. Greg. Roman."
I prefer Fire Greg Roman
"Calm down, there’s still a lot of game left to play."
Matt Skura sucks
Cut. Matt. Skura.
Nooooo. Not. Boyle.
Fire Roman. Hes been garbage all year and just doesnt seem to get better at all. Literally just trying random shit every game.
Fire. Greg. Roman.
We.fucking. Suck
The only expectation I have anymore is that this team will find new ways to dissapoint
On 4th and 1 in the pouring fucking rain Romans dumb ass calls wildcat for the first time this year. Get that fucking dumbass out of there.
They called a wildcat against the Texans on a 4th and 1? to Ingram.
"I would love to just be able to hear what the fuck was going through his head, that made him say “Wildcat in the rain on a 4th and 1, is genius”"
"Came here to make this post.

&#x200B;

You have Lamar fckn Jackson at QB. Why is direct snap to a RB even an option?

&#x200B;

Roman should be gone, for everything before that play this season, or just for THAT call. Amazingly terrible."
Has greg Roman heard of this nifty play called the qb sneak
Greg Roman has been holding this offense back. He has to go now its unacceptable to make that playcall.
Please please please fire him
I wonder if he makes that call if he was actually standing out on the sideline in the pissing rain. Probably.
There are so many other reasons to be upset about this game. Calling for Romans head for that is at the bottom of that list.
The play call was fine. The execution (specifically the snap) are what sucked.
"I have never, ever seen a dumber fucking call in a Ravens game. Never. What the fucking hell are you thinking?"
""
Legitimately one of the worst playcalls I have ever seen. I could talk for hours about why that was a stupid idea.
"He won't get let go because of the rain and injuries this week, I'm sure he won't be let go because the offense scores 20 and barely loses next week, and then by week 13 when our season hangs on the line of winning out we'll maybe, just maybe, make a change."
Don't be ridiculous. He has no clue it's on fire.
On 2nd and goal and 3rd and goal in a 7-7 game he had Justice Hill in the game!  WTF?
\#1 Rushing offense vs 31st ranked rushing defense in DVOA and he dials that up
"Any interviewer after this game please:

""Greg, did you ever consider, given the issues with the snaps, to run some plays from under center?""

""Greg, why in a game with torrential rain did you only hand the ball of 17 times?"""
Jesus christ when was the last time we had a good offensive coordinator?
"There's a lot of reasons to make him give up playcalling responsibilities. But one thing that always makes me unrationally angry is seeing coordinators always in the booth. 

Like get on the sideline and actually talk to your team!!"
Please fire him
Too wet for any fire.
""
 Who? All I know is Matthew Ju-Don
"He said that, and then they showed Mcphee in the play they were talking about lmao"
Where the hell has Yannack been?
Still hurting from letting Za’darius walk
"Mandatory dumbfuck flag from Judon, gotta have one every game"
I remember earlier this season when Marlon Humphrey was our best rusher.
"I mean he is.
Sad to say."
He logged his 3rd sack on the season and his first sack against someone that wasn't on the Washington Football Team!
[deleted]
welcome to camp “it’s lamars fault when the ravens lose but he’s never the reason they win”
Doesn’t matter tomorrow we’re going to get blasted by the media like the clippers got blasted after their Meltdown
"Its a toxic cocktail of new fans not being around for the Pre-Flacco and post 2014 Flacco era, the increased expectations for an MVP quarterback, some genuine areas of improvement and honestly some groups who want to see someone like Lamar, who doesn’t fit a more traditional QB mold, fail."
I’ve never been so sad in my life 😞
"Im glad it's not just us normal fans who have some football knowledge. 

Yes, Lamar has made some questionable decisions this year and last year... ( who doesn't) the difference  this year is the fact that the ball isnt rolling his way and there aren't explosive plays to make up for everything that is going wrong. 

Ravens are in a strange place because they seem to be trying to run a new Offense with less personnel and Lamar is forcing the ball to covered players. I assume he is either just trying to make something out of nothing or just not reading the plays. The WR aren't really getting separation as much as they did last year."
"It's the reverse of the Flacco Era. Back then, anything good was because of everyone but Flacco, and he was to blame for all losses."
[removed]
"I GOT TRUSS


PRAYERS UP FOR BOYLE. ITS LIKE 2015 all over again 🥺"
"He can. 
Our receivers can't."
The bigger question is can the defense stop the run without Williams and Campbell.
I think the question is will the defense decide to show up or have an extra bye week
Skura has other ideas....
He can't.
[removed]
He left Boyle out to dry...
""
Please take this guys leg instead!!!
Our season is done
Hoping for the best.
"His season is over, wish the best for his recovery"
Tough bastard didnt even looked fazed as he was carted off. Hoping for a speedy and fully healthy recovery.
They should go win it for Boyles
"Man. Hope it’s just a hyper extended kinda deal. Looked bad. 

Injuries killing us this year."
Mad respect for the Patriots who immediately called for help. That *crack* echoed throughout the stadium.
I’m sick.
pain.
Best of wishes that he heals quickly. That hit was sickening to watch.
Im gonna cry over this one genuinely my favorite player on the offense.  Best hands among the pass catchers and an incredible blocker.
"This season is so ""2020""..injury bug is killin us this season..come on 2021"
"Prayers to the big homie Nick. Does Dez get a shot now, and do we see some spread out WR sets? Cause that might be interesting 🤔"
Sending well wishes to Boyle. Hope it's not too bad and he comes back healthy.
I heard a crack. I hope his career isn't over.
That injury looked brutal.
That hit reminds me of the one put on Dustin Keller’s leg by DJ Swearinger
Pats fan checking in here - hoping Boyle recovers well and can come back next season and play for y’all. Hate these type of injuries regardless of who’s playing. Good luck on the rest of the season.
"Pats fan, coming in peace and concern.  All the best for Boyle’s recovery.  And bless all the remaining knees...."
Dirty play
"Sending as much good juju as I can muster. Recovery smoothly, Nick."
That injury was hard to watch.  Hoping for a full and speedy recovery for Nick.
Omg this is some Dennis Pitta PTSD all over again. We dont have TEs anymore
Coming in peace. That looked gnarly hoping for the best. 💜🖤
I hope that wasn't a broken hip. It looked bad.
RIP
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"I mean, that penalty on him was really weak and I think he actually got the first sack on Cam today. I’m more concerned I’m not hearing anything from Yannick given we traded for him. I do think he’s pressuring but need to see sacks"
"Judon had a good game made some nice plays and that call on him was pretty shit, guy wasnt a receiver or defenseless but it was a little unnecessary"
Cuz he sucks. The good plays he made tonight? He should be doing that *all* the time.
[deleted]
"I swear half the ppl on this sub aren't true Ravens fan.

We lost 6 games the year we won the super bowl and you wanna forfeit the season. We don't need fans like you"
As Boyle leg just snapped... sign me up!
"We have a pretty cake schedule so we will win at least 9-10, get bounced first round, and not have a great draft pick."
"What does the league expect when they spent the last 3 years calling shoulder to shoulder hits as helmet to helmet, players are going to go low to avoid and destroy knees. 

Surprised it doesn’t happen more."
Bruh. We’re gonna go 11-5 this year. Don’t sweat it. Hopefully get somewhere in the draft. Rinse and repeat
now that the season's over...
God I would’ve hated to see how you’d react in 2012 when we lost to the Charlie Batch lead Steelers
A new offensive coordinator.
Dude calm down. Don’t be so reactionary.
"The seasons not over, but this is a good question. Lots of spots to fill that need first round talent"
[deleted]
Christ! A center!
This team needs a receiver BAD
I’m not the doom and gloom type of guy but yeah we’re fucked . We’re missing key players everywhere and our guys are getting older and coming off injuries with Boyle out .Id like to see us invest heavily into TE and OL
Hopefully Jamarr Chase is around.
Leon Sandcastle if he falls to us.
""
Win it for Boyles Big Trusss
WE GOT THIS BOYS. FAITH
Truzz!
Lamar has been balling man. Pls defense
I’m with you! Impressed with Jackson and the offense. These defense injuries are unfortunate. Nick Boyle 🙏.
I beleeeeeeeeeve the defense will let us down
"First things first, prayers for Nick Boyle. 

We are currently only down ONE SCORE and all these ppl saying to end the game and forfeit the season.

This is BMORE. We battle through adversity. We rise up. How quickly these new fans forget the turmoil we went through in 2012 before we won it all.

I get that this is probably the most season ending injuries this team has had in one season maybe ever but it's football. Nobody on this roster is going to give up cus of injuries and it's sickening how everyone on this sub is. You think Boyle wants to forfeit the season because he hurt his leg? Fuck outta here. 

TRUZZ for life"
"Anyone else in here for Ravens Jags in 2011 on MNF

That was a highlight for me, really"
Some people have never experienced kyle boller
"I feel like this gets posted every time we lose. 

People have the right to be mad after a loss"
"You can be a true fan and still call out poor execution, play calling, and body language. We had all three tonight."
Imma probably get downvoted but calling out our team for being fucking trash against a team we shouldn’t beat isn’t being a fake fan. These positive posts every time we play like ass are getting kinda tiring
"Even if we lose, it’s not the end of the season."
"Let us be mad that we lost to a bad team.

I live in fucking Australia and have gotten up at 5am to watch every single game for years, I am as authentic a fan as can be.

Doesn't mean I'm not pissed off at this team."
Spoken like an Orioles fan.
Listen I get it. Be optimistic. But being a Ravens fan since the day I was born and watching football since I can remember this team is really concerning. Lamar is having a rough season. Play calling is disgusting. O line can’t avoid penalties. Defense isn’t consistent. The list goes on. AFC is stacked with good teams and I can’t see us beating them in January this year. It’s fine to be realistic.
"The fake fans are the ones that think everything is hunky dory gonlcuky happy. We can’t be content with losing to a 3-5 pats. Weather isn’t to blame, they had to play in it too. It’s our own play to blame. Sorry some of us actually care about improving and getting better through a game/season/career. When coaches and players don’t, we call them out. When coaches and players never improve, we want them gone. It’s not that hard. We want to win and be competitive and this lineup does not give us that"
"One of my biggest pet peeves on sports forums is loyalty policing. At the end of the day sports teams are a product and fans are entitled to feel however they want. (edit: As long as they aren't hurting/harassing anyone) 

That said: 

This game was an aberration

I don't think you can assume we're not going to be able to snap the ball and its not going to be a typhoon in January.

And this is the PATRIOTS. They may have gotten off to a slow start this season but they didn't have full camp with their new QB. They are better than the record IMO."
Shut the fuck up. I’m a fan of this team and I’ll call shit out if I see it.
"Gotta disagree with this post. No one's saying end the season, you're being dramatic. People are frustrated with Roman's play calls, the dropped passes, some weak throws, Judon consistently being an idiot, etc. 

Totally agree part of being a fan is battling through adversity, the struggle is part of the game. However- ""fake fans"" are ones who only watch when teams are good, ie Americans suddenly caring about soccer during the World Cup. What we're actually seeing in this sub is a lot of fans getting disappointed in how the season's going. To be fair, they've still had a good season so far. But this is NOT the team they were last year. Everyone knows that. Part of it is missing Yanda, a lot of it is bad coaching and play calls, a lot of it is injuries. 

Part of being a real fan is acknowledging your team has weaknesses. Some fans here don't want to here anything remotely negative or critical. I'm all for being supportive and sticking with them through the season, but if you're the type of fan who refuses to hear anything critical, you're not what I'd consider a ""real fan"". Real fans listen to criticism because they know there's always room for improvement. A real fanbase is dedicated and loyal, but isn't an echochamber. Good fanbases are critical so that they can make the team better."
"The game subs are for quick/gut/real time reaction. You’re not going to get measured responses, ESPECIALLY when the team looks like this.  You know it will be people venting during a loss so why join if you don’t like it?

Pointing out obvious flaws and being mad about them doesn’t make you a fake fan. Honestly don’t know how many times that needs to be said."
"This aged well.

Look, people have a right to be negative just as much as you have a right to be positive. I get you want to remain positive and try to look at the bright side, but the fact of the matter is we’re underperforming, injured, and have a bad OC. Remain positive if you want to, but don’t tell others how they should feel about something and maybe refrain from calling people fake fans."
We have had the same problems on offense all season and nothing has been fixed. Now our team is being decimated by injuries. Fuck off with these stupid posts. We should be concerned. We have played bad in more than 3 games.
"You say fake ravens fans but I see people who realize what pretenders we are. We’ve looked like shit in almost every single game, win or loss. Let’s not act like everything is sunshine and daisies when the team isn’t all that great. Just trying to be real here. I’ve been a fan since 2005 so spare me the fake fan crap."
"Look, let those that are going to leave, leave. I'm still going to route for the Ravens to smash the Titans next week, and even if we lose that, I'll route for them to end the Steelers bullshit undefeated season. And if they lose that, ima still ride or die.

But...

This team was put together to win the superbowl, heralded as a top 4 contender. Fans have the right to be upset about that, because at current pace (*yes there are injuries) we arent even top 4 in the AFC.

Let the bandwagons hop, but fans of this team should be pissed the fuck off, if you're not, id say that's soft. This sunshine and rainbows shit may fly for west coast teams, but it's not the ravens I know."
"This post always pops up every time the Ravens play poorly.  Can people not allow others to complain when we lose to a New England team that I don't think anyone on the planet thought would score more than 14 points against us, let alone be able to beat us?  Or a team that almost allowed Cam Newton to throw for two TD's when he had two total coming into this game?  Get off the high horse where you think you can label someone a ""fake"" fan just because he/she is calling out uninspiring gameplay.

If this team goes on to win out and finish 13-3 and win the Super Bowl, I'll be celebrating along with everyone else.  But that doesn't mean I'm going to apologize for criticizing the team in Week 10.  The same people saying that we should all be sitting in a circle singing ""Kumbaya"" and praising the team are probably the ones who also have been clamoring for Greg Roman to be fired for the last four weeks.  If you want to act like there are no issues with this team just because we're 6-3 and have a winning record, go ahead.  But don't act like you're more of a fan just because you feel that way.  I've been a fan since this team came into existence, and I'll call them out for playing like trash when that's what they're doing."
doesn't feel like its our year.
"Yessirrr !! Every Ravens fan knows, it just ain’t a Ravens’ Regular Season without some injuries lol 
I’ll be honest, I love when Ravens are “underdogs” or facing adversity, I feel like they play with more aggressiveness and passion. I’m hoping the rain calms down a lil, it would help a lot."
"Offensive looks great minus the botched snap on 4th and the INT. If defense decides to show up despite the injuries, I am confident. 😈"
"Fake fans? No it’s fans calling out the shit play from this team. I don’t drink the kool aid. I’m a realist. This team may make the playoffs, but they aren’t doing anything more than that"
"I just wanna see some positivity up in here instead of this toxic bullshit.

It fucking sucks that Boyle had to go down like that and that we've had so many injuries this year but I for one am not counting this team out. We feast on adversity. As Ray Lewis once said ""It's time to rise up"""
Game over...still down a score. Now what
"Its all well and good but we need to come to terms with how badly mangled this team is right now - missing Campbell, Williams, Fort, Tavon, Jimmy Smith on defense and then Stanley and now Boyle on offense which has just turned the offensive line into a dog's breakfast.  Like I just don't think we have the ponies to be very good as it stands."
Fuck that. I’ve been a fan of this team since they came back to Baltimore. I’ve seen better attempts at a4th quarter comeback drive from Kyle Fucking Boller. Wtf was that?
"Everyone just wants to fire the coordinator whenever things aren’t going perfect. 

Hope Boyle isn’t in pain right now and the defense can get some stops and we pull out this W"
"Yeah, we lost but we're still 6-3. Expectations were high, but come the fuck on. It's still been a good season so far.

And we shouldn't be calling fans fake. they are real fans. They suck all of the enjoyment out of the game day threads. They are basically babies who can't handle adversity. But they are real fans who like the team just as much as everyone else."
"Bears fan here. In Peace. In Respect.

Love what you guys have been doing!

Want to see some toxic negativity? Check out our sub. We had that one successful season in 18’ and since then every game we lose its “fire Nagy, fire Pace, sell the team”

Keep the faith. Real fans stick around.

And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor, Shall be lifted—nevermore!"
I remember in 2018 and during the Broncos game I said to keep our heads up we can still win and got downvoted. We eventually won that game but I’m pretty sure the sub has had the same mentality for a while.
"People love to say: ""some fans have never experienced Kyle Boller"" but that's exactly it, we have Lamar Jackson, not Kyle Boller, and this team should be doing more because of it."
We’re all riding this massive high from 2019 and have been crashing since the Titans game. Fortunately we’re still in it but it hurts to be sent crashing back to earth so fast.
There is quit in this team. *THAT* is the difference.
"Lmao it's like everything that hits the top of /r/ravens is cringeworthy pasta

I strongly agree with the first line, but everything after it is hilarious"
"I'm frustrated and disappointed, but those are the same feelings I had a decade ago. Remember that loss in Atlanta Week 10 in 2010? Remember Week 10 to the Seahawks in 2011? And like you said, the hellish end to 2012?    

I think the high of last year just made us think the sky is the limit once again, but with the Steelers flying higher than us and we're back to where we should be (which is still a solid spot to be in) it's a bit of a smack in the face to be like ""Woah, what happened here?""   

2020 has just been rough in general, but long term, we're going to have a hell of a lot of fun cheering for this franchise. After Flacco was drafted in 2008, we went on a 5 year run where we probably could have won 4 Super Bowls if we had a few bounces go our way. Lamar is 23 - the same age Joe was when he got drafted. We're going to be fine."
"Been a Ravens fan since '05 and a quote that sums up this team most years that I love is Harbaugh's after the Super Bowl win: ""It wasn't pretty, it wasn't perfect but it was US!"" 

Last season, it was so easy for a young/casual fan to hop on the bandwagon. This season is more in line with a typical Harbaugh year. A mostly solid team with some notable flaws, overcoming key injuries and some great wins and a few disappointing losses. 

Personally, I don't think the Ravens will win the title this year. I had my reservations going into the season and Chiefs loss was so ugly, it forced to reevaluate expectations. That said, the core of the tem is still very strong and they will be in the hunt for years. Yuo can't ask for much more than that as a fan."
uh oh the Loyalty Cops are here. Everyone scram!!
"Pussy attitude. I want more not this bullshit were given.

We pay for merchandise and with our time to watch this shit, we expect better.

Don't whine for millions and put out a shit product 🤷‍♂️"
SKURA! had a tough game!
Onto the Titans
I kinda expected this loss ngl
I don’t see anyone saying to end the season because he went down. True ravens fans down care who has the jersey on. They cheer for the ravens no matter who wears that beautiful jersey
We keep not adjusting. We're not fake fans for being confused and angry that the team refuses to play to its strengths.
They disagree with you therefore they're fake. That logic isn't sound.
[deleted]
"I know this is a hot take. But at least the game wasn’t decided by Jackson, or at least Jackson shouldn’t feel like it’s his fault. He’s a good leader for the team. He will always take the blame or responsibility for the loss or things not working out. But today I finally feel like he shouldn’t. He had a meaningless interception. His receivers had dropped passes which with the weather not full blame. But man we committed ALOT of penalties. We are starting to rack up the injuries like the 49ers. But to take those losses especially mid game and still only lose by six. Count your blessings. Could have absolutely been worse on the scoreboard. Let’s hope injuries aren’t too long lasting. We have playoffs to go to."
"In the topic of fake fans. I'm new to posting here on this sub, but not a new Ravens fan. I live in central Ohio. I admit I was a Browns fan when all of my family that watched NFL were Bengals fans. I followed the team out of Cleveland and watched the team become the Baltimore Ravens. That was something special. Are we allowed to be upset, absolutely. Prayers for all the players that are injured. I knew this game wasn't a given. My uncle who is like my second father is a huge Bengals fan. He has been a season ticket holder for the Bengals for the last 25 years. Every year for my birthday he gives me one of his Ravens tickets.   My happy ass will be cheering from Paul Brown stadium on January 3rd. Last year we saw Lamar break out with his infamous juke sequence, run, and sit on the bench with his hater blockers. My uncle said, ""you know that makes me sick, right?"" I said sit down shut up."
"I'm a Ravens fans since 2018 (since I started watching football) and I'm kinda sad when I see the comments that there are ""fans"" who loved the Ravens but after the loss to the Steelers they will go to Dolphins, ""because they know what to to with young talents"". And yes I also think Lamar isn't playing like he's MVP season. But he was the MVP he knows how to play he will come back he can only grow. We stand at 6-3 and we still can make the playoffs."
"I’m sticking with my 11-5 prediction, hopefully get a playoff win this year. As high as expectations are people have to remember how incredibly young the core of this team is. Give it a few years, if the fans don’t run off too many players and play calling improves, I still think the ravens have something special"
"It was frustrating to say the least watching the outcome of the game and the opportunities there.
Injuries, bad timing and the weather wasn’t ideal. 

We played a Patriots team who still has Belichik as their head coach and dude has a hard on for handing us Ls. 

We are 6-3 in a very exciting and tough division. 

I’m still with Baltimore, Today and Forever."
"Win lose or tie, ravens fan until I die"
Delete this shit. Gate keeping is trash. Sure there are bandwagons but when a team with high hopes looks like dogshit on national tv TWICE it's not a good look and fans are allowed to be mad.
Fire Greg Roman :)
"Theres a ton of shitty poisonous takes in this sub.  Even if we lose were we're 6-3 and still in it.  Fuck these ""sell the whole team"" takes"
"football often has close games, even if you think the team your playing isn't great. Everyone on the field is a professional athlete and can has a chance of making great plays."
You don't battle through adversity. Your team does.
I watched 5-11. We will be fine
Injuries and not addressing big needs two of our main issues I love my team but I'm disappointed
That was tough but I feel like we know what our problems are
"Some people never care about always improving and striving to be a better player and working out your weaknesses. Oh wait, y’all are content with that"
We are the David of the NFL. We always have to slay Goliath ( Tom and now Mahomes). Nothing new lol.
Looks like we gotta bank on the Os this year... that being said we dropped 5 out of our last 6 in 2012 and the rest is history truzz
Any updates on Boyle? I had to finish up my homework so I didn’t hear any and I can’t find any anywhere
I hope we permaban them.
"I think we get shit on disproportionately by the media. Everyone wants to shit on the small market team, especially when they have rivalries with two of the biggest national markets, the Steelers and the Patriots, to appease. It ticking sucks to lose a trap game like this but that’s why they are trap games. This is still a 10+ win season and the Ravens aren’t regressing, it’s just really REALLY hard to have a consecutive #1 regular season, let alone with getting smacked with the injury carousel."
Honestly was good to see us open up the passing game... we'll get better
I love our qb don’t get me wrong but he has to take some responsibility if he wants to be a leader for this team. Why the hell doesn’t he step up and say “ our center sucks right now lets maybe take some snaps under center?”  Like a real goddamn qb would. Why be in shotgun in the pouring rain all game when the center has been hiking the ball to the ref all game. I know it’s partly the OC fault but lamar has to have some say in the offensive play calling
People react differently. I wouldnt call them fake. I’d say finicky. A friend in RL acts doom and gloom after a loss but gets over it. It’s just their personality.
Were Ravens fans thats what you get when we lose... We’re not team with losing mentality so when we lose we’re way more vocal about it
"So brave, have three virtue points and a gatekeeping badge for your work"
I think you are mistaken... I was promised a team that was behind Lamar... I was promised two working coordinators and not the legit same drive down the field that’s now being stopped. We invested in the defense when our offensive line is struggling to the point Lamar is taking unnecessary hits IN THE BACK FIELD. I think defenses that injury players in the first quarter via rolling in the back field should be a penalty of sorts and a fine to discourage going for ankles of unaware lineman. If we had any decent back ups... if we kept hurst. We would be in a different spot. But we aren’t. We are stuck with an attitude driven defense that punches the ball more than making a tackle.. we have an offense that doesn’t know where to go with the football... and a head coach that made promises and two coordinators that are getting an easy paycheck while doing nothing to change our plan of attack. I’m fed up with being beaten by superior coaching staffs and tbh very frank... it has everything to do with the fact that everyone boasts chains and swag and merch they make money on and don’t even play to a standard we expected out of them. The d line looks fat. Not strong. Not trying to move the o line back or run across the field to stop sweep plays at the line of scrimmage. I’ve been here since 08. I’ve come to expect we beat the patriots at home. That is the raven way. Obviously not anymore. And what way are we headed... below 8-8 fs
"Dude the game threads are more toxic than nuclear waste. Its ridiculous. 

Like. Yes, we can blame jackson for things here and there. That interception was a bad choice. But he goes 14/19 and 167 yards to 8 different receivers and after that one pick a slew of weak dicked shit monsters are like ""Lamar sucks he cant throw"". 

The shit thing is. The pass itself was not a bad pass. It was a bad choice to throw it. But it landed exactly where brown should have been. Brown got beat. Brown kind of sucked last night. 

Last nights loss was not Lamar jacksons faults. He made amazing plays, multiple that were called back because of oline penalties. Snead dropped 2 or 3 completely catchable balls. I know it was raining and awful but fuck man... any dick hole that can turn around and blame Jackson in anyway for that loss is neither a fan or the ravens or football in general. Because they closely just dont understand the game."
"This team and the 2012 team are not similar at all. Ravens were underdog in almost every game. No hype, just flacco and co going out and taking care of business each week. This team is overhyped, over confident and not good enough to back it up."
"Doesn't mean this season hasn't been frustrating at points. Especially Lamar's regression. . . and this game was just pure frustration after that Steelers game. Just because we aren't dedicated bootlickers doesn't mean people aren't ""real fans"".

But in all honesty, we are an extremely spoiled fanbase. Like 20 years of existence, 2 superbowls (2-0) with 10+ playoff appearances, some of the best players of all time, etc etc."
Why didn't you post this before the last touchdown?🤔
I have to remind myself to stay off the game thread.  Some of the shit I see on there is ridiculous lol
"There is a time to be outraged and a time to think clearly. 

This is the time to be outraged. What this season could have been if we didn't lose 90% of the OL, our best TE, our best DL, our best safety, and our entire CB depth beyond Hump and Peters. 

Fans have a right to be pissed and say the season's over. The team is playing horribly. It might be a business that belongs to Steve Bisciotti, but the team belongs to Baltimore and its fans, and we have a right to be upset with their performance and the way things are panning out this year. Fuck off with that fake fan shit, I've been here since the beginning. I have a right to be angry with how things are going, and I have a right to overreact to that in the moment."
"Seriously. I'm getting tired of all of doom going on. Everyone should know this shit don't matter until the playoffs. If you learned 1 thing from last year, that is it."
"This is exactly how I feel as a Cowboys fan this season. So many fans came with Dak, as they should! But people wanting to bail after he was injured means that this isn’t your team."
"personally, the problem is: there's like no signs of hope with this team  for this season. center keeps fuckin up snaps, a new starter gets injured every game, still no sign of a passing game, still can't win tough games and come from behind"
Can't come back down 10 points with Lamar as QB. Has never happen.
""
yooo lmaoooo
"Really though, why the fuck did they not line up under center with the weather the way it was?"
"Replacing him with somebody who can barely block would be a net positive at this point, I legitimately hope I never see Skura play another snap as a Raven. His mistakes are just too costly."
Great meme
So good
Elite.
This is it chief
"Ngl this is my first season as a ravens fan, seeing that I actually made a meme that made sense feels nice 🙂 thanks flock"
"Well played, sir.  This makes me feel a little better"
I needed that.
Also Nick Boyle’s leg (please forgive me)
LMAOOO
r/Thanosdidnothingwrong
This is a Flacco level meme
skura played right guard last night
Wet game coming off a potential career ending injury...rough to throw him under the bus. Fake fans are the worst
""
Prayers up for Nick Boyle. Who is next man up? What moves will we make?
I VOLUNTEER
We did host Luke Willson. So that might be the move
I believe there’s a few TE’s they had in the off-season they’ll probably look into bringing in. We should’ve had another actual TE but they settled with having Project Pat fill the 3rd TE spot.
EDC not going after a replacement for Hayden hurst is hurting this team more than people imagine. Why did u decide to not go after a 3rd TE after we were the most dominant team running 3 TEs is a horrible decision
I knew getting rid of Hayden hurst was going to bite us in the ass
Whats scary too is that Andrews is injury prone as well.
"can i just give boyle and ronnie my legs, i don’t need them"
Luke Willson?
This might be the best time to move Boykin to TE and either activate dez or sign some other wr dude from the flea market
Trade deadline was Nov 3...
"Can Mark Ingram just sit back? I love him, he’s great for the locker room chemistry. But Gus Edwards and JK are bringing much more juice, they are looking a lot better than Mark."
"I'm all for seeing less of Mark and more of JK. I really can see Gus and JK like Mark and Alvin in NO. I love JK though, he just brings such a dynamic to the offense when he's on the field. 

On another note, this has to be Marks last season in a Ravens uniform. Is it not?"
Only really sure about one thing regarding the RBs.  WTF is Hill doing in the game on consecutive plays when it is 2nd and 3rd and goal in a 7-7 game?
I’m team Gus with spells by JK
"Honestly idgaf who gets the carries, but in a game dialed up to just run the damn ball, Lamar leads the team in carries with 11?

Lamar 11 carries, Gus 7, JK & Ingram 5 each. How is that enough?? Especially when JK & Gus are so good? The strength of this team is in our running backs, and they're mostly just blockers and spectators right now."
The fact that our 4th string RB was ever on the field is an indictment of Roman. The fact that we ran a direct snap to our 3rd string RB on a 4th down play we really needed also. Gus and Dobbins are CLEARLY our best RB options so why are we ever taking them off the field?
He was making some plays last week and I was surprised he wasn’t starting tonight. GREAT FREAKING PLAY !!!
"Dude is just as fast as Patrick Queen, he's playing a great game"
Now we need the offense to have a great drive.
[deleted]
Get this outta here Man. This is unnecessary.
That's his season it looks like. Rest up boyle.
holy fuck
Just dm me if u do thanks
[removed]
•_•
"Fuck him 

He’s playing like shit, and is costing us on big plays"
"GET HIM OUT. i understand it’s wet, but that ball didn’t even get off the ground. that is absurd and not acceptable. flat out."
My God he’s been terrible. Last week it was rationalized as being a cut on his hand. Has he been this bad all season and we just didn’t notice? Or you think it’s tied to him getting worried about blocking since Stanley went out? Or actually his hand?
And replace him with...?
2 minute drill incoming 🙏🏽🙏🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Do you understand how thin our offensive line is now? We don’t have the luxury of benching starters. Mekari took over for Fluker at RT meaning nobody else on the team has experience at center
I didn’t realize Yanda also snapped the ball for Skura last year
Do you see how much it’s raining?
"Dude just lost us the game 
Wtf"
Maybe they shouldn't use so much shotgun and pistol if the guy cant snap the ball.
He's gonna be questionable until that cut on his hand heals.
"  Do you see how much it’s raining, game isn’t over."
Soulja my ass
This whole thread is ***Toxic*** lately.
Fuck Skura
Matt Slurra
Lmao this sub is worse.
""
"Yea, saved us time"
That's what I'm thinking...second straight year in a row with a really smart football play in the waning moments of a game...he did something similar in the bills game last year.
I think so. Actually smart given that they would picked it up anyways.
"Dude is the smartest player on the field. High IQ, well coached."
Very smart on his part.....
"not 100% certain, but if so not sure why you take the timeout beforehand"
"Everyone can say what they want about how bad the refs are but that’s not the problem. ITS THE MENTAL MISTAKES THAT KILL US! Bad snap! Offside! Dropped passes (50/50 with rain) we can’t stop tripping over ourselves! If no gears are shifted after This game (besides Hollywood bitching about his targets) I’ll be tight. WE NEED TO CHANGE
Edit: to the people that downvote me, your not true fans and think Lamar is the problem"
Hollywood better stop bitching until he gets an inch of separation
"Bozeman: okay hand placement, 99,99% wouldn’t get called for holding = last drive-killing penalty
Harry: holds Peters to the point where he needs his jersey fixed = nothing to see here"
"Our main issue has always been us getting into our own way.

Even before Lamar. I remember several games where we lost because of stupid penalties and/or decisions. Even when we controlled the game for most of the 60 minutes.

Seems we're experts in shooting ourselves in the foot."
why are we throwing 30+ times in a monsoon with the rushing attack we have
Pat Queen looking lost in coverage was the most frustrating thing for me.
How about being too goddamn sloppy in maturity. HOW DA FUCK DO YOU GO AFTER THE RETURNER AND FUCKING HIT HIM WHEN HE CLEARLY CALLED A FAIR-FUCKING CATCH?!!?
""
[deleted]
I fucking hate playing in New England. You have to beat the refs first.
"This is pathetic guys. Refs didn't fuck us over. Even if it wasn't first down they would've converted on 4th. Ice up guys, we lost to a sub mediocre team, that's not on refs."
"They're not cheating man, it's just a bad spot.  Enough with the conspiracy shit"
"While I agree, you should look up parallax effect."
"The problem with this is that I can't even blame the refs for this. These plays are near impossible to eyeball. Even with the benefit of replay, I'm not convinced he made it or not. How can you truly tell?"
You're in our sub guy. Won't see me in yours. Yea this is where you vent.
"Refs aren't cheating, they're doing their jobs. Which is fixing games for the NFL and their mob sponsors in Vegas."
""
When it rains it pours
That was ridiculous. I was king of hoping Lamar could take advantage of the wet ground but it just wasn’t happening tonight.
""
oh man lamar looks pissed
Fuck
"Coaches inability to adjust to the weather and replace skura cost us this game. He’s hurt and it’s raining, we can’t play in the pistol/shotgun if every snap is far right or left."
"Team let Lamar down, media will spin this into ""Lamar big game bad"".

Fuck that, this game was not on Lamar."
"I’m usually not into the blame game, but Skura was horrific tonight."
"We’re now tied with Cleveland and face the Titans and Steelers the next two weeks. Buckle up friends, this season is suddenly very much on the edge."
"If anything, I just hope this game proves to non Ravens fans that lamar is really working with nothing. A banged up and terrible o line, an O Coordinator who goes away from the gameplan, and receivers who can’t catch much less run routes. The only real mistake he made was that pick at the end of the half where he tried to force it to a whiny receiver who refuses to play physical."
Why don't we have any fucking under center plays?
If Hollywood is so fast why does he NEVER have separation?
Skura blame of the game
"Well, at least we’re Ravens fans"
That rain was unreal
Fuck it. Might as well throw Dez out there to see what he can do.
"Sucks we lost , but I’m interested to see what changes we make prior to the Titans game. Go ravens"
I honestly think we win that game if Skura knew how to...you know...do his job
This team needs to find its reason
"As a fan, we should be just be worried about making the playoffs. The division is shot at this point and we are nowhere near favorites."
I don’t want to hear the Lamar slander today. He did his freaking part in the monsoon. The defense gave up like 200 rushing yards and special shout out to the o line and WRs for no help. Fucks sake Lamar can’t carry 21 other people
"Everyone's injured. Skura sucks. Our recievers are awful. Roman is awful. And we lost the 20 point streak. 

Time to never go back to r/nfl"
Broke our 20 point and turnover streaks. We get 1 turnover and we likely break 20 and win.
[deleted]
"This team is exactly what their record says they are - and they’re really badly injured to boot. 

If I never see that Boyle injury again it’s too soon."
Okay that ref moving his foot and giving them that first down (changed his own call) is the most blatant fucking thing I've ever seen.
"1) Holy Fuck the Rain

2) Holy Fuck Greg Roman

3) Holy Fuck are we in trouble


EDIT: 4) HOLY FUCK MATT SKURA"
What does Greg Roman have against Gus Edwards. Seriously. only 7 carries in terrible weather makes no sense to me.
One positive is Derek Wolfe played with a lot of heart. He’s not supposed to be the defensive line anchor and he played a damn good game tonight with Campbell and Williams out.
Skura really killed us tonight.
"Mix of Greg Roman and Skura with a dash of Mother Nature. The wildcat 4th down, playcalling that doesn’t make sense and then the god awful snaps buried us. But the torrential downpour on the final drive was the icing on the cake. On to next week."
"The discipline on this team is non-existent. For three weeks in a row players racking up penalties is a major reason we're in this slump. Also, Greg Roman's shit play calling."
tbh going into the playoffs with reason to be pissed off is probably better for the team in the long run
"I feel really bad for Lamar right now. He played a good game today and this loss will be spun as a loss due to him rather than those around him, especially with how he's been getting bashed this past week."
All I know is pain.
"Takeaways from this game:

-We are not Super Bowl contenders *this* year, injuries and we don't have the offensive depth.

-Lamar is good, everyone chill out

-Matt Skura no good

-We need to pay up for a top wide receiver. We are no good at drafting and developing wrs."
I'm embarrassed to look at the division standings.
"Cool. Not only did we lose the game, but we lost our best TE.

Anyway, I'd rather not make the playoffs playing like this and spare us the embarrassment."
Hollywood has a big fucking ego for a guy who couldn't hold his cousins jock strap.
Replace Sakura but overall just a bad performance from the team overall
Fuck Skura
"Patrick queen had a pretty bad game from what I saw. 

He's a rookie though and missing have his starting DL. Understandable"
What a bust. I had such high expectations for this game. Honestly expected to win big. Sucks to be wrong
If you still defend Greg Roman you’re an idiot
[deleted]
We’ve lost too many winnable games. We need to stop beating ourselves.
Skura gets the blame in this thread also
Skura had six snaps that came out SIDEWAYS.
Well that fucking sucked
Fucking pouring up there
Hope lamar doesn't beat himself up too bad over a game that was out of his control
I'm still pissed at the fucking wildcat call
"You can only play the teams on your schedule, but our wins have come against teams who combine for a record of 21-31-2. The losses come against teams who combine for 20-6.

This is going to be a 10-6 team that squeezes into the postseason only to be knocked out in the Wild Card round for the third year in a row. I don't see how anyone who has watched the last seven games can really think otherwise. I would put 10 teams ahead of us in the league power rankings."
"My thoughts on #15's performance tonight:

""What's the point of using Souljas when they're shit (always!!)"""
"“Walk on through the wind
Walk on through the rain
Though your dreams be tossed and blown
Walk on, walk on
With hope in your heart
And you'll never walk alone”

On to Tennessee. Lamar was a warrior who wasn’t helped by the conditions. This is football. Let’s walk on."
"Lamar played really great IMO bar the one poor choice at the end of the half that lead to the INT. 

I would have really liked to have seen that final drive not be in an monsoon but Skura really kicked us in the teeth on the previous one when it looked like we were rolling. But we didn’t wake up in time and the conditions just got worse and worse.

Brown is not a No. 1 receiver in this league yet. We still need a lot of help on the outside and as much as the Dez story is feel good, he ain’t it. We need to spend money and make trades for offensive weapons like we do for defensive ones."
[deleted]
Absolutely fucking pathetic
"Mediocre offense, mediocre defense. This iteration of the team reminds me of the 2016 & 2017 Ravens."
"I hate for us to lose but this is who we are I like the position we in, a team that’s in the race for the wild card hungry. All the fake love we get in the media they can keep it Ravens Vs Everybody !"
"Another week of avoiding r/nfl and anything related to football in general, which will probably turn into 2 more weeks when we lose to the Titans and Steelers"
This team looks so unprepared week in and week out. Probably the most unprepared and undisciplined they've ever looked in the Harbaugh era.
Nick Boyle died for this
Outsider here. Why did they keep lining up Lamar at shotgun if they knew Skura couldn't snap the ball properly?
>John Harbaugh said that TE Nick Boyle has a major knee injury and is out for the season. - @jeffzrebiec
>John Harbaugh attributed the bad snaps to the rainy weather in Foxborough - @jamisonhensley
"I’m also trying to figure out why it took so long for Wink to get more aggressive on defense. After we got the game to within a score, he really turned up the pressure and the patriots running game was pretty much stopped. 

Why not make that adjustment earlier when we are getting gashed play after play"
We ain't that good peeps
Im no newfan and i know life is pain but fuck the magic is gone from this season
You guys will be fine. They only won because of the rain. Keep your chins up.
[deleted]
"LOL John is always so catty after a loss. Jamison or someone asks about the impact of injuries and he's like ""what do you want like a percentage"""
Fucking rain
Shit happens everything went the wrong way for us this game. We need BWill or Campbell to be back. Still 6-3
"Well, fuck. We had a chance but Skura fucked us hard. Bad snaps all game long plus those 2 times at 4th and 1 and at that 2nd and 5 which killed our momentum. If someone really tries to put that one on Lamar then just stfu, please just stfu."
Well that was a waste of 3 hours.
Why didn’t we run more in the 4th when Gus was averaging like 6ypc
"Everytime Lamar made a play it was canceled out by a penalty, a terrible snap, or a drop. And I could have ran for 100 yds on that run D."
I’ll remind everyone that was the 31st ranked defense in the league. Our offense is a mess
"Why the hell did it only rain hard when the Ravens had the ball?

God hates us"
"Probably the most disappointing game, even more than KC. That team is not good (no, I'm not convinced that they are still) but Bill is, and we got fucking pushed around."
"Well, at least we're not 4-5. But we're headed toward 9-7."
Someone needs to shove a pineapple wrapped in sandpaper up Skura's ass
"Honestly, what did we learn from a loss in a monsoon with key defensive players missing? 

Yes, this team has a lot of problems. But it may be as simple as the ravens are losing the coin flip games they won last year. They should have won/had a very good opportunity to win both this one and the Pittsburgh game, and it didn’t work out. Sometimes that happens (and it’s yet another reason why last years failure is the worst in franchise history). Sure, it sucks. And it really sucks when your division rival wins all the coin flip games. But tonight was just a fluke loss to a bad team in terrible weather. It happens."
defense really stepped up at the end so that makes me feel better
"Less than a minute left, backed up, and need to get down the field. Time to dig into the well and pull out all the stops. The call: a 2 yard out to Willie Snead with 160 lb Hollywood as the only lead blocker."
"Everyone raved about his weight gain and speed, he looks exactly the same if not slower and more out of sorts. I wouldn’t throw a ball toward you if the ball is constantly getting picked when you’re near it."
Greg Roman his wasting Lamar’s talent.  This can’t go on.
"While Lamar certainly deserves his share of blame for other games this season, this game isn't one of them.

He threw two bad passes all game (and made one additional bad decision, not running for the first down on second and 12). Considering how awful his receivers and oline is and considering how bad the conditions were, I think he played very well considering."
Literally every person we've given a big contract to this year has gotten hurt. Literally cursed
"I still think we sneak into the playoffs. But obviously the expectations for this team vs reality are vastly different. 

Steelers are the clear favorite in this division. But to be very blunt. They aren’t that good either. Should’ve lost to the eagles cowboys & us. They’ve benefitted from some timely penalties in those games. 

If anyone saw Urban Meyers message over the weekend about under performing teams, it 100% applies to us. I encourage all Raven fans to take a listen. We don’t have bad players, we have elite players. The team itself isn’t elite. We need to look under the hood."
"After having time to decompress and think, i can finally give y'all my level headed assessment of the game.

1. I initially thought that Lamar threw a poor ball on his INT to JC Jackson. I still do but now understand why he did it. Lamar threw it w/ a low trajectory on hollywood's inside shoulder hoping that hollywood would stack the DB and control the pace of the route. He threw it while jackson + hollywood were even in their routes. He basically tried to throw a ball that hollywood could catch in stride. That turned into an INT partly because hollywood failed to stack JC Jackson. The exact same thing happened on the ravens' first deep sideline shot between lamar/hollywood. Jackson basically pushed hollywood out of bounds on that one. The difference there was that JC didn't play the ball. Lamar trusted hollywood to beat JC both times and hollywood didn't. Going forward, lamar will need to target hollywood's outside shoulder on deep shots unless he has clearly won in the route.
2. Hollywood is a super slot at this stage. Over the past 2 wks, he has been bullied by bigger corners (JC Jackson, Xavier Rhodes). Failing to stack JC Jackson today was pretty concerning IMO. Perriman had NO PROBLEMS stacking JC Jackson and beating him last wk. He had JC Jackson in hell all game. Unfortunately, JC had hollywood in jail today.
3. Referring to point #1, Miles Boykin would probably sell his soul for the 2 deep opportunities hollywood got today. Miles hasn't been thrown a catchable 9 route since the freaking rams game last yr (& that was rg3 throwing to him). Next time lamar decides to attack a 1v1 deep sideline iso, he needs to do so with Boykin. Even if Boykin doesn't win, he has the size and catch radius to go up and fight for the ball in that scenario. Give him something catchable and let's see what he can do.
4. Lamar overthrew hollywood in the RZ but there was a reason for that. The play in question contained a hard play fake + movement to the left which led to lamar's mechanics breaking down. Same thing happened on his high incompletion to snead in the 3rd or 4th q. He scrambled to the left, failed to reset properly and short armed the ball which is why it sailed. He needs to practice that going forward. W/O movement, we saw lamar hit boykin on a similar route vs. the steelers for a TD.
5. Lamar wasn't without fault in this game. Considering my viewpoint of his INT, i believe he made 1 egregious mistake that was all on him. He tried to throw to hollywood over the middle when the pats had 9 in coverage AND flooded the middle of the field. The INT was dropped because of the rain. 
6. All things considered, i thought lamar played well. I thought he threw the ball well, especially in the rain. We've never seen him have a big throwing game in rainy weather until today. I thought he made good decisions for the most part.  
7. Skura had a rough game but i won't put it all on him. The game was being played in a rainstorm, especially in the 2nd half. Skura had clear snap issues last wk in a dome. As a coach, how do you not adjust to that? Either replace him w/ mekari or line up under center. That's the problem w/ roman IMO... When he sees a player struggling, he doesn't do much to help that player schematically. 
8. The loss of nick boyle for the season is freaking massive. Other than lamar, he's was the most important player on our offense. I hope he recovers because that looked nasty. I'd like to point out that andrews dropped a ball in the 4th q because he was looking behind him anticipating a kill shot. The boyle injury affected andrews.
9. DJ Fluker isn't a passable RT. The pats have a terrible front 7 and still owned him. 
10. Patrick Queen is a total diaster in coverage. I'm at the point where i don't believe he should be in on obvious passing downs. Let him figure it out in practice while board or levine come in to fill the role. 
11. Snead is our WR1. On one hand, yikes. On the other hand, i like that a veteran WR like Snead has chemistry with Lamar. The young receivers on our team can learn from him and also be available to lamar on the field (specifically proche and duvernay). 
12. Ngakoue is a good player but holds little value on our team ATM. We blitz like crazy on passing downs as it is which limits an edge like him in the first place. He offers very little in the run game. It's early but i don't see the ravens paying him next yr. I see them letting him walk. 
13. The pats made a concerted effort to attack marcus peters in the passing game. Oddly enough, peters was monstrous in run support. Weird.

My overarching point is this. This offense was the lamar show today and will be the lamar show x2 going forward. At this point, the ravens need to move dez into the active 53. Duvernay looks promising and needs more targets. Hollywood needs to be schemed open better because he isn't a 1v1 winner, especially against bigger corners. 

Defensively, i hope williams can play next week. If not, henry is going to go for 200+ yards."
"The one thing I learned from this game is Lamar needs more from his offense. He was delivering balls consistently to his recievers and getting the job done, but bad o line play and bad wr play cost us the game pretty much. Also I’m not worried abt the defense considering the reason y they were getting run over was bc of injuries and in the end they tightened up and got us two three and outs and another stop after that too. Basically g ro needs to do better w his pass concepts and we need skura to snap the ball right. Also is it too much to ask for a wr1 Snead is out best reciever and I feel like he should be a good wr3 w holly wood a wr2 and then we need someone for wr1"
We need a other WR ASAP I’m fucking done with Hollywood downvote me all you want but man he isn’t nfl WR material
Can Matt Birk still play?
"Yes weather sucks. But New England also had to deal with it. Not like it turned into dry and sunshine when they took the field. 

Can’t blame the weather folks. Deal with it. We just weren’t good enough. Period."
Cut skura
"This team is playing like they actually won something last year. The constant mental errors, lack of urgency and just plain sluggishness is something you’d expect from a team on a Championship hangover not the team who was supposed to come in with a chip on its shoulder and desperation to go far. I didn’t expect another 14-2 season but what I thought we’d get is pure hunger. I said it after the Steelers game as well too many of these guys are soft. We’ll beat up on teams when they let us but the second we get punched in the mouth we’re flattened. In 2012 we played like shit sometimes but those guys were DESPERATE to win, 4th and 29 check down and you had receivers levelling LB’s to get us the first down. Don’t see that same will to win in this team"
"Some things I think:

1. Patrick Queen ain’t nearly as bad as you all think. He’s played well for most of the season, and he’s a rookie. He’s going to make mistakes. He was in position for that trick play and just didn’t turn around fast enough. It was a good throw. 

2. It’s been like this for years, but turnovers paper over a lot of holes in this D. Baltimore almost never wins games when they lose the turnover battle. 

3. Boyle’s injury is just as impactful as Stanley’s. A lot of our offense depends on multiple TE sets, and losing him is going to be killer. 

4. It’s too early to call Hollywood a bust. But his lack of separation is a major problem given his height and physicality issues. If he can’t run crisp routes and/or blow by people, he can’t play in this league. They need to find ways to get him in the slot or run drags. 

5. Despite all the problems, this team could have easily won this game and the Pittsburgh game. Some of this is just bad luck that will hopefully start to even out. 

6. Greg Roman isn’t in the top 5 of things wrong with this team. Yeah he makes some baffling choices like using justice hill and doing direct snaps on 4th and 1. But he also calls a hell of a lot of well designed and effective plays. Can’t just focus on the negative. His offense helped Lamar win the MVP. Can’t jettison him now because of a combination of injuries and regression. 

7. Offense has scored 34 points in the last two weeks combined. 34 in one game would have been a bad showing last year. 

8. It’s weird how little I care about the Pats now that Brady is gone. Just another team now. 

9. Every loss this season makes blowing the 14-2 year sting more and more."
Fuck this season man
Really awful first half and bad but not as awful second half.
PAIN
This fucking team
Can we kick the tires on Elflien?
"Injuries, Skura, the rain, not one redeeming thing about this game. Lamar can't do it alone, and we are fielding practice squad players as starters. I don't see us getting any healthier soon...."
Please fire Roman for the love of god
"The rain sucked. But, with all those injuries, we are not contenders"
How come no late hit penalty when Lamar jumped on Skura’s shitty snap?  Clearly Lamar landed and had control of the ball and he gets a Pats player jumping on him...
I don't defend or accuse Roman but the play call at the end of the game with Andrews screen is not helpful. Let's have the small man Hollywood be Andrews lead blocker. In that situation or any... Why?
lamar played well tonight. The offence showed some life. The Defense showed up too late though and our Center is problem. I'm not giving up on a wild card playoff storyline. Let's go Ravens!
We took Hollywood over DK.
What a god damn letdown. Injuries and freaking monsoon aside this team should be losing to a team with no playmakers. We all know the Pats are gonna run the ball. Except Wink I guess for those last two series. Just inexcusable. Could be a make or break game for us next week.
The Pats looked like dogshit against the fucking Jets last week. They should’ve lost. This loss is disgusting
Disgusting effort overall.
"Its coaching people..don't get me wrong, penalties dropped passes and injuries didnt help, but someone explain to me why we're not using Gus Edwards.."
Skura was born in Pittsburgh. That says it all!!!
we got super lucky last year with injuries. this year? not so much.
That was a terrible loss. Especially hate being a ravens fan from Boston.
"What can I say? They didn’t deserve to win tonight lol. Lamar played one of his best games of the year but the rest of the team kinda let him down. 

Also, Tf Skura? Bro gotta dip his hand in some aloe tonight smh"
Can someone teach Skura how to snap a football. Pretty please.
"This game turned when it was 7-7, we were moving the ball at will and had 1st and goal from the 9.  The next three pass play calls were mind boggling and we ended up only getting 3.  NE took the lead after that and Greg Roman blew our mind the rest of the night.  Good coaches stay with what works until the other team proves they can stop it.  Stop over thinking Roman!!!!"
>Harbaugh said that he'll know more about Brandon Williams and Terrell Bonds' status tomorrow. - @jeffzrebiec
"Does it make anybody else sad that we lost two big streaks, the games in a row with a turnover, and games in a row with 20+ points :("
"Ingram and Dobbins -> 13 touches 43 yards
Gus -> 8 for 73. The bus doesn’t need an oline. JK and Ingram shoulda stayed dry on the team bus with that"
"WE AREN’TWHO WE THOUGHT WE WERE!!


Injuries and horrid play calling doesn’t help."
Was there not a blatant hold on Peters on that 2nd down Newton run late? It would have backed them up big time and we prob get the ball back. Instead they tried to throw a flag in us for unnecessary roughness lmao peters was held so blatantly and not a glance from the refs.
"We have 2 lineman other than Skura with experience at center and we let him screw up snaps for multiple weeks. Every single possible way of looking at it shows that Edwards and Dobbins are more effective than Ingram but we're still giving Ingram equal or more snaps. No receiver can get YAC but Duvernay who rarely sees the field. We have no idea what our best line is and that would be true even if Stanley stayed healthy. We thrived on two TEs last year but didn't bring in a Hurst replacement and instead tried to shoehorn a player whose skill set is not that of a TE into the spot.

Point is yes, Roman in game play calling wise has left some room for criticism but you have to look at some of the decisions being made on a personnel level too here. We aren't in a place to succeed before Roman even starts working on it."
"Weather sucked. Being down 2 pro bowl O linemen this year sucks. Expectations of 2 second year wide receivers and a journey man becoming elite pro bowl targets was bold to say the least. Hopefully dez can step up and give this team the fire they need to ignite. Remember back in 2012 after the Texans whooped our asses and we lost Ray, How did that season turn out?? We got this just gotta let's old school ravens football go to work."
"Browns fan, if only the Bengals had beaten the Steelers. Today would be a great day for everyone, even Raven fans would be able to smile. However, a dark day is coming, Yinzer nation is rising. Their cockiness is getting overwhelming but it’s not stopping them. God help us all."
I miss Yanda
Lamar has no weapons
I don't care if this is emotional. Every draft pick from round 1 to 3 needs to be WR.
"Remember when we had receivers like Mark Clayton, Derrick Mason and Anquan Boldin, Jacoby Jones, Torrey Smith to throw to? 

Yep, I remember those days."
Whole team was garbage! Shitty everyone
"Lots of failures, but my man Skura really fucked up bad"
fuck skura
Youre gonna need to pay for Pornhub Premium to watch Derrick Henry daddy-dick this team next week.
So was that not a blatant hold on peters on that Newton scramble on 2nd down? The one where they tried to give us a flag instead. Looked obvious as hell never saw a replay really
"People on ESPN will go on air tomorrow and continue to blame Lamar and say he can’t play from behind, even though he played in a ducking hurricane tonight.  Fuck the rain, fuck the Patriots. Bring on the Titans. Don’t panic folks. We still get to play the Cowboys, Jaguars, Giants, and Bengals down the stretch!"
Was ngakoue even playing? I don’t think I heard his name once all game
Sounding the alarm on Patrick Queen. Dude can't tackle AND he sucks in coverage.
Skura has to go
"Lamar played his heart out! This dude did everything he could, unfortunately his team did him no favors today. 

Receivers dropped on target throws consistently throughout the night. The center needs to be replaced because this is consistent bad snap play and it keeps killing the offenses momentum no matter how hard Lamar tries to resuscitate it. 

Hopefully we whoop the titans next week to get back on track."
wtf bro
Incredible
Cunt
Penalties killed any chances
"Not our year. That’s all it is. Only thing I am holding on to is the stat that last time we won both Super Bowls, we started 5-2."
"Obviously I’m frustrated by how we played, but there’s just no winning with the weather on that final drive. That sucked."
How many guys did we lose in that monsoon of a game?
I don't know if it helps but Belichek can't beat us without trick plays.
This team is fraudulent. Good but not good enough.
on the bright side I have Derrick Henry on my fantasy team
Fuck
Skura fam
Fucking Pain
Does this mean the madden curse is real?
"HOLLYWOOD STAT LINE: 2 catches, 14 yards"
"When it rains, it fuckin pours"
Trash
What a fucking embarrassment.
Lamar was really mad
I hate everything
"Honestly, considering the conditions and the fact that aome of our best run defenders had injuries. Im upset but IDK, Im not blaming the team as much as I normally do. Idk why, Im normally in here venting like a morherfucker. I will say that this team is playing uncharacterisically undisciplined, It’s week 9 we shouldnt be making the mistakes we are making on offense. Defense is always a toss up, but holy shit the Offense is sloppy."
"Injuries, drops, bland playcalling, skura"
This game shaved years off my life.
Its time to face reality that the current Baltimore Ravens are a good team with serious deficiencies. We should be happy to even make the playoffs this year. We can beat up bad teams with poor coaching but we are going to run into a brick wall come the playoffs when all of the bad teams have been eliminated.
"I think we need to utilize more formations than just pistol when it's pouring that hard. I don't mean wildcat either, Roman"
Time to start purging
Wonderful. I just hope Nick Boyle is okay....
RIP Nick Boyle and RIP Ravens playoff chances.
"they beat us. we shot ourselves in the foot, we had injuries that we didn't really adapt to until it was too late,  they made more creative plays.... they beat us.

it happens. its not the end of the world. its just football.

think this team still has enough talent to put it together, but im growing less optimistic about that.

fans need to chill the fuck out though. its only game"
I still can’t believe this team wants our permanent offense to be whatever shitshow Roman is putting out there. He needs to be ousted.
"Well that fucking sucked. Oh well, on to the next game"
"Lamar had one of if not his best games but the o line, d-line and the rain said nah"
man i fucking feel for lamar
Look at the rain settle down after the ravens drive lol
"Hmmm let's see dropped passes bad snaps certain times lamar had time to throw but NOBODY was open, no one to high point a ball, injuries, penalties outplayed and out coached. Everyone made horrible decisions today. Total team effort in this loss."
Skura is a cuck. Roman has a micro pp. that’s about all I have to say.
"Only got to catch bits and pieces, but I felt like every time I did watch there was a penalty on someone. The discipline on this team is nothing like it was last season."
"This was a game we should have won, but god, that Boyle injury is sickening to watch. First Young, then Stanley, now Boyle... rough year for season enders."
There's always next year guys.
"I thought skura’s problems were because of his cut on his hand, but it seems to be more than that. Or is he just super unlucky"
Pretty clear that with Williams out was the clear factor the Ravens lost this game. The play calling wasn't terrible... but you can't expect to win games when your starters are dropping left and right. Not sure how they win the next two games. Lamar is gonna have to be spectacular... I really don't know if that's possible right now with the OL as it is.
Whenever the Ravens lose this bad it makes me want to get Madden and go to town on the other team. And I don't even have a gaming console. These terrible losses make me consider dropping $300 😂
"I realize that we have been undisciplined at times but our opponents have only been called for 10 penalties the last 4 games. They mentioned that NE is on historically low pace for penalties at roughly 3 per game so it’s a little fluky to me that our combined opponents are averaging 2.5 per game lately. 

Overall, I think between injuries and statistical regression, and frankly, some bad luck, we’re in a bit of a funk. Typical for Harbaugh teams this time of year. I hope we come out on fire in December at least."
I can't recall ever seeing both sides on the line that badly mangled before- we did not have a competitive unit to field by the end of this game.
"Why does our defense go to shit everytime BWill gets hurt? Like clockwork, nasty deranged clockwork."
My biggest takeaways from the last game and a half is that Lamar is working his way back to where he was last year. He was great after halftime against the Colts and given the situation he was dealing with tonight pretty incredible.
"Run D, Skura and that ref’s horrible fucking spot of the ball are to blame for this loss."
"I’m entirely convinced Roman does not have a 2 minute drill play book , the offense needs to be revamped this offseason in a big way , the oline killed us, not to mention Snead is our #1 WR we desperately need to sign someone"
"6-3 teams right now: - @mitchgoldich


AFC 4th through 9th place teams (Colts, Ravens, Raiders, Dolphins, Browns, Titans)

NFC West top 3 (Cardinals, Rams, Seahawks)

That’s 9/32, more than a quarter of the league."
The worst part about the losses and close wins is NOTHING changes the next week
"This has been a really painful season to watch. I keep thinking the coaching staff will make changes, but they keep thinking the same approach will work."
It is time to wash my lucky ravens gear
God help anyone who expects Patrick Queen to help us against Derrick Henry.
[deleted]
Bajema vs Supernaw?
Trade for Allen Robinson’s
"Not gonna lie, there were a surprising number of drops by the receiving corps that game"
"Defense started bad but got tough for most of the second half. Man, takeaway could have made the difference. Heads up play to take the penalty with 2:40 left. Otherwise I don’t think we get the ball back.

Offense moved the ball ok, but mistakes killed them throughout the game. Left at least 3 points on the field (interception). Bad snaps, drops, and penalties killed several other drives. Just sloppy bullshit. Despite all that, we had a chance at the end but Mother Nature was not on our side."
For the first time I really saw on Lamar’s face his frustration with the offense.
cut skura now
"WTF is the point of investing in the defense if it gets exposed this easily. Millions of dollars for nothing if Big Baby gets rolled up(or Mahomes carving our secondary). Trading for Campbell is nice, but BUF & AZ are trading for star WRs & look at how they're playing. Getting rid of Hurst and not replacing him (Ricard as a TE3 is bad) is also bad."
"I'm not like most fans. I don't start clamouring for someone to be fired the moment shit isn't perfect. I just don't ha r that emotional response in me.

But, for God's sake why did they not go more up tempo after the success they had last week.

I love Boyle sucks he got hurt..and while I don't think it will happen...I hope it leads to them using 10 & 11 personnel."
"Good game guys, hopefully we get a chance to rematch in the playoffs."
My recording fucked up so I missed the second half. Seems like I should be thanking it.
Anyone know why we didn't sign MBC? Looks like he's not causing a bunch of distractions in Tampa like this sub told me he'd cause.
Not sure we fully appreciate how big a loss Boyle is. One of the biggest reasons were struggling on offense is the lack of a three TE package like we had last year. Now we’re down to one.
remember how we drafted Hollywood in the first round? ugh
So beating a 5-2 team is not a big game but losing to a 3-5 team is. -Media logic.
">Lamar Jackson had his center's back when asked about the bad snaps: ""The ball just was just [wet] ... couldn't do nothing about it. He was trying to the best to his ability. I was trying with him, but things happen, especially in conditions like this."" - @sgellison"
We aren't half as good of a football team as we were last year :(
"The injuries are a long-term problem at this point. The run game is depleted without Stanley and Boyle (not to mention Yanda gone). The run defense is in shambles until Campbell/Williams are fully healthy. The only chance of beating good teams is Lamar playing top-level even with the run game being more good than great. It can happen, but it's a lot to ask."
AB doesn’t sound too bad now
WR coach needs to be fired yesterday.
""" ya know you just have to wonder if the pats turned on the sprinklers in that last 4th quarter drive."" -dave from salisbury"
I’m at a lose of words rn 🗣
"I have never seen a team like this Ravens team in my life. 

They can bully you and suffocate you into submission when leading and when trailing they have absolutely no firepower to be able to come from behind."
The Ravens are supposed to be this talented genius juggernaut innovative offense yet these guys are playing like they are a tanking 1-7 team. One of the most mentally weak squads I have ever seen ffs
Can someone explain why they didnt just call a wildcat formation with 2 seconds left and try to force OT? I know the chances are super slim but why not go for it?
"Skura needs to be moved to guard, if not benched outright.  Coming into the game, he ranked 30th out of 38 qualifying centers in PFF grade (21st in pass blocking grade and 34th in run blocking grade).  I thought he deserved to be benched weeks ago, but after 2-3 straight weeks of horrific snaps, he deserves to lose his job immediately.  Outside of his 2 bad snaps that cost us big time tonight, the consistently inaccurate snaps are killing us.  It’s hard to be efficient and find any type of rhythm when the play starts off that way.  It seems like they didn’t hesitate to pull Fluker, so I have no idea why they chose to keep Skura in the entire game.  Harbaugh needs to figure it out; there’s no excuse at this level."
Fuuuuck I really really Yanda😞😞
"Patrick Queen got absolutely schooled by REX BURKHEAD I mean come on.  Offensive line play is never perfect but Matt Skura has consistently given reasons to be replaced.  Injuries, bad offensive play calling, and no help from WR's always seem to be issues for us but I cannot handle how undisciplined we are.  A harbaugh team should not be getting so many penalties weekly

&#x200B;

Other than the INT, Lamar had a great game.  He kept us in the game even if it does not seem that way especially when you consider all the shit going on around him"
"Cant wait for GMFB, Skieuuuuuuuuup, SAS and Kellerman to rip into Lamar today for no fucking reason

Fuck talking heads"
Greg Roman gotta go
"Hollywood need to get separation from the secondary, seems like he always tightly covered cus he can’t get any yac...if dez has anything left we need to put him out there otherwise we signed him for nothing.  The defense got embarrassed, out coaches and out classes.  They gotta get back to stopping the run and forcing turnovers or we might as well start looking towards next year"
Ravens get got a lot
Watching Hopkins and Diggs go off yesterday just makes me mad. Ravens need to get Lamar some actual help on offense. Hollywood just isn’t dominant enough to be a WR1
I'm tired of having shitty receivers year after year after year after year after year after fucking year.
"Hope you all do not mind.   I bleed blue, but wear a ravens t-shirt.

I know all the talk is offense on most reddit of late: Lamar, snaps, WR play, OC Roman, and so on.

The glaring thing to me yesterday was LB play.  Every run of 5+ yards seemed to me that LB or DL is hitting the wrong gap. too many times I am seeing the LB behind DL stacked before the RB hits the hole."
"If only we had Murray, we’d win the super bowl"
Ravens need to win all 7 games this is ridiculous
Lamar played as good as one could hope in that weather. Skura/injuries booming us.
Fuck Greg Roman
"We're injured, our OC sucks, and we don't have the playmakers on offense outside of Lamar, really. We might be lucky to make the playoffs."
"The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result.  I don't know if this best describes John Harbaugh, Greg Roman, or myself, but it's at least 2/3"
"Unpopular take but getting consistent snaps in a monsoon is hard. Wet ball = hard to grip for snapping. Not saying it’s not skuras fault but with how the snaps were going, at some point Roman should’ve put us in an under center formation like how the patriots were running"
Is Allen Robinson a FA? We should go after him.
We were just too focused on the upcoming titans and Steelers games.
"
My biggest issue with this game was without a doubt the weather. That was not normal by any means and it clearly benefitted the team that got the least beat up in the trenches. No Campbell and losing Williams got us gashed the first half and into the 3rd and then the weather just completely took over and immobilized both offenses in the 4th. Overall just a night to forget.

Man this team is not just beat up right now, but straight up gashed with these last two huge season ending injuries(Stanley and Boyle). Having guys like B Will, Jimmy Smith, Campbell, and Fort able to come back in a few weeks will be huge in getting this team back on track for the final stretch of games vs DAL, CLE, JAC, NYG, and CIN. Season isn’t over and I think the mindset for the team is get into the WC spot and try just go for it and see what happens, what do we have to lose?  

Lamar has come a long way and I’m proud of how he’s faced adversity these last two weeks. Team as a whole needs to get better and some of our offensive weapons need to work out their issues and start making plays again. Patrick Queen has been awesome in general but it’s clear he’s still a rookie and he can only go up from here. Harbs has some serious sole searching to do regarding Roman being with the team next year, and how to patch work together and offensive line this year to try and make some sort of playoff push.  

My guess for final win count is 11-5 and a middle WC spot where we may have a shot at taking on IND, BUF or MIA on the road and that’s huge for us."
lamar played great minus the pick. team let him down. Coaching sucked first half. Refs shit on us too idk game felt rigged.
Madden curse can FUCK OFF.
Just an interesting fact. Ravens are 6-0 when they have the superior coach. 0-3 in games when they have the inferior coach.
Oh well. We can still go 13-3
FIRE GREG ROMAN. WHAT WAS THAT LAST DRIVE
We’re crashing and burning. We’ll be lucky to go 9-7 with all the injuries and shitty play calling.
Madden curse
Drinking champagne in Spain 😘✌🏾 (the 'cham' and 'S' are silent)
"We are going to get killed by Derrick Henry next week. Our run stoppers are hurt, offense isnt clicking. Lamar making terrible reads, not running when there is space. This whole season is making me hurt and we are fucking 6-3. Fix this shit"
Lamar wasnt good but he definitely didn't lose us this game.
Season's chalked. Too many injuries
Fucking pussy quitters gave up. Unreal.
I put money on Ravens and Bills winning today. Think I’m cursed and done with bets. $500 lesson.
Just missed out on over 1500$ over ravens losing by more than 3. Jesus christ the bad snaps were unbelievable and at such crucial moments. Thanks ravens.
[removed]
[deleted]
Lamar is exposed... just another RG3
[deleted]
[removed]
Well...I won’t be wasting any more of my time watching these games.
[deleted]
[removed]
The Lamar Jackson experiment was nice but unless he can show significant improvements in his passing it would be dumb to pay him a lot of money
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Time to have “the talk” about Lamar Jackson.
[deleted]
Leave.
Youre not blaming this game on Lamar are you?
Lol nfl record setting year might have something to say about that.
Penalties killing drives skura cant snap defense imitating swiss cheese but yep this on lamar
"\#The rules are simple:

&#x200B;

\* \*\*Submit a player/coach/position group\*\*, preferably \*\*in BOLD\*\* to stand out easier. Add stats/reasoning if you want.

&#x200B;

\* Make sure your nominee has not already been submitted. 

&#x200B;

\#\*\*Previous Weeks\*\*

&#x200B;

\* Week 1: Lamar Jackson

\* Week 2: Marlon Humphrey

\* Week 3: Whole team except special teams (blame)

\* Week 4: Patrick Queen

\* Week 5: Defense

\* Week 6: Calais Campbell

\* Week 8: Lamar Jackson (blame)

\* Week 9: Marcus Peters (honorable mention to u/Blacramento)

&#x200B;

\#\*\*This week's nominees are...\*\*"
Matt skura good lord man I know it’s raining but what are these snaps
"**Offensive Line** for *three* botched snaps, two penalties on Fluker, late penalty on Bozeman."
Matt Skura - Cost us two possessions in a one possession game
"**RUN DEFENCE** 

When you give up multiple runs on 2nd&long you suck."
Skura
Patrick Queen got embarassed
Everyone gonna say Skura (rightfully so) I’ll also throw out Hollywood for talking all that shit and having no game to back it up. What a regression he has taken this year. Dude ran better routes with the screw IN his foot.
"**MATT SKURA**

Too many bad snaps at key moments. Really cost us the game."
Skura
Matt Skura. Botched snaps killed two drives and what could have been points.
"#Matt Skura. 
alternate: defense"
"SKURA

His last bad snap singlehandedly stopped our last real chance for a final drive"
Skura
Mother Nature
**Skura**
Run defense without a doubt. Williams being out is always a sign we will be toasted.
"NO LAMAR SLANDER, THAT BOY DOES HIS ABSOLUTE BEST WITH WHST HE HAS. You can give him that one int but that’s it."
Skura and Run Defense
SKURA
"RUN DEFENSE
Let Harris run all over us like he was Barry fucking Sanders"
Pats fan owe Skura a really good Christmas gift
Matt Skura * 1000
MATT. FUCKING. SKURA.
Skura and defense
Anyone who doesn't say Skura needs a brain check
The run defense
"People will say defense, but they clutched up and gave us two shots at the end.  Its **SKURA**.  Dude sucked all game long with those snaps and one cost us the game."
The fact that we’re going to have to get an early exit in the playoffs to fire Greg Roman is infuriating.
"Skura.

I don't think I've ever seen a center lose the game for a team."
SKURA
"Greg Roman. So many issues but what the hell are you thinking on a 4th&1 and you go Wildcat, in the pouring rain, with a center who is already having issues snapping the ball."
Matt Skura
"**Greg Roman**

Fucking awful play calling yet again"
Matt Skura
SKURA
Skura
Skura
If you blame Lamar you’re dumb
"Either offensive line for horrendous snaps and generally just not blocking, or Greg Romam for being a Neanderthal. A wildcat on 4th and 1 in the rain is unforgivable"
"Skura easy. Plenty of blame to go around but dude easily broke any chance we had at winning the game as we got momentum going. Run D pulled it together after sucking all game, Skura continued sucking after sucking all game.

God that was infuriating to watch."
"Skura is the easy target as he and the rest of the OL definitelly were massive negatives.

That being said, how many weeks in a row are we going to have drives and big plays killed by stupid penalties? If I hear “illegal formation” one more time I’m gonna flip. It’s been like this since the Eagles game with no signs of improvement."
Skura. I sure as hell never played in the NFL. I only played high school ball and a year of college. But even my potato level ass can snap a ball in the rain
Seeing Skura mentioned constantly is just reminding me of the 2013 season with Gino Gradkowski.
Matt Skura
Skura. Nothing else needs to be said.
Matt Skura
Skura.
SKURA
"Skura, can’t blame the run defense when the two best run blockers on the team aren’t even playing"
"Weather, Skura, Roman obviously, but..

Harbaugh.  For the love of God, grow some fucking balls.  Stop coddling your fucking coordinators and make some god damn adjustments.  Pull rank, tell roman he's smoking crack.  Learn some god damn time management skills.  13 fucking years of this shit and if Joe Flacco didn't go Elite Dragon for 4 games then he wouldn't have jack fucking shit to show for it."
Skura
Greg Roman. Fire him.
"Matt Skura, the weather, and the awful fucking play calling."
Run Defense and Skura. Run D tightened up at the end but still. Fucking pathetic in the 2nd and 3rd.
Why is Greg Roman not an option.
"Skura, the weather, and injuries"
i know skura is probably gonna win but holy fuck patrick queen had a rough game
"GREGORY ROMAN

The offense is a complete mess, and he's the guy in charge. Injuries is a fair response, but we still had stupid penalties and the THIRTY FIRST passing offense for weeks now.

EDIT: Skura is also an acceptable answer, but did everyone forget Fluker getting FUCKING BENCHED AT HALF? Holy shit he is just not panning out"
"Skura and the Defense

Skura- His snaps took away multiple downs where we were gaining momentum. Even when the snaps weren't bouncing off the ground you could see Lamar having to reach for them to recover throughout the game. 

Defense- I understand we didn't have Campbell, Smith, and Williams but, none of the other players made any big plays and the Patriots ran all over us. Where was our top rated defense? The turnovers?"
Skura. Queen as runner up
I don’t see how we have a legit chance with all these injuries mounting up.
Skura truly fucked it. Greg Roman was useless.
"The obvious is Skura. 
But how about the coaching in regards to the lack of discipline? Not that tonight was heavily marred by penalties but it feels like the 6th straight game with an illegal formation penalty."
"Skura obviously. He has a hand injury and we're thin but still if you can't snap it why are you out there.

Andrews. Small game player. Huge drops in every intense come from behind situation. Starting Lamar down, ball in both hands, dropped. Again.

Offensive line. Penalties. Same shit every week.

Patrick Queen. Coverage linebacker can't find the run when he's hugging the DL not looking for the holes.

Ngakwho?

Ingram. His ankle/calf injury last year killed all the burst he had left. Having him in there just wastes downs forcing Lamar into 3rd and long.

Hollywood. Not as fast as advertised. Can't out muscle DBs. Too small to go for contested catches. What *does* he do for us exactly?

Greg Roman. Actually liked his first 15 plays you could tell they had a good scheme. Problem is when those are over and he has to call plays on the fly. Let's throw 30 times in a downpour. Terrible scheme."
The fucking defense
"Injuries. They did more to fuck this team than Skura - and that’s a lot. 

No Campbell and no Williams. No Smith. No Fort. 
No Stanley, Hurt Skura (for his sake I hope that’s the case), fucking Boyle out for the year and maybe then some... 

Shit had a REAL REAL effect on the team."
Skura and run defense tied
"Matt Skura, Greg Roman, and our receivers."
I wonder if Skura or that Titan's punter had a worse game this week
"Greg Roman

Not putting Lamar under center in a fucking monsoon is criminal."
"**Defensive Front Seven**

In a game in which *we knew* the Patriots would have to run the ball, they got their asses whooped up and down the field by a team that had no business even being within 2 scores of this team. Just embarrassing.

At least with Skura he's got a finger injury AND the conditions were terrible. The run defense was a pathetic shit show and they'll just blame everything on Brandon Williams being out, as usual."
Matt Skura is a fucking loser
Matt Skura.
Skura and d
Skura. Its not even close.  Those horrible horrible snaps put us in crap positions
#The Weather
Penalty discipline AGAIN
Prayers up for Nick Boyle 🙏🏻
run defense got manhandled aside from like 2 drives
Injuries.   The team has a lower ceiling with some of our best guys out
sucks to watch this team to be honest. Just don't get why we don't play to our strengths.
"1. Run Defense

2. Run Defense

3. Run Defense"
I like Queen but he was continually missing tackles and getting blocked out of the play. And he gave up the TD on the trick play.
Patrick Queen
Skura and Roman. If I see another fucking levels concept I will jump off a building
Whole team is to blame this was one of the shitiest performances I’ve ever seen
Patrick Queen and the O-line. Both have continued to plsy like shit.
#GREG ROMAN
"Pretty much everyone. Defense sucked most of the game, we didn’t look prepared. Lamar made some bad throws, we had some bad drops, receivers couldn’t get separation, running game sucked. Bad game all around."
God. I have never seen that much fucking rain in 30 minutes ever.
Hard to pick between Skura and Roman. But his continued streak with shit play calling on 4th and 1 takes the cake.
Greg Roman
I kinda just want to say the whole team. Nobody played well
"Penalties, Greg Roman and Skura."
"Skura, Roman, our depleted secondary. Take your pick."
"OLine, losses on RG and LT from last year have really hurt. Skura is just being extra bad recently, he doesn't really move DLinemen, and now he's just tossing the ball away on the snap. Bozeman's only good when he pulls and everything else he does is below average. We should be able to run the ball much better than we did tonight."
Close call between Skura and run defense. But I’ll give the edge to Skura because defense actually showed up a bit at the back end of the game
"Bench Skura until his hand is healed.  He's still wearing bandages from the cuts and the rain likely aggravated it worse(wet skin + cuts = pain).

&#x200B;

Personally, injuries are to blame moreso than anything.  We lacked 4 of our big run stoppers tonight and it showed.  If we must point to someone then I'll leave it to Skura."
"Run defense, offensive line, Greg Roman"
No amount of Roman slander is unwarranted. He deserves every bit of it.
"Depth on the d line, I get our starters went down but that doesn't mean they should just be able to do anything they want against the defense. This game also exposed our youth, issues on o line and lack of a sure handed receiver. Snead seemed to be the only player to pick up on the fact that catching the ball with your body was the only way to catch at that point.  Lack of experience has been exposed since the Titans game on."
"**Both lines.** Offensive line had far too many penalties to go along with the botched snaps, including the one that basically killed our best chance to win the game singlehandedly. I know it's tempting to keep Skura at center because it's ""just a hand injury"" but if it's making his snaps this terrible, that is not something you can just live with, especially since Mekari was a solid center for the second half of last season.

173 rushing yards says all that needs to be said for the defensive line. Yeah, losing BWill and Calais makes life hard, but just because it makes it understandable doesn't mean it makes it excusable."
Entire team and coaching staff. This was a massive collective loss
"Shared... Dropped passes, muffed snaps, penalties (pretty sure New England gained more field position from penalties than Cam gained through the air), injuries on defense, our inability to stop Harris from running the same fucking play over and over.

Edit: maybe the int at the half since being down by 3 on a final drive is very different from being down by 6... Although no guarantees even the goat could got the fg in that weather"
"run defense. You know they're running a lot but still don't stop it much. Also, JK Dobbins is the best RB on the team, use him like it"
Congrats Guys. I just saw LJ tied record for most wins in 30 games. 25-5.
"Lamar is gonna get a massive contract and the team will still refuse to get him offensive weapons. Wash, rinse, repeat 2013."
"Skura and the Defense. 

But mostly skura. In every critical situation he fucked up big time. Bad snap after bad snap. I'd fire a dude for that."
"- Skura

- Roman

- Hollywood for talking all that talk but not being able to get open. He’s too small to compete for jump passes

- Queen 

- the weather"
Matt Skura. Stop fucking fingering your asshole while snapping the ball.
SKURA/DEFENSE
Skura and the run defense
Skura
Skura and it isn’t close
Matt Skura alone.
Do we even need to explain why it's skura?
Matt Skura
Skura fuck him
Skura
Skura
Matt Skura. I don't think it would be crazy to bring in some centers to workout
" Matt Skura, he made some bad snaps vs the colts as well"
"Whole team. 

Lamar put us in a bad spot with that INT. We were almost in fieldgoal range. 

Skura could not have had a worse game. 

Marcus Peters gets way too emotional and gives up big plays and gets targeted when he's running his mouth. Its a trend. 

Patrick Queen is very bad in pass coverage. 

Mark Ingram is officially losing to father time. 

Marquise Brown got zero separation and is not physical or big enough to be a WR1. 

Justin Ellis #71 had one of the worst performances on defense that I've ever seen. Dude was just mailing it in. 

John Harbaugh has lost control of this team when it comes to penalties.

Greg Roman continues to shit the bed."
"Skura. He seems physically unable to snap the ball correctly, and it was a problem well before the colts game. Plus he can't anchor against pass rushers anymore. If you can't even snap the ball correctly, the drive is over."
"Who is the clown downvoting every single recent ""Skura"" comment in this thread? Are you his mother or something? Dude was trash."
"**THE WHOLE TEAM**...

... alright, that was a bit harsh; but let's just forget about this game and move on to next week. (I agree with everyone else on here that it's **MATT SKURA** that gets the dishonorable award this week.)

However, this was rough, plain and simple. Most importantly, it sucked seeing Nick Boyle go down like that. As for the on-the-field performances, the Ravens keep making careless mistakes game in and game out. There's so many weekly instances of not executing things on the field. (How many illegal formation penalties have there been so far this season?) The offensive line has problems, mainly at the interior. (Seriously! WTF was up with all those bad snaps from Skura?) The defensive struggled against the run without Calais Campbell and B-Will out there. (Although, *at least* the defense tried making adjustments in the second half and did do a better job at stopping New England's rushing attack by that point). Simply put, it's hard to win football games when both lines can't get the job done. The crappy weather was just bad icing on the cake for a game that is best left forgotten.

How the Ravens perform these next 2 weeks will determine their season (but that goes without saying). Even with the mostly easy schedule in December, it's crucial for Baltimore to pick up victories against both the Titans and Steelers. We'll just have to see how things play out."
If Matt Skura is the starting center again I'm not watching. You can only blame the weather on so much. Directly caused a turnover on downs and wasted the entire 4th quarter. Lamar was money almost all day and he single handidely ended about 4 drives today.
"GREG ROMAN. FIRE HIM ALREADY. Predictable play calling, doesn't know how to call from behind, and our players have lost faith in him and it shows."
The rain?
The whole team sucked tbh
Everyone
Skura
**SKURA**
"MATT ""GREASY FINGER"" SKURA"
"Matt Skura. His main job, snap the ball. Can’t even do that for god’s sake"
"Skura, no contest."
"I'm gonna go ahead and say Matt Skura, he was shit last game too"
"MATT SKURA.

Cut his fucking ass. Not bench, cut."
Not Lamar
Matt Skura is the only correct answer
"I know a lot of people will blame Skura but...This game can be summed up in one sentance:

In a torrential downpour Greg Roman never went under center and gave the Ravens RB's 17 total carries while the Pat's gave theirs 28."
"**John Harbaugh**. Outcoached again. Team not prepared again. Keeping the center in the game after sucking that much. Not getting on the OC for shitty playcalling(again). Evidently(according to Preston this morning) not practicing for rain with a storm in the forecast. 

Can someone tell me what this motherfucker actually does on this team? Because he clearly doesn't have any control over either side of the football. He just stands there looking like a dumbass all game. The Baltimore Jason Garrett."
*SKURA AND RUN D*
Skura and the coaching staff not making an adjustment when mekari is literally standing next to him and is a center
I wanna say defense but two NTs went down so shit happens
"Mix of Greg Roman and Skura with a dash of Mother Nature. The wildcat 4th down, playcalling that doesn’t make sense and then the god awful snaps buried us. But the torrential downpour on the final drive was the icing on the cake. On to next week."
defense - I don't Even know if I can blame them in good faith. missing huge players and the pats attacked the holes. matt skura
**RUN DEFENSE!** Offense played amazing! We need to have the injury bug to stop biting us sooo much
"Offense: Skura
Defense: Queen"
the injury bug 😐
Skura and Greg Roman
Skura & Queen.  Hands down.
"Skura and the injuries to Campbell and Williams, I’m scared for next week"
"Skura, sadly"
Skura and Queen
ingram and skura easily
"First and foremost, Matt Skura. I don't care if there's sharknados on the field, you have to be better than THAT at your job. I know COVID makes personnel decisions harder, but you can't keep your job after that.

The offensive line committing penalties and making Lamar run for his life half the game.

The run defense for taking 2 1/2+ quarters to figure it out. Post-halftime drive was pathetic.

Patrick Queen for taking about as bad an angle as is humanly possible on that unbelievably-obvious trick play.

Greg Roman continuing to try to lose his job. That Wildcat 4th down call was maybe the dumbest shit he's pulled yet.

Sabotage refereeing AGAIN. The spot that miraculously changed in New England's favor, swallowing the whistle when Lamar got hit on the botched snap recovery, the unnecessary roughness call on Judon, etc. It's their damn job. They gotta stop taking a spotlight in these games."
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Ravens-were-Drunk-and-Injured-last-night-emhvf0](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Ravens-were-Drunk-and-Injured-last-night-emhvf0)

If you like a good rant here ya go"
Injuries.
Offensive play calling. Why isn’t Hollywood used more in slants and post routes. If they believe he’s fast enough to outrun any corner or player why is he running south north when he is getting smothered to the sideline
Skura
"Blame it on Skura all you want

The coaching staff watched him botch snap after snap for weeks

At some point the blame falls on the people putting him out there"
Skura and or Hollywood
DeShawn Elliott had a terrible game
SKURA. ship him out tonight.
FUCK MATT SKURA THAT PIECE OF SHIT LEARN TO SNAP THE BALL HOLY SHIT
SKURA LEARN HOW TO SNAP A FUCKING BALL YOU DUMBASS YOUVE BEEN DOING THIS SHIT FOR YEARS
"Matt Skura was such fucking garbage before this season he was like a middle of the road center, and these past two games he’s been fucking atrocious."
#Swiss cheese defense
Everyone except SNEAD!!!!
"Skura

/thread"
"Skura is the only right answer. 

“RuN dEfEnsE” although an accurate answer is a cop out because in involved multiple people.

Skura single hand-idly fucked the chance of a comeback."
"EVERYONE THEYRE ALL EMOTIONAL PUSSIES THAT CANT MAKE COMEBACKS AND GET IN THEIR OWN HEADS WHEN THEYRE NOT ROLLING OVER THE LEAGUE

Special mention for Harbauch for letting this culture develop with this young core. I feel it's already too late with this roster.

This team is miles away mentally from the tough Lewis led team I grew up a fan of"
Skura
Skura
"Skura. Bad snaps in crucial moments, got abused all game too"
"Just to break up all the Skura comments I'm gonna say 

REFS.
Several minor to medium mistakes that costs us 6ish point IMO"
I blame whatever the fuck Skura cut his finger on
Obviously has to be Skura. Those slow mos on those snaps were so ugly.
"Matt Skura. If Morgan Cox can snap the ball 10 plus yards perfectly in this shit weather, there is no excuse for Skura."
We are not a playoff football team.
EVERYBODY. Nobody had a good game. This game sucked. From GM to coaches to players. Everybody is the blame
Skura (maybe the weather too?)
"MATT SKURA. 

Killed drives today"
Matt skura
MATT SKURA
Matt Skura better stay off the flight home
"Matt Skura, bad snaps 2 weeks in a row"
Mother nature/Skura
Matt Skura — He needs to GO!!
I get the matt skura crowd i would really love to give it to skura. **Patrick Queen** looked like a donkey out there tonight. I don’t think he knew what team he was playing for half the night. He had been bad this year but was absolutely demoralized and destroyed out there tonight. The all 22 is not going to be kind to the rook and neither am I. **Patrick Queen**.
MATT SKURA
Matt Skura
Can we give Lamar some praise? I really felt like we had a shot that last drive until the terrible snap. He’s working his ass off.
Torrential Downpour
"lmao yeah the center is who should take the blame for this game.

do you guys listen to yourselves?"
Injuries and the rain fucked us.
"**RAIN** 

We're not going to continue having snapping problems and their isn't going to be rain like this in the playoffs. 

Also I've thought the Pats are better than their record all season. They have a new QB for the first time in almost 2 decades and didn't get a normal training camp. They are catching up. I bet they finish over .500. 

Sucks to lose but I'm not taking anything away from this game"
"not even gonna say his name but the center. it’s unacceptable to not be able to snap the ball at the nfl level. he fucked up multiple plays by himself and killed a potential game winning drive

defense can get caught out or whatever and that happens but we’re 100% in control of how we snap the goddamn ball"
I see people blaming skura but forgetting he had a waterfall blowing in his face
Skura
Skura
"There’s no way it isn’t Skura, the 4th & 1 and the 16 yard snap lids were key plays that fucked us. The difference in any game is alway 1 or 2 plays going your way and Skura along with the run defense have to be blamed for this loss."
Jesus christ skura was awful
the guy who cant find someone to snap a ball better than skura after all that
Matt Skura
Skura. Dude couldn't snap the ball to save his life
"Skura, but also God for that fucking down pour. I had to keep doing things because shit kept coming up and every time I got back, it was raining a little harder."
Weather
Joe Flacco. The football gods only let one Raven ball against the patriots per season and they thought he was still with us.
"Lamar Jackson.

Look, as the QB, you have to will your team to a win in this type of situation, and he couldn't get it done.

I could blame pretty much everybody on the whole team because of the mistakes, and if you can do that, you have to pin the majority on the QB because he's the leader."
[removed]
The Madden curse happened
We aren't winning the north
"Injuries, dropped passes, penalties, and skura"
"Well, Lamar threw 32 passes and carried 11 times. The rest of our ""amazing"" RB corps had a grand total of 17 carries.

We were great last year when we ran the ball & made the other teams throw to beat our Defense, so they knew what was coming & could make plays.

Now we refuse to just pound the ball, even though we have the most loaded backfield in the league."
This team isn’t good plain and simple. Defense decided to not show up half the game. I’m just glad we showed life and showed we can make a comeback. If Skura didn’t completely fuck up that snap we would have probably scored. Oh well man let’s move on to Tennessee
"It’s a lot of things. Today they got beat by their own game, Ground and Pound. 
Run defense wasn’t doing a damn thing. WRs barely get separation, Hollywood isn’t a #1. Mark Ingram needs to go in the back seat, let Gus Bus take over, he’s clearly the better RB. Greg Roman....*sigh*"
Idk what's so confusing is it your 2nd year watching nfl
[removed]
Guys come on. We are 6-3. The chiefs at midseason were 6-4 last year.
Injuries plus the conditions I wouldn’t say they regress. Had a good game plan from the jump but shit happens
(Can't do much rn except cope with humor)
The D line and Skura’s hangnail. Goodnight
The Ravens
The whole d like except Wolfe and skura. That son of a bitch
"Its Roman its a fucking monsoon out there in this game and youre throwing 30+ times with one of the best rushing attacks in the league, holy shit its so frustrating."
100% Roman. Throwing on first down (wtf?) while were up in the pouring rain. Wildcat on 4th and 1 in the pouring rain? No qb sneak? Also seems like every game our offense is runnjng completely different from the week prior
Coaching
[deleted]
Actually both refs had it marked short.
Wasn’t that third down though? They could’ve just done it again.
[deleted]
"who cares lol, it got 481 views in 16 hours"
Why does this sub get worked up over dumb shit?
"I'm all for defending Lamar against unnecessary hate, but this one is so ridiculous and so absurdly stupid that this one can be completely ignored lmao"
He’s just clout chasing. Stop giving him the attention he’s looking for
Definitely post on r/nfl
The title/video was so insanely idiotic there is a Steelers fan defending lamar in the comments.
Only in the sense that he wishes he had his receivers. I'd take Lamar any day of the week.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Definitely assumed this was Garrett Downing!
"Sucks for him. He's having a DPotY kind of year

Doesn't really affect us though. He should be off it well in advance of our game 12/14"
Hope he's alright - glad he won't play the Eagles this week(like it matters).
""
"Nobody:

Patriots Fans: ANYWAY SO HOW ABOUT THOSE 3-5 PATRIOTS"
"I feel like our running game was perfectly fine against the pats, we just opted to go heavier with the pass (which also worked fairly well)

Am I misremembering?"
"The pats took advantage of B Williams and CC being injured...

Of course other teams will look to do the same"
"Last week was a perfect storm (in so many ways)

The pats are built to run the ball up the gut. We didn't have our 2 literal biggest pieces as well as Fort...

I know the weather was the same for both teams, and I know Lamar has received a lot of hate for his throws this season, but I totally trust Lamar throwing over cam and his practice squad wr core. That being said, the weather was a lot harder on us than them.

Will defenses try to replicate it? Absolutely. Will it work? Absolutely... At least until we prove we can burn a team that stacks the box on us"
"They showed teams can run on us, but the game still would've been something like 30-10 without Skura's constant, untimely fuckups."
Other teams don't exactly have Bill Belichick either so that's good
Absolutely. Other teams will take advantage of our horrid run D until it stops working
Is what the Patriots did replicable across the league when it comes to stopping Lamar and the running game? Or was that just a Bill Belichick special? Or was it truly just a bad weather game?
[removed]
henry boy is scary
we are in deep doo doo
"For once, I encourage the offence to throw the ball. Titans are weak in the secondary, even with the addition of king. I think we have to use the run to really open up the passing game. We win but successfully hitting them over the top. 

Defence will have to step up. But it’s likely Henry will have a big game. When he gets to the outside he’s unstoppable. When he breaks through the line, he’s unstoppable. Offence will have to win this game for us. If they, yet again, can’t get it working, we lose this game."
"Looking for positives:
1- LJ Fort is probably back, so that’s good.
2- Titan’s o-line is banged up. Henry’s great, but he needs blockers (especially without Earl Thomas on the field)"
"I think Madaboogie and Broderick Washington will flash some potential here and perform well (I hope). What concerns me is our OL vs their DL. If our OL can win more 1v1s, I think our offense will have a big day and will counter the Henry scares. I hope."
"Hey diddle diddle, Derrick Henry up the middle.. ALL FUCKING GAME 😔"
looks like I'm starting Henry in fantasy
"Henry hurt us so bad it made us invest in the D-line heavily. Now, he's back, and we're missing the top players. Get ready for some maximum OOF!"
No idea but the offense gotta come out strong throwing the ball and get a lead. Henry is useless if they’re down late in the 2nd half.
Derrick Henry is salivating I'm sure.
"Titans fan, coming here in peace.

As /u/Deceptivejunk has said, I think both of our teams are pretty banged up and missing key elements and are going on slumps.  You guys feel negative in this sub?  We're suffering the same negativity, come check us out and see for yourself.  Our negativity is from the fact that we had *glaring* issues from Week 1 in the season that has either been exacerbated by injuries or ignored because Vrabel is too fucking proud to make smart decisions.

Our golden leg punter is out (Brett Kern), Vrabel fucking put an ex-FedEx employee as our punter - the same punter you guys saw last Thursday who had a punt that was shanked and a 17 yard flopper as well.  This is after we had a serviceable punter that averaged 50 yards a punt on 8 punts in our Bears game.  They released him earlier this week and brought him in again to make him the BACKUP to FedEx guy.

Our o-line has holes in it just like yours, and Tanny hasn't been able to ball out despite being a good passer because he's been getting hurried often.  Our O doesn't get to stay on the field long enough because of this.  You folks know how our offense is like, we have to gain ""momentum"" and start building up to dominate.  But we never get to go in our groove because our drives are short and our D can't make a stop.

Other teams, including the fucking Bengals of all teams, realized to ice us just drag out your drives.  The longer the drives, the less opportunity for our offense to be out on the field, and you can get away with those long drives because our D is badly coached.

I think it's going to be a sloppy game between both of us.  Your D and ST is more competent than ours, but each of our offenses have different strengths we can play to.  I'm sure Vrabel has been picking up notes on how to ice Lamar since he can't just become a stellar passer overnight, but considering how shit he's been at being our ""replacement"" DC Lamar's probably going to get opportunities to do his thing.

Yes, Tractorcito is scary, but if Henry only gets to play for a couple minutes a quarter he ain't that scary.  You guys have the more complete team."
"On the bright side, we can stack the box pretty heavily. I fully trust Marlo to lock down brown and I'm not overly afraid of Davis or Jonnu.
I'm not excited about missing the big boys, but I think we can handle it"
"So many sappy ""fans"" on here.

We're all upset, we get it.

Game Plan:

\- Shut down Henry

\- Force Turnovers

\- Open up the field with the running game, dissect them and they're secondary with some passing. 

\- Henry is slow to start, but once he gets rolling that's another story. We have to let the steam out of the Henry Train and stop him at the line or before he hits the outside zones."
probably going to lose tbh. Nothing is going right for this team.
Patriots game but worse
"After adjustments in the 4th quarter against NE we stuffed them pretty good. I think that can carry over into this week. 

I'm more interested to see what our offense is going to look like without Boyle. The titans have a pretty bad pass defense so it could be a good game to open it up."
If we come out firing on offense against their suspect defense and build a 10 or 14 point lead I think we have a really good shot at winning. If we let them hang around or get behind it could be a long day
"To me, this game is going to come down to time of possession and finishing drives. Field goals in the red zone isn’t gonna cut it. Keeping the ball out of Henry’s hands will be key, so we need prolonged drives to keep Henry on the bench and keep our D fresh. 

Game is very winnable but it’ll be tough if Henry gets his rhythm going."
We must take the lead early to try to stop them from running all game.
"You contain henry to around 80-90 yards and SHUT DOWN that passing offense, we should be ok."
Winning the time of possession battle will help the defense out indirectly.
It’s not as bad as everyone is making it out to be. It all depends on the personnel decisions we make. If you see yannick ngakoue on an obvious running down then we are fucked. He is a good pass rusher but isn’t built for running downs. I expect Ferguson or McPhee to start with yannick coming in as a situational rusher. Starting ILB should be Harrison and lj fort with queen coming in as relief. James white dragged him back every single time imagine what Henry will do plus he kept missing his assigned gap and had to rely on his speed to get back in position
"Titans ruled out C Jones and LG Saffold, that bodes really well for us considering our 2 best insiders are out too. Should even the field a little bit."
Probably awful
I am sorry. But the Ravens have spent all this money and resources on the defense while ignoring the offense. This defense better step up.
"D henry is rushing for 225 and 2 tds. Thats what the fuck its about to look like. 

Fuck im pissed about this season."
"Ugly.

Let me put it to you this way.
Ain't no way in hell I am going to hangout in the game day sub for this game. I can't handle that much negativity."
Well we'll either get our ass kicked by their run game or we'll pull a victory out of our ass... I probably won't be able to see the game because its a 1PM game and I'm usually asleep at that time
If we can’t pass the ball effectively in this game we are fucked because there run defense is really damn good.  We should be able to pass the ball effectively with there mediocre secondary and awful and I mean worst in the league pass rush.
"We can compensate for the absence of Williams/Campbell by going into heavier defensive sets, and our secondary just has to play perfectly 

Wink may have a more creative strategy than that (hopefully). but I just wanted to point out that we aren't necessarily going to get run all over if we really commit to stopping it."
Bro we will kill it. No way we are losing. This is ball so hard university.
""
Despite some of the other comments here this is a very well written article with a lot of statistical analysis.  Yes the conclusions are the same but thats because thats what wrong with the offense.
I feel like the “Ravens offence” has just become non stop buzzfeed styled headlines. Just pure click bait.
"Yanda retired, Stanley's hurt, we cant run 3 TE (or even 2 TE) sets like we did last year, and we still dont have a WR1"
"TL;DR offensive line sucks. Can't block, can't protect like last year."
"For those who didn't read it, here's the tl;dr:

Yanda retired."
[removed]
""
I miss Pitta
They do be lookin fresh doe
Looks like Dennis didn’t get the memo to mean mug 😤
"SSSR is still my favorite vet signing i think. He was electric even at the end of his career. Like that one bengals (?) game where he took a dump off, broke some tackles and went to the house? Professional.

Edit: I’m talking about this game https://youtu.be/1eTKhRRNysE not the opening game vs the bengals. But that deep bomb in that game was nuts too!"
"We got:


Short guy who can catch


Kicker who can catch 


Injury prone TE who can catch


And the best qb in the nfl"
"Looking like they should be in The Godfather

Steve Smith Sr would definitely be a hitman"
This brightened my day.. I have food poisoning. This made me smile
A Ravens x Bachelorette crossover
"God, Tucker is so good looking"
Thought Justin Tucker was Jake Gyllenhaal for a second.
Oddjob.
Get in loser. We’re robbing a casino.
If this wasn’t the sexiest team of all time idk who is
"Dennis Pitta, Justin Tucker, Joe Flacco, Steve Smith, Sr. of the **Baltimore Family**"
STUDS
Steve looks like a mobster lol
This pic makes me nostalgic for a time that wasn’t even that long ago 😭
"Imagine Marlo doing his IG live after a win with these guys.  Flacco and Pitta beside each other boring as ever, Tucker is Tucker and Steve Smith would have been a riot!"
Koch I’m the background: “ how dare you take a pic tire without the Wolfpack!”
Is there a man on planet earth Steve Smith wouldn’t fight?
Bouncers at a fancy club
Who's got the pic of them all watching the Bachelor together? Lmao miss those days
I fucking love Justin lol
"If Tucker wanted my bitch, I’d have no choice but to let him have her"
"I swear Flacco, Pitts and Tucker always looked like they were brothers. Flacco being oldest brother then Pitta with Tucker being littlest brother."
"Justin Tucker FUCKS dude, like that guy FUCKS"
TIL oddjob is black
"Why is everyone so down we are 6-3! It could be a heck of a lot worse, we could be jets fans!"
What. A. Squad. Picture full of Elites. Sam Koch also made it in.
So much greatness.
I loved Pitta man.
"You hear that?

That’s the sound of men’s apparel sales suddenly surging in the Baltimore area."
"“If me and gang pull up, then you better get the running”"
"Having started to watch the Ravens in about 2011, I miss Steve Smith and Anquan Boldin more and more every day"
Reeks of ELITEness.
🙏🏻
Flacco is tall as fuck
[deleted]
Should just play the game in Baltimore /s
Unclear if that’s a hard requirement. Hockey style helmets (reference Keenan Allen and Penn St protocol) are useable. Might just be for sidelines. Nobody is quite sure what’s going on.
Schefter already debunked that there’s an exception for athletes
"Hey all,

Recently, I'd made a post on two different threads about the Ravens offensive struggles and I kept expanding it. Well, I decided to expand it again and make it into a thread. I apologize for the mega length of this one and I hope you can make it to the end, but I really wanted to just express my thoughts and frustrations.

Yes, I did include a TL;DR at the bottom, but I think it's worth reading the entire post, if you have time, for the sake of discussion.

This post was inspired by two things that I saw on Reddit- 1. I saw a thread that basically said Hurst is the biggest reason that the Ravens offense is struggling. 2. I continually see threads bashing Lamar Jackson and putting the blame for the offensive struggles on him first and foremost, which is kinda the nature of having been so insane in 2019 and being the quarterback of the offense, but in my opinion, unfair.

First off, no, Hurst didn't make the Ravens all of a sudden worse. The offense isn't struggling because they traded their third string, 27 year old tight end who played less than half the snaps. Instead, what happened is that teams are copying the Chargers, and to an extent, the Titans.

What did the Chargers do in 2018? They had an absurdly deep front four that allowed consistent and relentless pressure off the edge and kept Lamar contained in the pocket. The defensive line bullying the Ravens offensive line meant the Chargers could use safeties, like Adrian Phillips, as linebackers for additional speed to defend the threat of the run while providing plus coverage.

So you might be asking yourself, ""Why didn't more teams do this in 2019? If the blueprint was right there and is successful in 2020, what stopped teams in 2019?"" The answer is simple: In 2019, the Ravens had a healthy offensive line across the board and Marshal Yanda. Teams without a dominant and heavy defensive line would be placing a lot of strain on their linebackers (safeties playing linebacker, in this case) to have to take a pulling guard head on or a guard in the second level. Those safeties would get absolutely mauled by the 2019 Ravens offensive line. Teams couldn't afford to match the Ravens speed because matching the Ravens speed would mean that they couldn't match the Ravens physicality. In 2020, teams are able to match the Ravens speed with speed because of the replacement level play at RG, poor play from Matt Skura coming off of an injury, and continued mediocre play from Bozeman at LG. Of course, Fluker and Brown Jr. being at tackle only heightened the issue.

What did the Titans do in the playoffs? The Titans had dominant defensive line play that absolutely rocked the Ravens interior and took away the Ravens dive game. The Titans basically took on the philosophy that they weren't going to allow the Ravens to get north/south with the football. Instead, they were going to make the offense flow laterally. Think about it- does it matter if the quarterback gets 30 yards if it's all going sideways? No because that's not advancing the ball forward. The Titans ability to blow up the Ravens interior running game meant that the Ravens were forced outside the tackles and into space, where the Titans speed was able to contain the Ravens running game and prevent huge plays. The Titans were smart- they felt better about their chances of their defensive backs tackling Lamar in space than a 330 pound defensive lineman trying to make that play.

The RPO offense and play action passing game have a similar ask of the offensive lineman. In the play action passing game, the offensive lineman are asked to sell the run by stepping forward and putting their head down, but will maintain the posture to pass block because they must sell the run, but then drop into a pass blocking set. A key quirk of the RPO offense is that the offensive lineman will only run block (offensive lineman have no idea whether the play will be a pass or a run; they're solely run blocking. Side note: this was a reason I was not a fan of Laremy Tunsil coming out of Ole Miss. The RPO offense meant that he wasn't nearly as refined in pass sets and I questioned his ability to be able to become a premier pass blocker due to this.), so linebackers read this key from the offensive lineman (step forward, head down) and will begin to flow downhill because this means running play based on ques. This step downhill creates a void in the middle of the field where receivers run free. Where are the Ravens at their best throwing the ball? Over the middle. The Titans ability to dominate the run with the defensive line meant they could hesitate before flowing downhill and not compromise their run defense in the process. As a result, the Titans clogged the middle of the field with players who were adept at defending the pass and took away that open space that would normally be there for the Ravens. (Another side note: the RPO offense was a reason I did not think highly of RGIII after his rookie season. I felt that if RGIII were forced into a pro style, pocket passing system, he would struggle to make reads in tight coverage and to fit throws into tighter windows than what the RPO offense afforded him. I do think Lamar is plenty capable of making those throws when his head is on straight, so to speak.)

The Patriots on Sunday took an interesting spin to this and attempted to replicate what the Titans did. I'd have to rewatch to be 100% sure that the Ravens are running more off tackle (presumably due to the weaker interior offensive line), but Bill really seemed to prepare for runs to the perimeter, not inside.

Instead of playing from a traditional look, the Patriots often flexed their defensive ends into a wide nine position and pulled their defensive backs up to the line of scrimmage to get physical with the Ravens receivers. This was a twofold win for the Patriots. From a run game standpoint, the wide nine places a very large strain on the linebackers of an offense because the wide nine essentially places the defensive ends too far out of the play to impact interior runs and is used more for pass rushing because it allows the ends to gain more ground upfield. In theory, this should take the defensive ends out of the play because they should be shooting too far upfield to defend the run, asking the linebackers to fill the void and take on offensive lineman consistently. For the Patriots, this wasn't the case. The Patriots used this look to be able to contain the running lanes to the inside and force the Ravens to run inside. Any runs outside would be met with a defender in the face of a Raven immediately. If somehow a Raven were to make it past the defensive end, the defensive backs were there to immediately meet that same Raven. An interesting note with the defensive backs- while teams like the Chargers opted for lighter defensive backs to match the speed of the Ravens offense, the Patriots actually went with bigger, heavier defensive backs who could play physically at the line of scrimmage and take on blocks/make tackles at the line of scrimmage. In essence, the Patriots dared the Ravens to run through the interior and the Ravens failed to take advantage of this.

As for the passing game, bringing the defensive backs down to challenge the Ravens receivers worked because of the diminutive size of Hollywood Brown and the inability of Myles Boykin to create separation. Brown is lightning fast, but he's tiny. Teams have learned, or are quickly learning, that if you just get physical with him early in his route, he's not going to outmuscle you and blow you away. This is an area the Titans really won with against the Ravens- they could outmuscle the Ravens receivers at the top of their routes and the Ravens couldn't fight through it.

The three biggest things hurting the Ravens right now are the piss poor offensive line (the interior is straight ass), an inability to attack the boundaries, and the poor play calling/play designs of Greg Roman. I thought Hollywood was going to be huge for the Ravens this year, but I still wanted a trade up for CeeDee Lamb or Tee Higgins at 28 (I am happy with Queen, though.) Turns out, Hollywood is best in the slot because of his inability to overcome his size and the Ravens have no one who can challenge the sidelines. Hollywood might think he's a ""Soulja,"" but he's showing that's really not the case.

I think the Ravens would be greatly helped if they'd run more bunch and trips formations and more motions to help create free releases for Brown because if a corner can get a hand on him at the line, he's not fighting that off. He needs a free release where he can get his speed going and just run past a DB.

It just feels like the majority of motions are Pat Ricard moving across the formation to get a running start on a lead block or Andrews motioning out of the backfield. This is also an issue because the ""escort motions"" by Ricard are just telling the defense, ""Hey, we're gonna run this way!"" This works just fine if you can outmuscle the defense, but the Ravens offensive line isn't doing that to teams this year. Additionally, I would like to see Roman scheming more free releases for the wide receivers through the use of motions across the formation. Make the defensive back trail and force him to catch up at the snap. Don't allow him to set and get hands on the receiver.

Recently, Lamar told someone (Eisen, maybe?) that defenses know the plays that the Ravens are about to run. This prompted people to freak out and point to this as a reason to fire Roman and also sparked people to say, ""Hey, that's not a big deal at all! Offenses have tells and should have an idea of what's coming anyway.""

I disagree with the idea that the defense knowing the play isn't a big deal. Certainly, offenses have tells for the defense (certain routes break at different yardages, high hat/low hat reads, etc.), but that's why you introduce wrinkles. PA passing and RPOs are difficult for defenses to defend because the offensive line emulates a low hat read for the defense, asking defenders to flow downhill when the play is going to be behind them. Double moves on passing plays are great because obviously you're attempting to bait the defensive back into breaking downhill on your route before breaking upfield. Bunch formations create traffic, don't allow for defenders to press easily, and can cause confusion with who to cover when receivers begin to cross each other's faces off the LoS. That type of small stuff that really adds up.

Teams don't use 100 different formations and plays- teams have a handful of formations and plays, but it's those small wrinkles you add that really make a difference.

Think of the Chiefs who use so many stack/bunch formations and motion their receivers across the formation for free releases routinely. I don't think I've ever seen players get open with ease as consistently as the Chiefs did against the Ravens because the Chiefs took their regular plays and threw in a little wrinkle here and there and kept the Ravens second guessing. You could clearly tell that in coverage, Patrick Queen had no idea what he was doing. The Chiefs took regular, routine looks and flipped them on their head so that Queen was reacting well after the ball had been snapped and wasn't able to lean on his instincts.

I agree with the idea that teams will have *an idea* of what's coming, so the job of the offense is to maximize the number of possibilities, not make it so that the defense can pinpoint onto the exact single play the offense is running. The Ravens just don't have the type of players who can make the plays when the defense knows what's coming. Sure, someone like Randy Moss could tell you what he was going to do and then go and do it, but the Ravens don't have that type of player. The Ravens very desperately need to create more possibilities to give their guys a chance.

I've also seen it talked about a lot that Lamar Jackson was missing plays against the Patriots in the deep passing game, but I wouldn't read too heavily into the lack of passing plays deep against the Patriots. It was a damn monsoon and torrential downpour; you're not going deep with ease on those plays. Not even Russell Wilson, who is the best deep ball passer in the NFL, is hitting those throws routinely in that weather.

TL;DR?:

So to summarize what I see is wrong with the Ravens offense beyond just Lamar (who certainly has work to do):

The Ravens offensive line can't punish lighter formations and defensive lines are able to stop the run without involving the second level at the same rate as last year. This allows defenses to go light and clog the middle of the field without needing to attack downhill. I know it's been talked a lot that the Ravens have seem more dime defense through nine games than they did all of last year. It's not as simple as just, ""Hur dur, more defensive backs go brrrrrrrrrr."" The Ravens just cannot punish those lighter sets because the offensive line sucks right now.

The Ravens have no receiver capable of challenging the sideline. On top of a lack of a punishing running game, teams can clog the middle because if you man up and go 1v1 on the outside, Hollywood and Boykin aren't going to beat you. They're not forcing teams to spread out and defend the entire field ""honestly."" Teams can cheat between the numbers and know the Ravens receivers won't make them pay.

A bland offense with basic, and often downright dumb, route concepts isn't helping. The Ravens don't scheme their receivers open pre-snap and rely on their ability to get open post snap, something they're not doing, at all. Couple that with confusing route concepts that have players running into the same area or tripping over each other, literally, and the Ravens offense is quite literally creating defensive traffic with their poor route designs. I would really like to see Roman just install basic multi-level route concepts. It truly is infuriating to watch a play over again and see that Roman literally had two receivers run the same route about 5 yards in depth apart and then had another receiver running the opposite route at the same depth as one of the other two. Like, dude, why are you intentionally giving the defense less space to defend?

Is Lamar perfect? No, he's looked more off this season than last and isn't having his best season. However, he had a really strong second half vs Indy and I thought he actually had a really good game against the Patriots when looking at the season as a whole.

But if you think for a second that Lamar is the biggest worry of this offense (I'd argue the abysmal interior offensive line is), you're absolutely nuts. Lamar is the last worry that I have with this offense.

What are the fixes for the Ravens?

Well, they're certainly not easy, but...

The Ravens need to seriously upgrade their interior offensive line. Relying on mediocre, late round draft picks/UDFA's to start has finally caught up to the Ravens. And I get it- offensive lines are supremely expensive and there aren't enough quality players to consistently fill 32 NFL offensive lines, but the opportunities have to be taken when they're present, like a Kelechi Osemele. I would have loved to have seen the Ravens make a run for him because when he was health for the Chiefs, he was punishing defensive lines. The Ravens, 100%, need to make teams fear and respect the run if that's going to be their calling card. The Ravens pride themselves on the ability to punch you in the mouth with the running game, but currently, the Ravens are swinging and then getting punched back at by Mike Tyson.

The Ravens really need to figure out something with their offensive woes. I'll be honest, I was super hyped for Hollywood Brown and I thought he was the best receiver in the class when healthy. I thought his rookie season had so many bright spots that if he could put it together consistently and get over that foot, he'd be a beast. Well, that's not really happening, and it's maddening that the Ravens cannot seem to nail down a receiver. I don't really have an easy fix here, but you'd have to think it's some combo of scouting/development. I would think that Hollywood Brown on the Chiefs would be a monstrous player, but the Ravens have a stagnant offensive design and poor development that's limiting him. However, it also seems like the Ravens get too cute sometimes and think they're smarter than they are. Think back to 2014 when the draft was absolutely stacked with receivers. That has to be one of the deepest receiver drafts in recent memory. Who do the Ravens come away with? Michael Campenaro in the seventh. It's like the Ravens went, ""Hey, the draft is super deep. We can even get great talent late!"" instead of targeting the talent that's a first or second rounder for a reason. Bargain bin shopping will only take you so far. It's even worse to me when you consider that the 2013 draft went all in on the defense, the Ravens went back to the defense for the first three picks and four of the first five. Think to the 2020 draft- it was absolutely STACKED at the top of the draft. The Ravens could have easily stayed put and had a Tee Higgins at 28 or gotten aggressive for a CeeDee Lamb or Justin Jefferson (again, I'm happy with Queen and think he'll be great, but I so badly wanted that receiver.) I also think of times like 2013 where a player like DeAndre Hopkins felt like such a sure thing and everyone and their mother knew the Texans would take him. It would have been nice to see a trade up and an aggressive move for him. Or how about 2016 when the Ravens had Michael Thomas right in their laps and traded back to get... Kamalei Correa. It's so maddening. I don't know what the answer is, but the Ravens have got to do something about their receivers.

Lastly, the Ravens have got to get someone who isn't stagnant and stale at offensive coordinator. This one, to me, is the hardest fix because any offensive coordinator worth a damn is going to likely get hired for a head coaching position fairly quickly. The Ravens aren't likely to find their own Josh McDaniels. But I'm also really frustrated by the hires that Harbaugh has. As a disciple of Andy Reid, Harbaugh usually hires offensive coordinators that coached for Reid, while kind of ignoring that Reid was the architect of the offense and the one calling the plays. It's a bit different with Bieniemy because he's the man in control and he's calling the plays, as far as I know, but historically, Reid was that guy. I suppose the Ravens have to hope that Roman turns it around, which based on history, doesn't seem like it'll happen.

Sorry for being so long winded- I'm just frustrated as hell. Lamar isn't perfect, and he's leaving plays on the field, but there are so many issues that are higher on the totem pole that Lamar is the least of the worries right now."
I feel like half or more of this sub just brush of the fact we lost an all time great at Guard and didn't really understand the amount or quality of elite plays that Yanda made at his position. The Stanley injury just compounds the problem in pass pro.
TLDR machine broke
"Tl:dr Greg Roman sucks and fuck the steelers. Nah jk bro, this is a good write up. Thank you."
is there a td;lr for the td;lr /s
I think its on every player and coach to do better and I think we can be
"Not gunna lie, I did not read a word of that post, but in short, I think it's a mix of losing 2 of the best linemen in the league from last year (yanda and Stanley), now losing Boyle, and GR totally over thinking things instead of just sticking to what worked last season."
"Good post. I read it all. A bit redundant at times but hey man it's better than bland sponcon. Can't disagree with anything either. I just want a playoff win this year, the cards ain't there for more than that. I mean look we're just a team that has to win on Defense right now. The normally stout D got mauled against New England and the lead was too much in the weather."
"I definitely underestimated how much the loss of Yanda was going to hurt. And now with stanley out I think we just have to hope we can stay above water until our existing line improves, assuming they get better as the season comes to a close."
"Fuck, what a great post. Tysm."
[deleted]
...Delete this fam
This is pretty racist.
"I was just thinking today about how I personally dont think Lamar will win another MVP in his career, Maybe OPOY but I doubt MVP. I do however think we will win a Super Bowl with him at some point. Would love to hear y'all's thoughts on the rest of Lamars career!

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jxx6sf)"
Yes- A SB MVP.
Who knows? Does our o-line improve? Do we get a legitimate No.1 WR? If the answer to both of the questions is yes then I could absolutely see him getting another league MVP
I just belee
"To be fair to Lamar, winning multiple MVPs is basically something that never happens, only nine people have done it in 62 years. five of those nine are no-argument ""best that ever played"" guys(Peyton, Brady, Unitas, Montana, Jim Brown) and the other four are in that discussion too. (Young, Warner, Rodgers, Favre) We're a bit biased towards thinking it's more normal since seven of the nine have happened since 1990, but historically speaking it's a huge anomaly.

If he wins a second MVP, that's basically a lock that the guy is going to Canton, and I think we're way too early in his career to make a call like that, especially since QB careers nowadays are so long, so we've probably got at least a decade to see what happens, probably closer to two if he does get back onto an MVP case."
"He's 23. He will win both. If he doesn't, itll because the org failed to get him weapons, or he had some sort of terrible injury. But I have all the confidence that he will be around for awhile."
"Honestly Idgaf about another league MVP, I want rings."
Lots of mvps and SB mvps.
"Yeah... i'm not going to doubt this kid IRT the heights he could viably reach going forward.

I'd bet that <1% of this sub had him as a potential future MVP after the playoff loss to the chargers.

Lamar Jackson won a UNANIMOUS mvp off the back of his age 22 season. Youngest MVP QB ever. 2nd youngest MVP ever (behind the great jim brown). He has the talent to perform at an mvp level for 16 games and/or win mvp in the future.

He's in the middle of an adjustment period as a player which is why some are down on him. If he makes it through (i expect he will), he will emerge as a superior player."
I mean who cares?  MVP voting is sketchy in the first place
Got a long career ahead of him.
Who tf said neither?
"What’s the difference between ‘No MVP’ and ‘Neither’?
Shouldn’t this just be 
- MVP
- Super Bowl
- Both
- Neither"
No bias in these responses lol
In terms of potential ofc. he can get both.
Not with him running every play and passing to the sideline judge when he throws his one pass per series.
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"His ACL was fine, he just tore every-fucking-thing else."
Not gonna lie that looked horrifying live. Come back stronger bb
I have zero doubt whatsoever that Nick Boyle will be back good as new eventually.
Machado suffered a similarly ugly looking injury to his PCL and he bounced back. Hoping for the best.
Luckily he didn't have a full knee dislocation which is career and even leg threatening. Confident he'll bounce back
Hopefully we can utilize Andrews more for more scoring and help Lamar get some balls down field Boyle will be back next year strong and healthy!
That hit looked crazy
""
"When things are back to normal again, can we make a special little tailgate area dedicated to him and call it Motown?"
We need to keep Mo's Rows. Paint a gold border around the section and stencil it on the railings.
""
"4th and 29, never forget"
I means its a fact.
"Not to diminish Flacco, but still think Jacoby probably should have gotten that MVP"
""
"...and that is how that news breaks in this sub. 

In all seriousness, let’s hope that shit was kept out of the QB room"
Trace still has the natty on his mind
People forget that allegedly** Trace cheated on his dying girlfriend. I’m a ravens fan and don’t want to believe that but my friend who went to his high school said everyone knew.
Now that I have read the words “Mcsorley” and “sorority” next to each other; I feel like there was a serious rhyming opportunity missed in the current rendition of that Trace Mcsorley song.
""
"And it is also a fan favorite

Personally, I'm always happy when a rapist gets his nose broken, but thats just my personal opinion"
"Wait that hit was illegal? 










THAT MAKES IT EVEN BETTER"
I don't see the problem here.
My man
"One of my favorite memories!   As much as I HATE shittsburgh, I will always respect Ben more than Brady because he takes hits like that and doesn't throw a whiny little fit and the NFL changes the rules because of it.   Although he does seem to hype up his injuries lately and then *poof*  he's fine 😒"
We won that game tho ☺️
[deleted]
"I think 2018. Especially in the pass rush department, Mosley and Peanut still playing at a high level, still having Za’Darius  and Suggs and the secondary wasn’t bad at all. Marlo was Marlo, but Tavon was healthy, Jimmy was healthy, Carr was solid too."
2018 defense set the franchise sack record (11) against none other than the Titans. 21-0 @ Tennessee.
I think 2018 ravens win against 2019 titans and 2019 ravens win against 2018 chargers.
""
Hint: illegal streams.
This map is aids it covers almost no ravens fans in the surrounding Maryland area like most of VA would rather watch them
[sportsurge.net](https://sportsurge.net) and make sure you have uBlock Origin extension.
[deleted]
"Nflbite dot com

Make sure you have antivirus on your computer

As an out of state fan I know the struggle, but this week is good because Ravens are playing my home state team meaning it was guaranteed that I get the game."
Hey you can get the nfl app and watch on there as well and it’s free
"Holy shit! I live in the thumb of Michigan and this is the first one this season for me too!

Edit: I usually use Sunday ticket, so I never miss the games anyway."
What is the science behind which region gets Miami and Denver? There’s literally random plots of green all over the map
I live in Illinois too. It sucks here
"Has Gumbel commentated any of ours games since the Murray thing? I don't think so, right?"
"I wish we could have Kevin Harlan commentate more Baltimore games. Heck, I would prefer him calling every game! Obviously, that is literally impossible whenever there are SNF, MNF and/or TNF slots on the schedule."
"I think I fall just outside the boundaries for this game. It’s tough being a fan living in New Mexico, but I still watch every game."
Nfl app streams every game
"It’s 2020, stream the game. Complaining about TV coverage maps makes me feel like we are back in 2008."
Does anyone know of a good stream to watch the game Sunday? First time this season the game won’t be on tv here! WTF?!
I know there’s nothing worse than being in the DC tv market and they put the Team and the Ravens on CBS at the same time.....
Crackstreams has been very consistent for me
Nfl bite.com
[deleted]
Ripple.is is a less known streaming site but its good
Love being in Maryland but don’t have the game lol illegal streams it is
Wait it’s not gonna be on tv??
nflbite .com
""
It is a stadium not an arena.
""
"Updated charts through the NE game.

Important note:  The A- for Skura vs NE and the previous week's grade vs Ind do not fully reflect the impact of the bad snaps.  It's a blocking grade.  Without bounds I impose on the subjective adjustment \[0, 0.10\], he would have been dropped to an F last week.  There is more detail in the article."
"Hey Ken.  This is awesome thanks.  

If you had to put out what you believe the optimal offensive line this week given the circumstances, what would your starting 5 be?"
Always enjoy reading your notes
"""By my estimation, only one of the five spots on the offensive line is a  lock Sunday: the left tackle will be Orlando Brown Jr., whose switch  from the right side has gone well. Anything is possible at the other  four positions. Look for the reveal during pregame warmups.""

Source: [https://www.baltimoreravens.com/news/eisenberg-50-words-or-less-x5402](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/news/eisenberg-50-words-or-less-x5402)"
Rumor is that it’ll be Brown/Skura/Bozeman/Powers/Mekari
"I want Mekari out there, don't care where I feel like that dude is one of the least appreciated parts of our team and is very consistent, although I don't know his PBWR or any metrics to support that. He passes my eye test with flying colors. 

I'd assume Skura is staying at center. Despite the errant snaps the past two weeks he's still a good blocker and hopefully the bad snaps are a temporary thing from the hand injury and rain. 

Also assuming Bozeman is staying at LG. He's probably our best pulling guard and is actually competent in pass pro. 

I like Ben Powers at the opposite guard, feel like in the short amount of time he's seen the field he's passed the eye test as well. I definitely don't see him completely whiffing blocks like I've seen Fluker do. Fluker is an asset as a run blocker but a complete liability in pass protection, to the point that he likely makes us worse by being on the field."
"Ben Powers at center...

Skura used as blocking TE.

Ricard at right tackle."
"My guess would be: Brown - Bozeman - Skura - Powers -  Mekari

I believe this is the alignment they went with in the second half of Patriots game. According to u/Filmstudy, Powers looked pretty good at RG and Mekari was excellent at RT. This is also assuming Skura worked on his snapping all week during practice and the team feels comfortable with it. Fluker would be the primary reserve."
We've heard of the amoeba defense. Time to invent the amoeba offensive line.
I want Skura at guard a d Bozeman or powers snapping
I don’t agree Bozeman will stay on the left side so we can keep that side great for run plays.
""
What confuses me is why he isn’t unanimously referred to as the best in the NFL. Like when commentators talk about him it’s like “he’s a top ten kicker right now” or “he’s one of the best in the league” lmao nah he is THE best.
I don't know what kickers have to do to make the HoF but he's gonna find himself there one day. Best kicker around.
What's awesome is I'm not even sure whos birthday it is.  Stover or Tucker.
PETA would like to have a word with you about your title.
Money
Me and Tuck are birthday twins!!
"He also kicks footballs, not just goats."
"As a Steelers fan, it really confuses me that there’s people out there that don’t think Tucker is the best kicker in the league. Like it’s just a fact."
I just got a signed football from him as an anniversary gift. So hypeeee
The Instagram post the Ravens social media made was perfect. [Check it out!](https://www.instagram.com/p/CH25NrvHwEV/?igshid=1t9fairayoj02)
Scorpio legend
"Death, taxes, and Tucker converting kicks"
"Umm, Matt Prater would like to have a word."
""
"This is the funniest shit I’ve seen in a while, top notch hazing right here"
The fact Smith was 100% dead serious throughout all this makes it so much better 😂😂😂
DJ’s face is great
"Torrey Smith in the background too, great Maryland/Ravens crossover here"
Man if only we had SSS 2-4yrs earlier than we did. For sure would’ve gone back to back ‘11 and ‘12.
Lmao
I miss SSSR SO FUCKING MUCH
Steve's banter with Michael Irvin always cracks me up.
Anyone remember what kinda game DJ had after this?
u/savevideo
""
""
Stover was cool too 🤨🤨
We have had nothing but successful punters and kickers! We are so lucky!!
"White J. Tuck, Black Reed/Jackson, Purple Ray

This is the way."
Youngoat Koo as well
I got a Tucker jersey half sarcastically & now I'm dead serious about it.
My black Tucker jersey I got from a scammy Chinese site in 2013 is still all stitched up to perfection still! It just sucks because whenever I wear it we lose sooooo I may just frame it
Stover was automic the only problem is that he did not have Truckers leg strength
'Optimus Nine' aka 'AutomaTUCK'
"Haha jokes on you I wear a lutz jersey with pride



that being said I’ve never had anyone look at me seriously"
Aguayo if you’re a fan of any other team in the NFC south.
King AutomaTUCK 👑👑👑
Only ravens jersey I have
"With the jerseys I’ve collected over the years, Tucker is now the only current player I have. Everyone else has retired or moved elsewhere.

I’m actually thinking of selling most of my collection, but Tucker is the only one I won’t even consider giving up."
Matt Prater
It's Trustin Tucker!
One of my all time favorite pics
"it’s crazy how tucker is really the only kicker in the league you can ALWAYS depend on. younggoat is getting there
butker, lutz etc these guys be missing"
You can get a Cundiff one and wear it around town if you have fight club homework.
"First thing I do in Madden Franchise Mode, flip a 7th for this guy. Turns so many close games into wins."
Don’t like the Ravens but I would rep
Where can i watch ravens game online?
Blankenship is a pretty cool one too
"I know it wasn't crazy effective last year but I do recall some positive plays from it and it represented a fun little wrinkle in our offense that we haven't seen this year.

P.S. Fire Greg"
If it really would have helped our offense I think we would have seen that already
"Was it effective at all? Felt more like a novelty play more than anything else. 

This team will not run trick, clever plays like the chiefs, eagles, pats etc. It’s just not something we really do. 

Will always remember when flacco caught that pass back in 08 09??"
"Instead of designing packages for old ass Mark Ingram, who already has too many touches, let’s design packages for JK Dobbins"
[removed]
""
I see FtS I upvote. Simples really.
Post of the year!
"This is awesome. I’m getting ready to do mine, and you’ve inspired me to also leave a message."
A truly timeless message.
You are a good man. 👍
"Net Penalties Accepted: 32nd (Ravens have had 59 accepted penalties against them, 38 for them, for a difference of -21)

Net Penalty Yards: 31 (-250, only New Orleans is worse with -309)

Penalties Benefitted from: 31 (Ravens have accepted 39 penalties to their benefit, only the Texans have accepted less at 38)

This isn’t really a ‘rEfS sUcK’ or a ‘this team has no discipline!’ post, but more of a confirmation that our eyes haven’t been lying to us. It’s probably felt that penalties aren’t even remotely close to going our way this year, and you would be correct to think that. 

I’d also love to see how many illegal shift/formation penalties we have compared to other teams because lord knows it feels like we get called for those at a ridiculous rate. 

Source: https://www.nflpenalties.com/"
Yeah I don’t think the refs have distinctly been against us this year. I feel like fans always say this shit but ignore the fact that bad calls go both ways and at the end of the day refs are people too and not perfect. But yes we have been penalized a whole fucking lot this year. Like even when we were mediocre a few years back it wasn’t nearly this bad. Something needs to change cuz a lot of these are like drive killing holds or stuff that gives the opponent a free 15 for no reason.
"If you want to get 'tinfoil hat' about this then pull up the numbers by game. I saw somewhere that the Ravens penalties went way up after Harbs pulled his mask down to yell at a ref during the Chiefs game. The whole ref union was extremely angry and demanded the NFL suspend Harbs and really punish the Ravens. 

Just like how they spitefully refused to overturn reviewed PI call last year it feels like they're spiting the Ravens. Nobody has thinner skin than a ref or umpire.

Or our players are pissed and playing super undisciplined football. It's probably that one."
"Not 100% privy on what the best sources are, but [here's a breakdown](https://www.footballdb.com/stats/penalties.html) by penalty if that's what you're asking about. Illegal shift is filed under ""Other"", though."
"Other teams must be seeing something in film that shows our Oline lining up off and getting in officials ear pregame and during game about watching for it.  It’s the only explanation for why it seems there have been so many without the coaching staff fixing it.  If you Bug the refs long enough about it, they will eventually look hard enough to also see what you think you are seeing."
We have SO man illegal formation penalties from the offensive line not watching where they are on the line this year
""
Thank goodness the NFL blocked that sign and trade deal.
“Are you saying I can dodge bullets?”
Guy has been non existent the whole season. This sub was soppy AF for this guy. Glad that never happened.
""
"This interview is so awesome, Joe is such a likeable guy

It's too bad his career in Baltimore didn't have a happier ending. I wish the FO did a better job of investing in the OL and WRs during his time. 

But he'll always be appreciated by true ravens fans and hopefully he knows that <3"
">Q: Ed Reed.

>A: I swear to God, it seems like every game I played with Ed, he had an interception. He just knew how to find the football. And when he got to the football, he never missed, he made the play every single time. You get spoiled.

God bless Ed Reed.  God bless Joe Flacco."
 Me and Joe have the same favorite actor and food.
"I will never not be a fan of Flacco. I remember being pretty young (like 10 or 11) and just getting really into football. I was watching the college skills competition and saw Joe Flacco absolutely destroy the distance throwing challenge. Right after I watched it I was like, I want this guy to play for the ravens. I didn’t know anything else about Joe, and I didn’t even know if the ravens were in the right position to draft him, but I wanted him. Then the draft happens and I hear his name called out and I got so excited. My love for football and the Ravens will always be tied to Joe in that way. #EliteDragonForLife"
Damn I love that man.
I fucking love Flacco
And I hope this trend continues bc the banter is hilarious to read
"There's a lot of everyone in this sub lately, who knew there were still jaguars fans left in the world"
They get real cocky when they’re undeservedly undefeated... who am I kidding they’re always cocky as hell
I have too. They came out the woodwork on that Ngata post.
I'm just here to wish ya'll good luck against the Titans.
[removed]
""
"Why’d you gotta cut the pants, tho?"
Hopefully nobody pulls a hammy or all eyes are on u u/not_Making_Drugs lol.   Hope you get well soon
Big Kirk cousins fan I see
Suns out thighs out
"Damn, you're hairy."
""
That game was all special teams and defense. People forget the titans had two blocked punts this game deep in Baltimore territory.
"I will never not upvote mentions of this game.

They were the NFL's best team and Ray and the defense stole their souls on the way to a SB title. Last season's result flipped was similar, exception being that the Titans lost the next game. 

Eddie George was Ray Lewis' son 😂"
I loved how these nike uniforms fit on our guys. Looked like some soldiers
"This game sucked then, and this game sucks now :("
I’m confused. Where is Ray Lewis in this pick six?
[deleted]
Who steals a hat. What a POS
Bought it at M&T bank YEARS ago so I doubt it’s still available but trying to stay hopeful
"Fuuuck, das nice, also imagine ogden yeeting you."
OMFG!!   I had that exact same had and accidentally left it in an airport after going through security.... I hope you manage to get another because I too would love to get one again!    I used to wear it with this matching purple faded tee... miss that outfit for game days 😔
""
X gonna give it to ya!
I'd hardly call his first appearance a shot; it was one or two running plays.
"Dez stats: 0 targets, 0 rec, 1 block"
"Additionally, Luke Willson & Will Holden were called up."
"Can he please outsnap, outroute and outtarget Boykin."
"Worth noting he’ll now need to be elevated to the 53 man roster for the rest of the season if he’s going to play again. This uses up his last call up.

EDIT- NVM, this is a free call up since McSorley went on the COVID-List. He will still have 1 call up remaining."
"With Dez standing on the sideline: Does Boykin run his routes the right way and actually fight for balls? Last time he was active, Boykin bothered showing up maybe he’ll do it again. 

But I’d really hope they just move on."
No lie I had a dream last night that he had a circus TD catch in the back corner on a jump ball
"inb4 30-catch, 5 TD, 400 yard game"
if lamar is gonna be chucking sideline jump balls might as well be to Dez instead of Hollywood
🙅‍♀️
LET DEZ COOK
"Alright this is his last call up before being permanently elevated to the 53 man roster. 

Hopefully he plays well enough this game to have a reason to be elevated to it"
"I am sorry, but this is just sad and pathetic by the Ravens front office. Jackson BEGGED to have AB on this roster...and instead of listening to him you turned basically all your attention to to getting 500 DLs while ignoring your OL and your ALREADY weak WR corps.

Now Jackson and the offense is waiting on...Dez Bryant -- in 2020 -- who can't even properly secure a roster spot because OF COURSE that defense -- that you put all your eggs in -- is now looking weak in the one area you spent all your resources at -- run game.

Just unbelievable incompetence by this front office."
"I don't mean to be doom and gloom, but every Ravens fan unfortunately knows what our run defense looks like without Brandon Williams (Calais is a big loss as well). We all know how great Derrick Henry is. This could be a long day tomorrow (although the Titans defense is not great, and what was good of it is injured unfortunately). 

Who do you think stands up for us tomorrow, if anyone? Derek Wolfe helped a lot toward the end of the Patriots game. We won't be able to defend the Titans the same way though, because while I love Cam Newton don't get me wrong, today in 2020 you have to respect Tannehill more than Cam Newton, so you can't completely sell out for the run. 

So, who do you think stands up tomorrow?"
Nobody. Unfortunately we will struggle on run defense and lose that battle. Just gotta hope our offense wins out on time of possession and that Lamar has an MVP like performance 🙏
"I don't think anyone can stop the run like him.  Someone will have to play abnormally well.  Hopefully wolfe, madabuike, ellis, and crew can be impactful enough for our linebackers to flow and make plays.  Maybe jihad ward gets activated and can be productive too.

Lj Fort is playing too which is welcome.  Missing last week was a big blow to the run game as well."
"No one is good enough to replace his production. We have to compensate schematically either with heavier sets or creative run blitzes.

Obviously the fill-ins need to play their best game for us to have a shot, but this is largely gonna be a chess match with Wink and whoever their offensive coordinator is: how much will Wink sell out to stop the run, and can our secondary hold up vs. the pass if we do"
It would be a mistake not to play the linebackers in spy coverage this week to try and slow Henry down once he obliterates the line
Bold prediction: Madubuike/D-Line generally gets player of the game from this sub
Williams is a huge loss. Can't remember where I saw the stats but our defense plays significantly worse when he's not playing.
"Fuck it, play cover-zero. and stack the box."
"The clock.

The only way we win this game is to absolutely dominate time of possession and keep Henry off the field.

Its weird to say that since usually you're keeping a QB off the field, but hes going to be that dominant.

I really think madubuike could have a solid game though and hopefully Malik Harison can thump out there.

We'll see, but main thing is keep them off the field"
"Hello everyone, 

Here is the link for the Week 11 NFL picks-  

 [***https://forms.gle/HSwJjqVg5MtYKKFw9***](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?q=https%3A%2F%2Fforms.gle%2FHSwJjqVg5MtYKKFw9&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbGllanRpczJoTVJEcXZrN2ZxdURxNFRqTlpBQXxBQ3Jtc0trVnJRLUdzSWRTUzRkNUx4QmFRd0Zjcnc1aElVMWpTVVQ3MnV1bDB1aWljSTd5dFJNaE84S3lLYjFmQmd1bk13cC1iTlFEdG9saHdsR25JREtLSGVUNzRmTzBudmJoeldDbmNaQ1AzU3NTYWpVLWhkVQ%3D%3D&stzid=UgwJvo6tw1NMsWnzYPt4AaABAg&event=comments)   

The leaderboard from this week and the link for next week will be announced on Tuesday or Wednesday. No more picks can be made after 10:00 pm on Saturday night.  Good Luck!"
[deleted]
I'm going around looking for every team's best player in history. Who's yours?
Ray Lewis
Gotta be Ray Lewis!
*What would you give if tomorrow wasn't promised?*
Ray Lewis
Ray Lewis
Ray Lewis is probably the most important in terms of building an identity as well as being an incredible HOFer.  I personally would choose Ed Reed though in terms of who was the best player we had.
"Ray Lewis, Ed Reed, Ogden, Tucker, Yanda, Suggs"
Buck Allen
Ed.
Only two players have statues in front of our stadium. Ray Lewis and Johnny U
Ed Reed
"In order: Ray Lewis, Jonathan Ogden, Ed Reed, Marshall Yanda, Justin Tucker, Terrell Suggs"
Johnny Unitas
"There’s a lot of ravens greats, but none that stand out as much as ray lewis. Undeniably one of the best to ever play the position, but I think more importantly he was consistently for his entire career the spark to the powder keg that was the ravens identity. A leader of men on the field, a field general the coaching staff could put complete faith in, and played with an insatiable hunger and unending drive to be the best and demanded the same of his teammates on both sides of the ball. 

No player in ravens history has managed to have the impact that ray Lewis has had and to a degree continues to have on the entire organization. He defined what it means to “play like a raven.” Selfless, hard nosed, tough, physical football, putting the team above oneself."
"Ray Lewis, Jon Ogden, Ed reed, justin tucker, Terrell Suggs, Marshall Yanda"
Ray Lewis
"Ed, Ray, and Jonathan Ogden are among the all-time best at their positions so the separation is between them is miniscule.

That said, Ray gets the edge for his role as the General.  He was a legend on the field *and* off the field putting him at the top of the list."
"[https://www.pro-football-reference.com/teams/](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/teams/)

Click on each team and they give you the top 12 players for each franchise.  For the Ravens, it's Ray Lewis, and it's not particularly close."
#The Buck Allen
Ogden
Justin tucker. Not even close
https://youtube.com/watch?v=rgspNvFqRw4
"I also like how Ogden looks out of place due to his height/weight compared to the defenders. But being 6'9"" and 350lbs will do that.


[Here he is next to Ray Lewis](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/00/df/0d/00df0d0bc95c12d25ae93d25569049c1.jpg)


[The classic high school photo as well](https://img.bleacherreport.net/img/images/photos/002/432/133/9441639781_1f606327bf_b_crop_north.jpg?1375732184&w=3072&h=2048)"
""
We need to stuff Ellis and Madubuike together into a #98 jersey and try to pass them off as Brandon Williams. The width would be about right anyway.
Fuck
Shit
Pain.
Imma stay sleep 😴
"You guys should visit our sub, a bunch of our starters are down as well.

The doom and gloom in both of our subs is rather interesting, one of us is gonna finish Sunday in a very bad mood."
Henry is about to set the new rushing yards record against us tomorrow
Danger
"If MP Juiceman can take down Derrick Henry, so can everybody else."
I have a feeling that the defense will rise to the challenge and only give up 175 and 2 tds.
Goddamn it
Understatement
"So now we're on the ""hope Arthur Smith pulls a Roman and refuses to run the ball against an awful run D"" train"
Good thing I have to work today so I don’t get to see Henry break the single game rushing record against my team. 😪
As much as it sucks they need to heal up back end of the schedule is soft here soon can definitely finish 11-5
This is going to be a major asshole gaping exercise.  I highly suggest ample lube.
"Well, I will take a miracle for this front 7 to stop the run. The only way I see them mitigating this is if the offense can roll and get ahead so much it forces the titans to through more"
Henry for 178...yikes
"Offense just has to finish.  Can’t fall behind early.  Receivers mishandling passes that they had been tucking away all year is what set us up to have to play from behind last year which is what killed us.  If the O is efficient early today, we’ll be fine.  If not, it will be another long day vs Titans.  Same case as last year."
Key to the game is going to be efficiency on offense imo... Titans are set up to dictate the game of given the ball. Ravens will have to make every possession count.
"Get healthy, Monstars..."
"Literally drafted and spent off-season to not get ""henry'd"" and now there's a high possibility Ravens get fucked up yet again because Injuries. Cool."
"Bright spot, Malik Harrison taking down Henry with one arm and being blocked with the other"
NOT A DARK LORD BUT A QUEEEEENNNN! TERRIBLE AS THE DAWN
""
How did u do this with 100 passing yards
those player stats don’t add up who was scoring😂
You allowed 139 yards?  Pathetic.
Fuck the steelers
Lmaoo yo I thought I was the only one that did this 😭
FUCK THE TITS
OOOO YEA Ready for 5 Pat Ricard TDs. 35-0 ow ow ow
Man I’m ready but the PTSD flashbacks keep haunting me 😭
I am trying to get excited but I’m just not optimistic about this game whatsoever 😩
Caw caw!
hopefully this is where we start to turn the corner because we're better than this
Don't ya know a flock of ravens is called a conspiracy.
"Please beat the Tits, I wanna actually be happy today"
"Yea thats right, Ive watched 3 Ravens game this year we lost all 3 of them. Therefore I wont watch tomorrow"
Either you get player of the game or you break the curse and get to watch some ravens games this year
Listen on the radio. In 2011 I listened to games at work on the radio and they won them all. The ones I watched on TV when I wasn’t working ... including the AFC Championship with the dropped catch and missed kick...ugh.
Thank you for your service
"I didn't watch, almost, all of last season cause of my work schedule. I threw a, very successful, party for the Titans game....I won't be watching today either."
"I watched four total games

All of Chiefs, Pats, Steelers

And the second half of the Eagles and first half of the Colts game. I ain’t too lucky right now either."
this piece of shit got curious in OT didn't he
"I figure we are all lucky to even get a chance to see football this weekend.  I was sure the pandemic might truncate the season.  It still may, so watch the game and enjoy yourself.  You aren't a curse to the team, you're part of the flock."
you’re doing gods work
"Welp, it didn't work. You can start watching again."
you better not watch.
"Well now we know it's not you lol, we're just trash"
Same here lmao
"Must have been checking the feed on his phone, dammit."
You can watch again :(
Watch the game
"I have recently discovered a God-given gift that I have. I have the ability to make any team lose just by placing a bet on them. I have already placed a sizable bet on the steelers this week. Unfortunately this gift comes at a cost... Literally 

Might have to start a go fund me page to help us get that ring this year!"
seems like you weren’t the problem
It looks like you are allowed to watch games again.
Reminds me of the Chiefs fan who left the Divisional Round game last year when they were losing
Thank you for your service
I've noticed a correlation to prime time games and our losses...
All of us thank you for your sacrifice
Good news you aren’t cursed
It’s not you it’s us failing to win the big games. Watch tomorrow. This team needs to figure out how to win big games. It’s pathetic.
You have zero impact on the result.  Sorry. Peace.
I’ve just watch all our games so idk what y’all are talking about XD
I want to like this post but it has 52 likes...I'm not touching that.
Thank you! I was wondering why we've been so off...
"SAME! As an NYC based flock member, I've only been able to see the 2 primetime games (and the tail end of one after the regularly scheduled game ended). All Ls. Feels bad man..."
Ty.....jk we just dont have that MOJO this yr
Thank you for sacrificing yourself for the greater good.  Consider yourself a great flock member and great American.
You’re better than me. I can’t go through that pain again
We only get really just a few games to watch a season. Watch the games.
"Just watch my man. I’ve been to 4 Ravens games in my life (Live in NY). Went to the NY back to back games against Giants and Jets (2016) which we lost both. Then managed to make my way to Lamar’s first playoff game against the Chargers which we also lost. So I was 0-3. I decided to go to the New England game last year on SNF, and now i’m 1-3"
"I thought we were going to be undefeated when we didn't have fans this year because every game I go to,\* we lose. My theory is that I used up all my luck watching us beat the Steelers in 2015 (you know the game). 

\*my current streak -- 2016 at Giants, 2018 playoffs vs. Chargers, and 2019 vs. Browns at home. I was going to go to the Browns game in 2018 at home, last game of the season, so you're all welcome for me not going."
I thank you for your proactivity
Take my free award.
Same. Being a ravens fan in Slovenia is hard.
Gamepass is great just watch after the fact lol
"I just learned that I can't watch the upcoming Steelers game and I'm quite upset. Not upset enough to skip my nieces play (virtual) but upset!

Hopefully today soothes my pain."
"Nah bro it’s my fault. Seriously. 

Every game mirrors the prior week in my life. If I’ve done well (attended to work, watched my diet, avoided drama) we win. The year we won the SB for example I got a scholarship to law school and had broken up with a toxic ex. The dark years that followed I was struggling with addiction and family problems. The year we drafted Lamar is when I made major life changes and broke that cycle. 

Past few weeks I’ve been falling behind on grad school homework and been pigging out. But this past week I’ve fucking buckled down and also made some good stock trades. So I’m fully confident we win this."
Because that’s what hero’s do
"Thank you for your service, Sir."
its working
This is fucking sad
I take it that you must have tuned in after all?
"We suck 
Jesus Christ"
Well this didn’t work
"I just wanted to note, that I truly didn't watch the game."
It really doesn't matter.
Thanks you sir 🙏
"Listen Mr. PJExpat, keep ur eyes OFF the game. Plz and thanks"
"1. Wood floats.

2. Wood burns.

3. Witches burn.

Conclusion: If she floats, the is a witch.

#Watch the game and *try* to enjoy yourself!"
Browns fans went a whole season watching 16 games and they all lost yet they kept  watching Dont not watch cause you  have watched only losses.
"Don't do that to yourself. Our interior OL will play like trash whether you watch or not. If you want to watch it happen, just do it."
This did not age well.
""
Mekari played well last season if I’m correct? Let’s go big shot
I thought we were gonna move him to guard or something
This should’ve been done 2 games ago. The snaps have been a disgrace and I’m sure he’ll come back stronger but we literally lost a game last week because of it.
Feel bad for Skura but this is the right call you can’t be an NFL center missing snaps like that
"i get that everyone plays hurt. but when it affects your play enough that you can't do the bare minimum, just rest up big man"
"While moving Matt Skura out of the center position needed to be done pronto, I would much rather have Bradley Bozeman at center while keeping Patrick Mekari at right tackle (meaning Skura and Ben Powers would be the two guards). Center was Bozeman's natural position in college; and the Ravens even keep him in their discussions during the off-season to be the starting center this year had Skura not recovered by season's start. I get that Mekari has the actual NFL experience at the position; but what does that mean for right tackle, especially after Mekari held his own there last week in the second half?

Is D.J. Fluker *seriously* going to be back in the starting line up at right tackle? Oh, jeez..."
A week too late but I honestly was really concerned we would ride with him. I'm even okay with him at guard. He just has the yips he cant snap tje ball  that's the only thing that must occur on every play. If you cant snap you dont play. Its be like if I renovate bathrooms and all i do is shit in the toilet no ones gonna hire me.
"So how does the rest of the line shake out? Will it be Skura, Bredeson, Powers or Fluker at RG? And then Fluker or Holden at RT? I was expecting the line to be Brown-Skura-Bozeman-Powers-Mekari before this came out"
I thought he was still doing good at blocking just shit at snapping?
Good. It's about damn time
"Tough week for Skura. This is the best possible move, though."
So who's gonna be right tackle 😨
"Tune in this week, ""As The Oline Turns""....."
"No matter who starts today they are gonna get mauled. Simmons is a beast, also a POS who spat on Yanda supposedly in the playoff loss."
Awesome start to the game man! I mean really
"> After struggling last week to snap in key moments

Key moments = most of the game."
please dont die Llama
We can breathe easily now
Skura slander getting downvoted to hell in here lol
Move Skura to replace Mekari on the line.
"Good. If Skura is such a good blocker, we can just move him to tackle. But he has lost his right to play center for the time being."
[deleted]
[deleted]
"He’s not a bust. He’s been well worth his pick. 

That said I’m in the camp of not paying him the mega deal he’s gonna command because I don’t think he’s the type that can win with a lesser overall team like a Wilson/Mahomes. Nearly every QB who gets those mega deals ends up seeing their teams regress quite a bit."
I think he is having his sophomore season a year late. He is a great QB and will continue to be one until he retires.
Stop going on r/NFL Ravens threads. Invariably you get the usual flairs posting racist shit.
"""Should the Ravens move on from the 2nd unanimous mvp in NFL history who led one of the top 10 offenses in the past 30 years all in his 1st full season as a starter""

I dunno that's a tough one."
[removed]
"I get the feeling Romo says all the right things about Lamar, but low key he doesn’t think he’s very good. I feel like his praise is fake. 

Hope he balls out today and makes Romo mean it.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jyvwmw)"
"Regardless about how he personally may feel about our team, I really enjoy Romo calling games. He’s very good at articulating his thoughts on air, which mean a lot because I know he’s a former player. All other commentators sound clueless or senile IMO"
I like Romo calling any game tbh. He’s entertaining and he really knows what he’s talking about. I actually think he’s one of the most nuanced broadcasters out there.
Does he know Lamar's name? Does he call him Kyler Murray for 3 quarters? No? Then he cool.
He's the best color guy out there but he seems to root against us.  That's likely because the only games of ours he is assigned to are when we're playing a big market team.
I’m proud to have made it 69 for Fuck The Steelers
"He's no Kevin Harlan but yes, I like his commentary"
Romo is a great announcer. I don't think he dislikes Lamar. If anything the opposite.
Agreed.
"He's obviously good but I just can't seem to forget when he said something along the lines of 'I can't think of anyone besides Butker who could make that kick.'

I know it's petty but I can't get that Tucker slight out of my head."
"Lol it sounds like you’re inventing a reason to be defensive about Lamar.

Romo is the best announcer in the game right now, and we should be thankful when we get him instead of Ian Eagle for the 12th time in a row lol."
I think it’s interesting that an overwhelming majority clicked the top ‘fuck the Steelers’ option. I guess it’s embedded in our minds that surveys list yes before no?
I love listening to Romo call a game. Not since John Madden has there been someone as enthusiastic and familiar with the intricacies of the game.
Romo is great.  And if he doesnt think Lamar is perfect than he probably agrees with 99% of this entire sub.  Lamar is great but still has a lot of areas of improvement.
""
Gonna get an illegal formation penalty at least once in the game. It’s basically a certainty at this point
Don’t hold your breath.. The referee crew today is tied for 2nd most penalties called in the league
""
"Every week this season, I will be doing a crappy photoshop for our matchup. Here are the past week's submissions.

Week 1: [Don Lamar](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/irwb9l/oc_now_you_come_to_me_on_this_opening_day_and_you/)

Week 2: [The Texans Chainsaw Massacre](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/iwbbvu/week_2_matchup_photoshop_the_texans_chainsaw/)

Week 3: [Over the Top](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j1a0yh/week_3_matchup_photoshop_this_year_harbaugh_takes/)

Week 4: [He Got Game](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j4y37u/week_4_matchup_photoshop_he_got_game/)

Week 5: [Gladiator](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j92pjf/week_5_matchup_photoshop_markus_andrewicus_slayer/)

Week 6: [Eagle Eye](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jdeghk/week_6_matchup_photoshop_calais_campbell_will_be/)

Week 7: [Byecentennial Man](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jhs8gy/bye_week_photoshop_yannick_ngakoue_came_just_in/)

Week 8: [No Country For Old Ben](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jm1jad/week_8_match_up_photoshop_no_country_for_old_ben/)

Week 9: [A Rivers Runs Through It](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jqbi8n/week_9_match_up_photoshop_a_rivers_runs_through_it/)

Week 10: [Patriot Games](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jul54q/week_10_match_up_photoshop_patriot_games/)"
"There it is! Awesome! Harbs as the princess got me good. Props to you! Really feels like it's gonna be this kind of game too, going up against Henry without Calais and Williams. Hope this gets lots of eyes on it."
Oh I missed the elaborate memes in here
""
I'm hoping Madubuike and Broderick Washington step up
They’re also in danger missing a lot of their offensive line. May be a nasty game with a bunch of short gains for him. We just need to stop the chains from moving constantly and be ready for the quick slant to AJ or deep across the middle to the tight end.
Somehow the Ravens are still favored by 6. The only hope I have for this game is that Vegas knows something we don’t.
Heard titans are missing quite a few key players too. We'll see how it goes.
I think we sell out to stop the run which is going to put a lot of pressure on our secondary
Skybet have Henry 100+ rushing yards & Lamar 50+ rushing yards at 5/1. Seems like a no brainer to me.
Something is telling me Judon is gonna have a great game today
It’s gonna be an ugly 2 weeks
This is the game we figure out who we are and aren’t
understatement of the day.
"Halftime now - we are doing better than I expected. If we keep Henry to 3 yards or less on 1st down, we can pull this off.
Edit: final now - 😭"
Good call
Just proved right
Not the worst still would like them though
this team is a joke
Chuck actually did good
Henry is going to set records :(
Defeatist smh
My expectations are low for sure this week. Which means the Ravens are right where they wanna be for a super bowl run
I went to work.  I’m not gonna watched it.
Wherever it is set it is still too high.. Derrick Henry for 700 yds lol
Im just happy Henry is on my fantasy team today. I hope we win by 3 and Henry breaks the single game rushing record
I’m excited about having Deshon back there to tackle this week. He hits hard and tackles well. I predict he’ll have a very good game. And he’ll fare much better against Henry than Earl Thomas did last year.
Earl who?
Earl was Henry’s best blocker that game lmao
I understand elliot may have more fire but earl thomas is still a better player than elliot. Hes a step or 2 behind reaction wise.
Here’s to hoping!
"He hits hard but he takes bad angles at the LOS, which is where we need to hit Henry. But we'll see"
"Cant remember what game, but elliot was getting penalties and just giving up. View of him hasn't been great since the twitter comments though."
DeShon gave it to Henry
"Good point. Hopefully Patrick Queen can step up too, but he did not look good at all last week"
"Occasionally I can’t get the Ravens games because even though I live in MD, I’m closer to DC so it defaults to the silly Washington team. I have CBS all access but still concerned it will only show that local game of WTF vs. Bungles. Will it show? Anyone else in the same boat figure out a solution aside from a stream? Thanks!"
"It’ll be the WFT game. When I lived in Rockville, I used a real powerful HD antenna and could get WJZ regularly."
My cbs this week has 2 options one for the Redskins and one for the ravens. I suspect this may be the same for you.
"It’s possible it’ll only be WFT on your end

But, you could always stream the Ravens game online if you really want to watch it"
Same issue I am having. I live in SoMD and am wondering if CBS All Access will allow me to stream the Ravens game since I’m technically in area. Just hoping it gives me the option and not force me to watch WFT.
"FYI if u need to watch just 1 week, NFL Sunday ticket does a one-week free trial. Just cancel after the game."
Mfs a bird so he can fly fast
Forgot Poe was the mascot for a second and thought you meant Dontari Poe
[The Simpsons already did it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8rYx-zUYVE)
POEtry in motion
He does have a good wingspan!
It's not the receivers completely.....Lamar has work to do.
[removed]
""
""
Haha. I bought one similar last year. No one got the joke...
Real question... What happened to Gordon after last year? Any reason we never publicly looked into bringing him in?
He’s with the Seahawks
Because he's suspended and is currently signed to the Seahawks.
"Because he’s been suspended like 7 times in his career. It’s cool that he was talented a few years ago, but that many suspensions isn’t a fluke, it’s a trend unfortunately.

Also he plays for Seattle lmao"
Revenge game incoming! Let’s go!
Where’s the beer??
Anyone else have a better gut feeling about this game than last week?
Luke Wilson gunna get a short redzone pass for a TD.
Our defense and special teams are fucking awful I fully expect Ravens to score on the first possession.
[deleted]
Tony Banks was so electric when he took over that offense. It's a shame that he fell off a bit the next year.
"If you missed it, please google.  Stopped the show down.  I’m not crying.  You are crying."
"For anyone else who missed it and had trouble with the Google:

http://www.espn.com/video/clip?id=30363200"
All 5 of the hosts on NFL Countdown were tearing up afterwards...too moving.
Why am I crying up in this club rn
"Ngl, I'm still chocked up"
"Not a Ravens fan, but I just ugly cried the entire segment. Thought I was good and then started up again a moment later. That kid is incredible, may his legacy live on to inspire us all!"
Bro I just showed my parents and we all lost it. Most I’ve cried in a while
Espn often gets shit on in this sub which is rough for me since I work there but they did an amazing job with this piece for sure
Oh Mo 💜🖤😔
I didn't realize I was going to cry today but here we are haha Mo Gaba gets me everytime
NFL Network teased a piece on him for their Thanksgiving show.
"Welp, I’m weeping like a baby. 

Jesus Christ his mother is one hell of a strong person.  I don’t think I’d be able to talk to anyone if I lost my daughter."
"Hearing his unfettered laughter right at the beginning just crushed my heart.

God I miss that laugh."
Stop cutting onions
"We all know his story but it still hits like a ton of bricks.

RIP"
Dude I’m fucking bawling
"""Mom, I can't do it anymore""

I feel so bad for Mo's mom :(  
R.I.P."
I'm a Steelers fan and this piece had me bawling. It was so touching and I hate you guys but really applaud the gold MO in the end zone.
""
"Yeah they announced purple, maybe someone finally tore whoever was picking the colours a new one. Black on black would be so great"
I remember last year during the Pats game they were calling on all fans for a “Blackout”.. yet they still wore white pants. Extremely disappointing. Got the W tho
What is the yellow outline on the numbers though?!
"I think it's black , just saw tucker in black doing warmups"
I think it's Black/White.
Black
[deleted]
Sam Koch about to go off on Thursday....
NFL does not care anymore. Browns have a positive test every week only that player goes to the list. We had the same with Humphrey too.
I’ll delete if this is too controversial... but this definitely caught my eye. Especially with how mum the ravens have been about Trace and the NFL’s close-contact rule
"this doesn’t necessarily mean close contact though. i believe the rule is 15 minutes or more without wearing a mask, so it is possible none of the QBs are determined close contacts or all of the QBs are considered close contacts. also, McSorely doesn’t necessarily have covid, he may have just been exposed to someone with covid. so i guess we shall see"
[deleted]
""
"THANKS FOR THE PICTURE!

Honestly, you have a great wife."
Hey welcome to old age. I've been old for a few months now.
"Hopefully this means Queen is going to ball out today. Also, Happy Birthday!"
"*Caribbean queen
Now we're sharing the same dream
And our hearts they beat as one
No more love on the run*"
""
God damn. Aged like milk
"The funny thing is that 11/22/2009 was the date of the Ravens/Colts game, a game in which the Ravens lost 17-15. Billy Cundiff made 5 field goals that day; but he also missed a costly 30-yarder in the 3rd quarter.

So, the question is: How truly thankful were you for Cundiff at the time? (I get that this status was either posted before the game or after one of his successful attempts in the first half; but man, only if you knew what was about to happen.)

**EDIT**: I've just put two-and-two together and realized Cundiff's career in Baltimore started *and* ended with him missing a crucial 30-something yard field goal in his first and last games as a Raven. Whoa, that's kind of interesting, albeit in a not-so-pleasant-for-us way."
"Look at it this way, if we hadn't gotten Tucker we might not won the SB the next year."
Oof
pain
""
"The Cardinals ran a fake zone read against the seahawks that I think would fit in nicely with the Ravens offense.

&#x200B;

[https://imgur.com/a/puHZoBx](https://imgur.com/a/puHZoBx)

&#x200B;

1. From the shot gun, the qb and running back show a zone read look until they get to the mesh point.
2. Once they get to the mesh point, instead of the running back continuing across the qbs face  and carrying out the fake, the running back pivots in the opposite direction and becomes a lead blocker for the qb.

This would probably be effective against defenses relying on the scrape exchange to defend the zone read because the playside defensive end will take themselves out of position trying to cut off the zone run (especially if they aren't one of the extremely athletic ones) and the running back can then block the scraping middle line backer."
"greg roman and innovation, two things that will never exist"
"We tried something like that, I believe it was last week, and JK Dobbins messed up the fake. The Ravens did a dummy zone read into a QB option look with JK ass the pitch man. Just didn’t work out, but also a play I’ve seen the Cards run"
They need to take the whole playbook. This pro style option attack only worked with 3 tight end sets being a major factor. The loss of hurst hurt more than what the coaching staff predicted. The team has to go to a spread attack to be successful moving forward. Without Nick Boyle the OC can't keep pretending like it's possible to run the same style of offense.
""
Time for Queen and Harrison to put the grown man pants on and get ready to catch a rhino in the chest
"Fucked up the post format but the content is yikes:

Ravens NT Brandon Williams (ankle) is inactive against Derrick Henry and Titans.

In past 7 games without Williams, Baltimore has given up a total of 1,156 yards rushing (165.1 per game).

Here are Ravens' rushing yards allowed without him since 2017:

166

173

108

231

193

91

194"
"Ravens NT Brandon Williams (ankle) is inactive against Derrick Henry and Titans.

In past 7 games without Williams, Baltimore has given up a total of 1,156 yards rushing (165.1 per game).

Here are Ravens' rushing yards allowed without him since 2017:

166
173
108
231
193
91
194

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I feel like today is the day Ravens faithful fall in love with Mad-Boogie (Madabuike). Let’s get it.
""
""
Washington is my least favorite team because they take priority in local games. I hate them and wish them nothing but failure if they air on  CBS
I live in Vegas and am somehow getting the game. Super thrilled about that. Guessing it's a regional thing keeping you from getting it. If that's in MD... Welp that's some bad football to replace this game with.
Where do you live
It's such bs I'm in Nova and this shit always happens every year fuck the skins
How we streaming?
You must live in the DMV and not in the true Baltimore primary market.
Its on CBS for me.  Eastern Shore MD
Well at least in AACo CBS is the Ravens game.
[deleted]
"""how badly they're doing"" jesus christ lol"
Yanda
"Defense hurt, no stop run good

Offense loses 2/3 tight ends, no true #1 WR still, injuries, HoF guard retired, Lamars passing isn’t as bad as everyone says but it’s definitely not as efficient as it was last year but again having no actual targets will do that lol

We’re 6-3. We’re not a bad team, we just got spoiled by last seasons electrifying performances"
"- injuries

- no Yanda

- Hollywood is a bust

- Roman is trash and his play calls consistently suck

- we don’t use our actual food players enough (jk, Gus, Snead, duvernay)

- injuries"
Coaching
""
But why white pants
Seems fitting as we wore them in the playoff matchup against them.
""
"After seeing that bullshit pregame from the Titans, can I say fuck the Titans? Is that in poor taste? Because fuck the Titans!"
"Fuck the Titans and their fans. Do I want to see people get hurt? Never. It's just a game.

Seriously though, fuck the Titans."
This
We lost ggs
"lol yeah like these injuries are all freak occurrences, not one team headhunting the other"
[deleted]
""
Went to your profile in hopes of pics of your guitar collection.  Now I'm bummed
CO checking in. The Rocky Mountain Flock is strong out here
"Dutch flock was present,  though without the Maryland undies..."
"Hell yeah, same here Cali Brother!"
""
Fuck off Lamar has taken that hit 20 times this season
Why have Souljas who can't catch?
Dobbins has that same fire Lamar has
"I like how Lamar said this was not a revenge game, then the Titans come out and act like the Ravens have been dissing their moms all season"
All these Soulja not using their hands
Dobbins big gain...... doesnt touch ball again on the drive. Makes sense.
They've missed 2 obvious TN holds.
Re-up Bowser give him as many princesses as he wants
Gosh I'm such a slut for a good defensive series
"Friendship with Hollywood ended

Andrews is my new Soulja now"
Henry not as good without Earl Thomas lead blocking for him
"No matter what, Henry got shut the fuck down today without Calais. Martindale is a tank."
Lamar scrambles for 12 seconds and not a single WR gets any kind of seperation
"I love Ingram, but he's not RB1 material at the moment"
The Titans have 2 good seasons and think they can go back to 2000 trash talking everybody
Harbaugh needs to print out Hollywood’s dumbass tweet on 100 cards and give them to him every time he doesn’t play like a soulja
Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins Dobbins
Dez talks shit after every catch 💀love it
Is it just me or did Duverney play that really bad.
Got to give that defense big credit. They're holding it down against Henry. No room whatsoever.
Vrabel put your big ass nose in your mask
"fuck the titans already, why you screaming at us from midfield??"
Damn Malik Harrison just tackled Henry WHILE being blocked. What a G
"JK is averaging 8.3 yards per carry and Jackson is 2/8

I don’t know about you but I think the decision is obvious"
"can't hit them high, can't hit them low"
Ever since Harbaugh yelled at that ref without a mask we’ve been getting bs call after bs call 🧐
"#FIX YOUR FUCKING STUPID RTP PENALTIES

#THAT WAS CLEAN AS HELL JUST A HALF SECOND LATE. FUCKING BULLSHIT"
This team gets fucked harder on penalties than anyone else
"He was a yard past the marker, wtf is that spot"
What a terrible finish. FGs don’t get it done.
"Ngl I like seeing these scuffles, it shows the ravens are actually engaged and tryna win. You can tell when they space out and aren't focused. So far that hasn't really happened.

Roman, however, continues to fuck us over"
Talk YO SHIT DOBBY
My disdain for the Titans has increased tremendously because of what they did before the game. FUCK EM!
Hollywood looking like a bust rn man
Best Power back in the league and you dont give it to him on 3rd and 2?
Good challenge harbs.
That holding penalty didn’t take long
I’d like to take this time to point out how we are the 5th most penaltied team and we have the second least amount of flags for us
I really hope Dez gets more than one target in the second half
Meanwhile Joe Burrow just got carted off. Looked like a brutal left knee injury. Prayers up
Titans taking “play like a raven” to heart lol
Good challenge. Bullshit call by refs.
Every game feels like Ravens vs Refs.
"lol that drive was a microcosm of all our problems on O

-Gus and JK chunkin yards then get ignored

-Hollywood the Butterhand Soulja

-Lamar floating balls

DARKNESS 

IMPRISONING ME"
"We just can't blame our offensive woes on one person or one thing. There are so many things going on:

1. Really bad injuries to key players (Stanley, Boyle, and Ingram most notably)
2. Roman is just not calling plays to this team's strengths. Tough to watch sometimes.
3. Our receivers are inconsistent.
4. Our O-Line is inexperienced.
5. Lamar isn't seeing the field like he did last year, which is probably a result of the aforementioned points.

Fortunately, none of this is impossible to overcome (except for maybe the injuries--but every team is struggling with injuries). We can improve!"
That is a horrible fucking call. Fuck the god damn refs.
I expect a penalty whenever we get a stop on defense and whenever we do something good on offense at this point
How did we lose to the pats 😔
"I watch other teams and their WRs make all these great plays. Since SSSr, playoff Boldin, and the late stage Derrick Mason, this team has spent 20 years looking for a young elite WR"
We need to draft only O-line and WR this draft
I’m just happy we held them to 3
Good challenge.
"Apparently Titans were doing their pregame speech on our center field logo and Harbaugh got into it with Malcom Butler. Seriously fuck this team, hope we kick the shit out of them."
So sick of this RB by committee. Just run dobbins and use gus on third downs and Ingram on passing plays.
We literally have to play the refs every week
Bullshit ass call man. Come tf on. That's a textbook fuckin tackle
The Titans are failing all the way down the field how is this even happening
"Titans about to score off of 2 bad calls, then again that has been happening most of the games this year"
That was a Roman call lmao. New center. Lets run a wildcat play lmao
#what a snap by Skura yesss 👏👏👏
Did anyone else hear tony romo say “well they have Skrua” and then say oops other team
Jesus Christ I’m still so hype about that kill shot from Elliot to Henry. That’s the kind of hit that makes people not be so afraid of you anymore.
"Nah man, Duvernay did a shitty job of spotting that ball. Should've been his."
Ryan “Lamar Tannehill” Jackson
"Lamar makes a throw like that and everyone crucifies him. 

Starting WR make that catch."
Would love an 8 minute scoring drive right here.
Good challenge
Lmao refs doing everything to make sure we don't get a conversion
It’s fine Tucker 70 yard field goal incoming
"Remember when Greg Roman said he was going to change up play calling this week?

Pepperidge Farms remembers"
These Titans player talking to much man
Can romo get vrabels dick out of his mouth
What is Romo fucking talking about?
At least our Defense is playing good again
Alright guys I'm at work and my Wi-Fi is terrible so I'm going to have to live bicuriously through you guys
"DeShon Elliot is Cam Chancellor in the free safety spot

I thought we were getting a ball hawk"
[deleted]
He just head butted dez in the fucking helmet and no cal
"Wolfe is fucking balling today, damn"
This is why we need a legit number 1 WR. You think DHOP doesn’t make that catch. That’s what they are there for to bail out average throws.
Obviously a 1st down
Remember when the refs moved the Patriots ball forward past the first down even though they were short 🤔
Stop letting Tannehill get easy ass yards on every rollout
"Please Lamar, please just get it done. End the narrative. Get some revenge for last year. Show us this team actually has something about it. It’s on you"
"Chuck Clark, Marcus Peters, and Marlon Humphrey just gave up the ugliest TD a WR has had on us all year."
"I can't wait for the post about how everything is just fucking dandy and the people not happy about losing games are ""fake fans"""
"This one is unforgivable. You can’t give up an 11 point lead in the 4th quarter against a team that can’t defend on third down and just move on to next week without acknowledging something drastic needs to change with this team. 

Greg Roman needs to go. Hollywood Brown needs to make catches if he wants to run his mouth on social media. The defense needs to tackle. And when those things breakdown, which they often do. Lamar Jackson needs to step up and be a winning quarterback, the way Ryan Tannehill just did. So far, he hasn’t.

If the Ravens don’t have a sizable lead, they lose. They can’t play from behind. They can’t overcome deficits. They can’t hold mid-game marginal leads. It’s pathetic."
That was a great throw by Lamar... some Soulja lol
"Not even a second in the pocket, I'd love to see any other QB thrive in that situation..."
They don’t wanna talk about how that mf just tackled 2 people?
Dez definitely was open.
If they're gonna call that bullshit might as well tell your players to hit him as hard as possible
Dude we have caught the most bullshit fouls in the last 3 games I swear
How the fuck is that roughing the passer. In a situation after a 3rd down stop. Worst professional sport for officiating and its not even close.
"""roughing the passer"" lmfaooo"
# 89 IS OUR SOULJA
THEY LEARNED FROM GREG ROMAN THE BEST
Try that fucking wildcat again trash
REFS CONSTANTLY TRYING TO FUCK US OVER SICK OF IT
Wtf dude I hate bitching about refs but that's just fucking ridiculous
We need to start bullying refs till they quit or get better at their fucking job
They really fucked us with that spot on the last drive
"To yall saying why didn't Lamar look at Dez way for a jump ball. Why in the fuck would he risk a jump ball??? It was obvious, throw it wide open or throw it away for the FG."
"Judon with the 15 yard penalty on the coin toss, probably."
Can’t complain about a penalty that just needs to be a better throw
decent drive. Receivers still dogshit
JK has a right to be pissed.
JK is gashing them. So lets take him out and try to get cute
Yannick is HUNGRY todya
Imagine running wildcat on a crucial play and losing momentum because of a bad snap. Ravens would never
Burrow getting carted off with that gruesome injury after all of the other QB injuries should make us grateful that Lamar is healthy right now and to not take that for granted
"Time to drain the clock. Let Lamar run it, hand it to JK and Gus, eat the remainder of the fourth quarter and force them to go 80 yards in 40 seconds"
Yea that's a first
Stands?! Fuck yourself refs what???
This shouldn’t have ever come to this because Lamar got the first.
Don't worry. First round sensation Hollywood Brown will save the day. He's unstoppable!
"This is on Mekari.

Dude picked the worst fucking time for a brainfart."
Harrison has quietly been playing great football the last two weeks
Roman is ruining Lamar with shit plays.
"The fucking rookie is fuming at you, Roman, get fucked man."
Wow 3rd and 7 and no penalty to give them the first down. W.
"@Yannick haters that’s the kind of play that doesnt show up on the stat sheet, forced pressure to an incomplete on 3rd down"
DOBBY IS FINALLY A FREE ELF GOD DAMMIT YES
That was a thigh shot. Fuck this shit dude
Typical ref job
They should just rename roughing the passer to touching the quarterback
Refs have seemed really biased against us this year
"I loved romo last year, but his disdain for the ravens is ridiculous. I am fucking sick of his bullshit."
They're really trying to turn this sport into a non-contact nightmare.
Yannick first official sack for us but he’s been a force since he’s got here
Something has to be broken there. Didn't see it but damn.
Fuck the Titans but hope he’s ok
"Tits calling powers dirty is ridiculous,helmet hit him on the hip"
Skura playing for the titans?
HAHA FUCKING SUCKS DOESNT IT?
"Dropped passes, injuries, and drives ruined by bad snaps. You can tell the Titans have been watching ravens film."
"FUCK THE TITANS

FUCK MIKE VRABEL

FUCK DERRICK HENRY 

LMAOOOOO"
RAVENS POSITIVITY IS BACK ON THE MENU
The Titans franchise is such trash
Why is that not a penalty on the guy hitting Dez in the helmet after the play.  That’s a penalty on us every time
Duvernay fucking quit on that play! WTF!
Derek Wolfe has been amazing
We should not be allowed to draft anyone shorter than 6'3 this year
Elliot reminds me of Dawkins with his huge hits and how fucking juiced he is lol
We need a 10 minute scoring drive here can't put the ball back in Derrick Henry's hands
our best receiver willie snead
"Eagles are useless. Jags are useless.

We need this win. Fuck the titans"
We should simply... microchip the football and use technology to get the spot right every time
Lamar kills way too many drives with awful off target throws.
After going up 11 at the beginning of the 3rd quarter the Ravens have run TWO RB rushes...
"Damn, that FS penalty stopped us."
Lamar came back and tied the game.  Thats growth.  I want tobwin this game but even if we don't we are seeing a ravens team that is growing.
"If Greg Roman doesn't catch the game winning touchdown, I want him gone"
"They should be ashamed. Letting a team come in and dance on your midfield. Letting them talk shit and hit you in the mouth. They disrespect that shield when they play like that. The same shield Ray Lewis and Ed Reed built up. Shame on them. 

Embarrassing"
Can Marcus Peters learn to fucking tackle by the way?
It’s telling that I have way more confidence that they’ll manage to lose a close game than win one. Dramatic difference from last season.
This team is so soft. The Titans come out talking shit on our logo and then drive right down the field. They have no respect for us and we aren't giving them any reason to
"FUCK THE STEELERS

FUCK THE TITANS

FUCK THE BROWNS

FUCK THE REFS

FUCK INDIANAPOLIS 

AND FUCK THE WHITE PANTS

Can we get the purple or black pants back please?"
Yo wtf was that titan punching our guy at the end there?
Dez caught it?
"DEZ CAUGHT IT

that’s how i do it right?"
The fact it looks like NOTHING is changing week to week is a seriously fucking issue. Our coaches are looking overrated af
I don’t want to hear anymore shit from #15 until he can do his job
Every Ingram handoff feels like a wasted play tbh
"Fantastic play by Harrison, making the tackle while blocked lol"
"Out of everyone this sub has turned on, Queen is the only one I won’t understand. First year and he’s been solid for like 90% of his snaps"
Dobbins has a huge run. Pass the ball twice.
Delay of game and an opi missed lmao
Honestly Dobbins is our best rb by far
"Another BS penalty, that was not a low blow at all.  All the way above the knees, what a crock of shit."
You can’t hit in the stomach anymore??
Roughing the Passer has been ruined since they modified the rules. Tampa a week ago got flagged for roughing on a sack. It's ridiculous.
Always gotta give the opponent help in an offensive league. Fucking bullshit.
Refs are biased and you can’t tell me otherwise
Yannick showing up today
Okay so we literally didn't even want to score. Literally a Titans player got injured because we decided to run plays without attempting to score rather than just take it to half. Kinda of awful actually
"imma be honest yall, im getting to a point where im getting sick and tired of our playcalls."
That Pats game was the definition of a trap game with weather injuries center fucking up and all
#Stunt on these hoes Lamar
Lamar threw him open
Classic Lamar. Finally!!!
Now that’s a Soulja
Ok. So Elliot is better than Earl in tackling Derrick Henry lol.
Deshon Elliott is killing people out here
Opponents O-lines are *immune* from holding calls
The ghost of skura strikes again
"Same play as last year, different result."
About time another team fucked up on a snap 😂
"Simmons needs to calm his ass down, making contact with every Raven he can"
Well pretend that’s a punt... Smh
Henry is absolutely getting stopped. Good job D. He was the concern and hes been eliminated so far.
Could have eaten the clock to make it 2 score game but no we had to throw it deep
"Ryan Clark was 100% right. Henry doesn't truck big dudes, just little DBs. He's too tall"
"looked at the thread and thought we were losing, checked the score and we're winning even with all the injuries. Why is everyone so upset"
Why dont we get any holding calls.
Big stop for real
Feed Dobby please
Why in earth did they not go for it on 4th with Henry who for this drive looks good? Got away with one there.
GRo calling red zone plays for them?
Looked like a really shitty spot
That’s first . It shouldn’t even had to have been challenged
They need to launch some sort of inquiry into this bullshit.
Yo this game is seriously fixed
Derek Wolfe is an absolute beast!!
"Why do we have to deal with this BS every fucking week?! I know we aren't the only team that gets unlucky with calls, but we are DEFINITELY up there with the amouny of bad calls we get per game."
"I’ve never seen our defense play this soft and heartless. Baltimore is viewed as one of the best tackling teams every year and today our tackling, or lack there of, is killing us. Even if we squeak into the playoffs, we’re getting blown out first round playing like this."
Snead just have me a fucking heart attack
Good recovery by Snead
mekari stopped us from winning the game there.
If the center didn’t fuck up Hollywood would’ve had the game winner. These penalties are killing us
Best chance is a missed fg at this point.
I hate the fact that this loss puts us BELOW THE BROWNS in the standings
"When did this sub turn on Patrick Queen all of a sudden? He's not great yet but he's been one of the best defensive rookies, he had zero preseason and is still learning"
"Literally our defence leaves a guy wide open on every play, and refs only call holds one way. Every week"
Shoutouts to Greg Roman and our new 'identity'
That was a good playcall tho
"PI only on us per usual, life as a ravens fan"
Lol titans get all the break against the ravens that lb had no clue where the ball was and it hits him on the hand
Grab Henry by the turd and throw his ass down
Better hands than the Soulja
"Pay Bowser, let Judon walk!"
Anybody who says Roman doesn’t deserve to get fired after that drive is blind
"Imagine taking out JK, what a FUCKING JOKE"
"Dobbins 2 big runs...

GRO- ok that’s enough let’s pass now. Dobbins go to the bench..."
"Defense looks good,  offense sub par?

Ravens football is back baby"
Run defense looks soooo much better this week. Luckily one of our coordinators knows how to adjust...
Tony clearly watches our games: “Judon did well to not hit him in the helmet” lmao
I have zero doubt about Lamar’s passing ability. Just develop those receivers and develop better plays🤦🏾‍♂️
🗣START DOBBINS🗣
"that wasn't roughing, WTF refs

He was already in motion"
What a fucking joke of a penalty
Can’t go low can’t go high can’t do fucking shit
I’m sorry.  That’s a call that we don’t get when we are on offense!
"Romo sounding like an idiot on that, he hit him right in the dick. thats not low"
"I’m trained on 3rd down stops not to get excited, I always look for the flag"
"Soft ass call , we get like 2 calls in our favor a season"
Romo makes me uncomfortable.
This drive by the Titans is unbelievable in every feasible way
Ngakoue already has that Play Like a Raven mentality
Yannick is bringing pressure every single play. Major props to EDC for acquiring him.
"Yannick showing his explosiveness now, will we now start to reap the dividends?"
Yannick is killing today.
Ngakoue been reading you niggas' comments and he's very upset now 😡
Yannick hopefully keeps winning vs Sambraillo. Usually if a rusher starts to dominate it doesn't get better for the tackle the longer it goes on.
# cLiPpInG
Some of these US comedies look god awful. Do people genuinely like these shows?
this is the first ravens game where yannick has looked like a game wrecker.
For the most part a good half by the offense and defense. Defense held it down when they needed to & have contained Derrick Henry & the offense has been moving the ball
#I REFUSE TO BELIEVE GREG ROMAN IS CALLING PLAYS
I took a piss and missed the fuckin touchdown lol
That was Andrews Jackson chemistry!  Like a $20 bill
That is literally the play we ran last week that Skura botched LMAO
"lol... what kind of trickery was that?

""BAH GOD THAT'S GREG ROMAN'S MUSIC!"""
MFW the Titan's center says he has a cut on his thumb
They really tried to hit us with PTSD smh
Titans fans calling to injure Lamar haha pathetic
[Titans fans are the best ](https://i.imgur.com/reNyJ6s.jpg)
Ol' reliable Willie Snead.
Yeah he got it
Another awful spot.
This team makes me so fucking angry
"Ever since Harbaugh yelled at that ref, we are called on every soft penalty"
Watching Steelers highlights. His passes are the same or worse than Lamar's his receivers just adjust and make ridiculous plays.
Hate to be negative but this has all the makings of a classic Ravens loss
Calling him humphries triggers me
All Hollywood has done since complaining about targets is drop passes smh.
It gets clearer every week how Dobbins is the best RB on the roster
lamar seems like he’s making some decent passes. that drop by brown woulda been a great play
"I still have faith in this team, but the 2019 season made me forget how it felt to watch a ***real*** Ravens game"
I don't hate them more than the Steelers but the Titans are up there
Big play there by Harrison. Good for the rookie
And a little crow for the queen haters
Where are all of you cry babies at?
But queen sucks according to this sub cause pff said so
"Some dude said sorry Ryan, your WR is in another castle. Lmaooo"
"PUT RESPECT ON HIS NAME NOW

HE’S ROOKIE FFS"
Dez 1 on 1 is why you brought him in for.  Hello?
"JK running at 8 yards a clip?  Back to bench, I’ve got a sweep lined up for our power running back.  Gtfo with this nonsense."
"Just fire Greg Roman man.

Why don't you just run the damn ball with Dobbins?"
Wtf man at some point we have to start questioning HARBS for allowing the same shit week after week
Greg Roman took Dobbins out to make Gus Edwards look like a jackass
"Absolutely no one:


Roman: Lets take out the guys whos been running constantly and giving us yards. 


Fuck roman."
"Defense has woken up, offense can you do anything?"
I WANT A FUCKING TOUCHDOWN
"Dobbins keeps glaring at the sideline like, “mother fucker, DO NOT pull me out.” Haha"
Dez has been open on several plays...just sayin
YO SOMEBODY CALL ROMAN AND TELL HIM TO JUST LET DOBBINS EAT
ThE pReViOuS pLaY iS uNdEr ReViEw
This game cements the Dobbins is the RB1
"Note to dobbins:

Be rice, but don’t be Rice

If you catch my drift"
Dobbins is our future and it’s not even funny. Build around him like the Vikings did with Cook
"Greg Roman is like “#27? Never heard of him, lets give him a whirl."
DOBBY IS A FREE ELF
I would be bawling lol that looked like it hurt so much
He's diving at him while he's throwing what do they want him to do.
HOW IS HE SUPPOSED TO PULL UP FULL SPRINT GTFO
Yannick making his presence known
Ngakoue just needed some time to adjust to our D hopefully he eats from here on out
"Ravens 14, Tenesee 7, Refs 3"
"Titans, enjoy the three points from the refs!"
Oh my goodness. Shut the hell up about that damn review. It was like 15 plays ago
"Now Dobbins getting in it with the Titans defender??

Bruh I LOVE Dobbins' energy today!!"
Playing calling was trash there
1 timeout with 50 seconds to go and play it safe???? You have got to be kidding me.
71 yards in penalties in a single half lol
now THATS A MUTHAFUCKING PLAY RIGHT THERE!! Roman is living up to his comments this week!
lAmAr JaCkSoN cAnT tHrOw
#BeleeDat
lAMaR cAN’T tHrOw OUtSiDe
"Skura is doing alright just blocking, I think we should keep Mekari starting going forward. He did really well at the end of last season also"
"Where is everyone from an hour ago saying season is over we’re gonna go 8-8?

Jk, all love fam!"
DESTROY THE TITS!!!
ELLIOT JUST FUCKING KILLED A MAN
Sit down Henry. That ain’t Earl.
Holding them to a FG would be a massive W
"#71 got held so badly, call a fucking hold on them refs"
Looked like a skura snap
Let’s get a Dez TD on this drive!
Wow having center issues really hinders your ability to score points
"And this is how Dez Bryant gets snaps.   Our WRs are not very good, we can't ask for much of them."
That was on Duvernay. Gave up on the route
"Dez is having a better game then Hollywood and he hasn't played in years, lmao."
"Defense has *really* stepped up. Love the play of Fort, Queen, Wolfe today."
The hit on Henry is looking like it’s affecting him a lot. Big statement hit for the rest of the game though.
Damn I thought our injuries were bad...
That deep pass was the most idiotic thing we could have possibly done.
Henry is gouging ya and they pass? That’s some Roman level playcalling
Big stop
We **have to score a TD**
wow... surprised they went for a FG there.
We need a scoring drive now
That was a first down on replay. Worth a challenge imo
WTF?  I thought he had the 1st down too.
You have nothing to lose with this challenge.
"Man, I love the Ravens but FUCK this season."
"Let's go win a fucking game. FUCK. 

- Joseph Vincent Flacco"
"I want us to go ahead and drive for the win.

But I know we won't."
Anyone remember when it was like 21-13
Those routes were sad as fuck lol.
Wow our WRs really are that bad.
Regardless of the outcome that was a clutch drive by Lamar. Showing development...
"Bout to put Hollywood on a milk carton yo


where is this man?????"
good job peters keep getting beat all game
The offense in this game was specifically Greg Romans adjustments to be better. It looked exactly the same. Boot him.
This about to be a bad day for us.
"This team looks like it's given up. Bunch of fucking pussies since they got upset in the Divisional round.

Wish we had a suggs personality. Need some nastiness with the talent"
The most tight ends by all tight ends - Jim Nantz
Somebody needs to be Cam Cameron’d. Team playing with zero grit like wtf
Why can't we have a wide-open reciever also 🤔
"Defense is cooked until we get cambell and williams back. Greg Roman better put his money where his mouth with after his comments of fixing this offense, because they have to win it."
Dobbins is so clearly better than ingram yet doesn’t get a lot more carries
"Incompletion but I like the play concept, sliding max protection"
Defenders beat our receivers on every contested catch.
Lamar had him fire that bitch in there cmon dude
Hollywood should be named puxatney phil cause hes afraid of his own shadow
Sigh bowser to a 3 year extension RIGHT MEOWWWWWW
LETS GOO FUCK THE TITANS AND THERE DIRTY ASS TEAM
Patrick “Lightning” Queen
Excellent blitz forcing a bad decision by QB. Time for a TD
Someone just called Queen a bust like 2 plays ago lol
Ridiculous. Dobbins converts 2 firsts and Roman sits him to call garbage ass plays that our O can’t execute
What the fuck are these calls fucks sake
1st and goal and you call some random bs play that your players don’t even know how to run right... sounds bout Roman
Greg Roman has got to go wtf
"Say what you want about our receivers, but Mark Andrews is legitimately a top 3/4 TE and even he hasn't been great this year


It's the fuckin coordinator. Get Roman the fuck out of here"
I just can’t understand why Dobbins isn’t getting most carries.  The man has burst and is our best runner by far.  Are our coaches just blind or we refuse to change the game plan? Either way is bad
"Pleasantly surprised at the Henry containment so far. Yea he's getting yards but he's not trampling us as much as expected.

Our offense NEEDS to step TF up ASAP cuz we're gonna lose this game if we can't score on these drives. Roman...just give it to Dobbins, we could've had a TD and been ahead."
Starting to feel like a classic Ravens game. Defense carries and we can only score on FGs.
OMFG if we don’t feed Dobbins all game
Mandrews is WR1
Don’t take dobbins out for the rest of the game
Friendship with ingram ended. JK is my best friend now.
# FUCK THE TITANS
all jokes aside though our offense isn’t a well oiled machine like it was last year. The running back by committee shit isn’t working. It’s time to let JK be the feature back.
The fuck is he supposed to do? Tickle the qb till he drops the ball
Bullshit call as usual. Ravens **always have** one of those
I’m disgusted with that call.
"That’s fucking soft. Hit at the waist, was falling down, happened as he was throwing.

Soft as fuck"
BULLSHIT CALLLLL
That wasn’t a stupid penalty. That was absolute garbage. This team is undisciplined at times but that wasn’t it
This year has been really frustrating with penalties
Jesus christ.  Just hold them to a FG here.  This drive is making me open the Whiskey
Thanks for giving the Titans a free first down
Only thing Titans receivers can catch is COVID
"That penalty is going to let the Titans run down the clock, score right before halftime, and then they get the ball  to start the 3rd. That penalty is going to destroy all of our momentum"
Stopped them twice on that drive too
Doing a much better job on Henry this year. Knock on wood.
GOD DAMN Yannick is beasting
"Wow wow wow. 

Yannick not only forced the throw but stopped his momentum just to be safe. Great play"
Great job D.  Holding them to 3 after all the adversity on that drive is huge.  Keep hitting Henry hard
Yannick showing up big time
Yannick may not get the sack but the pressure has been consistent. That makes a huge difference
"I hate seeing guys down writhing in pain like that, crap."
fuck dude that made me nauseous. poor guy
Listen to those cardboard cutouts booing
DAMN THAT SHIT WAS NASTY. Hope he recovers quickly. Damn that sucks
Titans sub think Powers did that on purpose lol
Not passing here is very not Harbaugh.
Lmao Judon said fuck it
Defense is looking really patient in a good way. Not being over aggressive getting into the backfield and letting short passes and screens turn into big plays.
Thank god we played the Chiefs early in the season and have since adjusted to the screen pass
Dobbins is literally ray rice and ray rice is the most explosive player we have ever had
Dobbins is lowkey the best player on our offense right now
I swear if Lamar just gets a little more consistent with his deep throwing Idk how you stop him
EARL THOMAS COULD NEVER
this might be a lil irrelevant to us but prayers up to burrow. he seems like a genuine guy and it’s a shame to see him go like this
is that how you get out of having to go into concussion protocol? just grab a different body part?
LOL SKURAED
LMAO fuck you Vrabel you fuck
lol did we trade skura
You have a new center and you put the halfback alone in the backfield? Insanity
Skura's probably on the sideline laughing rn
Woo-hoo a center mishap without skura
Everyone shitting on Skura and I get it but he was pretty good before he got the cut on his thumb wasnt he? I expect him to be back to snapping once that is 100%
Hit them with another deep shot LJ
"Mom can we have Bill Belichick

We have Bill Belichick at home

Bill Belichick at home: Mike Vrabel"
Yo fuck dean pees
Let's fucking get it Dez!!
Run defense steps up then our pass def shits the bed
Alright offense we need this rn
Offense really has to step up and put at least 3 on the board.
Defense really showing up in the red zone
Henry is having a great drive and you don’t run it on 3 and 4 and short near the goal line?! What!!!
"endless handoffs to Dobbins, then FG. At best, they get the ball back with 1 minute remaining."
The ravens are a bad football team this season and it’s  long past time to admit that.
"We look so different from last year 

No fucking swagger or heart. Where the fuck is “BIG TRUSSSS” and stuntin on teams 

This team looks fucking defeated and I hate it."
Let’s win that coin toss and feed Dobbins
I just can't believe these fucking play calls. It's insane.
Tucker is the only consistent thing on this team
refs swallow the whistle when it's our receivers being held
Can’t wait to see the wonderful penalties we can get next drive to ruin literally everything.
It’s okay guys wait till week 17 to complain about problems that have been here all season. If you even give a ounce of criticism I will call you a fair weather fan
"3 & Out, then let them walk in a TD. This game is going be over by halftime"
2 weeks in a row Lamar throws a 50/50 ball to our WRs. 2 times the opposing team got an interception
hate their fucking country music loving city franchise so much
Just feels like the team all of a sudden plays with zero heart
"Blitz on 3rd and long ----> First down 

Blitz on 3rd and long ----> First down 

Blitz on 3rd and long ----> First down 

Blitz on 3rd and long ----> First down 

Blitz on 3rd and long ----> First down"
sOuLjAs
He is Marquise until he can actually catch
Dobbins looking good
"Look. I love Ingram. Big truss, all that. 

Why in the sweet tender FUCK are we not using dobbins at all?!?"
"should just try pulling henry down by his dread, nothing else works."
PAY BOWSER WITH JUDON MONEY LOL
FUCK THE TITANS. FUCK ‘EM
THAT’S Ravens D right there
Hated that playcalling
This offense is so bad and it’s because of coaching. Play calling and taking Jk out killed that drive coaching has been lackluster
"Deep in the redzone... time for a fucking field goal!

Flacco era vibes 💀"
Some of the shittiest sequence of plays I’ve ever seen
WHY THE FUCK DO YOU TAKE JK OUT
Fire Greg Roman literally right now and let Lamar call the fucking plays.
"Running it down their throats isn't good enough for Roman. 

Dude is lost. Get him out of here."
Dobbins is doing great? LETS PASS THREE PLAYS IN A ROW!
They really tryna jinx tucker
I can’t believe this is what we gave our FRANCHISE QB this season. Only team in the NFL that routinely fails to surround their FRANCHISE QB with great weapons. Even back in the Flacco era
Dez would have had that TD
Jeez did JK fuck Roman’s wife or something? Give the hot hand the ball what the fuck
#Ravens have not had a standout wr since Steve Smith Sr
"Roman: Dobbins, 2 runs with 5+ yards. Yeah lets take him out and try some garbage passes.


W.T.F. He fucking needs to go."
Why the hell was Dobbins sent to the bench never to return when he was the only one keeping the sticks moving on that drive...
So Dobbins fucked Romans wife? Or took a shit in his cereal? Our RB rotation feels like the opposite of riding the hot hand.
Justice Hill finally found his role on the team as a ST Ace.
Henry missing Earl Thomas on lead block
Again how do you line up Dez on the outside 1 on 1 and don't tell Lamar to take that shit 100%?
"Fuck the Titans man, they're trying to be relevant by acting like tough guys"
Fucking finally man. Now score with dobbins............
How many times does dobbins have to prove himself? KEEP HIM IN
"Dobbins and Edwards need to be the RB tandem. I love you, Ingram, but your wheels aren't what they were."
This would be a blowout if Roman ran it in with dobbins.
Should be a TD. Worst case scenario its 1st and goal on the 1 inch line
Dobbins is a beast... especially considering the banged up o-line he's playing behind.
It's clearly a TD. Refs out here demanding recounts like the Titans check just cashed in
Dobbins player of the game so far
Anyone loving Dez hype the boys up?? LOVE THE ADDITION 🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️🙅‍♂️
Queen is good. His face got rustled. We good yall.
"Me in the Spring: ""[Who needs Claypool? He's a worse version of Boykin who might have to go the Waller route. I like Boykin in a second year.](https://64.media.tumblr.com/57cb00eca4e9e46c42772a0883880afb/0567845762f90203-fe/s250x400/19d99706e24453bfa30dc26328d89ae4c62a1950.png)"""
This team gets fucked by tricks every week lol
"Wasn't that right at the waist, and right at the release?  Call seems weak to me."
WEAK call.
"We have to be leading the league in penalty yards, right??"
Soft ass call. Fuck these refs
Receivers named brown and dropping the ball name a better duo
fucking hate the titans so much
[deleted]
I feel like we stopped them 5 times on this drive alone
"I really try hard not to be a homer about bad calls, but fuck man that was a squeaky clean hit."
This drive is like what I would imagine being fucked in the ass without lube would feel like.
"As it stands there is no means for the league to hold officials accountable for bad calls. Until this changes, it's only going to get worse."
How many times were the Titans bailed out on this drive? And they still didn’t score lmao
This fucker has sucked all year and of course nails that FG
# FUCK THE TITS
Ok Hail Mary to Dobbins ez
THAT is why we got Yannick yall. Dude is just abusing the left tackle.
Why do the networks act like we care if they have a double header on their network?
"Damn, he's in some pain.   Hope he's ok"
JK is fired up today
We should be blowing the Tits out right now if our red zone offense was even a shell of last years
Romo been shit all game. How do you not know the holy roller
48 sec with a time out and we don’t even try to get into fg range?
Lamar shoving dobbins back in the huddle as HES jawin with the titans lol
Refs have a permanent residence in Baltimore’s stadium in the away team locker room
I’m not even envious about the Steelers dusty 6 Super Bowl wins. I’m envious about their constantly great WR core
"I don't usually care, but that was an especially bad halftime report right? They talked more about Roethlisberger and Deshaun than the game we're watching."
Wink is a great coach/strategist. I'll be sad when he leaves for a HC job
That was a bad ass spin Dobbins
Jackson is so good when the line plays well
Where are the people who said Lamar can’t throw deep and outside the number?? I wanna talk to them
My god what a strike Lamar!!
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼YEAAAAAAAA BOIIIIIIII
YELLING AT THE TV TIME! LETS GOOOOOOOO
No way Roman is calling these plays...
Refs pulling out the flag machine for the titans drive 🤡
Pretty sure that was outside the numbers!
"Now Mandrews got a TD, I want to see Dez catch one before this game is over"
"Shout out to that guy intentionally not watching the game, apparently thats all we needed"
Burrow's being carted off and he's clutching his knee. Damn that sucks.
DESHON PUNKED HENRY
I don't get what Peters was doing after he caught up to Davis there. Lazy.
The only thing I wanted to see today was Derrick henry get smacked I’m glad he’s not hurt but that was fucking awesome
Fucking Romo doesn't know how to pronounce the names of ANYONE on our team
LMFAOOOO Roman switched teams at HT
HOW DOES IT FEEL BITCH
Why the fuck do refs not call holds for us? These should be drive killing penalties and its never called
"Titans fans: Baltimore has some snap issues

Titans center: hold my milk"
Time is a flat circle
That just felt SO GOOD
Ok boys let’s go seal the deal!
ELLIOT SMACKED THE DOG OUTTA HENRY LMAOOO
The league owes the Ravens an apology for that missed hold call on 71. I cannot get over how bad of a missed call that was. Teams we play never get called for offensive holding.
Did they not watch us botch the same play last week? Lmao
Whats Soulja today? 0/4?
We replaced Hollywood with Dez 😂
Awful route by duvernay
Dez ain't taking any shit I love it.
"It was a couple of plays ago; but man, I was so excited to see James Proche get involved in the offense and grab his first NFL catch!"
That one was on duvernay
That INT was on Duvernay. Not Lamar. He stopped in his route and misjudged the distance. Rookie mistake.
This offense is a complete mystery they can look top 5 one drive and then the next looks like they aren’t a NFL offense
We need a turnover right now. God I wish I was at the bank caz I know they’d be playing enter sandman right now and the crowd would be fired up
Can't let the D get worn out.
If we lose i’ll never forgive them for costing us the opportunity to post that Lamar chip and pregame scuffle an entire week
Why does our bench have to wear masks but theirs doesn't?
"ive seen torrey smith and qadry ismail blame duvernay for that INT....

oh well. defense is gonna have to hold them here. damn, man..."
TD ends it cmon offense
"amazing hold by the defense, they may drag us kicking and screaming to a win"
Alright Ill take that. Offense just needs to do their job
FEED JK
"We need to just run the clock and throw intermediate routes to andrews, dez and our other WRs. We can't take deep shots. Keep on the up tempo short game."
Can we get a 2019 10 minute TD drive
Romo is digging Dobby’s juice
I’m getting the sense we hate Butler. Lol.
Give. JK. The. Ball.
Titans are bitches
I already went to the menu screen and went to challenge play
Nice challenge
Why can’t lamar make wide open throws ???
He’s wide open Lamar....
But Henry gets two yards when he was stopped at the line smh
"Bullshit spot, bullshit play standing and terrible overthrow. What a classic Ravens sequence"
How is no one actually on Tannehill on these boots every single time?
Reminder that we drafted Hollywood over Brown.
Sorry but I don’t trust this offense to go down and score. This game is over and so is the season
The Ravens are missing the playoffs
"That effort on Brown's TD epitomized this season. If this team doesn't make some major changes it won't even make the playoffs, let alone contend for a Super Bowl."
The overreactions in this thread. Fire all the coaches? Really?
This team is so incredibly infuriating to watch.
Please just win the game fuck Overtime
This game should not be going into OT
"ravens and killing momentum with dumbass penalties 

name a more iconic duo"
Gotta give props to lamar for moving it down the field like that.  Damn I wish we could’ve scored
Let’s put the guy who constantly makes bad decisions on the field to make this decision lol
feels like it had been forever since we won an OT coin toss
Notice how we just forgot about Dobbins in the second half?
I can’t watch this shit anymore
going just as expected
Fire Greg Roman.
Marcus Peters STINKS today
Only chance is an interception or a punch out and I’m not optimistic
We really are pussies for letting them come in and disrespect us and blow a lead like we did.
This is what rock bottom looks like boys. They assfucked us.
Embarrassment of a team.
Pathetic to lose to this absolute bum ass team
that fucking hurt man.. fuck. they came into m&t and fucking trolled us to start then clowned us and won. god damnit
DO NOT GO TO THE TITANS SUBREDDIT AND TALK SHIT!!!
WE GONNA WIN THIS GAME FUCK YOU PUSSY BITCHES SAYING IT'S OVER
Refs fucked this drive. Fuck you
"This team is just so ... randomly inept on offense. False start, bad throw. Dumb pick when we're driving with momentum. Come on."
Call me fair weather fan IDGAF I have zero confidence in this offense completing a comeback drive
Fuck the titans man
Yet another holding call.  I hate the way that the Ravens seem to be the only team that holds.
Sweet there was our one play to Duvernay for the game.
I get Lamar is Lamar but we can’t always rely on him to convert 3rd down by taking on LBs
Nice drop soulja
"Fuck Hollywood ""Soulja"" Brown"
Ah there we go with the drops soulja
Just never take a WR in the first round again. Gets my hopes up
Soulja. Hollywood. Try Detroit.
Hollywood was already thinking about diving...hence drop the ball
Get Ingram tf outta there and get gus and Dobbins in. Let Ingram be a Cheerleader until he’s healthy
"Ctrl+f ""soulja""

41 results

lmao"
Lamar put some more heat on the ball man
How is this not a penalty?
"I think my hate for the titans is nearing steelers level. I'm still pissed about what they did pregame, too much trash talk and I hate Vrabels face. Where is this fire in the players on the field?"
Damn Malik bodies that guy AND henry
Malik just tackled two dudes
Harrison made the tackles whilst blocked 😂
If they don’t put in Dev the Dude Duvernay🤬
Wow Malik what huge stop
Did he say McQueen
LETS GOOOO QUEEN LIT HIM UP!!!!!
"Ok, offense. Don’t blow this."
Every time Romo talks about the ravens you’d think we’ve won the past 5 Super Bowls
**McQueen comes in!**
Queen heard us talking shit and Bowser heard us calling him a bust and just told us to fuck off
Whoever  is responsible for taking Dobbins out of the game needs to be fired AT HALFTIME.
This red zone offense is hot garbage
If we just ran JK 3 times we're in
Lmao the Titans are one of the worst red zone defenses in the league and this is what the Ravens do
What am I watching rn? This is high school level offense
"Let's take Dobbins with his momentum away, and lose yards with Gus and that stupid play"
2 weeks in a row how can you not score with Lamar in the redzone fire Greg roman fuck his ass I'm done
Our insistence on not putting dobbins in more is one of the more confounding things of any offense in the NFL. Particularly with an offensive line that’s made up of backups
Dobbins was gonna score. Greg Roman: Nah take him out and throw the ball. Fuck Roman. Fire his fatass
"This offensive line is fucking pathetic.

Feels like an L if they can't get their shit sorted and not lose on every single snap."
Fuck Greg Roman
just fucking run it up the middle two times and try a fade to dez. higher chance of success than whatever the fuck that was.
I love how Dobbins was slashing the Tit's D and then we just take him out of the game to throw three straight incomplete passes
Harbaugh deserves just as much blame as Greg Roman for allowing this farce to continue. Lamar saves his career and this is how he repays him?
"Great 3 and out, D!"
Fuck the Titans
Marlon shouldn’t be playing special teams
I wanna see Lamar throw up a 1 on 1 to Dez and see what happens
JK has Ray Rice vision and cuts with better speed
"*Dobbins runs for 10 yards a carry*


Roman: GET THIS MF ON THE BENCH STAT"
"dude I have no idea how they still think Ingram is productive

JK and Gus have looked so much better than him even going back to last season. I really dont understand"
In fairness the ball is late on lamars part
Csn you have a worse name than Holden as an o lineman
Dobbins will punch it if it's short.
"Ngl I love to see Dez in there, just wish he got more looks!"
I want Ricard to get a TD :(
Dobbins taking over as RB1 today.
"First Down: Dobbins, Second Down: Dobbins, Third Down: Dobbins."
Dobbins is a free elf!!
I wanted Ricard to get a TD but I also like Dobbins getting it too
"THE PREVIOUS REVIEW IS UNDER REVIEW

THE PREVIOUS REVIEW OF THE REVIEW, IS UNDER REVIEW"
These long ass reviews ruin watching the game live
Offense has more time to plan the 2-point conversion if they keep reviewing plays 👆🧠
I can’t wait till Dobbins rips off a fucking 90 yarder. He’s more than capable.
[deleted]
I hope elton and bernie got a ton for that rakuten commercial cuz thats embarrassing af
Can easily be OROY. Just feed him
Dobbins > Henry
I think JK is now our lead back
Rub some dirt on it Queen.
Fuck the Titans
THAT IS A TERRIBLE CALL! THAT WAS NOT BELOW THE KNEE
What are you supposed to do then? As a defensive player jfc.
RTP is one of the dumbest penalties in the game
HE HIT HIM AROUND THE WAIST ROMO
I would love a questionable call stat because I swear it’s always us
Room fuck off- ur only famous for being a Cowboy 🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼
"Idc what people are saying, Yannick has been disruptive af even if he's not getting all the way to the QB"
Someone needed to scoop that ball
"They called that a fumble? That actually fucks us on time, damn"
Yannick has been screaming off that edge all day
91 owned this sequence
"I LOVE Yannick. What a player. We need to lock him down, should be a priority."
Yannick is starting to get home. Exciting stuff.
Crazy there’s a team that drops more passes than us
Okay can we find a way to keep Ngakoue? we need for our future years
Gostowski never misses against us so those stats don’t matter
Can you imagine this D when Calais gets back? Can't wait.
Yikes.. hope he is okay
no more injuries :(
Why call timeouts and then run it lol
Shit that looks horrible. Hate to see it on either side
Yannick getting held or hit in the face every single play.  Still fighting through it.
"Honestly a clean block IMO

But he got hurt, so its a penalty!"
Can someone explain why we didn’t want to go for points there? Why did we take timeouts? Literally makes 0 sense man
Lamars passing is gonna go crazy once he clicks with bryant
That nfl shop commercial is getting old
We’re playing better than they are. Hope we can pull it out
Yannick is getting use to our style of play glad he is putting it together
Ready to see Justice hill bring the hammer down again
Defense has done a mostly great job on these screens today.  They've been a weakness all season.
Bruh where tf was this run defense in the playoffs
u/supersaiyansandwich you good? Haven't seen you for a while
Romo loves Dez lol. You can hear him trying not to gush but he's still doing it
Vrabel is a BITCH
Thank you insulin shots for everything
This is a underrated rivalry tbh Ravens and Titans fucking hate eachother
FUCK
"No more complaining for Hollywood, a tight end is a better deep threat than he is"
That’s a dime Lamar
Was that an actually interesting route combination? Well I never...
 But Jackson can't throw /s
Dime
"To his credit, Hollywood sucked the safety away for that TD."
EARL WHO
That ain't fucking earl thomas boi
ELLIOT THE KING SLAYER!!
What the fuck kind of tackling was that peters? Lmfao man.
I feel like Peters is good for a burn once a game
Damn my condolences for Burrow. I really like the guy even though I hate the Bengals. That looked brutal.
I guarantee Lamar meant to do that shit to Butler. Defending his coach. His did that shoulder pad taste Butler?
Karma is a bitch. Shouldn’t have talked so much before the game.
Lmaoooo Skura’s playing for the Titans now?
Matt skura the double agent
ok what was the point of that play? why was henry being snapped the ball?
Foot on the throat no mercy
"Man Burrow's injury looked awful, I'm genuinely so sad"
Duv should have kept chasing the ball. He stopped the route too early. Its ok. Let lamar take shots while we have the lead.
"You call it an interception.

I see a really solid punt that pins them deep."
I wish we would let Lamar air it out to Dez though.
Win the quarter win the game let’s go
This is all on Roman. We were up and instead of running we threw the game
"It wasn't well executed but you have to stretch the field occasionally.  INTs are always annoying, I get it.  The outcome was essentially a punt though.  Relax."
"seriously this is the most fucking retarded crowd noise in the entire league. who tf recorded that ""ooooooooooooh"" screaming dude and who's playing it for 3 fucking hours? seriously"
How is that not first
"This is a great drive after they scored points. Spell the defense and take some momentum from Henry. 

Good job O, complimentary football."
Absolute fucking bullshit
"This is fucking rigged, what the actual fuck"
Yall say the nfl isn't scripted lmao
Fuck the refs man they are such shit heads
Romo drunk today
fuck the way they spot the ball for real
"I know a lot can happen, but I think I need to turn the game off for my mental sanity"
Peters outside of getting turnovers has not been good in coverage lately.
What the fuck is this tackling
"Well, if Lamar would have made that throw to Andrews perhaps we wouldn't be relying on our beat to shit defense."
We’re pretenders
"This is honestly our season here. If we can go down and score it would give me some
hope for the season and I think the team some hope too.  If we don’t and lose, we’ll maybe 2021 will be better."
Lamar needs a career highlight here. Needs to prove he can take over in these moments
Friendly Reminder we just need a FG
"Come on, guys. Save the season. Take it all the way to the house."
Lamar to Hollywood ftw
There need to be team fines for missed tackles this is ridiculous
FOR FUCKS SAKE THAT WAS A TD
I'm going to shit my pants if we get a td here
NO TURNOVER
These fucking false starts I swear to god.
This shit should not even be those close. Execution has been awful
2nd and 6 with a timeout. Run the ball
Receivers all standing still LOL
Watch us give up a TD.
MR AUTOMATUCK
Seriously no one could get open??? Jebus
It is uncanny how many dumbass penalties have screwed us this season. Our momentum never gets a chance to build
"Helluva 2 minute drive from Lamar and Co. I wouldve liked if they went and tried a Lamar run on that third down, I dont think the Titans were ready for a run"
Judon clutch on that coin flip!
"Ok boys, a TD and we win! LETS GOOO"
Go win this thing Lamar
Score a TD and send them home
This fucking team never has juice when it matters
Fans are allowed to get mad lmao this has been a messy game by everyone not named Dobbins or Tucker
We just don’t deserve this
Must be nice to have fucking receivers open once in a while fuck
And there still has not been a flag on Titans offense.
So Houston can beat New England but we can't?
Trash receivers getting wide open against this “elite” secondary
Their receivers are wide the fuck open while our guys cant get 2 fucking inches.
"Mods, just start the blame thread already."
"So the Titans come into our turf, disrespect our logo, and then come back from a 21-13 deficit and beat us in OT. This team is a dumpster fire"
Can we get a WR next year? Instead of peeling Dez off the couch and Instagram hero Hollywood
Marlo and Peters have been cooked all day SMH
[deleted]
Why is throwing away the lead our favorite hobby. This is depressing.
Game was over when they let Brown walk into the endzone 🤷‍♂️
I at least love how Harb didn’t shake dudes hand at the end of the game.
That’s on Duvernay.
glad to see Dez giving 100% there...
FG? They don't respect our offence at all. Makes sense.
"That’s just a bad throw by Lamar

Andrews should’ve had the TD"
"That was maybe the actual softest roughing the passer ever, fuck you Romo. He hit him around the waste just as he threw it"
We could be 8-3 and 1.5 game back for the division if we win today and Thanksgiving. I hope the team realizes this...
Titans only talking shit because they know that playoff win was a FLUKE. Run that game back 9 times outta 10 we win
HENRY GOT BITCHED BY ELLIOT SPAM THIS ALL WEEK LMAO
Vintage flacco arm punt
"""wE aRe 6-3 sO SpOiLEd cUz oUr tEaM pLaYS bAd""

Correction. 6-4 still not worried?"
Bold Predictions. Dez will score a TD today. We will somehow hold Henry under 100. We get a Jackson 5 today.
I'm very nervous about this game. I just don't see how we get it done without BWill and Calais.
Welp offense gone offense
Hold. Huge hold
This team ain't making the playoffs
The FB false started on that play just saying
"Fuck man, i hate the titans"
Looks like Harbs is the only one who showed up to fight today so far. They s on our crest and we don’t care.
"You know, it seems like every game, people just keep saying “chill, we’re only _________.”

And I keep thinking to myself, what about this season has made anyone want to chill? This season is the perfect season to not chill. This season is the perfect season to worry."
I'm glad my expectations for this team are low at this point but jfc this is pretty sad so far
We get a 3 and out.....and they Ramrod us on their first drive. Where’s the fight at in this team!?
"Going to start looking at mock drafts pretty soon. How emasculating it is for a team to absolutely rip you apart when you're the #1 seed at home last year in the playoffs, then they come dance on our logo before the game, we go 3 & Out, and they have absolutely zero problem scoring a TD. It's like a big brother bullying a little brother.

I don't know what has to change but this team is pathetic"
Ingram is a waste of a down rn
What's the point of having souljas if they drop wide open?
"Brown dropped it because he was afraid of getting hit.

If you cannot make that easy catch then wtf are you doing in the league."
"And that right there is why I give Lamar so much leash. The drop the easiest fucking shit, how horrible do we think their other shit is like route running and decision making on options etc."
karma for hollywood’s tweet😭
Surprise surprise...Hollywood drops the ball.
Why even put Ingram out there when we have a RB that does each role better
Lamar late on the throw for an easy TD
I don’t wanna hear shit from Hollywood until he starts producing. “Soulja’s” don’t drop passes that High School receivers would catch
"Daaaaaamn.  

Thats what we suit Hill up for"
Hill with a sledge hammer. How the hell that guy held onto the ball I don’t know.
We just aren’t stopping Henry without Campbell or Williams
lets put hill as a 3rd safety
Great play by Harrison.
What a fucking play by Malik
Huge play by Leek
BIG MALIK!!!
Harrison is STRONG lol wow
1st quarter FLEW by
Lets fucking go tyrus!!!!!
“Steve McQueen ran that man over.” - Antonio Romo
#YASSSS WHAT AN INTERCEPTION
YALL I SAID WE NEEDED A TURNOVER LETS GET IT HUGE PLAY BY BOWSER
I need Lightning McQueen flair
WHY YOU TAKING DOBBINS OUT
Need to stop fucking around and keep JK st #1. This is pathetic coaching.
Those last 3 plays were pathetic
"This Offense always seems to change shit up when its working. JK has momentum and all of a sudden he is taken out. Leave the man in, he's hyped af."
Roman needs to fucking go
Jfc tucker is gonna score all the points aint he? Back to Flacco days
Lamar throwing it off his backfoot squarely into the ground with pressure straight up the middle.
"Feels like GRo is pulling the same move as the Game of Thrones writers by ""subverting expectations"" and having similar results."
These routes are fucking awful Dez was running into a safety
At there 22 yard line 3 point fan fucking tastic
Bring all receivers to within 5 yards of line of scrimmage and bring in our 4th string running back. Fucking clown Roman
Bryant was open. He isn’t going through his progressions properly.
This is starting to feel like the Flacco years with a three and out or field goal on every drive.
Nothing like some greg roman magic to kill the momentum. What were those plays??
That is the exact play call we all ask for and Lamar just didnt even look
"i gotta say, if your name is greg with a last name of roman, I hope I see you nowhere near our org next year"
There's no clearer evidence to fire Greg Roman than that drive right there. Defense gives you a short field and you don't capitalize? Get out of here.
"Literally 1 good play every 5 snaps. Roman is **garbage** anyone who defends him thinking he's calling a nice game is just delusional. And yes, I include you stupid ass pundits from Baltimore beatdown and these other dumb sites."
This o line is ass
Lamar is a problem you have a slant and man playing 10 yards off you go there every single play every single time always and forever
"If only there was a player who was eating up chunks of yards that we could play. It's like they don't want to disrespect Gus/Ingram, but Dobbins has been electric on every play."
god dobbins rips off two great runs and they take him out for the rest of the drive lmao
Fuck RB by committee. JK is the only one doing shit out there.
Yo we got some points on the board could’ve been worse. But fuck you Greg Roman
Greg Roman’s playcalling is trash. Thank God we can at least get into Tucker’s range
Greg Roman is the guy that selects random plays in Madden
Fuck the titans
"Front 7 is locking in, great job"
Brown runs an incredible route because he pushed Humphrey 5 yards off him.
"""Brown runs an incredible route!""

As they show a full extension push off on replay."
"Feel the momentum shifting here.  

2nd half is gonna be fun to watch."
"So I'm convinced Romo doesn't know who McPhee is, this is the second time now he has called him Judon"
"Just feed Dobbins Roman, pls you dumb mother fucker"
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU ACTUALLY PLAY TO YOUR STRENGTHS?
Hold up..... The dolphins 6-3????
Lamar needs to throw that sooner
Its just andrews he is our wr core
"that was a risky play call considering none of our receivers can catch reliably

Thank god Andrews caught that"
Thank god my dogs name isn’t Greg. He’d be beside me all game.
Punch it in with Dobbins let’s go
Give it to dobbins
I bet you we try to throw it....
Let’s run the wildcat to Ingram!!! /s
Feed dobbins for the rest of the game. Stop the other shit
Roman appears to have caught on to the fact that he has a good running back he hasn’t used
"I love how Dobbins after his good runs looks at the air like ""I told y'all to leave me in"""
Can we finally start feeding Dobbins as the #1? He clearly is that.
This officiating this year literally is turning me into a conspiracy theorist. Like how do we get fucked over and over again
NFL has become such a fucking slow product man.
The Baltimore Robbing Dobbins. Thanks Jim!
Dobbins got me throbbin
#JK ALL GODDAMN MOTHERFUCKING DAY INJECT IT INTO MY VEINNNNNNS
Dobbins leading the league in awkward touchdown celebrations
JK BUT HE AINT KIDDING!!!!
Bruh our kickoff unit is murdering them on special teams lmao
"Hey we already surpassed our total number of points in the divisional game 

*cries in corner*"
Humph gonna be getting clowned for that Tannehill juke
Queen sat up like the undertaker lmao
Lmao Harbs has got to be calling these kicks short on purpose. That boy is getting FUCKED up every time lol
Queen isn’t badly hurt just looked like his nose got fucked up maybe broken
Painful hit. These guys are tough. He’ll be okay. Adrenaline will keep him going.
Tannahill has the longest run of the game...
I hate when I'm watching commercials and they cut in with 30 seconds of football
Of course they get an auto first down
That wasn’t low. Fuck you Romo
That was not low.  It was at the waist
FUCKING REFBALL EVERY TIME MAN
Ref ball again!
He hit him at the waist and fell down to the legs... that's not a penalty.
Horseshit call
How the fuck was that going low
Weakest fucking call. That was right in the chest
What the fuck that wasn't late or low
Yay refs fucking us again
Holy fuck this penalty shit gotta stop I feel like we get a god damn roughing every game on a 3rd down stop
"Good thing we’re the most penalised team in the league, makes it easier to win games"
"When you stop Henry this team is very different, then they have to rely on on their QB"
Yannick has been huge for us we can actually run 4 man pass rushers now
Mask goes over your nose Jackson
They gave Yannick the sack!!!
Yannick having a hell of a game
Ngakoue is ballin out
Good shit D. Good way to end that bullshit drive
Ngucci is playing possessed now! I love it
The one time Gost doesnt miss smfh
Yannic showing out!
Yannick just earned his contract
I knew that was a fumble live reminded of the 2010 pit playoff game. What were we doing
Shit hope hes ok
Wish we had performed better in the red zone
"Guys, giving to Dobbins is our best play lol."
Why we running the ball with 48 seconds left?
Last year we would’ve at least attempted to go for a score
Roman showing he cant dial up passes here lmao. 50 seconds and a timeout and thats what you do? Lame af
"Man, yoy gotta feel bad if your the guy who caused the injury too."
That injury was so fucking gross
"**Primo Halftime Content (funny, i promise)**

[Dramatic Gopher Leads to Missed Field Goal (Minnesota Gophers)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01pLMqaQKzI&feature=share)"
Same hit as McPhee both legal
We need a TD on this drive here
This defense will be back to tops in the league when the D Line gets healthy
"Great Stop D, Lets get long surgical drive with a TD at the end of it!!!"
"That's some classic Ravens defense, I love it so much."
Guys I’m happy to report I’m behind the bar smoking so we’ll get a touchdown
What up to all the lurking titan fans that are already rattled unnerved by injury ridden Ravens defense.
THROW UP THE MFING X
Dez looks hyped
DEZ GOT A CATCH!!
Yo if DEZ balls out fuck him and Andrew's would be lit
Lmao cry more Vrabel you fucking pussy
Romo low key reading this sub
# FREE DOBBY
I love Dobbins talking shit. Someone gotta have swagger on offense.
Man it feels so weird getting penalty calls against the other team now
Where the fuck the complainers at? Y’all loud when we have one bad series
Also Shoutout Mekari playing a solid game
What a fucjing dime god.damn
Hollywood pulled the safety to the middle and got Andrews wide open. Big play
LAMAAAARRRR
"Now lets get out there, get some revenge for last year. Time to put Tannehil on the ground"
Mandrews is cooking again boys
This is the LJ I know and support on GameDay
GO STAND ON THE SHIELD NOW YOU FUCKING PUSSYS
"Holy 💩 what a play, throw and drive! Way to respond!"
ANDREWSSSSS!!!!!
"I love Edwards as a short yard to gain back but I really feel they need to keep feeding JK for the main load. Especially going against teams that are gonna stack the box and much as I loved the presence of Ingram on the team last year, he just hasn’t been the same runner this year but is still a solid blocker in the backfield"
"Glad we finally gave Jk the nod today, starting to look better. Lets go put up another one"
Joe Burrow may be seriously hurt. His left leg got bent sideways when getting hit. Guy from Washington was frantically calling trainers over.
OMFG I love Lamar for that
Lmao Lamar gave him the shoulder! He loves Harbs
Fuck Malcom Butler! Hahaha Lamar is a bad ass
Lmao Lamar is petty AF
I LOVE THAT LAMAR FUCK BUTLER
Oh yeah that’s Savage Lamar standing up for our coach!
THATS MY QB
Elliott just dethroned King Henry there
did anyone clip that Lamar thing? I want is plastered everywhere
Who was looking for that Lamar hatred? Butler just got a shoulder from him after that TD. Absolutely deserved
Earl Thomas could never
Bro elliot is a lunatic out there
Holy hold man wtf
Huge hold yet again. How do they miss these
I can see the holding on this bullshit 56k 720p bootleg stream!!!!
Genius play call with new center.  Did Roman switch sides at the half?
"#LMFAO


Leave that fancy shit to Kamara"
Henry been down BAD today
try that fuck shit and get fucked.🤣
marlon going for the strip. Things you love to see
WE SMOKING ON TITANS PACK
We switch offensive coordinators lol
Look like Roman is calling plays for the Titans.
Side note: Burrow took a nasty hit. Probably season ending
Can someone tell Roman to keep running it?
I feel like we're seeing the start of a new rivalry here
"How is that Wendy's chicken sandwich ""new"" if it's ""classic""?"
Damn not Joey man 😭😭
Oh shit.  Prayers for Burrow!
Can you really just wrestle a guy down by his head? Cuz that's what they just did to Dez Bryant.
How was that not a call?
WTF Duvernay??????? Completely stopped on tbe route
The fuck is duvernay doing
See our plays were working so Roman had to change it up
"That deep shot shoulda been for Dez. 

I dont trust our receivers except Andrews making that catch."
Why did Duvernay stop so short? Looks like he misjudged the ball completely.
You see wideouts all over the league at least make a play on the ball. We have to fight for the ball!
This is why greg roman is not a good OC. Literally why a deep pass on 1st when you need to burn clock
#Let Dez run deep you coward
Who gives a fuck who it was on get em next time. It's on both of them for all anybody should care
Almost identical numbers to Ryan Tannehill on a bad day. Bleh.
"jesus the titans are even more injured than us, damn"
I’m past the point of caring what it looks like this week. Just win the game
Pleaseeeee don't choke here
Elliott’s gonna hurt himself if he keeps hitting like that
ANOTHER DL INJURED COME ON
That interception was killer
Vrabel loves the dick nose
Wolfe is back
Designed runs please.
"Drain the clock, run the fucking ball. Dobbins"
Why the fuck are we running Lamar? These plays don't fucking work. Waste of a down.
"Dude, they are playing 10 yards off. Just keeping throwing those quick routes to dez. Lamar run why"
Clutch throw
NEED IV SNEAD
Butler screams “big cuck energy”
Hollywood *non existent*
Thought he got it.
You gotta love RGIII
These refs are actual morons
"""It is really close"" which is BS for this call is fucking bs"
Are these refs hungover or something?
Jesus Christ Lamar.
"wide open, shit pass"
All those cameras and no clear view
cmon lamar... goddamn it.
"We fucked up, shouldn't be there. But that spot was SHIT. THE. FIX. IS. IN."
Wolfe breaking OUT today.
Fuck doomers in this thread
Peters is struggling today
"Lamar could've easily iced this if he had executed, but nope........hang the D out to dry instead"
"no tackling, nice"
Why is a 4th string lb covering their best wr
FUCKING TACKLE HIM HOW ARE WE SO SOFT MY GOD
Fuck this team. This team is done. Stick a fork in them. That was a fucking disgrace.
Lmfao this defense is so goddamn soft
You’d think the ravens players were trying to push him into the endzone 😂
Repeat of steelers game. This team needs major changes to coaching staff
This defense is the softest of all time. That was the worst tackling I've ever seen
What in the fuck
this D is obsessed with stripping the ball. Fucking tackle him
That should’ve been an easy stop
"100% deserve to lose this game. It's fucking laughable. We will be lucky to finish 8-8, might get wins against Jax, Dal, or NYG, but I bet we drop one of those."
Good job defense. Fuck off
Hollywood could never do that
"This is not a playoff team, if you think so, I want what you're on."
Pain I’m in pain.
we're either getting a secondary/tackling blame of the game or a mandrews/LJ player of the game
I want this offense to go down and have a clutch game winning drive. Last one was SF last year. That game showed we could grit it out.
Lamar needs to go win this game. Period.
"We're out of the playoff picture once we lose this game and then play the undefeated Steelers next week.

I'm so disappointed in this team. How humiliating to let them come here and dance all over our logo and then they just punch us in the mouth at the end too."
"I hate to say it, but this will be Lamar's defining moment. Win and it's proof he'll be able to lead. Lose, and it will always be questioned if he has what it takes to win in close games. It obviously doesn't help he's a one man army but better QBs have done more with less."
Of course Soulja would’ve had a TD but there’s a flag lmao
I'd do anything for Dez to get the game winner.
"What the fuck, Mekari?

An empty stadium and you snap and surprise even the QB?"
Please let us get the ball.
Good on Lamar for not forcing a pass
"Why the fuck did we not go for the 1st and goal, holy shit this coaching staff is awful"
Why can’t we just score a TD. My blood pressure needs to go down
Our defense needs to pull their pants up because last drive was an embarrassment.
We need the coin toss or else we lose
MY HEART IS BEATING
Hollywood owes us something if we go to over time
Would love for Dez to poster Butler for a game-winning TD
"Hollywood Brown. ZERO receptions.

But hey, go off kid. Keep those tweets coming."
WE WON DAT TOSS
Lets get a fucking TD please
Here we go. First possession TD for Dez.
Go go Lamar u got this.
That play call is rolling over fucking pussy shit
Here comes Henry
PATHETIC. THESE read options are not working on first down and just kill the drive man. Fuck this
Fire. Greg. Roman.
Our D aint stopping shit lol
You throw a dump off. On your own 25. On 3&17.
Corey Davis is getting so open; how is this happening?
Fire Greg Roman
Hollywood is just John Ross tbh
That was a fucking pathetic display. Up by 11 and just got bullied
lol this team a joke
I never want to see someone call people who have complaints a fake fan ever again
Another hard to watch game. This is classic ravens.
Why do I even bother watching anymore we can’t do anything in clutch time
This looks like mental issues. Something has to happen at the top.
Season is over.
Here is the sad part. Our “fans” will continue defense these Ravens.
Many people need to be fired starting with Greg Roman’s dumb ass
Ok marlon has not looked like himself since he came back. He has had no fire or heart. Marcus is just Marcus and is verrry overrated.
Someone needs to wake this team the fuck up.
"Everyone's hating that deep shot, but like I don't think it was a bad call. Almost had a killshot completion. Duvernay just couldn't quite get his head around. Not the end of the world."
Genuinely bad throw on that really well designed play to Andrews.
Dez was fucking open.
Buckle up guys.  Should be a fun finish
Lamar keeps missing these throws
This team is fucking soft.
Just put Dez in. He’s probably honestly our best receiver.
God damn can Romo stop deepthroating the Titans so hard?
"We're bailing them out this drive and of course a bullshit RTP. I'm gonna be heated if they get a TD on this drive.

Henry's hair is fucking ugly as fuck too."
"Damn y'all wanted to dance on a logo now a mf's arm gets broke. Speedy recovery, cuzzo 😬"
Defence can’t make a stop and this sub blames Lamar lmao
Thanks vrabel
Skura benched? Damn
Only team that gets called oline holding.
Legit PI guys come on
get ready for penalties all day boys
Jim Nantz wants Romo money and can’t even say Marlo’s name right
This coaching staff is gonna abuse our blitzes but you know we aren’t gonna change it
Wink's blitzing on 3rd and long is so fucking annoying.
"""the most tight ends among all tight ends"""
This team just doesn’t look like the ravens anymore. Week after week. Same shit
Offense needs to ball out
"So a new book on the ravens defense.  Scheme for a speedy WR to get a bunch of jet sweep type plays.

KC, Hardman

Indy, Harris

Tenn, Batson"
IDGAF we still winning fuck the titans
This is the 8th consecutive game where the game thread is saying we are over reacting and “its only 2 drives”. This shits been a problem for weeks. We aren’t that good.
What happened in the beginning of the game between us? Harbs was fired up.
Malcom butler a lil bitch
Lol soldier
Fuck Hollywood.
Im fucking done with Brown. Get the fuck out of here. You're trash.
What a fucking Soulja
"Yeah, tell me again how great Hollywood Brown is. Dude is a straight up bum."
When you try to use your souljas....
"Hollywood plays too scared, you could see the moment the ball touches his hands hes looking for the closest defender"
Man Hollywood ain't shit
Soulja
Hollywood butter fingers Brown
What's the point of having Soliders that drop the fucking ball
Fuck you Roman. FUCK YOU
#There goes our SOULJA dropping a catch again
Douvernay over the Soulja
Dobbins need to be #1.
Marquise Brown sucks. He FUCKING sucks.
"Yo, we need to bench Ingram, he looks washed. Love the guy but it isn’t working"
Underrated positive thing: OBJ has stepped up at LT
Hollywood perception: future all pro  -> potential star -> under utilized -> just a bust?
Damn that would’ve been an awesome TD
We didnt execute but that is a great play call
The ref looks like Rich Eisen
"Heroic play there, tough"
FGs not gonna be enough if our defense stays limp
The bengals beat the Titans. What do they have that we don’t?
That was a good drive bros
Hill oh my god
THATS HOW YOU TACKLE
"Justice Hill

FUCK YEAH"
Wait that was Justice Fucking Hill? Put him in at LB idgaf
Justice Hill has the fire.
Harrison is a really promising player. He’s an absolute force taking on blockers
FUCKING HUUUUGE
Good hit by Queen.
That hit tho
Queen fucked Tannehill up too DAMN
Bowser has been one of our best players in silence
BIG PLAY LETS GOOO
##WHAT WE NEEDED
"Wow, Queen has elite speed!"
QUEEN
Wink also deserves credit on that beautiful cover blitz play
Now y’all love queen again eh? Lol
"Roman, fuck you, keep it simple stupid. Dobbins getting 6 yards a carry and you put us right back in empty, fuck empty omg"
We take Dobbins out for that bs play.. cmon Roman!
That rollout was fine but no WR made any move to get open
We NEED a change at OC
Dez was open......
Outside of Dobbins this offense is tortuous to watch. My god.
This is why Roman needs to go
The redzone offense makes me wanna fucking throw up
1st and goal used to be a guarenteed TD. This offense has fallen so fucking far from last year.
"MAN OUR RECIVERS SUCK AND GREG ROMAN CANT SCEME THEM, CANT EVEN USE DOBBINS"
FUCK YOU GREG ROMAN
Greg Roman was an inside job.
Why don't we keep passing with our God awful Oline while we're at it too. Let's just run it until we get close then get stuffed because we want to pass it in
"Dude was tackling Snead for before Lamar even threw the ball. If you’re gonna to call it, call it for both sides."
Holy shit fuck you roman
In the redzone you don't even have him LOOK at Dez in his progression? It's that shit that drives me crazy in this scheme.
Those last 3 plays sum up what's wrong with the offense this year
Roman needs to go this is inexcusable
does anybody honestly believe we shouldn't clean house after this year with the coaches and coordinators?
"Just so we are clear the RB coach decides which RB should be on the field....and he should be fired.

You don't take Dobbins out there."
Why did Greg Roman take out JK . He was feasting
"I know its a joke, but I will seriously do a better job calling the plays. Read Dives and Powers with Dobbins until they stop it, 0 empty set. No cute shit, who says no"
"This isn’t even about gameplan anymore. This is all mental now. It’s in their heads. No confidence, all panic."
We get ONE year of great offense and it's back to the normal disappointing performance.
"MAN OUR RECIVERS SUCK AND GREG ROMAN CANT SCEME THEM, CANT EVEN USE DOBBINS"
Lamar didn’t even look at the left side of the field bruh
Roman said this offense was going to change substantially? Fuck it’s changed it’s even worse!
LETS GIVE DOBBINS THE BALL MORE GREG ROMAN HE IS HOT.
Time for Greggy boy to update the ole resume. What a train-wreck.
Great play of Defense and we can't give them any scoring support.   Something has to give
"This play should've been the 1st down play. Quick pass to Dez, let him get a few yards. Then run it in. But no, we need to do some bullshit that goes nowhere first"
Dude justice hill honesty might play some defensive snaps if he keeps this shit up
"If that redzone trip wasn’t the perfect microcosm of Greg Roman, idk what is"
At least Justice Hill is playing like an animal on ST.
Maybe Justice Hill should play defense lol
Justice Hill with another great tackle put him in at LB
Honestly the caution tape for an OLine and butterfingers receivers are really a testament to how good Lamar is
Justice Hill future HOF linebacker.
"Justice Hill is awesome on special teams.

Justice Hill sucks as a running back.

Please no more Justice Hill on offense. Stick to using him where he's actually good."
I just want Harbaugh to be real with the fans. If you keep GRo it’s because you think this is Lamar’s ceiling. And it sure as hell isnt
Covert Hill to a db???😂
#GetOffTheField
"Wait, Henry is the only guy in the NFL averaging over 100 yards per game for RBs right now? That seems hard to believe."
Does Derrick Henry’s hair piss anyone else off or just me
ROMAN PUT IN JK YOU FUCKING IDIOT
Please keep feeding jk please coaches be smart Ingram doesn’t have juice anymore and Gus is the power back
"Thats an 11 yard run by Dobbins. If Roman takes him out, he absolutely needs to go. No fucking excuse."
"JK is such a beast man.  Great vision, elusive, and extremely explosive."
JK is the best RB on the field today.
"Dobbins is getting four or five yards on plays Ingram would get hit in the backfield. It's black & white, Dobbins should be our starter."
Dobbins needs the ball ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
A bigger WR gets that
Unpopular opinion dobbins should be starter over Ingram
Fuck it throw it to Andrews or give it to dobbins all game
Has dobbins had a single rush under 3-4 yds this game?
Lol @ you guys bitching about a play call that worked.
Great drive but why do all our route concepts have to be right on top of each other. There were 3 receivers in frame when Andrews caught that ball.
I just *love* that I can’t watch the game because bitch ass Washington is on cbs :/
"Yall ready for Roman to call some complicated bullshit on first down for a loss, incompletion/drop second down, Throw away third down, Lamar stopped on obvious keep 4th down.

Quote me."
What he definitely had the first down or am I all wrong?
That’s not a TD but it is a fucking 1st down
Great drive called by Greg Roman.
Dobbins. Imagine that. Looking at you Roman
THAT WAS A 1ST
Is dobbins officially the starter yet?
I’m blue Dobbins dee Dobbins Die!
WOW AMAZING YOUR CLEAR RB1 SCORES A TD AMAZING AMAZING WHO WOULDA THUNK IT
Dobbins you are ray rice 2.0 thank you
Dobbins is our #1 RB
JK is our RB. Full stop.
Give the man 50 carries a game I think he’d still want more 😂
Titans with the late hits.......ok
KING DOBBINS. FUCK A D. HENRY
Just rush it in with Dobbins again for the 2-point conversion lol
Anyone else feel like 49 came in just a tad late there or am I nitpicking?
My cat will only watch Ravens games and I seriously think it’s because he thinks Lamar is a spider
Let’s fucking go. All day dobbins
We might have officially just seen the changing of the guard.
THROBBIN FOR DOBBINS
Lamar and JK are going to be nightmare fuel for defenses.
I think Harbaugh is starting to get on the Dobbins train now
That poor titans returner is going to be so sore tomorrow
Yo we be trynna kill these returners😂
Dobbins has us throbbin
Looks like Dobbins is the x factor and him not being in every play will be big dumb
I know Dez hasn’t had a catch. But have seen him hyping up and congratulating teammates multiple times. Nice to see a great attitude out of him
Did queen bang tracy?
Ouch that ones gotta hurt.
Damn romo really not holding back on that one
Please god save the Queen
"Ngakoue gets pressure man, may not have the sacks rn but Im glad we have him."
"If that were the Ravens, it would have been spotted a yard off."
"Fuck Brown, how about calling a great play by Fort?"
Fuck that rule man
yeah i get protect the qb but fuck no is that a foul
"Fuck that, not low"
SOFT
That's shit man
Fucking bullshit call by the refs jesus
Refball
"So the titans also have a receiver named Brown who drops passes?

Nice"
injuries and refs taking their toll
WEAK AF ROUGHING
Titans look a little flustered
If belly is low and head is high. Do you hit him in the diaphragm?
Let’s get a pick. Fuck the refs
I understand changing Roughing the Passer to help the safety of QBs but like the extent to where you cant touch a QB is ridiculous now
"**LJ Fort** gets my ""Unsung Hero"" vote this year"
PLAY TO THE WHISTLE why are we not sprinting at that ball
"Yannick is starting to show up after a couple quiet games. When this team get's healthy again, it going to be scary."
NGAKOUEEEEEE
BIG time props to our defense so far they’ve been ballin
Okay let’s do our 48 second drill
The refs gave Tennessee a FG and robbed us of a possession.
YANNICK! He's fired up today.
Lmao so we're not even trying to score after calling 2 timeouts?
[deleted]
Hope hes alright
Looks painful. Hope it’s nothing too serious!
does anyone know why injuries are happening so frequently this year??
"I understand playing is safe, but c'mon, perfect time to take a couple shots down field"
That’s nasty
Dobbins jawing lol
Oh jesus that was awful
"After all these years, you'd think Harbaugh would know how to manage the clock and have a hurry up offense. Why run it? Just take a damn knee at this point"
I thought clipping was a low block from behind?
Who gets ball to start the 2nd half? Titans?
Ravens good Titans bad
Lamar needs to come out and make some more of these throws to really put this one away. Show them that this Vrabel defense doesn't work against him anymore.
No offense but eagles games are so boring bro lmao
What a read by Elliot there.
Please don't lay an egg here on offense
Wolfe Bowser and Ellis have played so surprisingly well
Now eat some damn clock!
update: this mexican food got spicy af
"Dez catches- 1
Hollywood catches- 0
Dez > Hollywood"
WOOOO DEZ TALKING TRASH BRO!
DOBBINS IS OUR LORD AND SAVIOR
Vrabel crying on the sideline
Holy shit so this is how it feels to have penalties go our way!!!
I would absolutely love for Dez to score a TD on Butler.
Sticking it up their ass and thrusting!
Andrews is a soldier
Yes Jackson that is what the fuck i'm talking about
LET'S GOOOOO. FUCK YEAH
Mandrews is top 3 Te's fight me
This is what happens when Lamar has time to throw. Let's go boys!
I'm loving this OL combo they have out here.
FUCK THESE OLD SAGGY TITS
That's a FUCKING throw my GOD let's go
Eat a chode Malcolm Butler
The salt in Titans gamethread is making me sooooo happy right now!
LAMAR LMFAOOOOOO
lol @ Lamar bonking Butler
"&#x200B;

Malcolm Butler is a punk"
Get him Lamar lol
Love that from Lamar!
The shoulder check to Butler from LJ...I see it
Lmfao Lamar throwing heavy shade. Fuck outta my way
Hate the Titans but the league is worse when franchise guys like Henry go down
"Last year he made are Free safety his lead blocker, not this year"
Hope Henry is okay but holy fuck Deshon i love you
SUCK IT YOU FUCK
Way to step up Elliot
"Earl Thomas tackling Henry: nope nope nope nope

DeShon Elliott tackling Henry: I will destroy you"
EARL THOMAS WOULD NEVER
Big ass baby. Deshaun is what ET3 promised.
Deshon >>>>>>> Earl
Elliot out here destroying these dudes wtf lol
Refs refuse to call holding omg
 Did we trade skura to the titans?
Dude held so hard he hurt himself
Nice when the other team fucks a snap hahaha
lmaoooooooooooo
Been a while since I’ve been fired up but the Titans are a bunch of bitches
Skura playing for the Titans now
HA HAAAAAAAAAAA GOD YOU HATE TO SEE IT
That snap was launched into the stratosphere
Hahaha suck our collective ass Tennessee
Titian’s sub people are hoping they take some dirty shot at Lamar. What a piece of shit group of fans.
Butler is so fake hard LMFAOO
DEZ IS MAKING ME HORNY
Very hostile indeed
I’m definitely done with the Hollywood experiment dudes a literal Chihuahua this season💀
"Lamar has the first down and then just moves laterally for no reason, come on man"
Did Simmons just shoulder shrug Dez? Asswipe
#DAMMIT ROMAN WHY
Dez reminds me of Derrick Mason
Lamar with the arm punt
Just run the damn ball
"That’s not a great throw, but that’s on Duvernay IMO, he got turned around 2x"
only good thing is that was basically a punt
"Lamar playing gutsy, don't mind the arm punt too much. Would really have liked us to widen the lead though"
What is actually supposed to happen on that play? Because I saw two people just standing there waiting for the ball to come to them.
Should have be running the ball more at this point to eat clock.
idk if that was on Lamar or Duv but someone was way off
No reason for a 50-50 there but what the flying fuck is Duvernay doing just stopping?
"Everyone talking shit on the play call, honestly taking a deep shot on first down isn’t a bad idea, we just need to execute it. Maybe throw it to someone over 5’10 too."
Joe Flacco would be very proud of that throw.
Lamar with the arm punt
Front 7 shows up and our DBs take the day off
man fuck cbs for putting on the trash football team instead
Come on man do not let then back in this
"Lol elliott no need for the big hit, just get him down."
It's sad when you just straight give them momentum man
There goes our d line
Turnover would be nice but the offense needs to finish this game
"""You cant have a D-line this year""

- God"
Come on boys. Great to keep them to 3.
Milk the clock with dobbins and win this please greg
"It's not so much the concept. The play-action bomb was fine. We need to use the play action still.

It's just how shittily executed it was at the worst possible time."
Please for the love of god. Please score
"Handoff to Dobbins, screen to Dobbins, repeat."
Can’t run Lamar to the outside. Use Dobbins
Missed block. Looked like Skura
Snead didn’t run the route 1 yard short! Surprised.
Lmaoooo Snead teasing em
That speed option is the worst play in our book. It literally never works.
Fuck the titans
I really want to see Dez get something that's not a screen pass
"For some reason, the Jackson run plays feel very predictable. They were always so sneaky with them last year."
Bad spot
lost the challenge somehow
LOL the refs are fucking bias dudd
So sick of these FUCKING penalties holy SHIT
Oh god please don’t blow this game
"* BULL SHIT
* BULL SHIT
* BULL SHIT
* BULL SHIT"
"The refs are against us that’s it, ever since harbs went off. I’m convinced, I was mostly joking before but now no way."
"Typical of this team, shoot themselves in the foot with penalties exactly when they can't afford to do so..."
"terrible spot, soft false start, oooh a makeup call after a punt that is worthless"
Imagine having receivers who could catch
We could really use a Fruit Punch here
The reffing this year has honestly made every game hard to enjoy
Someone needs to make a big play. Yannick almost got one there
They have like one starting linemen left and we stop blitzing
Everyone ready for Henry to go in with 20s left?
CAN WE PLEASE STOP THEM. FFS
This defense is absolutely crumbling
How cool would it be to be able to move the ball like that in crunch time
Ravens playing two hand touch
This is so hilariously familiar. It's like watching a replay.
Our secondary level tackling is fucking unbelievable.
Let's finish this game how we started: shit defense that can't stop anything with an offense that goes nowehere.
What the fuck was that
"WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO STRIP IT ON 3RD AND LONG WHEN YOU HAD HIM WRAPPED UP. 

FINISH THE FUCKING TACKLE"
"Wow, bunch of arm tackling pussies"
FUCKING PATHETIC
"Bro, literally the worst tackling I've ever seen. Soft ass defense."
"Embarrassing. All day long we have been weak on our tackles. 

Peters has been absolutely low effort all day."
"That was seriously the worst defensive play I have seen this season, pathetic"
IT WAS 3rd and long just tackle him why are you trying to strip
"Nah don't tackle him, don't worry about it."
"That was easily the worst defensive drive we've had all year. They just bullied us. No luck involved, no foul play, we got beat bad"
"As someone who used to play rugby, i will die on the hill that NFL players are dog shit at tackling"
"We've contained Henry pretty well, even with injuries they're still winning 

Can we PLEASE fire Roman now, i'm so sick of his shit"
We need a Lamar game winning drive. We NEED it.
yea this team ain’t winning a Super Bowl
"Want some redemption, mr jackson? Please take it."
3 uninspired Roman passes incoming.
Lamar has had to lead potential game winning drives in like 3 of the last 4
That fumble by Snead had my heart in my throat
Refs woulda let tanner have that snap. He's been at zero plenty today
Just a reminder your supposed to playing your best ball in November/December yet every week we look slightly worse
This team post bye week has been fuckin brutal to watch man lmao
Defense has been outplayed in the second half
come on lamar reigning mvp for a reason
I just want to prove the haters wrong for ONCE
Don’t want to go to OT against this team. Touchdown let’s go
"Weird. We let Lamar do Lamar things, we get production on offense. Who knew."
Romo loves Dezz die hard
That was a TD
Dez “Anquan” Bryant
I want a Dez TD so bad
Dez looked open in the end zone
Andrews was open tho... smh
illegal contact on brown in endzone of course it is missed
I swear Snead was wide open on the slant
I hope we get the ball first I don’t trust that defense at all right now
False starts come down to coaching. We had a TD right there.
Had Mark Andrews wide open on that 3rd down
Thought you couldn’t touch the snapper on a kick 🙄
"We have played so much better than the titans, can’t believe we are in ot"
"an OT game with the Steelers waiting for us on Thursday, lol"
"I can’t think of a team with worse starting wideouts, and one of ours is a first round pick"
WIN THE TOSS
LETS GO END THIS LAMAR
Goal line fade to Dez for the dub 🙅🏻‍♂️
JUDON WITH HIS BIGGEST PLAY OF THE YEAR
Judon with the best Ravens play on a contested toss all game
Diarrhea
Fucking quitter mentality. Roman can get fucked
"Nice we won the toss!

Immediate sack and three and out

Why do I expect different"
Our DBs have been quite horrible today.
I don’t know why I waste my Sunday afternoons on this team
Marlon was soooo far off his man that mp was closer
Imagine getting to the highest football league in the world as a defensive player without knowing how to tackle
"Fire Roman man, idc anymore this team needs a fire under its ass"
If we stopped choking games away we’d be 8-1 right now
"queen failed on that play. if he breaks, that's a pick6"
"Just not a playoff team, no O line and not enough talent on offense, defense injured and cant get a stop when needed"
Yep keep blitzing they’ve been throwing quick all day smh
"Fuck me, tits fans def seem like the type to bombard our sub to"
"At this point I don’t even wanna make the playoffs, we aren’t doing shit if we make it and we need the better picks"
Genuinely hurts watching us go down like this. Tough year gets tougher.
These dudes moms raised some bitches straight up.
we fucking suck. I don't even want to make the playoffs to watch us put this heartless team on the field
Unfucking believeable. What a soft team.
They seem to have our number. I hate the Titans.
Very disappointed in our coverage team today. Oh well. On to the next...
Somebody needs to be fired. A change has to be made. This is too fuckin unacceptable
Defense is straight dogshit
What a fitting way for this utterly gutless team to lose it.
"We are frauds. But wait, we're not proper fans if we think that!"
Only 4 days until we get shit on for the world to see again
3 Ls in a row is absolutely unacceptable. So frustrated with this fucking team. I sat through worse stretches and wasn't this frustrated. Get it to fucking together.
Why can’t ravens get a 6’4 225lb WR like every fucking team in the nfl
Our defense is a complete fucking embarrassment
Yeah Marquise Brown needs to produce or we trade him in offseason
"Ingram YPC: 1.7

Dobbins YPC: like 6

Let's feed Ingram - Roman probably"
"This drive was 100% on Greg fucking Roman, what a fucking retard!!!! 😤😤😤😤"
"Somebody who is good at math/stats needs to crunch the numbers with these penalty calls, there has to be a statistically significant slew against the Ravens"
Duvernay looks lost.  That was not on Lamar.
That was just the worst fucking time to turn it over man
[deleted]
"Has the ""soulja"" even had a catch this game?"
Fuck any team hosting fans while the pandemic is blowing up
"Mark Clayton, Travis Taylor, Torrey Smith, Perriman, Hollywood. What a mediocre history at drafted WRs."
I'll be honest we are being kind of bailed out by Tennessee play calling too. We have not covered well on play action they've just had some drops.
"My dog got into the cat food the other day,  when I took her outside,  her shit looked exactly like Derek Henrys hair."
"No calais campbell, no Brandon Williams.....

expected result tbh


EDIT: No interior pressure due to those guys missing means they can adjust to our blitz."
If we recovered it it would have been incomplete
His hand hit the QB isn’t that rushing the passer?
I want to see Malcolm Butler get fuck sticked.
Why does Henry's hair look like that old lady in the wheelchair from SpongeBob
The passing game has zero flow at all. Zero
"Yeah I don't care if I get downvoted for this, this team is a bunch of fucking chokers with no heart or grit."
"People will call you a doomer for being realistic, this team is not doing shit this year"
"MARCUS PETERS 4 INTS, 3 TDS, 6 SACKS

MARLON HUMPHREY 6 FF, 3 SACKS,"
"Fuck the Titans for that, as well as Vrabel. Good for Harbaugh telling them to fuck right off."
Fuck The Titans
Titans are officially scumbags in my eyes.. up there with the steelers and browns now.
BLACK JERSEYS BABY
FUCK THE TITANS
Dez on the field
DEZ caught it
Great start! This week will be different for sure
3 and out and a penalty? Nothing new here!
Thats a good call. Marlon had his hands all over him
Dez catch not going to be shown or reviewed? Cool.
this pass rush is dogshit
"His name is Humphrey not ""Humphries"""
Stop calling him Humphries...
Romo gives no respect to our team. Always mispronounces names
We have taken horrible angles to ball carriers all year.
"""Jonnu Smith who has the most tight ends among all tight ends"""
I honestly don’t think we’re making the playoffs this year
yeah I don't see us winning this.  Our defense is dead. Our offensive line is mediocre.
There's so much wrong with this team.
That's the same exact play Jonnu scored on in the playoffs
"This game is going to be a tough watch. We cannot match up with them physically without Williams and Campbell. It is a damn shame, especially how much we’ve been anticipating this matchup and how much they disrespected us in the pregame."
Once again penalties are fucking us
Can we please just play man coverage
It looks like the Titans are running the EXACT same Defense as last time
Lamar doesn’t run downhill anymore. Roman is ruining this guy
Not gonna lie I've seen absolutely enough of Ingram for the rest of the season.
Hollywood sucks
There’s our “soulja”
Brown talks shit about us not using him and then does that
I'm so tired of Hollywood brown dropping passes.
Soulja gets called to fight and drops the ball
Hollywood is a bust for a 1st rounder
If it wasn't for that evil Miles Boykin I bet Hollywood would've caught that.
SOLDIER
Getting tired of Brown.
Soulja Soulja Soulja Soulja
Imagine tweeting about your targets and dropping that ball lol
These souljas need to catch
"Wtf is Hollywood ""Soulja"" Brown doing there?"
UsE tHe SoUlJaS fuck you hollywood
Ingrams stats in this game gonna be like 20 carries for 45 yards aren’t they?
JK touches ball and first down happens. Can’t explain that!
How can the coaches see that type of explosion from Dobbins and continue wasting snaps with Ingram?
If jk could pass block he'd be a 3 down back
OH WOW CRAZY DOBBINS FOR 10+?!? We’ll give it to Ingram this play
at least an answer
Roman watched how Fluker played last week and still let him start at RT this week...
Fluker is such ass
Don’t forget those 2 misses were over 60 yarders
"Seriously, how was that not PI on Byard?"
No RB is ever allowed to get into a rhythm because we bench them every other snap...
Jesus Christ Hill..
DAMN Justice Hill for Defense?
I pray our defense can hold...
Whoever runs our fake crowd noise is terrible. This sounds like a Titans home game most of the time.
Let hope the LBs play better this week.  Last week they were hitting the wrong gaps just about every long run play.
Nice Harrison
Malik is going to be a key on this D in the coming years
Love me some Queen but with our DL being what it is right now I greatly appreciate powerful LBs like Harrison.
That's your ILB!
Marlon stuck between the man and the ball but with a great recovery
#BOWSER
Need a TD!! No settling!
FUCK YEAH LETS GO
Now that's what I call a BIG TRUZZ
BOWSER LETS GO YOU STUD
There we go Queen and Bowser! LFG!
Bowser deserves more money than Judon lol
BOWSER!!!!!
I'm so so happy bowser is finally blooming! Please re-sign for cheap!!
McQueen 😂.
Finally we do something right!!
McQueen 😂😂😂
Good shit Bowser.
We smokin that tannehill pack 😈
Queen is an inconsistent guy because he's a rookie that has played the position for 2 years total. Love when he flashes like that though.
#Lightning McQueen!
Drop count at 3
Give dobbins ingram's snaps.
"ITS NOT JACKSON, ITS OUR RECIVING CORE"
"Feed JK touches, 20 carries"
The fuck kind of play call is that?
WHY. JUST LEAVE JK IN FUCK
Here comes Roman with overdoing it
with dobbins’ production i don’t see how we could ever give ingram the ball. love him on the sideline but please
See what happens when Greg gets to cute? Takes out Dobbins and fucks up our drive with a shitty play
This is hard to comprehend. Honestly.
JFC what was that play calling
LET DEZ CATCH IT
DEZ. WUZ. OPEN
Whole drive fucked by horrible 1st and 2nd down execution.
How the fuck do you have justice hill on instead of jk
Good move taking Dobbins out Roman - Absolutely Nobody
Greg Roman has Justin Tucker in his fanasty team
Find the largest cannon we can find and fire Greg Romans obese ass out of it
Roman needs to go. Plain and simple. Those last three play calls were pathetic
how is it possible to make lamar Jackson look like Joe flacco
JK needs to be fed this game. Period.
I think it’s clear Lamar does not trust the oline. And he shouldn’t
Who is making the decision to pull RBs when they have the hot hand? Dobbins had no business on the sideline that drive
Fire. Greg. Roman.
Dez had a chance...bruh fuck this offense
We're not going to win kicking FGs. Not liking our Redzone offense so far. Plus...fucking KEEP DOBBINS IN.
Our playbook is full of dust and Lamar didn’t help either in this drive. Throw the ball
How does the other team know our plays when we don't?
That sequence after Dobbins taken out. Just wow!
Dobbins should not have come out. That was a wasted down and Roman needs to be smacked
Jk should not be taken off the field in the red zone holy shit
"Any coach would see the good player doing well and use them.

Our coaches: nah lol. Fucking change it up, that'll confuse em' for sure"
So justice hill is the new Chris Moore?
"Fuck it, switch Hill to safety at this point. Dude can HIT."
Justice Hill the new Chris Moore
"Give ball to Lamar
Give ball to Andrews
Give ball to Dobbins
Fuck everybody else

Ez win"
Do we pull the plug on Roman after this game or highly unlikely?
"Come on guys.  We made great plays, stop fighting out there damn..."
if he caught and they didn’t call OPI...
Love Proche man.
Can we get a 50 50 shot to Dez ?
Starting to develop a Patriots hatred with the Titans
Dobbins is such a beast
Dobbins 10 yard quick bench him roman
IT'S ALMOST LIKE DOBBINS IS GOOD 🤔
RAY K DOBBINS
this teams reluctance to using rookies needs to fucking GO AWAY get duvernay in there jk is fuckin shit up
ALL ABOARD THE DOBBINS TRAIN!!!
Dobbins gonna be our Henry for this game
FEED DOBBINS
Soulja
"I usually hate when people say this, and they’re obviously a very good team, but the Steelers are legit the worst 9-0 team I’ve ever seen."
Much better Lamar - big time throw.
Lamar with DHop would be unstoppable. We waste so much fucking potential.
89 IS OUR SOULJA
Lamar just needs to do that...more consistently
LAMAR JACKONS IS MY QUARTERBACK FUCK YALL HATERS!!!!!!
Down at the 1 but amazing effort
Our nr 1 WR is a TE. Change my mind
3rd and Long - Call Four Verticals just like in Madden
At least we got the first down
"“Ricard just finished at the end of that play”
Oh my"
I wanna see DEZ go up for a ball dammit
Dobbins is getting 4-5 a clip. He's our starter going forward
THIRD??? THATS RIDICULOUS
What the fuck that's a terrible spot!  He definitely had the first down.
Feed fuckin JK
Dobbins deserved that one. He made this drive.
THATS A SOULJA
Fuck uhhhh the Titans?
That's a first down you fucks.
FUCK THE TITANS
bullshit thats clearly a first down
Refs keep reviewing and it’s just giving our D more rest
That block by Ricard though 👌
RUN THAT SCORE THE FUCK UP
Man Ricard made a huge block there
49 of Tennessee should have been flagged
I hope these refs have a very inconvenient day. Stub a toe. Sneeze inside their masks. Maybe shart a little.
JK is having his coming out!
That's right!! Feed him!!!
JK is the shit..fuck you Roman for realizing that sooner
The last 10 minutes has featured 2 plays and 100 commercials
"Love Ingram, but don't see how we keep him after this year sadly. Just doesn't have it anymore."
Good to see that Jimmy Kimmel is out there trying new things as a Ref
"All hail our lord and savior JK Dobbins, Buck Allen is smiling down on you"
Sweet 2 point play
thats 14 the hard way
"the 2 point conversion is no good....

#JK"
Go in JK!!!!!
Roman just discovered Dobbins
Turns out JK is the real soulja all along
"Okay, this is Dobbins' team now

FEED MY MAN"
"Good. They’ve realized Dobbins is the man, keep using him like that"
I like Hollywood but this is how you prove you should be used more. Dobbins is playing with FIRE and taking advantage of the opportunities
That coulda been flagged we lucky
Marlon gonna get roasted for getting juked by Tannehill lol
Holy shit. One of these titan returners is going to die out there today
God hates the Ravens
That’s a painful play but not enough to keep him out of the game.
All these commercials...
Oh hes fine
"Damn Queen, we can not afford to lose anymore players. Hopefully its just some cuts and scrapes. Be back for next half."
"Ouch, hope he's good to keep playing."
Yannick with the instant pressure!! There we go!
Titans receivers a bunch of Souljas!
Weak ass call
That seemed neither low nor late
God roughing the passer has changed so much than what Im used to
That is a bullshit call
"eating mexican food rn, its so good"
That horseshit call is going to give the Titans 7 and prevent us from getting the ball back with any real shot before half.
I fucking hate Tony Romo
YANNICK SIGHTING
Why did no one run for that fumble? I swear they always run for it when its actually incomplete
If youve been paying attention to Yannick this game hes been incredible like every play
Yannick got off again
Yannick is destroying their LT
That’s it Ngakoue lad
Yannick not getting the sack but really really good at disrupting
Titans having all kinds of problems with Ngakoue
91’s starting to take over
Lets get a big return here Duv
Yannick looks so good today
The Browns only scored off a Wentz pick 6 wtf?
Yannick having a huge game.
We not going go for the field goal? Wow
Weird ass play call with 40 secs..take a shot or take a knee
"kinda feel bad that they got another injury

But i also want revenge for last year so i'm not that mad. Hope he gets better tho"
what kind of fucking play call
Dobbins making friends
Annoying way to end the half
Yeah that arm is broken fuck
everybody mad we ran out the half but this shit ain’t madden
Seeing that guys elbow turn inside out was almost as bad as watching Boyles knee do the same
"All we had to do was get it to the 50 and tucker can attempt a 68 yard-ish fg. We had nothing to lose, and it’s not unrealistic that he would make it."
These nfl shop commercials are never not annoying. Every now and then “THE CHAMP IS HERE” will pop into my head.
"So today we’re rooting the Jags, Eagles, Broncos, and Chiefs, right?"
I’m thinking another turnover and we’ll have this one in the bag
wow nice work judon
Anyone else notice that on the ravens apparel they have RAV B but on the Titans gear it’s TEN T? I guess they didn’t want TIT T on theirs
"Every single time Tannehill is touched now, I look for a flag."
"aye we stopped the screen, that’s fresh"
Stomping on the shield at the beginning of the game was a rookie mistake
"2 good hits on tann, need more"
I love Proches hands wish we would give him a route sometime...
"What flags we gonna get this drive, holding, OPI?"
Cary Williams with dreads is now named Hairy Williams
DEZ
HE EXISTS
DEZ THROWIN STIFF ARMS ALREADY
Damn Dez looks nice in the black uni
Dez Bryant spotted!
A Dez Bryant screen pass is a good indication that they will use him more
There's the fire. Pass it to him again
X
"Tony gets on my nerves. But I also love his knowledge, lol."
When dez gets a td we will lose it
Lamar has carried it 8 tines?  Doesn't even seem that much
❌
ROMO CALLS HIM DOBBY THE HOUSE ELF
god i am just so happy we are finally letting dobbins work
Quit bitching vrabel
Dobby is here to stay
Dobby strong. Dobby fast.
Glad to see Lamar finally throw it away on one of those scrambles instead of running OOB for a loss of 2
Romo has low key dropped 2 r/ravens memes lmaoooo
"Romo isn't lying though, they're sagging off Dez like crazy. Give him a screen"
JACKSON TO ANDREWS!!
Nice fucking throw
I love it. His timing is perfect to Andrews
I would like to see a deep contested pass thrown to Dez by the end of this game.
What a fucking beauty
"really shocked the refs didn't call a flag on us for that play, they hate when we score"
What a throw
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
LJ to MA boooooooom
MANdrews
"LAMAR ""ACTION"" JACKSON"
Wow that was a great route combo (Hollywood post outside to take away the corner and safety)
That throw would've been money even if andrews was covered.
#THROW IT ON A DIME
#Yannick is about to E-A-T
Can’t struggle in the red zone if we through a TD outside it 😈
LOL at Lamar after the touchdown there
Hahahahaha punk’d his bitch ass
FUCK BUTLER
"Lamar bumpin Butler, bless that man"
Butler got fuckin punked lol
lmaooooo talk that shit Lamar!!!
"Oh Jeez, hope Henry is okay. You never wanna see that"
Seriously someone get this man his fucking Xbox!!!
"Elliot instantaneously becomes my favorite player of all times.

Hope Henry is ok though"
Fuck Butler
hahhahaha Malcom butler is a clown
Henry man I hope you’re okay but pay back is a bitch.
Henry just learned that that’s not Earl 😈
Eat a dick Butler.
Elliot doesn’t want to hear anyone say nobody can tackle Henry ever again
Ever since someone posted the stat on the NFL sub about how close to the middle all of Tucker's kicks are it's all I can see
Elliot is a DOG
This is a satisfying revenge game
Hope Henry is ok but it felt good seeing him get smoked not going to lie
"Oh man, hope Henry is alright."
THE JOKER!
sit down king henry
STOMPED. OUT.
Elliot: Ill fuckn do it again
Come on peters
What kind of tackle was that from Peters?
aaaaand now the secondary is getting soft
we cant defend play action to save our lives
That was an obvious fucking hold holy shit.
Bro don’t even compare Stanley and Lewan
We all have shitty snappers!
They have their own Skura
Did Greg Roman call that play? 😂
"LMAOOOOOO I AM ROLLING

FUCK YOU TENNESSEE"
LOL they really tried that
Deja-vu but for the Titans
The irony of that bad snap looool
I upvote everything in this thread
Bengals are jinxed boys Burrows after having his leg jacked
DEZ
YES LAMAR FEED EVERYONE
Butler is such a bitch lol
Didn't realize we're allowed to tackle the head now?
Lamar... Come on
Simmons is such a bitch
"I like the call, but ugh"
That arm strength though
"That sucked, but I don't have a problem with the thought behind it."
Duvernay need to keep running
Whyd he stop??
Don’t understand why we aren’t just pounding the defense with dobbins
Looked like a 5th grader trying to field a fly ball
First down punt hell yeah
Really not even mad at Lamar there. Duvernay looked like he was dancing ballet out there.
Nice punt
"Why are people mad that we are showing some aggressiveness and trying to make big plays? His team 100% lacks those big plays. You’re got to take a chance sometimes. Not always going to work, but you’ve got to try or you’ll never improve."
I dont understand our deep shots. Our WRs rarely get behind the defense.
Henry running like ingram today.
"That pass was not on Lamar, it was where his receiver should’ve been if he had located the ball on time."
Could just ran the ball and went up 2 scores heading into the fourth. Instead we launch a hailmary. Stupid
Ohh look another int
"Contested catches, I wish"
Not gonna be easy! Cmon we can step em!!!
Defense needs to play strong this last quarter
I know we got a lot of people out on both lines but I gotta feel a bit bad for titans too you hate to see so many injuries with any team
The D is tired
We choke on the most import drives then fuck up on O all the time. Smdh
"This is what I was worried about, Henry excels against worn down defenses"
Momentum be gone
We going to let them back in aren’t we?
Oh god we are so fucked on the dline
Here we fucking go 🙄
Stupid decision to even call that play that resulted in the pick. Ridiculous honestly
The fact that we lost to the Tits THIS JANUARY officially makes it the longest year ever
maybe we can throw a stupid ass deep pass on first down WHEN WERE UP AND DRIVING AND LET THE OTHER TEAM BACK INTO THE GAME ON A SILVER GOD DAMN PLATTER
Tannehill just stares down his receivers. Need to get an INT.
"This is what the mistake of taking a shot downfield and losing the ball without any points.  It allows Titans to stick with their power run/PA game which is their strength.  If we make it a two score game in the 4th, they can’t do that.  There is a time and a place, and that ebb and flow of the game was not it.  Fire Roman."
Good stop. Really needed that
Great job D.  Way to hang in there.
Big stop
A TD probably wins the game
A lot of our sub’s coaching mentality is to play not to lose instead of playing to win. If we have a deep shot let’s take it we need to start allowing this offense to take lumps to get Lamar used to launching it more comfortably.
Our QB run plays have been ass this year
SNEADDDD
Keep grinding O
Lamar you beauty
Ayyyy Harbs good shit!
That better be a first
It looks like he had it and it was a bad spot
"After that Marcus Peters INT challenge, Harbs has a bit more leeway with these challenges lol"
His arm is clearly reaching over wtf
FUCK THE REFS
Holy shit the refs are screwing us over here
Refs are paid to fuck the Ravens i swear smh
Come the fuck on.
JFC this is bullshit
Bad throw
seems like every game for the past few weeks the refs have some sort of vendetta against us
Don't give those fuckers anything
"This is the most frustrating team in the NFL, right?  I mean, come on.  If it's not receivers dropping passes, it's Lamar being inaccurate, or it's the offensive line being a total joke and stupid-ass penalties, etc.  It's like at any one time, somebody important is at a high chance of being terrible at the wrong time.  We should better than this."
fuck the eagles
What was queen doing there
Peters playing shitty
We had them at their 10 yard line and it took them like 3 plays to get to our side of the field this team is embarrassing
Why the fuck do guys have all the cushion in the world against our defense?
Infinitely envious of all these contested catches the titans players are making.
Chooooke
I’m ready for pain
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT TACKLING
Nice fucking tackling.
Made a 5 yard play into a 25 yard play lmao
Fellas pls my weekend has been shit enough already
The team's a bunch of fucking chokers.
If we fucking lose this...
Embarrassing. My god
WHAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTT
Peters is soft as fuck
I love Peters but he’s been ass this game
Nice one peters
Are you fucking kidding me? Is he covered in fucking crisco or something?
Nice tackling boys
Professional choke artists
What the actual fuck is this tackling
Peters can’t tackle.... shocker
Gotta miss ray lewis
"Everyone's running miles all week after that garbage

Holy fucking fuck fuck fuck"
"Humphrey missed tackles on both of Brown's plays, that's disappointing"
I can't wait to hear the shit that Harbs will be feeding us after this lol.
I knew we should've taken AJ Brown over Hollywood on draft day and that proved it right there
I wish this season was over.
"Disgusting, doomers you say? Have you been watching? Denial I say to you."
"Chuck Clark is having a horrible game, 2 missed tackles, 4 1st down passes given up"
Goddamn Humphrey you had a chance just pop the motherfucker. Fuck that strip right now
"This team is a fucking joke, can we stop comparing them to Mahomes and Kc last year now, un fucking believable. What awful tackling"
What an embarrassment.
That was just pathetic defense
MVPs come back and win this game.
This game is the difference between us being in a fairly secure wildcard or having to crap ourselves watching Week 17 to get a playoff spot.
Ph my god so close to fumbling the game away
At least there’s no hurricane this time
"I don’t want OT, we can’t stop shit on defense"
Fucking pussies better figure it out
Feed DEZ!! HE WANTS IT
Penalty is pathetic but we’re in FG range so slow it down and take some shots
That may have been a TD if not for Mekari.
That was a TD fuck
Win this shit
Let's go win a fucjing game fuck
We did not lose that challenge earlier. Fuck that
"Why don’t you run it, what the fuck, a first down gives us 4 more chances"
Fucking ot
Now we have to rely on the football gods for a coin toss....ravens woke up today and aimed to make sure I don't wake up tomorrow
I hate overtime rules man
#dude landed on the center throw a flag you cowards
"“BuT IaM a SoUljaAaH!” Waaaa. Learn to catch soldier, and maybe get on a a testosterone cycle"
Let's go win the game boys. Big truzz
Huge resume building opportunity for Lamar.
#BELEE
Fucking pathetic. Of course we just shit the bed.
Nice job offense
yep......guess we let them kick a FG for the W.
Well this is concerning.
Whelp defense is trash rn and all they need is a fg
I don’t understand 2 minutes ago they literally drove down the field. Now they couldn’t even pick up a first down?
That Brown play is just so lol. Jesus that's rough.
Fire Greg Roman
"That's weird, I thought the run-sack-checkdown-punt offense left with Joe and Marty?"
I’m mentally resigned to being 6-4 and having the Browns ahead of us in the division.
We have no fucking heart rn.
"That false start messed up the entire flow, we was gonna score smh"
Queen should've had a fucking pick right there
shut the fuck up nantz and tell us who's hurt
I miss 2019
"We are a mediocre team at best. A 2-7 team just beat the Patriots. We couldn't get more than 3 yards in overtime and the Titans are just lazily tossing first downs. We suck when it matters, and look good against garbage teams when the wins don't matter at all."
Humphrey is getting whipped today. By far his worse game this season.
Pretenders this year. Tons of talent but regression and injuries hit hard. Looking forward to next season.
and there you go. Henry is not stoppable.
Fitting end
Every catch is OPEN
We are fucking AWFUL
I actually don't even know what our defense is doing. They are not contesting anything and they aren't tackling. They've given up. I miss Ray Lewis.
Bisciotti needs to step in and can Roman since Harbs is too much of a chickenshit to do it himself.
See y’all in the post. Fuck man
No identity of mental toughness this year.
"Time to make coaching changes. No bullshit. If we wont, thats the season."
"Now on to Pittsburgh, let’s lose another one and end this season.

👏👏👏"
our defense was so bad that drive it’s insane
Perfect frustrating Ravens season for this shit year.
"Tell them to get big, talented receivers, not these midgets that we have. 

Dez was our best receiver today, and that’s saying something."
Titans walked in here and really disrespected us. We deserved every bit of that too
How come the titans can use playaction to get wide open players without a running qb?
"This team was just three kids stacked in a trench coat, it was all a farce"
This team literally makes me sick.
"I never would've thought we'd be in 3rd place behind the Browns this late in the season. Our offense showed some signs of life, yet was still flat overall. I'm honestly more concerned with a patty-cake-playing defense. Big Ray would be ashamed..."
"Such a two faced team this year. Either we look terrible in the first half of a game and figure it out towards the end, or start out hot and lose momentum. There has been zero consistency from every player and coach on this team. Sometimes Lamar looks great but just as often he’s making dumb plays. Same goes for everyone on defense and all the coaches making play calls. Except for Justin Tucker, love that guy."
Please just run the ball roman you fucking absolute and total imbecile.
Greg Roman is a fat fat fatty douche cockboy dick fart assssssshole
A fucking fake punt and then a roughing the passer on a 3rd down? Let's just hand them points on a silver platter!
That ball was live and our guys didn’t go for it sad
damn. hope that ain’t a season ender :(
"i have a goddamn interview in 15 minutes, can we just get a quick TD so i can feel a LITTLE better"
"We don't need a fucking home run ball right now, fuck"
Duvernay had a really poor read on the ball there. Lamar threw it a little long but Duvernay made a bad adjustment and then didn’t move.
Tbh our d is looking really good even sans Campbell And Williams.
Alright if we can pull this win out of our ass I’m hopeful for Thursday
That turnover just depleted all the momentum
That deep throw was actually such a dumb call
Why the fuck do so many fans of this team hate Lamar fuckin Jackson man.  Nearly every other fan base would kill for our guy
"Of Course they kick it, they have 0 respect for our offense."
"Roman is still having some suspect play calls, but the offense is clicking more"
I believe in Lamar. I don't believe in the other 10.
"How does this end?

Hollywood drop?

Roman dumbassery?

Lamar turnover? (Bonus points if the Lamar turnover happens because the line fails him!)"
Harbaugh needs to earn his salary cause this team is sleepwalking into mediocrity.
"I thought lamar played good again, defense just couldn't stop much of anything again"
Ahhh good old tucker only scoring for us type of game. Fuck Roman is garbage and so is Brown.
r/ravens will blame Andrews for that lmao
Lamar's performance this season does not inspire hope in me...
"EVERYONE SPAM ""WIN THE TOSS"""
"Three weeks ago after losing to Pittsburgh I said this was a good, but not great team.  I'm not even sure we are a good team anymore."
Andrews and Lamar need to fight the refs for those penalties.
Outstanding o line play guys 👏🙄
Suck a dick Tannehill
SO LONG GAY BOWSER
"#WTF Roman, you just gave up a touchdown.

Can we pls get rid of Roman already, dude sucks"
"Lamars stats do not reflect the eye test, hes been throwing some good balls just a half second off on a couple"
Goddamnit ANOTHER stupid penalty extending a drive
"Tbh the way lamar plays at the end of the half, im ok with running it out"
"I hate Greg Roman so much.

In so sick of these dinosaurs, poach a good College OC PLEASE"
#RAVENS SCORE THE SPORTSBALL!!!!
Uh hit to the head there? He grabbed him by the head
Surprised they didn't go for it. Gotta have a long drive here.
Get ready for the taysom>lamar takes
this team has 0 clutch factor. none. cant close anyone good
Teams aren't scar d of our O.  They rather give the ball up or get three and hope we have a meltdown.  It's embarrassing.
Tannehill just drove down the field with relative ease when he had to do it. Lets see what Lamar does
Thank god it’s Tony Romo commentating
I want the Titans to send us a picture of their Superbowl Trophy. If not they can shut the fuck up
who’s ready to over react and jump off a cliff when we inevitably start slow?? 🙋‍♂️
Bro Harbaugh is SUCH A G hahahahaha
"Fuck these guys, lets beat em down. No scrub ass player is gonna yell at harbs like that."
Fuck Tennessee
LETS GO HARBAUGH
Malcolm Butler is a bitch
Dez gon fight somebody today. Bet on it.
"I don’t remember his name, but especially fuck that one  Titans Player That decided  to slap some M and T Bank Stadium employees on the ass after the game."
Dez 😊😊😊
"This ref crew leads the nfl in holding calls, and pi calls

Today’s gonna be so fun"
That was PI. Humphrey was riding him.
Rush 7 can't get any pressure.
Lmao marlo held the whole way
"3rd and 11, they throw it behind the LOS and get the first 😂"
Lol gonna let a screen get us on 3rd and 11? What is this fucking madden shit
Lamar will have to win this game for us
Fire Roman i'm over his shitty offense
"no excuses for this d......fuck injuries, next man up."
So many tight ends
"Welp, that was good play calling looks like.  Unfortunately it was the Titans."
We get fooled on every playaction I swear
How many TDs are we going to give up to that exact play??
Team isn’t well coached whatsoever. Every tricky play works as executed against us and we have no tricks or misdirection.
We’re just blitzing and getting no pressure whilst leaving everyone open. This happens in all of our losses. If wink doesn’t stop blitzing we gonna lose. That’s the trend in all of our losses: opposing offense lite up the blitz with PA and then we have to play behind
Back to being the underdogs baby 😎
Where’s the leadership on this team? You lose a very winnable game last week and that’s the first two drives of the game?
DoNt OvErEaCt GuYs youre right lets be happy our team cant stop ryan tannehil and cant stop anything
We have looked terrible for multiple weeks. It's time to stop pretending.
im not going to read this thread and im not going to pay that much attention today
"We need to figure out how to get pressure without blitzing. KC tore us apart on our blitzes, and Tenn went right to a screen on 3rd and long."
Not an ideal start. Still lots of game. Lets not hit the panic button yet
As they say in soccer this game isnt finishing with 11 men. People will be ejected
Ingram's done.
Get Hollywood off the field.
#SoUlJaS
Ingram stopped at a yard. Sit him.
Hollywood has sucked since that tweet
Soulja my ass. He sucks.
Wow.
SOULJA
Mad frustrating. How you drop that pass Hollywood...
Brown is trash and you can't change my mind
Souljaaaa 🤣
Man.. I do not wanna see Ingram out there anymore
"Extra lineman and can't get one yard? FUCK THIS TEAM. Seriously so sick of shit coordinators for over a decade.

Get some good fucking creative schemes in"
89 is our Soulja
Sorry hollywood but that's bum status shit
"You want to complain about touches? You better catch every damn ball, Hollywood."
"Trade Brown. Cut Ingram. And most importantly, fire Roman"
JK sighting THANK YOU JFC
Thank god we have one NFL quality pass catcher
Reason #27 why Dobbins and Edwards should the starters and not Ingram
Why have souljas that don’t have guns if you can’t use them?
Would you look at that dobbins carry but let’s run ingram
Can we trade Hollywood for terry mclaurin pls
How can the coaching staff not seeing that Ingram is a problem?
Fluker is a fucking bum. Sign some dude off the street. Fluker is garbage.
Let’s get a turnover here Defense
"Our offence needs to run through Jackson and Dobbins, everybody else is 50/50 at best"
This team doesn't have it. I'm not even putting the blame on one person or thing.
justice *gunner* hill
Can we put Justice Hill on defense
Daaamm Hill. Nice hit.
Brown is so annoying...he is so afraid of being out there on the field that is just sad
I hate henry
Special teams is better than offense and defense. Change my mind.
Harrison is strong
DAYUM
Fuck yes bitch
LETS GO
Queen just blasted Tannehill.
That was all Steve Mcqueen!
"Please do something with this, O"
D LETS FUCKING GO
PUT JUSTICE ON DEFENSE AND BOWSER ON OFFENSE
Bowser making up for the dropped pick in the playoffs last year
BOWSER!
Where's the queen slander now?
Beautiful play. Tannehill gets SMACKED and a pick. LETS GO
Y’all were complaining about Queen but he just destroyed Tannehill and forced that pick
RESIGN BOWSER
Jake from State Farm is shredded. He’s got an 8 pack.
Patrick Mcqueen lol
Incoming TD-killing holding call
Can we try Bowser out at WR?
I hope bowser pans out for us
RUN THE BALL HOLY SHIT
# WE NEED 7 HERE
Jk is starting to finally get more snaps maybe the coaching staff got its head outa it’s ass
Lets go guys gotta respond with a TD here!!
Will Holden is a bad name for an OL lol
Look at Dobbins go!! FEED HIM
"Dobbins is the #1 now. Neeeeeeds to be, and use Gus to pound it in the second half."
"""Holden"" is an extremely unfortunate name for an offensive lineman"
Yeah Dobbins should stay in. WTF is Roman doing taking him out after 2 5+ runs? Jfc
Getting way too cute in the red zone
Let's take Dobbins out after he gets us ANOTHER first. Who needs touchdowns anyway. We can just keep getting FGs and let them win.....
seriously need to keep feeding Dobbins
Offence is pathetic.
Our o line is not good enough to do those fancy plays
Assuming that was a new play from Roman.
I hate our coaches
I hate our OC I hate our OC I hate our OC I hate our OC I hate our OC I hate our OC I hate our OC I hate our OC
"Ravens you dumb sobs, don’t take out Dobbins. We would of scored"
LMAO GIRE GREG ROMAN WTF
fgs all day
That series was atrocious
Dobbins had every right to be pissed about being pulled wtf was that
Honestly this is the first time in a while where I’m livid at our opponents
Good fucking footwork Lamar.
Tucker’s our only hope in this game
Hate how every time Lamar rolls out the receivers are all outside bunched up
Man this offense has completely died out there this season. It feels like a completely different team from last season.
DRAFT LINEMEN
Jim nantz trying to jinx tucker
This offense is so trash
Our offense is so fucking bad sometimes. WAKE UP
Great playcalling! amazing stuff!!!
Could have been a Dez td! We are ASS! Point blank
Jfc Dez would have powered that in.
Fuck. Greg. Roman.
I am getting frustrated that we don't feed Dobbins when he is hot.  Let him open up the field to other plays.  He wants to run it and we pull him.
WHY IS JUSTICE HILL IN THE GAME ON BIG PLAYS
"Also I stg if we don’t keep giving the ball the Dobbins, he’s tearing them up"
This might be some of the worst offensive coaching I’ve ever seen. No cap
Dez was open
Fuck this I'm tweeting the ravens right now to fire Greg that's all I can do yall should too
"Between Ingram still getting carries and after being yanked after efficiently moving the chains, Dobbins is about to request a trade lmao"
FUCK GREG ROMAN
i cant wait till we fire this trash ass offensive coordinator.
Fuck Greg Roman megathread.
JK deserves better man
Hill is the new Chris Moore on ST
Hill has been great on ST today
Our kick coverage has been real good so far this game
"Two red zone trips and six points.  We can’t put winning this game on D, but that’s where we seem to be going."
Honestly I'm starting to think Roman doesn't wanna give it to JK cuz he's 1 of our only reliably good players
You guys realize 1st and Goal and 0 runs?
"We need to draft our next stud on the interior O-Line, until we shore that up this offense ain’t doing shit with or w/o Roman"
Hill again making the plays on ST.
Ok Justice Hill is a monster on special teams and we need to keep him
"Henry getting ran down boys.

Wink is on point."
Hill = Chris Moore 2.0
OUr oFFenSe WiLL Form A NeW iDeNtITy
I need to see Malik lay the Hammer on Henry PLEASE
Justice Hill (RB) - DPOY
"Clock was at 0 for literally 2 seconds, how was that not delay of game"
Judon for once peeled off
Nice missed OPI. Love how they call tacky shit on Marlo and then ignore the obvious push off
Good field position.  Need to do something with this.
"Let's go, offense."
"Marlon hasn't been pressing as much this season, and I wish he would. He's a great press DB"
"JK runs like 5 years on his knees lol

Edit. Yards."
Dobbins is so much better than any other RB on this team. It’s not even funny.
FEED JK
Feed the ball to Dobbins!!
ROMAN YOU BETTER NOT MESS THIS UP
dobins is running so well
Does anyone think Dobbins might be good? Asking for my friend who is an OC
GODDAMN IT YOU GOTTA MAKE THAT PLAY
Lamar was late there. Same throw but earlier is a TD
2 for 9 for Lamar. Jesus Christ.
Dez was wide open there but I’ll take the shot
"Check it down to Dez and let him make a play, the chance that Hollywood makes that catch is so low"
Look I clown on Hollywood more than most but that one was on Lamar
"Just a little late on that throw, but I like the attempt"
Love the deep shots though. Keep throwing them.
Mandrews with the big play
GREAT throw!
Bench brown and run Dez as WR1
KEEP FEEDING DOBBINS!
That’s my Fullback/DT hybrid!
That's for Ricard's Door Dash!
That one is for all the Lamar deep ball skeptics
BEAUTIFUL THROW LAMAR THATS WHAT WE NEED
"NICE TRUCK, LET'S G!!!!"
Gotta wait 8 minutes for the call now
That's ok tho.  We got a 1st down at the 1.
Let Dobbins get it in
He’s down
"FUCK 
THE
TITANS"
"NGL Roman called good plays on this drive, but execution was just bad....Hollywood/LJ not in sync, OL being kinda bad as always...."
No fucking flags please
dobbins can make a case for OROTY if roman lets him go off the rest of the season
So much anxiety watching this game 😂
Damn I thought it was a first
That should have been a first down
Hes very clearly at the one wtf
That’s a fucking crazy call
Just milking commercials here
Ffs give us the damn TD
"Regardless if he got in or not, it is a first down. Looks like he broke the plane though"
"Jc, give us the TD ffs."
Are they going to fuck us again?
I’m not even a Ravens fan but GD Dobbins runs hard.
"Yall thought we would kick a FG 
JK"
Man that's a fucking td
"PROPS TO ROMAN FOR ADJUSTING. Great play calling, but definitely props to the players for the execution. Great drive."
This review better be a payback for that fucked up first down call
Anyone else feels like our newly forged identity is very much our old identity?
Dobbins Edwards and Lamar are the future of the run. Ingrams gas is in empty.
definitely a 1st down if not a touchdown
"I feel like the refs saw the orange ground marker knocked to the side and thought that was the first marker when they called it 3rd and 1...

Also that last play was obviously a TD and they better call it that way."
Can’t wait for another commercial after this 2 pt conversion
Trying to rob Dob of a TD
Dobbins show
JK coming out party
"&#x200B;

2-Pt Conversion is *GOOD!!*"
Mike Vrable has a punchable face and rubs me the wrong way. Maybe because he’s an Ex Patriot
Dobbins easy player of the game so far. Dude's killing the game
I hope this drive has moved up JK's playing time
Damn we're actually showing some resilience
Okay that was awesome
Best thing about that drive is that our D is rested
FEED MR DOBBINS GODDAMNIT
Dez is a great hype man
Dobbins taking over this game
JK is balling
"Hawks fan here, fuc the titans! They’re trashy af. Hope you guys run it up on them."
Jaylon setting the edge like ray charles smdh
Bro our special teams is fucking nasty. If I'm the returner for Tennessee I'm fsir catching fuck those hits lol
How you gonna get juked by Ryan T
Ingram the ultimate teammate out there celebrating
NOOOO QUEEN
Cleat to the nose is no fun.
Queen got cleated in the nose
Ouch. Effort ay there though damnit.
Just a shot to the face he should be fine
Damn 7 tackles in the 1st half?
No more injures man 😔
Anyone else annoyed Tony and Jim are just cracking jokes with our 1st round pick injured on the field?
Oh look... ANOTHER COMMERCIAL. The real America's pastime.
Yannick putting the work
Yannick is having his best game so far.
We using 4 man rush and Ngakoue is getting pressure and our zones are limiting em this is a good no blitzing D
Of course there is a flag lol
Bs ass flag
That’s soft as fuck
I honestly hate the Titans more than the Steelers. I at least respect Pittsburgh as a franchise
Are you fucking kidding me??
The discipline this year does not exist.
Mcphee and Judon are always good for one dumb roughing the passer penalty
We always get roughing the passer at the worst times
IF Ten scores. Itll be because of flags.
Every fucking week
That's an awful penalty.
Gotta say we been containing Henry decently so far
Bullshit
What the hell are you supposed to do?
I just hate that it's always the same stupid shit. Those penalties happen on the most crucial downs
These mfs got so bailed out this drive.
Every nfl game 1 or 2 calls decide the game man fuck this
We can’t go into half tied with them getting the ball
Titans gotta know that refs are keeping them in this gane
Romo stfu
Gotta hold em to a FG
"Can we please talk about how Queen and Harrison give absolutely no fucks when it comes to tackling Henry?

Just be clear I mean they’re playing well against him."
Fuck this was a fumble
Romo go date another blonde bimbo and talk like you did anything in the league but blow Divisional leads.
Why is the clock running ?????
Yannick dominating
Fuck you Nance
Yannick lets go
Finally that horseshit drive that never should've happened comes to a merciful end
Yannick is schooling their LT today
A pass rush with only rushing four? what is this?
Holy shit tannehil is so awful without Henry going insane
Yannick is eating LFG
Yannick is a world beater
"That play call doesn't scream ""we want to try and score before halftime"""
[Me when the Ravens score a TD](https://i.redd.it/8jhbqcblwjj31.png)
Fuck that looked painful
That’s weak football. 45 seconds and a TO? Not even gonna try to drive down the field?
At the 20 with a middling offense and 1 time out. Yes get the clock chewed and get the half. Run it annnnnnd maybe get a chunk play then shift into gear. I'm glad none of you are calling plays.
Imagine having the best kicker of all time and just taking a knee.
I hope we give the Steelers first loss of the season I’m getting drunk on Thanksgiving if we do.
Come in defense keep up the good shit and no penalties
Browns offence scored 0 in the first half against the Eagles...
They said Brown would be better this year because he wasn’t dealing with nagging injuries. They were wrong
Wow whatever glitch we had in the first quarter is completely gone.
I don’t get the shield stomping thing. Especially before the game.
LET'S GOOOOOO
Welcome back officially
❌
Dez for 5 and a savage stiff arm? Fucking keep him in and feed him!
"Dez is back baby

Game over NFL"
Romo makes a good point. Dez has sooo much space. Get that ball out quick.
yesss feed JK
"Wait, we haven't stopped using Dobbins because he was doing good? Do I even know this offense?"
Shut the fuck up Vrabel
"Just joining the chat now

Tannehill is fucking rattled homies and Dobby is going NUTS"
What are you arguing you fucking barbarian.
Screw u Romo we called him Dobby first!
Look at what they did to our boy! Andrews didn’t deserve it lol
Jesus at some point buy Andrews dinner if you're going to be on him that long.
It feels so good to have all of the penalties be on the other team for once
"Vebrel loosing control of his team.

They were undisciplined as fuck before the game even started."
"Dobbins is over sitting on the sidelines this season, I'm starting to see the excitement from the Ohio fans"
A DEEP THROW??
LAMAR DID A THING
WOW that was a GREAT play call.
#ANDREWSSSS FUCK YEA
YES FUCKING LETS GO
LAMAR WITH A DIME!!!!
"I TOLD YALL

BEHIND THE BAR IS THE TICKET 

I GUESS I LIVE HERE NOW"
THATS WHAT WE FUCKING NEED
MANDREWS FUCKING MANDREWS
WE BACK?! ARE WE?!
YES
Lets fucking go llama
Run games opened up that beautiful pass
The Nick Boyle dance! 😭😭😭
Suck my fucking dick ESPN
*He’s baaAaaAaaaaaaAAaaack*
"This is what I'm talking about people who were here in the first quarter.

Like some of y'all call for Lamar's head way too fast just truss."
"Man if we pull this off, and find a way to beat Pittsburgh next week

We're fucking back bitch"
Great TD pass on an amazing route!
5G CONNECTION. TELEPHATIC
Awesome TD! But fuck....Burrow just got hurt real bad
Holden is .....hold-ing up at RT.  I will see myself out lol
Ok LJ showin some emotion
Love Lamar bumping into Butler
DAMN ELLIOT
That was a hit!
GET ROCKED
Elliott big boy
Lmao ball so hard even our QB is an enforcer
Henry got fucking sent to the shadow realm!
And that’s why Elliott> Thomas
that was a nasty hit
Elliott is a BIG BOI NO LIL BOI
BIG HITTAS HERE
32 AINT YOUR LEAD BLOCKER ANYMORE
I know we hate Henry but I really do hope he's ok
BOOM
That TD was to shut the mouths of all the bandwagon Ravens and plastic ass fans on this subreddit. Fuck all y'all soft ass bitches
Aint no Earl Thomas here.
That’s my QB
"WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO


IN THE MOUTH"
Joker > the King
Hit stick!
TURN THAT MAN INTO A BOY
Elliot laying the wood on Henry and then ripping the ball out while he’s falling goddamn
Elliot >>>>> Thomas
Hit him again
RIP Joe Burrow 2020-2020
"Greg Roman -  ""I recently found out that establishing the run with Dobbins means we can open up the passing game!""

""We will now forge a new offensive identity"""
Peters got roasted
We are going to need to score at least another td looks lkme
"Who woulda thought we are too physical for the Titans lol, they belong to De’shon Elliot"
Lmfaooooo I swear to God this defense at times
Whenever the offense starts clicking the defense shits the bed...
Someone outsmarted themselves
This is how the Playoff game should’ve went.
THEY SKURA'D IT
"Eye poke, that shit is unacceptable if on purpose"
KARMA IS A BITCH HAHAHA FUCK YOU TITANS
Karma
I love how physical this game is. Feels like an old Pittsburgh game.
LOL SERVES YOU RIGHT
When did we trade Skura to the Titans?
Sometimes trying to be the smartest dude on the field costs you bigly
Haha fuck you
hahahaha
"About time these things go our way. After the last Henry wildcat burn, things go full circle."
DONT PLAY THOSE GAMES
AHHHH just had vietnam flashbacks
HA!!! FUCKS
REVENGE HAHAHAHA
"nice. we got saved by their C

a nice, long offensive drive would be nice here."
Run. The. Ball.
"Going wildcat on 4th and 1 with a monsoon. Going wildcat with a backup centers first snap of the day. 

What’s the difference 😂😂😂"
"So Soulja is now what, 0 catches on 3 targets? 4 targets?"
"KAMAR AIKEN!!

Wait..."
People who wear masks below their nose are dumber than bricks
"Fuck you Butler, your soft af. Dez run right through you"
Butler has to be the biggest fucking bitch in the league
RAVENS LEGEND DEZ BRYANT
Dez is doing well
Dez and Proche baby!
That was um what?
Fucking hell
What the fuck was that. Jesus christ.
"Lamar wanted to go to the sideline to not take the hit but Snead got pushed back. 

That's a smart decision even if it was close."
Ravens legend Dez Bryant
That was on Duverney.
MORE DEZ DAMMIT!
Duvernay got lost.
Our WR’s suck.
Damnnnn why now
Terrible. Duverney you gotta break that up
Honestly I'm ok with that pick. At least he's looking down the field
Duvernay not helping out
Was that on duvernay ?
"What the fucking fuck is that playcall? JK has been ripping them up all game and we have control of the score, WHY WHY"
Blew a good ass drive.
"That's exactely what NOT to do, as a Wide Receiver."
That was on Duvernay
Pulled the old Flacco arm punt
lmao the pass punt. Throwback to the Flacco Days
Defense is gonna have to stop them somewhere. Idk where but we got a lot of space to do it.
Man I wish we could have contained Henry this well back in January
With all the injuries I didn't expect our D line to perform this well.
Can we get one sack please?
As a small business owner I appreciate these visa commercials
We reaaaaally need to hold them. We can't let them get points and then not score next drive. We have to score at least two more FGs or a TD and FG.
"we need a stop, they're getting hot and we can't afford this"
Elliot is gonna put himself in a wheelchair
# NOOOOOOOOO
The linebackers are getting caught up in the middle they need to get wide to their assignments
We better hold them to a FG
Just like the Steelers game that int took all our momentum away. If we lose it’s on that turnover.
Why can’t we set the edge
4 down territory methinks.
Good hold Defense
Watch the faaaake
"Gotta go score now, got to."
Now we need a score to keep this lead going and close out the game
need a long time consuming drive right here. gotta get at least a FG
Lol Elliot was wagging his finger to an empty stadium
Dobbins pls
The option is just not working this year.
Another dumb ass play
Lamar use Dobby?
SNEAD WITH THE CLUTCH CATCH
Snead has put in the work
SNEAD #1 RECEIVER
Vintage Jackson
Number one WR Willie Snead
"Nice drive so far, a 3 and out would have been a calamity"
Terrible spot
Harbs has stepped up his challenge game this year for sure
Very smart challenge
Wtf???
should have won that
Fuck these refs
 Lamar fucking missed him wide open.
Refball!
Annd another over throw.
Classic penalties to kill a drive
We’re determined to let them win this game
Fucking pathetic.
Our offense is so ass
Fucking open man come on
That's definitely not on Roman
Bad throw. FUCK
We seriously are about to fucking throw away this game.
Jesus the Titans have no one left
Queen hello?
What is Peter's doing?
Here we go
get peters off of him
Imagine having defenders who could tackle
Oh so now it's the defense's turn to let us down?
Just give them the touchdown already fuck me
"Woah woah woah, was that a little person?"
Just let him in
Tannehill dribbled it!
why is Chris board even near Aj brown
wow Judon's actually playing well today
😂😂 lmao embarrassing
That’s horrific defense.
LOL
That one missed throw to Andrews is going to lose this game
Atrocious tackling
Fucking pathetic. Unreal
Simply embarrassing
Who the fuck just carried him into the endzone
That was one of the worst defensive plays of our season. How the holy shit did he just keep going.
Our tackling is atrocious. AJB is a monster but he should NOT be allowed to tank through like that.
fucking trash ass secondary. wrap up you fucking eggs
how can you blame the offense for this tackling???
Unacceptable.
"Lol, our entire defense can't hold onto anyone to make a tackle.  Another problem we've had all season."
Can we acknowledge this is on players not making plays and leave our coaches alone?
Pathetic
Can’t wait to miss the playoffs
I'm so fucking done with this defense
Defense just got bullied.
Defense is trash
Bunch of choke artists
Just let him walk right in guys it’s cool
Titans just embrassed us at home
well here’s the season
I mean Peters whiffing the tackle makes sense but Jesus wtf is everyone else doing
Fuck this horseshit.
"Well, time for Lamar to throw the ball. *fuck*"
"I know we have issues with offense, but a drive like that really I gotta be pissed at the defense"
I like Chuck but you can't be getting shed by a WR if you're gonna play SS
"I mean if we lose, it sucks but I can get over it. But losing like THIS.....that's totally different"
I have zero confidence in the offense to get past midfield as well
Blame of the game peters
Cant wait to lose off dumb penalties on this last drive
Gonna be yet another close game the ravens lose because of their own incompetence. I keep waiting for it to even out but this team finds a way to fail every week
I have absolutely no confidence in this offense the way they've looked
Terrible tackling
"That was embarrassing,  we need to be able to make stops"
D forgot how to tackle around the ankles
"So we hold the Tits to 24, no excuse"
I'm in Spain without the S
Watching football hurts now
The thing is I know we aren't bad record wise but this team gives me such 2017 feels right now it keeps me up at night.  Wasn't asking for 14-2 again but for the love of Christ can we lose without all the bs?
Work'em Lammie!
Lamar needs to prove himself. No one cares what you did last season at this point.
Peters is pplaying like he's scared of contact
Non believers can STFU fake ass fans.
truss levels building
COME ON GUYS GO GO GO
Dez!
DEZ
Let's play to win not overtime.
THAT WAS A TD
#BELEE
We absolutely do NOT want overtime.
Y’all got any more of them false starts?
🙅🏽🙅🏽🙅🏽🙅🏽🙅🏽
THERE WILL BE NO BLAME OF THE GAME
"They need to address these panalties man, it's killing us"
I really hope we don't fuck this up. I don't like snatching defeat rom the jaws of victory
Good decision by Lamar
no one can get open jfc
Damnit I wanted a TD so we didn’t have to play OT since we literally play Thursday....
Why not run we had a timeout what is that call there man wtf
so disappointing. They give us the win and we decline it. Fuck this
Thank god for tucker
Awful. Where's Dobbins?
OVERTIME IM HERE FOR IT!!!! BIG BOY FOOTBALL LITTLE BOYS GO HOME
"good drive on O, give us the ball take us home"
All the receivers standing still....
That should have been  a flag
The glory days of having a heart attack every game and letting Tucker carry the team
The Tucker Jersey is on boys
Why do our centers fucking hate us?
Andrews was right in front of the goal line.
Lamar’s only has only had one OT in his career right?
#RALLY CAPS
Stunt on these hoes
LETS GO LAMAR. BUILD THAT LEGACY BABY
THANK FUCKING GOD
I want to see a fuck tonne of Dobbins here
It's the BELEE quarter boys and girls. Lets get it.
The biggest issue seems to be the red zone offense.  They’ve been there plenty of times in several games and come up with FG. 3 times in this game they couldn’t get a TD. just one game time is the game.
Dobbins until it stops working please
Pathetic
I swear man the rollercoaster of emotions
Our O-line performances and penalties are costing us the game.
Ah. The ravens.
Greg Roman runs EVERY time on 1st down at least change it up
"Yeah, that's how you lose games. ggs yall"
lol they just need a FG
GG
I guess they were trying to create the Ray Rice play?
o-line getting cooked
"Ballgame.

This loss is worth it if Roman gets fired"
I fucking hate this team
Knew Greg would fuck this up
C A N C E R
what does Lamar's contract look like?
Dumbass play by not throwing that away.
We would need a miracle from this defense.
FIRE GREG FUCKING ROMAN PLEASE
I'm ok with missing the playoffs for better draft pick
wtf was that
Marcus Peter's is trash today.
These tiny little plays. They make bobble catches. Turn losses into net gains.
I’m fucking pissed
god dammit ANOTHER INJURY????
Fuck 2020
Can we fucking tackle?
The difference between us and the Titans is they have receivers that can get fucking open
"They literally only throw it to David or Brown, how hard is it to cover that"
I can't wait until this team ruins my Thanksgiving as well
Team looking at 4 straight losses with a shit offense.
i went into this week already full-on expecting to be 6-5 come friday and they still manage to let me down
"Steelers, Titans, both games we should've won but didn't. The locker room is slipping away..."
fuck man our D has no life left
Someone better be fucking fired
"Our front office has managed to avoid criticism, but this roster is the problem.   Not very good at lots of spots"
GG boys people need to be fired
"See ya next season, guys"
This team is an embarrassment.
#GOD DAMMIT CAN WE PLEASE TACKLE HENRY???
I really need to stop waiting until after these games to do my homework lol. Win or loss I'm mentally exhausted after
GG. This team fuckin sucks
"Welp, that's the game. Derrick Henry is literally the Terminator. He's a machine that just can't be stopped."
"3rd place in the AFC North, here we come."
We don’t deserve the playoffs
Our defense is actually bad
We beat ourselves...again!
God I hate the Titans.
Fire the whole coaching staff at this point.
Our secondary is overrated as fuck
We had this game.
Embarrassing way to end the game. We officially suck.
"no D-line, no O-line, no comprehension of coverage to the flats= no winning team."
BIG TRUSS
Time to fire the offensive staff
All this money on the defense & they fold this easily
nice way to defend home field boys
I hate watching this team.
This team is spineless it showed before the game and in key moments
This is exactly how we lost the playoff game. Trading FGs while they score TDs
"Call bullshit clipping just because a guy gets hurt, but no flag for lowering the helmet on the very next play. These refs are as fair and balanced as every major news channel."
This sub is soooo toxic
"I don’t want to hear anybody complaining anymore about fairweather fans. Those have long gone... the people complaining about this team right now are real fans, and they have a real reason to complain. This team sucks. We have absolutely no business of being in the play offs.

And yes, maybe, the fanbase is more toxic than the horrible horrible Flacco days because we actually expect something from this team... Shouldn’t have done that"
Idk how people expect us to be the same team with all of the injuries we’ve had
Unfucking real. This should’ve been a 7pt drive
Say what you want about lamar but guys are making mistakes all around the lineup that werent made last season.
Lamar ain’t having enough time to do anything with these passes
We are not gonna win this game.  Can't execute when we need to against a pretty good Tennessee team.
"pretty impressed at how well we're doing so far, i was expecting to lose by a lot cuz henry is huge"
Peters is kind of a bitch sometimes. Love the guy but also kinda don't like him at times.
They gonna try to hurt lamar this drive. Hand the ball off....
GODDAMNIT LAMAR YOU HAD ALL DAY
"Dude we were marching, why"
Why are we NOT RUNNING IT EVERY PLAY AT THIS POINT
"Bad pass, bad call, and Duv messed up a bit not fighting for it. Could have just been an incompletion."
Thats why Duv isnt allowed to run more than jet sweeps and screens lol
Maybe look at the other angle you dumb fucks
Lamar man that throw was dog shit bro
Doomers out to play
This team fucking sucks we don’t deserve playoffs
That was a delay of game but whatever
Don't forget JK with that block tho
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD JUST DON'T TURN IT OVER
If they turn it over ima kms
Another drive that just fucking ends pathetically
This is a battle between 2 teams trying their best to lose. Who comes out on top?
Lmao this offense is so fucking pathetic
Truss levels are currently in the negative
Vrabelichick
Fire Greg Roman right now that motherfucker is so retarded
Harrison showing more awareness  than Queen rn
Refs has it out for us guys plain and simple we gotta overcome it.
"Offense costing us big rn, Lamar missed 3-4 throws that could have been big, and of course dumb penalties"
Steelers gonna push this teams shit in next week. Anyone talking bout truss is a fucking idiot at this point.
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but don't you have to at least look at the ball before making contact as a defender?"
romo hates the ravens
Hey guys just a heads up. There have only been two drives so far.
He doesn't even deserve the Hollywood nickname. Call him dumpster brown cuz he's TRASH
Wasn’t too bad but I thought there was a PI based on not playing the ball?
Field goal ain’t getting it down with our D.
Lamar was on the move that’s not some cake walk throw to make it was just good coverage tf y’all on 😂
You really can't blame Roman when someone is schemed open and Lamar doesn't make the throw.
Offense is garbage.
Commentators need to stop trying to jinx Tucker
[deleted]
"Dude wtf is the reffing this year? That was clearly a 1st, and clearly a td"
If Mahomes got the ball back with 50 seconds they would try to score that’s all Ima say.
"I love the complaints about running out the clock. It was 1st and 20, and this is not Madden."
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
"That wasn't even such a bad snap, Henry just failed there"
And that's why Duvernay doesn't see much use downfield.
"that’s both on Lamar and Duvernay, a bad route and a bad decision"
And y'all still blame the receiver right there. I don't get it
we let tannehill run for 13? cmon
This game feel really familiar to anyone else?
they're gonna go up 23-21 and we'll lose because of Lamar and Roman
"Receivers open on every single play, pressure not getting anywhere. They gonna march easily"
Honestly we should just let them score the TD
"Call me a fake fan or whatever, but I have zero confidence in this offense getting down the field for even a field goal in a pressure situation."
"Lamar has a chance to prove he can come from behind and win a game late, this is a very good opportunity to do it."
"man.... i know we're all about ""big truss"" but i have no truss in our offense coming up big here."
This may hurt worse than the divisional game..I thought that was an aberration. But it was just the beginning
This secondary couldn't eat shit out the shoes of Lewis/Suggs/Reed
Snead is the fucking man. Only bright spot on this team lately. What a fucking boss.
24 points to a playoff team when were down 2 key defenders isnt bad.
"Pathetic, we just needed a first down and none of the WRs or TEs even bothered to come back. No game awareness"
I hate this team so much this year. Since 2014 we've imploded culturally.
someone needs to be fired - this team is sorry
Absolutely fucking pathetic. See you next year guys
Fuck this team
"Honestly, from top to bottom. The 2020 ravens might be the most overrated I have seen."
This offense simply isn't very good anymore
Colbert is so unfunny
WHY cant we give Dez some big passes fuck man I really hate this offense. Very incompetent coaches.
It looks like Roman missed another throw.
Reminder the titans are 1-3 the past month and are shredded with injuries on defense.
"Hopefully the ""everything is fine, people who complain are bandwagoners"" people go away after this."
Ravens just cant beat the good teams.
This sub is so toxic
This week was the first time Lamar and Hollywood didn’t walk in together. That seems troubling 💔
"Alright, Jim Rome. I'm pretty sure no one was even thinking about comparing this year's Seattle defense to those *Legion of Boom*^TM squads; but it's okay, you be you."
"Two Ravens games this week my dudes

Let’s feast"
"Nantz/Romo twice in three weeks, we're big time now"
"No matter what our guys say, they know this is a revenge game"
All of you guys are annoying me. Have some faith. We've been in worse positions against worst ropes against worse odds and somehow Harba makes the team play well. Chill out I'm seeing negative posts after negative post and we haven't even kicked off. Last I checked we haven't been the browns since 1996.
Harbs ready to square up lmfaooo
Malcolm butler is one to talk
"Ok, fuck this team into oblivion please."
FUCK THOSE SCUMBAGS
"Fuck the titans for trying to disrespect our team, good for Harbaugh not taking it"
Fuck the Titans
Why does 3rd down always come so God damn fast.
DEZ IS IN!
Super close!!! Love that we have Dez to go for that
Can they show a replay why that was incomplete?
Dez XXX
Dez caught it
Why do we always hold? It’s unbelievable
Offense is a tragedy to watch.
Apparently we are the only team that holds and commits DPI.
Learn the names. Humphries 😒
Another day full of penalties
Holy shit I just realized this is Romos first game commenting on his former best receiver (or at least in a while)
I wanna know how many 3 and outs we’ve had this year
Shit play by Marlon
We about to have 18 penalties and the Titans will have 1 false start and that'll be how this game goes.
Ohhhh yes bby gimme one more penalty i’m almost there
This O-line already falling apart \*sigh\*
I swear throwing a fucking deep ball in this league ends up being a PI 90% of the time.. fucking stupid.
Does this team even do anything in practice? We already have two fucking penalties?
His name is Humphrey not Humphries
Fucking blitz
"""Humphries"" 

lots of effort there"
Come on d
Humphrey showing Earl how to tackle Henry
"Does our O-line practice for like 5 mins and go home, why are we so undisciplined"
This new identity has looked great. 3 and out
"Go 3-out. Defense letting them drive on their first possession. 

Going to be a long day"
"I hate this fake crowd noise, it’s really distracting"
I want this team to go OL and DL heavy and trade future picks for a WR.
Deciding if I really wanna do this to myself today. Might be time to watch red zone instead
We have zero defensive line basically. This game is pretty much where the offense MUST put up or shut up.
Ah yes the most tight ends by tight ends
Wow I did not realize our red zone D was that bad. That's what no 4 man rush will get you.
dickless cowards
This is going to be discouraging
We’re so scared of Henry that it opens up their passing game
What is defense?
Pathetic display of Ravens D. Our new logo should just be a block of Swiss cheese.
If this is the team - we’re headed to 8-8 with wins over Bengals and Jags
( ͡ಠ ʖ̯ ͡ಠ)
What the actual fuck was that
I literally hold my breath every time this offense takes the field........
why do we blitz on 3rd and long?
Like you almost fight a team before the game even starts and that’s how we come out looking? Lol
Please lord give me strength
"Who's ready for run, Incomplete pass x2 lol"
"Wink blitzes on 3rd and long against a battered OL guess who gets the first down? the check down.

We come out running on 1st down on offense for a limited gain, leaving lamar in 2nd & long to caretake. 

w/e, man."
"We need our playmakers on defense to play insane today. Humphrey, Peters and queen get yo fumble game on"
the 3rd and 11 conversion was the killer. unacceptable can’t happen. clean it up and move on. 53 and 1/2 minutes left
Brandon Williams and Calais Campbell are pretty damn important to this team. Hopefully the offense can get it together.
"Time to disprove the lazy ""can't play from behind"" meme once again."
Do we have a playbook at all? Looks like no one knows what to do...
Its sad how obvious it is that nobody fears Lamar like they did last season.
No dobbins yet tf going on??
Get Ingram out wtf
"Im telling y’all our blitzing tendencies are gonna get us killed if we keep it up, teams are coming better and better prepared for it and it’s annoying see all the open zones"
Why the fuck is Ingram still RB1??
Wow Soulja WOW
Nice hands soulja
Hollywood garbage
lmao thats my soulja
I don't wanna hear a fucking word from Marquise Brown ever again
I so badly wish we had the Chiefs' playbook
Hollywood has been terrible every since he made those remarks
Soulja dropping balls
Butterfingers Brown better not say a fucking word after this game if we lose
Ingram couldn’t get 1 yard with 7 offensive linemen crashing the right.... why is he getting any work over gus and dobbins?
SOULJA
Soulja!
Sit Ingram down please
Lamar deserves a better team than this
SOULJA!!!
Fuck I'm behind I'm about to watch what brown did lol
Catch the ball Hollywood.  He's too scared of being hit.
Lamar and Andrews are literally our only offense
Cause hes afraid of getting hit.
"Damn, that drop by Brown.  This team has been plagued with dropped passes, bad snaps, OL penalties (and just all-around poor performance), it's been a brutal stretch of ineptitude lately hasn't it?"
You gotta use your soldiers
Ingram can not get shit.
Soulja sighting
Hollywood Bust
Hollywon't
More Duvernay/Proche/Dez.....less hollywood
Lmao fucking hollywood
LET DOBBINS AND DUVERNAY EAT GOD DAMNIT
"Take notes on that catch, Soulja"
How are any of you blaming Ingram when they get to the line immediately
Mark andrews might be our most reliable player lmao
Soulja can't catch
Feed Dobby
In one play Dez has done more than Boykin has in weeks and he even dropped it.
I’m sorry but we need dobbins and Gus this game
Stop running Ingram :( I love the guy but he ain't it
What’s the point of having Souljas if they can’t catch the ball?
See what happens when we give it to jk
"Get ingram out man, 3 snaps and 2 yards to show for it."
FCKING BENCH INGRAM
Wow the other team got a penalty!!
Hey “Hollywood” how about you catch the fucking ball
A penalty against the other team?  Are we in alternate universe now?
Godbins
Shocked that penalty wasn't against us lol
Finally a penalty not against the Ravens
"Mark Andrews simply goes in motion out of the backfield to lineup just off the line. 

""They're really asking Andrews to do so much more now."""
All I heard was a money hooker
I get people are being critical of Lamar but his O-line gives him little to no time
Dobbins gets a run = first down. Ravens: Okay buddy now go sit on the sideline
Hey guys! Pick up your spirit! Game isn’t over!!
"Idk about his fitness level, but Dez should  in every play. Brown is basically invisible."
Damn what a hit
Fuck I missed the hit
no one can get hot the way we switch in and out rb's
Let’s get a turnover pls
Good shit Justice.
Queen is in for a long day... dudes playing on his heels already
Haha queen and not being gap disciplined. Name a better duo
Wow we stopped a screen!
D Line is Swiss cheese
Feels like our best chance this game is going to be the Titans getting too cute and wasting downs like that.
Fuck injuries
"I think we’ve held Henry for about 22 yards so far do that 3 more times and he won’t even go for 100, although it doesn’t really feel like we are stopping him atm"
Harrison is a real one...guys gotta step up and make plays
Them Ohio State boys 💪💪💪
YOOOOOO
LETS GOOO
LETS GOOOO
FUCK YEAA
We need those
We need to resign bowser ASAP
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Damn Hump thought he had a pick
One of yall said queen is a bust here gtfo
That's that shit I do like.
That was beautifully read.
GOOD SHIT BOYS
see that right there is why we can’t give up on queen just yet... I’m at fault too
Oh boy what a pick
BROOOOO!!! QUEEEN!!!!!
Dont hate on King Queen 👑
LETS FUCKING GO
I love defense
Oooh yeah!
Huge
THERE WE GO D! LIGHT THAT FIRE!!
Lets go get a touchdown boys!!!
Get in there
"Sorry guys my bad, I didn’t have my Lamar jersey on. I put it on and we got the pick"
when did jake from state farm get fuckin yoked
I took all next week off.  FUCK YEA!!!
Wink still working the D with holes in it but Roman cant get a TD to save his job. Smh
God save the Queen
"Finish, O"
Another drop.
The offense is so painful to watch week in and week out
Isn't Dez Bryant active today
Good Fluker benched finally
His name JK but he ain’t kidding
I said it before and I’ll keep saying it: I really love Dobbins.
This nigga Dobbins is different
"I love Ingram but it’s clear last years heavy workload had its toll 

Dobbins is much more productive"
Dobbins been a beast anytime he's on the field
Don’t take dobbins out!!
START DOBBINS . I am no longer asking
Why tf does Dobbins come off the field
I would not mind seeing Dobbins get 12-15 carries today at min
Dobbins will become a great for us.
What the fuck was that bruh
First down? Fuck it let’s run this stupid ass play
That was one of the ugliest plays I’ve ever seen
Wtf kinda shit was that
Jaguars with a shutout 👀
Dobbins is so fuckin good please make him the #1 back
"Ok, Greg, new game plan. Hand the ball to Dobbins, throw the ball to Duvernay. Win games."
Dobbins needs 20 carries a game. He is a difference maker
Even the announcers are question why Dobbins came out of the game lmao
First play inside the 10 and you pull that bullshit ass play out of your hat?
Let JK cook 😤
Red zone offense is pure trash
Bruh please play jk
Smh Dobbins needs to get the load of touches
Every run play has been positive yards.   So let's pass it
"Roman, having Hollywood run to a spot and not keep moving around is not a red zone play
 Please stop"
This offense is an absolute fucking joke
Can we get a TD pass please
Fucking three and out
Seems like a slant or 2 would help things
Only getting a FG is embarrassing
dumb fucking calls jesus fuck
We have to give that to Dez!!!!!! Hes a grown man he coulda plowed that in easy.
This feels like a Tucker game tbh
"You really need 7 there, need another big play for the D here"
Run the fucking ball
Nantz is such a dick
Those plays are embarrassing..throw the ball already
"Our offensive line will be why we lose. Lamar has 0 time, couldn’t even throw that quick slant because of how quickly Lamar got pushed back"
"I don’t get the reads, he is always looking for Andrews first who is taken away like in the Pats game. Oh well keep fighting!"
what a fucking joke
This Offense is just impossible to watch.
Our OL has to be the worst in the league
Let's abandon the run at goal line
Is it possible to win this game with FGs only?
"Roman needs percentages to call the plays for him. His ""whims"" are so off. Dude needs to work off of data. I think his schemes are decent but his calls are wrong so often. Just not a good gametime guy."
Not getting TDS here is going to come back and bite us
We can’t be the only ones with enough brain cells to know you stay with the guy playing on fire. Harbs needs to tell Roman to stop being cute and do what he was hired to do
JKs reaction to coming off is all of us rn
"Lamar has -1 targets to throw to every play, has a second before he's destroyed, and GRoman fucks up calling plays. And we somehow have a 6 in the win column."
Why did they bench Dobbins for rest of that series. I am so confused.
Why are we putting justice hill in the redzone lately?
Why wouldn’t you throw it to Dez if they’re gonna give that much separation? Bad start for the offense all around other than Dobbins
"Greg Roman gets super angry when our running backs don’t just get stuffed at the line.


(This is the only logical conclusion to why you wouldn’t keep using the only running back not shitting the bed.)"
God damn Roman is actual shit
"Fucking pathetic. Garbage play calling, garbage execution. Yo let's send out Ingram for 1 or 0 yards, or call that Gus Sweep for -2 yards. Or a scramble for 1 yard. Like seriously save time and kick the FG, garbage offense/scheme. Imagine not running 3 times w/ Dobbins there."
"Damn, Fluker already got benched... Dude is speed running uselessness on the line at this point"
That first play wasn’t a pass. They just botched the run so badly it looked like a pass
Hill is a stud on special teams this week and last
Justice Hill has shown up on ST holy cow
Our kick coverage is killing it at least
Justice Hill special teams tearin it up!
Justice hill LFG 😂😂😂
Hill is a BEAST on special teams
We really need to give Dobbins more carries. I don’t understand it. Just gashed their defense on two straight carries and then you pull him.
Well the special teams is doing well
Stream is hella behind today
Defense is in shambles and still doing their job. Lamar needs to come out and make these throws.
Yannick was in on that pressure!
Clearly an offensive pass interference
That’s how our defense works. Force 3rd and long. Entire premise of wink’s scheme.
Way to flip the field with solid defence. Love the grit they’re showing now. Need our offence to help them out now
we got a stop but will we do something with it
Edge LB’s did a nice job containing there
"If the offense can get goin we can start turning the tides here.


Defense looks like it’s gettin it together."
"Amazon has enough money to get any NFL player for their commercials, so why do they go with Deshaun Watson? 😂😂"
"Man Titans are playing fucking dirty this game. 

Punches earlier, then pushing McPhee into Tannehill to draw a flag, then this shit after the fair catch...."
Hi remember the last time we fired our OC in the middle of the season and won the Super Bowl?
"Lamar needs some fucking hatred in his life bro. Dude out here with the least “fuck you” swagger I’ve ever seen and while it’s probably good in some situations, sometimes you need to be able to tap into some aggro"
FEED DOBBINS LOOK AT HIM GO
JK DOBBINS EVERY DOWN!
"Dobbins 11 yard rip, bench him pls."
Dobbins is electric. Coaching is abhorrent to take him out the game so often
Keep my nigga Dobbins IN. He literally eats😂
Dobbins with another first. And oh yeah. Take him out agai . Fucking shit
Dob is the starter and that's that
Wowwwwww. Dobbins can run? Lets take him out now.
Dobbins is such a beast
MAKE DOBBINS RB1
Dobbins looking sharp and fresh when many rookies traditionally run out of gas.
Dobbins is tearing this defense up!!
"Wow Romo said something positive about us, we did have the Steelers beat"
Dobby is a good elf
These next 2 weeks might be the most import stretch of the season. Playing the Titans and Steelers back to back is huge
GAME MVP - JK Dobbins
"yes keep feeding Dobbins, how dumb can we be if we keep giving carries to Ingram"
Fuck Henry. We’ve got Dobbins!
"Dobbins is really good.  Reminds me a lot of Ray Rice with how low he gets running, and his change of direction."
Keep giving it to jk til they stop it.  This ain’t rocket science
DOBBINS IS OUR DALVIN COOK
DOBBINS THE REAL DEAL YALL
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Look at that. We keep dobbins in and we get 2 first downs on 3 plays. What are the odds
Roman is so incompetent Feed Dobbins man
"We get way too cute when we get into the RZ. Dobbins was running really well and then we switched to 3 other packages for 2 blown plays across 3 different backs and a field goal.

FEED THE HOT HAND UNTIL HE TAPS OUT"
Dobbins will get us to the redzone and we will take him out again
If our offence was in any way competent we’d have this game sewn up. Same as the Steelers game fucking killing me
Bryant open for another easy first down lol
Lamar needs to get that out fucking quicker man. Jesus Christ.
Ah damn great throw by Lamar just a little late
"Hollywood won that route, the ball took too long"
Soulja
Dez was wide open at the marker
He was open late throw
Boy How many more excuses can we make for Jackson.
Nice so we don't plan on scoring touchdowns today
Dez was wide open at the First down
Dobbins is a dog has been all year it’s a blast watching him run imagine him with us last year 😩
Just a tad bit late
"That's on Lamar, bad timing"
Great name for an OL Holden
BRUH WE NEED A TRUE NUMBER 1 RECIVER
The duality of Lamar
Thought that was INT lowkey lol
"Nice throw, great catch Andrews!  Hell yeah!"
Please give Dez a chance in the end zone.
DEZ WAS. WIDEEEE OPEN. BUT LAMAR LOVES TARGETING HOLLYWOOD
#GIVE DOBBINS THE BALL NOW!!!!
Andrews. Water receiver than Hollywood.
What a perfect throw!
Roman running 4 verts like a madden game
"Great throw and catch, but why are two other receivers within three yards of Andrew’s?"
Just give it to dobbins 3 times
"If we had a boldin, deandre hopkins style receiver we'd be golden"
There we go 😤
#PROJECT PAT
Great shit by G-ro starting Dobbins the whole drive
Damn he’s down
Give it to Dobbins 3 times
Oof that’s not a score
Damn his knee was down early
Might be at the 1
Missed a facemask
We playing confident now baby let’s get it
Dobbins is a GOD
"not a TD but lets hand it off to ricard, let him finish it"
Hes down short. But just run the ball in and score
Now that’s the Ravens we know and love!!!!
Even though it was short. Let's get hyped!
WHAT'S UP PAT!!!
"Lol PRic you're 300 pounds, run that mf over!!!"
Now put Dobbins in and run it in from the 1
"I really want them to pass to Dez, get this guy going. He's running sharp routes, get him involved. Let's see that fire"
The Dez connection will come in due time. Let Dobbins eat.
If we can pull out this win and get either B-Will and/or Campbell back for thanksgiving we’d be a good shape
"Still should be a 1st down. Good shit, Pat"
Give Dez a td
I think Lamar isn’t used to a physical receiver and that’s why he doesn’t look to dez a lot.
We FUCKING HUNGRY!!!
I ain’t gonna complain about how we get points but I’d love to see a Dez TD here
Harbs talking shit back to players will always be funny
Feed the S L I P P E R Y B O I
"Damn, thought he had the first down at least"
DOBBINSSSSS
The ball was past the sticks?
Keep feeding Dobbins!!
Dobbins is HUNGRY!!! Keep feeding the man!
Give Dobby the ball
Bruh JK is tough as hell.  Look at him fight for those extra few inches after being stopped.
"No way you can overturn that, can't see his knee clearly and where the ball is."
It's weird seeing a big long haired white metalhead looking dude wearing number 82.
# FREE DOBBY
J K ALL DAY
Get ready for 4th and inches
"If it's 1st down.




We'll just fucking do it again."
"Thank you, Wilson. We finally have a replacement for Hayden's hair"
Inconclusive
How is that not a flag for ten49?
New blood new Truzz
All of my Woadies and coyotes coming together like SHOTTAS😈🔥😈
Feed the elf!! He is a beast!
Bruh Dobbins is a fucking MONSTER.
Is Dobbins szn 😈😈🔥🔥
Dude is taking the job by the horns
Hell yeah!!!
Everyone hop on Dobbins back straight to the super bowl
Feed dobbins
Fucking Nice play
Best decision EDC made!
Dobbins is doing work today. Keep feeding him
Love seeing how hype dez is about everything
DOBBINS MUST BE FED
[deleted]
Damn we beating that returner up poor guy
SPECIAL TEAMS POPPIN OFF TOO
Roman was checking the game thread during the game and realized how good Dobbins is
FEED JK
I think Ingram’s gone after this year but MAN I love having him on our team
You’re going to get juked by fucking Ryan Tannehill? My god
How do you get juked by him lmao
I want another pick
Blowing them up on every kick return. They're going to need to start calling fair catches.
Nose got fucked
Damn took a cleat to the face
Damn that was an ugly looking cleat across the face
"Having not watched Dobbins all season I’d say this was a career game, but honestly he’s just getting the snaps he always deserved"
He’ll be fine.
"That's gonna be a broken nose, yikes"
Wtf was Ferguson doing on that play
damn his nose is def broke
We just got sooo lucky
Wicked shot. That’s a tough kid though
So hard he's trying to break Henry's foot with his face
That hurt my face looking at that
We doing the game plan we should have executed in the playoffs. Force Tannehill to beat us.
Damn Yannick deserved that sack
Yannick caused that incompletion.
Omg did yall see how fast yannick got there?
Defense is doing a damn good job at getting pressure without Campbell or Big Brandon.
Another statless play by Yannick.
Pass rush has been crazy today
Yannick with the pressure. Nice
Lmao i literally called that fake punt
Great pressure by Ngakoue
Is there a team less able to handle unexpected shit?
I hate how Tennesee makes terrible decisions yet doesn’t get punished for it
That was just a great fucking throw wtf
Fuck the titans man
Yannick is half a second slow to making a big play
Oh come on now
OMG here we go
Fuck the Titans
2 free conversions
Soft call
Ngakoue seems to bring the real pressure
Of fucking course of fucking course
Thats a dumb rule
thats a weak ass call
I almost forgot I was watching a Ravens game
"Okay, the fix is fucking in"
Every week
Henry looks worked.
Penalties are killing us again
Let's get another hundo penalty yards
Defense gotta hold them to a FG since they’ve gotten sloppy
Might as wrap QBs in bubble wrap and put them in enclosed cases the way they ref.
We need a stop here.
Can someone actually cover a TE
Did anybody see Henry's head snap back just now?
Football gods owe us a turnover here
Yannick!
Ngakoue!
They get 5 yards on that?
Can't give this up man
"loving this pressure on tannehill, titans line looking weaker than expected"
Huge drop though! Got the TO
Thanks for the free timeout Tits
Yannick is going off
Ngakoue bringing it today
"pretty impressed with our D so far, esp given all the injuries"
Why not call our third timeout at 3rd down? Waste of 40 seconds. They throw incomplete on this down and we'd have had the ball with 1:30 on the clock
After the way we started I’ll take 14-10 at half... pts here would be big
"The little jump Yannick does is so beautiful to watch, he's so smooth."
"At this point, Tannehill can smell Yannick on every play. Expecting Vrabel and Smith adjust and put a TE there more often in the second half."
istg if they call another penalty on us...
Poor dude
That looked nasty as hell
Maculate conception? :O
Did his arm bend backwards????
Since when is that an illegal block..? I thought it’s only a penalty to go low when they’re engaged up high.
Going for another touchdown to end the half. Opposing good player gets hurt. Let’s just take a knee boys.
I always hear “100% have sex with the mandalorian” am I the only one?
Dobbins needs to be on the field all the time
We got this bb
They should swap out the bengals and put the titans in the AFC north just so we can say fuck the titans twice a year
"Henry only at 37 yds so far, well done ravens D lets keep it up"
Blatant hold on Yannick there
"POW 

free shots are the best shots"
"Can Romo try not to be so bored at the ""old-school"" football?"
TIME FOR OFFENSE TO MATCH THE DEFENSES ENERGY LFG LFG LFG
Defense has made some solid adjustments since that first drive
DEZ
DEZZZZZZ
DEZ CAUGHT IT
DEZ BRYANT OUR DOG ON THE OFFENSE!!!!
DEZ BRYANT
"turned no gain into a few, not bad"
If we're gonna call weak ass RTP then that's clear helmet to helmet
JK is raw dogging these defenders
Dobbins making something out of nothing...love him.
#DOBBY
Offense is allowed to open palm facemask. How does no commentator seem to know this
"Tony Romo ""I'm going to call him Dobby"""
Dobby
ROMO READING THE GAME THREAD YALL
Keep crying Vrabel
Penalties on them?!?
Can “yo wtf” be an official penalty? Cause that was it
LETS GO DOBBY
Titans are playing so dirty right now and acting surprised they're getting called for 10% of it. Go fuck yourselves.
#MANDREWS
Beautiful
MANDREWS
"Underrated play: The throwaway shows the growth, albeit small, in IQ from Jackson."
Hoo boy
LETS FUCKING GO
Nice throw
UHHHHHH FUCK DEM TITANS AMIRITE?
That fucking throw lol
"""Regressed as a passer"""
Great play call and great execution.
Butler thought it was going to Hollywood LMAO
Fucking finally. There’s the Ravens!
It’s amazing what happens when you scheme plays for your playmakers
YALL NEED TO TRUZZ THIS MAN
MANDREEEEWWWWSSSS!!!!!!!
LJ DIMES
Does anyone else say money when tucker kicks or am i alone
why is butler going to double cover brown instead of staying in his zone? not complaining just weird
Now let’s route their ass
That overhead shot was beautiful to see Lamar sky it and Mark break it off to the end zone
Hollywood drew a double team thats why Andrews is wide open
Brinks truck about to pull up to Mark's house
lmao the titans r so ass. i know a lot of us had low expectations about this game but me personally I did not. The titans went from being 5-0 to now 6-3. That should tell u guys something.
That was a fucking dot. I hope we Open up the vertical passing game more especially during our easy stretch of game to prepare for playoffs
"When Brown said he Souljas comment, he wasn't just talking about himself. Y'all loved Snead getting targets last week, y'all love when Duvernay gets more targets, y'all love when Dobbins gets all these carries but y'all still think he was ""talking shit"". Like this is exactly what he was talking about FEED THE PLAYERS THAT MAKE PLAYS."
Lamar lol
LAMAR 💜💜💜
Lamar lol
I'm buying a Jackson jersey now
"I shouted out of excitement, then automatically looked at the bottom waiting for the flag marker. It seems like every big play or momentum play we had this year is called back. The relief when I saw the kicking unit out man. Geez."
Deshon crushed him!!!!
Hahaha I love that no-look bodycheck
Our boys becoming a man love to see it LJ
Henry got walloped
POP
It's amazing what spreading out the receiving routes will do for this offense.
THATS PHYSICAL RAVENS FOOTBALL BABY GET FUCKED TITANS
I love Lamar for bumping Butler like that
"Atta boy Elliot, get rocked"
"Damn LJ, I love that"
Atta boy LJ
"You think Lamar did that on purpose? Idk, personally."
That looked rough.
THATS ELLIOT PUSSY
HENRY SOFT
LlamaJax: you don’t talk to my coach like that
THAT'S A RAVENS HIT.
Damn that 3rd down was big. Really could have started to stamp down on this game
Doing almost everything i wish we did in the playoffs against these pricks
Henry got lit up 🃏🃏🃏
Peters owned
Deshon Elliot is one hell of an athlete man
Eddie George vs Ray Lewis memories there.
What the fuck was that from Peters? Terrible coverage and then doesn't even try to tackle him with any force.
These throws are KILLING US
WHY THE HELL WAS HE SO OPEN??!!
Just burned him
Field goal
cmon peters
"BIG hold on Ellis, they gotta call that"
Lol skura’d
"Lol, get cute and get fucked"
How is Henry even back out there? No way he  wasn't concussed.
Wow that looks like fucking matt skura 😂😂😂
Fuck The Titans!
That's on Henry
skura flashback intensifies
Lmao
well that is going to take them out of red zone I guess
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Sick play dude
WHAT HAPPENED I WASNT WATCHING
Not this time bitches. Get fucked
Romo with the Freudian slip and changes it up to Skurra'd
Go down and get another TD and twist the knife.
Time to get it O! FEED DOBBINS!
What happened I wasn’t watching
I think this game goes to show just how main coin flips went in Titans favour last year and when it evens out or leans Ravens how big of a difference it makes.
Run it down their fucking throats!! JK send the killlllll
"I really hope we win, for obvious reasons but also because that shit they pulled before the game will make the look so stupid"
Has Brown caught anything today?
"Jesus, our only receiver today is basically Mark Andrews."
Brown sucks
Proche out there
PROCHE SIGHTING
Bench Hollywood please
Romo was about to run downstairs and tell Roman to throw the ball to Dez.
Imagine your defense struggling so much you want Dean Pees back
PROCHE IS HERE. MASON 2.0
"Guys I’m not gonna lie, I find it so cringe when people say “foot on the throat” or “twist the knife”"
Goddamit
Butler mad as hell lmao
Wtf why did we call that?!??
What in the hell was that
Little too much sauce on that one
Wtf was that wobbler?
what the actual fuck.
98 tryna act tough lol okay
F
That’s on Duv.
Like why. Someone tell me why
We have no one that will win 1 on 1 battles. Duvernay practically fell on his ass
Wait was that on Lamar or did duvernay just give up on the route
The offense is back to using arm punts
Bruh why we throwing 50/50 balls to 5’11 guys so much come on lamar
What the fuck man. Its never easy with this offense.
Ah the fucking arm punt.
Nice punt Lamar learned from the best
Jesus just run the fucking ball
Fucking bare minimum help for lamar man
honestly that’s not even a terrible pass to me. duvernay didn’t find it or make a play on it
Dez has outsnapped Hollywood this game I think the FO and coaching staff agrees with us
WE ARE NOT THE CHIEFS STOP THROWING UNNECESSARY ASS DEEP THROWS. FUCK
If that was a top tier wide out it’s a huge play.  One on one coverage and the placement wasn’t even bad.  Dev was lost down the field.
All the great QBs have a guy then can sling it to downfield sometimes and just have them make a play
"that was a good throw im not mad at those calls, duv had to do better there"
"We were doing well, we could have just kept running it, but damn"
Derek Wolfe says no sir
Why do we always kill our own momentum!?
Not much you can do against that. Good throw good catch
"Offense just looks off. One play it’s a bad pass, another it’s a bad drop, another it’s a bad play call. A lot of inconsistency making drives very choppy."
That stat line is creepy
Ferguson getting owned on these play action plays
Henry fears Elliott
Judon's being held.
If Elliot played over Earl we might have won in the playoffs
Looks like the defense has decided to go home early
Not Wolfe
Please hold them here
Need some pass rush here
Thank whatever god y’all worship
Odd call imho
Offense has to step up right here. Make a statement dammit!!! Have some pride!
Feed JK
We need a vintage 8 minute td drive right here
I need the name and number of everybody in the nfl thread who was talking about Lamar being a backup in three years and how his MVP season was a fluke
"I don't hate the long pass call in itself, I hate that it was used on 1st down. I mean, at worst run twice before you throw that and then if you want to use it on 3rd down"
I didn't like that play call at all...
Feed dobbins
Big willie
SNEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD
WR1
"Snead, bester Mann."
"Pitch it and let the rb take the hit man, we can't afford to lose you"
Lol Holden was holdin
What the absolute fuck
LETS GO BOYS. WE GOT THIS. KEEP FIGHTING!
Refs once again fucking us over
DAMMIT ENOUGH WITH THE FLAGS
We’re going to get fucked by a shitty spot.... wow
Fucking false start. We have no discipline on those.
That was BS.  It should be 3rd and inches.
Jesus christ.
we cant even get a better spot?? Eat a dick
For fucks sake
He was WIDE OPEN.
Fucking overthrow
How the fuck does this shit keep happening?
Let’s fucking go
This passing game is fucking GARBAGE
This fucking team
we got screwed on that spot
DuH tHe SpOt Of ThE bAlL wAs ShOrT oF tHe LiNe tO gAiN
Peters beat again.
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING PETERS
Wide open. Peters got burned again
Just hold them to FG JFC
Peter's again just blowing coverage
Need a stop here wtf
What the hell is happening in the secondary
Peters getting spanked this half
Lol. Defense checked out
lmao what’s a tackle
WHAT THE HELL ARE Y'ALL DOING
Well this took a turn
MJ YES
Judon!?!?!??!!?
Okay Judon!! There’s that big play! 2 more.
Has Peters had any defended pass all game? Seems like whenever he's on screen it's a 20+ completion
Most fake tough team in the league it’s crazy
WHAT THE FUCK IS THE DEFENSE DOING???
JUDON DID A THING???
Cmon d
WTF WAS THAT
"Judon with a sack, almost forgot he was on the team other than when he commits a dumbass penalty"
ARE YOU FRIGGIN KIDDING ME!????
wow can’t even make a tackle
Literally just let him walk it in
#GOD DAMMIT NOOOO WE CAN'T LOSE TO THEM AGAIN
Fucking trash fucking tackling holy fucking shit
this is fucking sad bro
That was comically horrible..
"That’s all, folks

That’s why I don’t talk shit"
"We don't want to win, plain and simple."
Spineless fucking team
Can’t wait till we blow this game then fuckers on this sub say we don’t have a right to be disappointed or we are still an elite team.
Fucking tackle!!!
SOFT
Queen is way too inconsistent
Ok lamar perfect opportunity to prove the haters wrong.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!!!!!
This defense is fucking soft
The defense just quit.
We just got BITCH SLAPPED WTF
Trash ass soft defense wtf
You have got to be FUCKING kidding
"No Romo, it means the play clock hit 0."
Gonna go 4 and out
4 people can’t bring him down are you fucking kidding me
That's fucking embarrassing
Make a tackle 4 players couldnt stop HOW!!!!
Absolute trash. They had him dead to rights.
Catch me killing myself tonight boys
WHERE THE HELL IS THE HEART THAT WE HAD EARLIER
Pathetic
MAKE A GOD DAMN TACKLE YOU SOFT FUCKS
well... cant blame judon. he didnt blow 4 straight tackles
Lmao this shits just funny at this point. Like a dark comedy
Got to play harder than this... Anybody thought Judon should've hit Tannehill much harder than this? It could've been at least been a fumble.
Snuggly soft smh
PcPhee took the bait so hard jesus
That was embarrassing and we should be ashamed.
Fucking meltdown
The only explanation I can come up with for the TD play is that the Ravens were trying to lose.
[deleted]
Judon was in another universe in that play
Bruh Patrick Queen making bad decisions ALL DAY
Finding new ways to lose. So disappointed in this team.
My joke about both browns dropping everything is now no longer funny :(
"Unfuckingreal. But also, not unreal. What the fuck is this year??"
So typical man shouldn't even come to this
Fucking so disgusted
Yo snead dont scare me
"The tackling in this defense is so beyond atrocious. It’s unfathomable. That was the easiest drive the Titans will see all season, and it was with the game on the line. Pathetic."
This season should be a fucking wake up call for next year.  These guys thought it was going to be easy after last year
14 unanswered points. We haven’t even gotten into FG range since our last score
Lol we got that off too
Time to see what this team is made of
That bobble 😳
Can't say I'm very optimistic but we'll see
GAME WINNING TWO MINUTE DRILL
"Can we just get the FG here? I mean, that really shouldn't be that difficult of a thing to do. If we don't, then we REALLY need to ramp up construction of the heliocentric orbit insertion device."
This drive is going to define Lamar. I believe he’s going to lead us for the win
The thing that's been killing us is penalties on both sides of the ball. That is coaching.
Play for a td not fg please
Andrews strong af. Way to get OOB
We should just run it here and get into fg range
GO LAMAR
Mandrews on display
"Use the fucking plays we had last year. Be smart. 

But knowing roman he'll do something stupid"
LJ looking nice this drive
DEZ
"Ok, just don't give it away."
False start lol love to see it
Forget the FG I want that W
Marquise was finally about to do something
DEZ
gimme a dez game winner
These false starts man.
DEZ XXXXXX
Mekari snaps it when nobody expects it fucking hell.
Another 100 yards in penalties week
That would have been a td
name a better combo: our center and trying to throw drives
How did we ever start Fluker over Holden at right tackle
Center messing us up again? Seems familiar :|
"That would've been a TD, fuck."
Fuck the refs
Touchdown to Hollywood LFG
Don't give them the ball back
Draw to jk then spike
Why is he snapping it?
Please just win it
Let's get this dub boys
OT smdh
run it to dobbins please
He had a chance with Dez and Snead.
All that time and NOBODY can get open SMFH
I kinda wish they had a surprise run play in there with a timeout still remaining but oh well
"I didn't want to go to OT... but guess that's where we're headed.

Finish this one out the right way guys."
Can the Ravens please get some fucking weapons. Goddamn
"Overtime baby

Anyone else having chest pains?"
"Tucker is so good, I wasnt even worried aubout that kick"
Pleaaaaase don't fuck up this drive
Was that not a penalty for the guy who jumped over the center
Beautiful drive too bad tho
Let’s get this win in OT
"We have done better than I thought, least there’s that."
"""I'm punting on first down""  LOL Romo is hilarious"
"&#x200B;

Overtime!!!"
Romo with his Tucker love showing
Please give us the ball.
"WE GOT THE BALLLLLLLL,"
"It’s your time, Lamar."
"""we want the ball."""
BIG TRUZZZZZ
"I BELEE GOD DAMMIT LAMAR LETS GO MAN, FUCK"
"All the crazy games vs the Titans and this is really the first OT game, huh? Wow."
"Come guys, let's bring it home"
Give us a solid drive for 6 lamar come on bro
TAILS NEVER FAILS
I just hope our boys are having fun :(
HERE COMES THE 90 YARD DOBBINS RUN TD
Let’s go Lamar they can’t stop your shine.
Pls lamar
DOBBINS. Use the man
Just what we need before a short week...
RUN THE FUCKING BALL WHY ARE YOU TRYING THIS FANCY NONSENSE
I HATE THIS OFFENSE LOL
The fuck was that?
"needed to bounce out to the right, slipped and sacked lmao"
OMG
"A... screen?

Am I in real life?"
Oline play collapses with a chance to win the game and in OT. Baaaaaaad timing.
Fuck man. Thats a fucking joke. Throw the fucking ball away man
They really don’t trust Lamar man fuck
Well what did we expect? 3 and out
hmm guess 6-4 doesn't sound so bad
That was a quick OT.
Fire Greg Roman
"It’s OK, I didn’t really wanna win anyway"
reminder that we would have won if the refs didn't invent a RTP on Pernell
Roman what the fuck
That was depressing
Love when they talk about the nervousness around how far we can punt it and Koch is like beeeach
Why didn't we use that screen on 2nd 😡
Well that was uninspiring
"Feels like a lack of heart. Win or lose, we got mentally beat"
Went out with a fart
I have absolutely zero faith in this team except for Justin Tucker.
"lol going to lose to gostowski of all kickers. Great drive their, defense is tired from last drive, we run for 2, slip/sack and checkdown. Dont worry Henry wasnt killing us in the 4th"
Haha imagine that they get a first down easily
Our secondary has been absolute shit for who we have out there.
Peters or Humph show the fuck up please
"""gg people"", just leave the thread, enjoy your sunday"
"Short run

Sack

Screen

Punt
 
I don't know what I expected"
Small Truss
Corners have been terrible last 1.5 quarters
This team just doesn't have it this year for whatever reason.
Man just imagine if we had an o-line and could tackle
Had him five fucking yards deep
"Get these kinds on the practice field doing OKH drills till they learn to tackle, my god"
Long FG range already.
Wide fucking open. Its over
We going into 3rd. 3rd!!!! That’s what this team is
"No coverage, no tackling..."
Oh wow Marcus Peters can tackle?
We had this game too man. We fucking had it.
The titans have a banged up line and are slicing up our all pro corners. No reason the Ravens coudnt have done this against their weak ass defense playing 10 yards off
"Another injury? May as well.

Fuck this year."
We peaked this time last year.
We’re not winning anything this season. Don’t get your hopes up. The defense is injured and soft and the offense is hit or miss with crappy o-line play. Rebuild this offseason
This team is defeated
that’s it
Yup that's game
Brown is open every fucking time
We are fucking frauds
Thats game. What a bullshit team.
Why are the DBs playing so soft?!
Really do love the taste of swiss cheese.
"Well, bye"
Shit ass  team
I can probably tackle better than this team
Lmao
Defense let them walk all over them
In come the fucking memes. Jesus that hurts
"Pathetic. Just pathetic. Not Ravens football. 

Gotta be some changes after this loss. The WAY we lost, plus 2 in a row... something has to change. We have zero killer instinct and discipline"
#FUCK GREG ROMAN
Football sucks. Goodnight.
Pain.
Time something happens with this team. Change needs to be made. Because this team is an embarrassment.
"All Romo said since the second half started is “they’re selling out on the run to stop Henry”

What the fuck was that then? How did the defense get absolutely mauled since the 4th Q?

And the penalties holy shit I can’t take the penalties"
The crowd is still more lively than madden 21
PI not even looking at the ball
Romo is terrible I’ve been saying this
I think no preseason is really hurting Lamar and his throwing ability
Time for Lamar to prove he has the stones to complete a 2 minute drill comeback against a good team. Put up or shut up time
"Byard never gets his head around, how is that not dpi?"
The fact there is a chance the Browns could take second place today makes me feel yikes.
Nice starting the game with a 3-and-out and a penalty -_-
Without the turnovers this D really is garbage
"Thats PI, thats screening"
This is what Queen should have done in the endzone
It is so infuriating watching is play teams with defenses that actually defend passes. Meanwhile we allow 60YAC
I was harsh on roman but our players really cant execute and theirs can
"This team was built based on fan reception and it shows. We went for flashy bullshit and have 0 depth or players than can make a statement, and the ones we do we don't use."
Queen jumping the wrong gaps every time
Because dancing will make me want to buy GAP clothes
#This is gonna be another long day if we dont score during this drive
I have officially turned on Hollywood Brown. Not worth a 1st round pick. Wack.
"Run, Run, Run, Run, Run, overthrow WR by 15 yards, Run, run, run, Pass completion to Mark Andrews. Man this playbook is sick."
One of our players needs to spit in Simmons face before the game ends
Friendly reminder that the Titans were hoes and almost sank the entire NFL by not following covid protocols earlier in the season
why take the timeouts if you’re just gonna run it out?
Wait a minute... is this some sort of offense? Sorry but those aren’t allowed!
Elliot laid the WOOD
This motherfucker missed everything against the steelers
Let’s trade Hollywood.
Arm punt on first down. Interesting play call.
If Lamar could throw the deep ball before the WR is at the top of their route that'd be greeeeaaattt
Awful play call. Absolutely no reason to make such a risky play.
"Just run the ball, control the clock, grind out 1st downs.

NAH I'm gonna throw a fucking bomb to my undersized 4th round WR WOOPS"
Humphrey is having some trouble today..
Time for pass plays here since Roman is an idiot
Holy shit we're going to blow this game I can't believe it
"Ryan ""Lamar Jackson"" Tannehil"
Defense is crumbling but this is on the offense. They've mostly contained Henry for the majority of the game. Offense has squandered away their opportunities to put it away.
we lost. I am a Lamar stan but I have no faith in him + Roman bringing us back.
"Choked the Steelers game away, choked this game away. Team full of chokers."
Lamar prove what you can do. This fucking drive. Right here.
They (the Titans and their fans) are going to clown us hard after this one and we deserve it.
Would've liked a to see a 50/50 ball to Dez there.
it would be awesome if we could draft some defenders that had arms next year!
GG
Why did we give Marlon 100 mil to be mediocre hes been picked on all game
Fuck this team. No consistency whatsoever.
lamar had a pretty good game
"how can you people with optimism STILL look at this team as good bruh

it's ridiculous"
This team is a fucking joke. This was supposed to be our biggest statement game of the year and we fucking blew it.
I’m not watching on Thanksgiving. I’m not trying to have my holiday ruined.
Not inference on Byard? Can you run into a guy like that?
Anyone else think Romo is actually kind of a garbage announcer?
Fg ain't getting done unless we can get some stops.
Prayin for Henry nonetheless
"Anyone who thinks that INT was Lamar's fault should go seek out the replay on [NFL.com](https://NFL.com) or ESPN, Duvernay fucked up badly, he didn't locate the ball in the air and jumped for it way too early.  He looked like Raheem Moore out there.  Inexcusable.  Good receivers catch that ball with that exact positioning of themselves, the defender, and the ball, 9 out of 10 times, and break up any chance of an INT the other 1 time.  That was a complete disaster from the receiver that that somehow wound up an INT instead."
"At some point, doesn’t have to be today, or even this season, but Lamar needs to be able to take a game over with his Arm"
Just let them score here
We deserve the loss now. This team needs to sit and rethink what they are doing this season.
#The Browns will make the playoffs but not us. 2020 is a trip man
Ready to fucking die inside 🥰
Here come the soulja posts...
That's one of those plays where we give up but can't connect on
I hope they give that will Holden guy a shot next series... fluker can’t block anyone
Hollywood Brown is a #2 at best. We know this. Put Dez in.
Please don’t get blown out boys do it for Yanda
Are we going to have a Hayden Hurst-Mark Andrews situation with Queen-Harrison now?
defense is the only reason we are 6-3
"Fucking trash vision by Lamar and even worse red zone  play calling scheme. 

This is a god damn waste."
Is this a battle of who sucks the least today? I mean not a whole lot of excitement lol. You can blame that on our play calling though
CUTE PLAY CALL BUT WE'LL TAKE IT
I can literally feel the Harbs fury from the suburbs of Baltimore
yeah titans offense not doing shit  but we keep bailing them out wtf
Failing to stop that fourth down play fucked us here
We could be throwing the ball downfield..... Greg Roman Wtf
I wish they wouldn't show injury replays tbh
I’m actually surprised that we’re winning....Need offense to put this game away
The fact that Cam probably really picked out that guys outfit for that commercial is disturbing lol
Shotout to all the people in this sub last week saying this team was done and was going to get steamrolled by the Titans 😂😂😂😂
SIT YOUR BITCH ASS DOWN HENRY
What was Peters doing?
Peters has never been a good cover guy.  He gives a couple of those plays up every game.
Man Titans looking like the ravens. Dropped passes and injuries. I’m so glad it’s not us.
Jesus that was a gross pass
Bad call but Duv didn’t really fight very hard for it
"Listen, even if Greg Roman called that, it's upto Lamar to either make that throw or don't do it. Greg is controlling his arm."
If it isn’t there don’t throw it
Why did duvernay tackle better than peters tho
4th quarter? Time to choke the game away!
Why we're not going to Snead more is beyond me
Cmon Lamar you have to make that throw man
I had a feeling we’d lose this game coming in. Then I see this team showing some life but then the they just choke it away.
just let them score...need to score again to win  anyway
"So. Mentally. Weak.

We're obviously still in it but this effort sucks."
Haha we're garbage defense
Even if it goes 24-24 I don’t trust this defense in OT rn
#The Browns will have a better record than us lmao
expect 3 overthrows in a row and done.
How can we be this bad
refs missed the delay of game
"Zero chance our O takes it, even for the tie. Zero hope in Roman."
What a play call by Tennessee.
I am pretty much done this year. This team is going nowhere fast
How am I going to make it thru 2020 if I can’t even enjoy my football anymore?!
"This team has got a reputation for being mental midgets and after defending them for so long, I'm done after today if they lose."
I thought the no call on what should have been delay of game was bad; the tackling on the play was even worse
This defense literally imploded. Holy fuck lol. What a meltdown.
Come on Lamar I have faith
"Blame of the game my ass, we got this"
My life just flashed in front of me
JESUS CHRIST WHY CANT WE FUCKING RUN THE BALL
How do you not throw it to dez there
our passing plays are bad man
I fucking hate roman
There’s the tuck tail bitch made shit I’ve come to expect from these pussies
We have already lost
This team has earned that 3rd place in the division. No fucking heart top to bottom
"Honestly... if we even MAKE to the playoffs, which isn’t looking good, we’re going to get creamed in the first round #UnpopularOpinion"
Welp. Time to go back to tuning football out of my life. At least I’ll be more productive.
Our offense and defense are both complete trash right now
This team is soft as baby shit.
titans won't do jack in the playoffs as usual anyway
Defense literally quit
"Can't wait for the loyalty police to slam me as a ""doomer"" for acknowledging we're not making the super bowl this year

You idiots know who you are."
Maybe we can be bad enough to draft ja’marr chase.
Upvote for all those who believe in our Ravens.
That should be PI. Defender wasnt playing the ball
1st and 22 let's run it.
"This is all coaching. Don't do a dumb ass challenge with little to gain. Run it up the middle with gus on third and 1. What was there to gain on the challenge? You lost a time out in a close game. 

Look how their offense kills us with a banged up line. 
They run it well and playaction to wide open players.  No excuse for our offense.  We have the advantage of teams devoting resources to lamar"
3 yards of endzone behind him. Throw was short and could've been the difference between a TD and giving a beaten DB seconds to recover with the ball mid air.
Good drive. Oline still an issue. Receiving still an issue.
WHAT ARE THESE RETARDED MOTIONS
I’m good with the Powers hit.  At least he’s busting his as to make a block at the next level
"Clipping definition: In gridiron football, clipping is the act of a ""throwing the body across the back of the leg of an eligible receiver or charging or falling into the back of an opponent below the waist after approaching him from behind, provided the opponent is not a runner.""....i dont think that was clipping at all"
Lamar’s regression as a passer is so fucking disappointing
Marcus peters looks like a bum 50 percent of plays haha
"I am done with Greg Roman!  We need to protect the ball, move the chains and eat clock.  WTF!"
How do you fucking let them convert. I wish our safeties knew how to fucking break passes up
Fuck this team
Fucking sorry ass team
This Thanksgiving game might be the first Ravens Steelers game I ever pass on. I'm not letting this shit ruin my Thanksgiving. Fuck whoever scheduled this shit on Thanksgiving. We aren't winning.
Idk what to expect today
Okay this cbs who's in whos out is the dumbest shit I've ever seen
Do we start with a spread run n shoot offense?
On these hoes thy shall stunt
Let’s get it y’all. I don’t like our odds with the injuries but if Jackson plays well and we keep the ball away from Henry I think we got a chance. Gonna come down to time possession.
First im hearing Skura got replaced.
Holy shit the AFC is competitive. I’m actually happy 1 more team gets a shot in the playoffs from a neutral standpoint.
The game isn’t even on in MoCo it’s Washington and Eagles/Browns WTF
Willie Snead vs AJ Brown what a matchup
I’m struggling to see how this game goes well. Any given Sunday. We stand as much chance of winning as they do. But it’s going to be a frustrating game.
"Got a lot of key people out and a new center.  Let's see if this team can spin gold out of straw.  Between Harbaugh and Jackson, I think they're going to Rumpelstiltskin this mofo."
Thank God they showed that overdose commercial back to back I was able to get some and save my neighbor in 30 seconds
"If Justin Ellis plays as lazy as he played last week, Derrick Henry is setting a record or something."
LETS GOOOOO
Big truss
Bold prediction: we hold Henry to under 200 yards rushing today
Truss UP BOYS!
Oh fuck the titans.
Time to put up or shut up. New O-Line and Lamar led the pregame hype huddle. Lets GO
Washed all of my lucky ravens gear after last week so we should be set
What happened at midfield? The Titans just took over our logo?
Your place is at the one yard line bitches
They disrespected the shield.. it's fucking on.
Come on Ravens!
gus is starting at RB today
Ironic coming from the most nondescript team in the NFL
Lol I love Harbaugh
Butler talks too much :(
Fucking flag
Dez Bryant!!!!    **😍😍**
Smh
I don't have stats to back me up but the Ravens never do well when they get the opening kickoff.
Lol we started fluker
Weird but i think thats the first time i’ve ever seen a ref with facial hair
Solid 3 yards
Good start....
Here we go with the bs
One of those games haha
Are you fucking kidding me.
here we go with the fucking penalties. Tired of this mess
Yay!   More penalties.   Again
I am already crabby
I almost can’t be bothered. Already I just can’t deal with this again.
Pass rush is atrocious
Refball AGAIN. God damn fuck the nfl
Imagine having more than 2 seconds to pass in the pocket lol
That alone is a reason to take more deep shots.
Look at Marlon man
i hate penalties
An aggressive call on first down?!?? What sport are the Titans playing?
Great job!  Wink is going to blitz to stop the run.  Pretty good idea
Humphrey looked big mad
"When you can't get sacks, this happens."
Humphery tackling Henry like that is actually really fucking difficult
No hold on 49? 🤔
trash D right there
"Nice takle Elliot, fucking jesus"
"So many holds on us and they aren’t being called. Fuck it, we got to sell the holds more"
Get that Xbox Elliott
"Once again it seems like some teams are allowed to have the receivera engage in blocks before the ball is in the air, and for other teams that's called OPI"
I. I just don't. I don't understand how this defense is also as predictable as our offensive play calling.
Last in red zone TD%. Yikes
"Going after Queen, what's new."
Really not feeling good about this game.
This team isn't even fucking competitive right now. Everything on this team besides Tucker and the secondary is not good enough right now.
Did anyone else watch the highlights of the playoff game in 2001 where Ray Lewis stripped Eddie George? I miss that kind of defense
Ya’ll act like we aren’t missing half our defense and playing probably the best RB in the league.
Jonnu Smith has the most TEs out of all TEs
teams drive down the field so casually on our defense all the time
Offense has to carry today.
They flexed on us
"We don't run bend but dont break defense anymore, we run break but don't bend. 

Seriously it seems like every drive is either a 3 and out or TD"
LJ Fort is not so great in coverage is he?
Defense getting picked apart again
Alright offense it’s your time
Massive Yikes
That was a very soft defensive series
Why do we always fall for the late releases
fucking pathetic
That was a clinic. Fuck man
I’d pay money to mute Romo
Not ideal
So far we have a drop to go 3 and out and a huge penalty to let them cruise down the field for 6. I k ow we are hurt but man can we just wake up a little
Is it January again?
Pain
Another one of those days...this team is soo disappointing.
God damn the defense is bad
I remember being super happy for the Yannick trade and thinking it was gonna make our pass rush elite. Boy was I wrong and wish we had those draft picks back. I cant say I've heard his name called one single time since the trade. Swing and a miss there.
"Look at that nice TE rollout. I wish Greg Roman could scheme this shit.

The mix of runs with bootleg and intermediate out routes to TEs and Slot WRs are so nice to see. Titans do what the ravens should so but roman is incapable of it"
Crazy how much the defense is dependent on Calais playing
I’d like to see a turnover for us
so what did I miss so far?
Get Duvernay out there and spread TEN out. Change something up fuck
"What a play, wow. Ugh."
Lamar needs to run the flying fuck out of the ball.
Can we get the refs to start tossing players assaulting players out of the game?
Coaching needs to tighten up lets go!
"Pacing. Let’s turn it on, Roman.. ya quack. You saw it in the second half of the Colts game and it worked!"
Ingram doesnt have it anymore. I love him but please feed gus and Dobbbins.
Come on soldier
Terrible
Hollywood gets no more fucking targets.  Fuck him
Fuck marquise
Soulja...
Oh look souljah dropping another first down catch
Souljas don't drop balls
Jesus Hollywood
lol
"Wow Brown, really? Omfg????"
Fucking middle school sized hands
2 drops already wtf
Lol these 2 lines are getting punked I understand there’s a lot of injuries but I’ve never seen 300 pounders go backwards as far in my life.
Holy shit trade some crab cakes for Julio Jones pls
“Soulja”
Our o line is so ass we had to start our benched center lmao
What the hell brown
YEAH SOULJA FOR SURE!!!!!
Mark Andrews makes it happen every time  👍
Soulja down
Hollywood lmao
GET INGRAM OUT OF THE GAME
STOP. RUNNING. INGRAM
Ingram sucks coaching has been so ass keeping his snap count up
Get brown off the fucking field.
Ingram sucks this year
Take ingram out. Feed Gus and Dobbins wtf
Where the fuck you at Brown? What a dumb fucking drop.
Mark > Marq
hollywood rlly dropped that
Hollywood should've kept his mouth shut smh
Maybe spend less time tweeting and more time working on your game
Look at that burst by Dobbins  ingram is done no point in using him
Andrews and Lamar the only ballers on this offense. We need to draft a receiver because Brown is suspect.
When was the last time Ingram had a 10 yard run?
stop giving the ball to fucking ingram and hollywood jesus christ
"To whoever It was I said I thought brown was a better receiver than Snead, I think I might have been wrong on that one."
Dobbins time
"Take Ingram out, it needs to be the Dobbins and Edwards show now."
Omg we actually got a call in our favor
Dobbins fast
Flucker is god awful. Is Bredson or anyone else that bad???
smh
Good offensive drive. We need the D to step up
Fluker is too slow
The Titans Center missed every practice this week yet still played? I don't think I've seen that before.
Frustrating af
i understand he wasnt the RT but i miss yanda
why cant long snappers be centers? like would morgan cox suck at being a center
Ok d we gotta come through
much better drive than the first. still not what we need
We need more than 3 next time
"I can’t believe a 5’9, 170 pounder is struggling in the NFL!! shocking!!"
Hill might have to beef up and play some slot
WRAP UP PETERS. FUCK
Are they gonna mention the playoff game after every goddamn commercial break?
Lmao this defense ain’t stopping this run game
It begins
God damn what a hit
The Titans are going to use Henry so much his career is going to be real short lol
Please ravens. Let's get the win
Middle of this defense needs some beef
Queen buddy....
"I know it’s early, but we really need the D to find a way to keep them out of the end zone on this series"
Cmon D
"Every offensive position on our team rn is hot garbage except those with ""back"" in the name"
I like to see it!
Perfect defensive play
"I'm sorry ~~Mario~~ Ryan, but your first down is in another castle."
Thats what I’m fucking talking bout
LFG LFG LFG!
FUCK YEAH!
we needed that so badly!
Fucking beautiful
who said bowser was ass🥱
So is Harrison are staring Lb now
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Absolutely beautiful
ROCK HIS ASS
LITTLE BOY TANNEHILL
Great pressure from Queen!!!!
Bowser has been plying well
[deleted]
LETS GOOO DEFENSE
that's game
"Did anyone else hear Tony Romo call Patrick Queen ""McQueen"""
DONT SLANDER MY QUEEN
You just got Queened!!
OFFENSE HAS TO CAPITALIZE CMON NEED A TD
Yall need to chill tf out. We are still the fucking Ravens. Since when did we get uncomfortable being the underdogs?
I expect to see a lot of Patrick McQueen memes tomorrow if we win this game!
KILLA QUEEN
"Bowser with the INT, cuz that hit was from Queen, not a Princess."
"I don’t think Queen sucks by any means.  But, one play doesn’t suddenly make him great either.  He’s a rookie just needs a little work in some areas."
NOT A DARK LORD BUT A QUEEEEENNNN! TERRIBLE AS THE DAWN
LET'S GET THE SCORE. LETS GOOOOO
Now if only Bowser or Ferguson could keep that high level of play for a whole game and be consistent....
Can we make a difficult catch please
Hollywood needs to make catches like those
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!!!!
why was that subway commercial funny
Dobbins OP
Keep Dobbins in. Ingram can get minimal touches.
"Seriously keep JK in

Ingram should be his relief and Gus the pounder in quarters 3-4"
Feed Dobby
This is why ingram sits
It's dobbins day don't take him out
Feed JK!!!
Why why why why is Boykin in there? Give Dez his chance man.
Feed Dobbins
Dobbins a beast. Keep him in
Our receivers are bottom 10 in the league at getting open
"I feel like we’re coming down and linemen. You suck, you get pulled."
FEED DOBBINS
Dobbins is objectively far better than Ingram at this point in his career. There’s no reason he shouldn’t be getting at least 50+% of the carries. He’s phenomenal.
Why are they taking dobbins out?
Why TF does Bowser look like a better receiver than our actual receivers...lol
No hate but if thats Ingram thats a 2 yard loss
Dobbins is money.
Jesus fucking Christ
What the fuck was that?
Why we do start Fluker and than take him out lol
Well... At least that was first down
I'm ready for Dobbins to take half the carries and then when they're tired from chasing him you put in Gus to destroy them and Ingram for a spell or goalline.
Dobbins >>>>> Ingram and Edwards
That’s actually pathetic on Roman
"dammit Gus, you gotta focus"
That's the fire we need jk thank you
What was Edwards thinking there?
"Dobbins is so good, Ingram should not be on the field much today"
KEEP DOBBINS IN HOLY SHIT
Might be the worst play call all day.
I swear to god I am seeing Ray Rice in that uniform
Greg Roman. That’s it. Sheesh
Holden gonna be the new starter
If I ever see Ingram in for Dobbins again I might have a stroke. Feed that man!!
"1 step forward, 2 steps back. This offence. And why take out dobbins? That’s the coaching decisions I can’t stand."
Can NOBODY get open? Every throw is into tight ass windows
Gus Edwards never needs to run a. Jet sweep but wtf
WHAT THE FUCK ROMAN
Simple shit working so it’s time to complicate things to the point where we beat ourselves
"Ngl Ravens lack discipline, we gotta know these plays instead of relying solely on innate talent. They lack the edge that made them good last year"
So much unnecessary motion
Edwards blew that play
Offensive line lol
I really never want to see an empty backfield in the redzone again.
How the fuck is this happening this shit needs to be ironed out in practice wtf
We’re so pathetic
"This committee is fucking idiotic, among many other things with this offense"
I’m done.
What a poor 1st and goal drive. What are these guys thinking?
So many miscommunications on offense this year. Fuck Greg Roman
How about just running the ball more.
This is hard to watch
All it takes is 1 out of 11 to make a mistake on a given play...
It’s so stunning the hot trash our O has turned into in 1 year.
Bad
this is so bad. so fucking bad. it's all coaching
[https://i.redd.it/djhykqgs6u061.png](https://i.redd.it/djhykqgs6u061.png)
Wtf is this red zone play holy shit
Every single offensive lineman was immediately stepping backwards after the snap
lmao fucking jackson shitting the bed again
Yikes guys. We just aren’t moving the ball.
Can't these announcers shut up? Stop trying to jinx Tucker.
First round pick is definitely going to a lineman next year
How many times have we been disappointed with the offense in the Harbaugh era?
Too many points left on the board. Hopefully doesn’t come back to hurt them like it did against Pats
Just a brutal waste of a turnover there. Come on
Why do we always abandon what's working once we hit the red zone?
That jet sweep fuckup killed all of our momentum. I love this offense but when 1st down doesn’t go for positive yardage our line/receivers arent good enough for drop back passing
Put Justice Hill on Defense I wanna see something
This offence is painful to watch.
Hill is having a nice day on specials
Justice Hill is fucking killing it on ST
This O Line breaks down withing .2 seconds man.
Justice Hill MVP
who do we have to sacrifice to the football gods to be able to develop and use wr's right
If Lamar can't through outside why even line up a receiver out there? Just throw in an extra tackle a be done with it
Lamar missing open WRs because he knows they just gonna drop the ball lol
Hill making some great tackles on kickoffs out there today
Defense has been decent offense keeps missing opprotunitys left and right
Our creative blitzing is confusing the hell out of there OL.  The coverage just needs to hold up better.
Man the Titans act like they hate us
We need a td and take advantage of these opportunities
Tucker game
please lord give Dobbins the ball
Lol @ all these scuffles.
Let’s get Dobbins going and maybe call play action or some passing concept more than +10 yards so these DBs don’t all play 3yds off the line of scrimmage.
For those calling for Romans head if he were to be fired it’d be after the thanksgiving game. I think the 4 day turnaround is too short for a new OC
Give me a TD or give me death
JKs vision is ridiculous
Okay we definitely need to be playing Dobbins more. I don't think there's any doubt.
Dobbins kinda having a breakout game in a crucial match up.
#Stick with DOBBINS you coward
"Jk getting too hype, greg needs to take him off the field"
If we come up empty in the fucking endzone again. Especially with dobbins running like he is.
YES DO THE FEED ME DOBBINS. FUCKING TELL ROMAN
Dobbins is a fucking monster
KING DOBBINS.
EAT DOBBINS EAT
Dude this mans is a fucking tank and a cheetah. Jesus Christ
Dobbins is like Ingram was last year holy crap lol
Feed JK! Let that man eat!
Jk!!!
"How the fuck you pull Dobbins in the redzone, has he had a run for less than 5 yet?"
Did Lamar just get titty slapped?
We have 19 pass yards good lord
Good play by Peters too
Dobbins is hype AF. Feed him that ball.
Keep feeding Dobbins
Clean pocket finally.
Lamar gotta hit that he was open
Needed to be a second earlier
Just one deep pass. Just one. Jesus.
Lamar having a bad game.
Good pass. Great pass actually. Brown is fucking tiny though. Hes not getting that regardless of whos throwing it
Dez would catch that TD...
That was a good playcall by Roman.
And offense is stalling again
Ok everyone wanted Lamar to throw deep and he did.
"Trying to catch that on the chest again, Idk man"
Our O-line is literal cancer. Complete drive killers
[deleted]
Our O line is an absolute joke.
If brown wasn’t 5’9 man
Brown looks like my 15yr  old brother
Dez wide fucking open on first
"How the fuck do they jump up without looking and manage to hit the ball that's 2 for 2. 

/#1 WR make that catch 9/10 times."
MARK ANDREWS HOLY SHIT YESSSSSS
Need to put Dez in Brown's place. IMO.
Andrews catching the ball today
I’ve totally forgotten about Andrews. Glad he’s actually showing up today.
Thats the ravens offense I want!
Was it holden or false start?
Mark Andrews is the only reliable receiver we have today
"You gotta throw that sooner, he smoked his ass"
Mark Andrews is so clutch in third down!
These are 2 TDs Lamar missed.
Why don't we use Dez ever
At this rate Dobbins will have 100 before halftime
JK Henry!
Our next Agent 89
I think Lamar may have the most extreme strengths and weaknesses I’ve ever seen. He’s like the nfl version of Dennis Rodman.
TD here will change this game.
Hey thanks for the push idiot lol
🗣 PUT DUVERNAY AND DEZ IN MORE🗣
Lol they pushed him in
The tackle gave us the TD on that play lol
Project Pat
holy shit we might actually win this
Down at the 1
Lol not even close
Ricard got his food that time.
BIG PAT!!
Thanos meme: Dobbins and mark on Thanos face “fine I’ll do it myself”
"I ALWAYS GET HYPED FOR FB TDS FOR SOME REASON

Edit: Shit"
That's coming back but hey it'll be 1st and goal at the 1
Seems as if we’ve woken up
GUS ME
Throw it to Andrews.
Just put lamar up the middle under center
Lamar playing well today and we're moving the ball. Give the rock to DOBBINS!!
Vrabel isn’t scared to cut his dick off cause he doesn’t have anything to lose
I like Dobbins too but this play is for Gus Edwards. Just a run straight down the middle
Pat hit that man like he stole his DoorDash
This game more than any shows that we need to give the rock majority to DOBBINS
"Don't fucking throw! Put Ricard or extra OL in and run it up the gut.

Of you do anything do a PA out to a TE and run everyone else up the gut"
Run it in! Don't get cute Roman
Andrews is so dependable!
"&#x200B;

S'Okay...We still got the Touchdown"
I agree with the call
Let’s go JK
feed JK
Nice.
Lets fucking go
Nice keeping Dobbins in the redzone this time.
How tf is that not a first
Why do I think that roman is surprised this worked?
DOBBINS!!!!
Luke Willson getting juiced for both the Pat TD call and JK's TD makes me so happy
Get in there bitch
Another review smh
JK deserves that one anyway
RAY RICE BABY
I literally love dobbins
What's under review? Can't y'all just give us out damn TD and let's move on?
So talented.
GOT THE 2!!
That was a nasty play
Yeah baby
"Fuck it, just put Dobbins at every offensive position 

11 dobbins playing on the field is what we need"
And love seeing Ingram dancing with Dobbins on the sidelines
RAY.K. DOBBINS EATIN FUCK OUT THE WAY
Anyone got a link?
"Well, that’s why I’m not Habs"
This is what it must've felt like to watch michael jordan...
This will go down as the “Dobbins” game
Damn Greg Roman is killing it with Dobbins.
Fuck yesssss
JK ALL DAY
Hayden Who?
Yeah we have a RB1 now
Can someone make a Big Boi Little Boi meme with Dobbins and Henry?
Calling it now. Player of the Game is Dobby!
He does it all!!!! WR #1!!!
Give dobbins an actual oline and he's gonna be putting up dalvin cook type numbers in a few years
Well that was a legitimately great 2pt playcall!
Props to Roman for that play call. Feed Dobbins!
A Titans player musta dissed Dobbins mother
Fucking LOVE seeing dez getting so hype and being so supportive so far
That looked like a train wreck at high collision wow!
Anyone else notice how Tucker purposely pooches all his kickoffs to the sideline and lands them at about the 5? This time they got to the 25 but it seems to work out more than it doesn’t
Dobbins might have the best balance in the league
Titans Kick returner trying to commit suicide today
Horrible play by ferguson
"Won't be able to watch the game cause I'm cramming some shit for uni, but it's good to see the ravens leading! 

Also Tuck still automatic I see."
"Man this sub has really changed it’s tune. I also don’t like Roman but man we gotta stay optimistic. We have LAMAR JACKON, we always are in the game. Big truss"
That returner gonna be hurting tomorrow.
Bruh helmet is off fml
Fuuuuuuck not Queen
Our defense needs to not get cocky now and still go for blood with Henry.
Fuck that looked like it hurt
Damn Queen got straight kicked in the face
Okay it's just a bloody nose hell be okay
Force them into mistakes.  Right on
Wouldn’t be a big Ravens game unless one of our key players got injured (this one seems ok though)
 Not been a great game for Marlon “drop the s” Humphrys so far.
Tanny has missed two key throws for us already.
Pressure is getting to Tanny. Good. Keep him out of rhythm.
rYaN TaNneHil iS a WR
"Hump getting lucky a lot today, seems to be out of position a lot"
"Any Curb Your Enthusiasm fans here? “Tracy had something to do with the neck injury?” made me think of, “There’s only two ways you can injure your neck.”"
Yo FUCK Derrick Henry. He just straight up cleated my boy Pat Queen in the fucking face dawg. Let's knock this clown around.
Ngaukoue pressure there
No one gonna talk about how that man has 7 tackles and it isn’t halftime?
Dude was wide open
Fuck
Still no sack but Yannick made him throw it
I just called that to my gf
Is queen ok
Man we got lucky there
YOOOO WTF
Why are they so open every time
Outcoached badly
Romo is so good at explaining things that I would’ve never understood. Makes me respect how good our players are too.
Yannick disruptive
Fuck us
Doo doo throw by RT
That stings
Good pressure Yannick
I just want to see Henry get stripped of the ball
Fucking jacksonville sucking ass
I smell a Fruit Punch coming 👊🏻
Killer after great stop by D
on a fucking fake
That was a perfect throw though lmao
LJ FORT IS THAT GUY
LJ Fort with the big play! Pass coverage has been tight
"After all the fake punts we had, I can live with the taste of our own medicine"
"they should just put woodside in, seems to pass better than ryan"
Fort is such a good football player
I feel like any time a team runs a trick play against us it works. Except the Browns of course but they’re the Browns
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS
HOW
Fuck these refs
BULLSHIT
Penalty is fucking ridiculous
Seriously every game
Fuck these refs
Above the knee. Right as he threw it. RTP???
I don’t think he realized that he got the ball out.
How the hell was he supposed to stop in mid air?
THATS BS
I genuinely forgot Ngakoue was on our team
He was already in motion 🤦‍♂️
Were we always this bad with penalties? Yikes man
Thats a joke
How sick would a Fort jersey be?
Need to stop them here. They get the ball to start the half right?
"Unrelated note, I made Chesapeake fries, I've never missed going to games so much"
Can't wait for a PA to Jonnu Smith or corey davis we leave uncovered..
Put the mask over your nose Lamar
Yannick again
Harrison is gonna be an absolute baller for us in a couple years
Fuck off nantz
How is the clock moving??
Why the fuck is the clock running
Ngakoue finally getting pressure
You are all stupid if you thought that wasn’t sarcasm.
Yannick is a monster.
big stop!
Get fulker tf outta here
Yannick is eating the depth tackles alive today
So we're not even going to try to get down the field?
Good morning my neighbors!
Oh a d a flag cool
Yeah after the clipping call best to just head into the locker room
The fucking LB jumped back which resulted in the hit not hitting him at the hip. Come on.
Dobbins 🔥🔥🔥
How are we feeling about this game?
Missed the first half. How did we look?
Lamar could have been more accurate in the first half hopefully he cleans it up.
Guac and Dobs are showing up big time.
Ok guys don’t blow it
Need a quick stop and a quick score. Time to start putting nails in the coffin
Correct me if I’m wrong but ain’t we 0-3 when we start with the ball on offense and 6-0 when we start on defense
How about a Derrick Henry fumble recovered by Queen
would really like to see more of Duvernay on offense. Offers alot more than Boykin
this defense is impressing me so far
Really surprised and impressed with the defense there! Great job
Get off the field!
Excellent defense.
Wink is coming in fucking clutch!
Oof bad checkdown
I feel like it’s been ages since we’ve seen the offense
Hell yeah defense
Let’s keep stuntin on these hoes boys
That commercial was funny af
Anyone got a stream?
Beautiful call by wink there
#DEZ
Dez getting targets hell yea
DEZ
DEZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Dez finally gets a catch!
Anyone not nb happy for dez. Imagine hollywood had have run 7 yards backwards
Hes still out there!!!
THROW IT UP TO DEZ
I think we aren’t using Dez a lot so we can blast him at the Cowboys
JK really doing that number 27 justice
Dez caught it
Got damn JK
Hell yeah Dobbins
They can not stop Dobbins lol
Dobbie McDabbie
dobbins is a beast
KEEP FEEDING DOBBINS!!!
GET OFF ME
JK BEEN STUNTING ON THOSE HOES ALL GAME
"Hey look at that, someone else got called!"
That concentration on JK
Lmao house elf Dobbins
Lmaoo Romo calling him Dobby
This Dobbins mf literally does not go down
Waahah waaaah waaaah
Stfu lol
I think it’s cool that Romo is announcing Dez’s first reception in 3 years
"yes give the fucking ball to Dobbins, look what happens"
Penalties on the opposition? On two consecutive plays? What world are we living in???
What are they talking about dobbins didnt grab the mask he pushed it its different
JK all day man. He's playing outstanding today
That’s what it takes for a call to go in the ravens favor
"Sorry guys, “Dobby” is canceled."
BLESS UP REFS!
"Wait, a defense is making stupid penalties allowing the offense to march straight down the field and it isn’t ours?"
I really like seeing Dez on the field.
"wait, is that how teams feel against us?"
"“JK to command tower Baltimore, permission to take off”"
Lol that throw
I just looked up the stat line to see what our receivers are doing: combined 2 catches for 9 yards...
MARK
Throw a flag on Vrabel
DAYUM
Ok finally we don't suck
BEAUTIFUL PASS TD ANDREWSSSS
What a pass!!! There’s our MVP!!
YEAH BOIIII just like them good old days
WOOOOOOOOOO nice call nice execution
Roman REALLY wants to keep his job
[JK Dobby](https://imgur.com/ZEHLgcW)
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THAT ALL FUCKING YEAR
"&#x200B;

Touchdown Ravens!!!

&#x200B;

Jackson to Andrews"
Yesssss finally
What a fucking play.
Great throw
#LETS GOOOOOOOOOIOOOO
#FUCK YEAH!!!!!
LFG BOYS
LETS FUCKING GO
TOUCHDOWN!!!! FINALLY
That’s what I’m talking about!
"Perfect throw, clean catch"
Thats a big play love to see it!
"Taking Boyle away forced them to shake things up.  Losing a good player is never a plus, but maybe some small positive can come from it."
Defense will come out bangin'
JACKSON getting comfortable! Ooooh CANT wait for the others to start stepping up
"I'm no professional, but I have been saying all along that getting the run game going would open up the passing game."
"Now we just one of those for Dez, maybe one for Brown too."
This is more than I could have bargained for
Ugh I have to go to work in an hour... someone call out for me!!
Oof Burrow got killed.
Not bad for a running back...
"LAMAR 😂😂😂

FUCK YOU BUTLER"
Chipped by Demetrius Jr!  lol
Lamar is a dog lol
HAHAHAHHA I LOVE IT
Oh shit boys no handshakes today
Burrow is probably out for the year. Nasty hit to the knee.
Let’s fucking GO!!!!!!!!!
I love it
DESHON OMFGGGGP
God damnnnn
#BRICK WALL SON
damn that was a huge hit on henry i'm impressed
thats a big boy play
Henry got tuned the fuck up!
Even big boii Henry felt that
Derek Henry with the Bernard Pollard hit!
Fucked him up!!!
"Well Henry, if your goal coming into the game was to kick every Ravens player in the head, what goes around comes around"
Henry just got bulldozed
Great tackle by Elliot
oOoOOoOoF
BRO He brought Henry down to his Knees. Literally
Hope Henry’s alright
clean
ELLIOT BABY. He isn’t Norman you ain’t throwing him Henry lol
"Whoever made that thread saying Elliot was gonna punish Henry, GREAT CALL lol"
That’s a big boy hit right there!  Deshon made Henry his bitch
Pressure needs to get there!!
Wtf are we doing
It's simply not possible for this team to play well on both sides at once lmao. Fuck this
why blitz there? 3rd & 4 against a poor OL... cmon
Peters went for the run
Peters looks deflated
Wow good job peters..
Regardless who wins both teams gonna be sore tomorrow
"we blitzed on 3rd and 4 instead of dropping underneath coverage for out routes...

wink martindale... idk about him. let yannick hunt while you keep the back end covered."
Wait is Burrow hurt?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
lol wut
Now eat shit!!!!!
Fuck that trickery!!! Lol
HA!
Now that's what I call good karma
Lmao they did what we did last week
Titans are nervous LOL!!!!
HAHAH FUCK YOU!
that was so satisfying after last year
Damn had his whole hand in his helmet
Soon as I say cant let em respond with a drive here they get a 50yd busted coverage bs completion. But before I can finish my comment.... ty titans backup center.
Did that count as a sack for Yannick?
I wonder if that little camera buzzing an inch above their heads all the time gets annoying
Proche for the first down!!
More proche
Proche sighting at WR
Lol Vrabel looking like he has a migraine
"Look at you Duvernay, catching the ball and not immediately falling down like Hollywood does."
A proche sighting!
SOULJAAAAAAA
SOULJA
Looks like LJ and Brown want to have a great chemistry but just don't have it.
Vabrel’s looking very stressed out lmao
Take that 5 every time
We need to out the screws back in browns foot
Feed the rookies
Running the exact same play with dez again
Dez
Brown isn’t being very Soulja.
I wanna see Lamar stiff arm the shit outta Butler
"Hollywood sucks man, trade him and get us a real WR."
proche!
Soulja down bad rn ngl
Hollywood is a complete non factor. He’s not out there anymore on run plays with 1 WR.
Dez with more catches than the Soulja
"Easy, normal play. And Lamar and Brown can't connect on a simple 5-yard out route.

I'm glad we got the 1st regardless but man, what is the problem."
PROCHE THE FUTURE I BEEN WAITING SO LONG TO HYPE HIM UP
Is dez picking on butler as well?!
I’m glad dez is getting looks
Come on lamar
Bad throw
Bruh why
Not ideal
Fuck
God dammit
Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Fuck that sucks. We got this though. Keep the energy!!
I disagree
Whyyyy
I don’t get it. I really don’t.
Fuck Simmons
I hate everything
Not a great decision by lamar but the play calling has been bad.
Ravens need to run bruh
That's 100% on Duvernay
Not a great pass but Duvernay gotta play the ball a bit better too
Too hight Lamar but you still got it we have to take deep shots
THOSE ARE THE KIND OF THROWS THEY NEED TO GIVE DEZ HOLY FUCK
Had a good drive going and that play call was horrible. Why throw deep when you're trying to run out the clock. At least it was an arm punt.
Kyle boller throwback
The ole punt interception. Flacco was the master of it
"Cbs shows look God awful.

I want you to love me? Yeah you can want that all you want. Good luck with that"
"Honestly tho,  a lot of Lamar's deep throws today have been wounded ducks. Lots of floaters."
solid tackle by Duvernay tho
That was an absolute shit show of Duv. You can’t even call that a play on the ball haha
Is Greg Roman listening to the broadcast for play calls? Those two throws back to back out to Dez were sus
Wolfe unblocked.
🐺
RG yeeted out of there lmao
No pressure and a conversion
how dare they butcher a Fleetwood Mac classic
Why rush 6 with 2 of them rushing way late? That's essentially 4 rushing with 2 out of the play in the backfield
Lmao we couldn’t just kill clock and kick the fg earlier?
Visa is my favorite small business
Ferguson biting on that bootleg again
They are getting on a roll here
Ugh this sucks
"Why do we ALWAYS bite on bootlegs, rollouts and screens. **DO WE TEACH EDGE AT ALL**"
Elliot plays with absolutely nothing to lose and I love it
So we concuss Henry and now he's running all over us? Oook
"Come on, stop letting Henry cook..."
cmon we can't lose to henry again
Elliot saving a lot of plays out there
Williams looking clean
Oh fuck hope I wasn't to early to compliment the D line...
Back to biting nails
"Regardless of the outcome of this drive, we need offense to come back and play cool. We were never gonna end the game on this defensive drive. Need to keep working the clock, and ideally get points."
"Why would you kick it there and not go for it?

Struggling to understand Vrabel here."
Need at least a field go on this next drive. Just win time of possession and we win the game
I think they're going to send all they've got at Lamar on this drive.
Don't worry guys if theyre just gonna keep relying on field goals they wont be able to beat us.
Just give me a goddamn field goal here at least
Break off a massive run pleeeeease
"Hop on the Gus Bus, Roman"
Dobbin and weavin
We cannot go 3 and out or a turnover this drive absolutely cannot
Wait till the clock hits 2 every play
NEED FOR SNEAD
When you have the need we have the Snead!
That is the reason right there why Skura isn’t a tackle
We’re getting so fucked right here lmao fuck off
These calls are unbelievably bad.
That spot was so bs
Of course....
I hate our oline man lmfaooo
What the hell?!
SMDH
Bad throw
Huge stop incoming. COME ON.
How many fucking penalties
We need to just switch to mainly screen and yac plays this shit is infuriating to watch
This has a recipe for disaster... yikes
Give us one more stand on defense.
They keep talking about Andrews but 66 fired even earlier.
"-5.5, nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo"
jesus these injuries
Stinks
"backed up near their endzone, cmon defense carry us yet again!"
We have big boys but damn they slow.
We never play QB spy plays
"Tannehill has way too much time. Ngakoue, we need you here, buddy."
they can complete things where each of our passes are painful to see. not going to get the ball back this game
Peters got beat so hard on that one
How are the Titans still in this
This defense looks done
Peters wya
Just give me LJ Fort and Malik Harrison out there. I don't understand how Queen always seems to be in the wrong spot.
Sorry but we can’t play the refs and the opposing team and hope to win when our team is performing subpar.
Marcus Peters is well done today. Cooked all day
Need a big defensive stop here
Board fucking whiffed
Defense is shitting themselves lol
"Fucking garbage ass defenders, what the fuck is that"
So glad we have Marcus Peters
Here we fucking go again can't wait
So we can’t tackle anymore huh
Holy fucking shit this team...
I see we got burnt toast Peters today
Why the fuck is Board guarding AJ Brown
Wow. That was awful tackling.
I see we've forgotten how to tackle
My god what are ya'll doing
Tackle plz
Lol if only he could hit that easy ass pass
That was a total joke
LOW EFFORT LAZY TACKLING. FUCKING WOW.
This defense is trash.
Lmao were so fucked
We better not snatch defeat from the jaws of victory
cmon
I think they’ve gotten at least five yards on every play this drive
stiffen the fuck up
I can’t with this defense anymore.
Gonna need one more scoring drive from Lamar.
The word they forgot was tackle.
"Dobbins carried the offense, and made him sitout nearly all the second half. Got a bad pass/bad route on a first down throw leading to int, then that last joke of a drive. Not looking forward to see the offense to try and win a game lmao"
Gonna come down to automatuck
OKAY JUDON
We just aren't very good. Few bright spots today but last 20 mins has been pitiful
LETS GO D!!!
Dennis Pitta has too much praise for the other team when their offense is clicking.  He's Ravens radio.  Shut up!
I’ve seen this story before they will score go up here and we will come up short
STOP THE COUNT!!!
BAD SNAP! YES! I LOVE BAD SNAPS!
LETS GO JUDON
Fucking pathetic tackling
OMG pathetic
What in the absolute fuck was that
Zero fucking tackling. WTF
Learn to fucking tackle.
Fuck me. Make a fucking tackle. Fucking fuck.
"moments like this are judon frustrates me, he has moments where he's good but then does dumb stuff the rest of the year"
What the fuck ever man
Zero heart.
Embarrassing
Unbelievable.  Defense lets us down this time.
what the hell was that
What a surprise.
What the actual fuck
Unfucking Real.
Clark is having the best day...
I'm sorry guys but this is funny. Like this is we're a joke kind of funny.
Ouch
Pussy team
What a fucking joke
WTF
Wtf was that
wow.
What. The. Fuck.
we fucking deserve to lose with this soft ass defense on this drive
Where was the tackling there.
So thats what YAC looks like.
These guys aren’t Ravens
"I’m sorry guys, everything went to shit once i turned i started watching, i’m gonna change the channel now"
Hahaha
that's embarrassing
PATHETIC
we're fucked.
Stop going for the strip and lay the wood.
God we need to gang tackle way better
This defense can't stop a nosebleed with the game of the line. Pathetic
Jfc we need to work on defense
Fuck me in the ass
We need a clutch td drive
Who saw this coming?
Marlo with an ALL TIME horrible tackling attempt
We need a clutch td drive
Wow
"&#x200B;

Okay Lamar.....It's time to put on your big boy pants and win this game 🏈"
Who is ready for justice hill
Absolutely outcoached.
I 100% knew this would happen. INT and FG next drive killed this game.
our offense and tackling have been poor today.
"I give the defense some slack because of injuries, but Marcus Peters is routinely beat on long routes."
those 3rd and long conversions ouch. oh well another blow out
"Injuries got us this year. Good team, but we lost too many heroes."
Useless
I am in disbelief
Weather is clear we can do this
Fuck everything
"Time to make up for the choke on the last drive, offense"
"That felt deliberate on Queen’s part, we’ll see if that saved time pays off"
Snead!
3 and out is what I’m feeling but I hope not
"This week, on Days of Our ~~Steelers~~ Ravens"
This is an embarrassment
#BELEE
I had my hopes up
"What an inspiring defense...

Go get some big receivers who can catch please. 
We’re talking making deep run when we’re still fighting for our playoff lives here."
"Honestly it’s good that the O have this chance. 

Defense played excellent until the fourth after the offense turned the ball over and sucked ass. 

Redemption time"
"THE DAY AFTER MY BIRTHDAY, ALL I WANTED WAS A WIN AGAINST THESE ARROGANT BUMS, AND Y'ALL PLAY LIKE THIS??"
Time to crank this shit up another level
Is it that hard to grab a players leg and hold on? Holy shit
Lets go offense!!
Lamar prove me wrong PLEASE
Just no turnovers
DEZZZZZZ
Deeeeezzz
Good shit. Dez
XX
Yeah we need 7 here.
XXX
so far so good
Love it but go out of bounds dez lol
Holy shot we can win it here
What a fucking block by Dobbins!
There you go Lamar. Get in the zone.
oh yea were in range
Butler with the hard head and the soft ass
"here's where it happens. Backed up by 2 penalties, and a bad throw on 4th and goal."
LETS GO DEZZZZ
If they’re on the field they’re in field goal range for Tucker.
DEZ
This whole drive shows why GRo has to go. If you can pull this drive out of your ass then you shouldn’t look like shit most of the game.
Tucker Time baby!
At least we have two TOs
WHERE Y'ALL DOUBTERS AT NOW
Fuck the refs
Damn that LlamaJax of old
Ok this lack of discipline falls on the coach to be honest. Harbaugh is to blame here
"2 timeouts left, you can run anything you want here"
THROW THE X!!!
WHAT THE FUCK THESE PENALTIES ARE KILLER
Omfg that was a touchdown
Refs are out of breath
Omfg that was the game winner god damnr
let's go lamar prove everyone wrong
"DRAW PLAY TO JK, OR QUICK SLANTS"
An their DBs have been playing really well today
Should hit andrews man
Damn I would go Dez 1 on 1.
That was a great drive
So much fucking cushion and we can’t do shit with it
Sus redzone plays again
WIN THE TOSS
Incoming 80 yd rush
Lamar go own it.
"Half expected judon to say ""we're kicking it"" at the coin toss ngl"
CHUCK IT TO DEZ YOU COWARDS
Score a TD here and end this shit. Prove the doubters wrong LJ
Let's do it cmoooooooon
STUNT ON THESE HOES
Lamar game-winning TD run Im calling it
SCORE A TD
Dez is has our second most receiving yards today 👀
Ok so this drive will define Lamar! Lol but I believe we get the win! Hopefully Hollywood gets us some big plays here
I belee in a thing called Dub!!!!
*fuck*
Sigh
That's the problem with Dobbins.
And that’s a great start...
Tuck the ball my man
Alright brush it off and get ready to convert
Bruh
Was that Lamar shouting?
Wow
They only need a field goal to win
Shades of Flacco *sigh*
Fucking unbeleivable.
This team is just so fucking annoying man.
L.
We are holding them all over the place and still can’t block for Lamar...
"Perfect, meeting my expectations"
Aaaaaaaand that's ball game
Limp fucking dick bullshit.
"We have not executed on offense well enough at all today, outside of Dobbins."
o line really didn’t do their job here that’s brutal
Good Game.
"That was rough man, this defense has not been able to do it"
Okay defense. You have struggled making the absolute must stop plays we needed this year. Now is the time. Let's get that turnover.
Someone make a fucking play pls
"Bullshit, OL completely gave up on 2nd down and that cost us the game most likely."
3rd in the North!
I must be a glutton for punishment watching this team every week.
"run on 1st down for no reason? check

sack on 2nd down w/ snead being decleated in his route? check

3rd down checkdown going nowhere? check.

LOL"
Cmon D
lmao wtf was that
The Titans are too good to not score here.
It’s okay we’ll be 8-8 soon
"Andrews blows this game for us, blame one single play, it is absolutely the false start. Idc what else he did this game, that is the play that blew it. Yet again he shits the bed in an important game, just found a new way to shit it this time."
That’s so (2020) Ravens
Does anyone know the heimlich maneuver? Someone needs to save Baltimore from CHOKING!
Coaching usually wins in OT.
This team just leaves you so empty.
get peters out of the fucking game holy shit
Any receivers coming out of college you guys like this year? Lol seriously though
Terrible tackling.
And of course we can’t tackle
"This is fucking depressing 

Our offense is the same story every week. Defense is banged up and can only do so much. Fuck this season"
just learn to tackle
Look at all these bootlegs we don't EVER DO.
God I'm jealous of the WRs the Titans have
Pretty sure defense is cooked.
I’m killing our defensive backs bro they are such ass today.
Why are we playing so far back
C A N N O T T A C K L E
Time to fake the injuries to avoid the embarrassment
Welp we should get better next year
Great contain and then he cuts inside lol. What the fuck
I just don't see it right now
2 fucking games in a row the OLine cost us man. What the fuck
games over
This game is done man. D is gassed.
I can’t believe we are gonna choke this game away. So many chances. So mentally weak.
Cmon D
Welp
It always feels like we struggle to throw the ball up the field yet every team we play always has guys wide open and they move the ball with ease
This is just so easy for them. We fucking suck so much.
I'm over this season man
So hurt right now.... can’t do this
Field Goal range for Gost now. Up by 11 and ran the fucking ball twice
Our DBs are just there to tackle after the receivers caught the ball.
Unless Gostowski misses this game is over. This team does not deserve to make the playoffs
Yeah GGs
We are trash
How tf do you get no pressure with that many people rushing
"Well, this is shitty."
It’s literally pitch and catch. Too fuckin easy
Everyone we absolutely need a stop from the defense this year we just have not got it.
Goodbye
Making AJ brown look like fucking Julio
Lol we suck.
Wow
Lol fuck me
Well that sucks.
Embarrassing. Make changes.
we are pathetic- out toughed- outlasted
"Game is probably over at this point. 

If the ravens lose, i'm calling their season tbh."
That’s so Raven
"lol oline holds falling down, nothing"
FUCK THE TITANS
My god we need Campbell and Williams back ASAP and we need to draft exclusively WR and Oline fuck this man
Winnable game left out on the field yet again.
What really pisses me off is that they get our hopes up like we're going to win and then they pull this.....
Fuck everything
Fuck this
Pain
Rip
"When Tony Romo, the announcer, knows all your def plays. How can you not lose?"
Sucks that our schedule is so easy to end we might luck into playoffs
draft 3 wrs and 4 o linemen i don’t give a fuck
And Pittsburgh is next. How fun
The browns are better than us right now.. what a fucking joke
[deleted]
Gotta go after Corey Davis in the off season.
Fuck tony romo. Idk how anyone likes him as a ravens fan. Five games with him now and he's such a fucking prick.
Lamar has to win this or else his reputation is etched in stone
Popped into this thread two possessions into this game and see people are saying we’re gonna miss the playoffs and go 8-8 and remembered why I don’t come in here during games my god
This is becoming a coaching problem. I love harbs but holy shit man.
Out-coached and out-played once again 😂
I don’t wish injury on no one but fuck the titans 😂. they want to dance on our logo that’s karma
Our d carried us to 6-1 our offense is so shit
"Idk what is happening. Hollywood never dropped passes in college or last year. What did this team do to him, like wtf actually happened. Why does it seem like we shatter every wr’s confidence. Same shit happened with perriman"
Fire fucking Greg Roman he’s ruining the team
Duv has to fight for that
More points off of a LJ turnover...
"Lamar has been so, so bad this game. Play calling suspect per usual but he’s way off"
This season has been nothing short of a disaster
Patrick Queen has not played that well this season
Judon’s biggest play of the game
3rd place coming up
Tear it all down. This team is nothing
Coaching has been abysmal today Harbaugh is having a really bad year coaching wise fuck anyone who downvotes this it’s true he’s been bad this year
"Oh look, an offensive line penalty. Fuck this offensive line. These backup guys can all go next season. Absolutely zero discipline."
Why do refs call us different than every other team. Top of the league in every penalty category in a year where refs aren’t calling other teams for holding
I for one am not surprised at all. We’ve sucked in every single game except one.
Overreactions in 3..2..1
The butthole is gaping
Derrick Henry has some doodoo on his back
It’s like we have no pride anymore. You would think that trash talk at the beginning of the game would have us fired up.
"We bout to get spanked, boys."
Our LB's are trash
"Next time Ingram breaks one for a 35 yard TD, I better not see any of you cheering for him."
We have some pretty mediocre souljas
Ingrams tank is on empty. Hes not producing anymore
"I made the mistake of saying Queen can't cover well to a know it all. 
15 messages later, I guess I'm in the wrong."
We just have zero attitude
Bro that's a pick six if thats MP and not Marlo
Good fucking shit
Yes a good play
Lamar is completely panicked out there.
"Everyone is saying Roman but that right there was Lamar, Dez was WIDE open."
"I understand the play calling has been no good. But Lamar is panicking in the pocket, getting faked by phantom pressure, and making poor decisions every game. There is plenty of blame to go around and let’s make sure it goes all the way around."
"Blah blah blah, blame Roman for everything, blah blah blah."
Ricard making my D hard with that effort!
Bailing Tennessee out with stupid penalties. We can beat them and should beat them
The titans really talked all that trash just to drop these passes lmao
I'd love to pair yannick with a real Edge Rusher and not some fat fuck who argued with fans on twitter (Judon)
"Not even trying to pass here, sad."
I was really hoping this would be a shootout
We need points points points
Damn bro I hope Henry’s ok
"Henry just got his bell rung. He's going concussion protocol. out at least this quarter, probably the game."
Awful throw
"lamar come on, we don't need to take deep shots"
Greg Roman thinks this is Madden.
Lamar's mechanics were shit in that throw and the pass suffered
"Roman literally can’t just call a strait forward game, he always gets too cute"
why is a deep pass even an option why our run game is so strong and were up one possession
this sub kept saying involve duvernay.....
Fuck how is our 3rd down defence so bad
Feeling bad about all the injuries
Lmfao this shit is so scripted. I knew it. Most important drive we choke.
that 3rd down call was so bad by the Titans I’m starting to think about this being scripted
I start Hollywood in fantasy every week just waiting for a breakout game 😂
God damnit Lamar!
I swear if we choke this away....
buckle up boys. They score a TD and we'll get to showcase our incompetent never able to come from being offense
Marcus peters getting burned ✅
Embarrassing defense 😂
That's what a receiver looks like hollywood
"Peters, Queen, Lamar blame of the game. Holy fucking shit."
No playoffs this year.
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
This wouldn’t have happened if lamar was accurate on 3rd down
1st quarter bandwagon fans checking in to give again.
"Live by the punchout, die by the punchout"
Mental fortitude of this year’s team is lacking.
I counted at least 2 holdings but ok
Woah! We won the toss! Let’s just call it there
Fucking judon finally doing something positive.
I don’t trust this soft ass defense in OT at all
WHAT WAS THAT GREG ROMAN PLAYCALL
Oh well.
gg
I can’t believe we drafted marquise brown (will never call him Hollywood) over AJ Brown Dk Metcaf....
Lol Marcus peters is such a little bitch
This is by far the most overrated secondary in the fucking league. Yes they can get picks occasionally. You know what’s more important? Consistently tackling and not getting burnt like a motherfucker once a drive
"Sure why not

Blow it up. This team is garbage."
THIS SEASON IS AT BEST A WILDCARD 7# SEED LOSS
looking like its time to take off the jersey
"Fuck this sorry ass team. This season is over and anyone who thinks otherwise is a delusional fan boy, 

We are not making the playoffs and we don’t deserve to either"
That's game. Fuck this. Why do I get up at 5am every week? Can someone remind me not to do this again. I hate how weak we are.
Well that’s the season.
Season over.
THATS OUR RAVENS YALL!!!!
"Any single player or coach who says ""we like where we are"" after this game should be cut/fired"
I’m so sick of this team this season
4 and out incoming
Bad throw by lamar
Someone here mentioned Romo always saying good things about Lamar... I haven't heard him say one thing this game without taking the Titans' wang out of his mouth
That throw was awful. Lamar getting more excuses.
we really gotta get another TD cuz they could still win this. Never forget how dumb Roman is
I've never found Colbert funny. I don't really see his appeal.
"Lamar could hand the ball to the other team for a turnover, and this sub would still find a way to give him an excuse."
We might actually miss the playoffs. Very real possibility we are 6-5 after next week.
Remember when this offense was fun to watch?
"Guys, everyone is hurt. They can't do anything they did last year. Face it. This defense is average at best right now. Not surprising that the titans are driving down the field."
Sooo Lamar gonna have to win this game with his arm? On to Pittsburgh I guess
"Oh well, guess we'll try again next year..."
How can you be mad at the defense when a ticky tacky PI call gives the Titans 30 yards? Fucking bullshit.
Lol I would certainly hope our 1st round selection could put pressure on a QB when he's called to blitz and goes unblocked
You guys are hilarious blaming Roman for that one. Dez was open.
Tony Romo isn’t on his A game today
Anyone know the context on that black dude losing his shit in the interview on this CBS ad?
How was that a penalty
All on Lamar. He had all of the time in the world right there
"We're up by 8...Drive is going our way... Let's just heave the ball up, instead of giving it to Dobbins and run some clock.  But no, fuck it we like to screw our momentum."
"This is an attempt at a flag. They're not kicking.

edit: bad coaching. Henry gets that 1st down."
"I'm getting pretty concerned about Lamar's ability to throw. For every good throw, there's 5 like that."
So sick of this team. I can't seriously enjoy any player since 2012. Every one is a hype douche even the ones that are good like humph. All fucking talk and no bite in big games
Tucker is once again the only good thing about this sorry ass team. Been one hell of a super bowl hang over.
Grats its over
"Gg, hope we miss the playoffs for a higher draft pick"
Lamar isn't accurate
This thread is so full of 🤡s
How does Mark not make that catch for fucks sake make a difficult catch for once in your life man.
We are also dealing with major injuries on both sides of the ball so I’m not really sure what some of you all expect?  It sure as hell was never going to be easy
Lamar needs to get out of his own fucking head. Get the ball out to the open receiver and let them do their work.
Why the shit are we throwing the ball!?
We had momentum and Lamar threw a fucking deep ball on first down.
"Chill, we r 2 possesions into the game."
We'll be lucky to make it in as a wildcard.
Malik>Queen I will tolerate no slander
Where the fuck are the Queens a bust jackasses right now? Fucking clowns
"Fuck Andrews for not catching that, making Lamar look bad and shit 




Am I doing this right, r/Ravens?"
"welp, overtime is a loss. Everyone knows this. Henry is a late game monster."
"Big game for us today. We are better then what our record shows. 

Also this is for any Steeler fans lurking. You’ve played 3 winning teams all year. And another tough matchup today for you all.."
"I'm not feeling too confident today, guys, but I'm with this team until the end"
Refs are fucking us since Harbaugh took off mask.  Fuck all refs.
Letting them easily convert 3rd and 11 smdh...
"No pursuit, no tackling, no hustle, no awareness, and no physicality. You really do get the total package with queen."
Easy peasy
"Just relax and set your expectations low. However low your expectations might currently be, lower them a bit further. This game is probably going to be awful to watch for us."
Turrible
Football is chess and we are Marion Tinsley
"Can we just call the season, get our guys back healthy and give it another shot next year?"
Ight imma head out
Lol please correct this. Are you really about to get beat down by this team again?
"Holy fuck, the outside was completely open."
"Lamar dropping too deep again, gives a better angle to the DE"
"I swear, in this thread drive-to-drive we either should give it to gus more, or Dobbins more, we’re either gonna miss the playoffs on one drive then we’ll be fine the next. This thread is exhausting"
"This just in, banged up o-line and d-line are playing poorly!


More at 11, we discuss how scientists have discovered that water is in fact WET"
Play Dez you cowards!!
"Justice Hill? More like Justice HIT.

I'll see myself out"
Thats gap commercial is pretty dumb
no flag..thought for sure late qb hit flag was coming
Romo is garbage ever since he got his new deal
"Was it Harrison or Queen that hit him, I thought it was Harrison but everyone is saying queen"
"Offence is done. We don’t deserve the playoffs. They deserve to sit home , pissed off. GR got to go. What is he thinking. Put the fucking ball in the end zone !!!"
Dez wide open on that slant and Lamar pumps while looking at him. You have to make that throw brother!
We have to score a damn TD. Marlon is getting torched by AJ Brown and it’s going to lead to more points
"Fucking hell, Lamar."
"I really hope we get Boldin out of Dez we need it so bad, idk if there’s just 0 trust there or no plays being called his way :("
Let JT kick it don't get cute imo
Outcoached
Just throw screens on us all game. Can’t defend them for shit.
WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU RUNNING IT?? My fucking God might as well just send Lamar out there with training wheels
Damn. I hope he’s ok
Looks like something could be broke. I Hope jayon is fine
I wish I could mute Tony Romo
Please god please get a touchdown here....I know it won’t happen but holy shit that would be huge
Where are the people who thought the refs were apart of a conspiracy against the Ravens lol
Fuck Butler
Hope Henry is ok! He’s a beast. I like the intensity though
GOST YOU BETTER MISS YOU CUNT
People are calling us dirty wtf
Why are we not running ahead????
hubris.
Lamar wtf was that shit
No need for the deep shots. Just win time of possession
"Can McDonalds bring their fucking all day breakfast back?

I mean shit."
This team. 😂 That drive could've essentially been game.
"And just as I started to praise Lama's second half self......

Edit: I actually did pin that one on Duvernay. Can't give up on a pass like that when you're in front of a defender."
God why couldn’t it be like this last year? When we were even better too.
Great catch. Damn
Nobody goes to a car dealership wanting to buy an Acura
"Queen just be running around. Not doing shit, not tackling, not communicating. Just out there running around getting paid millions."
Terrible fucking throw
Every drive a gift of points for the Titans. I’m fucking tired.
I think we need to accept that our offense is not going to turn the corner this season.
"I think when it comes to deep passes, Lamar i just a lil too late releasing the ball,"
Boy you can just feel it
This team looks done.
"Good news! After they score the TD on this drive, we have enough time to watch Greg and Lamar not drive back for the win!"
CAN WE PLEASE STOP BLITZING ??
So was Lamar just a flash in the pan or something ?
Spend all this money on defense just for this bullshit to happen
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Did I just see a shorter person?  Or was that regular height but in comparison to these beast players?
OH WHAT A FUCKING JOKE THIS TEAM IS
Lol they had every right to dance on our logo we're a fucking embarrassment
GG zero faith in this team. No mental toughness and it doesn’t help with us playing the refs too.
We deserve to lose this game. Holy shit wtf
I don’t care if it’s unpopular fire all the coaches. We can’t close out big games and it’s been an issue for years.
Losing today puts us at 3rd in the Division. This is the season
ISTG if Roman insists on more deep passing...im gonna lose it
"Question: how many 4th quarter comeback victories does lamar have?
Can't think of any... Maybe at pitt last year."
I hate our clock management skills lol
Fucking sad
WIN THE TOSS
Think we lose the game if we don’t win the toss in OT. Defence is gassed and Titans have the momentum. Hope I am wrong.
"Cheers to everyone who said we lost after the titans scored and to the dude who said 4 and out when we got the ball.

OT WIN COMING UP"
That fucking INT is the only reason we're going to OT. Fuck Roman
That last play was a pathetic play call. Design better pass plays.
"The comments in here are so negative right now, it makes me sad. The ravens obviously have their issues but get it together people. Belee!!"
damn. surprised we took the ball there. Offense hasn't been good & is coming off of a tiring 2 min drive.
A fucking screen really
What is Gary Kubiak doing nowadays?
What was that.....? We deserve the loss after that series.
Being a Ravens fan isn't as much fun this year as I thought it'd be.
D playing like the game is already over
Fucking pathetic. This team sucks dick.
Fucking choke
11-5 record. 1st round exit
"Everyone was right, we were wrong, this team is a fraud, blow it up."
This is gonna open up serious discussions about Lamar’s contract.
This sub needs to chill y'all so reactional.
What the hell happened to this team? It’s like we completely imploded.
Why are we looked at as such a good team? I haven’t seen anything redeeming this season except our ability to force turnovers.
Bandwagon fans jumping ship already.
FIRE ROMAN AFTER THIS GAME THERE IS NOTHING TO SAY AFTER THIS GAME
That's a penalty wtf lol
That was a nice play call. Great defence tbf.
So we're turning on our rookie linebacker today?
One thing I've noticed about Lamar is he tries to do too much. Look how much energy he's wasted already running around scrambling and throwing incomplete passes.
No discipline on this team. It’s astonishing.
That might be game smh
Lamars being outplayed by Tannehil.
Lmaoo this team deserves to get fucked ✌🏼
Sadly I just have no hope. :/ This game was a real bummer.
We are so lucky that wasn't picked
I’ve always wondered why coaches hang onto players when contracts aren’t guaranteed in the nfl. Especially when those players are playing at below replacement level. All this to say **Cut.Marquise.Brown**
This sub is SO TOXIC🙄
"Bunch of cry baby fucking pansies in these comments. Remember the last time we got a sb, we came through the wild card round."
lol Henry gonna break the single game rushing record
Some basketball ball players have the nerve to say football is soft smh.....
"#WTF KIND OF PENALTY DID WE JUST GET?? THIS IS BS

So are we not allowed to tackle now??"
Lamar both 1- is incapable of throwing deep and 2- is incapable of throwing outside the numbers
"The O-line sucks, Ingram sucks, Lamar is having a sophomore slump I guess, Roman sucks, Hollywood is disappointing smh"
"Was this team really just a flash in the pan? We still have a slim chance at the end here, but moving forward I don't see much in store for this team"
"Anyone who was a fan before last year knows this is more par for the course, calm down we ain’t going 14-2 every season. Have we looked good recently? No but that’s how it was during the Flacco era we will be fine."
"A lot of sus fans in here, time to eject lmao"
Here come the fake fans.
This team is so undisciplined it’s ridiculous
Lamar’s fault 6 people couldnt tackle
"I’ll say it again, Fuck Marcus Peters"
I wouldn’t even be surprised if we miss the playoffs this team is such a joke this year
That fucking INT killed our game.  Change my mind
Henry gets stopped TODAY!!!
Do we trade up to get Pitts from Florida in the draft next year?
Stunt on these hoes lol
Ward must be in the doghouse to still be inactive
"NFL 360 about Mo this week. 

I'm not tryna cry on a Tuesday night NFL Network."
"Can somebody tell me a radio station to listen to the game on? I am not from Baltimore so I don’t know the local stations, and am using a radio app to listen while I travel today"
Thinking we get a win today still think Henry will go off on us
I wanna see alot of gus today
Demeatrice Jr wants retribution.
Romo has more confidence in Greg Roman than I do lol
Hulu live has the Steelers and Eagles games on. Is there anywhere online I can watch?
No instant start today?
OK I need a stream and apparently r/nflstreams is no more. Can someone help me out?
Feeling hopeful today. Let's eat this dub
fuck. live in montgomery county and they're showing the fucking skins game on cbs and eagles on fox
I'm watching a stream Cuz fuck Nova can someone say when the kick off happens so I know how far behind I am
"Wtf, why?"
thank god we got jim nantz as the commentator lol
Is this commercial part of the cbs intro because I see it every time.
I’m kinda of glad that this game isn’t on in my area and I can only watch it through redzone.
Here we go...
Lmao fuck malcolm butler. Dude is only relevant because of one play
What was that skirmish?
Nice fucking return
"Great return, let's gooooo!! Set the tone"
THATS MY BOY
"Got away with one, again."
Nice Duv
Dammit
Wait he didn't catch it?
Of course Dez gets a catch then that happens
Well at least they actually threw it to Dez can’t complain about that
"Fluker unfortunately has to be our best option at RT, but I can’t see why... dudes been ROUGH"
Awful punt lmao
That’s a great start
Shit
"LETS GO, 1 DRIVE 1 PENALTY"
Greeeeaaaatttt
Christ
LMAOOO
Already with the penalties
Hump was holding the fuck out of him
[deleted]
Lets put in Ben powers over Fluker
"First game of the season not on TV in my local market, so I am only catching plays here and there on red zone channel when they show us.  I know it would've been called back for a hold anyway, but it looked like Dez caught that 3rd down pass to me, why did they rule it incomplete?"
Fingertips man
Lol we getting fucked
Again awful playcalling by Roman and bad oline play
Hump is such a fucking idiot on this play
Awesome!
That is gonna happen all game I feel
Let us pray
"And of course, followed by a DPI"
They’re scared of Henry. And Titans called a perfect play for ut
Nice back-to-back penalties. Team really understood that message.
Funny the day after Humphrey says PI should be a 15 yard penalty he gets a 50 yard one
"Welp gonna be this type of game, was a a good PI call but God damnit I hate the Titans"
"That was holding, not PI"
Bullshit
Fuck sake Marlo
Fuck man
Sigh..  Washington vs. Bengals here in NoVa 👎
When will dez jerseys be available? Black dez jersey would be 🥶🥶🥶
🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
How am I already so mad after 3 minutes of game time
You can see his jersey right? HUMPHREY
Elliot has been getting exposed lately smh
Got it right that time
Deshon. Tackle please.
"Henry is sweet when he doesn't build up speed, he's not built to truck people"
I was so excited to watch the game but they’re showing the Washington game instead
Number 71 is HUGE
THIS TEAM MAN
This is fucking retarded
"Fill in the blank:

Fire __________"
Maybe they need to be embarrassed to wake up.
They're converting too easily.
This defense is so fucking soft
Quick screens and out routes jeep blowing us up
Queen already blowing coverages lol
Get Queen off the field
"""The most tight ends among all tight ends with 6"" - jim nantz"
Why do we refuse to cover in man
That fort’s man
I’m tired of our blitzing D getting picked apart by good coaches like when can we stop blitzing it’s both of our COs
we are not very good
"Welp, this is going to be a long day"
Oh well
Well that was easy
Right down our throats
Yeah this is going to be rough lol
Fuck
Already started drinking. Got long island iced teas and jameson on deck.
"Offense was just too hype because of the pregame bullshit, we'll get a tub here"
so can we take a deep shot now? seems every deep shot gets a pi call
Let them dance on your logo at midfield and then come out and play like a bunch of bitches... LOL
How many times are we going to give up critical yards on a chip block/leak???  Twice on that drive they got an open receiver off a chip block.  Not good!
"Well the one good thing about the opening drive was the Dez appearance, and that’s about it so far..."
Even with all that’s wrong we got 3 and a half quarters to go. I have faith that we will turn it around.
"Sadly, we all know if the offense can’t score 7 here, it may be a long day"
that was too easy
Let’s go Lamar!!!
Cowboys fan here. Can someone link me the Dez target by chance? Thankssss
How can I watch this if it isn't in my coverage zone?
Strong right and couldn’t get a yard..
Give the fucking ball to Edwards and stop fucking around.
DRAFT LINEMEN
Oh my fucking God man
"Mmm Ricard at TE instead of Andrews, I wonder what we will do..."
So. Fucking. Predictable.
We csnt get a yard with 6 linemen? Spread it out yo.
Hollywood can’t catch now
Ravens and 1st round WRs
Hollywood...
Soulja spotting!!!
Just attempt to chuck it down the field one time please!! Even if its incomplete you gotta take a fucking shot
At least Andrews knows how to be a soulja
Old faithful
Why the fuck are we going to let the best RB on the team just ride the bench
Ingram and Hollywood need to be off the field.
That run on first down
lol hollywood
Yeah just throw it to Dez at this point
IN MANDREWS WE TRUST
JFC play Dobbins the whole game...
Stop giving the ball to Ingram you fat fuck
"I like using the extra OL, especially if teams are lining up light and fast against us.  Fuckin run em over."
"When you give the ball to Dobb, good things tends to happen"
If we can’t get movement on the line with 6 lineman than spread out and let it go
Hollywood is a Fucking bum.
Dobbins is so much better than Ingram this year
Just use dobbins and Gus!
Andrews’ blocking has been #nice
A flag against our opponent? Has Hell frozen over?
A penalty.. that’s good for us? 🥺👉🏻👈🏻
Dobbins should clearly at least be playing more than Ingram maybe even Gus
"I hate saying this because he's an amazing teammate, but we need to see Ingram less. He's still not 100%, idk if it's age or a nagging injury, but Gus and Dobbins are so much more dynamic right now"
Dammit
Disgusted
Well that was unfortunate
almost
Defense holds them to 3 on the next drive.
Can’t let them go up 11. Gotta hold to a FG
Bench dj fluke bro fuck
"Offensive Efficiency and finishing in the red zone is the key to beating the Titans, just like it was last year."
Great play justice
Fuck that bitch up omg!
Henry fucking movingly grown as fatties lol
God damn Henry is scary..
Come'on wink dial it up.
7 YPC type beat
nice play 40
Forced to listen to the game on the radio.  Nice to hear Gerry
Has the defense ever been this inconsistent when Ray and Ed were here or was it consistent?
#BowserPower
Needed that big time
"Sorry Ryan, your receiver is in another castle"
"That a way, D!  Way to unload on tannehill!"
Hump didnt even attempt to intercept that.....
PATRICK QUEEN IN THE CLUTCH
Good shit Defense
FUCK YEAHHHH!
Beautiful LB play right there
"Cmon offense, take advantage"
Lightning McQueen!
Kachow
"Great design right there, even better execution. LETTTSSS GOOOOO"
The guys name is freaking bowser!😳😳
Where are the Queen haters at now???
Bowsers got some wheels
Bigtime fucking play let’s go
"I love Mark but, JK and Gus are the ones"
Okay actually great read by Lamar! He’s been keeping those way too often this year
"Let's put it to rest: Queen is a solid player with tons of potential, and also has plenty to improve upon.  He's a rookie playing LB, tobbe expected"
Dobbins looking slick
"Enough of Ingram, give Jk the ball"
"Marquise has got to go. Bitching about targets and he never fights for balls, never gets open, and drops easy passes. All mouth and no skill."
O line is on a short leash. Do your job or you’re out. Love it
"Dobbins is mad he keeps getting taken out, and he has more than a right to be"
"&#x200B;

Are we really going to settle for a Field Goal again?  😒"
Dobbins is the future.
Romo exposed
Why is Ingram seeing the field if Jk is running like this?
Wtf
More JK & Edwards. Less Ingram.
Dude JK is a beast
Dobbins been that dude
Feed dobbins
Stop wasting these downs man this is so dumb
Feed Dobby more!
"Dobbins is amazing, that vision + agility is crazy"
Lol good thing drafted him
Dobbins RB1 from now on.
dobbins a baller
Dobbins is good.
Dobbins is special
Fluker has got to be expendable at this pint. This guy can't hold water anywhere on the line
This is the best we got?
Wtf was that
Wtf was that
Another FG HAHAHAHA
"Dear Baltimore, please win this game. 

Love, Indy."
C'mon man. This is just ridiculous
Man if we get stuffed in the red zone again...
Where is dez?
Beating ourselves again
I love Ingram's fire and personality but this team is objectively better with Gus & JK
Don’t
Back to back bad play calls
Dobbins been running for 10 yards a carry better pull him when we are 1st and goal.
So glad we took JK out to complete waste that down. FUCK OFF ROMAN
Embarrassing
When Simmons isn't spitting in people's faces he's twisting ankles. Scumbag
Why the fuck do we have 3 players on the right sideline of the endzone lmao
"Why do shoot ourselves in the foot every drive, stop the cute shit"
Fucking need 7. Please for the love of god
How does Greg Roman let this shit happen every fucking week and keep his job?
WHAT A DUMB PLAY
god our o line is trash
"Come on, man."
Dear lord that's pathetic
Fucking waste.
What a joke
This is so fucking frustrating
FUCK. THIS.
Disaster.
RUN ____ ______
lol we suck
"We need serious help at O line, and Greg Roman's playcalling has been... I'll say ""not impressive"" to me this year."
Jesus fuck
what does Lamar's contract look like?
Awful. Awful. Awful
"Defense got us in position, offense moved the ball 1 yard. New identity looks great"
We can’t even execute a run properly
Those first 2 plays killed us
Opdivo sounds good except for the 437 side effects
Special teams showing up today.
Big boy no little boy
Let's go HILL
Justice! Nice!
Are special teams is an absolute unit.  Designed short kicks off and great gunning down field to hold them on the 20 every time
This team is done until the coaches leave
Our defense is our only hope this season.
good stout run defense
"Great job, D!  Cmon, O.  Pull your head out, Roman"
Let's go O
What active raven would be the best MMA fighter assuming they trained that growing up instead of football
So with Dez elevated I'm pretty sure we gotta sign him to active roster now? Can we confirm that
Defense stepping up big time offense needs to follow suit
Now it's time for Lamar to lock in.
FEED JK
Dobbins playing with fire
Woah lamar just went under center
"Two good runs by Dobbins, time to put Ingram back in"
Let JK cook
Only let Dobbins run
 I FUCKING LOVE DOBBINS START THIS MF
JK 😤
Give JK the fucking ball
Feed JK
It's the Dobbin show!
YES DOBBINS AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN
Who the fuck is Holden?
Strap a rocket to Dobbins plz
Dobbins is a fucking beast. Roman better keep him in.
Plz for the love of god let dobbins run stop taking him out
Dobbins gonna be a choncccy boi cuz all he does is eats.
No ingram fuck
That was a good throw just good coverage
I don't expect anything with deep shots.
#DEZ AGAIN
Had too much air on it
Someone give Dobbins an article of clothing so he can be a free elf
Ball got to get out quicker LJ
Bad throw by lamar
Lamar really struggling with deep ball
Will Falsestarten
He has to slow down so much.
Holden wtf
"Again, Dez was open and in position to at least get a 1st down."
need more timing pass plays.  Lamar seems to be better at those throws.
WHO THE FUCK IS HOLDEN?
Good throw
We didn't have enough field space to get that. If we were a bit further back that could've been a td
Dez was open again!
THERE WE GO
Not Soulja’s fault there Lamar needs to stop hesitating
DUDE FUCK BROWN FOR BEING A BITCH DEZ WAS WIDE OPEN AGAIN!
Hollywood is too short
Thank god
Brown saving the effort for....?
There's our soulja again
Hollywood got to come back and try compete for that. Why can’t he beat anyone
"3 receivers next to eachother
Very poor pass concept."
Bruh wow
If Hollywood attacks that ball it’s a TD instead he tried to let it come to him
Why was Snead right next to Andrews?! What shit planning by Roman
"Wow, a taller receiver catches a ball in traffic. Who would've thought?"
Damn Lamar throws that sooner that’s a TD
Hell of a throw hell of a defensive play
lamar with no fucking touch or accuracy on his deep passes again
That was va crazy catch
Dobbins is ass pounding them
Lmao at the people shitting on Hollywood for not catching an under thrown pass
TD boyss
Go go go
Fuck it just chuck it to Andrew's and DEZ the entire game EZ win
Ricard might be short but Idk
Touchdown Ravens!!!!
Fuck yeah Ricard
He makes those throws and it’s just so sweet let the kid do his thing and stop being cute you feckless fuck Roman
4 handoffs to dobbins... let see it
Hell yea Pat!
Let’s fucking go!!!!!!!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSS
He was down
Ah he’s down
ugh god dammit I thought we had that
Lol phrasing Tony phrasing
"THERE YOU GO GUYS, FINALLY"
his knee is down at like the one
He’s down guys sorry
I called this play needed to happen more. My buddy said it wouldn't. He can suck on it.
He was down at the 1 sadly.
Down at the 1
Give it to dobby
GOING FOR TWO
Oh goddammit
Finally some creativity.
Bro the ref xD
Throw to Dez
This is 4 down territory anyway
"Dobbins, fuck yes"
ALL DAY MFUCKING JK
There you go JK
<3 JK
Defense please keep up the good work
That's Ravens football.
I guess I know which jersey im getting next
Come on boys
"You love to see it. You did it Greg, good job"
Ayyy fuck da titans
Dobbins is a goddamn beast!
Did they overturn it????
Wanted Ricard to get that carry so bad but good shit regardless!
Let’s Review the Review
Has Luke Willson always had long hair? I don't remember seeing that when he was on the Seahawks
How do we feel about going for 2?
What play to we call for the 2 point?
JK MUTHAFUCKING DOBBINS!!!
IT’S DOBBINS SZN MY DUDES
Good play call. Roman really wants to keep his job
No Robby the Dobby
Did Harbs says tell GRo it's Dobbins time? Or do we think he came up with that on his own?
Dobbins should be getting OROY hype.
I love me some JK.
FEED DOBBINS
DOBBINS OCTOPUS LETS GO
Loving Dobbins today.
We’re home
D O B B I N S coming out party
Step up D! Dobbins did his part.
JK in his name stands for MVP! You cant tell me any different!!
Aight defense let's stop them here cause they get the ball back after the half.
Time for the D to step up again. Let’s start putting them behind then run away all their comeback time
Lmao we keep blowing up this kick returner
LAMAR tha big WODIE and JK tha COYOTE 😈🔥 💯
and they want to take him out the game...
Lets go d get us the ball back
Lol juke
JK Dobbins is my new father
"Jesus, get Ferguson a fucking map"
Holy shit what an embarrassment by Ferguson on that play LMAO
Aaaaaaand here we go again
come on ffs don't let fucking guy rip off a run
Lamar Tannehill
Some say that Ferguson is still chasing Henry
This man Chris Board makes doing absolutely nothing all game look so hard.
That misdirect was painfully effective
Lightning McDobbins in the race
OUCH
Wonder if Queen plays with his helmet loose? I know that’s how I always liked to wear my helmet even though I knew it was dangerous it was comfortable that way.
I'm really glad the NFL doesn't watch people to watch their games without having to jump through hoops and give up credit card information.
These play actions are going to hurt us real soon
"Horrible throw, dude was completely open"
Tannehill missed that play but why was that wideout so open....
A stop would be huge here
Can we start running man when they have 2 routes downfield we can double up and play better defense
Lucky break there.
Patrick Queen “Fuck”
Is it time to end the RB by committee and just name Dobbins the starter?
Good shit good pressure
Let's fucking go!!!
Didnt they just pay Tannehil a bunch?
Defense playing well
Ravens been bailed out twice by bad throws.
"The longest rush of the game didn't come from Henry, Lamar, dobbins, the bus, or Ingram. It came from Tannehill... After he juked a defender...

I'll let you read that again."
D STEPPING TF UP
Um I think marlon was out of position there
Wow
Come on man
Bro Levine you’re a DB come on
Well...
Could have called us for NZI on that one. lucky
\*sigh
Bad.
Damn so close to a pick
Fuck
That's why Levine doesn't play defense
Get a sack here for me
I thought it was funny that they were walking off in no man's land. Should have knew better
Stopppp
So so costly
We will dk anything to let them score won't we
That’s literally a hit on his stomach wtf?
Fucking bullshit. That's a garbage call. I get it's the rules but it's pussy as fuck to call that roughing the passer.
"Bbbbbut tannehil is really good and he would be insane without a good run game dude, for real he’s a great QB we could win throwing the ball if we had to but we just don’t have to"
That is a crap call.  Thigh level.
Where can you hit a QB???
That’s so Ravens
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
This feels like the Steelers game. We're really trying hard to give it away.
Why is nobody ever there on these stupid little screen plays. Linebacker on the flats????
Anyone else watching this game on mute?
I’m happy we’re being aggressive with the TOs here
Boom
"Wow, Wolfe hit Henry pretty good there"
I can’t remember more extended drives by our opponents. Maybe 2014?
A Special Teams coordinator needs to recognize these things. That’s literally like their only job.
Okay. Let's see if Lamar can push it down the field without an INT if we get the ball back.
Huge! Get this stop and we have time for a drive
Can’t believe no one tried to recover the ball
Incomplete pass???
Big fucking stop by the squad.
Harbaugh should tell the refs they look nice in two weeks. Maybe that’ll change their attitude towards us. It won’t matter if he does it or not next week...🙄
No roughing the kicker call there? We got off lucky
"Ngakoue, I heard that name like 3 weeks ago in the trade window"
Yannic is a beast
Damn I wanna see Yannick get a sack badly every time he’s literally right there
This feels good
Let’s drive and get that 3 points back
Uh oh
Too bad the masters wasnt this week so we would be spared nantz drivel
Who gets ball at half
That guy is writhing in pain.
poor dude
Our passing game has been non existent again
Omg that looked bad
God damn ben
I can’t stop cringing at the slowmo of that guy’s arm going backwards
Both QBs have terrible stat lines right now
Lmao Baker
"This is my first time watching the James Harrison commercial from Fanduel, not gonna lie it got a laugh out of me"
Tennessee has another 14 points in them at least. Need a strong showing from the offense this half
I’m glad to see some noticeable pressure from the d line itself. It almost seemed nonexistent lately.
Tracy looks beat up.
Low-key nervous Henry going to go off.
No I’m not gonna talk shit anymore. This is the team we have and I’m gonna root for them no matter what. I’m gonna accept the mistakes and weaknesses and cheer for the success. Let’s go boys it’s time for some fucking football!
Judon rocked this dude
[deleted]
Let's go
Good shit defense
Nice opening drive stop!
That's how we come out of half! Here we go
Why do teams always run screens over us? Like it isn’t even always effective. Look at Washington and Indianapolis games for example
Great job D.  Let’s go O
Ayeeee
I agree with romo they are completely disrespecting dez
That’s cool for Dez. Guys don’t make comebacks with that big a lay-off
Look at this dude
"Hit him right in the head, no call? Hes a defensless receiver there"
Powned haha
Why is Orlando's nickname not Apollo or Ares???
Dobbins all day!
Titians are loosing composure.
JK TAKE OVER
Huehuehuehue
Oh shit defense
he fucking launched that thing
Dammn getting some calls today.   Ok ok
Both hands on the helmet lmao cmon
That penalty looking like a prom picture pose
A very slow tackle
"Romo just stop. 

Dobby? Really?"
About fucking time we got flags
New York called down during half time and said the fix is too obvious even it out
Gimme those holding calllllsssss
Unrelated but did anyone see Orlando wearing the fucking Uggs earlier today
Romo needs to fuck off
Who the fuck is 82
Feels nice to get some free yards.
The Titans forget we won our first SB in part thanks to them LOL
Need 7 here
Booya
They’re playing 10-12yds off of Dez! Throw it to him. Quick slant
King is fucking trash. He can’t cover Andrews so he tackles him. Keep him in there!!!
Let’s fucking go!
LET’S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO
LETS GO
THANK YOU!!!!
What a fucking dot
Floated that ball in. I was nervous as hell lmao
Boom
Lets gooooooo
Big balls hahahaha MANDREWS!!!
Ayeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Where the fuck would we be right now without Mark Andrews.
Absolute dime!
11-point lead let’s fucking go!!! 2 score game!
Wooooo
I said earlier this week. To beat this team we have to hit them over the top. Mix that with some great runs and the ravens get back on track!
"Throw him open, baby"
"Wow, what a throw and play. Need more of that this season!!!"
FUCK YEQH
Truss
Need us to keep building on this week 🙏🏻
"Burrow down, Burrow down."
Thats my qb
Fumble
HOLY FUCK DESHON
Get him some milk
JOKER SZn
"Wink Martindale has done an excellent job at adjusting to all the injuries, all the bullshit the defense went through, seriously sign this guy to be the highest paid DC in the league. He deserves it"
My god that man has a family
"Hopefully he's okay :/ we hate the guy, but I'd hate to see him injured even more"
omg dude.
"Fuck that, that's a fumble.  What a hit!"
Congrats to AJ Brown for actually catching a pass
Fuuuuuuuck
Wtf was our defense there!?
cmon man
Shit
Goddamnit
lest keep rushing 4/5 until it doesnt work
Pulled a Greg roman!!!
LMAO 😂
Lol awkward times
Oof that snap
RUN IT AGAIN
"Wide. Open. We need to draft linemen for both sides, and corners. Unfortunately we have to rely on free agents for wrs"
The shoe is on the other foot lol
lmao sucks to suck
Jajajajjjajjajja
LMFAO
Hahahaha WTF was that
Douglas = Skura
Oof
"that Henry hit was savage and exactly what we needed 

hope he's ok tho"
that would’ve been ideal back in fucking january
lol
Hahahhaha
"Great job, D!!!"
Let's keep growing this lead
GET THAT SCORE GUYS. LET'S GO
Him and brown just can't connect
Does marquise even have a catch today?
Feed dobbins
I think we need to trade Hollywood
Lamar getting to the 4th read nice
Proche Szn
Procheeeeeeee
YES USE PROCHE GOOD JOB
"Nooo, Burrow"
"DUVVVVVV

Edit: PROCHEEEE"
THROW IT UP
James is a Pro-che
Fuck dean pees
Feed Dez!
Brown needs to catch these
Hollywood about to throw a fit like his cousin
Dez would have caught that
Yes get our rookie WRs involved more please
Run the same play with dez a THIRD time
"Damn, there’s guys on Tennessee that look like they don’t want to play anymore... in their careers, let alone this game."
Imagine that you get receivers who arent afraid of contact and good shit happens
X
He got it anyway
I think he got it
Clearly a first down
God fucking dammit
🙄
The Titans need to be reminded all this trash talk brought them within 1 yard of the Super Bowl win.... never works out in the end
Yikes
Oh boy here we go
Quack quack
Pees PTSD
Jesus
Fuck man
UGH
BRUH
But why.
Solid toss
God damn it
I wish lamar used his legs on that one..
Dude in this commercial with the orange beanie looks like Trevor Wallace’s parody of Soundcloud rappers
We need to take shots it clears out the box to all the naysayers in this thread
Oof
WWHHHHYYYYYYY
That end of the first half not going for 3 really sucks now
Brainless shit. Just run the fucking ball. Jesus christ
"Went away from the run, Duv wasn't even open."
Fuck Malcolm Butler
"Turning it over with the lead, same shit that cost us against Pittsburgh we need to stop outthinking ourselves"
Feelsbadman
Come on defense. Bail us out 🙏🏻
On FIRST down
Can someone please tell Roman the phrase “If it aint broke dont fix it”. He always changed his playcalling mid game for no fucking reason.
That was a duck and Duv didn't help either. Bad effort all around
Lamar taketh. Lamar giveth away.
We need to hold them. This is an extremely important drive. If we force a punt and take it into 4Q we can control clock and play for FGs.
"overslept, how's the game is look"
Really worried about this drive. It's the most important in this game. We **have to hold them**. They can't get any poits here
I think they got the wrong Michael Thomas
Pain.
Here we go
Fucking come on
Is that a joker or a fuckin dog out there?
Pain.
Pain.
Defense getting tired I feel bad for Wink sometimes
looking like we're going for the tie score rn
"damn, man."
Couple dudes just out there runnin around
queen and harrison w/ b2b poor fits
is Derek Wolfe OKAY
We jinxed ourselves saying Henry hasn’t gotten free lol
Do we have a sack today?
We desperately need a TD
Run the ball
Run down that clock JK!!
USE THE DOBBY
Dumb
Lamar please don’t twist your legs like that. Thanks
Cmon O.  Gotta grind it out
Big boy
Well at least that run went forward lol
"I’m getting a shower, see y’all on the other side"
Fucking ridiculous like Jesus fucking christ
GODDAMN
Smh bro really
Horrible
What in the fuck
Gross
Meltdown
Fucking refs
Fuck me man
Well fuck us I guess. What a terrible sequence
"Wow, just a hair overthrown"
No fucking way. I don’t believe it.
Ughhhh
Well...
Wtf man
Fuuuuuuuuck so close. Any chance that was meant for Willson?
"Well, 90 yards for paydirt. HOLD, DEFENSE!!"
lol this is insane bro come on
Could cost us big time.
Fuck me man.
"Well, the O isputting it on the D.  Cmon D!"
How the fuck is he that open
That same fucking play.
I’m sweating
Defense. PLEASE. step up here far out
"This is what the Titans do to you late in a one score game.  Find a way, D"
Marcus getting caught looking at the qb too much
WHAT WAS THAT PLAY
Lol our tackling is pathetic
Jesus come on
We needed to fucking tackle
Secondary looks toast
Can someone explain why are coverage is garbage today?
Holy fuck those are bad tackling angles
It’s actually depressing
This is bs
WTF WAS THAT
😡
"How does board end up on Browns, wtf Wink"
is this defense fucking serious?
Three stooges
DAFUQ is this bullshit
I still have faith
Steelers part 2
"Whole team needs to prove it, now would be a great time."
I don’t trust our offence to go down and score
So lucky for us
"Wow, these corners couldn't guard high schoolers..."
Was anyone covering Aj brown on the outside?
Don't care what happens on this drive if we lose the offense continues to be the problem
Judon sighting
here comes the classic ravens experience
I'm dreaming of fruitpunch right now
They move the ball so easily
This is beyond funny
WOW
Oh god no
Absolute garbage effort there wtf
What the hell is that tackling
LOOOOOOL
Haha who didn't see that coming
Wow
#FUCK THIS LILY ASS DEFENSE HOLY SHIT
Fire those guys for those whiffs. Absolute embarrassment.
Hahahah I fucking hate this team
Soft ass defense
Pathetic
We’re fucking garbage in the clutch
Romo really hates this team
Bad. Bad. Bad.
"What. The. Fuck.

Fuck these coaches."
Lmfaooooo I can’t believe this shit
Guess the D wearing their She-ra panties today........bunch of sackless pussies
That's what a real receiver looks like
"Sometimes the fruit punch helps you, and sometimes it bites you."
Fuck me
Wow. Fucking weak.
Are you fucking kidding me?
No fucking way
Whelp. It's all on Lamar now.
God bless judon
lmfao
Gg
Welp.
I’m sorry but that’s a disgrace
Scoring 21 against this terrible defense is still abysmal. Overall game is on the offense
smfh.
LMFAOOOO
Four shitass tackles...unreal.
Pathetic. What a swing from last year to this team.
Can’t let him score from that
Truzzzz
Queen pulled an earl thomas there
You’ve gotta be kidding me
Pathetic
Time to KDA
Can you even call those tackle attempts?
No heart
Lmao wtf
Oh. My. Fucking. God.
Trashhhg
Ugh
Piss off 🙄
I don't know if it's the no off-season or what but our tackling and our angles to ball carriers have been suspect on a lot of plays this year.
Of course...just when I thought it might be a good day
Game
This is embarrassing.
Of course.....
Watch the offense punt two times like with Patriots and Steelers
Fucking kill me
What the fuck happened
The only thing we needed to do was hold them.  We have up the lead and we won't be able to answer. This is pitiful
Huge moment for Lamar
How many leads are we going to blow because of stupid ass decisions. Damn
Did someone poke lamar?
My heart is pounding yall
At the least we’re going to OT.
"I dont give up hope that easily. We are ravens mother tucker! Get out of here with yall weak ass ""seasons over shit"" clocks still running we got this"
Oh shhhhhhhhit
Ugh
Okay holy fuck
How does GRO fuck this one up?
Come on with these dumb fucking penalties. Seriously
good blocks by wr/dobb
THESE PENALTIES!!!
Mekari snapped it early there.
"Guys, We drafted Hollywood over the man that just dragged the entire defense into the endzone"
KEEP TALKING SHIT YOU NAYSAYERS ITS WORKING
Tony “I don’t think this is Dez’s fault” Romo
Killed the momentum.
things heatin up!!!
Why can’t we do hurry up more often
OKAY SNEAD
No way let the 10 seconds run off
Good drive
mekari's been solid today though
INHALES SCREEAAAAMSSS INTERNALLY
DONT THROW!!!
Dobbins has the touchdown there.
smh mekari
"Great drive so far, keep it going."
Tuck plz
Fuck if he could've got it to Snead I think he had him but very little separation.
Can we trade for king? He's what we sorely need on defense
My heart rate is through the roof.
Our Centers have been trash this season
Dez was in single coverage and db was not close.  Lamar never looked his way
Still pissed this went to OT. We got dobbins and we can't push for a 3rd and one?? We had two timeouts..
"get the ball first in OT, can’t have that tackling again"
WE NEED THE BALL
Unless they including the browns there is no way this is the 25th meeting
This game man
We gotta get the ball first
Please. Just get the ball in OT. PLEASE
WE GOT THE BALL
The Coin lets go!
We got ball SCORE A TD AND END IT PLEASE
Thank God.
Let’s go
S T R E S S
LETS WIN THIS
PLEASE. GO WIN THIS. LET'S GO
MY EMOTIONS!
"WE

WANT

THE

BALL"
"Nice, we needed the ball first the way our defense is getting worked"
THIS is where LJ tests his mettle
We needed the ball. Thank god.
Run the fucking ball.
\# WHY DOESNT THIS WORK FOR ME
THROW UP THAT FUCKING X DEZ LETS FUCKING SEE IT!
Game winning drive let’s go!!!
TRUZZzz BOYS
First play dez TD
"Just fucking march this shit straight down the field and cover and pick up the W, lets FUCKING GO!"
Do we trust to offense to go down and score a TD or do we put the defense out there and trust them to get a stop and let justin Tucker win the game
Well st least DC fans get it on tv now
I'm feeling the energy
"Lamar needs to put this game on the Offense and win this, play like a real leader"
Here we fucking go man
Fucking
"first sack, wack"
and now this
Big brain move
"Look, I'm sorry. But Roman should be chewed out for our last two plays in regulation alone. We have exactly ZERO money plays that can pick up, like, 5 yards, when we have the reigning MVP who is super fucking dynamic?"
Our OL has been pretty good so far expect for that play
🤮🤮🤮
Run the ball man fuck
"they finally run when it's 3 and 17.

dumb."
Pathetic
Fucking ball game
gg
Gg guys
That was bad
"gg, im gonna go sulk now"
Fucking pathetic
Marlo plz
Lol
Fire Roman
anyone got a stream link?
not looking good
"Greg Roman back to him old self I see, fucking crook"
"what a pussy ass call, that was never going to work"
We need a Fruit punch here
Good punt
Pray for a turnover
Fuck my life
Goddammit
Need to summon the turnover gods
Go after him Pernell! Don’t just shadow him
Getting stuffed like that by a scrub defense that runs their mouths is painful.
Secondary is non existent
tackle please
Judson just watching
FUCKING COME ON.
Turnover or game
OMG
we're not getting far in the playoffs with this offensive line. It was already a problem but the Stanley and Phillips injuries sunk us.
"Wide, fucking, open."
"Honestly blame of the game today is everyone but Dobbins, everyone has had at least one moment they could have done more and changed this outcome"
STOP BLITZING HOLY SHIT
Gotskowski’s gotta choke here
Let's go defense 🙏🏿🙏🏿
Gameover
our offense fucking blows.
Humphrey also having his worst game of the season now.
Gg boys. See y’all next week
Pathetic
HOW MANY OUT ROUTES ARE YOU GONNA GIVE THEM. HOLY SHIT
 Thats likely the game
Game.
"Thought we had good corners, WTH"
How has our secondary looked good at times this season? This is insanity
How are they still leaving them so open.
Playing so fucking far off. Team is a joke.
FUCK
OMG
Lol
Lol.
Fuck this team to pieces
Fucking hell.
Lol
Fuck
"holy cow, what a way to collapse"
And that's game
Cool.
Game over
Unbelieveable
Fitting
I really  hate overtime
How much money is invested in this defense?
[deleted]
God I hope this team doesn't enter no mans land. 2013-2017 were fucking brutal (save for the 2014 season).
"I wish the ravens knew what it meant to be clutch. We lose these games 9 out of 10 times, it’s maddening to not be the clutch team. Been that way for a while, probably since 2014. SMH"
"J.k. all day long. 
Number not called on any
Critical plays. Lose."
Behind the Browns in the division now lmao
fire harb
Thats blatant fucking Pi wtf
"This game is still not the end of the world. My god, we’re still so spoiled here."
All good boys. We can drop these next two. Just need a little help. LETS GO RAVENS. Good game.
[removed]
"Meanwhile, Golden Joe in Cincinnati just got pulled out on the cart with a knee injury"
"Lamar ends a solid drive with a deep INT

*checks off the box*"
"This whole fanbase needs to demand real change. Enough of these shit players and coordinators.

This shit is a fucking disgrace to our franchise."
Marcus Peters is looking like a bad extension
Patrick Queen has regressed horribly..hopefully it's just the rookie wall or something
Why is Lamar so scared everytime he throws the ball. Stop hesitating just fucking throw it
Honestly I’d rather lose to the Steelers than the titans fuck them
"I’m by no means a pro, but I will personally give Humphrey and Peters tackling lessons"
Our receivers are a fucking joke.  Duvernay was 100% at fault for that INT.   I haven't seen that bad of an effort playing the ball since Raheem fucking Moore in 2012.
"Lamar has all day to throw and he chucks it to a well covered Duvernay. Doesn't matter if DD ran a bad route or the playcall was shit, it was on Lamar. This sub needs to realize a lot of our passing game issues fall on him."
The offense is pure cancer and Lamar is seeing ghosts now
"Man I like seeing them lose like this must be so damaging to their spirit. If your gonna have this much talent and just stink up the place all year I’m glad thier not getting bailed out by bullshit wins. I’m glad they talked shit and got their ass beat twice in their home building by an inferior team. I want them humiliated humbled and ultimately, gone."
Where are the Patrick queen apologists now? I want to hear a actual excuse besides “he’s a rookie”.
"Would've liked a lob to Dez but I suppose I understand not wanting to chance a pick. But damn if you got him out there to do that, take a chance."
Put a fork in us. Seasons over. We never recovered to the collapse vs Pitt and are now toasti
"Time for some coaching changes. Even harbs, he's obviously lost the room"
The Lamar INT's are getting old
"What in world makes the coaches confident they can pull out an OT win? 

No matter the outcome this game is a loss in my book. Disappointing all around."
This fan base every loss “we can come bAaacckkkk bIg truSss”
"You can call that holding, but that was not pass interference"
Astros cheated
LMAOOOOOO
"Were just going to let them intimidate us and we cower, sounds about right"
This is why the offense has to score TDs. Because soon Henry gonna start getting 10 yards a carry. If we’re down the whole game all they gotta do is the same shit in the playoff game
I just don’t see the defense making enough stops
When we everybody realize that Harrison is a better mlb than queen
how come i can only comment once every 10 mins? thats no fun
We're going to lose this game because we lost all momentum with that penalty.
Both teams have equally been shitty on Offense.
Roman is a clown. Your an OC with the BEST KICKER IN THE LEAGUE. Your up 4 points not 10 just go for it
Oh Lamar that was fucking awful.
"> can someone tell Roman to keep running it?

> me: ""Roman: deep passing it is""

CALLED IT. Jfc Roman is such a predictable moron"
Take this defense out back and fucking shoot them. That's embarrassing.
"Outside of turnovers, we have the worst defense in the league. Change my mind."
\*sigh this team always finds a way to lose
Yeah that's season probably
I’m done on this team.
"Defense is atrocious, our only good receiver is Andrews, we are missing the best LT in the league, and you are all putting the game on Lamar. Fuck you."
WIN THE TOSS
Here come the bullshit OT rules.
Unbelievable
lol
Ball game
Absolutely ZERO faith in Lamar and Roman. We've lost this one because of those two. I don't want to hear Lamar post-game saying he needs to be better because its getting old now.
"GG guys, it's the same thing every week with this team. Unfortunately, the reality is that even if we make the playoffs, it will be another one and done"
Thats game. Put the thread up. D better be blamed and no one else.
Fucking blow the team up
Once again all week long it will be “what happened to Lamar?” On every sports show
I remember when Flacco was drafted.. I remember the years before that (I was a kid but I remember) but I swear to god if one of you MFs bring up Kyle Boller like this team isn’t bitchmade 😂😂😂😂
This sub acting like queen should win DROY because he made a hit on the QB after being unblocked
No ones gonna say it but lamars had another bad game.
"I'm watching illegal streams (European Raven subspecies decided to cancel the mf $200 GamePass subscription, fuck NFL) and noticed that these analysts have the best work in the world. They look up weekly/seasonal stats and put sentences together according to them. Like ""TJ Watt is something! He hit QBs 28 times this year"". And that's it. That's their job, that's what they get their paycheck for. wtf"
"When do the Steelers and Browns play a competent team besides us, jeeze"
Guys... Derrick Henry scares the shit out of me....
Dez gets 3 TDs today!!
wait i missed something. How were the titans trying to disrespect?
I forgot every time we do something a fuck shit o-lineman needs to get a flag
Yeah! Ref ball! my favorite
Fucking Patrick queens dumbass better show tf up today.
Looked like good coverage to me.
Why do we suck such ass on 3rd and long everygame
"my stream is so far behind, like a solid play behind"
"Man, gonna be a long day at this rate"
We come out looking exactly the same as last week lmfao
Fort blew his coverage
What a joke.
No fight no passion this team just lays down and dies
Lmao we’re in trouble
"At this point, they might as well let me try out for the defense"
"This defense had Suggs, Lewis, and Reed (among others). And now we're stuck with a bunch of shitheads outside a few players."
yikes
"Their scripted plays looked good, let's see how they do as the game progresses. Our offense needs to score a lot today it looks like."
"Well, I had a bad feeling about this game, we’ll have to see how it goes."
"This analysis of ""put more DBs to stop baltimore"" is so lazy. That would not work if our OL would be healthy...."
lol love how the corner gets stiff armed in the chest by Duv but doesn't fail to collect high fives from all his teammates
Here y'all go with the dickeating shit again. He's our player
i think gus edwards smashed harbaugh's wife...dude needs to get way more touches
Too much air
I’m liking the playcalling from Roman here. He’s mixing up a lot of things. Only issue is execution and lack of talent imo
Orlando brown Jr has to be the most unathletic looking lineman in the league
This defense is so fucking weak
This game's gonna get ugly soon if things dont change.
So is Harrison are staring Lb now
"Harrison > Queen so far, but Queen is a good blitzer!"
Kil1 Greg Roman
legit believe roman is trying his hardest to lose every game
People blaming Roman when that's two tds taken off because Lamar missed an open receiver.
Adam gase could do better
"This is going to sound like a weird critique, but I'd like to see Lamar work on his scrambling. It feels like whenever he breaks out of the pocket, he does the same thing: gradually close in on the line of scrimmage, try and bait the defense into playing run, then throw.

If you want to pass first second and third, watch what mobile athletic guys who pass first second and third like Wilson and Watson do. Change direction, run around, buy your receivers as much time as possible. Don't make a beeline for the line of scrimmage, draw it out, force them to chase you."
"Beyond greg roman being a turd, i must say that lamar isn't playing well either."
"Don't worry r/ravens, I got you on this next possession. *Lamar misses an open wide receiver*, IT'S ALL ROMAN'S FAULT!!!"
#DAMMIT HOLLYWOOD
Soulja strikes again
SOULJA!!!!!!
Catch it Soulja
"Late throw, but Brown needs to make a play on that ball."
"Damn Tits you stopped us 

JK LOL"
"Do we NEED to review everything? These are pretty clear could you at least speed it up??

Oh right... Money"
Big yikes on powers
We have speedsters but cant have a deep route there.
Offensive momentum is all but gone now.. going to be over an hour since the last time they had the ball
Getting it to 21-10 here would be HUGE. We usually play way better when comfortably up
Love the Elliott hits but at some point he's gonna be hurt (again)
Peters fucking sucks on those man. Dude just never plays outside and overtop routes well
Dez making 5 out of nothing. What year is it?!
Wtf? That was a really bad throw
Wow. That was stupid
I want more Duvernay targets but not like that Lamar...
RUN THE FUCKING BALL AND MILK THE CLOCK WTF
This is why I get so nervous every time Lamar throws the ball.
"I guess this thread is so toxic that oeopke woukd automatically think i said fuck joe burrow, its was “fuuuuck” that he was injured"
Whens the last time one of our receivers dived for a ball?
Queen can’t run fit to save his life
Watch the fake ..
Being a pussy doesn't win football games. Thank God Vrabel has his tail between his legs.
"Fuck the refs, he was 3 yards past the fucking line"
Come on defence
Ravens. We just can’t play 4 quarters.
"Come on guys, your embarrassing me 😣"
Another game the D is hung out to dry and made to look like shit in the 4th. Story of the season
We got lucky not good
Yeaaaaah fuck this game
I FUCKING HATE THIS SHIT WTF IS WRONG WITH YALL
LMAO HOLY FUCK OUR DEFENSE IS SHIT
"So like, no forward progress calls I guess?"
Learn to wrap up. Clark sucks
EMBARRASSING
"Wink has been the most overrated Dc from this team ever, dudes defenses get figured out every 4th Q"
It's funny some think we have a good D
That’s twice now the Titans have gotten away with delay of game today
Y'all best fucking believe I'm taking names of everyone saying our season is over
we win the toss. do over for the final drive.
"##BELEE

#DAT"
Annnnnd that’s game
"Pathetic fucking call. Fuck this year dude, our superbowl window is closing by the year"
"Game over, trash."
Fuck this shit. Call me a fairweather fan if you want. We’re better than this
We’re playing for field position dumbasses. Fucking low iq idiots
"GREG GO FUCK YOURSELF, A SCREEN ON 3RD AND 17? REALLY????"
Tbh it's likely tucker could have done more there. 80 yd fg ez
"Outstanding play calls, Roman. Wouldn't want you to get Dobbins more touches. No, please... don't do that. Keep throwing to our elite corps of receivers! How's that first round streaker Hollywood doing today? Hey, how's Boykin! Defenses must shiver in fear when they see those two."
FUCKING TACKLE JUDON HE WAS RIGHT THERE
Game over
Harbs is in the Hot for sure now this no excuse
Blame of the game: secondary defense
Its over
AJ Brown would look so good in purple
well that it's
"Bummer loss.. I was expecting worse with Campbell and Williams out however. This is still a playoff team, maybe only by merit of the window being 7 teams now. 

The o-lines inexperience and the lack of a game changing WR will be the biggest thing working against them. 

This game could have EASILY been a W if not for the false starts. Razor thin margins. If these teams meet again in the playoffs the Ravens will win lock it in. 

Oh well on to the next one, see you guys next week for another dose of punishment."
we blow games all the fucking time.. Yet I get down voted to hell for saying Harbaugh has to go
Patrick Queen might be the softest player I’ve ever seen on defense.
I guess you can use the ground to catch the ball
"The flacco days were less toxic than this... chill out guys. We are getting the ball back, it’s 7-0"
What a dick move by powers
"Can we stop sucking off Romo whenever he gets announced for our games, his ravens commentary is shit"
Fake ass over reacting fans.
This team is going to get blown out. We are absolute fucking trash.
[deleted]
Chill everyone we’re two possessions into the game. Our guys are playing with plenty of fire. Titans had a great series of playcalling versus what we had schemed. Let Wink adjust and we’ll see
We should be going for it on every single 4th down if our defense is going to allow TDs every drive
"Blame Greg.

Blame Lamar.

That was fucking needless. A downright shitty throw. Just an immature decision and even worse execution. At least UNDERthrow it so the defender can't pick it and has to go through the WR."
That ball didn’t look caught
Almost unfathomable than an offense can go from league record status to incompetent in the span of a year without any major losses or coordinator changes. It’s truly impossible to comprehend.
They're gonna drive down and score a TD.
Guarantee we lose. This team has shown no ability to move the ball.
I’m done w this year
"Picking on Marcus peters. Smart, dude is a for real bum. Everyone loves him because he gets a pick every other game but he gets burned so often."
Can't wait for people to turn this against Lamar. Love it!
And there’s the weekly 15 yard “I’m a dumbass player” penalty
Ball hit ground
"*Greg Roman calls a pass play* 

“Goddammit Roman, run the ball!”

*Greg Roman calls a run play*

“Goddammit Roman, so predictable”"
I knew they would lose when Lamar threw that deep int. Then a mod bans my account. Even mods are laughable here
#If this is a loss there is no excuse for HARBS to not be on the hot seat. You let Roman do the same shit so you are at fault
BiG tRuSs WoOt WoOt
this is it! the test! is lamar a true qb or a gimmick?
We suck again
Boring way to end the drive. All bark and no bite with this O.
Our defense is so fucking soft
I don’t know about going for two here.
"Welp

Fire Greg Roman"
I’ve been a hardcore Harbaugh apologist forever but I’m really starting to think it might be time. We’re so undisciplined I don’t think changing coordinators will do anything
Told y’all wink was overatated good coaches expose his shitty blitz reliant defense
Good. Let’s have a game-winning drive by Lamar.
Here come a couple shitty playcalls and a pick.
Maybe this will end in a tie
At least Houston beat New England! 😂
Lol we fucking suck.
Lol
Blame of the Game: Defense
That’s so Raven!
[deleted]
Titans are a good team. Its the first drive. R-E-L-A-X
I’m starting to smell that 3rd place. Smells horrific.
Same weaknesses year in year out Harbaugh hasn’t done shot since the Super Bowl honestly time to look at other options if this season goes to shit
what does Lamar's contract look like?
This sub is soooo TOXIC when we go down
[deleted]
Cya fake fans it’s was getting a little crowded in here anyways
Jackson is a average QB at best folks
"We are not a bad team, we are missing 3 key players. GG."
[deleted]
Incoming L. You all know it
"Fucking Lamar's gotta stop with these killer interceptions. IF IT'S NOT THERE DONT THROW IT!

Godam choke artist"
"Lamar is just 1 interception away from tying his mark last year, with several more games to go..


Edit. He's actually tied it already."
We’re the ravens we’re not getting the ball. Period. Sucks for us
Oh my god shut the fuck up about this dudes dead brother and show us the ravens injury
Fire Roman and Harbs in the hot seat SIMPLE!
"This is exactly why I hate Romo.  Constantly guessing the play, being wrong and then being like ""herp derp well if it was me...""
  
Like that shit is annoying when my BIL does it, and it's annoying when Tony Romo does it."
[deleted]
Ray Lewis would never of let this happen
I love Romo
someone explain to me why we should keep harbaugh and roman
Thomas would’ve stopped him 😂
This drive might be the one deciding if im on Lamar love or hate team
"
T
R
A
S
H"
You guys are complaining about team discipline but yet Harbaugh gets no blame? Come on.
Welp that’s the season. It’s been fun.
Season over. Fuck 2020
Always stupid ass decisions by coaching and Lamar that fuck us over. Fuck man
We gonna lose.
"This sub is so fucking miserable, think the jets thread is less toxic. So what if we aren’t blowing everyone out like last year; you’re gonna lose hope because we aren’t up 21-3 in the first quarter? This is classic Ravens always in a close game, last year was an anomaly."
Lamar had two open wide receivers and couldn’t find either. Good drive but we could’ve had the win right there with better QB play
"We have possibly the worst offense in the league, no questions about it."
I don't usually wish ill on anybody but I literally want the defense to chop Henry's legs off and hit him so hard he's seeing starts and can't play. Fuck that fucking asshole.
are there no streams left...links...???
Hahahahaha gg
Who tf is Board and wtf is he doing
C'mon offense we still in it
Trash
Lamar's unwillingness to run and us having no WRs isn't the best combo.
Marquise looking like a REAL soulja. LMAOOOOOOOOOO
"A, B, C, D  level of RBs.   Dobbins will B RB for years to come."
"Defense has to step up, since everyone is reading Roman's offense like a book"
Why does everyone assume it’s queen 🤣💀🤣
"I can't figure out what the hell Lemar is looking at on the field and why the man can't figure out how to throw today, under, over, floater, the guy has no idea"
Ugh lamar is a chin strapper
Okay that is absolutely unacceptable the booth didn't review that. 40 seconds of time for us burnt
4/11 in 1 half is pathetic
"Brown out, left elbow"
Why'd we do that?
Why?!?!?!
Ugggh here we go
Can't wait to lose the lead
all the offense needs to do is get into fg range.
They are getting on a roll here
Would it be crazy to let them score here? We’re not stopping them and I’d like to have a few minutes to try and score.
Our linebackers are the fucking worst lmao
Lmao
l m a o
turn off the lightss. The party’s over
"T.O. 2.0
In the house
Big truss
Woot woot"
[deleted]
Fuck this team
"Well. That didn’t go so well. We’re either a good team or a bad team, will find out very soon. They’re my team either way."
Deep shot to hollywood
"Let's go win it Lamar, fuck those first four quarters."
Pain
Welp
Gg
Calling it. Law of averages. Henry rush 74yrds td
It’s over. Defense is too soft.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WE ARE ASS!!!
Rhythmic gymnastics team would've played  better.
LOL
FuccccccccccurwHLN vaeTV zarygww
Embarrassing. Better team won. Didn’t deserve it. So pissed. Utterly humiliating to give up those last 2 TDs. Offense and defense equally shit today. Happy Thanksgiving!!
Bluff a trade for peters. Make him angry
I CAN’T BELIEVE GREG ROMAN LET THE TITANS SCORE THAT LAST TOUCHDOWN.
Queen saved a big gain there. Put some respect on his name.
"Roman is actually calling his best game of the season, imo."
"Lamar is back to playing bad again, good to know"
[removed]
Lamar has straight up regressed. Anyone denying this is delusional.
We fucking suck
Gg
31-17 titans win is my prediction
"If we lose this game, that’s 2 games we’ve lost because of turnovers"
Dumb challenge just get the yard
Has Lamar ever had a comeback win?
"I want us to lose out. we don't deserve shit and this team and lamar need a slap in the face. You're riding on 2019 MVP status like Cam did in 2016. 

Wake the fuck up and play smart"
"Lamar is just not a great passer. He's fine, but not great at all."
Harbaugh you didn't need to throw that flag...
[deleted]
Harbaugh needs to go. I’m so tired of this soft ass team. They’re a bunch of scaredy cats the second they face any challenge. It’s pathetic.
Big trussssss! We will next game! Big trusss
"Not gonna lie, glad they won off a touchdown instead of a field goal. Got Henry on my fantasy team - my only team that might win a playoff game this year"
Queens just straight looking like a bust. It’s early ik. But Jesus Christ not even the flashes are there anymore.
We’re 6-5 after Thursday
At least we'll get a high draft pick
"This team needs to be blown up. Both Coordinators gone defense overhauled, and Lamar and haurbaugh on the HOT SEAT. 

ANOTHER HUGE LEAD BLOWN WE ARE TIED WHEN UP 10"
[removed]
[removed]
Team choking as usual
[deleted]
[deleted]
I no longer believe in Lamar.
WE FUCKING SUCK
we're gonna be 6-6 in 4 days and donezo playoff hopes watching Pittsburgh go undefeated and the Browns make the playoffs 2020 worst timeline confirmed
Loft it to the back of the end zone and it’s an easy TD :/
Harrison> Queen
Jackson just can not get it done when defenses are playing him like this.
We need to have the Lamar Jackson talk.
"Cut his ass, every fucking game"
Pernell McPhee is good for at least 1 roughing call a game and always on a 3rd down
"If that was a fumble, why didn’t they make more effort to get it."
How was that a fumble??? WTF refs!
".....

Why is there always one throw that makes you wonder wtf Lamar was thinking there....rushed mechnics despite all that time in the pocket and awful accuracy there."
Here we fucking go man.
ahahahahahha
"Unbelievable.

Everything I preach this fanbase and team ignores: mean strong players and good OL/DL.

So sick of this shit"
Is this your Queen?
Just had to challenge that ball spot huh harbs...
"LOL ""ELITE"" CB""S"
Look at that deep throw outside the numbers. I wish we had a qb that could do that.
[removed]
chiefs were 6-4
[deleted]
Henry owns this defense
Harbs gotta be in the hot seat if we lose this game
Out on Lamar if we can't pull this one off
Lamar is fucking KILLING us.
"Man fuck this team. Tell them next time to stop drafting undersized people. Queen is undersized, Hollywood undersized....& stop putting all your capital on defense. We gotta score too."
"I can’t get hyped, please help me out flock"
Wow our offense can’t punch it in and defense can’t stop anything. Gonna be a long ass game if we don’t score a td next drive
[deleted]
I saw the wobble. What a terrible throw.
Thanks Lamar
"Also, people need to realize that it’s not DEFCON 1. 

Tennessee is an extremely talented team at 6-3 and New England always plays hard against us and the weather was complete ass."
THE TITANS ARE HOES. ON THEM WE SHALL STUNT.
Gg guys
Titans making a statement. They will win without using Henry
"Good game titans
Ezpz"
Does Deshaun Watson have a speech impediment?
Harbs with the rando challenge.
This game ain’t over yet
[deleted]
You guys suck ass wtf
Fuck you Ravens
If next week wasn't Thanksgiving game I wouldn't watch. this team is absolutely a FRAUD
Was last year a fluke?
"This team is a choke artist, I called it like usual"
[deleted]
"Fuuuck  joe burrow

Edit: as in fuuuuck he got hurt"
"As much as I want Pittsburgh to lose today, do we really want to play them coming off a loss?"
The tractor is gonna plow through the Ravens yet again🤘
It has been years since we've had a qb who can throw the deep ball consistently. Flacco in 2012? I think that was the last time.
"this team is a weak loser team.  poor playcalls at certain times, poor penalties, and can't cover the flats for shit and keeps missing on play action"
[removed]
Fuck our defense.
I don’t want to win this game. This team doesn’t deserve to win this game. To win this game would be a cop out for all the bad plays we’ve made today.
[deleted]
[removed]
lol watching Lamar play QB is painful
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Not feeling too good about that Humphrey contract so far
Told you we would lose. This team is so undisciplined . Especially with Lamar throwing that deep for an int on 1st down with lead
[removed]
[deleted]
I predict the D will choke like the second half of the pitt game
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
""
**BELEE**
We also got Wolfe for this...He and Madubuike need to show out today .
Titans have one of the worst run defenses in the league. Shut up and belee
We can't get lucky
titans are decimated too just gotta go out and win
""
run the table
Reminds me of the time flacco said he used to stay in the back and Ray Lewis speeches didn’t even make sense to him
Take ownership
Incoming Jackson 5
"For first time, Lamar Jackson is the one in the middle giving the talk in the final huddle after warmups

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I'd much rather have Williams and Campbell fully healthy for next week against the Steelers on a short week. Instead of today to help slow down Henry
"I’d much rather have both of them, but we can’t."
I doubt Calais will be available.
[removed]
Nflbite
""
""
What were they fighting about tho
[deleted]
Fuck the Titans
Classy huh?
WTF
Bunch of assholes
Fucking hate the Titans. Piece of shit organization with no superbowls. This shows that they have a small club mentality.
If the Ravens aren't tough enough to stop them why should I be mad?
Need this video
Lmao your literal franchise is bunch of bitches.
"I hung my hammock, got my pillow and ravens blanket all nice and fluffed up so I could lay back and watch the Ravens and Titans play. But, because I live in PG county, I get insulted. CBS has the Washinton/Bengals game and the Fox, who usually handles the Ravens game in this case, has the Browns Eagles. Im completely and utterly disgusted."
It really is ridiculous. Who wants to see fucking Washington/Cincy. Crackstreams it is then...
Frederick County as well friend.
Yeah I live in MoCo and had to use nflbite
Just stream it lol
My dad has both Baltimore and DC channels... but Baltimore is in standard def. Better than nothing (I guess).
I’m watching it on the nfl app. They have all the games if you have a tv provider
I live in CP and I have no problems that’s odd.
move to baltimore county/harford cty
""
#King Koopa Szn
[deleted]
Kachow
"Therapist: “Patrick McQueen isn’t real. He can’t hurt you.”

Patrick McQueen:"
Blursed
idk what I am looking at but I love it
Damnit you beat to it
"Thanks, I hate it"
KACHOW
"What the hell? I don’t care who the coordinator is, Lamar has got to know you make that throw and allow Dez to bully into the end zone."
"Not just that but he’s starting to panic as soon as the pressure is coming, I understand the o line is getting pushed but if he didn’t panic I think he would’ve seen the 1 on 1, and delivered a good pass and possibly could’ve gotten a “roughing the passer” penalty if he was hit."
""
Not u/mcdougalwu he fucking hates Dobbins
Put some old bay on the rock and FEED THAT MAN
Boy's gotta eat!
Might want to try god
Feed The Hogs
""
FEED THE DOBBY MORE!
I think this is where Dobbins becomes the starter.
Dobbins with the Octopus!
Fuck the Titans! Always have been and always will be a trash organization.
FUCK EM!!
""
"Until they make horrendous calls like that roughing the passer reviewable, refs will continue to ruin games. What a joke."
"Can anyone explain why, whenever anything related to the Ravens or has a picture of the Ravens is posted anywhere it garners insane amounts of hate? What did the Ravens do to harm the league and offend others to receive so much anger and hatred towards us? Seems as if everyone is just praying on Lamar and this teams downfall. Why is that? Not our fault we went 14-2 and got hype for being the number one team in the league. Not our fault Lamar had an MVP season and got loads of hype. Not like they said anything to the rest of the league that was in any way cocky or offensive. Just getting so sick of seeing nothing but brutal hate towards this team on every single post. Makes me sick to follow the NFL except watching our games on Sundays. And hate to say it, but there's a good chance that after Thursday it's only going to get worse."
The Ravens have been one of the most hated teams in the nfl for a long time friend. This season is a regression to the mean. In more ways than one haha.
"Who cares.  I don’t worry about stuff like this.  I have a family that I need to take care of and a job that I need to work hard at.  I love the ravens and I love football and I love Baltimore.  I spend a lot of my free time thinking about ravens football.  But I can’t think of one reason why I would care what anyone else thinks.  Some are jealous, some love to see others fail, some are petty, some are uninformed.

The older I get, the more I appreciate some coaches and players.  I can’t hate the chiefs, they are just so impressive that I love it.  I dont hate the Steelers, they have so many good and tough players, I have a lot of respect for them.  I’m not here to excuse Ben’s past as I would rather stick to football, but I’m constantly impressed with how he manages to get back up no matter how many shots he takes.  He looks like a fat truck driver and still manages to carve us up.  How can I hate the guy, he has nothing but respect for the ravens.

Same thing with bill Belichick, that guy is incredible.  He has a terrible team talent wise and manages to beat the ravens who have one of the best rosters in the league."
"It’s jealousy man

They aint us caus they anus"
"Exactly! I could understand the hate if we were a bunch of cocky shits about winning, but we stayed classy about our success the entire time."
Tbh prob cuz they feel like we’re undeservedly cocky
"Because every fan feels their team is the most hated, most cheated by the refs and unfairly treated by the NFL. 

It’s not some novel idea that OP came up with it’s literally the same song every fan of every organization sings."
Well you know how everyone hated jake paul a while back? It's a little because the success and a lot because of the douchey attitude.  Not shitting on ravens flock. But you get some nephews and bandwagoners when your team has any success.
"Honestly? You were hyper successful last year during the regular season - that gets allot of hate. 

Then, you went on to do absolutely nothing in the playoffs while going in super cocky. 

That generates even more hate. 

——

Not saying I agree, saying I think this is where it comes from."
""
Well that will be hard for him to do since the game is in Pittsburgh.
Notice he's doing it during warm-ups when the other team isn't out there to defend there logo.
that's mad disrespectful. Fuck Juju.
He's probably going to be a Raven next season if the steelers can't afford him.
There’s still time to delete this
"I've been watching a lot of Lamar's drop backs to see if he's missing reads, or if receivers aren't getting open, but as a byproduct of that, I've noticed that Lamar's footwork needs some serious coaching up! 

He has a bad habit at the top of his drop of getting his legs too wide and sinking his hips too low, this subsequently causes him to bring his legs together in a heel click and a little hop like motion when climbing the pocket again.

this destroys all the rhythm and power generated by his drop back,  I imagine it's kinda hard to picture exactly what I'm saying so I have a couple pictures. 

( this is him sinking the hip to low and planting the legs far apart)

https://imgur.com/a/9Vuam0V

(and this is the subsequent heel click and hop)

https://imgur.com/a/co6i1fz

(I am also kinda realizing these pictures don't do it a ton of justice, so ima include a video) 

https://twitter.com/brgridiron/status/1330601576898158593

I chose the Mark Andrews TD to show that he can still have success despite this awkward drop back, but none of this power is coming from his base, it's all arm. This is also probably a reason why he can struggle outside the numbers at times, there is no rhythm or power being generated from his legs. 
I would post examples with other qbs and what good footwork should look like, but it is getting kinda long.  

TL;DR:  Lamar has a super wide base and hip sink at the top of his drop that leads him to take his feet off the ground and/or bring them together, this causes him to lose rhythm and power, and I don't know why no one is correcting it."
"Agree.  He doesn't look all that natural or jocky in his throwing motion.  He's got a lot of things to clean up, but then again, that's really not why he was drafted in the 1st place."
His base used to be super narrow at Louisville and his Rookie year. Lack of a real offseason prob didnt help
I read a quote from the qb coach from earlier in the year. Something to the effect of they have been working on his footwork but he has left his throwing style alone because it's hard to correct that without totally messing him up. My guess is that old/bad habits die hard.
Just look how deep he is in the photo! Why?! That just helps the pass rush. Some defensive ends know this about Lamar and just run around our lineman. They’re blocking as if he should be in the pocket and have no chance at stopping these rushes when he drops back like this. You can talk about adjusting his footwork but if he could just take the correct steps next week that’d be a good start
"I feel like our trash oline, recievers, and scheme are just fucking over his mechanics and instincts. Dude needs to stop overthinking and take what the defense gives him"
"Last year he could stay in the pocket because there was a pocket. This year, the middle of the OL gets beat on the reg."
"Said this since his rookie year, the footwork is the issue with his accuracy.  Last year, solid OL play let him stay comfortable and concentrate on keeping footwork good, this year he's uncomfortable and reverting to old habits."
Non issue here you never want to over coach and ruin his throwing completely and the coaching staff knows this. He’s done it his whole life and it’s worked for him. I remember the Bucks trying to help Giannas with his shot and they completely ruined it. So much so that it’s his and subsequently his teams biggest weakness.
""
"They did this twice in a row, and BOTH times we failed to shut them up, so they should keep doing it (and they will) until we actually shut them up."
"Well you cant deny his team follows his energy with his own players yelling at Harbaugh in the same manner. Vrabel comes off as a tool to me, good coach but a tool. Like what we were supposed to just be okay with them running out and grouping up at the Shield in the center of our field. I give Harbs props for going out to say something while his whole team is in the tunnel."
A classless POS HC of a classless organization. No surprise there
Vrabel is a stupid ass name
Oh boy. Under no circumstances should anyone check the posts related to this over on r/nfl
Who gives a fuck? This is something a high school team should be upset about
The tackling in the second half of that game was way more disrespectful to the Ravens org than this sideshow.
"Not only does this make Harbaugh seem like a crybaby, it accomplishes nothing.

You feel disrespected? You make them pay on the field. If, and when, we find ourselves in Nashville, huddle on their logo pre-game and let em know. Then finish the damn game."
"I think players standing/dancing/whatever on the mid-field logo is the least of our worries. I wouldn't have even noticed if I was a coach out there, and if I did, I would have told my players ""You see that? They don't respect you. Go out and make them respect you.""

Unfortunately we lost the game so they still have that feeling that they own us in their heads, and rightfully so. 

Did think it was cool that Lamar intentionally shoulder bumped Butler after a TD though."
"Right after this the “disrespected” ravens came out and went 3 and out then let them drive down the field for an easy score...

Discipline starts at the top"
"I condemn what the Titans did, that's some punk TO shit but with the whole team. 

But I think Vrabel knows one thing about the Ravens - when they're over amped, hyped up, they're more likely to fuck up. Unfortunately, I think he's right about that."
We do this every time we play.. we have a meeting before the game at midfield. Sure we hate yal but we dont do it just to say fuck the ravens.
As a Titans fan I am glad we did it. If that's classless I will take it. I do believe the hit on Brown was illegal but the hit on Henry was just a legit football play. However even though I hate both of you my spider sense is telling me that the Ravens will win tomorrow night. Something about the world overlooking teams that makes them play free and loose. I think the Ravens beat the Steelers.
[deleted]
Madden curse did the fusion dance with the Drake curse (he started repping us last year). Instead of messing with Lamar directly though it’s causing everything and everyone around him to collapse 😭
If there was ever a moment to prove everyone wrong and shut down all of the doubters. To solidify oneself as possibly the best quarterback (Other than Mahomes) in the NFL. This Thursday night game against an undefeated division opponent with the whole nation watching is Lamar's chance to prove that.
"When having a 14-2 season (with Lamar sitting out 5 quarters) while breaking several historical league records and a unanimous MVP award is considered a *fluke*, nobody will show any more respect after winning a game Thanksgiving night."
"Lamar proved everyone wrong last year and now they're pretending like it didn't happen. The only thing that will win respect for Lamar is playoff success. But who cares about respect, let's just beat the god damned steelers for gods sake."
"Until we beat the Titans, I don’t care about anything else we do. I hate them more than the Steelers now."
"This team just lost to a Titans team that had an OL made of half practice squad players, and now is worse and missing more people. 

Optimism and fandom isn’t a substitute for quality players."
"I agree.  Lamar has had a few chances this year and the team has come up short in addition to him.  He will get more chances like this one.

At the end of the day, people don’t care about injuries.  The titans were missing more than half their o line, clowney, their top corner and safety."
""
[removed]
"I got the shotgun, you got the briefcase."
""
"God why did it have to be us? I just wanna watch Lamar juke people and the Steelers to be denied 16-0, is that a crime?"
"I agree. Between injuries and covid it’s not looking like our year. I’ll be watching tomorrow, rooting for the ravens but I just don’t see how we can win.  I do look forward to seeing another win interview with Tucker eating that drumstick! :) if not this year than next year."
[removed]
"Hey ya'll,  remember in 2015 when the Ryan Mallet led ICU Ravens beat the Steelers who were in a must win game?? 

Remember in 2019 when the Ravens clinched the #1 seed and trotted out their back ups against the Steelers who again NEEDED to win??

Who the f cares about our injuries? Who cares about the last few weeks? Fuck the Steelers, Ravens play different when they see that ugly ass yellow and it's going to be a good game no matter how many guys have to sit out."
Steelers are the worst 10-0 team of all time.
[removed]
Haloti Ngata once broke Ben Roethlisberger's nose and the thing Roethlisberger was most upset about is that a broken nose doesn't cause a limp.
"I'm ready to watch Justin Tucker and Lamar Jackson socially distance enjoy a Turkey Leg after open up a can of whoop ass on the Steelers. 
GIVE ME A HELL YEAH!"
The Steelers have only played two legit opponents and got lucky in both of those wins
Remember that time when Chris Boswell tripped while attempting a game tying field goal against the raiders?
Hines Ward is a dirty bitch.
Time to bring out the yellow colored toilet paper again!
Thank you - fuck the Steelers we about to turn this bitch around
SHITTSBURGH Squalor
"My Christmas wish is that this is the game the Ravens turn it around, the offense is hitting on all cylinders, the defense pummels Roethlisberger, everyone's giddy on the sidelines, and Tucker kicks a 68-yard field goal just for shits and giggles at the end of the half.  Fuck the Steelers."
"We beat em with our backups last year, time to do it again."
This could be the 2020 version of the 2019 Seahawks game. Let’s win and flip the whole story of this season
Good luck this week. Should be a great game. Looking forward to it.
FUCK THE STEELERS!!!!
imo Tomlin should have been permanently barred from the league for tripping Jacoby. No possible way it was unintentional. You don't reform from that. He was actively trying to interfere with a play AND injure a player. That shows an incredible lack of character and a Homelander level of [I can do whatever I want](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1acPmBM7tC0). Shit human.
Shitsburgh Squeelers
Joey Porter is a punk
If Ben Roethlisberger's sexual assault charges happened in 2014 or 15 instead of 2008 or 9 he would have been dropped from the league harder than he was when Bart Scott leveled him in 2006
"fuck big ben - an old co worker had a story of him. long story short he went to play golf at the club he worked at, got upset that he had to pay and said ''do you know who I am'' - then proceeded to not tip any caddie or any waiter when he had food.

&#x200B;

And he is a rapist. Everyone knows he is a rapist. Fucking scumbag piece of shit. 

&#x200B;

Fuck that dude. If I was in the same room as him I'd take his knees out. Fuck that guy from the bottom of my heart."
[deleted]
"been having chats about the steelers, i gotta give em props. they’re the worst 1-0, 2-0, 3-0, 4-0, 5-0, 6-0, 7-0, 8-0, 9-0, and now 10-0 team i’ve ever seen. that’s gotta be some sort of record right? fuck shittsburgh, refs helped them with their win over us. LETS FEAST THIS THANKSGIVING FLOCK"
Fuck the Steelers and fuck the terrible towel. FLOCK GANG BIG TRUZZZ😈😈😈
"Knowing our rivalry and our division, the game is going to be a close slugfest. No matter how depleted we are, we have a chance. The Steelers aren't going to go undefeated, why not us on Thanksgiving Night then?"
Fuck the Steelers!!
Fuck TJ Watt and his roided rage
Steelers fans are still in denial and believe their rapist QB isn’t a rapist
FUCK THE STEELERS!
Fuck TJ watt
Fuck the Steelers!!!! Big Truuuuzzzzz!!!
"I yelled out some shit to a Squealers fan during one of those games, and he came back, full of beer muscles, and started beefing with me. Then, the entire section saw what was happening and were yelling for his head. He literally had people lined up in the aisles waiting to get to him. 

Fuck every thing in the world colored black or yellow."
Bruh we don’t need another copy pasta used against us
"I was rocking with this post but that Ben shit is really, really distasteful.

It always shows the kind of person you are when you have to make comments like that. Do you know how many people that call Ray Lewis a fucking murderer and a thug? Despite the fact that he beat the charges and there was no proof. 

Its just really scummy. Fuck the Steelers but that was classless & unnecessary. Downvote away."
We SteelersK AROUND HERE
[deleted]
Check out my podcast !!! Episode 2 https://anchor.fm/baha2020/episodes/DOOM-DOOM-DOOM--The-Baltimore-Ravens-entered-the-season-with-high-expectations--now-fall-to-6-4-emui3b
""
""
Naw I believe in us man this was a good meme tho
Do you have the source for this video?
This post makes it seem like a lot of 12 year olds visit the Ravens sub
[removed]
""
🍻 cheers to Mo. 💔
"Hey, Steelers fan, here... 

I knew about the Ravens honoring him, but didn't know the whole story until I read this. Touching story, great kid.

Respect..."
Mo Strong
Balti-MO!
Love that kid
Im a Steelers fan living in Baltimore and I just cried through the espn article.  What an unbelievable kid.
I miss his infectious laugh.   Miss ya Mo
Not watching tmr if he got covid
"This sub has become Twitter for some fans.

Edit: we know about as much as you do. And to say you won’t watch if there is no Lamar shows exactly the type of fan you are."
"In our 5 win season in 2015, didn't we win both games against Pittsburgh with basically everyone injured, including Flacco in the 2nd game?"
[deleted]
Someone call Josh Woodrow
""
"I'm just hoping for no more injuries, anything else is a bonus"
"Its frustrating because we actually dominated a lot of the first game against then, but still lost. Ravens definitely can win but need to get their shit together."
"I am going into this game fully expecting to get our Shit absolutely fed to us, but I am hopeful considering how horrendous of a game Big Ben had against us during our first encounter. As long as we can get a turn over or 2 and actually complete some passes we will have a chance. The run game will work and be there even without Dobbins and Ingram, but I set my expectations extremely low for this one...

I will also be at a Thanksgiving get together for this game and fully intend on getting shit faced prior to kick off so all the pain hurts less."
"In our defense, Steelers have a tendency to play down to lesser opponents. While that usually earns them a loss to shitty team a couple times a year, maybe it will work in our favor tomorrow. Big ravens fan btw, but also a realist- if we lose horribly, at least we have turkey to drown our sorrows."
I am fully expecting a loss because I think the team just has so many things going against it right now. I just hope its a classic close game.
this became outdated quickly
Game moved to Sunday
"The Steelers have had a couple impressive wins, but for the most part they’ve had a pretty schedule"
Meme no longer relevant. See ya’ll Sunday.
Who's got the thanksgiving turkey with the ravens logo photoshopped on it just laying around waiting. Yeah I'm a ravens fan but I also enjoy a good meme.
"Definitely an appropriate meme regardless, but I’m still not convinced the Steelers are a truly great team, honestly. In 5 or 6 of their 10 wins, they were either trailing late or had leads that came down to the wire. Many of those being against genuinely crappy teams, and all of that while having an incredibly easy schedule. I couldn’t possibly be convinced that they’re on KCs level, and I’m not convinced they’re a better team than us if not for all the injuries"
"I’m not sure why but I feel like we’re going to win this matchup. We really did handle them last time despite the score. If we had 3 turnovers instead of 4, we probably win that game. 
We get Phillips back on the line so that helps. I feel like the defense will play a lot better and it’ll be a slobber knocker of a match. 14 - 9 we leave Heinz with a victory."
"*November 29th, 2020 Ravens"
[removed]
[deleted]
""
[I guess it might help to add some actual context.](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/28165665/ravens-marcus-peters-rams-jalen-ramsey-involved-postgame-spat)
"This was one of my favorite games of all time. Never have I seen one good team demolish another good team to the level we did that game. Prime time, wild stadium, incredible uniforms and total domination.

Boy, what happened..."
[deleted]
"Cities have all kinds of weird ways to define their boundaries. Both metros are around 2.2, 2.3 million."
Hahaha we’re the bigger city in the better state. We been better than them
In what way is a post involving Pittsburgh AND math fun?
[deleted]
""
"This is a double standard going on here... absolute bullshit. 

Anyone remember when the NFL postponed the Titans Steelers game? They decided to postpone it after 5 players and six staffers on the Titans tested positive.

Source: https://www.cnn.com/2020/09/30/us/titans-steelers-postponed-spt-trnd/index.html

As it stands currently, the Ravens have 5 players and 4 staffers that have tested positive.

They don't want to postpone this game because its a Thanksgiving primetime game.. simple as that. It's all about the money, but I'm sure you all know that.

Fuck the NFL, fuck this BLATANT double standard, and most importantly, FUCK THE STEELERS.

Edit: They finally decided to move the game to sunday! Hopefully that gives us enough time to get healthy."
It seems like once it’s infiltrated a team it takes awhile to disperse.
"If this game wasn’t a thanksgiving primetime game - or if the 10-0 team had all these positives - there’s NO CHANCE the league wouldn’t postpone. 

The NFL is an abominable organization that somehow manages to do the absolute worst thing at any given time."
Steelers fans would be crying their ass of for a postponement if it was them.
I’m starting to think wondering why they are playing in a deadly pandemic is a factor for some teams not looking like they’re into the game.
"Playing this game is irresponsible, unfair, and a disservice to both the Ravens, Steelers, and their fans"
"More like ""Ad Revenue Safety"""
"A lot of people rag on the NHL but they had a 3 month period of games with 0 positive tests.

NBA was similar and they actually tossed someone for violating the bubble.

Idk if a bubble is the answer but this season is a sh*t show and the NFL isn’t adapting."
I guess we should have expected this.  Steelers are one of NFL’s cash cows when they are on in prime time and Thanksgiving night on TV is one of the NFLs biggest pay days.  NFL is not going to postpone this particular game unless the whole team tests positive.  BS!
"F\*\*\* the NFL, F\*\*\*\* the Steelers - if it wasn't for the Pittsburgh Golden Boys the NFL would have pushed this game out.

But nooo - can't let the Shitburghers skip a prime time game - because it's all about the money and the NFL hates the Ravens because they're the bestest team ever.

THEY HATE THE RAVENS AND IT ISN'T FAIR!!!!!

Edit: They moved the game to Sunday - hey, you guys need to check out the Steeler threads - what a bunch of crybabies LOLOLOLOL"
NFL doesn’t give two flying fucks regarding the players own goddamn health. You really think the league’s also not out here “persuading” refs under the table  to make certain calls against certain teams in certain games.. bullshit.
Man we as a subreddit need to stop bitching. Sucks we have a group of studs that can’t play but whining about a double standard isn’t gonna do anything but make us look like a joke of a fan base. Tomorrow night isn’t gonna be amazing for us but we gotta strap up and play ball when the whistle blows and that’s what matters.
"It got postponed, so stop crying lmao."
"Without Dobbins and Ingram tommorow, perhaps it is time for the chosen one to rise again

Edit: Apparently after a free agent is signed there is a six day covid waiting period before they can join the team. Solution: Tell Goodell we signed Buck last week cuz he is a friccin moron"
It’s time
To the Top
"Buck ""Buck Allen"" Allen"
His name is Buck and he likes to...
"Without a doubt, I'm ready to get bucked again"
Sign him friccin morons
Buck “Buck ‘Buck Allen’ Allen” Allen
DeCosta you know what to do...
"Fun fact, 
at one time I may have had the biggest Buck Allen trading card collection in the world
(Another guy had an equally impressive collection but I’m sure mine was more extensive)"
I thought I was getting bucked again.
He shouldn’t sign here. He’s already done it all in football. Rushing and receiving records. Even pancaked Aaron Donald. 1st ballot HOF’er. He’s got nothing left to prove
[deleted]
"if only these people could hear themselves. 

***

posted by [@GeeDee215](https://twitter.com/GeeDee215)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EnrHa3xWEAAI662.png) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
"Can they only recognize it in other ravens or is this why Poe likes to glare at Tomlin ever since his claims ""he just didn't know where he was standing"""
Lose truzz*
"I hope we put a whooping on the Steelers but I can’t help but still be salty about the Titans game, how you gunna be a team that hasn’t accomplished anything, knocked US out the playoffs, and come in our house and disrespect us of the bat out of nowhere, the Steelers wouldn’t come in our house and do that shit. Anyway, let’s hope we turn this season around boys, we play better when we’re the underdog."
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
"• They had to wait 3 years (exactly 1/4th of the time Baltimore had to wait) for their team to come back and they knew they were coming back almost immediately 

• Baltimore had to wait 12 years and was basically told to fuck off multiple times 

• the team that we got from Cleveland was really bad for the first 4 years in Baltimore 

• It’s not our fault that they couldn’t turn year after year of top 5 picks into a contender

• they got to keep all of their history

• What the actual fuck did they expect Baltimore to do? Say no? If it wasn’t us it would have been somewhere else! Modell wanted the hell out of there. 

I would actually feel sympathy for their sorry ass team if their fans would let up the bitching"
"How do we, as the fans, have anything to do with the moving of the team?"
"We took their old team and made them champions. We won a Super Bowl in our 5th season as a Franchise. The Browns been trash for 20+ years outside of this year. Deep down they are envious that the Ravens is what they always wanted the old Browns to be, Champions. If the Ravens were routinely 2-14 every year and had no Championships would Browns fans care? Nope. Success = Hate."
"That calahil guy only posts to cry about the Ravens. I gotta say, I do take solace in his 20+ years of misery."
[deleted]
Victimhood is their only identity. It's what they live for. It'll never change.
"honestly who even cares at this point. theyll never be a real threat until they can create continued success with consistent coaching and players. their organization has been a revolving door of mediocre coaches and players with a losing mentality. if their fans want to gloat cause they finally have a winning record, go for it. if they want to trash talk their division rival, go for it. it means almost nothing and isnt worth paying attention to"
Who gives a flying fuck what that factory of sadness says about us?
"It's been 25 years bro, let it go. It's been 37 years since the Colts move, most old-school Colts fans I know have moved on. Most fans of the Ravens weren't even alive when the Colts moved, and we're getting close to that with the Browns move. We're certainly past that point with the Browns subreddit, given the average age on reddit is 23 years old. If you're being bitter about something you weren't even alive for and that had been rectified by the time you were old enough to speak full sentences, that's just sad.

You got your team back *and* you got to keep your history and colors. We can't say that, and neither can Houston, LA, St. Louis, Oakland, or any other city whose team moved. (Well LA sort of can since the Rams moved back but that took 20 years to happen) Let it fucking go bro."
They just managed to get a Browns QB to be the QB with the most wins at their own stadium. Thats how sad they are
"To be fair if i was a browns fan outside of this season i would be angry all the time as well, absolute poverty franchise"
"“I would have been all for them getting an expansion team.” 

We tried that in ‘94 and got passed over for Jacksonville and Charlotte, dumbass. We tried to get a team back legit, only for the league to tell us to “Build a museum” instead of use our plans for a stadium complex.

If Irsay got to move his team, why couldn’t Modell? No owners voted against the Colts move to Indy, but once the Browns were rumored to be leaving for Baltimore, the Rooneys in Pittsburgh had to step in and talk to the league on behalf of Cleveland. Funny how they did that for Cleveland but not for Baltimore."
Cleveland Browns fans wear suspenders and glasses to appear fashionable. They wear beanies with deep v neck t shirts in the middle of summer.
Your life is pretty good if losing a football team is one of the most traumatic moments of it
"Fuck all these brown motherfuckers.who get brown nosed when they lose. All of those bitches man ( drunk, don't pay me mind)"
"Baltimore tried time and time again to get an expansion team, but Tagliabue denied us time and time again.

So you can blame the commissioner for cock-blocking a prime market and making it so that the only way this market could be filled was by relocation. Sucks it had to be your team, but it's not like we weren't trying everything to get an expansion team."
"Oh for the love of god, fuck you Browns fans. You get to keep your records, Baltimore didn't. That right there is why you suckheads should be happy. But then again, anyone living in that shithole will never be happy."
"Lmao imagine still being so butthurt to complain about the picks you had at expansion when you literally also had (only mentioning multiple 1st/2nds from 12-18):

2 1st rd selections in 2012
2 1st rd selections in 2014
2 1st rd selections in 2015
3 1st rd selections in 2017
2 1st rd AND 2 2nd rd selections in 2018

In that 6 year timeframe they also had 6 top 8 overall picks, and 2 1st overall picks.... the Ravens have literally never had the 1st overall pick in their franchise history (highest ever was T-4),  and in that same franchise history picked in the top 8 overall only 4 times, half of what the Browns had in 6, far more recent, years.

....and yet they still think they have the unfair disadvantage of being a transition team over 20 years ago 😂😂"
"Thought on this **potentially** happening? Could be a possibility with the COVID results

EDIT: Watching SportsCenter right now, it was confirmed postponed to Sunday"
I think it's getting pushed to sunday
People will complain regardless.
[deleted]
"we can enjoy turkey day no matter what and have a short week for cowboys instead

edit: i stand corrected."
Is it bad that I am relieved?
Calais Campbell pat mekari and Matt skura added to Covid list today. This is the right call
"Tough to feel good either way here. This is the right call given how many players/personnel are positive, but it is still a tough matchup and there's no guarantee that our guys will be 100% by Sunday. And then Cowboys on Thursday. Like that's a winnable game but on a short week with more covid positive players and injuries it feels like a game that could go south for us. I wish there was a way to feel confident in the team right now but it's hard to feel confident."
"Not sure why people are upset, this is a good thing"
"Gotta be the whiniest 10-0 team I’ve ever seen

Edit: if your 10-0 team is so good why do so many of you still waste your time lurking on this sub to defend them"
Credit where credit is due: the NFL chose player safety over ad revenue. Pleasantly surprised.
I was excited for tomorrow but this is likely the right choice.
"Steelers fan coming in peas - definitely disappointed that the game got moved although would rather play a healthy Ravens squad. 

I think most of my disappointment comes from the fact that I now likely have to lose to my aunt in scrabble after dinner instead of watching a rivalry game. She’s very good."
Those that mean we’re still undefeated on Thanksgiving?
The Steelers fans and players complaining about this are 🤡. Would you prefer that your players get sick?!?
Had to be done. Surprised they actually did it
"It sucks it had to be moved but it's the right thing to do medically. Squeezing the game in tomorrow after not having enough time for the org. to figure out all positive cases and close contacts is only asking for potential outbreaks, opposing team included. I know we all wanted to see the game tomorrow, and I know the Steelers are going to whine about it being moved (cue the conspiracies), but I'm sure there would be a lot more whining going on if an outbreak occurs as a result of rushing this game."
"The amount of backlash the NFL is getting to keep players safe and prevent the virus from spreading is pretty sickening. Who the hell cares if we don't have a Thursday Night Thanksgiving game, this is about player safety."
"Health wise, this is obviously a good move. You want to see who else pops positive.   


Football wise, it sucks. Because, more people are probably going to pop positive after thursday that could have played thursday."
Steelers players getting on their high horse over this on twitter. Fucking hate that team.
Everyone that's on the covid list is still going to be on it this sunday.
Now I won’t have to throw up all the food I ate
Well my plans just changed. Kind of good now not to be stressed and worried about a game. Let me stressed sunday
"All the positive testing people can’t play Sunday either, right? Don’t see the big gain here.

 Who did we have that was just out due to contact?"
Now my thanksgiving won’t be ruined
I’m very surprised they did it. They will lose a lot of viewers and they are leaving 4 shit teams to play on primetime during thanksgiving
"It takes five days for contact tracing. It’s the right move. If the NFL didn’t do this it would be a terrible double-standard just to keep the prime-time matchup.  Pittsburg is gonna complain, but it’s not like Ingram/Dobbins are getting off the COVID list and it’s also keeping Steelers safe."
"as a UK fan, get the fuck in"
We begged for mercy and our prayers were answered! 🙏
Never heard of an NFL player complaining about an extra few days off before 😂😂short weeks and less rest make players more injury prone
Steelers fans actually want their team to get covid
Playing the Cowboys on a short week when we don’t is gonna be bad. Ouch.
"Only Steelers fans would complain about getting a longer rest with a **10-0** record. This isn’t about losing a prime time game, it’s about losing an easy matchup against an **infected** team."
"Dirty Steelers fan here... I fail to see how this is a positive for you guys. Really thought steelers would've loved this decision and ravens would have hated it but it seems to be the other way around. Besides being able to practice one day (saturday, not sure about friday cause I thought incubation is 5 days max and first positive was sunday night) and a little extra rest how does this benefit you guys? Please don't be snarky I'm actually curious."
"It seems there’s a large population of Steelers fans that believe we owe them a forfeit as if we moved the game, we would have fielded a practice squad team if we needed to and still whoop ass lmaooo"
"Steeler fans are a bunch of whiny kids. Guaranteed theyd bitch if they made them  play with their players n Covid list. ""Waaaah my undefeated team is being forced to play with players out with covid. Waaah theyre not let us play a team with half the team out with covid"" 


Pathetic."
This is good for us to get close contacts back hopefully but damn was really looking forward to it being on Thanksgiving :(
Now we get two Thanksgivings!
Had to be moved. But damn did I want to watch this game tomorrow even if we were missing some players due to covid.
"This sucks, but it is about protecting lives. If Steelers players and fans want to complain and think they should get a win via forfeit, what does that say about them?"
Nope. We deserve Sunday night treatment if it must be moved. Force the SNF game on Thursday to make up for the lost game on Thanksgiving because of the money lost by the league.
Glad we're spared another prime time embarrassment.
"Where I’m most confused is like this is probably a good thing for Pittsburgh long term too, isn’t it? If we played tomorrow with players that had Covid but hadn’t yet tested positive, it increases the chance a Steelers outbreak happens, no? Pushing it back a few days decreases the chance of that happening right? The same players still can’t play, Pitt gets these few days to prep for a relatively tough opponent (us) instead of playing us on a short week. I’m genuinely lost as to why so many Steelers players are crying about this besides the fact they took away a primetime game, but that should frustrate both teams equally.

If the roles were reversed and my team was undefeated I would much rather the postponement happen to decrease the odds of my team getting Covid from exposure to the opposing team. Also, Covid is bigger than football. People blaming the “Rat Birds for getting diseased” is beyond childish."
"I had to miss this game to watch my nieces play online.... I was a bit cranky about it.

Thanks Roger!"
Makes for a better game for sure but I really think they should be having teams forfeit games instead of kicking then down the line. Not so bad for a Thursday game but they're putting everybody under pressure I think.
So we can get Williams back as long as he doesn’t test positive right?
"Damn, Steeler fans over on rNFL are SALTY. They really think the league is out to screw them over lol"
Thank God! It was about to be a massacre
"Im kinda sad, was really looking forward to tomm"
"Hurts our chances against Dallas, helps our chances against Pittsburgh. Though I would have rather just gotten this game out of the way...delaying the inevitable, in my opinion."
Is this even enough time for anyone to come off the covid list?
I’m honestly surprised the NFL just doesn’t give the Ravens a W because it’s obvious they hate the Steelers and will suck Jackson’s dick to pimp him out to sell more jerseys. NFL $$$$
FUCK
Holy fuck no way...
Let this be a lesson to people not taking the virus serious. We were in for a dope game on thanksgiving and it’s ruined because your team doesn’t take this shit seriously. Sad
"gotta say... i think its quiet a coincidence we suddenly started getting covid before the short week. i think our team is using it as an excuse to get extra rest and figure their shit out. we all had that feeling that we were going to get smashed and embarrassed again. think the titans are going to have a lot of shit to say the next time we play them. something along the lines of ""we beat you so bad you cried covid on the next game"""
"NFL protecting Lamar Jackson?  Fuck this is the only time I can watch the Ravens play this year!  Ravens players who were not able to play tomorrow game due to covid or injuries should not be allow to play on Sunday or else this whole season is a fucking joke!  I'm not a 49ers fan but they didn't do that for the 49ers while they were missing 9 players due to covid!

Seriously FUCK THE NFL!"
"Steelers fan coming in peace. It’s not upsetting because we wanted an easy game. It’s upsetting encause of obvious inconsistencies in the nfls reasons for rescheduling. The 49ers were left out to dry on their Thursday night game. They set a precedent and broke it. But, This is the ultimately the right move. It’s just frustrating"
[deleted]
Fucking sucks.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's being moved to Sunday
Dont know what else this could be about 🤷‍♂️
""
Couldn't be Lamar's passing this year....
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thank God. Now we may have a fighting chance.
[deleted]
I'm both happy and kinda sad
"Yeah it’s kinda blue balls but it’s definitely the right choice from a safety perspective, and probably better for us. 

We were going to have to rule out several close contacts - hopefully those guys continue to test negative and we can get some guys back"
""
They would have had to find people on the street to play it sounds like.  Yikes.
"But guess what, they’ll probs have more players with covid in three days. I feel like this is just dragging on the inevitable."
"So does this confirm Skura and Mekari were deemed close contacts, or did they test positive?"
"The \#Ravens would’ve been severely limited on the offensive line. Sources say they were set to rule out multiple players because of close contacts, including centers Patrick Mekari and Matt Skura. The NFL tried to play the game as scheduled but had to make the change.

***

posted by [@MikeGarafolo](https://twitter.com/MikeGarafolo)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[deleted]
"If he tested positive, he won't be able to play until he clears the protocol."
No the ones who tested positive still miss 10 days regardless.
He has COVID. So no.
"You’re capable of reading that article, but not understanding that he doesn’t get to play while having Covid? Impressive."
What good does that do?
"It will allow close contacts to play if they continue to test negative, so it could be quite a big deal actually"
"3 days rest vs the Cowboys on full rest 

So they still get screwed"
"Allows more time to see if the Ravens got their outbreak under control, so they don't give it to the Steelers or spread it everywhere they go.

More specifically, allows the game to be played considering we had positive tests yesterday, and if I were the Steelers I'd be calling the league bc I don't want my team to get it...which is probably exactly what they were rightfully doing."
""
"I hope Campbell is OK, he mentioned before signing with us, that he considered opting out due to a  medical condition"
None of them can play Sunday either right?
"Oh ffs. Dline and Oline, the only place we can’t afford any more losses. Of course the wr’s don’t catch it"
And thats just todays list. Cant imagine what the roster will look like by sunday when they figure out the close contacts etc. dont see how this ends well for us.
"It's looking like Bradley Bozeman will have to shift over and get the start at the center, where either a returning Tyre Phillips or rookie Ben Bredeson takes his spot at guard. Otherwise UDFA Trystan Colon-Castillo gets the nod, keeping Bozeman at left guard and meaning either Will Holden, D.J. Fluker or even Phillips starts at right tackle.

The last thing the Ravens needed was having both of their lines getting more setbacks. The other (scary) thing is that this isn't probably it. We're just going have to wait and see if any other player tests positive from here to Sunday."
The Oline on Sunday is going to be brutal. I don’t even want to watch the Steelers Dline go against it.
So how does moving it to Sunday actually help. Won’t these all be inactive then too? Or is it just to allow more time to see if there are any more cases rather than have players potentially play tomorrow with Covid?
How we gonna play football sunday do we even have 5 lineman?
Ah shit not McSorley
"Do we even have a someone listed as a third center on the depth chart?

Is Cox going to figure out how to pistol snap in the next few days?"
So these guys can’t play against the steelers or cowboys right?
Oh the linemen int he middle that the running backs run behind got covid and often fall into whod have guessed.
Ugh
Dobby is no longer a free elf :(
I read somewhere Skura and Mekari were close contacts not COVID positive.
All that patchwork OL will end up doing is get Lamar hurt.  Steelers DLine will be cheap shot hungry with the OLine that we are going to send out there.
There a chance Lamar might have it or come out positive in the next few days because both centers have gotten it now.
"Two RBs, two defensive front, two offensive front; you could hardly pick a worse selection. Oh well, next man up I guess."
"I saw another tweet that implied Skura and Mekari were just close contacts and would have sat out tomorrow for that reason

Lots of little pieces of news coming out, I'm sure we'll get more solid info throughout the day today"
My man Trystan Colon-Castillo better be ready to ball. Our offensive line is hanging by a thread.
Even football god Trace McSorley? COVID has gone too far.
Our receivers can’t even catch COVID heyyy 👉🏻👉🏻
""
The Steelers fans are big mad. They’re forgetting that the players are people too. We’re having an outbreak and it could spread over to them
Do we know what time the game is moved to? They said afternoon but didn't specify 1 or 4.
Shocked they did the right thing and pushed it back.
"So this will allow more time for contact tracing and positives to show up, which is better for everyone from a safety standpoint. It doesn’t help players who have tested positive (min 10 days isolation) but it might allow some of the close contacts to play (5 days of negative tests I think)."
Couldnt this potentially be even worse for us if more players test positive between now and then? Steelers fans sure are dumb if they’re upset about this move.
It’s annoying we get our bye week taken away cause the Titans can’t follow protocols now we get our prime time thanksgiving game taken away because the ravens can’t follow protocols. I agree with the decision it’s still annoying nonetheless
[deleted]
"I definitely get why they're all pissed, but come on, we're dealing with a pandemic here. What do they want, for us to rush through protocols and put infected players/coaches out on the field so that PIT also gets hamstrung by an outbreak?"
I’m confused like do y’all want Covid? It’s for your safety!
These type of complaints were always going to happen if the game was moved. I wouldn’t even give it the time of day. Let them Moan. It is what it is.
Who cares fuck all of them
"I don't like that it had to get moved, but it did have to get moved."
"They're too stupid to understand the reasoning even though it won't make much of a difference. I hate how if they win their heads will get even bigger saying ""the ravens had 3 more days to prepare and they still lost"" meanwhile the same players will be out. They'll literally be bragging about beating a depleted team. Fuck they're all so stupid."
"Yinzers disappointed they don’t get to watch their 10-0 squad beat up a bunch of fourth-stringers in prime time on Turkey Day with the whole Yinzer fam.  Makes perfect sense.

But this is absolutely the right decision to prevent the outbreak from spreading to the Steelers. Actually being pissed about this is insane."
"So he’s complaining about how we can’t get our act together about Covid and now he’s not allowed to share a field with players who may have been in close contact with other players who tested positive? Yeah real bright, fucking idiot."
It’s quite telling that they’re mad they don’t get to play our practice squad. They prefer an easy win over a fair game
[removed]
[removed]
Okay?
Someone is scared
Game is postponed because you guys cant stop kissing each other.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Every single fanbase, no matter the league or team, thinks the league screws them"
"Shocking, considering they were so courteous when the Titans game had to be rescheduled.\*"
"I get being disappointed by losing a prime time game. Do they really want us to show up at their house tomorrow with an unknown number of positives, though? It takes days to test positive. You can be negative in the morning and be contagious by evening. This sucks, but it helps them too."
Like how all the ravens fans were complaining the past two days about the nfl?
"sure, every team is biased but if y’all can’t comprehend how our fan base and team would be upset with our original bye week being taken away and now a prime time game against a division rival which would have allowed us a mini bye week, then you’re a bunch of smoothbrains."
"I mean, I get why they’re upset but **** happens. 

I’m going to guess the Steelers fanbase wasn’t up in arms (a decade ago?) when the Ravens were forced to take a Bye in Week 2 and they beat us in the playoffs."
[removed]
Why should we forfeit exactly? As far as I know we didn’t do anything to knowingly further the spread
You’ll get over it little guy
Username checks out.
Why are you mad?you still facing a depleted team
Gtfo of here. We are doing everything in protocol and players were still testing positive
I would tell you to go fuck yourself but I’m pretty sure you’d be disappointed.
"Or... How about... Fuck you and more importantly, Fuck the steelers"
K
""
"i love these, love your own logo as well haha"
The smiley faces LOL
"Lol corny dog, thats cute"
Always loves these
"First the Steelers lose their mini bye that they kinda needed to rest for the next part of the season. Don’t have much sympathy for them because they’re still a super bowl contender and also the Steelers but I understand the frustration

Second, Cowboys and Ravens play on TNF, and the Cowboys will be all rested up for it while the Ravens would have the normal short TNF break. We need to win all of our last few games to make the playoffs so this is bad for us too

So let’s just all agree that while we kinda needed this game to be postponed because COVID, it’s bad for all of us"
It sucks. COVID sucks. 2020 sucks. It is what it is.
"What part of “you don’t want to get Covid” are y’all not understanding. This is a ridiculous risk to take when you know there can likely be positives at the game not yet detected. It sucks to get Covid, that’s what sucks."
"Cowboys still suck, even on a shortened week for you guys that should be a win"
I’m not sure why they postponed the game given than none of the ravens can play on Sunday
Pittsburgh is getting to play a depleted team that went toe to toe with them the first time instead of one at full strength. Hard to see how they're victims here.
Lmao Nobody's worried about Dallas
"They'll need to play the hand they're dealt. If they hadn't lost winnable games, they wouldn't be in this fix."
Its absolutely fucky.
Postponing the game is good for both teams because we don’t spread Covid that way.
I marked this down as an L anyways. Now we have even less time to prep for the Dallas game. The last 5 games of the season are more important than this Steelers game imo
Ravens get starters back... How is that an even trade off for Pittsburgh lol
""
This postponement makes no sense. We're still gonna be missing to lineman. Cambell better be ok ISTG bruh
"Postponement is just to protect the players from any late Covid positives. Some they said were just detected as late as today. 
No one that’s positive can play sunday."
"Who can come back isn't the point, the point just to make sure there's no other positives before the games played. We're still going to have no O-line, I don't get why the Steelers are so upset."
Not many guys which is why it’s stupid for all these steelers players and fans to be mad. Not like the ravens are getting anyone back. By doing this the nfl is protecting the players. There’s no other motive
"Campbell was positive so hes is def out. Bwill might be able to because he wasnt positive and i think that means he can come back in 5 days from monday, but not sure if he can go anyways with that ankle. Any way you shake it ou, we will be severely depleted on the lines"
It’s so players that are gonna test positive thru the weekend don’t infect Steelers players
Williams was only a close contact
Williams will have time to test negative 4 days in a row now.  If he's healthy enough to play with injury
The cancelation has absolutely nothing to do with letting us get players back. It's about making sure the virus is under control before the game. Having this many positives a day before the game is not under control.
I think at this pt tests are going to keep coming back and even playing Sunday is in jeopardy
Its 10 days they have to be on so really no one
I think Williams has a chance. Maybe McPhee?
No one can. The NFL already announced that.
If anymore positives this game could get moved to week 18. Therefore fucking the steelers even more and helping us make the playoffs. I want it just for the pure salt of the steelers fans and players.
Source?
Counterpoint: Week 18 could also mean an even more injured Ravens team playing a 15-0 Steelers team looking to clinch a perfect season and the 1 seed.
So.... you want more positives and more people to contract a virus?
"Lol week 18, this Sunday, next year, doesn’t matter, steelers shitting on baltimore"
[deleted]
""
As much as I want it I think the first round is going to be invested into the offensive line
"The offensive line will be fine once Stanley comes back. Besides this team is much better at drafting good OL mid rounds versus receiver mid rounds.

I don't believe this WR class is as stacked as last year's so it will be crucial to get a good one early"
"Very much so, I'd be ecstatic if we ended up with either Smith, Bateman or Olave."
I think he's the best fit for us of any receiver in the draft apart from Ja'Marr Chase.
"I’d rather pick IOL because it’s a need and we can’t develop wrs for shit, but if we were to take a war I think Bateman would be a realistic pick and good fit for us"
"His name sounds too much like Breshad Perriman. 

Bust confirmed"
"Most of the ones that I know(live in PA) don't even believe in the virus. So cancelling this game is really tough for them to comprehend. 

Anyways

Fuck the Steelers."
They’re crying all over the internet lol
[deleted]
Imagine being undefeated and crying this much 😂😂😂
"Even saw one of them call the Ravens ""NFL darlings"". The Ravens? Seriously? What a bunch of dumbasses. We will still be hampered and missing starters come Sunday"
I work in healthcare and it's fucking scary how many of my COWORKERS don't care/believe in covid. Nobody is immune to stupidity sadly.
"As a Steelers fan, totally agree. Fan base full of crybaby pussies who would be saying the same exact shit if the game was played tomorrow and there was an outbreak with the Steelers next week."
"Nah, fuck em and their whiny, entitled fanbase"
"I'm a Pittsburgher. 

Yes, this is true.

Fuck the Steelers"
I already can't stand Claypool on the highest level. This man could be cut and join Baltimore tomorrow and I'd still not be able to listen to his immaturity
[removed]
Whiny. Little. Bitches. Fuck the Steelers. CAAAAAWWW!!!
"This is funny because it’s truly the ultimate ‘fuck the Steelers’- we played on Thanksgiving more recently than they have, I’m sure they were really looking forward to this one😂"
I feel you man. I’m a ravens fan from PA too and I have to travel all over the state for work. Believe it or not there are some good ones out there but also a lot of what you would expect.
"Steeler Fan Coming in peace, we would honestly rather play the full ravens team because this is the best rivalry in football end doing it with one hand tied behind either teams back is bullshit. Do I hate the ravens? Absolutely, but I do respect them and you all have a great organization  worthy of having a rivalry with the Steelers :-)
PS I pray all the sick and wounded ravens get well soon, it’s only football

Ps x2 We are well aware that the virus is real the fact there’s only gonna be a few thousand people in the stands confirms that."
I feel that steelers fans are flat earthers. Fuck em all.
Fuck that ugly piss looking team that is the steelers.
I’m a Ravens fan living in Pittsburgh(rough I know). Can confirm. Steelers fans do not believe in the rona.
"How the fuck, are there people dumb enough to think this is all just a regular flu season, or a hoax?"
I’m in PA and married to one. Luckily by now he knows better than to cry around me!
🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬fuck the SHITTSBURGH Squalor
you’d think they’d be relieved. Less odds of player Ravens player infecting them. So ya no Thanks4giving me Covid but you’d think they’d want their team healthy to continue being undefeated. Crybabies
Yo Ebron is the worst tho. He barely does anything
"I refuse to be nice to steelers fans.  I have a bet for this regular season and im clearly loosing badly.  So no, there will be no Ms. Nice girl here!!"
I feel like the only reason the fans are even upset is because the players are so fucking stupid and announced their displeasure on twitter
Big Ben is already frail and half broken this year. Last thing he needs is some covid-19.
Pittsburgh is a liberal city. The ones that don’t believe is the trumptards in the cornfields
"""We love being the bad guys."" - Terrell Suggs"
Real Question is what movie: regular or adult film should I watch instead?
You probably live in Philadelphia....that's not the real PA.
Lmaoooooo
"You are right about fans and players who think this wasn't the correct decision to make, but you can't fault people for being frustrated that this happened to the Steelers twice and not to any other teams.  It's nobody's fault really and it's just poor luck, but you know damn well every other team, including the Ravens, would be frustrated if this happened to them.  Also most of our fanbase are not the whiny Yinzers you're referring to, so there isn't really a need to be a dick about it."
Pittsburgh voted blue you moron.
You're so upset about how the season has fallen apart that you've taken to insulting the citizens of an entire state. Sad.
SMH the Ravens just can’t take care of their shit. Never have been able to.
"The virus is real, the reaction is bullshit.  Nowhere in any pandemic playbook ever written does it say to close the world for year.  There are alterior motives"
"See, this is one step closer to having our Playoff Bye taken away. The Steelers have already practiced this week, so they don't have time off. I don't blame the Ravens for having COVID, obviously. But what happens if the Steelers or Ravens get more positives Sunday? If it's not under control by Sunday, I think the Ravens should do the tough, but hard choice and forfeit. We have both already had byes. You can downvote me for this, but I want the players healthy, not at the expense of fucking a bunch of teams over, though."
[deleted]
"You should be forced to play or forfeit.

If the Steelers had 12 starters down the NFL would make us play"
""
[deleted]
okay
Classic idiot Steelers fan. Gtfo here and stay in your sub🤡
Are you like 10?
Do you feel better now that you said that? Do you feel like a man now?
You realize the ravens didnt delay shit. The NFL did.
""
"I don't wish that on anyone , enough  depressing medical news in the world"
Got a mirror? Canada
Yo gabba gabba is a really underrated childrens program
[deleted]
Thats your first problem u listening to sports takes on twitter and facebook hell even reddit is a cesspool these social media apps are a meme and should be treated as such
"I literally don’t understand how fans are saying the Steelers are “getting fucked” by the NFL. They have no covid cases, no major injuries besides Bush, the easiest strength of schedule in the league, and are undefeated. They get to play a Ravens team with 4 olinemen and no dline racked by injury. How the fuck are they the victim here? Jesus Christ nfl fans have become fucking insufferable"
"As a Steelers fan I just want to say I agree that the fan base especially on social media can get a bit toxic but combine the already toxic internet with sports and that’s what you get unfortunately. 

As for the game, I’m not really upset that it’s been moved as long as it gets played. What I’m really upset about is fucking Goodell changes his mind on what the appropriate course of action is every single week. He and the league have been flailing their arms about hoping for a miracle and zero positives among players or staff since the beginning of the season. They had no plan in place over the summer and it’s hurting pretty much every team now. Hopefully that’s something we can agree on. COVID sucks for everybody but the league and Goodell have handled it just so fucking poorly it hurts"
Your first problem was going on Twitter.
I think it would be different if the Ravens followed protocol. But they didn’t. So it’s costing the Steelers twice in one season because another team didn’t follow protocol.
"Fans are fans, no fan base is really different than any other. I live just outside of Baltimore, so I see both sides of things.  Some agree with the change, some will grumble, and some will be indifferent. The Ravens fans would do the same, they are human too.

I think the Steelers get the short end of the stick, but that is how life is. The problem is the consistency of decisions in regard to anything in the NFL, there is none! What does worry me is the fact the Steelers typically do well in prime time games, not so much on a lazy Sunday afternoon.

The pandemic has the world turned upside down for sure, and it is becoming really good at bringing the worst out of people. Of course I want the Steelers to win big, regardless, hoping for a game with no injuries (except for maybe the Ravens having more bruises than the Steelers afterwards) and no Covid transmission."
"While I’m pissed that I don’t get to watch the Steelers play a prime time game on Thanksgiving, moving the game to Sunday was the best of shitty options.  Even though it screws up what was planned to be a pseudo bye week starting tomorrow, I’d rather have that than risk key Steelers players getting sick because a Ravens player has it but has yet to test positive and they decided to forge ahead in the interest of TV ratings and $$$.

That said,I’d like to point out, the strength of schedule argument so many seem to be bringing into this really has nothing to do with this conversation.  

And even if it did, the Ravens and Steelers play the exact same opponents for 14 out of 16 games.  The only differences are that Ravens played KC and NE and the Steelers play Buffalo and Denver.  So yeah, KC is obviously a tougher draw than Buffalo, but it’s not like there’s a major difference between Denver and NE this year.

And, there’s nothing magical about schedules.  They’re dictated by rotation of divisions on the schedule each year and those other 2 games are dictated by where teams finished in their divisions the prior season.  The only variable is how much teams improve or decline from one year to the next."
"Steelers fan here,
I'm fine with the NFL moving the game. It's a pandemic and it's better to be safe than sorry. On the flip side I can also understand why players are frustrated moving games multiple times this year and affecting bye weeks or extended rest weeks.
Week 4 became a ""BYE"" week after the Tenn game was postponed but they practiced the whole time so there wasn't the rest involved in a traditional BYE week.

Then Tomlin planned to let the players rest after the Thanksgiving game til the following Wed to make up for the lack of a BYE but now it's not possible."
"they almost lost to the cowboys and they were acting like they blew them out 63-0, i fucking hate them we need to beat them"
"Fuck the Ravens, Fuck Baltimore. We should be kicking your ass tonight. Too bad your dickhead players got the cold."
[deleted]
"They could throw a 50 yard DPI flag on the first play of the game on Sunday, I mean they’re going to do that anyway we’re the most penalised team in the league"
I kinda hope so. The way the players and staff wear facemasks on sideline is laughable. No way they’re not like that off-camera too. They need to learn
"Unless we've violated a protocol, I doubt it. The titans pretty much ignored some protocols, and nothing happened to them.

With that being said, they need to tighten this ship up, because this pretty ridiculous."
"They will certainly do an investigation and should get fined and deducted a late round draft pick if found guilty but I doubt this is a situation like the Titans (hosting team activity) , Raiders(hosting an event?) or Saints (post game celebrations) where they all willingly broke protocol"
Hopefully not a draft pick
"Marlo was photographed in restaurants etc, without a mask.  Before the hate: if I made millions from my athletic ability I would not be going out in public - it’s like parking your Bentley on the street, shits gonna happen."
[removed]
[deleted]
"Everyone loves to hate us even if it’s not Lamar. Last week yeah Lamar missed a key throw but he wasn’t causing the defence to choke at the end of the game

Fuck what they think were riding with Lamar"
Because they think the NFL is easy and even the worst players aren’t freaks of nature athletically
I'm not saying Lamar is the only problem but if you think that he and the offense hasn't been figured out you must not be watching the games.
"It's really difficult (and a probably a little pointless IMO) to make any judgements with so many injuries, no fans, rearranged schedules, no preseason, limited practice. This season is a unique one, for better or worse, and I think it's going to end up being an anomaly in the broader course of things."
Lamar has hands down lost us games this year. Can’t blame him for pats loss that was a toss up but the other three losses this year Lamar has played horribly. Lamar doesn’t have one game winning drive on his resume(unless you count overtime fg against San Fran last year) we can’t win a Super Bowl like this. He plays horrible in every big game he has ever been in.
""
Anyone feel like this guy runs his mouth a ton for someone who really only flashes occasionally?
He's a fucking idiot
"All these steelers guys are entitled bitches. There is a global pandemic, sorry the world doesn't revolve around gameday. I'm bummed to, and I'm sure our players are, but they arent doing all this extra shit."
Lol @ all the Squeeler fans in here downvoting everything
"Yes. Dude’s on his 3rd team, bet he can’t wait to be one and done in the playoffs this year"
"Context for this post? Should I look at his twitter or somewhere?  


Edit: Nvm found it. Wouldn't be surprised if he was an anti-vaxxer. He sounds like some of the dumb cunts from my high school that became anti-vaxxers. Shitheads were out and about protesting when we were in a hard lockdown."
Fucking draft bust
""
This is nowhere near the same situation... We could have played that 2015 game with children as our starters and Buck still would have lead us to victory.
"Still pissed that Jimmy Smith pick six got called back, if only Courtney Upshaw lined up on sides...."
""
Got em!
"You’re a fucking savage, every steelers fan and their mother right now is lurking

I love it. Talk about efficiency on the play"
#HA! GOT EEM
Oh fuck u got me I was just gonna lurk
[removed]
"As a Steelers fan, I’ll have to agree shit franchise aside."
Shit franchise with no direction? What?
Thats called a Yinzer
""
"He grew up a Steelers fan, what do you expect at this point"
Lowkey mad about it... this is understandable  I’m just upset about how if  manage to win on Sunday Steelers fans will say only because we got 3 extra days to rest and prepare. Not like it matters most of our players are still out I just hope we win.. I would be ok playing tomorrow with our 2nd string players Ravens never give up when it comes to playing the Steelers
The guy swallows Pittsburgh constantly
"""ItS AlL JoHn HaRBaUgH!"""
"Over the past few weeks, I've been trying to see where exactly the Ravens O has gone wrong. Of course, it's multiple factors. While looking for nuggets in Lamar's stats I stumbled onto an interesting numbers trend. Looking at [PFR's ""Advanced Passing""](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/J/JackLa00.htm) you can view breakdowns by play type. So here's what I mean:

(I am using the week 10 stats to project for the duration of the season, these numbers are naturally subject to changes and variance depending on how the ravens continue)

**Total RPO attempts**

* 2019: 173
* 2020: 103 (165 projected)

**RPO pass attempts**

* 2019: 77
* 2020: 48 (77 projected)

**Play-Action attempts**

* 2019: 163
* 2020: 67 (107 projected)

**Total Pass attempts**

* 2019: 401
* 2020: 276 (441 projected)

**Total Non-PA/Non-RPO Pass attempts**

* 2019: 161
* 2020: 161 (257 projected)

As one can see, the nature of the passing offense has seen a solid shift. It seems like the coaching staff was ready to ask Lamar to create and do more with his arm and he has not responded well. I haven't added them, for brevity, but Lamar's numbers have shown regression. His accurate pass percentage is down from 76% to 74.5%. Though his decision making may be better as his bad throw percentage has lowered from 17.5% to 16.9%. **However**, where Lamar has seen regression, he's seen substantial improvement. Take a look at the effectiveness of these plays.

**RPO Pass Yards**

* 2019: 588
* 2020: 476 (761 projected)

**RPO Pass Yards/Attempt**

* 2019: 7.6
* 2020: 9.9

**PA Pass Yards**

* 2019: 892
* 2020: 456 (729 projected)

**PA Pass Yards/Attempt**

* 2019: 5.5
* 2020: 7.6

**Non-RPO/Non-PA Pass Yards**

* 2019: 1,647
* 2020: 1,016 (Projected 1,619)

**Non-RPO/Non-Pa Pass Yards/Attempts**

* 2019: 10.2
* 2020: 6.3

So it seems that where Lamar has regressed in areas he needed to improve, he's more than improved in areas of strength. This begs the question: What the hell are the Ravens doing? I don't want this to descend into a Roman hate post. There are many natural factors at play here: Lamar was sitting in many fourth quarters so it was natural his pass attempts in Non-Pa and Non-RPOs would rise, the team is getting fewer yards running on first down which also raises the Non-Pa and Non-RPO attempts, and the ravens were so successful in PA and RPO that teams are gearing up to specifically stop that. 

Yet, ""raises"" might be too generous, the ravens straight drop back attempts have [ballooned.](https://ballooned.To) To top it off, even if defenses are intentionally trying to stop RPOs and PAs, they're not doing a good job at stopping them since Lamar is not only more effective but more efficient. This is even more confusing when you consider the Ravens are a stunning [18th in PA pass attempts](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/years/2020/passing_advanced.htm) while being 3rd in RPO pass attempts. Though it should be mentioned Lamar trails Patrick Mahomes by 6 attempts and Kyler Murray by 32 attempts.

Let's talk about those guys since there seem to be some belief elite QBs don't rely on PA. Well, Rusell Wilson comes in at 8th most with 92 attempts, Murray and Mahomes are tied for 10th most with 86 attempts. 

So what gives? I really did not set out to dunk on Roman or cover for Lamar and I can make another highlighting Lamar's issues (more mechanics based), but seeing these stats was so mind-numbing that I just had to share them with you. After all, a lot of RPOs and PAs does not just make you automatically good just look at Cam Newton (9th in PA attempts) or Carons Wentz (4th in RPO passes and 5th in PA attempts). It just confuses me that a team with a running game as dominant as this, and forget last year like even this year it's still an elite run game, seems to outright refuse using that run game to aid its passing. Especially since Lamar is more effective in that style of passing. 

Teams may be more prepared for it, but it feels like the Ravens are more effective at stopping their PA and RPO pass offense than any defense. To both Jackson and Roman's credit, [we have had more drops in 10 games](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/J/JackLa00.htm) (Go to ""Advanced Passing"" and click ""Accuracy"") than we did all last year. Either way, draw your own inferences. I hope this sheds some light."
Great write up!
This straight up blows my mind. Why are we doing this to ourselves.
"Good job displaying the numbers, but you're right - they show a correlation, not necessarily a causation. 

Some things to consider with the results we're seeing on offence:

- Once-in-a-generation Yanda retiring
- losing a second TE receiving threat to trade
- decline of Ingram, likely not fully recovered from his injury
- Decline of Skura at C especially after he hurt his finger (bad snaps)
- Even Brown has declined, despite the supposedly healthy foot and lean mass gain. 
- Adding to the declines, we also have lack of stepping up by other receivers. Snead was always good and still is, but Boykin hasn't stepped up. Duvernay has shown some promise
- Add in the subsequent losses to injury: Ronnie Stanley is a HUGE loss which makes the Yanda loss an even bigger deal. 
- Losing Boyle is huge, he was known as one of the best blocking TE's in the game, and he can also catch. 

TLDR: Fire Roman?"
Nice to see some validation to what we've all been seeing. almost criminal how this offense has been run
"Yup. They’re running a worse offense than last year scheme wise with much worse players (Yanda, Hurst, pretty much Stanley all out)."
"I think that the offense has had to incorporate more straight drop back passing to continue to build the complexity of the offense and to further Lamar’s game. 

At the same time, we have not invested enough in our WR room to make this a strength, and the passing concepts are less than ideal. We do not attack multiple levels of depth and force defenders into making a decision - which is what we do with our run game so well.

Lamar also has his fair share of blame, mechanics are inconsistent and he forces the issue. 

I think if the team wants to make playoffs, we have to play like we did in the 2nd half of the Colts game or for stretches of the Titans game. Run the ball, get Lamar involved with his legs, and accept the risks while the D does it’s job. 

There is no quick fix, and the only solution right now is to put Lamar in harms way which is part of what we’ve been trying to avoid with this offensive shift. We simply are not good at throwing the ball, and are not forcing stacked boxes like we did last year. 

If next offseason we acquire some better WRs, then we can do this drop back experiment again. I don’t think it’s purely a Greg Roman thing but he’s obviously the first to blame. Harbs needs some accountability too because he has failed to hold his coordinators accountable in the past"
"Some high quality, insightful research here. You could write articles on the side, get your name out there."
"I know you said you didn't want to turn this into  a GRo bashing post,  but that's the only answer to your main question as to why the disparity. There is no other place to lay the blame for this debacle of an offensive season than at the OCs feet."
""
""
This whole years been one fat Madden curse 😂😭
Sounds about right!
[deleted]
Does that mean we get Tirico? That’d be pretty cool
"Woah, I didn't think it'd still be broadcast nationally. But it makes sense, NBC wouldn't want to lose that game."
"I was kinda hoping it wouldn’t be nationally broadcasted...
Looks like the practice squad gotta Put in some work"
""
Tucker misses kicks?  Sounds like fake news to me
🐐
""
"Seriously, why are they mad? This is to protect them from a Covid outbreak. The Ravens still don’t have this virus controlled yet and staff/players could be carrying Covid right now. These players cry about how the “NFL isn’t protecting them” and yet call it a “joke” when they move a game because of a high Covid risk.

Update: More Raven players are being placed on Covid IR list giving the steelers a bigger advantage than they would otherwise this Thursday."
"Steelers fan here, I am not mad because now the ravens will (hopefully) probs be healthier come the time we play. I’m mad cuz I’ve been looking forward to this game for 8 months. Thanksgiving night is the best game of the year. I don’t care if we were playing you or the jets. Just having the 5pm thanksgiving game would’ve been awesome."
[deleted]
"They're 10-0 and their fans are throwing a fucking fit. It's disgraceful, honestly."
What happened to the “we don’t care” mentality such cry baby’s
They wanted to be able to take advantage of the Ravens injuries
Let’s just play and be sure to give them Covid. Clearly it’s what they want so we can do it with a clean conscience.
I can’t wait till we stomp there fucking face in
"The only way that Steelers players should be pissy towards us is if a report comes out showing Ravens staff/players violating COVID protocols. Otherwise, I guarantee you if the game was still played on Thursday and Pittsburgh players got COVID they’d blame it on Baltimore."
"To be fair, they haven’t had a bye week since week 4, the long week could’ve helped them out."
I think this guy forgot about week 13.
"Steelers fan here. Upset game got postponed because it was really the only worthwhile game this Thanksgiving. That's my reasoning, I can't speak for others."
"Because the Steelers would have had some extra time off after the game. Are you guys that stupid, or are you just blinded by your steeler hate?"
Funny how the Steelers literally get help from the refs every week yet they feel like the NFL is against me them. Such a limp dick fan base
"Think about it from a Steelers perspective-

The NFL has moved games and not moved games based on positive tests and been ""inconsistent"" in applying it. I type it in quotations because the NFL has been consistent in the sense that the Ravens don't know the extent of the outbreak fully and the NFL doesn't want to infect another team. The Steelers are probably viewing this as the league giving the Ravens extra time to figure out the situation and adjust, which would be unfair.

Their bye week was taken from them, essentially, because they practiced and prepared all week for the Titans and the game was moved very late. Now, the Steelers would have had 10 days rest and only get 7. They'll play a game and get right back to work instead of very likely getting the entire weekend off before returning Monday. 

Lastly, these players were probably thrilled to play a Thursday night, primetime game against the Ravens (their biggest rival) on national television on a holiday where watching football is almost ritualistic. They probably were very hyped to be THE game that night, but now they're relegated to being one of many 1 o'clock games on Sunday."
""
Has Harbaugh ever purposely gone onto the field to interfere with a player returning a kick?
Harbs is the kinda guy you want to have you back in a dark alley.
[deleted]
"And neither of them are Ngakoue! Fingers crossed we hold onto that higher pick. 

And of course congrats to Marlon Humphrey (CB) and Chris Board (ST) on the early leads. 

Full list can be found here:

https://twitter.com/JayMorrisonATH/status/1331724963045396481?s=20"
"Death, taxes, and justin tucker getting disrespected"
Chris Board being one of our leading Pro Bowl vote getters is very 2020
Terrell Bonds getting snubbed smh
""
If you’d ask me to name our two on this list in 50 tries I don’t think I’d have ever gotten Chris Board
The Tucker disrespect. Getting beat by a four-eyed dweeb.
Justice Hill deserves a special team vote for how he's been playing
"Leading Pro Bowl vote getters by position: 

***

posted by [@JayMorrisonATH](https://twitter.com/JayMorrisonATH)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ens8xruW4AAAPmN.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Isn't Canaday one of the few actively bad long snappers?
I will never understand how Tucker does not win this every year.
""
""
This guy any good?
Super Bowl here we come
"""The Baltimore Ravens have disciplined a staff member for conduct surrounding the recent COVID-19 cases that have affected players and staff at the Ravens."""
"https://twitter.com/tompelissero/status/1331736798515634184?s=21

If true, why only discipline? Fire this clown now."
"They're saying he had symptoms and didn't tell anyone, while also breaking protocols.  Get this dude out of here."
Send his ass back to Planet Fitness.
"Hate to say it, but Steelers players/staff have every right to be upset now. Stupid and irresponsible by that staff member, you risk the season and other people’s health by not following protocols."
"Steelers fan lurking, which I know isn’t cool. But y’all are a good bunch. Expected some excuse making but nah. Appreciate y’all. Get fucked on Sunday though"
"what a fuckhead. not believing covid is a big deal to you personally is one (stupid) thing, but for him to break protocols and not wear masks and withhold symptoms knowing an outbreak could derail his teams entire season is so mind bogglingly selfish that he needs to be fired immediately"
Harbaugh this is literally a gift for you to move on from one of your incompetent staffers. You can even do it under the guise of discipline to make it an easier pill to swallow.
Hope they had fun because they probably ruined the season
"The team as a whole should be pissed, including the players who now will miss games thanks to this."
"Fire this fuckin idiot. Part of doing your job is following the rules of your workplace and he just chose not to do it. That's bad when you're not putting others in danger, but now he infected like a tenth of the team. Fuckin absurd"
It seems like this should warrant instant termination of employment.
"Whelp, does this mean the ""team"" broke protocol? If so, I guess snow we expect some penalties.

If we lose draft picks, this guy should lose his job."
Strength and conditioning coach? Clearly hes already shit at his job with how many injuries weve had. Fire him.
"This is such bullshit, Steelers and their fanbase have every right to be upset (and I feel gross for saying that, but its true)"
"I don't care if it's fucking Lamar, if anyone at all in this organization conciously hides symptoms, doesn't follow protocols, and still comes to work putting others at risk, they need to fired immediately."
Fuck that dude. The man nuked his own team for no god damn reason.
Fuck this guy
Fire him. Tonight.
"Not going to dox the guy, but apparently one of the conditioning coaches has a twitter where his feed is basically only him voicing his displeasure with covid restrictions for schools and sports.


Edit. And apparently this guy was not on the field Sunday, per @JeffZrebiec who thought it was odd."
What an idiot. Mark Andrews has diabetes and is high risk. Just wear a damn mask
Well at least it wasn't a player
"Fire that motherfucker right now. He put this entire season in jeopardy, and more importantly put people's lives at risk, by choosing to break policy and be a moron. That shit is unacceptable in any company, it's unacceptable in an nfl team. He should not be allowed back to the facility."
"who ruining our good name

i just wanna talk real quick"
what the fuck this dude deserves to be fired
"Where’s he at, we just want to talk 🙂"
Fuck that guy. Time to find a new job buddy.
Can him and make him pay for the lost revenue from the special Thanksgiving game.
Fire his ass.
JFC
What did they do spank him? Wonder who was out clubbing
"I've always wanted to believe that the Ravens were end-to-end a great organization, but this entire chain of events is making me question it. A first-class organization would be able to recognize the risk of COVID to the team's success (and health!) and impress on both players and staff what they need to do to avoid risks. That would include not going out to eat at restaurants and bars, masking up whenever possible, etc. 

Between Marlon and now this, clearly the Ravens have failed miserably at this challenge. Were they worse than other organizations or were they just unlucky? We'll probably never know. But today I learned we're not as smart an organization as I would have hoped."
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Amazing
Getting Corona Virus to own the ~~libs~~ Steelers
We do not care about postponements and things of that nature.
If Steelers fans could read they would be pissed
https://youtu.be/0NpzVqPvfFU
"Like really, Aww you’ve been inconvenienced by the same pandemic everyone else has been inconvenienced by? How sad. They act like they are the only ones who wanted to watch the ravens and steelers play on thanksgiving"
I hope the outbreak isn't too bad and no one is seriously damaged
"So is game going to televised on NBC?  You now have 2 games on NBC for the same time on Sunday night.

I looking forward to the Thanksgiving game, but you know it will a really short week, because you have the Cowboys on 12/3."
Lmao I love this
Best coach in nfl
Very original
[deleted]
"John Hairballs statement of the covid pandemic and protocols:

WE DO NOT CARE"
Coming from the biggest cry baby coach there is 😂😂
[removed]
""
I refuse to read anything where the owner can’t buy a bloody domain name.
[deleted]
A series of unfortunate events
"Dude, where’s my Lamar?"
Dazed and Confused
Outbreak
Remember the Titans :(
Contagion
"And fuck the Titans (for what they did to the shield)


But also fuck the Steelers"
Also fuck the staff member too
My first thought was “now isnt the time for this” but its always the time for this.
"Harbaugh would spin Vrabels jaw too the backside of his head, he didnt want that smoke. Standin on the shield like a buncha jabronis, really fuck dem forever."
They weren’t the ones to break protocol 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
""
"OL grades and notes vs Titans, including:

* Mekari's move to center
* Will Holden's first play at RT (spoiler: he was good)
* How Matt Skura has a share of the responsibilities that previously went to Nick Boyle."
Who do u think will take over at Center if Mekari and Skura are out?
"There are 3 possibilities at center...Bozeman, Colon-Castillo, and Bredeson.

I don't think it will be Bozeman, because he's been very consistent in his ability to pull and the Ravens need that.  I don't have a handle on Bredeson vs Colon-Castillo, because all of that would be practice based and we did not have a preseason to go on.  Given the recent difficulties, I would guess whoever can snap most consistently gets the job."
"Hey Ken, this episode's guest is certainly knowledgeable but I don't think he really matches your style. Towards the latter half of the episode I tended to fast forward over his tangents."
[deleted]
"Curious, so we aren’t getting the player who tested positive on Sunday night/Monday back until at the earliest Thursday (Cowboys game) but the ones who were close contacts, if they test negative everyday and on sunday they can play?

Williams at the very least would be a huge player to have back!"
"They wanted to play the practice squad so they weren’t embarrassed by us pulling off an upset. 

It’s obvious they’re threatened by us - regardless of our struggles - with so many people calling for loss of draft pick and some even calling for a BAN. LOL. Salty ass Steeler fans, as usual. “Waaaaaaaah we’re 10-0 and SO SCREWED”"
Bc they're losing a primetime game and their schedule is being shifted yet again due to other players/staff not listening to the rules.
[deleted]
"Steelers fan here. I think most are mad because the Steelers were going to treat this weekend after the Thursday game as a mini bye week, since they were forced to lose their very desirable mid-season bye week when the Titans game got shuffled due to a COVID outbreak in the Titans locker room.

Which actually compounds the issue, as now it looks like two desirable weekends are being lost due to other teams' failures to prevent outbreaks (right or wrong, I'm not passing judgment on anyone's ability to follow protocols).

I'm happy the game got moved to Sunday. The last thing I want is for this amazing season to be jeopardized because a bunch of our guys got COVID."
The only acceptable reason for them to be upset is because now their team doesn't play primetime on Thanksgiving. Any other reason doesn't make any sense. Their team now gets more days to practice and nobody who wasn't going to play for the Ravens on Thursday is going to play Sunday.
"If you think this is bad, you should’ve seen the shit fit they threw when the titans couldn’t play them and they lost their oh so precious mid season bye week, one of the most entitled franchises i’ve seen to be honest"
U guys are all ridiculous the reason we’re upset is because this is the second time a incompetent team ravens and Titans has ruined our bye week first and now our thanksgiving game
[removed]
Steelers players just wanted a “bye week” since they got “screwed” out of one. Their fans are just stupid
"For starters the Steelers lost their bye week early in the season when the Titans got covid cases and the NFL postponed/rescheduled the game. They took their bye in week 4 instead of week 7.

  
Now fans are pointing out that the [49ers had to play a Thursday night game vs the packers](https://www.49erswebzone.com/articles/142450-nfl-reschedules-ravens-steelers-covid-19-concerns-which-league-didnt/) that was not postponed.

Bottom line inconsistencies with the NFL decisions and the Steelers scheduled getting changed twice."
Man this is like when they stop the count when Trump was ahead.  This is shady as hell.  I bet some of Ravens players will be back on Sunday as false positive.
""
[removed]
""
Calais Campbell would be unstoppable at rugby.
"""What a legend"""
[deleted]
[removed]
"I'm more concerned with how many more positive COVID test we might have. Hard to imagine the oline, backfield and backup QBs have it and Lamar doesn't. So I'm just gonna hold my breath for a bit."
Hmm
All jokes  aside we do still have a realistic chance at beating the Steelers sure we might be bad  but people are acting like our team is the 2016 Browns or something and we have 0 shot at winning. This isn’t the one sided packers - Bears rivalry this is the Steelers - Ravens rivalry anything can happen Steelers almost beat us with a 3rd string QB last season. We got a chance boys
""
Fuck the Steelers.
I miss this era in football
"I know hindsign is 20/20 but I wish we went this route in 2019...

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbssports.com/nfl/draft/news/seven-round-2019-nfl-mock-draft-full-breakdowns-for-all-32-teams-with-34-trades-and-all-the-picks/amp/"
AJ Brown or DK would've been a better pick over Marquise just because of the physicality and the way the offense runs.
the only player that is good there is DK tho
The average fan is better at evaluating WR talent than our GM.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k16d8l)"
Bruh we won’t make the playoffs
:(
You guys won’t make the playoffs 😂😂
[deleted]
Fuck the Steelers and all their degenerate asshole fans.
"Just like the Ravens ""fans"" who sent death threats to Matt Skura's wife.

We should ignore it bc it's just attention seeking and recognize there are a lot more decent people who are Steelers fans than those that aren't, just like the thousands of Ravens fans who smashed Skura's $5,000 goal towards [his charity](https://pledgeit.org/mattskura) in less than half a day which is almost up to $12,000 right now."
"There’s two personalities to all Pittsburghers. 

1. Nice people, normal everyday joe

2. Football people, assholes about everything.

Fuck the steelers"
"The sub is being attacked by trolls. Just give 'em a downvote, report if appropriate, and have some sympathy. This is their idea of joy; it's a sad life."
"I tried to point out that the NFL was actually protecting the Steelers players and their families by moving the game and players like Juju were fucking morons for being upset about this. 

Apparently playing football in a pandemic and exposing yourself to people who are known to be infected makes me a crybaby like our head coach and causes me to be from a trash city with a QB who can’t throw. 

Maybe I’m wrong though, I mean is there any evidence that you can get Covid if you’re a mouth breathing shitstain? 

Can the CDC get back to me on that?"
"As a Seahawks fan, I too, say, fuck the steelers. I mean no harm just an innocent lurker. Sorry about the loss but I am honestly rooting for you guys to take out the steelers!"
Steelers fans can suck my Fat Cock 8===:D
"As a Titans fan, I too, say, fuck the steelers. I mean no harm just an innocent lurker. Sorry about the loss but I am honestly rooting for you guys to take out the steelers!"
"If the situations were reversed, Ravens fans would be doing the same thing. If you think they wouldn't, you are wrong."
Bunch of crybabies. Ravens are not even going to make the playoffs.
Ravens fans talk more shit about the Steelers than Steelers fans even talk about their own team
[removed]
""
"I think Titan fans suck, nothing new here. Us vs Everyone else"
I honestly haven't thought of this.
Who tf cares? Stop crossposting other teams bullshit over here.
How many rings they got?! LOL FOH harbs has more than their franchise
Nothing they got every fucking right to disrespect us. Fym they clowned us 2 times in 1 year. Until this soft ass team does anything about it teams can keep on disrespecting us.
"The titans came into our house 2x in the past calendar year and beat us. Their fans have the upper hand in this case. 

At the same time, I don't care about the titans or their fans. The playoff loss sucked but I didn't feel like the titans took anything from the ravens. I felt like the ravens underachieved on their own. The last time I felt any type of hate for that franchise was in the early 00's.

That team doesn't scare me at all. What scares me is the ravens looking like a mediocre club atm."
I think the Titans are disrespectful and the only way to fire back is to make a push in the playoffs or beat them.
I think they'd be behind Harbaugh if he wa their coach just like they're behind Vrabel. It's how fandom works.
"I could care less lol, they beat us twice in our own home, they can make fun of us if they want"
honestly to me it’s weird i couldn’t ever see myself making that meme lmao
"I dont really care about it, we've been public enemy number 1 for like 3 weeks now. Only being somewhat serious for any lurkers"
Don’t really care. Honestly I agree that it was lame to be upset about it.
"They can make all the jokes they want. Their team has come into our house twice, mocked us twice, and beat us down twice."
The Titans are a poverty franchise and they always will be.
""
"Some of you may not like it, but this is what peak leadership looks like."
i love that guy so much. that’s my qb
I really wish we did :(
LJax funny as hell man 🤣
"Honestly that’s my kinda leadership, sometimes the over the type “this is our destiny” type shit is just so corny."
God Damn it. If they won that game I would be posting this clip EVERYWHERE.
""
I’d give my right nut to go back and re-live last season
Way less than two seasons. Really just about one season’s worth of games.
How much you want for it?
ONE OF THGE MOST GIFTED PLAYERS EVER DOESNT HAVE THE MENTALITY TO WIN
[removed]
People treat this sub like their own personal journal.
You could have shitted your pants and it would have been less embarrassing then this take. Never do it again
[removed]
""
Lol I like this one...
Covid alone is a valid enough excuse not to visit anyone.
Weird it's like we already are living with one that rescheduled the game to Sunday
I’ll never be able to do this with any Steelers fans
"HARD PASS, I will never dap up a Steelers fan, fuck them"
My in-laws are Steelers fans.....
""
Ugh the struggle is real.    I'm in the same boat with my custom Orioles/Ravens painting signed by Ray and Cal.   I soo badly wish I was wealthy soo I could help you out and let you keep it...    I know words won't help but just know you aren't alone!!
Damn that’s an amazing piece too. But regardless stay positive brother when there’s a will there’s a way 🙏🏽
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k18kqc)"
"Titans are just a trashy organization, they showed that in pregame.

Atleast there is some resemblance of respect between Ravens and Steelers"
"I dislike the Titans cause they’ve gotten the best of us in a heartbreaking way recently. 

But no matter who our competition is or the new team that gives us problems is every few years, I will chant from any rooftop Fuck. The. Steelers. 

I don’t care how good or bad they are, I don’t care how good or bad we are. I don’t care if the stakes of the game are low or high. Fuck. The. Steelers"
"The Steelers are a well run, respectable organization and I think tomlin is a good guy. 

Vrabel is a douchebag who still uses steroids as a coach and that organization is fucking trash."
"Steelers always. Unless something crazy happened. 

For example, the giants are the dodgers biggest rival so it’s always FTG but what the Astros did put them in a whole new circle of hate."
Literally can’t even choose one or the other at the moment considering we just lost our “revenge” game against the Titans and are playing the 10-0 Steelers right after. FUCK THEM BOTH!
"Steelers over the Titans. I don’t care what the circumstances are I will always cheer for or root against them and then when it’s Steeler week I just want to win the war at all costs. Fuck the Steelers! 

Titans were an obstacle for us in the late 90s/early 2000s and I slept on how much those games/rivalry meant from the early AFC Central days and fast forward to this era and they’ve got our number the last two games."
"i'd say the titans.. not sure who said this but since the loss this past weekend i came across i forget who said it and i'm not trying to lay it on the doorstep of the titans but someone or the other proclaimed that the titans and ravens are shaping up to be a budding rivalry in the making and the responder points out that for it to be a rivalry the other team meaning us has to win some games against them (titans) as well. like we are not capable of beating them. 

do people besides us recall the mcnair george ray jamal and company days of old where we had an intense rivalry?"
Steelers always
mike vrabel has a very punchable face
"Right now the Titans.

They’re one of two teams that are clearly living in our heads rent-free"
I hate the Steelers and Titans about the same. Our losses against them hurt me a lot more then our loss against the Chiefs. ☹
The Titans organization has given the Ravens some really good players that have given us success. Their fans aren't nearly as annoying as the Squeelers and their Jerseys are way cooler than the Squeelers. If they aren't playing each other the titans are alright. I just wanna see them lose to the Ravens like any other team. A good blowout win would ease my frustrations.
"Alright lets look at our remaining games:

* Week 12 vs the steelers, lets be real I expect us to lose this game
* Week 13 vs the cowboys Lamar tested positive on 11/27 this game is on 12/7 he might be cleared, even if he isn't I think we'll have enough of team back in time to win this one its the cowboys, they suck, we win
* Week 14 vs the Browns, they are very good, I think we can win but lets assume we lose just to be safe. 
* Week 15 vs Jaguars they are 1-10 chances are huge chunks of our team will be healthy, the Jags suck we going win
* Week 16 vs NY Giants they are 4-7 and suck we are going win
* Week 17 vs Bengals are 2-8-1 and their star QB is out of the season we got this

So in the next 6 games we have

2 hard games, Steelers & Browns. Its almost 100% certain we lose to the Steelers (Although we might win) lets assume we lose vs the Browns.

Then we got 3 what I would call the easy games

Cowboys, Dak is out

Jaguars, they are having a crap season

NY Giants they are having a crap season

Bengals are having a crap season and just lost their franchise QB

I think we are going to finish 10-6 and get the 7th seed. Now the NFL does have the option of expanding the play offs to include an 8th seed if they do I'm confident we'll get into the play offs. 

Also if we beat the Browns in Week 14 (entirely possible) we'd get the 6th seed

We aren't going get a bye week, that ship has sailed, but we are still likely to get into the play offs."
"At this point I'm content with not making the playoffs. If we make the playoffs then it is what it is but until the vaccine comes out we're just spinning our wheels. Every playoff team will have an increased risk of an outbreak. At this point we're playing with fire, and I just want our players safe."
"100% fine with not making it. This year has been deflating. I'd rather have the mildly higher draft pick than be embarrassed in the first round of the playoffs again. Hell, missing the playoffs makes it more likely that we get Roman out.

Rebuild and try again next season."
"Have fun, RELAX, and just go for the ride. Owner has already talked with Harbaugh and staff, they are just trying to make it out of the season in 1 piece. This season was fucked to begin with."
"This analysis doesn't take into account the teams we would be battling for wildcard spots, which is extremely important.

Currently ahead of us: Browns (8-3), Dolphins (7-4), Colts (7-4)
In play: Raiders (6-5)

The Browns most likely losses are: Steelers, Titans, (Ravens)

The Dolphins most likely losses are: Chiefs, Patriots, Bills

The Colts most likely losses are: Steelers, Raiders

The Raiders most likely losses are: Chargers, Dolphins

These teams play each other so at least one will get another loss for sure.

If these estimates occur that leaves their final records: Ravens (11-5), Browns (10-6), Colts (10-6), Dolphins (9-7), Raiders (9-7). 

If the Ravens lose to the Browns, they swap positions. The 3rd wildcard is extremely favorable to the Ravens this year. However, they need to beat the teams they should beat. They have a head-to-head advantage against the Colts, which is also huge this year. The Raiders and Colts have easy remaining schedules and could steal a win but it is not likely they will finish above 10-6, which would match the Ravens conservative estimate.

TLDR; Ravens need to take advantage of the easier schedule and will most likely lock up a wild-card spot in the final week of the season, barring a total collapse (fingers crossed)"
"What makes you think the cowboys with dak out are any worse than the ravens without Lamar, Calais, potentially Williams, Skura, Mekari, Ferguson, Ricard, Stanley, Boyle, etc"
"I’d be surprised if we didn’t make the playoffs since we play four scrub teams still. However, this was a AFC Champ/Super Bowl or bust season with very high expectations, so I mean who really cares if we sneak into the 7th seed and get to play KC first round lol"
"IDC about making the playoffs. This team isnt beating any of the Super Bowl contender teams.

I just hope that the front office will not let the staff use Covid as an excuse for this season. We had half a season to make adjustments and none were made. In typical Harbaugh fashion, we have to be forced into changes rather than adjusting on the fly. ( A consistent theme over the years)."
"Just looking at the past it seems like the ravens are just not capable of finding the best talent in the draft or they just aren’t capable for developing that talent. Probably a little of both. I think this season has shown there are many positions that need to be strengthened on this team. Offense line definitely needs to start rebuilding after losing Yanda. Tight ends should get back to their 2019 form with three solid guys who have their own duties, but are all capable of either blocking or receiving. That plan just complimented our run game so well and made out passing game a threat too. For the defense I think it’s time we find a guy to fill the void Suggs left. Not saying it will be easy to find a guy of that caliber, but we do need stronger pass rush. We are 4th in sacks but for the amount we blitz that should be way higher. We’ve let go of too many good olbs and ilbs the past couple years and it’s hurts when guys like Patrick Mahomes have all day in the pocket or Derrick Henry can run all over us. Ngakoue hasn’t been bad, but I don’t know if he’s proven worthy of a big contract. Given his career I think he’s probably looking for a large amount of money. Another position is cb. Jimmy smith is a free agent and he is having a good season but he’s at the end of his prime. Marlon Humphrey will hopefully stick around for a while, but watching Marcus Peters this season idk if I see a future past his contract. When we traded for him I heard Rams and Chiefs fans say he was overrated and he was kinda an all or nothing player, which is exactly what we’ve seen this season. I’ve seen Peters blow a lot of coverage this season leading to big players for opposing teams. Also it seems like every time he’s trying to tackle someone he puts in minimal effort and too often he doesn’t complete the tackle. He’s made some big plays, but it doesn’t seem worth all the bad plays. 

Back to the receivers. I think there’s some good talent in the free agent pool that’s already developed and the ravens should look there. If they don’t resign Judon to a big contract and maybe even let ngokoue go too that could leave a big stack of money to go towards someone like Kenny Golladay from Detroit, Allen Robinson from Chicago, or Chris Godwin from Tb. Ravens have had more success with veteran receiver than they have had with their own; Boldin, Mike Wallace. In summary spend big money on wr and use draft to fill other needs. 

Sorry for making this a whole essay, I just wanted to cover everything. I’d like to hear other people’s thoughts on this."
It honestly feels like most of our best Wide Receivers are guys we got via Trades or Free Agency.
"I think pass rusher on round one, interior O-line day 2. Really wish we ’d hit the late 1st rd jackpot with a olb like Steelers did with Watt"
"Sign Allen Robinson. Always draft BPA but don’t hesitate to move up for a generational talent at a position of need when the opportunity presents itself. 

Continue Lamar’s passing education and outside throws. 

Build both lines better. Keep the corners in a bubble to protect them. 

Get a full offseason of installations and conditions and coaching."
"I think the bigger issue is that our pass game is just schemed terribly. Teams with worse receivers have had success. We definitely need better wrs but I think bad offense scheme is limiting them greatly especially Hollywood, who should probably be playing out of the slot running short/intermediate routes with an occasional go but for some reason roman only sends him deep. But I still agree with this our window is steadily closing before lamar needs to be extended and I think we need to just pick up an established receiver who can immediately make an impact, and hopefully an oc who’s actually competent"
"Considering that our free agency is likely to be a few small resignings like McPhee/Smith/Wolfe and one big move (extending Ngakoue/Judon or getting a top WR), I feel like our first round pick should be whichever of EDGE and WR we don't address with our big free agent signing. Definitely also on board with Pitts if he falls to us."
"We can trade for better WRs. 

The other issue we have is we can’t develop receivers- spending big $$ and important draft picks on a WR might be a waste if we can’t utilize them properly. We need to trade for a big WR who can catch jump passes- if we get that, we’ll be in a better spot. We need more than 1 tho, otherwise we’re screwed again if our only reliable receiver gets hurt. 

We gotta fix the o line ASAP and we need better pass rushers. That’s a more immediate issue than a WR, Lamar needs protection."
"Really would like a bully DE who can wreck havoc, especially with Calais getting up there. Someone who can set the edge well but also get consistent pass rush. Also wouldn't mind another hog at DT. Beefing up OL is definitely priority but that might be 2nd and 3rd round picks depending on the board."
"I agree. Unless there’s a great receiver still available, I’ll rather focus on getting a veteran star WR. Allen Robinson and Kenny Golladay would be perfect additions."
The scheme/system we run needs to be crucially evaluated this off-season.
Will we even have any draft pics this year?
"Agreed. This team is incapable of developing WR talent, and has been since forever."
"IMO WR1 should be Snead until we find someone better or Dez develops into such

WR2 dez
WR3 duverney
Wr4 Boykin
WR5 Brown/anyone from the draft we find late or trades.

No reason the top 3 should be any different. Besides shuffling who is in for single or double wide sets. 

Brown has a lot to prove or make up for. Duverney has shown to be clutch when needed. And Dez is well Dez, what little we’ve given him has been promising."
"Ah yes we just need to find a HoF caliber guard, pass rusher plus a starting corner thats better then Peters in the draft and then pay a massive contract for a WR.  Someone get this on DeCosta's desk ASAP!"
""
"Enough is enough. I’m worried about our boys. I hope they decide not to fly to Pittsburgh today. They should wait until the last minute and not put any of these guys on a plane together unless they absolutely have to. This outbreak has to end. As per another Zrebiec tweet, they’re deliberating whether to fly out this evening or tomorrow."
Fuck Steve Saunders is a phrase that can't be said enough times.
Snead as usual getting more catches than marquise lol
They need to postpone this game.  This is beyond absurd and the NFL is looking so bad right now.
I don't even care about this game anymore. I just want our boys to be safe
""
“Player Safety”
Why are the Steelers ok with playing this game? There is no guarantee that the Ravens have this outbreak under control. The Steelers have so much more to lose right now if they get exposed.
"I'm not watching this farce. Fuck the NFL and it's brazen disregard for a public health emergency. And the Steelers should be at least as mad as anyone else, considering it's their players, staff, and families who have the most to lose from this."
We should legit just tell the nfl to fuck off and give the squeelers an unearned win to tarnish their season
"Is the game really going ahead? Surely, it can't."
"Play with what players...?

It's going to look like a borderline XFL team playing an NFL team with new positives every day it seems."
The NFL makes millions from every tv broadcast. They make exactly zero dollars from a team practicing. That is the reason. It’s all about the 💰
"What if, hear me out I know this is crazy, the players all just stand 6ft apart the entire game and don't actually play? Game ends in a draw, everyone gets game cheques, nobody gets put at risk, they keep their stupid undefeated season, everyone is happy.

Would be one hell of an effective peaceful protest that's aired on prime time."
"Steelers fan coming in peace...just wanted to say this game definitely shouldn't be played tomorrow. All it takes is 1 player from 1 team to then spread it to every other player and team. That being said stay safe, be healthy, and wear a damn mask everyone!"
"Dude, if we lose this game, we're never living it down. lol"
Just forfeit this bullshit if they have to.  It's not like if they played they would have a chance in hell anyway.
"If Ryan Mallet can beat the Steelers with a busted up team, I think RG3 can destroy the Steelers while riding the Gus bus"
Put all your money on Steelers money line. No chance this squad can win tomorrow with the players that are active and worst case scenario it gets canceled/postponed and your bet gets refunded.
We should never have had a season during a damn pandemic
This season is so fucking stupid that I think we're going to win this game and then go on to miss the playoffs
I see the nfl is adopting the Allen Iverson model
"Easy explanation, spreading the virus today would mean positive tests on gameday, big no no for NFL.  But spreading the virus on gameday is nbd so long as the TV money from the game has already been pocketed."
"I hate doing it, but im soaking up some Pitt -10.  If im gonna watch my JV team get rolled, I may as well make some money on it."
I’m usually pretty respectful of every fanbase but if we somehow come back from this and make the playoffs I’m going to talk so much shit to other fanbases lol (only exception is the Packers.) The amount of Ravens hate I’ve seen recently is absurd.
NFL don’t give a damn bout their players
This is bullshit.
"I’ve begun calling this “The preseason game nobody asked for”, atleast it’ll be (barely) better than the Broncos game, which was an absolute sham of a contest."
This is the NFL's way of punishing us without fining us I guess. Our team clearly has discipline issues this year. 100+ yards a game in penalties and responsible for the worst outbreak in American sports...
We’re so close to week 18 and the expanded playoffs
"I’m a lurker and a fan of an opposing team so I’m not sure if my comment is welcome... this is an extremely reckless and slimy business and personnel decision from the NFL. If the god damn commissioner fails to protect the safety of players, I truly hope the ravens (and possibly even the Steelers organization) come together and refuse to place corporate greed over players health."
Yea unfortunately either postpone or punish with a forfeit
"This is about money, not player safety. The virus has not been contained at the Ravens facility, the practice today was cancelled, yet the team will travel to Pittsburgh. 

Steelers are so dumb they don't see that the team will be bringing the rona!  Oh well... GO RAVENS!!!"
I thought about this today and maybe someone could weigh in. But what if they just penciled this game to the end of the season. If the ravens are too far out to make the wild card and Steelers get the 1st round bye then don’t play the game at all. This is an u precedented season and should be treated as such. It’s not fair for either team to 1 play an entire practice squad against a undefeated team and 2 for undefeated team to have to go on short rest because of an opponent’s reckless behavior and potentially risking your own teams future. Just some thoughts. And I know it also involves KC and the other close knit wildcard race
[removed]
😐
"Honestly give how many players we're missing, bad weather probably favors us. 

They'd stomp us in a match up with like 10 starters missing, but if the weather turns it into a slop fest maybe we get lucky"
This games gonna be TERRIBLE. Snow makes it even worse.
"I mean what’s the chance we even win against an undefeated team. Players are dropping like flies. Surely it’s in our better interest to forefit, rest our players and make sure that everyone and there families are safe and healthy."
"The forecast is 63 percent chance of snow with accumulations up to 1 inch.

I dont think that'll effect the game"
"There’s not going to be a game, it’s impossible."
""
Hollywood Brown will play the game on Madden vs Rothlisburger. Totally fair matchup
Just don’t let Faze Juju near the flipping controller
[deleted]
""
The stats don't lie!
"4th and 1 and Sam Koch is still out there to punt! Oh, wait it's a fake punt! Touchdown for the real OBJ!"
I thought Koch tested positive for COVID?
My boy Sam Koch!!!!!
"No offense, but Trace will never be Buck and neither will his meme"
"First, Lamar is a great QB. One bad year should not reflect how he will do in the future. But, here’s his problems. First, greg roman is calling plays. They have figured lamar out. They can’t keep running QB draw or speed option. Second, lamar has no WR core. His leading WR is Mark Andrews... that’s sign he needs help. Also, he’s need to work on throwing. Not saying he’s a bad thrower, he’s just not confident, because he has no WR."
"I keep saying this to everyone who talks bad about Lamar.
He is still a baby. I dont mean that in a bad way either. Last year was a look at a possible future outcome for him in my opinion.  We just got to give him time to develop and grow. 



Oh and a true number 1 receiver would help too"
"I would not say he’s having a bad year at all. Yes, this isn’t an MVP season but he has been decent and a ton of teams would much rather have his QB play from this season than what they currently have."
"> They have figured lamar out.

Strongly disagree with this statement. They haven't figured Lamar out any more than they have figured out Mahomes, the difference is Lamar has Greg Roman calling plays like a fucking moron, while Mahomes has one of the all time great offensive minds in Andy Reid. There are issues beyond Roman, the O-line being hurt and WRs not playing to their talent, but the primary issue is one of play calling and that's 100% on the coaching staff."
Greg Roman is the team’s biggest weakness (aside from injuries) and Lamar knows it. We all know it.
Bad year???? Lol what bad year
"Confidence is definitely a big thing. The Titans game was a perfect example of this. 

He doesn’t trust his receivers to make plays or get separation when they’re covered decently well, which results in late throws."
"Not that QB Rating (not ESPN's QBR) is the best stat in the world but I find it funny that people think Baker Mayfield is an NFL starter but LJ is a RB despite having a one point higher rating.

For the record I'm actually a pretty big believer in Mayfield's talent and thought he was the best QB in the draft coming out."
"This year, to me, has shown what a team and coaches means for individual performance. Brady is good and the Bucs have excelled with him under center but they aren’t perfect. It’s not nearly the same as his time in New England. 

Pat mahomes and the chiefs very much so are a scheming team. He does things other QBs don’t or does what they do better. He’s not the fastest or smartest but he’s the best currently.

Aaron Rodgers can turn on the jets and make amazing games and performances and sometimes put up ducks.

Bottom line is Lamar is an athlete who is doing what he can with what he has and the record shows the results of that accomplishment. But wins and losses are on the team, his coaches and how our opponents prepare for us.

He is still better than most in the league"
Can't teach accuracy unfortunately. Every play should be an RPO for him to optimize his abilities.
I’m not saying I think we’re going to win but it’s football right? It’s snowy and maybe the defense wins the turnover battle early? I believe RG3 can at least manage a game if we are leading. Just have some hope!
We haven’t practiced since a day before the titans game
"The line has moved to Pit -10. Can we win? Sure, its theoretically possible, any given Sunday and what not, but at the same time, I'm expecting a slaughter."
"Gus the Bus and Justin Tucker...

Plus Sam Koch can throw a mean 15 yard pass."
Imma need Harbaugh to plan a ridiculous amount of trick plays if we want to even stand a chance and I mean A LOT. Something like what the Pats did to us in the 2015 divisional round
"RG3 will be starting behind a makeshift OL with a rookie UDFA center, with ZERO days of practice for the group. 

The DL is missing over half it’s starters and all it’s best  run stoppers. 

And we don’t have a long snapper on roster, and whoever the backup is will be doing it on ZERO days of practice. 

We’re a full team equivalent of the Bronco’s QB issue and it will look like it on the field."
""
"Yeah, and I could fly too"
I knew we drafted him for a reason!
It’s all fun and games until he drops the controller
"lmao fr

bro needs to spend more time watching film and working on his hands than playing a shitty video game"
Just put him in the slot.  Like c’mon he just isn’t big enough to be a good outside receiver and the staff needs to acknowledge it in the gameplan.
Not really
[deleted]
"Lord have mercy don’t do that to yourself lmao 😂 
Win or lose I don’t want you to be sick 🤕"
"Im not worried about griff, I am worried about our lack of availability causing increased snap counts, combined with a significant lack of practice this past month, which will inevitably result in more injuries"
Please don't do that - how about doing what I'm doing and [donate to his foundation](https://www.rg3foundation.org/)? I told my wife that if Bob wins I'd purchase his jersey. Well I have too many jerseys already but if the $100 can help someone in need - I'd rather support that.
Strangely obscure and specific dare. We have no chance to win so I believe you should step up your bet to 3.75 ounces of used Lucas oil from a 1972 Chevy Nova.
"The idea to eat foot powder is relatively funny, but the execution could be tragic. Please don't eat anything that's not meant for consumption."
These are some tough times but please don't eat foot powder.
"I'm all for believing, but I'd probably feel a little better if our brand new team got to be on a field together before we had to play"
I’m pretty sure RG3 got covid too :(
"Visiting DC, want to get Ravens swag. Any places you’d guys recommend? 

Hopefully one not in a mall.

Thanks!"
"I live in Maryland in the DC area and I’ve always found it pretty easy to find Ravens apparel at Target. I don’t know where you’ll be staying or how far away from DC you’re willing to go, but most Targets in Montgomery County or PG County will display a moderate amount Ravens gear alongside the WFT things. 

If you’re hotel is in Maryland and you don’t mind driving, any Target in Howard County or Anne Arundel County will be an absolute jackpot for Ravens gear. I’d personally recommend the Target in Maryland City because as far as I know, it’s the point in AA County that’s closest to DC. It’s crazy how crossing an invisible county line makes finding Ravens gear much easier lol"
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k3yu0b)"
Looking for the meh / indifferent option
[deleted]
""
"Edit: why tf is the most popular choice 9-7 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k3yz82)"
What about 10-6 and making the playoffs?
What about 11-5 AFCCG
"I can’t believe the most popular answer right now is the ravens going 3-3 over the next 6 games. Steelers whoop us, sure. I can’t find two more losses."
Do you know that 7 teams make the playoffs this year?
Way too much negativity here
"Too many scenarios here. We could go 10-6, and lose in the championship game."
All the people that picked 9-7 please tell me what losses you have.
"You left out the most likely option - 10-6, make 7th seed. From there, whatever happens, happens. Hopefully the Steelers drop one to the Bills or Team or some shit because I'd rather play them than KC in the wildcard."
12-4 is still an option.
"The culture seems to be off... obv winning helps and losing hurts culture, but it seems like the offense hasn’t had fun since the browns game. I think a lack of preseason and training camp to work out kinks has resulted in lots of tension. The offense seems one moment from total implosion."
I don't even view this season as a season anymore.  Covid has made the games unreal.  This year is a do-over.
"The ""Truss"" didn't get us far last year when we got embarrassed in the playoffs."
"I don’t think this season will finish, covid cases are on the rise, and will continue to rise until feb. NFL has less of a plan that people even thought, they chose the “head in the sand method”. Basically, they are just going to plow forward and the season will either finish with no competitive integrity due to every team missing guys everywhere, or it will end due to someone of note fucking dying which is even worse"
"I agree. I see immaturity, mental weakness, and a lack of leadership on both sides of the ball but especially the offense. I think Yanda not being present has greatly impacted us, not just for his skill as a lineman but his reliability as a mature leader who helps set a winning tone. Last year our team thrived off the fun and energy of winning and dominating. Covid and losing games/not executing has made this season less fun and colorful, and our guys not equipped to deal with it. The leadership from Ingram has been flat as well (though that could be his injury). I wonder if this year of Covid has made it hard for coaches to be the leaders they need to be as well. Not sure, but I do think the lack of cohesion and focus on our offense is a direct result of the locker room being too young, too inexperienced, and lacking reliable emotional/mental guidance"
"This season is like a season long playoff game. Whole team came in with superbowl expectations and put huge pressure on themselves. Titans choke only added to the pressure before the season. Season started off well, but as soon as they met a bit of adversity in the Chiefs game they crumbled under the pressure of their own expectations. They ve abandoned the run and lost their swag. The defense is soft.

It s just a season long playoff game. This team has no heart. They were good last year when they were playing loose and free but that confidence is gone since the Titans playoff game and Chiefs game this year. This young core cannot handle expectations and pressure, and it falls squarely on Harbaugh. Where is the toughness, the resilience now that Lewis, Reed, Suggs, Yanda & pre-Harbaugh players are gone? 

My only hope is that we limp into the playoffs with everyone expecting us to lose and pull off an upset. Its always been Harbaugh weakness/strength to choke when favored/overperform when underrated. 

I any case that would unlock something with this team. If we lose another playoff game this core is going nowhere before a rebuild."
""
I will also slam a shot of henney in solidarity
Slam is a strong word lol he’d take a shot before each game (more common than you’d think)
I just don't understand how any team can play if they suit up 35 or so players.  People are going to get injured.  out of 11 offensive starters we have what 5 available.   So how does a guy who hasn't played 20 snaps this year play 40 or 50 snaps against a starter and not get injured.
"If the Ravens somehow win this game. No matter if it’s ugly or not. Then it somehow sparks our team to win out and land in the playoffs, we can make a serious run and this game would be the magical turning point story line that the media loves to eat up. 

I still have confidence in this team."
If the ravens find any type of Energy like last year there will be a run in store
This game is not a must win for the playoffs.
"I agree. If win tomorrow with everything and everyone against us, it would be the quintessential Ravens thing to do."
We're running the fucking table man
"I think we could make a run even without this game. If we're healthy for the Cowboys and come out angry, then I think we still have a shot at the #6 seed. As long as we don't play the Chiefs in the first round, I think we can get some traction going and at the very least end the notion that Lamar can't win a playoff game before it becomes a mental blockade/self-fulfilling prophecy"
"I think we can afford to drop 2 more and sneak in that #7 seed - we have the tiebreaker over indy and I see them dropping 2 more (steelers, raiders), and that's assuming they beat the texans twice"
"Last year we learned the painful way that the regular season means nothing. Especially in a year as shitty as 2020. If we can managed to only lose 1-2 games for the rest of the season we’ll probably make the playoffs. We’ve performed great as the underdogs in the past, no reason why we can’t do it now.

Realistically though, we’re all just sacrificial lambs on KC’s quest for a repeat. I’m fine with this year being a down year, but next year we have to do better."
"I misread this as Homeric Optimism.

Maybe the cruel gods are toying with us now but we're fated to win in the end and to drag Ben's body around Heinz Field?"
I feel that with the amount of shit piled on the Ravens right now that winning out is in the cards.
""
Honestly so tired of the tweeting
"He used to be the one steeler I didnt dislike as a person. Now, not so much."
This dude talks a lot of shit for someone who looks like a nobody when he plays us. Marlon Humphrey is fr OBJs and Jujus dad. Jarvis Landry always puts up numbers when he plays us but those 2. Non factor
lmao this is great
"i mean i want to talk to our manager as well, no way should they have been letting that guy repeatedly break mask protocol, should have sent his ass home for the day until he learned how to behave like a responsible adult"
This dude talks a whole lot of shit for a third option behind a rookie receiver
Haha
Big Dick DeCosta would get Juju sent to the Jets while Ravens walk away with Pittsburgh's 5th and the Jets 2nd.
Is he the most hated now? Or is TJ watt still up there for most hated current player
""
""
"I realize he's not the only player to fall into this category. I know that Tucker (and the rest of the Wolfpack), Snead, Gus Bus, among others have also been consistent and effective this season, but I feel like they all get their due but I never really hear much about Tyus on here.

His stats may not jump off the page, but every game he seems to be around the ball, generating a good pass rush, making the occasional big play, and not getting dinged with foolish penalties.

I remember [this interview he gave over the offseason](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi5c6dSpkp8) where he was candid about not living up to his draft billing and thought it was refreshing how he just owned up to it, never blaming anyone else or the scheme or whatever, and reiterating that he's committed to stepping up, which he has done so far.

Really hope we're able to keep him around; I think he has a lot of potential going forward."
Love Tyus Bowser. He's not great at anything but he's pretty good at everything and that's useful as hell. Underrated guy. King Motherfucking Koopa!
He’s slowly become one of my favorite Ravens. Really battled through the adversity of being called a bust in the first couple years of his career to now playing well for a big contract. Hope we keep him.
I swear this man should play as a permanent ILB. Jack of all trades master of none.
"I got a signed Tyus Bowser Jersey, and it hangs on my wall as my only ever signed jersey. Hope we resign him"
This season isn’t what anyone of us could have imagined and perhaps we may not even make the play offs. But as soon as Stanley got injured I knew our window to win a Super Bowl under cap was fading very quickly. We’re gonna be pretty cash strapped for a while after this year fingers crossed we find a cheap veteran wideout and maybe some key picks in the draft otherwise we may have missed our chance for the next couple years
"Provided we play tomorrow, and while nothing is impossible, the odds are pretty well against us. However, is anyone else less concerned about taking the L and more worried about injuries? No practice time, bodies are acclimated at all, and bad weather. We’re already so short handed, I don’t want to lose anymore guys."
Taking an L still hurts no matter what. Tomorrow is seriously going to feel like a preseason game. Never felt so dull about a ravens game since last season when we played Pittsburgh in the final week where the game meant nothing to us. Feels bad getting swept by your rival I hope we atleast sweep the browns and put them back in their place.
"Yea, injuries are my only concern, mostly because we have no depth right now, so some guys might be on the field for 100% of the snaps. I've already accepted that we are losing if the game is played, so my only hope is that 1) we can come out of this game healthy, and 2) see something from our younger guys who will get to finally have their ""preseason"" game lol. This game should be about trying new things for the remainder of the season."
[deleted]
What happens if no positives today but positives tomorrow?
So like....what are we hoping for....?
Would rather see it postponed myself.
We should just forfeit and pack it in. This shit is stupid at this point
"Here’s where Tuesday’s game stands, per sources:

If all the \#Ravens’ COVID-19 tests come back negative this afternoon, the plan is to practice and travel to Pittsburgh tonight.

If any more players or Tier 1 personnel test positive, the game most likely would be postponed again.

***

posted by [@TomPelissero](https://twitter.com/TomPelissero)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"If anyone is looking for a bright side, at least they can’t catch it again for 3-6 months."
"""Hey uhhhhhhhhhhhhh Hill you have COVID now"" ."
[deleted]
I dont think we have the cap to sign a top end receiver
I dont think he'd like this offense either. Our best receiver gets like 20 yards a game.
Why would Allen Robinson even want to go to Baltimore? We have one of the worse passing offenses in the league. It would be career suicide.
Anyone thought about Godwin? I don’t see him staying in Tampa with all the talent there
"I doubt he'd want to come here, he'd get even fewer looks than he does in Chicago"
"I think next year owners wont be willing to dish out big contracts because of the impact covid has on the cap and we'll see a lot of 1 year deals and if he takes a 1 year deal, I doubt its here."
Re-sign. Not resign.
[removed]
"I want to see a team just show up but refuse to do anything. Take knees. Give the ball up.  Stand there and let the other team score.  Rinse and repeat.  

Denver should have done that to make a point.  They took injuries yesterday and for what?  It was a joke letting a team play with no QBs."
Lol why would teams fight it when it was the owners that agreed to these procedures
Lol the players had a chance to sit out
"NFL players and coaches knew what they signed up for this year. Those who chose to opt-in and receive paychecks knew what was at stake. You’re looking at fines and even suspensions/lost paychecks if you ruin the integrity of the game. Whether you have Patrick Mahomes or a guy who hasn’t played QB in years, modern day NFL will punish you for (obvious) suicide."
That’s cutting off your nose to spite your face. It never works.
"Maybe Denver shouldn't have had all their QBs in close proximity. Maybe the Ravens shouldn't have had that dumbass coach walking around without a mask and his beacon thing while showing symptoms. 

It's a shitty situation that we're in. But the controls put in place were ignored, and here we are.

That being said, if there are no more positive tests, and the health experts believe the spread is contained, there's no reason to move the game."
""
"Everybody got COVID, wolf and company gonna have to play every snap with no breaks cause there’s only 3 guys on the D line, Queen may have to play d line cause ravens are so short, it’s gonna be snowing, everybody hates us and wants our downfall, ravens haven’t practiced in over a week, 🙅🏾‍♂️, if rg3 gets hurt our punter may be playing QB no cap. Biblical prophecies."
[deleted]
""
For some reason my Dumbass still believes we can win Tomorrow but yet I’m going to be disappointed once again. We’ve been disappointing and abysmal since October can we atleast take some kind of W football gods?
bro I hate that the football gods said hey wanna get fucked in the ass this season and before we could say a word they came down and gangraped us
As a chiefs fan I’m totally fine to let you guys borrow Patrick/Kelce/Hill for the game!
"I feel this in my soul after losses in key games vs PIT, NE, TEN, and KC..."
"https://local.theonion.com/man-who-thought-hed-lost-all-hope-loses-last-additional-1819565674

Why is Shia in this meme now?"
Actual cannibal Shia Labeouf
[deleted]
This won't matter even a little bit to Browns fans.
""
"We're not voluntarily forfeiting unless every single player is on board. There is a lot on the line for these players every game, thats why they didn't opt out in the first place."
""
Marquise would smoke him.
Finally Brown could meaningfully contribute this year.
Our soulja will finally be put to good use
Watch... both teams have some kid on the practice squad who is a Madden semi pro player no one has even  heard of stepping up.
I’m down only if we get to use legends roster and they don’t
Hollywood's chance to actually be a soulja and ball out.
I love this idea.
It's a better idea than anything the NFL has come up with.
"I mean, Nascar did it lol"
Let’s just do this already and beat the crap out of the dumpster fire that is the NFC East on MNF.
Brown bouta clap them in madden
[deleted]
"Call the game, Rog.

[From Deadspin](https://deadspin.com/do-the-right-thing-and-call-off-ravens-steelers-nfl-1845775055)

&#x200B;"
"We all know we want out of Greg Romans offense but I never see the ideal replacement.

Who's your dream replacement for Greg Roman? I'll start.

Matt Nagy. I want someone with a west coast background while still maintaining RPO and run-option concepts for Lamar. He also incorporates a lot of pre-snap movement. This still takes advantage of Lamars legs and focuses him on throwing where he's most accurate, short and in the middle of the field.

Nagy needs to be fired of course but I would love to see him here for a year or two with Lamar. Who else ya got?"
"Gonna hit you with the hard no thank you on Nagy my dude, the Bears offense is literally on par with the Jets this year. 

I know this is super unrealistic but I wish we could just throw a brinks truck at Lincoln Riley."
"Umm James Urban? 

He’ll be an OC next year, question is where and considering his relationship and development of Lamar I’d like it to remain here"
"Put the latest madden on a microsoft surface and do ""ask madden"" plays before every snap"
Either Mike McDaniel (run game coordinator) or Mike LaFleur (pass game coordinator) from San Francisco
 Ravens coaching legend juan castillo
Ayo this dude said matt nagy 😂😂😂
What about Byron Leftwich? As a former NFL QB perhaps he could relate to Lamar in a way GRO couldn’t.
"If we look outside of our staff, I'd have some interest in Mike Kafka, KC's passing game coordinator."
"No to Nagy.  A system similar to Kubiak's, with the focus on the run, play-action, and bootlegs would suit Lamar well.  Another option is to dig into the college coaching ranks and try to find an up-and-comer who will utilize some creativity and maximize Lamar's potential.  I haven't watched enough CFB this year to even venture a guess on who that guy might be though."
Jim harbaugh
"Not seeing a lot of good ideas here, and I don't have one either.   Maybe we should get our roster shored up and hope the O can return to last year's levels.  And keep GR"
"This would absolutely never happen but I would be extremely intrigued on what Bobby Petrino/Lamar Jackson. While he did run a lot in that offense, they were absolutely lighting people up in the air as well."
Joe Brady
""
"The irony is if the NFL made the Ravens play, their team would be as bad off as we are rn. Do they just not believe in the virus or do they not understand it at a basic level?"
"Ahem.

10-0.

But FR this is hilarious. Our sub is infested with the crybabies."
"Jokes on you, we’re plenty capable of losing that game! Lol but forreal being a Steelers fan these past couple weeks feels cringe, it’s been bad on Twitter and Reddit"
"I made the mistake of going to their subreddit. Glad to see the rivalry is alive and well, but...I won't be doing that again. That was ugly at best."
They got their mini-bye back. Just before they play us instead of after. (Which helps them mor)
Steelers fan here.  This made me laugh
"I love that Steelers fans are getting all bent out of shape about the game being delayed because they think it benefits the Ravens.

The NFL doesn’t give a shit about player safety, it’s literally just asking “okay, how about tomorrow? How about tomorrow? WE NEED TO SELL ADS GET THE FUCK ON THE FIELD.”"
Fuck the steelers
You should cross post this to r/nflmemes
"Honestly football can fuck off right now. These whiny Steelers fans are raising my blood pressure. I’m gonna go meditate till the game, if it happens, and see how that goes."
"I can see why they’re posses about the idea of playing WFT on short rest. Really, all this lies at the feet of Goodell. He needs to move this game to week 18. It’s the only way out of this mess."
They're also complaining about the WFT getting rest like they arent gonna steamroll anything coming out of the NFC Least
Steelers fan and that was pretty funny lol
"were 10-0 and about to be 11-0 (sorry bout that) but yes, both teams have had it rough. i don't support a lot of my fellow steeler fans in hsaying that the nfl loves the ravens anymore than they love the steelers. yes, its a lot of reschedualing but its to keep every player safe, not to make one organization happy. but seriously, i think we can all say rip the broncos man"
"We're 10-0, thank you"
Doesn't change the fact that the ravens ruined Thanksgiving.
"Are you guys serious right now? If the tables were turned and this all happened last season when we were fighting with the Pats for home field, we would be bitching just as much. They did get their bye week taken and got their Thanksgiving schedule fucked by us and will indeed have to play again next week on short rest. None of it had anything to do with them.

I'm sure all of us were bitching about the Titans being careless and breaking protocol and wanting draft picks taken earlier this year, now we are saying that Steelers should just suck it up? I agree delaying the game is better than forcing sick people to play, but I'm sure they'd rather us have to forfeit for our control failures and maybe lose a draft pick rather than get their schedule fucked to accommodate."
Y’all are delusional as fuck.
[deleted]
In 1997 Michael Jordan played game 5 of the NBA finals against the Utah Jazz with the flu. No one was afraid to be around him. The Bulls ended up winning the game in the final moments of regulation time. Winners don't quit.
[removed]
"Slow down, Reed was a master at his craft. I like Deshon but to compare him to the GOAT safety this early in his career, that’s a bit much."
He's had a solid year but this is unfathomable hyperbole. That's like if last year I were to say Chuck Clark is the next Polamalu.
ridiculous post lol
"Um... Did you ever watch Ed Reed? He literally changed the outcome of a ton of games. Elliot has played well, but he isn't even close to what Ed Reed was, even in his worst year."
lol I hope you are not this premature in bed
"I've liked Elliot since we drafted him. He's a great football player with good instincts and make clutch plays, dating back to his Texas days. But there's a reason he dropped to the 6th round (which I thought was a steal btw). He's too limited athletically to become one of the greats. I think he can be a bit of a liability in single coverage against better TE's or quick backs. With his nose for the football, I wouldn't be surprised to see him make a probowl one of these years, but let's pump the breaks on the Ed comparisons"
""
“Player Safety”
The wait is killing me!!!
"This is being way over fucking complicated. Just throw in a week 18 and give the Ravens a week to recover for the Cowboys. Why does the NFL insist on making this so difficult?

Play the game you’re gonna get players hurt and probably spread Covid to everyone who didn’t already have it and then to the Steelers. Just play fucking week 18, it really shouldn’t be this complicated."
Bueller...
The ravens are forfeiting
""
If there’s no new positive tests I’d have to imagine the NFL is gonna force this game to be played.
Tests allegedly come in around 4pm. It's also supposed to snow in Pitt tomorrow morning meaning we probably have to fly out tonight. I guess our players are just waiting with their bags packed just in case?
On one hand I just want to watch some ravens football again. On the other hand it’d be nice to have this game moved to Week 18 so we’ll have our starters back
"At this point, if they won’t push it to week 18 when we can potentially compete with a chance of winning, let’s just get it over and done with. Almost certain we lose, so let’s get it done and out of our lives forever."
"Pure speculation: the NFL is going to do everything it can to keep the game even if it is NFL’s version of JV football vs a competitive pro team

This isn’t just any game, but a NBC, nationally televised game.  There are what - 18 of these in an annual contract (17 Sunday night weeks + thanksgiving).  This one was probably supposed to be the biggest carrot since it was supposed to be on Thanksgiving. If a team, and by extension the League, admits fault/an inability to play, the League probably have to pay the network a huge penalty"
What even is our OL going to look like.  Like is Bozeman going to be center or are we going to start a UDFA in Colon at Center and keep Bozeman at LG?
""
"Hoping everyone gets well soon but especially Mark Andrews. 

Also, fuck Steve Saunders."
I thought these guys already tested positive? Or do they have to test positive again to negate a false positive before being added to the list?
""
"So a bad drop and 2 not that great throws, i fully believe Marquise and Lamar will get right for the offense"
good vid on what happened in Hollywood's shutout game. Whats on him and whats on Lamar.
*Sigh*
""
How the hell did they get activated? Don’t you need 5 days
BRODERICK TIME LETS GO
Ah I thought Iman Marshall was out for the season?
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I think they should wait for further results and fly tomorrow. We won’t be getting a real practise in before the game that will give us any type of advantage. And knowing our luck, they’ll all pull a hammie in walkthroughs or something."
"Steelers fan here.

There is quite a bit of bad blood between us and Ravens fans right now. I truly hope all of the players on your team and their families get through COVID alright. (And any of you that have got the COVID or your families) 

I'm working on this whole trying to spread positivity thing in my work/personal life. I hope that all of you had a good Thanksgiving and that life isn't too shitty for you right now. In the end we're all just people who want to be happy. If the game gets canceled or postponed again it is what it is and I'm done getting upset about it. 

COVID has totally fucked my life up in regards to being social or seeing people and everyone seems to be on edge lately at work and in public."
Put a snow plow on the Gus Bus!!!!!!!
Oh thank god
The show must go on! /s
Lol
Aint jet lag gonna effect them. Smh
[deleted]
I have no idea what a wildcat strike is but it's provocative
Hell yeah I respect it
"I hope they do. NFL totally botched this season.


Edit: There were numerous ways NFL could have done this season that would've allowed for a bubble. One way that was suggested early on was a divisional bubble so that it would cut down on the amount of people at each facility by an eighth. Each bubble would have no more staff than the total NBA had."
"People shouldn't have to risk their lives because of a sports contract. I'm all for it, force the NFL's hand"
Lets get the season cancelled so Pittsburgh can just wonder WHAT IF.....
"I hope they do. Not only risking their health but the Steelers as well. And anyone involved with the traveling process. 

Postpone the game. If there's no possible way to do that then forfeit."
"My heart can’t take this roller coaster man please make it stop

Give us week 18 already"
Take back the power! ✊
"Hopefully this will force the nfl to cancel or force a forfeit. It just doesn’t make sense to have the ravens playing any earlier than like thursday this week and that completely fucks the Steelers. 

For once do the non-profit focused decision and make the right choice.

Edit: changed push the game back to cancel"
I can dig it
"Per source, there are new fears of Ravens players refusing to play tomorrow night, which technically would be a wildcat strike. It could create major issues between NFL and NFLPA, if it happens. Potentially, it could jeopardize the balance of the season.

***

posted by [@ProFootballTalk](https://twitter.com/ProFootballTalk)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
If it’s Florio saying this take it with a grain of salt.
Strike sounds like a forfeit to me.  Good call Ravens.
Should tell them to push the game to Thursday and move the Dallas game to Tuesday then you've got a deal.
This game is pointless. It's dangerous to Ravens and Steelers players. It should not be played. It should be rescheduled to week 18.
"I'd like to see a gentlemen's agreement for the players to just get on the field and stand there for 60 minutes in silence. Someone else on this sub suggested it, and I was originally against the idea, but that was like 2 postponements ago."
Fuck the Steelers.
Go Ravens!
Mad respect to any players who can organize and pull this off!
Lmfao
WE ARE FANS OF THE REALEST FRANCHISE IN SPORTS HISTORY BOYS AND GIRLS.
I meannnn they could’ve opted out if they wanted to. I feel like this is all part of the shitshow of a season they signed up for might as well just eat the loss and regroup for the playoff push
I believe PFT rumors as much as I believe OJ didn't do it..
"I don’t like this look tbh. 
Everyone had the ability to sit out earlier in the season and now that the risks they took are coming back at them they wanna go on strike?
I’ll admit it’s a shitty situation that could’ve been solved but the players knew the NFL was gonna put money above them so they had the option to sit out if they wanted."
"Why though? They had the option to opt out. They’ve been playing all year with the risks. The Broncos just played a game without a QB, what do we have to complain about as long as we have 53 people?

Or is it because they haven’t practiced all week? 

Genuinely confused about this."
"If the ravens claim him, wouldn't that cost more than 8m? Should we risk letting him clear and sign him cheap"
"He wont reach us in waivers, wr needy teams ( ie Pats) have a higher waiver priority than us."
"A team with a lot of cap room will probably claim him, I think we’d have a good shot if because of his cap number he doesn’t get picked up."
I don't think hell clear
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
How about the Baltimore NeverAnyMore+  ?
Portec yur Face from Corvid
F them crows...
""
"I wonder if this is really true. So far I've only seen Florio and his unnamed source reporting this, and other outlets just parroting his report."
[deleted]
I think it's when the RB leads the strike instead of the QB.
""
Yay we might get a practice in
This is all so fucking stupid. Impossible to imagine the NFL handling this worse. Just add a week to the end of the season why is this so hard?
Can we get any other players back with the extra day?
"At this point, do you start preparing for the cowboys and just roll out what you can for Pitt?"
People on Twitter really think this is a harbaugh conspiracy and not the nfl being dumb as always
Just forfeit. Fuck the league. Fuck the Steelers. But let’s not fuck around with half our starters out.
Damn this is fr a shit show. The NFL must be fuming right now. I just wanna get this game over with now. Heard because we weren’t able to even practice today... what’s one extra day going to do for us ? We were still going to lose regardless. They let the broncos Play with literally a WR as QB... why are they giving us more time man just let the beat down begin already
Fucking forfeit already.
I'm cool with the L at this point. I just wanna get past this fucking game.
It’s just embarrassing now. A national story that keeps getting refuelled with each postponement. Teeing up for a more embarrassing loss
"CANCEL THE GAME. FUCK IT.  


the nfl came into this season not giving a single solitary fuck about the covid and look what happens. they should have never had the season. I don't give a fuck about oh the practice squad auditions or whatever. fuck it. a pandemic is more important than that.  We got 260K dead, healthcare workers fucked, millions about to be homeless and hwatever else. fuck a football. We got half our damn team with the fuckin rona. Just end this farcial bullshit"
"“We care about Advertis-errr Player Safety.”
The NFL"
"Insert astronaut meme format: this game is officially a total disaster?
Always has been"
"Checking in as a bucs fan, if they play Wednesday or Thursday, can lamarr play?"
"like i seriously dont understand why.......are the people that got tested positive at the beginning of last week perhaps gonna be about to play? if not, why not just play Tuesday?"
I think it's mainly because of the incoming snow tomorrow keeping Baltimore from practicing at all and getting to travel plus the cases
[removed]
[deleted]
"Wouldn’t it be something if Thursday with the Cowboys was still going on unchanged?

Someone better be sending crab cakes to NY overnight."
[deleted]
The nfl should move it to week 18 and stop it with this bs
""
"The NFL is really so desperate to play this game that they won’t give us week 18. They’re willing to jack everything up to make sure the super bowl isn’t moved, that’s all this is about. They don’t want to reschedule the super bowl"
[deleted]
The rest of the NFL world seems to think the Ravens created the Corona virus and gave it to themselves to help spread it. The amount of people coming for the Ravens is ridiculous.
I'm looking forward to watching this game with my grandchildren in December 2068
The only team that should legit be pissed is Denver for the bs the league pulled with them
So let me get this straight the NFL just doesn’t want to push back the Playoffs and Super Bowl? They just want to be right on schedule ? Why else would they not just postpone the Game to a week 18 what fucking harm does it do to the NFL if they play around mid February still? The NBA literally stopped for 4 months from March to August and the Finals were in October when they normally end in Like June 12th the latest.. they pushed back everything for like 4 months. How is the biggest sport in America this incompetent?
I wish they'd just make us forfeit I'm tired of all the Steelers fans bitching
I’m getting tired of this.
"An extra day between the last time the boys practiced, yayyyy!"
Just fucking forfeit this shit is getting ridiculous
The nfl would save themselves from these headaches if they just moved it to week 18... really now
One day? How will this change anything?
Wait can anyone get back from the list by then?
Whatever man. I just hope our RB group can be fully healthy by then at least.
"I’d rather Baltimore forfeit, take the time to rest, and get ready for the coming absolutely crucial stretch of must-win games."
How'd you get dark mode on espn?
"If it was any other team instead of the undefeated Steelers, this would have already been canceled"
[removed]
"Yes we, the Ravens fans, are the reason this is happening. We are dearly sorry."
Fuck you too pal 😀
Your xbox broken or something?
Get a life
"""_____ fan coming in peace""

Downvote"
Thanks man. Cause us fans had an impact on the game’s postponement
Cancel the season so Steelers fans cry 😂
Lmfaooooooooo y’all crying now but gonna be celebrating when you beat a shell of a team... FOH 🤣
""
[deleted]
The longer the game waits the more hated we become and when the team gets its ass kicked it’s gonna be hella embarrassing
They should just give us the L and let us prepare for next week
Can this go on any longer? This is the saddest game of musical chairs ever.
AFTERNOON. 340 PM
[deleted]
""
Lmaooo 😭
Unless its a home game to open the season as defending champions.
Their lack of self awareness is the funniest part of this whole saga. Don’t they realize they’re 8-2 without phantom penalty calls?
"It’s really amazing how much they think this is true. In the words of Mugatu, “I feel like I’m taking crazy pills.”"
"The only the babies are the Steelers fans and players crying about how hard they have things. 

What a bunch of whiney spoiled brats who care more about their scheduling during a pandemic than our and their health. 

And ofc the sub is currently flooded with Steelers fans. Go back to your own sub jagoffs"
"The memes coming out of this crisis are fucking wild, only positive of the entire situation"
"Alright alright if nothing else is to come out of this but both our dumbass fans flooding NFL , at least these are some fuckin great memes for us to both feast at while we wait. Cheers"
"I don't even look at the threads on this topic over at r/nfl anymore. It's not just Steelers fans anymore, it's people who are ignorant or just want to get in on the circle jerk for upvotes. The circle jerk is at tornado strength at this point; they literally ignore reality because that would result in downvotes. 

Reminds me of the Earl Thomas/Brother story, where TMZ said they were in the same room, but legit sources said they were in the same house in different rooms. The circle jerk says that he is an incestual relationship with his brother, and that's their reality now. 

The takes are so fucking bad, it's hard to fathom how so many people can be so collectively ignorant. But then I remember it's reddit, so I just ignore those threads now."
Still cracking up every time I think of this meme lmao
"tfw you spend two months bitching about losing your bye week, then start bitching when you get a free week off later"
"Missing the yellow craprag to clean up 95% of everything they want,  or haven't you seen a baby eat before...?"
""
Bro I’m honestly not shocked. People hate Lamar
"Things like these are the reason why I'm glad kyler lost to the Pat's yesterday. I have no ill will towards the cards and their fanbase but the blasphemy has got to stop at some point. Kyler is great. Lamar is generational, he's not at Patrick Mahomes level but who is? He is in Patrick Mahomes ball park though and I dont think I can say the same thing about Kyler. I think if Lamar had DeAndre and larry he would have very few issues. Shit if Lamar had an above average center he'd be 8-2"
"I don’t know if this is supposed to be sarcasm, but I know I got a chuckle.

Some may even find him to be “elite”"
[deleted]
[deleted]
Steelers fans after RG3 pulls off another upset against them: CoNsPiRaCy!!11
[deleted]
"Yes

https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1330982002502365184?s=19"
I’d rather hold them out and have them back for Dallas With practice
Yeah but I’d rather not see them get blasted behind practice squad linemen
No
"&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/jwfxtfkogg261.jpg?width=960&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6d126a085a418b495cede812c8a101467e2377c3"
"lol you got me, take my upvote"
"Thought you were serious, was pleasantly surprised even though all care spirit is gone now"
What is the periscope thing? This is the weirdest full face respirator I've ever seen.
It’s not like the playoff schedules are set in stone anyway. And it would make sense to push them back so that all players from all teams could avoid being sat due to covid.
"It’s not hard. But the NFL and its incompetent leadership had no plan for the INCREDIBLY FORESEEABLE SCENARIO of a team having a mass COVID outbreak and being unable to play. 

Instead of adding a week when the Titans got hit, their solution was to move a bunch of games around and wish upon a star that it wouldn’t happen later in the season with byes exhausted. A brilliant idea, especially considering that every epidemiologist in the world was screaming that the outbreak would drastically intensify in the fall and winter. 

This comes down to money. If the teams don’t play, the NFL doesn’t get paid for the game. Billionaire owners are already whining that they’re not making enough because of the reduced attendance, so they’re gonna wheel out the practice squads and scream PLAYER SAFETY!"
"Because it’s an extra week with just 1 game. All the resources etc. for one game clearly seems pointless.

Edit : this means a money loss no doubt. The NFLs worst nightmare."
"They should push them back 2 weeks anyways, have all teams isolated and tested, like the NBA did. then start the playoffs"
Should be easy to extend the season an extra week or 2 to assure player safety right? But I guess not. Theres barley any fans at games so it cant be that hard to move the superbowl to whenever is necessary.
I think if this was a regular CBS game they would not care this much. This was their prime game of the year on Thanksgiving night so they cant just cancel it probably for business reasons. They will have the game no matter what.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I'm in the minority, but I think the NFL gets a bad rap on this situation and how it's been dealt with. The protocols put in place, for the most part, have done a decent job at keeping players and coaches safe. And this dumb ass strength and conditioning coach is proof of that. 

Just look what happens when someone ignores all of the protocols? Had he reported his symptoms, he wouldn't have been there and no one else would have been infected. Had he worn his mask, it's likely a lot less people would be affected. Had he worn his contact tracer, maybe we could have identified high risk players and coaches sooner, etc. Each one of these protocols are to minimize the risk, but all of the protocols together drastically reduce the risk.

There hasn't been an outbreak like this with any other team, except for the Titans, and that was nowhere near what this was. If this guy followed the protocols put in place, we wouldn't be in this position. The NFL can't hold every persons hand and make sure they are following the rules. That should be up to the teams and players. 

The bottom line is the protocols have worked, and have done a good job giving us a football season, so far. A lot of changes have been made as the season goes along.

From a fans perspective, I honestly could care less if you're ""frustrated"", we are, too. But who cares? Keepings the players and coaches safe is all that matters. If your life is that inconvenienced by a delayed game, than you should probably find some other hobbies. I know this sounds rude, but this boo hoo attitude is honestly pathetic. 

This situation sucks for everyone, but you all act like the Ravens wanted this, you act like the entire league somehow targeted your team and fanbase. This outbreak hurts the Ravens far more than it has hurt the Steelers, assuming the outbreak doesn't spread to Pittsburgh if and when the game is played. 

You're not the only fans affected, you're not the only team affected. The entire world has been affected by this. 1.5 million people have died, and some of ya'll are mad that the game got pushed back a week, or that you might lose your bye. 

And if you want some perspective, just imagine waking up tomorrow, or the day after to find out that James Conner, or one of our players passed away because of this. Would you still be upset that you didn't get your precious Thursday night football? Or that you had to wait a week to see the Ravens lose?"
Steelers should forfeit tbh
I don’t want Steeler fan opinions
"I think the coach gets full blown fired the second he’s healthy and out of quarantine. 

The solution is to push the Super Bowl a couple weeks into February. The top seeds should get a bye, or some other advantage the lower seeds don’t. 

I know anything can happen but my feeling is that this just Isn’t the year for the Ravens. I truly hope the Steelers can make a push and get far enough that the eventual end of your season is as devastating as possible!"
"I agree, best rivalry in the nfl. Best games to watch. Reschedule to week 18. Let them get their team back. Maybe the game won't mean anything for the nfl then. Or maybe it'll decide the division. No forfeit. Condolences in this trying time."
🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️
It’s easy to decide how somebody else makes their money. Good thing they don’t listen to you.
A forefit would be an easy way to solve the problem tbh
""
r/nfl is so triggered and it’s hilarious.
"I don’t think people realize it’s not about it being competitive, it’s for safety of transmissions to other organizations. I get it, as fans we are upset too, but players are people. People get sick. Sick people get others sick and maybe the season gets cut short. This is precaution to trying to stop covid spreading to the Steelers and being a statistic. Yes we as an org fucked up. Yes they can make the team forfeit, but then they have to answer to the nflpa as to why 53 players on the ravens and Steelers didn’t get paid, on top of answering the call of how the league doesn’t have player interests in mind

Edit 1: regarding the broncos no one else tested positive amd the qbs were placed in covid as a close contact tracing where ravens org had positive cases by the players and personnel."
""
"Lmao, suggs is the fucking best."
You'll never see a bad guy like him again
Damn. Any way to get Suggs back?
The buildup to that final line was hilarious lmao
KC Chiefs Legend
u/savevideo
About to be unproductive af at work
"Well, that settles it. There is literally no way the NFL could have handled this game any worse."
Guess who’s gonna sneak out of work early... this girl!
"This is 1:40pm for us west coasters. 

wtf lmao"
Someone please tell me what NBC has on Wednesday night that’s better than football.
Of course I have a call from 4-5
Good. The last thing we need is the entire country tuning in during prime time to watch the Steelers take our lunch money.
2:40 for me sorry boss im outski 😂
So that's 10:40 pm here.  Perfect!
We have no right to complain
It's so hilarious that FANS are getting so upset over a game when one team is undefeated and the other has no shot at the playoffs. We never get this much negative attention and it's just hilarious to soak in.
I’m not enjoying any part of this.
No shot at playoffs?
I guess it’s a silver lining to the fact that our season is imploding because of Covid.
I feel bad for both the Broncos and Steelers. Though not Steelers fans.
“We never get this much negative attention” ? Bruh have you not been watching sports media or any media at all? Everything we do is negative even when we win the media will find ways to make a negative comment about something... this is a complete disaster and not really funny anymore
"""Your team is playing better than ours so us breaking the rules and getting rewarded for it shouldn't make you mad!"""
""
Maybe g ro will run the ball
Imagine if there was fans and the ravens pulled the upset. They might have had to get a police escort off the field
"I mean...lmao at this point I can't do anything but laugh at this absurd sequence.

Your outbreak has been going on for so long, the guys who it started with are already better."
NOW RUN THE FN BALL
r/nfl is in an all out uproar and is now full of conspiracy theories. I had to unsub lol.
The long con
LFG
👀
I told yall earlier
People saying this gives us a competitive advantage are brain dead. Having them back won’t solve the 20+ People still missing
Do we have 5 healthy olinemen? I can see a world where we pick up where we left off from the first matchup and run the ball extremely well and pull off a really improbable upset.
"Everyone hates us, what else is new? Fuck em."
Y’all can act like arrogant asshats but we are getting drug thru the mud. This post on r/nfl has all the teams saying what bullshit it is we got to wait to get players back and I agree
[deleted]
CONSPIRACY
""
Thanks for the support guys
I’m more of a Happy Honda Days person but I appreciate the sentiment
"Yoooooo, Lil Nas X stuntin with the Glow Up."
"Steelers: ""Haha what an easy win. Wait, what's that sound?""

*RG3, Leading the Replacements into battle*

RG3: ""Its Truck Month Motherfuckers"""
We believe
RG3 Season
Let’s do this. RG3 let’s gooo!!
LESSGOOO RAVENS
[deleted]
"""We love bein the bad guy"" - T-Sizzle"
We've always been better when we're hated tbh I'm fine with that.
Already embraced my dude
"Oh knock it off about being hated. Who cares. 

Before 2019, our whole identity was being mean and chippy.  The President of the United States publically trashed our city lol. Some of us are pretty used to being hated."
I give literally zero fucks about what people on the internet think about me
"Baltimore against the world.  It has always been this way, so bring it the fuck on!"
I love the hate makes the wins sweeter
We like being the villain
You guys need to stop caring about respect or homage from /r/nfl. The only way that comes is winning a super bowl.
We aren't hated. Douchebag opinions are hated.
"Good!  I got tired of being the darling of the league. 

Now all that we really need back is that feeling of the guys you don't wanna meet in the playoffs and we're golden!"
A bunch of people who dont understand how the virus work and that dont see players as people so they want them to all get infected with a deadly virus so they can have their 3 hours of entertainment dont like me nor my team for decissions being made by neither. Yeah.. I couldnt care less
"The ravens are the bad guys in the sense they’re Saturday morning cartoon villains. Like yeah they’re hated but not feared and definitely not respected. I could care less about loved or hated, what I do care about is that this team seems to have no toughness."
And then tuesdayyyy night *Carrie Underwood voice*
Wednesday afternoon you mean
A Wednesday afternoon paaaarty...
We got rescheduled for a Charlie brown tree lighting
Wednesday morning @ 10:40 am Hawaii time. Smack dab in the middle of the workday. Sweet. 🙄
Wait!  What time is the game?  I might actually get to see it live then.
""
🎶I've been waitin most of the day for Wednesday Afternoon🎶
Dammit. That's actually hilairous.
carrie done shot about 5 dif songs waiting for this game
WAP: Wednesday Afternoon Primetime
The memes on this sub this week have been fucking spectacular
8:40pm kickoff in the UK! Will be nice not to be up until 4am on a weeknight!
"LOL, well done man."
Post it to the NFL sub. They’ll love it. Especially when they see your flair.
This game is not happening lmao
A Special ~~Thursday~~ ~~Sunday Afternoon~~ ~~Tuesday~~ Wednesday Edition of Sunday Night Football
Meanwhile I live in Seattle now so it's lunch time football. What an absurd time to start a prime time game. I already thought 5 PM was too early and now this.
*Bill Murray voice:* It's GAMEDAY... again
"*ever since we caught the covid you, you, you*"
Love it!
but what about fans that still have work
"I’m prepared for the downvotes: we should forfeit. With as many players that are infected, we should give it up."
"assuming it happens, ofc"
Well played!
If there was ever a time for me to say sure I'll day drink on my day off this is it!
This is crazy. At some point the NFL’s going to ask us to just play against both the Cowboys and Steelers at the same time.
So perfect
Rat birds delaying the game!
""
"Lmao, this is such a mess"
""
Anyone with a ravens flair is getting downvoted.
"It's moments like these when you realize that the majority on r/nfl are a bunch of actual children. 

They moved the game back because they don't want the Steelers to get covid, but god forbid you point that out on r/nfl"
"saw a dude say that this is all a ploy to get Lamar back on Wednesday, he was very up voted and all the responses were saying he's right. One raven fan stepped in and said he can't play till next week no matter what and got down voted to oblivion."
"I believe it... Nowhere is safe except Baltimore and even then, there are traitors amongst us lol"
"The way r/NFL is treating the Broncos situation versus the Ravens situation is downright embarrassing. To be so purposefully obtuse that 1 positive on Thursday + 3 close contacts = over 20 positives within the organization, with positives popping up every single day. They completely ignore the fact that the NFL has stated they will *not* be postponing games due to competitive imbalance. They (rightfully) point out that we brought this on ourselves, but there’s a suspicious lack of criticism for the multiple Broncos QBs how didn’t wear their masks and were uncooperative during contact tracing. 

All of this cognitive dissonance for what? To believe that the Ravens are somehow some golden child of the NFL??? And don’t even get me started on the people going “wElL tHe BrOnCoS sHoUlD hAvE LaMaR”...Lamar would have **played Thursday** had the game not been postponed, and now he’s out, fucking morons. And all of the people saying “bbbut no QBs!!!! The Broncos have no chance!!!!!” as if we have a fucking chance with half our practice squad playing. There’s absolutely no reason for me to be this frustrated over internet strangers, but the lock of nuance and common sense is actually hurting me."
"I still firmly maintain my position of who cares about the downvotes. 

However, [I can't help but be confused](https://imgur.com/DkFBnI1) while getting lectured on COVID protocols by fans of teams that let fans into their stadiums lol"
they hate us cuz they aint us
Already got banned from that shithole for like 3rd time
"I saw one Steelers fan who pointed out that the situation bw Baltimore and Denver are completely different and the Ravens didn’t exactly ask for this outbreak, they just were the unlucky ones to get completely screwed for someone breaking protocol.

He didn’t get downvoted to hell, had some decent ups even. Buuuut a reply or 2 basically saying “I mean I guess but still they’re a shithole organization” popped up and got the big like bar."
[Ravens fans getting the courage to post on r/NFL](https://imgur.com/gallery/J36sNn6)
"Got my post deleted for talking about lacking COVID precautions in the NFL.

I’m at home quarantined due to COVID. C’est la vie"
"They are so fucking mad about virus spreading during a pandemic, like they're so surprised that a virus could spread during a pandemic. They're taking the coach being a shithead and the nfl having ZERO contingency plans as the entire Ravens organization and their fans are huge pieces of shit lmao get the fuck outta here. I wouldn't really be mad if ravens lost a draft pick over this as it's probably deserved but y'all we are just fans of a game we all love and those guys in that subreddit are so salty like the players and the fans have a stake in the situation lmao."
Just imagine r/nfl when Bobby three sticks leads us to victory on Wednesday
Fuck em
"It's insane to me that people want us to play even though the virus ravaged us throughout our lineup and we could potentially have more positives. If we play and have more positives that come to light we would just be potentially infecting more from our team and the opposing team. 

It's absolutely rediculous that you can't explain that to anyone and you just get downvoted to hell. 

I'm all aboard making us forfeit but the NFL clearly doesn't want that, and r/NFL is convinced the league is playing favorites."
"People saying that if the Ravens win it would be the big unfair. If the Steelers can't win against the roster we're gonna have to field, then they very very much so deserved to have that loss on their record"
"I don't mind being downvoted, but man there is some bullshit getting upvoted. Some browns fan said the Ravens should be made to forfeit and reimburse the steelers, the nfl, and NBC for lost wages. Wat"
At this point I’d rather the game just get canceled
"Here’s an idea - just don’t go there. Don’t post/ comment if you’re going to just complain how it is there. We all know it’s toxic. Just do yourself a favour and stay out of there.

Edit: this is not directed at OP. Just a general idea."
I never went there before until a couple days ago when folk in here started mentioning it. Commenting in there was all good until the ravens flair randomly got added. Felt like I was undercover lmao
Fuck em. Embrace the heat. It’s nice
"NFL fans are super keen for Steelers players to catch COVID and players to get injured from lack of practice, for some damn reason"
BuT mUh MiNi ByE wEeK ?!!?!
"I mean try to understand them:

Covid is all painful and shit, but have you ever lost your mini bye week?

Thats what true pain is.

Steeler fans are so strong 

/s"
"It is what it is. We have problems, but we have also definitely been snakebit like a MF this season. Let them kick us while we are down we'll bounce back. Taking lumps is good for the club long term because to win the big dance they have to be able to deal with/overcome bullshit. We can take the internet hate. I still wear my Ravens gear in public and it's funny but they don't have the same energy in real life. Everybody is a keyboard warrior nobody wants to talk to a grown ass man like that face to face."
"lol i had to un-sub again it gets me too heated over there

&#x200B;

i have a much better internet experience when i leave toxic subs and when i don't read the comments on tweets.  try it!"
"Ahhh right back to the way it used to be, the way it should be. Feels right. Us against the world is the Ravens way"
Ya I had to unsubscribe from that cesspool for a while. I can't stand it right now. Honestly if there's anyone to blame it's the NFL. They watched the NHL pull off a COVID free bubble and decided they DIDN'T want to guarantee player safety and do a bubble as well.
"Fuck them, who cares.  As if us as fans control what happens.  I like trolling the Steelers personally.  It is so easy.  They act like everyone is out to get their 10-0 team..."
"Who cares? People wanted to behead the titans earlier in the year for their outbreak too. Especially after the players practiced. 

The fans of every team need someone/some team to blame for this shitty season(covid wise), it’s just our turn. 

It sucks even more for us because the team is playing extremely subpar at the same time. 

With that said, fuck that dude for not being responsible. You’d think a professional who makes hundreds of thousands would take more precautions around the team/players that help him get a paycheck."
"First and foremost I want everyone (beyond football too) to be healthy and okay and don't wish the illness on anyone of course.

That being said, the worse this gets the funnier that win over PIT is going to be on (insert day here)."
[removed]
"This is ridiculous this game should not be played right now. People who are AT RISK have got Covid. It is no longer even conceivable for us to forfeit as the Steelers have cases in James Conner, Mike Tomlin, and probably more. Meanwhile due to one terrible strength coach we are being denied the chance to protect ourselves or our players. This is bigger than football now. MOVE THIS GAME TO WEEK 18 and give everyone a mini bye for their troubles. C'mon NFL show some decency if you have ANY."
Honestly its the Ravens organization fault to be in this situation.  Forfeit or play is the only option to me.  There deserves to be consequences.
[removed]
""
[r/nfl right now.](https://streamable.com/kg4uo)
Whoever sent Roger the crab cakes deserves an award.
"I’m officially boycotting r/nfl

sPeCiAl TrEaTmEnT"
Can lamar be back for that
I kinda like this Tuesday football shit
"Well, I guess all I have to say to these whiny fans is: C U N(ext) T(uesday)"
"The Baltimore Ravens game at the Pittsburgh Steelers has been moved to Wednesday, December 2, at 3:40 p.m. ET and will be broadcast nationally on NBC.
 
Additionally, our week 13 game against Dallas Cowboys will be moved to Tuesday, December 8 at 8:05 p.m. ET and will be broadcast nationally on FOX/NFL Network/Amazon.
 
As we continue to follow the advice of the NFL’s health experts, as well as the Ravens’ medical professionals, we are preparing for our game against the Steelers. 
 
This evening, we hosted a safely distanced walk-through/conditioning session at the Under Armour Performance Center. Players arrived already prepared to work out on the field, and they did not enter the locker room or training room. 
 
We intend to hold another walk-through session on Tuesday, in preparation for traveling to Pittsburgh Tuesday evening."
"""This evening, we hosted a safely distanced walk-through/conditioning session at the Under Armour Performance Center. Players arrived already prepared to work out on the field, and they did not enter the locker room or training room.""

BRUH lmao...they should absolutely be nowhere near eachother right now."
3:40 is such a fucking stupid time
"For the rest of the season, they need to be an upstanding model for NFL protocols lol."
""
The fact that i still have faith shows how much I believe in this team
Obviously the game should be postponed until every person who has ever played for the Ravens is 100% ready to play.
[removed]
You ain't winning shit.
""
Facts 😂
"Bertha's Mussel's Stadium

Phillips Seafood Stadium

LP Steamers Arena

Jimmy's Famous Arena

Bo Brooks Coliseum

Am I missing any potential names to replace M&T Bank with?"
I just figured out how old I'll be that year and now I'm sad...
[removed]
[deleted]
""
Do they not understand that neither the ravens or the fans make the choices? This is the NFL’s decision.
"“Your team is fucking up the schedules of other teams” you mean like the titans did in week 4, which moved our bye week too?

People are idiots"
"Funny thing is they're dealing with COVID too, just not the the same extent. You don't talk shit about others when you're doing the same thing.

Edit: fixed spelling and removed all babies."
Sub is a fucking cancerous cesspool right now. Here I get downvoted and called a bandwagon fan for being too critical of the Ravens and there I get downvoted and called a fanboy for not wishing death on the organization lmao
Fuck the steelers
You’re safe here u/TigerBasket
"Don’t take it personally, all Ravens flairs have been downvoted for 0 reason all week. r/nfl is actually a bunch of tweens"
The salt is off the charts.
"Honestly I was very apathetic for this game up until this whole r/nfl fiasco started. I’m so pumped to watch tomorrow even tho I know we’ll still likely lose, but fuck every other team for shitting on fans nonstop when we are just tryna talk about the situation too. 

Fuck them clowns and fuck the Steelers"
"i think everyone’s forgetting that the nfl and nflpa have to do their investigation before anyone gets penalized. it’s only a matter of time before it happens to us, we ain’t getting away free for this one"
Us beating them with half the roster out >>>> sweeping them last year 🤣bragging rights forever
"This whole situation has taught me that the average fan has a very, very difficult time separating themselves from the team they root for. Even the most diehard Steelers (or any team for the sake of this point) fan is still just a fan. They don't play for the team, they don't draft the players, call the plays, make the decisions, anything. At all. I hate that Ravens \*fans\* are being attacked for the Covid outbreak with the team. As if we are to blame or something, it's just such a wild juxtaposition."
"Anyone who thinks the Ravens aren't about to get the Wrath of God rained down on them once the investigation is complete is just stupid, the NFL is more pissed than anyone that we're making them go through all these gymnastics to maintain their season.

Such a dumb take to say we're ""not getting punished for it"""
Was this in our sub??
"Imagine thinking the season was really going to run smoothly, and there wouldn't be any hiccups like this during a FUCKING PANDEMIC."
Lol “idk what you expect me to do about that though” is the perfect response
"I'd love it if we win, a couple pick 6s, a few good calls, a couple good plays is all it takes."
"I love how the Ravens aren’t even the ones fucking up the schedules. The NFL could have handled this however they wanted, and they chose to fuck up the schedules. It’s not like the Ravens unilaterally took over the league office and forced them to do this."
Man reddit really is filled with just a bunch of pussies. Fuck em and fuck the Steelers no more niceties time for us to be the bad guys again...the league has always hated us and that’s fine by me
You’re telling me the team with the serial rapist is telling us how we should be ashamed to root for our team? Fuck em all to death!
Fuck em
You didn't get downvoted for wanting the Ravens to win. You got downvoted for being a douche.
[deleted]
Lamar Jackson unleashed the inner Trump in a lot of people two years ago. I don’t think things have changed.
Fitting that it’s a WFT fan that said this.
I don't get it. How is this racist?
"IDK about racism but Lamar has been playing like shit (comparatively), I don’t know how people continue to think he’s some favored magical child with enough sway to move a game 3-4 times in a week. People have fallen completely blind to rational thought and logic."
Why do you think that's racist?
""
Quality post.
[deleted]
Link the comment if possible.
"I've heard it all. 

1. The Ravens are a big market team so the NFL favors them. 

2. Steve Bisciotti is buddies with Roger Goodell so that's why this is happening. 

3. Lamar is the golden child and the ""flavor of the month"" so they've postponed the Steelers game so he can play. 

4. The Ravens should lose 1st round picks for this (from a Patriots fan)"
"I’m currently being told that we’re receiving special treatment by having more time to prepare, but the steelers are receiving zero because “their situation isn’t changing.”

I guess extra rest doesn’t count."
"I think it's the complete cognitive dissonance.

Lamar Jackson is both bad at football AND the NFL golden-boy.

The 6-4 Ravens are getting preferential treatment because they are the Ravens, of the 21st media market in this country at the expense of a team that is 10-0 and has a national fan base"
"I don't mind them being emotional, because that's what football fans do, but I like the ones that are just flat out dumb. I can't find them again, but there were some like talking about how the Saints got punished for the locker room but the Ravens haven't gotten punished . . . as if like a month doesn't separate those two events and we all know the Ravens are going to get steep penalties from the NFL when the time comes."
"That’s we are the poster child this year and the NFL is gifting us wins 🤣

Where were you when we got “cheated by the refs” against pitt"
"It is abundantly clear that a) no one on r/nfl gives a shit about player safety and would happily let 11 practice squad guys die on the field vs the Steelers. And b) that the Steelers fans have 0 interest in playing us at even 80% strength, let alone 100%"
"https://reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/k46azu/_/ge6yxpb/?context=1

Here’s one from a Titans fan (lmao)"
The r in r/NFL stands for ”retarded”
"I have been avoiding /r/nfl for the past few days (and overall I try to stay out of there anyway). 

The last time I was in there somebody posted that Kaepernick at his peak was more dominant than Lamar at his peak."
Lamar got exposed
[removed]
So It's 100% that Ingram and Dobbins are eligible to play against Steelers? Where can i follow an updated list of the available and unavailable players? Sorry but i started following NFL (and ravens) recently... Thank you guys
Damn son u had me thinking you provided an updated list
"Ingram and Dobbins will both need to test negative (one or more times?) before they are taken off of the Reserve/COVID-19 List and then declared eligible to play. That being said, Ingram may still not be fully recovered from his ankle injury and both may not be in 100% football shape after testing positive on Nov 22.

&#x200B;

**Ravens' Mark Ingram: Potential chance to face Steelers** 

 [https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/players/playerpage/1623793/mark-ingram](https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/players/playerpage/1623793/mark-ingram)"
[deleted]
"I actually read the long version lol
But I see where you're going with this.
You had me having a flashback of that old show Biography lol
But I can only hope we are able to accomplish as much as BB has w/ the Pats in the same amount of time with our team."
Uh
I think these 2 things are very different things. Comparing critics of Lamar to racists of 1970's doesn't feel like there's a correlation.
"TLDR: Belichick’s HS coach, Al Laramore was a highly respected and successful coach who wasn’t afraid to integrate his high school teams. He was so ardent in breaking racial tension that he formed an all black basketball team and received so much hate from his community that he suffered from severe depression for years"
""
"Fuck you, but welcome aboard, we’re all on our way to tell goodell to fuck off"
Fuck the steelers
"Honestly I’m at the point where I say fuck us fans. We are the one who seem to be the most upset when we aren’t the ones out there putting our bodies and health on the line. We just want to be entertained. All this childish outrage is just that, Childish! Should just be glad we’ve had ANY football this year"
I hate you but I hate Goodell slightly more
#this is the way
Go away
[deleted]
"If it was the Steelers with covid the nfl would be doing the same god damn thing, it’s not like the delays are helping us, hell, we’re just getting more positive tests every day. We would’ve had a better chance to win if we had played on thanksgiving. Did the broncos get screwed, yes. Are the Steelers getting screwed, yes. Are the ravens getting screwed, yes. This is what happens when you play a sports szn without a bubble. We all knew this would happen multiple times during the season, this time it’s us. And it’s not like a group of our guys weren’t wearing masks *cough* it was one guy. Steelers fans need to get off their high horse."
"Just fuck r/nfl and reddit in general. It has always been a shitty echo chamber, but its more obvious now than ever how fucked up it is. No one cares about player safety, or about the facts. People will jump to any conclusion they want about anything, and then drown out anyone who disagrees with group think. It’s really sad and disgusting. Probably overall pretty unhealthy, and you can tell how close people are to snapping. Just gonna stick to this sub and even try to cut back on that"
"Steelers fans and playing the victim card, name a more iconic duo. I've never seen such nastiness from a team in prime position to not only win the division, but win the conference and even potentially go undefeated. Especially on something that is out of our control. Should we have been more cautious? Obviously yes, but the reality is we werent, so we are just adjusting on the fly because that's our only option. Just a bunch of fuckin crybabies those stupid yinzers. I used to hate-but-respect the Steelers. Now I just hate them."
I can't wait to see the results of the investigation. Did Steve Saunders spit into the Gatorade or something? Or has no one been following covid protocols at all within the organization? The ravens are a well run organization so the latter doesn't seem like them but who knows.
"Hearing ""the NFL is giving the Ravens whatever they want"" is really rich coming from the team that's only undefeated bc of terrible officiating decisions at the end of multiple games this season."
"Unpopular opinion... But something is going on with the leadership. I love us, but we've been having a lot of penalties.
The fact that a coach is responsible for this is.... Insane. But this also points us back to leadership.

Hopefully, we start tightening things up.

But you're absolutely right. They would have done this for any team in this situation."
Everyone is getting screwed but not everyone screwed themselves. You cant violate protocol then hold yourself up as a victim and pretend it's the same.
"I see a lot of the b word thrown around, I don't think hes a bust, but i'm getting worried."
"Tbh I don’t think it’s just one thing.. tiny bit of regression, tiny bit passing concepts, interior line, dare I say Lamar is a bit more skittish in the pocket this year (rightfully so)"
"Watch the Seattle game tonight, that's my feelings on brown"
Watching DK metcalf makes me sad... why is our team so god damn bad at drafting and developing wide receivers... we got to be hands down the worst in the league
">the b word thrown around

Bollywood?"
This team’s offense is not catered to his or any other of our WR’s skill set. He could be a decent WR in another team.
We want him to transform into the next great NFL WR.   There's still some hope.   But it's not looking too good
I still think hes going to be really good the offense just hasn't clicked at all compared to last year
"You mean Bollywood?


He would be a 2nd string wr in a meh passing team and 3rd WR/speed wr on good passing teams.


He lacks consistency. He just outran people in college. Now he realizes he has to fight for the ball and or postion for the ball. Lamar has missed him a few times. But yeah if someone breathes on him nothing is happening. At least Perriman attempts at a 50/50 ball. Just saying."
I would hate him less if he did not cry on Twitter
Straight up Soulja
"I think a combo of factors have led to his regression this season, just as a combo of things have led to Lamar's regression.

That being said, I think he still has the potential to be great. I think he needs to play from the slot though, and we need a true possession receiver for Lamar, Hollywood is simply too small for that role. 

It's just extremely disappointing and confusing how Hollywood was putting up better numbers last year when he was injured."
Part of it is on Roman’s routes but honestly he’s too small to compete for jump passes. Lamar sometimes overthrows deep passes but I think Hollywood needs to get better separation. Either way he needs to step up to match the talk he’s talking
Honestly we don’t throw enough for him to get a nice rhythm going. He’s not a WR that can sleep all game and break for 150 in the 4th. He needs his chunks here and there
Right now looks like he’ll end up never being any better than Torrey Smith was. Idk if you call that “bust” but do with it what you will
I’d give it time the problem isn’t his ability to run routes it’s his ability to adapt when Lamar extends the play. The second the ball isn’t there at the top of his route he needs to work back and get open as LJ rolls out of the pocket. Andrews does a great job at it. Brown just gives up and doesn’t even help with downfield blocking when someone else makes the play. Maybe it’s a chemistry problem that can be fixed over time maybe it’s just a diva receiver that doesn’t want to do the dirty work
He'll get bigger and better again during the off-season. Give him time. No reason to give up on him in a season where a lot of things have gone wrong on offense.
"Comparing his stats to last year, the only real difference is his Catch %. And I honestly think that is more a symptom of the overall offensive struggles we have had, not really him falling off like others make it seem. We need better passing schemes to get receivers some space. I still believe he is going to be an impactful player for us, once we get some creativity in our offense."
He is not a bust he just can't be a wr 1
I think he's going to put up on Wednesday
"Hollywood?

More like Nickelodeon."
""
😂 everyone is on some stuff bro. Most just don't get caught.
"Hamstring, ACL, collarbone, hernia, and rib injuries on his resume.  Wouldn’t shock me if PEDs were more recovery than getting bigger, stronger, faster.  

I doubt he passes a Ravens physical and it’s a Ryan Grant situation."
I knew he was on some shit after he returned in wk 4 from a hamstring injury and then suddenly started racking up 100 yards per game
Yes
"I'm pretty confident some people on here would've wanted us to sign AB even if he was a serial killer. ""But we can control him!"""
The suspension is probably good for his value since now he can’t get injured to end the season lmao
Next year... yeah you best believe it
"1.) Did you even read his fucking statement about the situation?

2.) He cannot be worse than what we have right now"
Sign us up for Allen Robinson but fuller would be a welcomed addition.
Wow down voted to hell in the comments but now Roby also gets a PED suspension for 6 games. Houston absolutely knows what's going on
Yes?? Lol
""
He’s colleagues like Dan Orlovsky and the hall of famer Steve Young were parroting the same talking point without thinking 2 seconds why lol
Bruh I get it though. Some people are fucking stupid thinking the Broncos situation is the ravens
I swear arguing with steeler fans about this has the EXACT same energy as arguing with a trump supporter
So refreshing to see someone actually using their brain
Love it
"Someone is issuing an apology in 18 hours, starting now...."
""
My breaking point was AJ Brown carrying our entire defense into the endzone for 8 yards
At least Hollywood isn’t N’keal Harry
Hollywood looks like a child cosplaying ALIEN when he’s on the field with that big-ass helmet on his tiny little head. Love the kid but he has got to step it up.
"Until we actually draft a WR that plays well for our team I will not believe we are capable of drafting and developing one.  These issues have been around as long as I have been a fan of the Ravens.  Anquan Boldin, Steve Smith, and Dereck Mason are our best WR's of all time IMO and none were drafted by us"
"I was just about to make a post about this. Shit is just painful to watch, just like our season."
I’d give it time the problem isn’t his ability to run routes it’s his ability to adapt when Lamar extends the play. The second the ball isn’t there at the top of his route he needs to work back and get open as LJ rolls out of the pocket. Andrews does a great job at it. Brown just gives up and doesn’t even help with downfield blocking when someone else makes the play. Maybe it’s a chemistry problem that can be fixed over time maybe it’s just a diva receiver that doesn’t want to do the dirty work
"Unpopular opinion: I don't think it's Hollywood's fault that he's doing this bad. For some reason, whenever we draft a WR, they end up being a bust while other people in their draft class end up going big which probably means the issues is in the organization. We saw Hollywood succeed in his first week and then slowly drop off which we thought was the injury but now clearly is more than that."
"I think EDC said draft Brown and someone made the wrong phone call. He meant AJ.

Metcalf balled out last night... Again"
[deleted]
"Even if this was true, who fucking cares?"
Marlon still running Twitter fingers on stuff he probably shouldn't. Not really surprising but would hope he'd eventually learn.
"We saw this exact same crew bash lamar in the chiefs game despite there being a bunch of drops and poor playcalling.

They've made every excuse in the book for wentz. It's amazing. He's being treated like he is an upstart rookie."
""
He literally killed our mayor and his daughter :(
"The Boys is an incredible show, for those wondering"
"aww thanks. youre all jaggoffs in my heart :)

&#x200B;

lol i laughed way harder than i should have at that"
"I am a Steelers fan who obviously despises the Ravens. However, my issue is with the NFL. They just hold teams to a variety of standards and arent consistent. That is why all of this hate is coming from both sides. That NFL makes it looks like the Ravens are the issue when in reality, if they were consistent with their standards, this would be a thing of the past already. Instead, they delay games like this one three times, they make the Titans play with zero practice against the Bills, the day before a game they deem the Broncos have no QB's that can play but wont delay the game, etc. Moral of the story is that both Steelers and Ravens fans can agree that NFL leadership is trash."
""
35 looks rough on Lamar
These memes though lol
Why does Ben look like Santa?
I’ve found a few of Marvins tweets making their way to r/nfl recently haha
