text
[deleted]
Not blindside
Yeah it’s literally right in his face lmao
I bet Rob's eyes were wide as dinner plates when the OL slid out lol
"Its not called a ""blindside"" sack just because the hit is so vicious that the qb goes blind for a second."
[deleted]
Don't pat yourself on the back too hard OP
I was more upset about them trading back twice to skip on Ridley and DJ Moore
"What is the point of this? To float he's injured? ""Hah! We didn't get him look how injured he is!""

This doesn't relate to the Ravens, why does this sub feel the need to take all r/NFL news and make it about us?

A lot of teams passed on James, he has bad injury luck as of late. That's it."
Still wouldve wanted to draft him not getting the point here
I was so upset when we passed on James to trade back at 16. Looks like Ozzie knew something the rest of us didn't.
"Sad for him, but good for us. Aways happy to see potential playoff rivals lose key players to injuries."
""
"Credit to Gardner Minshew, he took that hit like a champ and got right back up."
A classic play from Ravens legend Kenny Young lol
This made me laugh way too much.
"Jesus the roast of the Jags isn't even going to be fun, went from super bowl aspirations 2 seasons ago to rebuilding"
Jags fan. Can confirm. Life is pain. Enjoy Calais
"Let’s wishbone the offense 😂 Ingram, Dobbins, Fournette, Andrews, Boyle, Ricard /s"
"If Dobbins wasn’t drafted this year, I’d be all over the Ravens signing Fournette. Would be so good in the read option system"
Is minshew really so bar that they don't even wanna try to build around him? It's like they're setting him up for failure at this point.
"I remember a press conference in 2017 where a reporter was giving Ozzie a hard time for picking almost all defensive players. He responded by pointing out that it’s stupid to pass on a great player just because he’s on the wrong side of the ball. He followed up with “If Leonard Fournette had still been available at 17 we’d have picked him.” Poor us, we got stuck with Marlon Humphrey instead"
Oh lort
Any chance we think about trading Gus to Jacksonville?
More like me after drafting him on my fantasy league
Funny how Minshew has the same amount of playoff wins as Lamar. For now 😏
""
question: who the fuck is our TE3 going to be??
It looks like they're actually going to hold on to him for now. https://twitter.com/AaronKazreports/status/1300451244469825540
If Eli Wolf makes the roster is he an honorary member of the Wolfpack?
Hopefully Delanie Walker is on the way
Damn apparently he was actually playing his size this camp I’m surprised they cut him.
My bet is they roll with Ricard and bring in Walker/other vets who get cut for some workouts after Week 1
Damn thought he was gonna get the nod. ELI WOLF.. ACTIVATE
"Good luck to him in his football career, I thought he was gunna step up to be TE3 this season."
Oh no! I thought he knew the offense really well and was a great blocker. Probably a PS candidate is why he was released early.
""
You should maybe put a title so that people don’t assume it’s the same thing as the previous post aka Scarff being cut.
""
"Unless JK balls out incredibly hard, I don’t see him truly supplanting Ingram this year 

I think to start, it’s gonna be like 50% Ingram, 25% JK, 15% Gus, 10% Justin Hill

I expect JK to take 5% of Gus’s and Justice’s carries and maybe some of Ingram’s as well by mid-season. 

So it would be like 45% Mark, 35-40% JK, the rest split between Gus and Hill. 

2021 I think JK will be lead dawg but I hope we can keep Mark around ... maybe extend him 1 year to lower his cap."
I dunno. Mark Ingram is **so** good with LJ at the mesh point. It's a key part of this offense. We saw Gus doesn't quite have that mind-meld that LJ and Mark have. Interested to see how Dobbins does. But has to bee something to keep in mind when it comes to who's getting carries.
I took jk in every league expecting him to take the lions share of the carries by midseason. We'll want to keep Ingram healthy for the playoffs
I'd say week 11 barring Ingram has an injury before that
"He could be like Ekeler this year, just catching passes"
""
"Wow, a return guy with no camp issues. I must be dreaming"
Urge to simp...rising...
"Proche was the steal of the draft. 

How does a guy with 300+ Catches, 35+ TDs, less than 10 drops, nearly 5,000 total yards, team captain, 4-year starter, hands for days and he can return remain on the board until 6th round? 
 
He’s a dawg, a football player that plays receiver, and will be a Raven for a long time."
I don't know what the draft scores on him were but I really liked his highlights.  He looked good at making difficult catches. I hope he isn't afflicted with drops. Rooting for this guy.
so so excited for him
""
"Redskins? Who are they? Soccer, field hockey? XFL?"
"Was grateful to grab a piece of the Ravens this year in fantasy. Lot of Raven fans in my league so wasn’t able to grab anybody last year. 

Was able to get JK Dobbins and the Raven Defense in this years draft. Lamar, Hollywood, and Mark Andrews were all keepers unfortunately. 

Trying to think of a team name!! Was thinking “Don(‘t) Wink”, or “I’m JK”. 

Any suggestions??? 

I think I’m pretty stacked this year in fantasy, hope anyone else who drafted is looking good.💪🏽"
J.K and the Joker
"My team name is Big Black Caw. 

I wanted Mark Andrews but he was nabbed the pick before mine. I got the Baltimore Defense though."
Dobbins is a Free Elf
Yippie Ki Yay Justin Tucker
Truzz Lightyear
How effective would he have been if he was playing with Lamar Jackson ?
Considering you still need to catch the ball to play wide receiver roughly as effective as he was before. Maybe a few more jet sweeps or other gadget plays but largely the same player.
Lamar doesn't play special teams so I can imagine anything would be much different aside from starting at the opponents 40 most drives
Well he’s a killer returner so we’d be starting with awesome field position most of the time
This man.. i copied all of his dance moves. All of em. All of us RAVENS fans owe him.. and i do too.. lol
"Picked off Lamar, and returned a kick. Will Nigel continue the un-drafted rookie streak?"
"I'll be honest, when I was making cuts in madden I cut him cause I thought he was a random fake filler player without a picture and a fake sounding name. Ended up resigned to the practice squad i think."
After last few days I think he has a legitimate chance. Was initially thinking Chauncey Rivers for OLB depth/development
Nigel is my boy and I love that he’s getting the opportunity. He absolutely should’ve been drafted and is one of the better UDFAs I can remember over the last few years by any team.
""
"Reminded me of the video of Brian Billick [""encouraging""](https://youtu.be/LluesncBJGo) Trent Dilfer."
"Hah! 

Trent was just barely good enough to get us to that championship. 

You could say, ""well, he took care of the football,"" but he didn't even really do \*that\*, either. IIRC, he actually threw a pick *in the Super Bowl*, but it was called back on an unrelated penalty on the defense. I'm not looking it up; someone correct me if I'm wrong."
A few years get taken off my life every time someone tries to say the 2000 ravens offense was good/mediocre.
I re-watched most that Super Bowl years ago and think I remember him missing a lot of open dudes and I was just thinking how much more Ravens would've smoked them if Flacco were QB.
Trent Dilfer being such hot garbage really makes that championship even cooler though
Still better then Tony Banks
"I re-watched that game last year and what stood out to me the most was not how dominant our defense was, but just how bad Trent was.  He missed so many wide open passes and the offense could have realistically scored 3 or 4 more TDs.  This post is one of a few times a wide open receiver could have walked in to the endzone if we had a decent QB throwing to them."
Dilfer Dime
Well at least he made the right read
And to think Dilfer thinks Baltimore did him dirty by replacing him.
Accidental never in history ball.
"I am not a qb guru, but even 10 year old me knew Dilfer had atrocious footwork"
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/sap9ik327ek51.gif?format=mp4&s=b38c1b2119302ec446801c2b890bb58c3ee71a51)

---
This mp4 version is 97.21% smaller than the gif (345.82 KB vs 12.1 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
"In 2000, Patrick Johnson had a 32.4% catch % (pro football reference).  The lowest of his career.  So if the pass had been on target, he'd have probably dropped it."
""
Derek is a competitor to the fullest but he has a great sense of humor. Love having him around and hope he gets a bunch of media time despite all the stars on our team. His interviews when he signed were the most fun I’ve seen from a player IMO.
"I think sometimes we forget how much of a Bus, Gus actually is"
I'm so excited to see this guy on the field. His signing has been completely eclipsed by Campbell. I just can't wait for opening day man these boys are going to eat!
"I know I’m clearly biased, but this team is so stacked offensively and defensively. I’m trying not to get my hopes up but I don’t know how we won’t dominate this season"
[deleted]
My first ravens game. One of HEAAAAAAPs best moments at the end.
Unbelievable how short these games can run if we just focus on the actual playtime... thanks for sharing! I needed this.
Our offenses under Billick were so bad lol. Steve McNair turned it on for that last drive and Mr. Dependable Todd Heap making plays like always! The chargers taking that safety made absolutely zero sense since they had to punt the ball right after giving up the safety lol
Heap was a monster
"HEAAAPPP! McNair had guys in his grill all drive, that man could maneuver around and make something from nothing. 06 was a great squad. Even Clayton had it on that last drive 🤦‍♂️"
I was at this game and have the picture if heap’s diving TD framed and I remember that TD vividly but I did NOT remember that SD took an intentional safety in this game. Interesting!
"That defense was the definition of “bend, don’t break” and sometimes they didn’t bend either."
Lol @ that arm punt at [https://youtu.be/3YRtdsgkfy0?t=474](https://youtu.be/3YRtdsgkfy0?t=474)
First Ravens game I ever attended. I’ll never forget this game
"That defense was so fucking good. This was prime LT running behind a beastly OL and outside of run, he was bottled up for most of the game."
"So everyone knows what happened with earl, from him fighting with big baby last year to the final straw with Chuck Clark and everything in between. Im curious to think if anyone thinks this will be a blemish on edc. Every medium to big name free agent (or trade) hes brought in has either played out or im excited to see play out (Campbell and wolfe), from him getting a 4th pick for flacco to what he's put together this year is par none (maybe ozzie) but will signing earl to such a hefty contract be a blemish on his record?"
"Nah, he just didn't pan out."
Not a blemish at all.. by every account a guy on pace for a HOF career is someone who you want on your team.. we know what a good FS does for the DBs and defense in general by being blessed with Reed for so long.. and I mean we got a good season out of him.. if they beat the contract what did we really lose out on?
"I can't see how it would this early in his career as GM, it's not his fault Earl couldn't put his ego away and not be a prick"
"It all depends on how the grievance plays out. Really it was a an overpay in the first place especially when he was only getting 1 year deals when the ravens signed him to 4 with alot of upfront guarantees.  EDC has made way more good moves then bad but did get over aggressive with the ET3 signing in hindsight.   Still if thats his worse ""blemish"" I'm more then happy."
"Earl Thomas is a Hall of Famer and isn’t washed up. You take a chance on that. Some weird shit happened with him that I don’t think is fair to expect EDC to have foreseen.

Not going to be on his highlight reel but it was defensible and we got a very good year out of him."
"People in here will say no, but he was pretty much objectively EDCs first real mistake as GM. It won't stick with him any more than signing Frank Walker or Elvis Grbac stuck with Ozzie, in a couple year's time no one will care one way or the other, that being said it was a bad move really from the start. Signing a guy over 30 coming off a broken leg (and other injury issues in his last few years in Seattle), who really didn't fit our system given that Wink's defense really doesn't call for a single high safety in the back end, to a really big 4 year deal was doomed from the start - it's really just weird that it was character issues that ended this stint, either way I don't think his time here would have lasted much longer, probably wouldn't have survived next offseason.

Despite being good for us, he wasn't playing at the level of his deal and, again, didn't fit the system, so I don't doubt that we were happy to use our ""out"" on his deal when it became possible."
It is definitely a blemish no other team offered him anything more then a one year deal.  We bid against ourselves to give him the contract we did.  Oh on top of that he had no contact with anybody in the organization before the offer was actually made so this wasn’t just a questionable move with hindsight.  I still love EDC though he’s been really great other then that.  I mean fuck even Ozzie has a blemish or two with the obvious one when we sent Boldin away for peanuts.
""
TRUSS is a helluva drug!
YESSSSSSSSIR.
browns texans chiefs to start the year off i am so hard
Starting to BELEE!
"Speaking of, its annoying that its Truzz in Madden.

Granted there's a bazillion annoyances in madden, but ""truzz"" is front and center so much its really annoying"
**The Steelers. Fuck Them.**
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-Playoff-Predictions-eiueei](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-Playoff-Predictions-eiueei)

of course i have us in there"
""
Best organization in football
"""I'm never watching the NFL again!"" - Someone who I don't give a fu** if they don't watch the NFL again.

Great and powerful stuff."
"I am so proud to be a fan of the Baltimore Ravens. 

There are not any other teams I am aware of that are legitimately calling out politicians by name and using their platform to catalyze change. This gives me so much pride and a sliver of hope amid all of the disheartening and discouraging things that are going on in our country."
"I'm surprised Lamar Jackson didn't speak or sign the letter. The one person that should put the scare of God into McConnell is Lamar who is uber popular in the Louisville, Kentucky area. But, my guess is he doesn't feel comfortable being on the forefront because he just wants to focus on football. This reminds me a little of MJ who never got political no matter the event or the temptation. Lamar Jackson is all football and that's fine because he's only 23 and still learning."
"Every single day I become prouder and prouder to be a fan of this team, look at Calais fit right in with the squad 💜🖤"
"Very proud of our team leading the way and being a platform for a louder voice but Moscow Mitch is a piece of shit.

I highly doubt he'd let Democratic legislation get passed before elections are over. Genuine snake"
"This is the coolest team in football. Like I've never seen a team with this kinda balls honestly. As much as it isn't a political stance, idiots will see it that way and they know it and aren't afraid. Mad respect."
"So proud. If this offends you, I sincerely hope you take time to self reflect.

So damn proud."
I love this team.
Twitter replies literally raising my blood pressure
Where’s Lamar?
That’s my team. Damn fine human beings.
"Damn, what a franchise. Love being a fan!"
"My letter would be shorter.

""Die already you won't be missed"""
Edit - I stand corrected
"W

We’ve come so far since the Kap shitshow in 2017"
I hope this gets enough attention to get more teams to do the same. My only (very minor) gripe is that this was only the players read and signed this but making this video and releasing on the official twitter account speaks volumes about the support from the rest of the organization.
"Best organization in the NFL, PERIODT"
"I'm a Howard County native but grew up a Washington fan. The Ravens really are a class act and I'm proud to support them as my AFC team. 

Also loved seeing RG3 on there. I'm glad he's found a home."
Im so proud of this team.
"You never expect the insta comments to be the worst ones, but they are"
"Loved it, but I don’t think I saw LJ’s signature or name anywhere on that. Did I miss it?"
Watching this for the first time live on Facebook was not ideal
"Meanwhile if Biscotti was a Trump supporter everyone here would be hating him and denouncing football. BLM is a political organization, nothing more. You can be black and not support them ya know"
[deleted]
""
Aka Pick Six Shawty
Is a straight DAWWWGGG
"Minnesota traded Pick 170 to the Ravens for Vedvik. Baltimore traded their own Pick 173 and Kenny Young for Peters. So while of similar value, Vedvik's pick did not directly turn into Marcus Peters."
Harbaugh looking at him like they know they’re about to finesse
I don't get it. Does *Vedvik* translate to *Pick*?
Juice man
[deleted]
Gaaaah he needs the shades!
[deleted]
I've struggled to find any decent ravens/orioles decorations for mine over the years.  Only things I've used and liked were shot glasses / beer mugs and some other random glass gear.
""
That’s kind of... disturbing
r/unseejuice
Really not sure I liked that.
The raven just wants pets and she’s out there exposing its ear hole to the internet.. smh.
"Quoth the raven, “stop fucking with my feathers”"
""
""
I think you’re way too high on the Cardinals lol
Trash op
I don't think the Chiefs make it to the AFC championship round. Otherwise fine.
Looks good but the bills as the 3 seed? I’m not expecting bill belichick to lose the division to the bills when he hasn’t for the past 20 years. Not that they’d go deep in the playoffs with Cam but still.
"obviously the ravens went 19-0.

nfc west was extremely competitive, I don't know why I'm so high on the cards but that's what it is. 

browns almost made it to the playoffs but they brown'ed.

the afc east really sucks this year. no contest for the bills.

the titans aren't gonna be good. fuck them. colts almost made it.

the lions i had almost making it, but green bay runs away with that division in the last few weeks.

the nfc east is the most mediocre division in the nfl."
"He's out for the year and will have missed 26/32 games when 2021 starts. I know a lot of people still wish we got him over Hurst, but we dodged a bullet."
"I get it, but his entire life, career, and injury history would be different if he was drafted by anyone else. 

Hope he comes back healthy, he’s a monster when on the field."
If he becomes a free agent at some point because of repeated injury which given his injury history in college and the NFL is likely then I would totally love to bring him in.  It’s definitely worth the risk.
"Back at it again on a different day with this post? Since you deleted it yesterday I'll repost my comment:

What is the point of this? To float he's injured? ""Hah! We didn't get him look how injured he is!""

This doesn't relate to the Ravens, why does this sub feel the need to take all r/NFL news and make it about us?

A lot of teams passed on James, he has bad injury luck as of late. That's it."
"I don't know what stats you're looking up but stop going to that site. He didn't miss a game his rookie year, and that included 2 playoff games. He played in 5 more last year. To date he has only missed 11 of 34 the chargers have played. 16 more is 27/50.

And the dodged a bullet idea is nonsense. He should have been drafted by us instead of w/e they were thinking with Hurst. A fluke injury that will cost him his 3rd NFL season isn't a reason not to have taken him in hindsight. Hurst isn't even on the team anymore, and we've had a revolving door at safety."
"Super easy to say in hindsight.

I would've still preferred him over Hurst on the off chance that he stays healthy on a different team, or that he comes back from the extensive injuries and is able to show his stuff.

100% still better on potential to do ANYTHING than Hurst was. IDK how we can ""dodge a bullet"" on a pick where we got minimal value out of and ended up getting extremely lucky to trade for a solid pick."
[deleted]
The Ravens have a 31-11 record against their week 1 opponent
How did you get 42 week 1 games when the Ravens have only had 25 week 1s so far?
And that record has gotten worse in the past 2 years going 1-1 each  of them
[deleted]
""
This is a really old tweet
Black and Yellow was a great wiz khalifa song to be fair
"Man I still want Dez...not really to be our #1, #2, or even #3. I just wanna see his big ass go out there and block or go for a goal line fade."
Sign him
""
We’re officially 14 days from waking up every Sunday to see Lamar light a defense up!! So excited for the NFL season.
One of the few good ones I've seen.
"Let's Go boyz, so pumped for the szn, lets get out there and dominate!"
"Really good mix. 

I’m so ready for another season of plays to be made to be added to future highlight vids."
[deleted]
No. Pay for good content. It's dirt cheap for a full year
Install [this](https://github.com/iamadamdev/bypass-paywalls-chrome) extension in your browser and you'll be able to read it
""
To match his sunglasses obviously.
"We had an Ayanbadejo on both Super Bowl teams, is this the secret to unlocking the third ring?"
I’m assuming he’s in “street clothes” with his jersey on top. He was placed on IR in November with a toe injury.
He's not dressed for the game. The players who were inactive for us during that game all wore uniforms without pads so they wore whatever accessories they felt like.
""
Gimme some pads and a helmet and I'll fill in for Ingram at $100k
only if we were naked
"10 years ago?  Yeah. It would hurt, but I could probably emerge without a significant injury. 

Now?  Hell, no. 

Don’t get old, kids."
Id pay $100k to be tackled by him
"Yeah, 100k would go a long way"
Yes
I'd do it for 1/100th of that.
I could have a pretty sick funeral with 100k.
"I know he's huge and still everytime I see him standing beside other huge men, it blows my mind. But yes"
$100K ain’t even gonna cover my medical bills for after.
100k wouldn’t even cover the hospital bill he would cause. Smh
"Calais is too nice of a human to do any serious damage, so absolutely."
"Yes, because I feel like after tackling me, he will be comforting, and give me a big hug and tell me everything is going to be alright."
Are you asking would I try or would I actually get him on the ground? Either way it's a no.
"As long as the medical staff was made available. 

He would probably go easy on a short, fat, bald man such as myself, but it would still hurt for sure."
"Baker’s gunna get millions for the same deal, not fair!"
I think people underestimate most people's crushing financial situations because I'd do this for like $500
Yep
Yeah I’d take a whole practice of hits for that lol. Obviously hs football is different than the nfl but I think I could take a few nfl hits before breaking some bones
Where do I sign
"sure I got free medical insurance.  I mean the 2-3 years of rehab will suck, but I'll take the hit for 100k"
No. I wouldn’t be alive to spend it lmao
I would grab the rock and run at him for 100k.
Shit he can do it ten times rack up a mil
"Jesus that dude's a fucking monster. 

He's in the background of the photo too so he should be smaller! (Although I know the photo is taken from a higher angle... physics is stoopid)"
Yes so my student loan debt can be replaced by medical debt
Yes if I was living in a country with free health care
if it was full speed i would probably die
"Hell yes, I'd let him tackle me for HALF that."
Would I live from it
Im about the same size as Gus so if he can take it I like to think I could.
Yes
"Perhaps. Do I get pads and a helmet? If not, not, Id die on impact."
Yeah... Honestly it probably wouldn't be that bad... It would suck but it wouldn't nearly be as bad as getting hit by a gunner while returning a punt
Yes
Hell No
Hell yes! Have you seen that NFL network show where he’s breaking down film and he shows Baldinger how he attacks a lineman at the start of a play? It would be over before you knew what happened.
For 100k absolutely
I'd have to check my out of pocket maximum on my health insurance. Would def take more than $100k to rebuild every bone in my body
"Dude seems so fucking cool, definitely a guy to carry on the spirt of Mark. These guys are going to be great together! Hopefully for quite a few years to come."
He banged my girlfriends cousin
"Same man. As well as Gus. I think it's been great to see the community collectively all believe in Gus since the preseason of his first year.

This year feels like the team is really gelling.

Hoping we wear a Mo patch and win the SB for him"
"Y’all got a stud in Dobbins, best RB in the 2020 draft. This is coming from a lions fan."
Sound like Harbs is as well saying he's getting a significant role in the offense this season
"2nd all-time in rushing at Ohio State behind a 2x Heisman Winner. Think about that, in this air-raid day in age. In only 3 years. Unreal."
Me too!. I bought Madden because Lamar is on the cover and i'm always trying to get him snaps.
""
This is borderline p0rn/NSFW.  I'm bookmarking it right away.
Reeeeeeeeeeed.
I wish they were all just the standard live TV footage. But I do love Gerry's calls.
"11 seasons as a Raven, with 61 career INTs during that time. That’s an average of over 5 INTs a season. That’s actually really legendary"
Why was he so cruel to the Browns and Bengals?  Nobody likes a bully.
I keep hearing all this about how Lamar is working on his deep ball and going to run less this year. I don't get why people want to turn him into a pocket passer. I say  let him do what made him a star.. really hope they don't try to force him to be something he's not
"I don’t think they’re trying to change him, more just improve a portion of his game. If we need a few quick strikes to catch up, it’s good to have the deep ball skills to get those points back quick. He’s already showed those skills, I think they’re just focusing on that this year, since that’s kinda what we needed last year in the playoff game."
"I don't get the impression they are forcing him to do anything.  If you listen to what Lamar has talked about the last 2 years, much of what they are working on are the same things he has said he wants to work on.  He is a Quarterback and his main purpose is to distribute the ball.  Passing is a huge component to that in this league.  Lamar improving his ability to pass, anticipate routes, work on his touch and delivery is important.

Again, all of this has been stated candidly by Lamar himself.  He has even talked numerous times about not running as much himself.  That isn't trying to mold him into something he is not, that is just him wanting to make more plays with his arm.  The better he can throw, especially deep, the more opportunities he will have to make big plays with his feet as well.

Think about it this way, if a team has to really worry about your deep pass game, then they have to keep their safeties deep or keep CBs in more off coverage.  They can't just press and play the box all the time.  When you get them to respect that, it will give Lamar more options to be versatile and use all of his skills as a runner and a passer.

Finally, if you look at everything they have done the past few years, they have sold out on being all in with Lamar.  They have changed the style and dynamic of the team to fit more of Lamar's style of play.  But like all teams, they need to constantly change some things and switch some things up to keep opponents guessing."
"Lamar will never turn into Checkdown Joe. 

That’s because he’s his own checkdown. Lol"
I think we will see Lamars career mirror Russell Wilson. When Russ first came into the league he ran a lot and used a ton of read option. Running ability allows a QB to limit turnovers or not force bad throws. As he got more comfortable and experienced they let him throw way more and limit the amount of running.
"Misinformation is part of the off season. They did the same thing last year. Even if they change nothing, they're not going to admit that to all the other teams out there."
That was Caldwells bullshit
I heard he is licking both hands now.
You're falling for it just like they hope other defensive coordinators fall for it. Do you really think Lamar isn't still going to run and make people look foolish with his legs?
""
I assume Harbs would just rope a dope until Jimmy pulled something
"As an avid mma fan, Harbs would kick the ass of every other NFL coach. Not even close"
Harbs' second watch is for clockin those reps
Man looks great for 60- whatever.
Had no idea Harbs was so ripped
John CARBaugh vs. GYMmy Smith
Oh shit guess his madden model is actually legit.
Jimmy would eat Harbaugh’s biceps for a small snack between breakfast and lunch and after that.... what was your question again?
[deleted]
""
lol i did indeed
Well done! I didn’t even see it until the end.
""
If we have to keep one in order to keep Lamar. We gotta keep our o line strong. I really don't want Marlon to go tho.
""
Should have just bought the box Fuck madden
I know its lamar but i wish people would stop spending money on this shit game. At their board meetings they probably have a good laugh at how people still buy this shit when they don't even try
It's frustrating that Lamar got stuck with this dog shit retread of a game and the worlds most amateur cover art.
[deleted]
Poor Gus
"John Harbaugh said rookie RB J.K. Dobbins will probably have a ""significant"" role this season. He raved about Dobbins' confidence and coachability.

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
That’s great to hear about Tyre
Dobbins is gonna be so fucking good in this offense man. I love Ingram but Dobbins is gonna take that starting job by the the end of the year.
"Out of all the potential replacements for Yanda that we had this offseason, Phillips is the one I least suspected to earn the starting job. But if he’s outplaying Powers, Bredeson, Makari, AND Fluker then I’m not gonna complain about that."
Plus Madabuike is gonna rotate on that line a bunch
guys we have our own saquon :)
Did something happen to Madubuike and Harrison?
Means we’re gonna have a really good young team for a long time
And the sky is blue. I hate training camp stories. Bring me the season already.
"Despite unusual training camp and no preseason, Ravens should get immediate impact from handful of rookies:

Patrick Queen: Starting MLB
J.K. Dobbins: 'Signficant' role as backup RB
Devin Duvernay: In mix as WR/KR
Tyre Phillips: Potential starter at guard
James Proche: Punt ret.

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
"Arthur Brown. Such a fast lb with good tackling, couldn’t get off blocks for shit though. Ravens weren’t able to develop that out of him"
[deleted]
Tim williams
I thought Maxx Williams was gonna be the next Kelce in terms of receiving. Oh how that draft ruined me 🙃🙃🙃🙃
"He was a beast at blocking field goals. 

My pick is Matt Elam. He was good in college and just was awful from day 1. Wasted a first rounder on that dickhead."
Breshad Perriman
"Mothafuckin Yamon Figurs, he had a solid rookie season and I thought we'd stumbled upon the next Devin Hester.

(I know that's an insane thought to have, in my defense I was 11 at the time)"
"I thought Mark Clayton was going to be the next Derrick Mason. He was a younger, faster version. Had all the opportunity to learn and develop from Mason himself. Just couldn't figure out catching."
"Demetrius ""Spiderman"" Williams

I watched the guy close in college and was certain his game would translate."
Thoughts on Sergio Kindle?
"Already been said but Tim Williams and Sergio Kindle

Still butt hurt"
"Tim Jernigan watched him a couple times when he was at Florida State and thought the dude was a monster.  Pschyed we got him and thought he could be the next Ngata, oh how wrong I was."
"Tavares Gooden. 

I was maybe 15-16 when he was on the team with Ray and I was like “he’s a MLB from Miami so he’s gonna be the next Ray Lewis!”

Yeah...that didn’t pan out."
"One of the more recent ones was Nico Siragusa.  He was running with the first team his rookie year in camp and a lot of great talk about him.  Then injury and never really came back.  

Some others that I bought into based on draft hype were Maxx Williams, Carl Davis, and Terrance Brooks.  All of those guys were lauded as “steal of the draft” and A+ picks, but just never happened."
Dan Cody
"Tavares Gooden. He was starting next to Ray, assumed he had the best chance to take a leap learning next to the GOAT."
"Say what you want about Cody but he swallowed Jamaal Charles in a critical playoff game, dude was not the same after he fumbled.

https://www.baltimoreravens.com/video/charles-fumble-7665625"
Travis Taylor was fast as hell but had no heart.
Art Brown. I still don't understand how the Ravrns and the college scouts and analysts were so wrong. I barely even saw him on the field.
Patrick Johnson. That dude was so fast but looked like he had never even seen a football until draft day. He caught footballs the way I punch drywall.
Mark Clayton.
Courtney upshaw
Sergio Kindle.
Perriman
"Matt Elam on defense.
Kenneth Dixon on offense."
I feel like most of the draft picks have been covered.. so I'm gonna go with a free agent and say 🤢🤢 Jeremy Maclin.
"Bronson Kaufusi - definitely not my first pick but didn't do anything for us

Also I thought Elam would be good, so I may not know much"
had to come back to put tommy streeter and clarance moore lol OG. ravens fans remember clarance moore lol
LaQuan Williams
Kyle Boller
"Maxx Williams. Not only because we got him and I thought he was gonna be great, but we jumped over Pittsburgh, who were definitely going to pick him. He was talked about as a dark horse OROY, and then didn't do very well. The Steelers didn't do much better, but damn, I was hyped for him"
Perriman. I still feel like a fool for putting as much faith as I did in him
Terrance Brooks on D and Tony Banks on O. A freak injury playing beach volleyball!?!
"Michael Campanaro, even though he was a late round pick he showed a ton of promise. Couldn't stay healthy though.

Just learned he's out of football now :("
"Fuck..breshad ""insult to bricks""... Perriman. I was hyped finally the Ravens draft a WR early and he's fast to go with flaccos deep bomb. He gets hurt flacco becomes Capt checkdown and the dude looked like he was playing defense every play. IIRC he had a couple of INTs caused by the ball just bouncing off him. Other finalists include arthur brown, Matt fucking elam, and sergio kindle (honestly this one is sad)"
sergio kindle smh and perriman tbh
Terrance Brooks
"Tom zibikowski, thought he’d be a good ss next to reed"
Michael Oher.  He was supposed to be our franchise left tackle but couldn’t even play right tackle.  The line that Flacco had makes me wonder how he didn’t get hurt more often.
"LEE EVANS. THE DROP.  


sorry had to."
""
This is sick man
You can still go hard on the streets on Saturdays/early Sunday’s to rep the Flock. It’s what I do on my 600rr.
"Why didn't I think of wearing my jersey over my jacket, damnit? Extra .0001 seconds of slide protection! :D

Oh yeah cuz it's hot as shot and I can barely bring myself to wear the jacket anyways haha."
""
Justin Ellis and Jihad Ward head butting each other on the beginning is so funny to me
Marlon is so damn likable
Marlon with the visor tint is lethal
Any idea what the yellow helmets notify at 4:04?
[deleted]
You made a whole post to complain because of probably one person. Seems pretty sensitive to me.
So do we sign Fournette and have all running backs on every play? /s
It’s all TEs and RBs. Always has been.
"Fuck it, while we're at it, since apparently the Saints are open to trading him, might as well take a swipe at Alvin Kamara

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Also, imagine LJ and Kamara on the same field.... 🍆💦💦💦"
[removed]
".......Why is this a post? 🤔 I feel you're trying to draw out something contentious. You know we could do both, right"
Mo
Mo
"Mo

Possible unpopular opinion, I don’t support honoring anyone involved in an investigation until the investigation is totally complete and all of the facts are known. I’m not saying Blake was wrong or right, I’m saying no one REALLY knows who was wrong or right in this specific situation. I just don’t support jumping to conclusions. 

If they want to make a statement or wear something that supports an idea or belief in general, like inclusion or anti-racism, I totally support that."
Mo.
Mo
Mo 100%
[deleted]
"You know you did good when your #32 pick redrafts #1 overall and your 3rd rounder is a mid first round pick 

That’s sexy af

If they did the whole 1st round I bet Mark Andrews would be in here too"
If you don’t want to see “Lamar Jackson to the Browns” it’s probably best to avoid 2018 redrafts lol
Lamar Jackson on the Browns would be in a wheelchair right now
Hue was the coach at the time you know damn well he wouldve switched to wr like a moron
Chubb was a stud in the second round of this draft but how would Saquon not go at 4...?
Lamar honestly landed on the best team possible. There are maybe 2-3 other teams that would have tried to build the offense around Lamar but the Ravens had the best coaches before they drafted Lamar. Orlando Brown a first round pick after we got him in the third? Nice.
Yeah Darold at 3 is rediculous
I would definitely draft Baker over Josh Allen.
"It's funny because last year (before the season started) the NFL put out a video on this... How quickly things change.

https://youtu.be/049NFPXK-PI"
"Some of ozzies finest work in his final draft

*chefs kisses"
Mark Andrews must be #17 if he's not in that list.
"Lamar wouldn't find the levels of success he has with us. 

Because we actually took the time to build around him and help him, instead of expecting him to magically turn the ship around, like the Browns have done with the past 2-3 QBs they've drafted. 

In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if the Browns part ways with Baker and expect Trevor Lawrence to be their savior next."
I have to imagine Marc Andrews is somewhere in the 1st round as well.
In what world is Denzel Ward getting drafted before Derwin or Minkah?
Why did you share this with us? What did we do to deserve this pain?
There is zero chance Darnold goes that high.
lol poor jets
[deleted]
[deleted]
"If you’re not in the Baltimore area, what service do you use to watch all of the games? Sunday Ticket is expensive and I wanna watch all the games this year. Recommendations please!"
Nflbite.com
Crackstreams
I use streams but I also got game pass last year and I liked it a lot.
DAZN
Get a fire stick and then download Kodi. All you’ll need is a VPN and you’re set.
"I am the commisioner of a fantasy football league with a team that has become available.

This is our 20th season and we had a some mildly quirky rules and traditions that I think makes us an especially nice choice for someone looking for a second league (Though we are plenty of people's only league and that's cool, too.  It's my only league most years because I have to handle commissioner stuff as well as my team.) or something of that nature, because we are different enough to be interesting but so different as to be frustrating.

We do expect owners to set lineups week to week and make sure they have a starter at every position every week and to play to win.  However, you don't actually have to win. Some people have played for years and always have losing records and we're cool with it because we see they set their lineups and make transactions and are trying.  You have to try, not necessarily be skilled. :)

If anyone cares, we are rated a Gold level league (80th percentile or above, but below 95th percentile, which is a different level) by Yahoo and have people in the lowest category (Bronze) and in the highest category (99th percentile), so it's a little wide spread.

One catch is that the league has already drafted. The draft for this team didn't go very well, so it's a challenge, but not an impossible one. We chose not to have a Covid IR, which means if the season involves as many suddenly cancelled NFL games as some think, there will be a lot of movement of players from rosters to the wavier wire and free agency pool and back with teams scrambling to find people to start, which means a lot of chances for a team to improve by scooping up guys other teams are basically forced to cut to clear roster spots.

Get me your email address if you are interested and I'll send an invite.

One thing I should say from the onset is that we don't do politics or related symbols and even have a no politics rule for team logos and essentially everything.  Applies equally to both sides.  Keeps the peace. :)"
I stopped playing FF in ‘16. Got tired of rooting against my players and team.
"Thanks to everyone who checked us out!  We found someone here and brought him in, so we're good now."
"A real team can not be beat.

A real team can lose regular season games.

A real team can lose post season games.

A real team can lose a championship.

But a real team can not be beat.

This is a real team."
"WOW DEEP

Really make you thonk 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔"
""
I’m a straight married dude but I probably would for Marlon
He a top 2 corner and he ain’t #2😤😤😤
My FF team name last season was Marlon and Me. Which was appropriate because I had Baltimore’s D/ST and my team died at the end.
"Top notch Ravens/Day-of-the-week-humor related content, right here."
"Is Marlon still single, asking for a friend....."
Gives me Afro Samurai or The Game of Death Kareem vibes.
Drip 👑
This is art
Loving the swag
DPOY 2020
Are those eyeballs on his shirt?
about to drop the hottest mixtape of 1972
[deleted]
No one cares about your fantasy team.
""
You seem to be lucky to be having that kind of TRUSSSSSSSSSS in your marriage.
"Trusssss

She's a keeper homie"
Big Truzzz
Truzz
[removed]
""
I’m going to like Ian Eagle so much more now that Fouts is gone.
We get the great Kevin Harlan week 2 😎
"Ravens get Ian Eagle/Charles Davis//Evan Washburn week 1, Kevin Harlan/Trent Green//Melanie Collins week 2"
"No Fouts, fuck yes. That is a win already"
thank god dan fouts is gone he was horrible and Ian Eagle and Harlan r amazing announcers
"More Romo, Plz. Dude's commentary is seriously educational, and hes charming."
"I wonder why they swapped Rich Gannon & Trent Green? Regardless, Kevin Harlan = GOAT status in my mind! I guess Green probably won't have any grudges against the Ravens, a la Gannon's subliminal/subconscious disdain that occasionally reared its ugly head — which obviously stems from Goose's belly flop onto him in the 2000 AFC Championship Game. It is interesting that Harlan is once again paired with a former KC QB, especially considering his historical ties to the Chiefs."
""
Jesus
Lol wtf is wrong with Madden
Is madden 21 as bad as people say? I decided not to preorder it this year and it seems to have payed off
What did PIT do with their single takeaway?
Ravens are nasty in this game Lamar can run whenever he wants even vs all madden lol
Literally how
Lmfaoooo
Man I just suck. I play on all pro and I’m 4-4 what am I doing wrong!?!
Were you playing on Rookie?
almost 15 yards per play lmao
ok what
"Oh please, against the Steelers? Never. Browns? 99% possible ."
Scores too low.
"Was this on like child mode or something?

That's just absurd lmao"
""
[removed]
[deleted]
Joined
Make it 10 teams and lemme squeeze in I need atleast 1 league this year
"Will the Ravens honor Mo in any way on their uniform? I sure hope so, I did not see any information on this for the season.

Edit - Typo"
"I think it will be well deserved. 
I hope they do."
Would be awesome if they did
They 100% should.
"The rest of the league/country should know about Mo. This town was his and he was this towns, but his story and beautiful life should be shared."
"Here are two concepts I quickly came up with. (It says Mo in braille)

With Image - [https://imgur.com/fSjylkh](https://imgur.com/fSjylkh)

Text Only - [https://imgur.com/RTmFt5R](https://imgur.com/RTmFt5R)"
""
"Will also point out that Bill gave us a 4th round pick for Eluemunor, that we then traded back to them, along with our 2nd, for two of their 3rd round picks that would become Madubuike and Harrison"
Pats traded their 2nd rounder for Sanu. We drafted Dobbins in the 2nd
[Anatomy of A Trade](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/ilhs00/is_this_good_decosta_the_goat/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Can someone explain how this to me?
""
"Yeah, Harbs was the number 2 option after I believe Andy Reid gave him a good recommendation.

Turned out well for the Ravens. Dodged a clapping bullet."
"I remember being PISSED that we missed out on Garret and really annoyed that we settled for a special teams coach from Philly. Such a silly reaction looking back, but 2008 was fun all things considered."
It is also worth remembering that Brian Billick only got the head coaching gig after George Seifert turned it down.  Both of the Raven's Super Bowl wins were teams coached by their second choice for head coach...
probably gonna be the best HC the franchise has had for as long as it exists. love Harbs
McDaniels was lurking in the water as well.
"I really, really wanted Garrett. I thought he was going to be a stud coach. Next I wanted Tex yo have the job. I was legitimately pissed we hired Harbs. I guess that’s why I’m not an NFL GM."
"Garrett might have developed into a better coach here than he did in Dallas.  Flacco had his best games in a system like the one Garrett had.  Who knows what might have been if those two had gotten to grow up together. 

But I am 100% a John Harbaugh guy.  He's my coach."
Garrett was definitely coming to Baltimore until JJ convinced Garret that he would get the HC job within 2 years.
Seeing stuff like this makes me get cold sweats....we would still be bragging about 1 SB win if we got Garrett. Man's had the most stacked offense last year on the Cowgirls and made them go 8-8
""
"Makes losing Hayden Hurst worth it. I know on paper it was a good trade already, but he was one of those players I just really liked, so I was sad when he left."
"EDC turned a TE2 and R4 pick into Calais Campbell and JK Dobbins. 

I legit don't know how we let this absolute thief walk around on the streets anymore."
Seeing this level of competency from an FO is true respite from the Sixers
"So the Falcons traded Sanu and a RD5 for Hurst and RD4?

Seems like the made out pretty good too."
Yeah the Patriots fucked up that trade. Sanu is a WR3 at best. Fuckem
September: Patriots cut Sanu.
EDC is playing 3D chess while everyone else is playing checkers
He’s awesome. I am still stunned how we got Peters with a pick for a kicker we were NEVER GOING TO SIGN.
"To be fair the Campbell trade was made because of cap reasons, not necessarily an equivalent player value. 

The real value in this trade comes with the fact that the Ravens were willing to part ways with the recently drafted 1st rd. Pick because of the value they already have at TE. Ace move by the GM to make good trades for the roster you have."
He did train with the Yoda of NFL FO!
Losing Hayden Hurst still hurts me a bit. Man had great hands and insane speed and was an amazing talent. Too bad he was underutilized. Im hype asf for calais tho no doubt
"It feels good watching the Pats fail, especially when we also succeed."
Love getting Campbell
"I love it, but how is it legal for us to win that much? I feel like it shouldnt be able to happen, but DeCosta makes it so."
"This has been one of the best examples of Football Management I've ever seen. Tier one pass rushers and tier one (potential) running back for Hayden Hurst (tier 2 TE, at best). Love it!"
Best GM in sports?
Hot take but Hurst has the best hands out of our TE group.
Only EcD can trade a player from another team and turn it into Campbell and JK :P
"So Hayden Hurst = Calais Campbell & J.K. Dobbins


I’ll take it"
Ravens spent a high 1st on Hurst lol.
"
N
N
N
N
N
N. 
N
No n
N
N
Pxo"
"With our receiver corp so young, is he worth a workout? 

Guy obviously didn’t work out in New England but they signed him to be their primary outside number 1 with Josh Gordon. (I know Edelman, but he’s a slot guy). 

He was outstanding as a number 2 behind Julio in Atlanta and AJ in Cincinnati. 

Sanu has never been an issue off-the-field. Never a problem with the media. Guys seem to like him in the locker room. Is from/still lives in New Jersey so it’s somewhat close Keeps to himself, works hard, and leads by example consistently.

Here he wouldn’t have to be “the guy” but a guy, very similar to a Crabtree. Plus a 1 year deal to prove he’s still worth something never hurt nobody.

I like it. Thoughts?"
"Apparently he's a really good blocker, but eh. Isn't he hurt?"
"Similar body to dez. Big strong, physical guy. Good blocker. If he comes at the right price , hell yea"
"Even the most successful coach in pro football, who's desperate for wide receiver talent, doesn't think he's worth a roster spot."
"Eh, take a look, but I don't really see what he'd bring to us honestly. He doesn't really fit with what we've been looking for in WRs under DeCosta so far. Honestly would rather we save our money for when teams start trimming down to 53 and there are some more potentially impactful options on the market, as far as WR goes I'd rather just see what we have in the younger guys than sign Sanu.

He's a good WR3 at best, not sure why the Patriots decided he was worth a 2nd. Saying he was an ""outstanding number 2"" is a stretch, he wasn't a  liability when he literally had two of the best WRs in the league peeling coverage away from him."
"You’d think if he had anything left, the receiver starved Patriots would hold on to him. 

Hard pass."
He wears DBZ cleats so the answer is fuck yes
"Decent big receiver, can play strong in a gimmick offense, great run blocker, and a Rutgers kid. I'm for it."
"I don't really think he would start for us, so nah. He's older now. Pats didn't see much in him. I'm fine with sticking with our young guns."
Would be disappointing because it would mean the FO isn’t impressed with the current group outside of Hollywood
Nah we got enough heads to feed already and he doesn't bring anything unique to our WR room
Sanu did his job for the franchise already getting us Dobbins
"Fuck no that would be a massive step backwards to what we did during our 6 year playoff drought.

If he can't make the Pats with their sorry ass receivers then he's not making our team."
AB or bust.
[deleted]
Id rather have Dez over Sanu but who knows Sanu has atleast been playing maybe he just had a bad year. I definitely think we need another wr at some point.
[deleted]
""
"Everybody knows Lamar can't play when it's 63 degrees, 8mph wind from the NNW and the moon is in Pisces. We've *figured him out*."
And the Browns trolls were nowhere to be found in our gameday thread after that...
"None of the Lamar criticism bothers me at all. His play speaks, only a fool legit thinks he isn’t a good QB"
"Look guys, I love Lamar. But we're down by 6 at the end of the first half in this video. 

Offering this as a counter to ""Lamar can't play from behind"" is weak. 

Dude's a straight-up baller and his play from behind victories will come, there is *zero* doubt in my mind about it. The fact that we so rarely have to play from behind is a testament to how good he (and the rest of our team, of course) is. 

No need for a reach like this and inferring it's proof he can play from behind. 

That being said, great two drives and I can watch highlights all day long."
He got lucky. He’s got a decent arm for a running back but he’ll never make it as a qb /s
What a hilarious example of trying to say Lamar is skilled at playing from behind. Thank you. Needed a laugh.
[removed]
Looking for any ideas since I missed out on drafting Lamar. Drafted Hollywood in my family league. Would love a good name from the flock.
Once Upon a Dime to Hollywood
I'm not very clever when it comes to puns or nicknames but I'm trying to think of something related to his nicknames of Hollywood and Prime Time Jet
Not Hollywood themed but CrowsB4Hoes is a good one 😂
Be More Hollywood😎
"Somebody posted ""Marquise my brown ass"" the other day. Not my idea, but I loved it."
"Once upon a time in hollywood, hollywood squares, something like that maybe?"
"This is Hollywoodland, baby."
Hollywood Knights
Jet into Hollywood Primetime
[deleted]
""
'What it's like having such a big dong'
Shouldn’t the chapter regarding 5th round picks be chapter 5?
Chapter 7: New England gives us JK Dobbins for a wide receiver that got them 200 yards
"Chapter 3: 2018 Draft, a masterclass in trading back, tripling your capital and still getting your guys"
Chapter 10:  Fuck Earl Thomas
Chapter 6 how to draft top caliber rookies without having to do anything
"Epilogue: Using your resources to cover your only mistake...Using families of a player to ""invite"" him to leave his house.  Note 1: remember to unload the gun next time for better risk management"
Chapter 4: Mohammed Sanu? JK!
Chapter 12: Gaining black mail on other GM’s to ensure the best deals.
Chapter 15 how to finally draft a WR that isn't a total bust
Chapter 5: Getting a draft pick out of Bum Flacco
"Looking for fantasy football team logos, preferably ravens themed and funny. If anyone has anything let me know!"
[can't go wrong with this one](https://images.app.goo.gl/rxFZaAp1uzVdvgrt5)
My fantasy team name is [Yippee Ki Yay mother Tucker ](https://imgur.com/gallery/xmKZBbE)
"Here’s the two options I made for myself this year:

[JK Baskin Dobbins](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/h9kpmi/i_spent_way_too_long_making_this_for_my_fantasy/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)


[Ménage à Thomas](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/ifwhmo/welp_my_fantasy_football_team_was_going_to_be/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)"
""
"Josh Reed and I Explain some of the new/complex roster rules in place for 2020 and how they may impact the Ravens roster:

1. Use of IR in a season of unlimited 3-week returns.
2. What players provide the Ravens with initial roster flexibility (Saturday)?
3. What 2 position groups are the Ravens (and all other teams) incented to carry more players?
4. How can the Ravens make use of their ambivalence between players at the end of the roster?
5. Why should we expect stickiness on practice squads?"
"Future of Ataro Olaka?

Is DJ Fluker a lock at RG, or does Tyre Phillips have a shot?

Are 3 QBs more likely with COVID this year?

With 5 CBs set to make the team, does that increase Warrior's chances?"
Pretty interesting to see you keep only 2 QBs on the roster. I would love the extra spot for Powers. But I don't know if we can sneak Huntley and McSorley on the PS
Its 55 now broo
"&#x200B;

[Ravens Current Cap Room according to Spotrac](https://preview.redd.it/s8y7od2uexk51.jpg?width=299&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=991e14460f982a1790512d6201d49743d7d34bce)"
"[This article](https://russellstreetreport.com/2020/08/23/baltimore-ravens-salary-cap/earl-thomas-release/) is imo from a more trustworthy source for Ravens cap issues, it says we have 13M available"
This doesn’t seem to be accurate
So this includes the Earl cut less 40% held for grievance?
"Why is there such a huge difference between spotrac and overthecap? Over the cap has Ravens at $16.6 in space.

https://overthecap.com/salary-cap/baltimore-ravens/"
"Idk what half of this means, help"
Not great not terrible
Perfect for a Clowney 3 year deal
"Well that's less than ideal. I trust we have a plan, but its still not great to see those numbers right now."
""
That's my ~~Quarterback~~ ~~RunningBack~~ ~~Wide Reciever~~ Llama !
"Unflappable, just like our boy.  Truss!"
I think I speak for all of us when I say we’ve been waiting for a meme like this every day since week 9.
I saw that post and instantly thought of Llamar
Fucking amazing.  I think I now have a new logo for my fantasy football team.
"“There’s a whole box of em behind the bench Coach Harbaugh bought for me. Grab your own Big Baby, They DOPE!”"
"Dude i kept clicking the link and it brought me to the r/aww sub and i was like reddit is messing up again, then i got the joke."
Nice
They need hats.
Nice.
[removed]
19-0 sb champs 😎 been saying it since before the draft
"I predicting that we will beat the Browns and go from there. 

1 game at a time folks."
""
I cant either baby
"I know this is lame, but I care more about Tyre Phillips than I do the skill players.  If he can step up and give quality o-line play for 3-4 years at a cheap price, the Ravens will be in good shape.

Keeping Lamar upright and the running lanes open is critical here.

Also very excited for the skill guys!"
"I had a dream that proche was an all pro as a rookie. Ignore the fact that in the dream he took his helmet off and became a lanky ginger, I’m sticking with the all pro"
Is it the 13th yet?? I'm so impatient this year without the preseason!
Cant wait till J.K. gets Rowling
"Dude I really think Devin will thrive on our system. And strong and super speedy over the middle threat.
Not super big to play outside but sure-handed prototypical slot receiver."
😩💦
"Proche in college was insane, it'll be a damn shame to not see him at the 2 bare minimum"
I just can't wait for football to start. I heard about Devin being a burner.
we can’t wait either lamar I have such high expectations for both of them
Dobbins is a boss in madden and Duv is money on the sweeps and toss passes dudes fast as hell
"Clearly a smokescreen to distract from the real 2020 league MVP, Jaleel Scott"
I'll confess to being quite eager to see them myself.
"in my dynasty league should I draft Duvernay or Proche? I’m already going all in on Dobbins, but am limited in WR spots."
[deleted]
""
Totally agree here. Don’t want to take any unnecessary game day risks.
The trips will be very quick too if the traffic stays at current levels... The fewer cars on the road is the only thing I’m going to miss once this pandemic ends
"So this may not get seen at all, but I have an awesome name for my fantasy football team. I have Lamar Jackson, so my team name is LAMARvel Cinematic Uni(verse). It’s in parentheses because ESPN doesn’t allow that long of a name.

So let me move onto what I’m looking for. Has anyone every seen a really cool/good photoshop of Lamar as any Marvel superhero? If so can you share because I would be pumped to use it for my team logo.

Thanks in advance!
(Btw I hope this isn’t the wrong place to post this)"
[here ya go bud](https://imgur.com/a/T2x9PBS)
"This is the logo I used last year

[Captain America Logo](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/booyh0/1_down_3_to_go/)"
"[here](https://imgur.com/J6Ls9Ge). not Marvel, but still great!"
IM SO READY FOR LAMAR MVP JACKSON PLAYING HIS 2ND FULL SEASON. INGRAM/DOBBINS 1-2 PUNCH. A HEALTHY BEEFED UP HOLLYWOOD BROWN TO GO WITH MARK THE MAN ANDREWS. CALAIS CAMPBELL (FOR A 5TH ROUND PICK) AND WOLFE HELLO IMPROVED PASS RUSH AND RUN DEFENSE!!! AN AMAZING CORNER ROTATION WITH HUNGRY YOUNG SAFETY'S. THE ALWAYS ELITE WOLF PACK. ITS A GREAT TIME TO BE A RAVENS FAN!
The only thing that would make this better is if we could actually be there for a game.
Cant wait for the playoffs!
"the only part that fucking sucks can’t go to a game I bought tickets for Cleveland Home, Washington away and Pittsburgh away I was so excited fuck 2020"
"I was worried that the season wouldn't happen on time with the NFL not taking as many precautions as the NBA, but it seems like the teams have done a good job of controlling infections. I'm so excited that it should be starting on time and hopefully teams can keep up their good work in staying healthy!"
"BRUH DONT FORGET TO ADD THE GUS BUS IN THE RUSHING EQUATION


DUDE ISNT TALKED ABOUT BUT DOES NOTHING BUT RIP OFF GAME ENDING, SOUL SHATTERING BIG BOI BEEFY RUNS IN THE FOURTH QUARTER WHEN THE DEFENSE IS GASSED


WE'RE HEADED IN WITH A HEAD FULL OF STEAM BAYBEEEEEEE"
Bold of you to shorten the name of the Ingram/Dobbins/Edwards/Hill 1-2-3-4 punch. Get ready for the run run run run QB run pass option
"Hated the dobbins pick at first cuz of draft logic but the bpa tactic seems to have put us in a position that I like. I'm still not the happiest with our receiver core but ay, we are a run first team plus it's been said that dobbins has done nothing short but kill it every practice. Can't wait to see this man rep 27"
So fuckin ready. Can't wait to watch a game!
"I loved the hype in this post, felt it radiating"
""
I have a couple of quick questions. How much does it cost and can I use my dog?
I was thinking about it but the Canadian dollar is trash right now.
Is it 1 purchase for all the home games? You don't have to buy 1 cut-out for each game do you?
Tbf all proceeds are going to a charity.
I was in to do this til I saw where they wouldnt send you the cutout or at least let you buy it after the season.
"He also is apparently looking more driven then ever because he's never had a coach look him in the face and flat out say ""no thanks"".


I didn't realize he was that bad in his tryout 😬"
Lmao that’s a tough one. Those workouts are really that tough that he puked?
"I think Dez's heart is there but injuries and taking two years off really turned the clock waaaay forward on his career, imagine if we had him and Wallace the same year"
"Someone posted what the workout was a couple years ago, and assuming it was accurate...it looks fucking insane.

Suggs also failed it a few years ago and he was close to game-shape. There's a reason why our team very rarely looks gassed, shits intense."
I think this was reported right after it happened
Barstool Banks said that too fwiw
"lol what a pussy. (im just kidding I would quite literally die during the warm up, and Im in good shape)"
"Sucks to hear tbh, was looking forward to a veteran reciever. Not sure if those workouts were hell or he was out of shape. I'm assuming he was pushed hard since the front doesn't want to gamble on him"
That's what Barstool Banks said too.
"Let’s say all our top players either top 1000 yards or get really close. That means, LJ, Ingram, Edwards, Andrews, Brown, and maybe JK. That’s possibly 6000 yards right there. Add in 500ish yards each from Snead, Duvernay, and Proche even, and maybe another 300 for Hill. 

Is that crazy talk??"
"Considering we were less than 500 yards away from it last year, it certainly seems doable.  But we would probably have to be in more close games and push the ball down the field in more 4th quarters, which I'm unsure about."
yes
"Well this sub once thought Maclin, Perriman and Wallace would each put up 1000 yards so nothing is crazy here"
"Its not crazy at all. Only thing is,  just like last season, LJ might not play in the 4th quarter in some games! I see a few blowouts incoming"
"I think you have Gus and JK opposite, if Gus isn't dealt I still think JK has taken that number 2 spot"
If we keep rg3 on the bench this time around then yes
"7,000 yards isn’t crazy after last year

But thinking LJ, Ingram, Edwards, and Dobbins could ever EACH get 1,000 yards is insane

Obviously it’s hypothetically possible but I seriously doubt 3 running backs have ever gotten 1,000 total yards all on the same team in the same season. And then add another thousand to LJ"
"Not crazy,  but it would mean besting last year's total. 

We had 6521 yards of total offense last year (407.5 per game).  7000 yards across 16 games would mean an additional 30 per game."
"All these guys could get 1000 individuals, but I don’t think they can all do it at once."
"Yes, it's crazy talk.  We're taking a big step back without Yanda.  It will take at least 2 years to get RG back up to speed.   We may still win a lot of games, but it won't look as easy as it did last year."
"Someone made a great point that it's going to be harder to draft next year with no college playing in the fall. You think a lot of talent is gonna fall? I think so, plus teams might have to rely on already hyped up players with little film and basically a year off. 

I def think we should trade our 1st for a db or wr. Who would you trade for?"
Colleges are playing.
"For one, who would they trade for?   All teams know about the draft and if they have the same thoughts as you, that pick will lose its value.  What CB or WR out there is a realistic target?  

Second, no.  There will still be a draft process.  While it may not be the amount of tape, there’s still tape on the projected 1st round picks.  Yes, it’s true that those projections would have shaken up during a season; but I guarantee you the NFL will figure it out.  Maybe they move the draft back until May, or triple down on those exhibition games (like the Sr Bowl), or the NFL will be very lenient on the rules for player workouts and visits.

Lastly, due to COVID the cap is a great unknown.  Draft picks are the way to manage by the cap because you’re getting rookie contract players.  They can’t trade and bring in anyone who will cost money when the cap is an unknown, and the money is needed for our existing players anyway."
"I mean, I don't know what we're going to get for the 32nd pick, but I am willing to listen to offers."
"Since jaguars are having a fire sale to tank for Trevor Lawrence, I’ll gladly give up next year’s 1st for Josh Allen."
""
I had two power outages in the last 30 minutes :/
We’re not all in Baltimore
The sky was nuts for sure
It over now
True
It's fun 😁
Im in South Carolina and we've been having random thunderstorms here and there for a few weeks
Surprisingly no power outages.
""
"The \#Patriots release of WR Mohamed Sanu is now official. All in all, New England gave up a 2nd round pick to Atlanta for Sanu, which Atlanta then traded to Baltimore for Hayden Hurst. Baltimore then used that pick on JK Dobbins.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
2% interested
Butterfly effect
"Considering what I’ve seen sometimes in regards to what a 5th round or 6th round can get (Bolden, Campbell), Sanu for a 2nd was laughable, and this is not revisionist history, it was laughable when they did it"
""
NaNa
lol
"I don't see anything wrong with kicking the tires. Even if we're all in on Elliott as the guy beside Clark, our depth at safety is just nonexistent now. Levine doesn't get many defensive snaps anymore - by the end of last year he was in low single digits per game - and calling him a DB at this point is a stretch, Jimmy seems like he should be able to make a pretty nice transition to safety snaps but his health is unreliable and he is at this point an unknown at the position, after those guys we're relying on a rookie 7th rounder in Stone and a rookie UDFA in Warrior.

I wouldn't be against seeing what he's asking for."
"Imo we shouldn't, he just offers nothing imo. And I feel like we're better off with someone young who can develop but wat do y'all think?"
"I think Geno Stone is a sleeper. Like my post with Sanu yesterday, can’t hurt to give the guy a try out and possibly a one-year offer but nothing more. With COVID this year, availability is the best ability, the best teams that will need to 1) stay healthy and 2) be able to plug someone in seamlessly if someone tests positive/is injured"
"Literally any decent player released ""should we sign him"""
No
i think it’s a good idea. Bring in some cheap competition and also some depth considering Joker’s injury history. also has plenty of starting experience.
"Is he willing to place special teams? Cause as a backup safety, That’ll probably be one of his role."
"If we had a regular preseason, sure why not."
Maybe midway through the season if Elliot just doesn’t pan out.
I'd rather develop our guys then take a rental on a guy who might be a bit washed.
I hate you ppl who make these posts
He's more reliable than Elliot so why not?
""
"I'm happy he made the cover of madden, but why did it have be this dogshit one lol. the game is not worthy of lamar."
"Interestingly enough this was the last year Madden had competition and 2K screwed everyone inadvertently by releasing NFL 2K5 at $20 which cost EA a ton of sales and forced them to lower the price of Madden 2005 to $30. Later in the year, EA purchased the exclusive NFL agreement for only licensed NFL game and now we get the same game every year with no improvements, just updated rosters and unfixed bugs.  The pricing of NFL 2K5 was the main driver of going after an exclusive agreement."
I was really gonna buy Madden this year for the Lamar cover but the game looks so bad I think I'm out
🔥🔥🔥
Nice amp 👍
This years Madden is no worse than last years.
Retro!!
"I was so hyped to get this years Madden after not buying one since like 07, because Lamar. But honestly I've heard such terrible things about the game, and watching Hollywood play kind of solidified that.. It looks real bad. I'm gonna wait until it's $20 or whatever at GameStop before I buy it. Hopefully it'll go down throughout the season."
Not gonna lie: i pop in madden12 from time to time just to hear ray lewis speech at the beginning. Give me goosebumps.
"Madden 05 was a pile of crap on the Wii.

People complaining about this years never played 05 on the Wii"
[deleted]
"Happy learned how to putt, Uh-Oh"
To think 30 points wasnt unusual for this team any given week last year
Cumd
Oh shit NFL...
He was already reading defenses better than almost any other qb I've ever seen.  Or maybe his vision during plays is just that good.
Can Lamar read defenses well in generally? I know he executes the reads in the offense to perfectly but I don’t know how well he can scan a defense and make changes. Last year the second half of the season he was on fire but he seemed to move people around less and such
"Ask Skip what he thinks of Lamar's ability to read defenses. As much as Skip hated Flacco, that's how much he loves Lamar."
""
Is it just me or does he look more like rg3 here
For some reason the cardinals cut Larry Fitz in my franchise so needless to say my offense scores basically every drive
The graphics look bad here
[deleted]
[deleted]
No.
Your argument is that we should sign a child abuser who is worse than all of our current RBs because he deserves it?
Fuck AP
Fuck off bud
"Dude's a scumbag, he can fuck right off."
AP has been nothing but manufactured production for like four years at this point. Worst comes to worst I’d straight up take a fresh legged rookie off a practice squad over him.
Delete this nephew
Fuck no
Nah fam
Im down 😂😂
""
So for me as a completely unbiased fan I’d say we’re gonna go around 12-4 (give or take a few) Steelers and browns will be around 10-6 (also give or take a few) and bengals will be like 6-10 or something. A lot of people are sleeping on this division we could legit have 3 playoff teams if fat Ben and baker rebound and play well
"I think this is one of the more honest articles about the AFCN that has come out. The Browns may just be the 2nd best team in the division this year and give us a decent challenge for number 1. 

Baltimore has the talent and drive to be 16-0 this year, tbh, barring major injuries. I think it'll come down to how many mistakes we make. We no longer have the luxury of randomly dropping 2 games early on. 

Like coach says, we gotta keep stacking wins. Or someone else will."
What's an offtopic rant you need to get off your chest?
I tried messaging Hollywood on Xbox to challenge him to a charity match in Madden where the loser donates $100 to the charity of the winner’s choice. He probably didn’t even read my message but I’m still going to fuck around and unabashedly spin the narrative by saying that Hollywood is scared of losing to a stranger from the internet named N7 Rawdog. Have a great weekend r/Ravens and don’t forget to fuckin hydrate
Hey guys I hope you all are doing great. Love you all.
"Y'all. You registered to vote yet?   


Got until the 13th of October to register to vote online in Maryland. Or you can register to vote if you vote in person on election day. You can register at [https://elections.maryland.gov/voter\_registration/index.html](https://elections.maryland.gov/voter_registration/index.html)

&#x200B;

Early In-Person Voting starts on October the 26th and ends on November the 2nd. You can find your early in person voting locations via this link: [https://elections.maryland.gov/voting/early\_voting.html](https://elections.maryland.gov/voting/early_voting.html) You can also request a mail-in ballot via this link: [https://voterservices.elections.maryland.gov/OnlineVoterRegistration/InstructionsStep1](https://voterservices.elections.maryland.gov/OnlineVoterRegistration/InstructionsStep1)

&#x200B;

Do so as soon as possible to make sure it arrives and is sent back on time. Your ballot must be Postmarked by election day, November the 3rd. Send it back as soon as possible, or drop it off in person at your \[Early Voting location\]([https://www.elections.maryland.gov/about/county\_boards.html](https://www.elections.maryland.gov/about/county_boards.html)) or a ballot drop box via the same link.  If you mail your ballot, you can track it \[here\]([https://voterservices.elections.maryland.gov/VoterSearch](https://voterservices.elections.maryland.gov/VoterSearch)).                                

&#x200B;

Please let me know if you have any questions."
"With everything going on in the world I just hope everyone is hanging in there. 

It’s weird I’m not as hype for the season to start as normally. Could be lack of preseason games. Could also be that I’m not sure if this season will go in full without some team or players getting COVID."
"You know what makes me irrationally angry? When someone is phonetically confirming words or spelling on the phone but don't use the NATO or Military Alphabet but even worse if they use their own words and change them throughout a convo for the same letter.

Thank you for reading."
Being an out of state fan is the worst when you see Miss Shirley's got voted best breakfast in Baltimore and you can't go get their special of the month chocolate pretzel stuffed french toast
"Hi Everyone,

First of all, thank you for the mods for giving us permission to post.  

I wanted to take you a moment and introduce the Super Casual Football Sim League. For those unfamiliar with a sim league, I find the best way to describe is as an old feature of Madden, where you created a player and developed their career.  Think of it like that, but the teams are run by real people and instead of competing against bots who have a fixed growth, you’re competing with other people.  You develop your player, and then the AI takes control of the rest. Sounds fun, right?  It is also completely free.

All of our games are recorded live, with live commentary in the booth and the update system is so easy that two other simulation leagues have adopted it as their update system.  In addition, we are the only Simulation League to run on Axis Football, and it has gotten the notice of the team there as it has gotten their attention and occasionally they pop in for the streams.

If you want a look to see how a game looks, earlier this season, The Coyotes decided to make the Aliens work for their win, in an attempt to play spoiler for the postseason for our team out of Roswell: https://youtu.be/x-FjVupBPSE?t=1104 to save you some time, I have the link starting the video at the 4th quarter.

We hope you can join us at our discord here: https://discord.gg/vqU57TS"
I'm sick of edging for so long waiting for week 1 I just wanna get off already
"I had a dream that Lamar came out rusty and threw 2 picks .... but we won an ugly , low scoring game"
Looking for a fantasy league
"nothing off topic but anybody expecting any surprise cuts tomorrow, if so who ?"
I am hyped on MP Juiceman. My name is Marcus also and i will never forget the rams game where he was doing what i want to be doing. Running around an area screaming at the top of my lungs and having a good time. lol
Should i trade stefon diggs and devin singletary for hollywood and ingram? Im worried dobbins is gonna take over but singletary could lose his job too
"I have a Steve McNair sewn Men’s large jersey I’m trying to sell to make space in my closet. Figured I’d put it here before giving 10% to eBay. Pics: https://imgur.com/a/aUUzXZL

Message me if interested or more pics"
""
"Take my money plz. 

I miss Moe’s positivity and optimism. Nothin like hearing Moe after a long day of work to get you amped up again. 

Rest Easy Mo!"
Easiest $65 I've ever spent. The website is super easy to use if you have apple pay set up!
"Done and done! Thanks for sharing this, that little guy really was the best of us."
"Great shop, run by a stellar human. Easy $65. Miss you Mo!"
"There are two other great causes currently working with this vendor.  

Especially consider joining me in saying F**K YOU to children's cancer."
This is just phenomenal!
Is there any significance to that particular section? Either way this is awesome and I wish I had the disposable income to contribute.
My section
This is completely awesome.
"Love this! Rest in Peace Mo, we love you!"
Bought! It was so hard to hear of his passing. Let’s show the nation what Baltimore fans are all about
"Just curious,  will all cutouts be the same or different?"
""
I'm just glad that Lamar is so good at social distancing. Doesn't seem like any defenders ever get close to him.
Lol savage
I've been sharing the hell out of this for two days straight never gets old 😂
LMAO
That’s being generous.
You can also visualize the distance between JuJu Smith-Schuster and the ball he just caught
"Picture the Browns. Now picture the Lombardi trophy.  


That far."
Have mercy
"As a Browns fan, I predict he will be benched  not due to injury and Case Keenum will start at least one game."
Ohhhhh shit!! That's funny! Saving this one for later.
Your in good hands with State Farm
"Shots fired, someone call the amberlamps"
Shared...
"I don’t think Baker has earned the right for us to even care about him yet tbh, he is trash"
Rent free
[deleted]
""
Rest in Heaven Mo ❤
WAY awesome.
""
Earl really mustve been annoying if Jimmy of all people is the first one to make a comment about it lol
My ETIII jersey already in the trash.
"I got a lot of hate when I said good about his release. Glad the team listened to the vets and made this call. 

You’re all in or you’re all out. Nothing in between."
"u/dbeat used to make these sick schedule wallpapers for every team, but they don't make them anymore, so I decided to take the last one from 2016 and make one for myself for this year. 

[Schedules](https://imgur.com/a/CXMOO7u)

There are light & dark versions in ET and MT, enjoy"
Just went looking for these. Thanks for stepping up!
""
""
Seeing all the work he puts in and the raw talent he has there's no reason he doesn't light every team up.
Same
"I just hope this season... I dunno... feels... real? Its gonna be really weird without fans there and all, but this is probably the best team Baltimore has -ever- had."
Going up against the best defenders in the league every day in practice is going to make his game so much stronger.  What a great competitive advantage that must be.
"Shit, I read break and season, got scared for a second... But yeah, we ready Hollywood! 💪"
"I heard him on the radio saying he feels 100 times better this season. 

So was he playing at 1% play year!? He's gonna decimate everyone!  
(Kidding obviously)"
My body is ready.
"im gonna draft hollywood for sure, probably on the bench to start."
I come out of just about every mock fantasy draft with him on my roster and I love it
I was a year early on him and feel kind of burned so I've stayed away this year. No reason why he can't do it though. The opportunity and talent are there.
The headline scared tf out of me for some reason.
"I doubt he'll break 1k receiving, 4 rbs....man it's gonna be damn near impossible. I'll be surprised if he breaks 800 yards"
Any surprising cuts coming today from us or other teams?
"This sub might not like it, but Jaleel Scott could be a goner. You have to imagine Brown, Boykin, Snead, Moore, and Duvernay all have locked spots. So, assuming we keep 6 WRs, do we keep banking on Scott’s potential or give that spot to James Proche, who we just drafted and can return punts?"
"From everything I’ve read, seems like Ben Powers May get cut. Not totally surprising, but noteworthy if it happens."
"I get blowback for saying it, but I wouldn't be surprised if Levine gets cut. We've shown a willingness to move on from our STs aces when they are older and can't contribute much outside of STs anymore, we did it with Albert McClellan not too long ago. Levine is 33 and go fewer and fewer defensive snaps as the season went on last year, getting down into the low single digits by the end of the season even though we were desperate for LBs all year. Great on STs obviously, but he hasn't been our best guy there for a couple years.

Plus, Nigel Warrior had a fantastic camp and I think there's a pretty good chance he'll make the cut."
Washington just released Sean Davis. UMD alumni and only 26.
Can we complete and trades for picks?
""
I must be playing beer pong wrong
Yes! Yard pong is the absolute best!
How big are the ping pong balls?
Where did you get the buckets?
""
40 seconds is more than enough
"You cheeky bastard, you got the sauce?"
"I live in Cincy and saw this live, right in front of my from no more than 20 yards out and it was one of the greatest days of my life."
Take my vote
"*”HE IS HOUDINI!”*

Kevin Harlan is the best."
Gotta few free minutes myself
Seeing the screenshot at that exact moment reminds me how cartoonish he made the defense look on this run and the other long one against the Texans. Someone should do some highlight videos set to yakety sax lol
"""Omg its not even that good, the bangels were trying to lose"" /s"
Instant satisfaction lmao
i wonder if there is a way i can not upvote this
I didn’t know bestiality was allowed on that site
"That’s naaasty, Mr.Jackson"
Sigh. *unzips*
I had a no fap streak going for a week.. thanks
"Oh so you're *nasty nasty,* huh? Sick fuck... I love it."
There’s already some surprise cuts heading to the waiver wire/free agency and there will certainly be more coming. Is there any you hope Baltimore will try to bring in? I’d personally like to see us bring in some more safety depth like Ha Ha Clinton-Dix or Sean Davis.
"A tackle. 

Our depth is the equivalent of a puddle at that position."
"5-8 year veterans who are cap casualties and have never had a chance to win a Superbowl. 

They come here for the vet minimum because they want to WIN!"
Panthers cut Vedvik - let's go get him for trade fodder haha
"The answer is always either OL, DL or OLB.

Premium talent in the trenches or good backups are needed"
Clinton dixeo
[deleted]
Both should be great PS additions
Sad about Huntley maybe they waived him because they knew he’d get through waivers easier then Trace.
"Hopefully, both can get back on the PS, I thought both were possible UDFAs to make the team"
Probably the best move to keep the known quantity in McSorely rather than the camp hero in Huntley. It sucks that there was no preseason this year to have a proper battle between the two.
[deleted]
Damn I guess I was wrong about keeping Huntley over McSorley.
LETS GO MY BOY TRACE THE ACE
"Damn, I liked them both. McSorley just doesn't look game ready at all."
"Unbelievable that Huntley lost out to McSorley. More to it perhaps than meets the eye, but we shall see how the PS forms out. I expect McSorley may go to IR and Huntley to the PS to be activated on game days."
"Does anyone know if Lamar is going to be wearing the gold reflective visor in season? Is he allowed to per NFL rules?

See here: https://www.instagram.com/p/CDoWpfGHXD-/?igshid=1gu0kup18c9ky

He's been wearing it all training camp and looks like he was built in a lab specifically designed to break hearts and ankles."
Nope. Not allowed to wear it per NFL rules. They’re only allowed to wear lightly tinted visors.
Imagine seeing this guy running at you at Mach 3 https://www.instagram.com/p/CEHMVnQnOC_/?igshid=1mmljkbg0y9yq. No way a defender is making the tackle.
""
"It’s really looking like unless we keep Welch or maybe Nurse we won’t carry a UDFA on the 53 man roster this year.  Colon-Castillo got the largest signing bonus of this years UDFA class.  Other notable UDFA’s Tyler Huntley, and Nigel Warrior we’re also cut."
This is why preseason is vital.
[deleted]
This is a very misleading title
bruh learn to title
""
"It’s looking like Kristian Welch is our only hope to keep the streak alive.  Also here is a link to keep up with the Ravens roster cutdown that will be updating constantly 


https://www.pennlive.com/baltimore-ravens/2020/09/baltimore-ravens-roster-cut-updates-decisions-begin-to-come-down.html?outputType=amp&__twitter_impression=true"
"I remember hearing Nurse's name come up a decent amount, and 6' 3"" corners don't grow on trees. Hopefully we can keep him around on the PS."
We have 67 players by my math so 14 will still need to be cut.
Coach Evans on youtube did a film study on him a while ago. I was really hoping this dude would make it and pan out. That's a big corner. Hopefully he manages to crack the PS at some point
""
""
Gillmore bout to get signed huh
It’s either that or we sign Gillmore (who had a tryout the other day) or Walker.
Jaleel Scott at TE!!!
"I'm sure will pickup a 3rd TE, Adams might be a logical guy to cut while some one goes on IR."
I think they have to feel good about their players who attack between the numbers. A bunch of young slot prototype receivers plus JK has impressed as a receiver.
there is talk of Skura needing more time so he can be put on IR (return in 3 weeks) and we can pick up one of the TE's we dropped to be 3rd tight end.
[gilmore](https://youtu.be/60kNjfBAT3g) probably still has the skills and has had a few years to heal... still seems crazy to me that he dropped out of the league bc he was balling
Does anyone know how often ravens will be running 3 tight end sets this year?
"Nah, EDC’s going to get Hurst back for a 7th round pick and a stale bag of chips.  And Atlanta’s going to pick up 80% of his check."
Have Ricard be our 3rd TE and keep Bronson!!
[deleted]
""
*~So you’re saying there’s a chance~*
🧲 🚪
But the Saints are the “favorite”? They have $6m this year and -$25m+ next year.....
what’s our cap currently with earl gone now?
"I'd rather roll the cap space over. We've got some stars who are going to be really expensive soon, and that'll put the good but not great guys at risk. I'd rather retain guys like Mark Andrews, OBJ, and Hollywood long-term over getting Clowney now"
"This will be fun when he signs with the Tits or Saints and people are all pissed and try to justify why **""I never wanted him in the first place""**. 

Elite run defender and so so pass rusher to round out an above-average player who'll come at a premium.

I'd rather roll with our guys and draft OLB next year"
I think clowney would look nice in a ravens Jersey just saying
[deleted]
""
no surprise here. With Proche playing Special teams. But um does that mean we keep Chris Moore again? Gotta admit the Ravens organization really appreciates all he does on ST
It's ok. He'll be on the Jets by Tuesday
My heart is In pieces on the ground
Every King falls eventually. May he find a new Kingdom.
You guys remember Michael Campanaro?
"First Buck, now Jaleel. What is life?"
We ~~have~~ had Jaleel Scott.
Why does this team keep doing this to us man
"The brightest flames burn out twice as quick. We'll miss you, Jaleel"
"I mean the memes weren't good tbh. I'm smiling because it's over. Not Jaleel's fault, still feel bad for him as a football player"
"First Buck. Now Jaleel.

Flock needs to watch out who we meme next"
I think this says good things about this years WR draft picks.
Noooo 😢
"AT this point, no Ravens player is going to want to be meme'd"
Gotta make sure the new banner looks dope
Long live the king
Dudes definitely going to land on his feet somewhere with a full wallet good luck brother
"Good, ole Dr. Seuss."
So Boykins has to play big. Literally
Who?
Noooo :(
He gone :(
Who's next? Who takes up the throne?
WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY 😭😭😭
Hot take- Jaleel Scott can be a Wr1-2 with the titans or broncos
""
"So... please don't kill me. It's been fun and all, but I think it's time to move on. Jaleel just never got to Buck levels and I really feel like we've been trying a little too hard. Looking forward to a new sub banner, TBH."
We do not have Jaleel Scott.
"Aight Mods, time to change the sub banner:("
"RIP </3. He could be a PS guy if we have room. I'm surprised he didn't come along, he seemed to have great hands and was good at 50/50 balls. 

guess his route running sucked"
Welp. 0-16 here we come
We *don't* have Jaleel Scott on the team.
My heart is broke.
With my complete lack of knowledge of training camp and practice I can confidently say this is a bad cut.
"A source says the \#Ravens have informed wide receiver Jaleel Scott he's been released. Scott was a fourth-round pick in 2018 with a ton of potential. Only played in three regular-season games.

***

posted by [@AaronKazreports](https://twitter.com/AaronKazreports)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Lamar Jackson converting to TE confirmed.
More room for the true GOAT Miles MANkin to fuck the league up 😤😤
I'm just waiting for them to call me a friccen moron 😢
We're getting pranked right? Harbaugh's gonna pop out a potted plant and say we all just got Bucked... right? 😭
NO NO NO NO NO NO
PAIN
F for the season
In Memoriam.
Good night sweet prince
Did we try him at TE
Long live the king
"Yeah, um, that header looks just a wee bit silly at this point. I thought Jaleel was one of the stars of preseason last year. Could possibly see becoming another Darren Waller end-zone jump ball whiz on another team. I'll be a little shocked if he doesn't end up somewhere. Dolphins should take a flyer on him considering their depleted WR core."
We probably have a lot of faith in the rooks
Nooooooo
W-w-what about the banner
BIG SAD 😢
Wow. Decosta better have a good explanation for this.
I’m sick 😩
144hz minus the 144 😔😔
"Good, he fucking sucked and this sub tried to meme him, just another Aaron Melette, get there fuck of this roster"
[deleted]
"Posting because I was a little nervous about filling the Earl Thomas void. I think Baldy is an excellent analyst and this breakdown makes me feel like we’re in good hands.

If Elliott can stay healthy, he’s going to be a force to be reckoned with."
[deleted]
IMHO an offensive player to really watch and get excited about. Harbaugh is lavishing praise and the guy is fast with great hands. Disciplined route runner too. Could be a major steal in the draft. Very excited and will be watching with great interest his development.
"Duvernay was an absolute stud at Texas. I watched every game (I'm a Longhorn), and each play I would find myself looking for Duvernay bc I knew he was the best bet. He's extremely fast and has fantastic hands. Sam Ehlinger (UT QB) is a known scrambler that lacks the speed and agility of Jackson, but he has the size to make up for it at the college level. With that said, Duvernay was his constant security blanket. The guy knows how to get open and run with the ball. He's quick, but he's also a bowling ball. He's an angry runner. He's moves like Brown before the catch, and runs like Ingram after the catch. I'm obviously bias bc I'm a Longhorn, but I was ecstatic when the Ravens drafted him. I look forward to watching him on field."
"As a Ravens fan for many years, best to hold off on high expectation for receivers. 

Excited for Hollywood. Outside of that, I’ll believe it when I see it."
"Very excited to see him play. I think our receiving core really improved this offseason. Brown added a lot of muscle, Boykin really impressed in camp, Snead I think played good in camp and we added DD (duvernay) and Porche"
"I'm super excited for this guy! For me he has that Steve Smith vibe to him - get him the ball let him beat people up. Unfortunately (for the sake of us getting to watch DD play more) I think snead has been too good to just brush aside.

Just like Ingram and dobbins, this offence has too many good issues. It's a fans dream and a fantasy football nightmare

Edit: forgot to mention the most important part! Have you seen the biceps on the kid?!"
"Obviously I would love both to be great but I have a feeling will end up the better player in 4 years. Like AB behind Wallace, Sanders & so on"
Dudes already a stud in madden lol. Consistently gets OROY
""
[WILDCARD BITCHES](https://media1.giphy.com/media/8vnaPLlNLiTn9P5IZn/giphy.gif)
Just imagine that defensive line.  Jesus
PLEASEEEEEEE
"So, no update."
"WILD CARD, BITCHES!


YEEEEE HAWWW"
Please make it happen
**ITS HAPPENING**
D line going from weakness to strength in one offseason would be quite cool
""
Maybe that’s why he was dancing like that lol
"If he beat out Fluker, Powers, Mekari, and Bredeson then I am excited to see Phillips play. He has all the physical tools to be a solid guard."
"Harbaugh LOVES vets, especially at o-line so the fact Phillips is even in the conversation is amazing"
"@dancli2 Not ready to say that. Phillips has just as good of a shot to start at RG if not better than Fluker.

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Just reread Mark Bullock’s write up on Phillips and I’m hyped. Basically all his flaws as a prospect hinged on him being a tackle, at guard the stuff he struggled with (namely speed on the edge) is a non factor. Meanwhile his strengths, ie being a massive mauler in the run game, is just going to be emphasized. 

There’s gonna be two mountains with him and OBJ on that right side, and EDC stay finding 3rd round lineman that contribute year one. Salute to the king."
Wasn’t this guy considered our 1 “miss” of the draft?
Osemele 2.0
[deleted]
This sub needs a new MaScott :(
No UDFA this year
got rid of the two Moores who dont drive me crazy
""
Trade a 5th for Kittle
Patrick Ricard will likely be used as a fullback/TE hybrid
My guess is one of the 2 active practice squad guys will always be a TE.
"Running back is the deepest position this year like TE was last year, so I assume they’ll run more 2 RB formations. Maybe use a 6th lineman on short yardage situations."
"Give Clowney his $15m, but he has to play both ways."
Crockett
Bring back jaleel and move him to TE. worked for Waller
"I know Ricard can play a little but it seems weird that a team that likes tight ends so much, we only have 2 true ones right now."
I would wager they pick one of the guys we cut back up after we IR some guys that made the 53.
It’s all part of the master plan
[deleted]
They'll keep the practice squad stocked and maybe claim someone off waivers.
"Pat ricard as FB/TE and i imagine when we put a couple of players who are a bit banged up on IR to return in as little as 3 weeks, we could be bringing back one of the TE's we just cut for their spot"
My guess is they bring in Delanie Walker after they place Skura on IR designated to return list. Just guessing of course. Eli Wolf and/or Scarff may be back on the PS.
Maybe Boykin sees some snaps at TE.  He’s 220 and blocks well for a WR.
""
You'd think they have a couple of those ugly towels somewhere to smother the flames with...
Some Steelers fan who stalks this sub: “lIVinG rENt FrEe”
I’m not surprised at all tbh.
"Any good Ravens fan should know if this happens to smother the flame with baking soda. It will cut the oxygen supply and extinguish the flame..

Also fuck the Steelers"
U have to be legit mentally handicapped to think this would result in anything other than catastrophe.
"I've seen too many of these videos where dipshits are playing with fire. 

If you're going to play with fire, at least have a contingency plan. Water or a damp cloth/towel nearby would make this idiotic move look less asinine"
Why are Shittburgh fans the only people who wear jerseys out of football season
How bout tossing some water on it?
"Those of you who joined the league, don't forget the draft today.  less than an hour away"
Any open slots?
I’m ready!
""
"kind of a weird looking raven, but I would die to protect him anyway"
[removed]
""
"Paying Stanley and Humphrey is going to cost us more then 40 million per year still worth it, but just wish we wouldn’t wait so long and just do the contracts, but have them begin at the end of there rookie deals."
We still need to pay Stanley fuck
"Call me crazy but I’m legit scared that we won’t resign one of our star players. 

1) decreased cap 
2) previous resign history 
3) huge, if not market resetting deals happening at positions our stars play at

The 80/20 rule can’t apply to Stanley/Marlon"
"Was wondering why Schefter said ""we"" regarding Baltimore"
"Were gonna wait until after Lattimore gets extended, the Saints are gonna have issues regarding cap next year,  so we'll probably wait and see"
"Mahomes and Watson both signed their extension after their year 3. 

Lamar’s going into his year 3. Maaaan, I hope he’s more patient than them. Cause we need to pay Stanley and Marlo."
[deleted]
Dmd
Looking to fill the final spot.
""
"Good, I’d rather use that money to extend our young, homegrown talent."
"I'm not really concerned. He would be an upgrade for our run defense but I don't see that being a real weakness in all honesty. 

Clowney, in my opinion, is not worth the cap hell we would put ourselves into. Especially considering the important pieces we would like the team to retain moving forward with an expected cap REDUCTION next year."
"I just watched Moneyball again today so I’m real big on the ‘value vs production’ thing right now, I don’t wanna pay 2M per sack"
Clowney tweeted nothing was set yet. I won't believe anything until I see a team announce it at this point
Shall we just set up a Clowney subreddit?
Were still going to dance on those fools regardless.
"Eh, oh well, from the sound of things we were never all that interested"
I’m reading that he hasn’t made a decision. They may have jumped the gun.
"Honestly for 12 million, they should have made a bid. Reports are saying we were his top choice."
[deleted]
Not a surprise. We always play it too safe and end up being a disappointment. When we have no pass rush and the titans bully us again. We'll remember this
[deleted]
Why did you post this here? What does this have to do with the Ravens?
""
Put it out with that Watt jersey! 😂🤣😂🤣😂
The 16 year streak is done. It was a good run. I think the lack of preseason really hurt the streak continuing.
Covid claims another victim.
I read some tweet today that its the first time in franchise history they have kept back to back set of QBs from the previous year
"Not exactly, the streak of keeping a UDFA on our 53 player roster after cutdowns is over. BUT we can still keep a streak of having a UDFA on the roster in Week 1 alive and well. There's a chance we put Skura/Moore or Madubuike on IR and then sign Nigel Warrior or Colon Castillo back to the active roster"
"IT is not done yet, the 16 year streak is having an undrafted FA make the 53 roster for the first game week. Skura is still on PuP and probably going to be put on IR (since he only has to be on for 3 weeks with this season roles) which means that Nigel Warrior/Wolf can easily make the team in that spot.   


Madibuke is also injured - the only time-table i have heard is week-to-week so I dont know if he will be IR'd too to start the season. But that is yet another spot for possible UDFA to continue the streak."
Is it us or the Patriots? I think I saw a similar headline about them
Not over yet. We'll probably re-sign someone when Skura and/or Mad Boogie go on temp IR
iirc wasnt there a rule change to which you can activate practice squad members on game day?
What streak was this?
[deleted]
[deleted]
What a very random sub for you to visit
""
Steelers ugliest team lol
That's MANdrews
""
OHHHH HE BROKE HIS ANKLES
Ankles so broken they fall into a new dimension.
"He totally demoralized that lion. Lion is probably in therapy now, poor bastard!"
This is posted like a million times here.......... And I still see no wrong lol
still looking for a way to not upvote such a thing
[deleted]
I wouldn’t laugh
Lame as fuck
Those two things aren’t mutually exclusive.
Douche
"Both, I’d be laughing at you."
Douche
The b99ers would chuckle
"Respectfully, both."
He was like a 55 year old fat white guy which is the only reason I found it funny.
Is your name Kyle and do you love MMA?
Are you 11?
I would probably see it and just say Noice outloud
Not as funny as the guy I saw at Lee’s that had a “Jackhammer” jersey with #69.
I wouldnt pay for it. But if you do I would say Noice and high five you!
[Noice!!](https://imgur.com/a/2Iionz2)
[deleted]
Do you have a link that shows the ravens were clowney’s #1 choice?
"The Ravens have more cap space now, than when Earl Thomas was on the team. When he was on the team, he was counting $15MM against the cap in 2020. Now that he's cut, there is $5MM dead cap this year and $10MM next year (pending grevience could change that). But right now, the Ravens have $10MM more than they did two weeks ago."
Dude. We weren't going to be able to outbid those other teams. Our front office won't overpay for someone who doesn't produce. He's getting pass rusher money and isn't a good pass rusher
[deleted]
I’d like to join. Any chance we can do ESPN though?
I'd like to join if there's anymore spots open
Sure I'm in
I’d be down to join if there’s still space
3.0 not as good as 2.0 ;)
"I missed this, but if anyone has a spot in their league I'd be happy to play if I can make the draft. My league fell through"
""
Kinda made the title seem like he was signing with the 53 man
[Update](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1302646345891799040?s=21)
Guess we aren't resigning RG3 next year. I wonder if he's willing to take a pay cut if there isnt a market for him
He's gonna be one of the four protected players I think. I really think RG3 and Trace are going to be gone next year
Wait I thought he was taking McSorley’s spot?
Does this mean our streak is still alive?
Yay 😐
"As a Utah fan, that’s great. As a Ravens fan, meh. Huntley is not an NFL caliber QB."
""
Just like we drew it up.
Surprised Jets didn't take everyone.
Is Jaleel eligible for the PS?
Sorry if this is a dumb question but I’ve been wondering this since yesterday. Or will we not find out until game day? Really interested in seeing which of our receivers will be having the most playing time and who showed out the most in camp besides Hollywood?
I think Jeff Z mentioned that we probably won’t know until game day?
We won’t know that until game day.  Harbaugh doesn’t like to give up information until he absolutely has too do so.
"I think the only real question mark left as far as starters goes is on the offensive line.  With this being game week, I imagine they'll have the starters taking most of the reps this week, so we should get a clear sense on the O-line this week before game day.

For the wide receivers, I assume it's Hollywood, Boykin, and Sneed as WR 1-3, with Duvernay and Proche getting action here and there."
""
"I like this move, think he can be a decent 'replacement' for Gus Edwards should he just happen leave for another team next year.The Ravens have always kept a big bruising rb on the team

* Bernard Pierce (2012-14)
* Lorenzo Taliaferro (2014-16)
* Gus Edwards (2018-)"
"That makes 5 RBs, correct?"
""
"Cornerback Khalil Dorsey, and Runningback Ty’son Williams signed with PS also."
""
"8 is way too big for a division game. Great value on the Browns if you're looking for bets.

Good value on NYJ, Miami, Cleveland, Washington, and Arizona for week 1 right now. Tampa is interesting as well."
Pretty sure this dude is a grandson of the snake handler that died from a snake bite.
This will be a close game. The Browns are talented and both teams are rusty as hell due to not having preseason.  Could go either way.
THE NORTH IS NOT ENOUGH
I don’t wanna hear about big favorites quite yet
[deleted]
I can't imagine him wanting to skip training camp was a plus in Harbaughs book.
Would rather roll that cap over to next year and have room to re-sign Stanley and Humphrey than blow our wad on 4 sacks from Clowney. We're building a dynasty not pushing our chips to the center of the table
Good to hear tbh. If coaches thought we needed him we could get him.
"Notes on the Clowney pursuit ...

• He had offers of ~$15M this offseason, but from teams he didn't want to go to.

• Market with teams he did like (Sea, NO, Ten) crystallized this weekend b/w $10M and $12M.

• Word was he'd wanted to go to Ravens, but they were lukewarm. 

***

posted by [@AlbertBreer](https://twitter.com/AlbertBreer)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"After the disaster with ETIII, I don’t blame the Front Office for being cautious with someone who might be a bad culture fit. Plus, I’m pretty sure than money we don’t spend under this years cap can get rolled into the next season which will be a lot more important with Lamar, Ronnie, and Marlon extensions coming due"
He probably didn't play like a Raven in their book. Purposely missing training camp 2 years in a row in addition to never really improving his pass rushing moves (working off talent) probably rubbed them the wrong way.
"The Ravens' business plan is ""younger, faster, stronger, cheaper."" Clowney would be deviating from that plan, which they do if they think it is really worth it. So they didn't think he was worth it. I like our guys. We will get production from Bowser and Ferguson, especially with upgraded DL."
"Can't help the club from the tub.

My guess why the Ravens were luke warm."
"Ya hear that, Tits!? You were his second choice!"
"I mean not gonna lie, would have loved him. And I’m scared about our depth at certain positions, especially after losing Yanda, Hayden Hurst, and Earl this offseason. 

But at this point EDC has my full confidence until proven otherwise."
Aww man
"If he was willing to come and we had the cap I feel like we’re gonna have a bit if regret on this.  AFC North has a strong rush presence (Chubb/Hunt on the Browns, Joe Mixon on the Bengals) and realistically if we get to playoffs the Titans and Henry are probably going to be in our way (let alone KC).  We can use his run stopping. And I love Judon but I think his sacks and TFL numbers were helped a lot by the aggressive blitzes we dialed up.  Even if Clowney isn’t an elite pass rusher I think he still brings a presence that allows us to get pressure without blitzing.  More importantly, it would help shore up potential gaps in the Secondary where ET is gone by strengthening the line."
I wonder if the front office consults the council on things like this
"EDC understands we need the cap space to sign Humph and Stanley.

I would not be surprised to see Stanley get a contract in the next year, Humphrey get franchised after 5th year option and us extend Lamar next offseason"
"Didn’t he get 12m with incentives that made it up to 15?


Most of these comments seem to indicate it was 15m against the cap.  I’m no cap expert but I don’t belieber that 12 with 15 max = 15 against the cap.

Those of you who don’t think he was worth 12, shame on youuuuuu"
How the fuck are we lukewarm on this. Like we have better pass rushers?
I couldn’t care less about 🤡. One big play in a meaningless bowl game does not an impact player make.
""
"Damn, you all start early lol"
"Last year, MARK Ingram IT ZERO did me a solid (Lebowski reference), but as we approach the 2020 season, I wanted to hear what other creative names people have come up with, especially with names like Queen and Dobbins added to the roster.

What ya got?"
"In one of my leagues, my keeper is Lamar so my team name is ""Post That On Main"" with [this as my team logo](https://i.imgur.com/6YJhp0p.png) (Reference to [this Gridiron Heights episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfU-pf6kYEo))

And in another league, my keeper is Mark Andrews so I just named the team ""Mr. Big Diabetes"" with the team logo being a picture of Mandrews showing off his blood sugar monitor"
"Steve Biscotti's Chicky Tendies

and

Corvid 19"
Tucker? I barely know her
Bone Suggs N Harmony
"Caw Caw, Bitches

What it lacks in creativity it makes up for in.......well, nothing. But still, caw caw, bitches."
ET Go Home
"“Dude, where’s Lamar?”"
Dobbins is a Free Elf
Yippee Kiyay Justin Tucker
Patman and Dobbins
Lamar Morghulis
"Granted, it is not Ravens-related, but this is the best one that I have ever heard, which still sticks out in my mind's memory to this day: ""Somewhere Over Dwayne Bowe""."
Lamar Jackson’s Five
"I’m a runningback, JK"
Stuck the Feelers
Lights Camera Jackson
"Earls entanglement.

TBH- I had decided on this before everything happened with him in camp."
"Purple Reign

Also, since I managed to win the past 2 seasons I changed it to Purple reignING CHAMPION last year and Purple reignING DYNASTY for this year"
"I've been Suggs and Kisses, Tucker till it Hurst. Now my name is MARQUISE my BROWN ass!!!"
"Ravenous D.

&#x200B;

Stole it from someone in this sub and im sorry but no ragrets."
"This year, I'm working on a 'Shadow Jacker' (R&M reference). Maybe the Shadow Jacksoners?"
The Brown Noise
Probably not very original but I usually go with rayvens every year
Donovan’s Ghost.
Llama Jackson Petting Zoo
One of my names is Lamarvelous Fucking Jackson
Judon Know Me
One of my names is Jackson Off til I'm McSorely
Era of 8.
Very Large Truss
RavensAnon
The Purple Pains
Lamar lswackson
""
This article did absolutely nothing to show why he shouldn't be slept on.
""
Scarff must’ve done really terrible in camp if he can’t make it despite a years more experience on the team then Wolf and Adams.
"The 'Unlucky 7' who are out: RB/RS Kenjon Barner, OL Parker Ehinger, CB Josh Nurse, TE Charles Scarff, WR Jaleel Scott, P Johnny Townsend & OLB Marcus Willoughby."
Finally this dumb forced meme can die
So hype Chauncey made it
Bro being on the practice squad has got to be one of the better gigs in the world. You make 500k to train get better and live a lavish life of travel as an athlete. I mean bro thats so much money to just practice.
The end of an era 😔
We fine.
Think every team will be carrying a QB on the practice squad.  With this virus you never know who it will strike
He couldn't be he was out of his qualifying for practice squad
""
"Also super weird to see a Long Snapper on the PS maybe because its a contract year for Cox, and we want to save money next year by moving on or something."
"Jaleel Scott, gone forever."
No Josh Nurse and he was hyped enough to be in the top 5 for our UDFAs.
"The 'Unlucky 7' who are out: RB/RS Kenjon Barner, OL Parker Ehinger, CB Josh Nurse, TE Charles Scarff, WR Jaleel Scott, P Johnny Townsend & OLB Marcus Willoughby."
"Quite surprised Huntley cleared waivers honestly, as I recall he got a ton of offers as an UDFA and only chose to come here because he's friends with Lamar"
It should be interesting to see which two suit up on Sunday
"Damn, i wonder where Bronson is..."
""
Wait what? I thought you can’t go on the practice squad after your first few years
I'll definitely miss the depth we had at DB last year.
"Thats really weird. If this was always an option I'm surprised we didn't do it. He was good CB AND safety depth. Sucks that his starting streak is gonna end, though."
"The Cowboys will probably designate Carr as one of their 4 protected PS members all season long, too. Thus, this now officially eliminates any hope of his return to the Ravens whenever the inevitable injury-laden secondary members start going down, as per usual.

Hence, there is officially no chance of relying on a solid contributor such as Carr in any type of dire pinch this season — let alone the likes of a Maurice Canady coming back from IR on an annual basis, as obviously he has been long gone to the Jets since last season.

Personally (and I am sure plenty others feel the same way), I think this was an under-the-radar bad decision to cut him loose during the offseason — especially considering the perennial durability issues of Jimmy Smith, Tavon Young, DeShon Elliott & even occasionally Anthony Averett.

Additionally, they were well aware of how ET3 was frequently behaving. In fact, apparently they were actively seeking ways out from under his contract for a while. Yet, for some reason, it seems they remained content to depend on players who respectively have horrendous injury histories over someone who is ALWAYS available — even if he is up there in age and losing steps."
Carr-y on my Brandon son.
Damn this sucks. I loved Carr. He gets hate for zero reason dude was ALWAYS a solid CB option. Wish we had him for depth
"The Fantasy news on Yahoos website says otherwise. I know hes not a #1 corner, but damn they're doing him dirty down there... 

[https://imgur.com/wFMWaHJ](https://imgur.com/wFMWaHJ)"
""
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/inxpks)"
"Football season is upon us! Join my league Pittsburgh sucks. Click Here: https://football.fantasysports.yahoo.com/f1/1059810/invitation?key=d17b426512bde9f1&ikey=67ecd27d31625b81&soc_src=app-sh&soc_trk=lnk

Heres the link, sorry doing this on mobile!

12 team 0.5 point ppr, snake draft.

Live draft September 8th at 8pm."
Ravens Fantasy 4.0*****
"I'm looking for a league - looks like it's 8PM Pacific, is that right? If so I can do it, if it's Eastern I can't."
I'm in
In.  Let’s get it!
"Is there still spots available?

Edit: Thanks just joined"
"I joined too, if that’s cool!"
""
"Which will quickly dissappear with the resigning of Stanley, Hump and likely LJ."
"With 2020 season just around the corner, a quick look at 2021 cap shows \#Ravens in strong position with the 6th highest Effective Cap Space from OTC 

***

posted by [@DPRees8](https://twitter.com/DPRees8)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EhSLaUOUcAAzgj_.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Is that dead money coming from Earl?
At this rate Lamar will ask for his new contact mid season and hold out next year if not lmao
[deleted]
Not unusual for a players jersey to be heavily discounted when he’s not on the team anymore
I kinda wanna buy it lol maybe i could get a jets one too and have a whole joe flacco shrine
Lmfao
Because Bum Flacco is now the backup of the jets
""
Damn I needs that in my life amigo
Those shitty tshirt people are just getting more clever about how they push their shirts around.
""
"Don’t we usually pick a player with the same number of days as their jersey numbers for these things? Or did you pick MP because of pick 6’s lol

Edit: nvm I forgot basic math, the pick 6 idea wasn’t a bad guess though"
my body is ready lol
Lamar Jackson
Well he has a few pick 6’s
Damn I thought the message was Kaare Vedvik were #6 and we traded him for Marcus Peters essentially but the 2+4 thing works too
What happened to that guy that was doing everyone that wore that number everyday?
Woohooo
[removed]
""
"Welcome to the Owners of Useless Running Back Merchandise Club. 

Signed, an owner of an Alex Collins Jersey."
Why would you think Justice Hill would be any more than a change of pace 3rd down option?
He could still be great man. Maybe he'll be like a change of pace god like Sproles.
Buy low sell high. This is just another buying opportunity.
3rd string running back didn't hold his value? I'm surprised
""
"Uhh do we really allow any shitposts here now? I mean come on, the only link with the Ravens is your jersey. And the video quality is garbage"
"This is a Ravens subreddit. The only thing Ravens-related is your shirt, and I am not sure that qualifies."
GET OFF MY LAWN
[deleted]
"I’m anxious as always about the opening game being a divisional game. Harbs is 9-3 on opening day and we’re usually very well prepared and I bet we come in with a chip on our shoulder since they ran all over us last year in week 3. 

I think we get the win, but I’ll be more conservative and say something like 24-13. But would love to see a beat down like 39-3."
"Browns fan here. I think the 8-point spread in favor of your team (which will prob go down a couple points as we get closer to Sunday) is fair. There are a few reasons why:  

-Our brand new LT, Jedrick Wills, has reportedly had a tough time in camp. Granted, he had to move from RT (which he played at Bama) and he was going up against a fully-healthy Oliver Vernon but he will be protecting Baker's blind side. I'm not sure if I like that going up against your pass rush  
-In addition to Wills' foibles, C JC Tretter has been battling injuries through camp. As of today (9/7) he's back to practicing, but he's the anchor of our OL and if he's not ready that's going to be a problem.  

-We have a solid starting four on our DL but lack depth. I expect to get a good pass rush going against your OL but I don't expect it to last into the 2nd half.  

-Our LB corps is easily the weakest part of our team. Only Takitaki is a known commodity with Mack being out. If your RBs or Lamar make it to the 2nd level, that could spell trouble for us.  

-Losing S Grant Delpit was a huge blow, although I would think that he's technically an unknown commodity as a rookie; having Harrison step in takes a load of that weight off. But after Harrison I'm not sure how good our safeties will be. Our CBs are money though.  

-Baker has been inconsistent. Most of these inconsistencies have been in the early part of camp--he's since smoothed out the rough edges and he looks pretty good now--but if he struggles again like he did last year, the game could easily get out of hand.  

-New coach and offensive scheme. With not OTAs and preseason, this is gonna be difficult to streamline. We might do better in the 2nd half of the season if Stefanski is worth his salt and we avoid major injuries but I don't expect our offense to be ready beyond the first couple scripted drives. We are as talented as anyone on offense but it's going to be an uphill battle to gel on time.  

Let me know if you have any questions and I'll do my best to answer them."
"Ravens are gonna win big. 

-Look at our recent week 1 score lines. Absolute domination over the past 3 years. 

-Cleveland has a brand new coaching staff that had a shortened offseason. Yikes

-Cleveland’s defense is a massive liability. Billings opting out will hurt an already weak run defense. Many unknowns in the LB and secondary. Expect a heavy dose of Ingram and Dobbins. 

-Chubb will get his yards, but I think ultimately our defense will limit him and the play action. 

Final score: Ravens 38 Cleveland 10"
31-17 Ravens
The only chance they have is to ~~this part is not getting published on reddit~~.
34-13 ravens
"Stressed for this. We always seem to struggle against the Browns and, as always, they have the potential to be good this year. Hopefully this isn’t the year they finally click"
Just got goosebumps. I’m so glad football is back 🥰
I shouldn't have watched this bc I'm all pumped now.
Blood bath
Good write up my man. Thanks for this.
Ravens win 42-14. Lamar throws 3 TDs and 300+ yards.
33-20 Ravens. Mayfield with a late 4th quarter TD to make it look like less of a drubbing. Lamar throws an INT at one point but is otherwise the MVP of the game.
Ravens dominate 35-10
Can anyone send me a link to stream the game tmrw ?
""
"It's just Harbaugh's usual ""rookies to the back of the line"" thing. Having Patrick Queen be the day one starter is quite unusual for him."
"Hollywood was listed as the WR3 going into last years season debut.

He then had 150 yards and 2 TDs in week 1


This depth chart means notbing"
"This depth chart was put out by the public relations team, not the coaches. Harbaugh won’t even tell the media who is starting at right guard on Sunday, he’s not going to break down the order of every position so the other team knows what to expect. This is just something to create buzz and keep fans interested until the season starts."
I really wouldn't worry about the 2/3/4 spots on the RB depth chart at this time. Playing well will move you up.
Harbs doesn’t like depth charts.
These aren’t official depth charts. Just the ravens media making them.
[this should explain it](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1303021249854148611?s=20)
"Also, surprised to see Snead at PR since he's only returned one punt in his entire career(and only 3 KR too)."
"I wouldn't read too much into it this chart has Moore listed behind Hollywood and he's not even playing yet, also I feel like Dobbins may be in that pass catching TE3 spot on some plays"
"Proche isn’t listed as starting punt returner, but he is definitely going to start there by all accounts he won the position battle."
DEEP DEPTH
Fantasy owners in shambles!
Fluker at Rg us more interesting probably means Phillips starts lol
"This offense runs on such a rotation, I don't think it will matter.  Also, telling other teams who to scheme for is silly."
depth chart is made by pr team not the coaches
Hey guys! Just wanted to open a discussion and see what the flock expects out of Jaylon this year. I’m super hopeful that he can take the next step in being an edge-setter. Hopefully McPhee can help mentor him and help him become the pass rusher we all hope for!
"Jaylon Ferguson and Miles Boykin are the two non-rookies whose progress this season will likely define us.  We'll be a good team even if we get very little from those two, but if we can get breakout seasons from one or both, the sky's the limit."
"I expect him to have 2 more quality seasons, then put up 15 sacks in the last year of his rookie deal then sign elsewhere (see Z, McPhee, Kruger, etc)"
"Fergunsun missed a good amount of training camp with an undisclosed back injury.  I don’t expect him to get more time snaps at OLB then Bowser or McPhee at least for the first couple games, but he will see more snaps at OLB then Ward."
"Per Wink, Jaylon came into camp in great shape.  Wink had said last year that Jaylon didn’t really get into pro shape until about halfway through the season. I think the offseason additions of Campbell and Wolfe will help get him more favorable matchups and one-on-ones this season. By year two the game generally starts to slow down for guys and they usually make a sizable jump in productivity. I would wager Jaylon improves this season and has around 8-9 sacks."
"This year? I expect nothing of him. Develop, get a few snaps, don’t embarrass yourself, and I’ll be pleased. That being said, I mean develop. I expect the kid to break into a starting role 1-2 seasons from now"
"My conservative hope for Ferg is something similar to Bowser last year. Around 5 or 6 sacks, but kinda streaky, with maybe one or two big splash plays that make a casual fan go “who the hell is Jaylon Ferguson”."
hopeful but not super optimistic
"Honestly, I don't expect much more than what we got from last year. He's still fat as hell and there's been nothing coming out of camp that he adding any other moves to his arsenal. I want him to succeed so bad, but I'm not gonna get excited until I see something on field.

I really wish we had a preseason lol"
Seems like the ravens tried to do some funky trade of Clowney.  Maybe they didn’t see Jaylon stepping up in practice or maybe they thought getting Clowney was too good to be true.
Ferguson got a lot of playing time as a rookie and was... not good. Most 3rd rounders don't pan out and I think it's very unlikely he does.
[deleted]
C'mon now.
Can’t do much with logos because of copyright and trademark
""
"Sooo, can someone smarten me up on cap stuff here. If we traded for him from the jags, wouldn’t we still be stuck with the contract? Or would the jags eat some of it, thus making this a thing where jags are buying draft pics?"
Imagine if EDC got us Hopkins and Clowney... This man already stole 2 all pros he almost did it again lol. EDC is always ready to make something happen.
"Basically, the Jags would pay him more money up front and then trade him to use for a high draft slot. Effectively “buying” a draft pick from us. Other leagues do this, NFL has not allowed it."
"Even if it didn't work out, I love EDC thinking outside of the box."
"Coming from a casual ravens fan, who do we have such a good relationship with in the Jaguars organization. 

Ravens seem to always be linked to their players and have traded with them with Campbell now.

Is this a Eric Decosta thing?"
"Well, at least he wanted to come here. Time to move on and get ready for those Browns...."
This confirms he's not good enough to overcome the cap hit we'd take.
all this is telling me is that we’re gonna be right back here next FA
"Still don’t know why NFL doesn’t allow sign and trades like these. It’s a win-win for both teams. Jags get draft capital, but eat a portion of cap for Clowneys bonus, and Ravens would get Clowney and he’d take up less cap."
I’m not too keen on Clowney anyway I don’t think he hustles on defense which is our culture on that side of the ball
This year it makes sense to carry more cap into the season. Never know who might opt out or be ruled out due to positive tests. Smart to keep a larger Emergency fund
No cap
Soooo we can think Judon and a pick?
"In this thread: downvote anyone that thinks we could have used some EDGE help, or anyone that calls out what a massive circle jerk this thread is."
 If they really wanted him they would’ve made it happen. Pretty frustrating that it’s always “the Ravens almost did this” or “almost did that” and almost never “the Ravens did that” 😑
""
Hot takes get clicks don't take it personally
"What’s crazy to me is the blind faith in Big Ben. He’s 38 years old, coming off a season ending surgery, and was trending downwards even before that. I might actually be less surprised by Joe Burrow balling out or Baker having a resurgence than Ben being good again."
It’s actually crazy to me the lack of confidence nationwide in this team. 12-4 team minimum.
cowboys winning the super bowl is just weird
Lol. Chiefs the only team in the league with more than 11 wins? These writers are really trying to get those last “preseason” clicks.
As if bruh
No way we'd lose that many games.
"Dude, you can find a reporter to say anything. People arent doubting us"
See I’m a browns fans who likes to visit here and shoot the shit here once and awhile (always come in peace). Even I know that the Ravens are the best team in the North at the moment. Big Ben has to prove it that he can stay healthy and that he still has it. You can’t pick against the Ravens until another team proves to be worthy.
Sons of bitches...
"We all should relish being a underdog. It makes it that much better when we kick the shit out of every body in the division fuck the browns,the Steelers and the Bengals"
The way it should be. Let them sleep.
I like it better that way
"[https://awfulannouncing.com/cbs/cbs-announces-2020-nfl-broadcast-pairings.html](https://awfulannouncing.com/cbs/cbs-announces-2020-nfl-broadcast-pairings.html)

Week 1 will be presented by the new pairing of Ian Eagle and Charles Davis"
Fouts was really good from like 88-2000ish.   He would sometimes drop gems that no one else could even approach about how plays develop.   Too bad we have to get old.
"Not related but I never understood how Kevin Harlan isn’t the 1st slot with Tony Romo but especially how he isn’t even the 2nd slot. Dude is arguably the best play-by-play commentator in the business right now and he’s on the 3rd slot for CBS that gets the boring games no one watches (However because of this, he got to call Lamar’s spin on the Bengals that made that play even more legendary.)"
Gerry “the Hard G” Sandusky or no one.(maybe Romo and Sharpe)
Best news of 2020.
also the fact we are getting announcing groups means football is back dude i officiay got excited its Browns week
That really was a friendly reminder because I completely forgot about this
Real shit?
Thank the lord
"Loved him as a QB after the Colts left.

Fucking hated him as a commentator.

Anti ravens motherfucker."
"Sucks too b/c Fouts is an all time great. Best San Diego 
QB ever. Old age a bitch."
Best sports news of 2020? Maybe!
Why tf was dolphins pats picked for Nantz and Romo over us lmao
Ion Eagle sounds like a ship from Star Wars that could make the Kessel run in 9 parsecs
This sub hates him too? He was loathed at /r/chargers because he would try to be so unbiased he came across as charger hating... and he seemed to really have a problem with Rivers after he broke all of Fouts records.  But why does /r/ravens hate him too?
Thank you God for your eternal kindness.
"Charles Davis is my favorite, love that we’ll more than likely get him more than once a year now."
I much prefer Dan Fouts over Madden guy
Are there any other ATL Ravens fans on here?  I’m looking for a place to watch the game when’re I’m not going to be the one dude in purple sitting at a booth alone.  Any recommendations for a bar or even a watch party community in the Atalanta area.  If there’s not any already would anyone be interested in started our own?
Hudson Grill Midtown in ATL is home to watch parties for a group called Ravens Nation South. But I don’t know if they’re doing watch parties this season
"Hey Atlanta friend! I’m in Marietta and I’ll be steaming crabs for opening day. If you want the authentic experience let me know!

Disclaimer: I do have a newborn, so you might have to deal with crying. That said, drinking and crab eating will be done."
[deleted]
""
To this day. Best game I’ve ever watched.
This one of those plays that you will remember the exact place you were until the day you die haha
"Denver, Ravens, rest of the audience"
Damn I got so drunk after that win. What a game
I was positive it was going to be a 5th straight year of heartbreak in the playoffs before this. I'll never ever forget this play and how crazy me my brother and my friend went.
HAS IT AT THE 20
As a Ravens fan in Broncos country watching this play and winning the game was pretty tight
"https://youtu.be/FOeL1D8vMiI

Best view"
I think the guy who dropped his jaw is an accurate depiction of the Denver fans
"I could just be a happy clapper but I remember being so confident that Flacco could pull it off. Really wish I wasn't a UK Fan and could enjoy it with it my pals, but if Sunderland ever win something in my lifetime, I'm sure it'll be wild."
I remember getting up to turn off the TV before that series.  But then I figured if something big happened I would want to have seen it
Why you gotta do this fam?
Where can I find the clip of this play with the Baltimore announcers saying “has it at the 20!!”
Live in Denver and was watching with my Broncos fans friends. Fucking incredible
This will always be a great memory I can share with my Dad! By far the most exciting moment I’ve ever experienced watching sports.
One of the greatest moments ever in any sport fr .. tell me I'm wrong!!
I know i was that was xrazy.
""
I didn’t even know they made a new lamar pop. Just ordered! Lol
Nope and same for ray lewis
[deleted]
Hope it's not a pay league because you'll get creamed.
Yeah... youre gonna have a bad time lol
Week 8 is going to be a tough one.
Would’ve been cooler if you got Ingram and RG3
Is this a meme?
Week 8 gonna be a struggle
[deleted]
Because the NFL did not want to allow us to be that powerful.
What's the downside to sign and trades? Extra paper work?
""
The best thing to come from this was the people who said this mattered and Lamar was a shitty thrower switched up and all of a sudden said the Pro Bowl didn’t matter when Lamar won the game MVP 🤡
That's my quarterback
I want to do this
""
This is actually a good looking fantasy team. RG3 is a wasted bench spot IMO though.
Gl ur bye week lol
I have hollywood and Andrews also lol
I thought so too but I wanted to get him in case of injury or COVID for a spot start or two. I viewed him as my handcuff for LJ.
Crap I forgot to add Robert Woods as my flex.
I remember reading a post not too long ago here about someone wanting to start a league with people from the sub. Is that still happening or did it already happen? I’ve been trying to join a league with people who aren’t total strangers for a while. Thanks!
I'd join if we can set it up to draft tomorrow
Same
Ok everyone I started a group chat with everyone on this and another post of mine
""
OBJ is actually the No.2 receiver in Cleveland after all.
He let Humphrey shit all over him last year too.
"They don't call it the Cleveland Steamer for nothin'!

That should be OBJ's new nickname"
The No Jumper Podcast and Adam22 are absolutely garbage. Never trust shit they make up.
"Not sure if I believe this, seems like a shitpost"
Ain't those the same hoes who said they fucked the entire '17 Suns team? Bitches be lying.
Oh Odell be worrying about the Wrong Browns I guess
Browns fan here... just stopping by to make sure this news was being used in our rivals sub to its full advantage. Saw a Cleveland steamer joke. Carry on.
Makes sense that he went to the team called the Browns
"True or not, I really hope Marlo uses this to get in his head on Sunday"
You guys think OBJ catches the shit with one hand or two?
Idk she backpedals as soon as the host says “You did it?!” kinda sus
What a going on ere loool
Listening to those birds chirp was painful tbh
He must have some german roots in him
[deleted]
""
"He’s also admitted on air that they get assigned sides to take in order to make for interesting tv. 

Spoiler: every program does this, sports or otherwise. In a week Brandt will be for us winning the Super Bowl, it’s just how tv goes."
"Quick, to the pitch forks!"
"Hot Takes get Views. And free promotion on Reddit, like this."
Yeah but where did the homie Schrager have us?
Real question is did D'Angelo Hall predict Lamar winning another MVP? Is he even on the show?
"Who cares? If you get worked up by every negative comment out there, sports in general isn’t for you."
Come on KB. You’re better than that
Don't care
"Also picked the Squeelers to take it all this year, it’s just about appealing to large markets."
Byle Krant
That punk Kyle Brandt is a perennial Lamar Jackson and Ravens hater. Last year he bit his tongue several times having to give props to LJ and the Ravens but you could see his discomfort. Now he's out of the closet in his hate for Lamar Jackson. He is like this typical racist punk who is too scared to be open about it but keeps letting out whiffs of racist drivel so we know who he is.
I recently upgraded my CPU cooler to an nzxt z63 which can display any gif on it...sadly the only ravens logo version is just the head wiggling left and right
"dimensions, any other parameters i should know about? number of colors it can support? stuff like that. i guess i could just google it, but let's make it interesting here.

if you get me those, i'll think of something"
Just did a build with the z62! Subscribe.
"When I had just learned how to use After Effects, [I made this one](https://i.imgur.com/uKHbhuF.gif). It's simple but maybe it's what you need?

BONUS: [https://i.imgur.com/G4rodjc.gif](https://i.imgur.com/G4rodjc.gif)"
Surely there's a gif of Lamar's run against the Bengals.
Does it need to be a logo? I have one insanely high res gif from last season but it isn't the logo. I think it's Marlon clapping at a Texans pkauer but I'd have to check. Also have Lamar with one of his jukes against Seattle that's pretty HD.
""
We would have scored 70+ points if we left him in the whole game. The man just couldn't miss that day.
"Man, I pray we get a super bowl this year to shut up the haters. I’m just glad the season is starting soon though. This extended off season has been torture to wait through"
Crazy thing was he barely ran the ball that day
I love this man more than I love myself.
that’s my quarterback!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
After that game I told all my friends he'd be MVP. They laughed and said the Dolphins were bad so I couldn't base my call on anything 🤷‍♂️
Couldn’t watch it
"You mean ""One year ago today mexploder89 fell in love for the first time"""
"Man, Lamar is cool"
"My girlfriend lives in Hereford, right outside of PA, and i’m wondering if i can watch the games on Locast without having to purchase game pass."
Its baltimore county so i would assume so
You could just stream them online. PM if you need sites (the subreddit got deleted). I haven't had cable for a decade and have never missed any game I wanted to watch!
Its BalCo so i would assume yes
Of course.
Pretty sure you can even get the games in lower Pennsylvania.
They have electricity up there now?
"Clay Matthews and Cam Wake are still on the market and we have about $16m in cap space right now (not including the expected ET3 grievance which I believe will drop us to $12m). 

Would it be more worth it to get a team friendly 1 year deal on a veteran pass rusher, or is it more worth our while to let the cap roll over for when we eventually have to pay our young core?"
Both are washed.
Let's let Bowser ball out and work for his payday this year
I'd rather have Suggs back than either of those two.
Too many big in-house contracts on the horizon. Me personally I’d let it roll over.
"With the uncertainty around the cap next year and the need to pay Stanley, Humphrey and Lamar I'd say let it roll over. Since we didn't draft an EDGE we desperately need Ferguson to develop this year."
"Right now, ill let the cap roll over. We have a very good team. I would just let the young guys get more experience."
We don’t even need those players lol
I’m for letting it roll over. Cap is expected to shrink next year and we have some key players that we will want to try to sign
Everyone puts too much weight in people being veterans.
"If last season was any indication, they'll roll with our guys until they prove they need help and then we'll make a move"
"The trade deadline is still open and injuries happen so nobody should be too much in a hurry to spend what little bit of cap that is left. Let the process play itself out. Worst comes to worst, if money isn't spent it can be next year in a year where the cap is going to be reduced."
"Let it roll over as it stands, but if somebody gets hurt I wouldn’t hesitate to give either a call."
Rolling over cap space is dumb. A dollar of cap in 2020 is worth more than a dollar of cap in 2021 because the salary cap (except in extreme circumstances) inflates.
""
"I'm a simple man. I see a Dragon with a Lombardi, I upvote."
"Super stoked that we getting football on Thursday, in light of everything that's happened. And then over the moon that the Ravens play on Sunday. 

""Four chuggas is the correct amount of chuggas before a choo-choo."""
Seems weird we are going right into the regular season with no preseason games.
I see him throwing bombs to Perriman after he Darnold gets benched in week 6.
"My jersey is in a pile at the post office. 15m till i pick it up. 

Lj8 every gameday whilst in Seahawks territory, lets goooooo

Edit: **IM WEARING IT AND I FEEL SEXY**"
This was one of the best days of my life as a sports fan. I won on this day..
And on gameday we post art modell
We’re gonna shit on them!
Wait what? There has been so much going on this year kind of not paid attention to the dates getting pushed around and whatnot. Week one is this week?!
STUNT ON THESE HOE ASS BROWNIES
"Happy that NFL is back. 

And as always, nervous about a Ravens game.

20+ years of this and I still feel wound up before the kickoff.

Normally I'd say we crush the Brownies, but not any more. We beat them, but I say only by a field goal."
Elite photograph
Lamar Jackson is going to light up the NFL in ways it's never been lit before. Let's go!
I'm going Duvernay just to get weird with it
Patrick Queen since he's starting in the middle of the D
JK Dobbins
Queen will have the biggest impact throughout the season. But is what Dobbins will play a huge role for the last third of the season.
"Easily Queen, I mean he could have an average season and still lead us in tackles."
If we’re getting weird with it I’ll go with  Phillips winning the RG job three weeks in and having the biggest impact by solidifying the line
"queen is the only one starting, so him."
"Patrick Queen just as a product of being the starting Mike. But I can see JK getting the bulk of the attention, especially if Ingram goes down."
""
can confirm.
Good times...
"Wait, Dolphins?  I know the line, so does everyone else...

#FuckKikoAlonzo"
As a fan of both always hate this game
[deleted]
I'm sorry who?
"He was always kind of a jackass, I don't miss hearing from him or MDlaw whatever"
"I immediately unfollowed after he said that. If he had that opinion about the movie then that's fine, he's entitled to it. But my god learn to read the room."
"I watch basically no movies and didn’t even know who Chadwick Bozeman was until he died. Seems like he was a great dude though and fuck this guy for just being a contrarian asswipe,"
I guess if you dont get fired for being terrible at your job for years eventually you get fired for something dumb
Yeahhhh I unfollowed him a while ago. He's basically a closet racist
""
Flacco tied for 6th in all time playoff wins too. Found this one [here](https://www.highrises.com/nfl-quarterbacks-ranked-by-playoff-performance.php).
thats wild Brett Favre threw 30 interceptions across 13 games. Then there's Brady with 35 interceptions through 30 games
I’m not surprised that Flacco’s on the list given how we frequently we made a moderate to deep playoff run the first 7 seasons in his career but Dilfer made the list??? Trent “Defense told me they only need 3 pts” Dilfer???
Flacco just went into another gear when we got into the playoffs.
Also #30 Johnny U
the grading system seems kinda whack and arbitrary tbh. mostly volume stats randomly thrown together.
"Bottom line, everyone above Flacco is, or will be, in the hall of fame.


Edit:  Plenty below him too."
"> not mentioning Ravens Legend Steve McNair

Bastard"
"""playoff wins are quadruple weighted"""
Flacco is better than Ben
Unitas at 30 is fucking criminal
""
"That's my QB right there! Go get that Lombardy, Lamar!"
Those Oakleys are nice
""
Big Boi . . . No Lil' Boi!
For ever ever?
"Suggestion: Photoshop 'André 3000' to 'RG3' — after all, they do kinda resemble each other, face moles included — then you'll also have 'RG3000' standing beside & slightly behind (playing backup) to 'Mr. Jackson' aka ""Big Boi! No ~~Little~~ Lil' Boi!"""
"If I had Lamar this year, I would've done this. Instead I went more general and shopped Jameis Winston onto Larry David's face on the season 6 cover of Curb Your Enthusiasm. I call my team 'Curb Your Interception'."
Mine was “I’m Lamarry Ms Jackson” last year. This year it’s big truss
""
"TAke a look, y'all: IMG_4346.jpeg"
He’ll start at some point this year. Darnold isn’t great and Gase is gonna get desperate for his job at some point.
[Look at how they massacred my boy](https://i.imgur.com/5neOCPA.png)
Hopefully Jets don’t get a playoff berth.
"Lifelong Baltimore resident, just moved to FL to be closer to my mom. She lives about 30 mins south of Orlando. Looking for good suggestions on how I can watch the game (Covid-permitting of course)."
Sport surge
"I’m a Ravens fan in FL too. r/nflstreams used to be the best option for out-of-market fans, but they got shut down last year. [Sportsurge.net](https://sportsurge.net/#/groups/0) is the way to go now."
Nflbite.com
bilasport.net
"If you live in an apartment and are unable to get a direct tv satellite they’ll allow you to get just the Sunday ticket app, it’s like $60 a month for four months and you don’t have to have direct tv."
""
""
It's weird not seeing Yandas name on there
Is the Ravens PR chart again?
Exciting to see Patrick Queen as a day 1 starter. He’s in for a tough matchup from Nick Chubb but can hopefully show us his talents.
"Little surprised to see Chris Board above Malik Harrison on the chart, but otherwise pretty straight forward"
"I'm a bit surprised we're only carrying 2 TEs given we've be doing a lot of TE sets.  


I guess we do have 2 more on the practice squad."
"The Browns #1 wideout allegedly “Can’t wait to be shit on by the Ravens during the week one matchup”


EDIT: Thought id include my [source](https://www.totalprosports.com/2020/09/08/ig-model-tells-wild-story-of-odell-beckham-jr-allegedly-liking-to-be-pooped-on-video/)"
"Yepp, #13 of the Cleveland Steamers is ready to get dumped on! Who doesn't fancy themselves a nice chest poopy?"
Top quality literal shit post.
They should change the name on the back of his jersey to Steamer.
I mean come on
We do not kink shame except if he has a good game against us
A true #2 receiver
"OBJ plays both sides so he always wins. If the Browns win, he gets to enjoy the taste of victory. If he loses, he gets to enjoy getting shitted on by his opponent"
"This is the ravens subreddit. 

Let’s not talk about the lil homegirl and her kinks."
Why else do you think he allows Marlon to shit all over him every chance he gets eh?
OBJ eyein his girl on taco Tuesday
"I’m sure most are joking, but for those who think this is serious, I don’t think someone like an IG “model” who has had a stint with 6ix9ine and a child with Chief Keef can be taken as unpretentious and truthful





But then again, fuck OBJ and this would be hilarious if it’s actually true"
[OBJ has a pretty great response ngl](https://i.imgur.com/8NLUVFQ.jpg)
Why do you think he sign with the “BROWNS”. Guess it wasn’t cus of Jarvis
[...we have been](https://reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/ionpmt/so_thats_why_odell_went_to_the_brownsit_had/?ref=share&ref_source=link)
""
[deleted]
""
"Also, I'd like to add, Art Modell was the best thing that ever happened to that garbage franchise and terrible city, and the more you blame him for your losing culture, the sweeter the ""Art"" tag looks on our second superbowl jersies"
"I also find it hilarious that the Steelers and other franchises stuck up for Cleveland when Art wanted to move the team, but Pittsburgh and the rest of the league was radio fucking silent when Irsay ran out of town in the middle of the night in a blizzard. Literally lied to everyone on local news, “I’m not moving the damn team.” A team with 3 NFL titles, and 1 Super Bowl victory, vanishes overnight. Literally nobody outside of Baltimore cared when it happened. Why should we care about Cleveland’s announced move? Not to mention the whole 12 year wait vs 3 year wait thing. 

Commissioner Tagliabue came to the negotiating table and helped Cleveland, as opposed to Comissioner Rozelle who approved the Colts move without question (Rozelle later wrote in his autobiography that it was the worst decision he made as commissioner).

Baltimore and Cleveland both filed imminent domain lawsuits to keep their team’s history when moves were announced. You can figure out on your own which city got screwed and which city got to keep their history. 

The Colts used Johnny U and footage of Baltimore in their uniform release video a couple months ago, and switched to the old number font and horseshoe worn in Baltimore. When did we wear Browns unis? Oh that’s right, never.

We are still being slapped in the face with the Colts move to this very day while Cleveland owns their history outright. The Baltimore Colts history is locked behind an Indianapolis vault, and we will never get it back. Cleveland fans need to stop crying, you’re lucky you even have a team."
Pin this shit mods
After the latest Odell Beckham news I think a more appropriate name would be the Cleveland Steamers.
"i go into every season feeling indifferent about the browns. they’re honestly so pathetic year in and year out that i can’t hate them.

but then they get odell, my favorite player in the nfl before lamar joined us, and i had to sit there watching baker constantly overthrowing and playing like shit. then they had their only good game of the year against us and treated it like the super bowl.

i can’t think of a city more deserving of the browns than cleveland. i’m so glad that no matter what i’ll be able to tell my kids about ravens super bowls even if they never win another in my lifetime, something a browns fan likely won’t see. i don’t know what it would be like to tell my kid we picked top 10 every season"
They’ve stepped on rakes with first-rounder after first-rounder.
I approved this reminder.
"Hell yeah, baby. I have a special kind of hatred for Browns fans. I wish them absolutely nothing but their continued misery for as long as they exist. They celebrate pissing on a man’s grave"
"See y’all Sunday. 😘

ps. I love the ravens I just love shit talking."
"i'm feeling really rude today so let's just say it. we here in baltimore with the colts leaving are like when your girlfriend breaks up with you, so you go out and find a nicer, smarter, hotter, more successful girlfriend. the browns over there are the ex-boyfriend who lingers around the ex-girlfriends life, keeps on reminiscing about what could have been while she has definitely moved on, and eventually gets a new girlfriend who is definitely not an improvement."
"I've always said that if Cleveland does make a super bowl run, it will be the most unimpressive thing ever. Like you've had how many top 5 draft picks in the last few decades? The NFL is almost designed to gift you a lombardi at this point but they still lose."
This is the way
"In life it’s important to carefully consider your opinions, examine your biases, and do your best to understand the viewpoints of others. However sports are supposed to be about fun and blind indulgence of emotion!

In conclusion, fuck the Browns and their fans forever. I’m glad their team left. Art Modell was glad the team left. Every player who has ever suited up for the Ravens is glad that team left."
"Guys that shit was 20 years ago who gives a fuck. Half the people on this sub weren't even alive before the Ravens existed as a team. 

But fuck the browns, caw caw, lets go muhfuckers."
CLEVELAND CLOWNS 🤡
And me the only Bucs fan lurking most likely
"I’ve always been a fan of Drew Carey’s “you can now officially shut up!” speech at the Browns home opener after they returned to the league.

[They got a brand new team and you could already hear the frustration in his voice.](https://youtu.be/hpcTBDT99qI)"
"I just want to say that I love the Browns! I love the Browns so much,  that I also love the Ravens. No animosity for the past, that's dead. 

PS: I also like  the Bengals, those craptacular rascals. 
But I HATE Pittsburgh! I hate the penguins, the Steelers, the pirates. I dislike that black and yellow color scheme so much, I don't even like  the Iowa Hawkeyes."
This is a legendary post
[deleted]
"I try to be more diplomatic:

""We took your old shit team and turned it into a champion. If you dont fix your house, someone might do it again with your new shit team."""
"My response to a browns fan complaining to me about the Ravens is ""Oh, are you mad because it was unfair Baltimore had to give up their illustrious history and dope uniforms, but you were forced to keep your dogs*t colors?  I'd be mad too."""
One word: Brilliant!
The Cleveland Steamers
"Friendly reminder that the team we ""stole"" was objectively bad.

They were below .500 when the move was announced. Only one of the teams they beat had a winning record. The teams they lost to weren't world-beaters either(10-6 DET, 10-6 BUF, 7-9 HOU, 6-10 NE, 4-12 JAX), so they couldn't even beat bad teams. They were mediocre at-best in nearly every statistic at that point, too. (Bottom five scoring offense, bottom 12 scoring defense, bottom five in yards allowed, bottom 12 in third-down conversion rate, worst third down rate allowed on defense, I can go on)

The '95 Browns were plain bad, and those were the real Belichick Browns, not the 11-5 '94 Browns. The teams they beat in 1994 were 7-9 on-average, and the teams they lost to were 10-6 on-average. The 1994 team wasn't good, it was mediocre and got an inflated record courtesy of getting four games against the Bengals and Oilers, two teams who won a combined five games and drafted #1 and #3. (It would've been #1 and #2 if not for the expansion Jaguars)

Pretending that the team would've followed the exact same trajectory, just a little further northwest, if they had never left Cleveland, is nonsensical. Maybe Marchibroda goes to Cleveland, but given the part his old Baltimore connection played in the fit, I doubt that. Billick probably wouldn't have, given he was their top choice in 1999 and he turned them down. It's not like he was snubbing them to join a powerhouse either, we were 6-10 in 1998. He specifically didn't want to be in Cleveland, and that 2000 team doesn't happen without Billick. Sure you have Ozzie, but that team can be as talented as you want it and it doesn't matter a bit if you have a bad coach.

The ""stolen glory"" narrative is BS cooked up by people who, without football for three years, had nothing to distract themselves from the depressing reality that is living in Cleveland. Let them have it, they're not worth the effort of convincing otherwise."
"Week 1 is going to such a fucking good game. See ya there, Ratbirds."
"We need the pic of Art holding the Lombardi in here as well, maybe on gameday?"
Wow this is mean
"Art totally fucked them over but who cares fuck cleveland, its funnier that way"
Good to see Ravens fans are classy as always.
For a team that went 14-2 last year you guys sure do think about the browns a lot
Fuck Art Modell
""
[removed]
""
"Ah shit, here we go again"
""
LETS FUCKING GO FUCK THE BROWNS
I really want to see what the shiny new D looks like against chubb.
But...but I have Chubb in fantasy...
See ya there :)
""
"At some point, this isn't just a meme anymore. This is honestly pretty hilarious."
Is it even a meme if it's 100% accurate at this point
Fuckin LOL
"Wow. Good luck to the rest of the AFC East, you’re gonna need it."
The New York Ravens
Who woulda guessed lol
Humble brag to when I [almost predicted this when he was released](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/in6m29/dont_cry_because_its_over_smile_because_it/g466js8?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
Of course he does 🤣
This is getting a little weird tbh.
Of course. Lol
It’s like a meme inside a meme
Of course he ends up with the Jets. Was there ever any doubt?
It's only right
"Honestly, I'm thinking the Jets personnel must be terrible if our cast offs are getting practice spots and playing time. Who's scouting over there and why haven't they be fired?"
""
I still get PTSD flashbacks to the London Jags game.
"Building on a great 2019 season the Ravens can almost sweep the AFC with a chance to have a win against all but the Chargers. They will also have an opportunity to save an abysmal 2016 season that resulted in 3 losses to NFC East teams. A potential 2020 record of 26-5 is amongst the best in the league.

[Here’s a link to the original post on /r/NFL
](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/iq36vw/ocwho_beat_whom_i_found_the_winner_of_the_latest/?)"
"2019 record: 20-11 

Wut?"
Can’t believe the “Football Team” beat us last time.
"Kings of the AFC, alot of the rest is just because we haven't played them in a while"
""
Ravens North.
JFC it's really absurd how many ex Ravens they have.  The New York Sloppy Seconds.
"Knowing how bad their WR group is, he can probably be a starter up there."
And so the cycle is complete.
Of course the Jets signed him
Of course lol
They’ve got jaleel Scott😔
Hold onto something and brace yourselves. The League’s fucked tbh.
[deleted]
"> proj 22.6

Lamar literally didn’t hit below 25 all last year, but whatever."
How did you not get Ingram?
Only other time I’ve seen someone do this they ended up 0-13 but best of luck to you.
Trade for Ingram? Also someone in my league did this last year and it wasn't the worst.
"It is bold to be playing Pollard when the Cowboys are probably going to be throwing the ball  with all those wideouts and with Zeke taking goaline snaps, but I guess he could help in a PPR league"
What’s the bench look like though
"I do this every season, I like to see how the team does each week"
"It’s my first time doing an NFL draft and drafted 4 or 5 Ravens players. People in my league said I was dumb but idc, can’t imagine drafting other players over them"
I love you
"You maniac lol, please post results"
Bold move
You will be lucky to win a game
Thanks for sharing your shitty fantasy team with us
""
""
"Breeshad Permian is their 1k receiver, just watch."
Had no idea he played here in iowa at all. Wow.
""
At this point the jets are basically just that knock-off toy you get at the dollar store
Gonna be weird seeing Lamar in a green jersey 10 years from now.
"So...you played on the Ravens, huh?


You're in!"
"mom can we get the ravens?

we have the ravens at home

......"
" Ahhhh yes, the New Yorkimore Jetvens. Where ex-Ravens go  to be able to spend their Jan-Feb at home with their families."
Ravens North
The jets are loading up on old ravens
lol was it bart scott who started this giant migration to the north?
Why does my most hated team pick up all the players of my favorite team? And they always take my favorite players too.
Remember when Phil Savage was running the show in Cleveland and he took all our castoffs?
Smh
Pretty sure they signed him because another receiver got indicted lol
[deleted]
I want in if you have spots open.
"Yeah, I'll be down! I get off work at 7pm, so I might be a bit late for the draft, but that's what autodraft is for, right haha"
For sure.
"View in your timezone:  
[tonight at 730pm EDT][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20200910T2330?tl=Last%20Minute%20NFL.com%20Fantasy%20League%3F


^(_*Assumed EDT instead of EST because DST is observed_)"
"Whats your go-to gameday meal or recipe? Takeout works too.


Ill start..."
Crab Pretzel from silver spring mining company and wings from CR Wings...both found in Bel Air.
"Depends on my mood. I'll grill or smoke wings, make a pizza, or order a giant plate of nachos from a local place. When I'm back in MD visiting my parents, we'll usually treat ourselves to some Jimmy's seafood."
"Old Bay wings, cheddar and bacon tater skins, chilled shrimp, mini Italian subs, Veggie tray, chips, purple M&M's and purple cupcakes with the Ravens bird head fondant on the menu for Sunday."
"My go to is pepperoni dip: 

2 blocks of cream cheese, a shit ton of pepperonis cut into quarters, 1 can of cream of mushroom, and sprinkle heavily with shredded cheese. throw that bitch in the over @ tree fiddy until cheese melts"
My menu varies from week to week but I’m making chili this Sunday!
Wendy’s Chile
"Just moved to NY, how would I stream the Ravens games? The coverage map shows I get Jets vs Bills (kill me)"
I live in CT and I use NFLbites.com. Use the Buffstreams link
NFLbite.com
""
Outstanding!
"Lol my first thought when the story hit was ""Well Marlon shit on him all last season so it makes sense"""
""
sheesh
*Cleveland has left the chat
Cringe
"Fuck the Browns, all my homies HATE the browns."
I hate everything about this
Lmfao bars
""
This is how Lamar practiced social distancing
It’s funny cus he hurdled jaire Alexander
I remember 2 years ago when Checkdown was Joe Flacco’s logo
The new Jordan’s?
I want to like it but the towel makes it look like he has 3 legs
LAM*R
I low key thought this was a L.A. Rams picture in my dyslexic brain
this is an awful logo
""
Damn you are obsessed with him Jesus Christ how long you been watching him and you supposable hate him
""
"Louisville fan who is now a closet Ravens fan. Just popping in to say they offered him a spot in these ads when he first left school/went pro but he declined to focus on football. 


which is neat.


also go Ravens unless you play my team in the Super Bowl.


(edit: dear god the upvote icon is a can of Old Bay, i love this place)"
They did Kyler so dirty in this! Lmao
Ingram always steals the show.  Can't wait for his future broadcasting career.
Got a good chuckle out of that. Love when they bring all the star power together. I just wish it had RG3!
It took me a lot longer than I would like to admit to figure out that was Tebow I’m the beard lol
“What the...heck happened here??”
"I'm surprised by the lack of commercials and sponsorshipa he's done. This is the first one I've seen. Dudes missing out on some $$$.

Also fuck ""If we make him throw we win"" Baker Mayfield."
Is this Lamar's first commercial?
Baker getting his snack on. Gotta cultivate mass.
That beard is awesome
Not bad for a running back
It took me a second to realize that it was Tebow who opened the door
"I thought a lot of commercials with NFL players were pretty cringe or lame (ex: any commercial with Baker)

But I’ve been Lamar in the commercials and I can’t help but smile. He really proved all them haters wrong and"
Ugh Baker 🤡
""
Hensley's twitter game has been improving I'm happy for him
Hensley gets a lot of flack but some of his tweets are pretty funny ngl
"“If it’s not good enough for the Ravens it’s good enough for us”

       -Probably the Jets"
All your Ravens are belong to us.
Not sure that’s really working out well for the Jets.
ravens lite
[deleted]
""
Hope we do purple pants like the Sehawks game last year. Love that combo. Black pants are good too. I'm not a fan of our white on white look though.
Typically the Ravens go with white for the home opener
"Do the Ravens typically announce all their jerseys for the entire season? As a Browns fan (good luck this season, btw, totally here in jersey related peace) I am happy we have our old / new unis back for this season and want to see us wear brown as often as possible. I was looking on twitter at the Ravens account and didn’t spot anything announcing they were wearing white.

Edit:

For the record as outsider, the Ravens best combo is white over black or purple"
""
"
.@MrJoshCharles’ cutout is a permanent @Ravens crowd member! Check out his Twitter photo for proof! \#FallonTonight 

***

posted by [@FallonTonight](https://twitter.com/FallonTonight)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1303896462699515905/vid/1280x720/KRckedk8F9RHfti-.mp4?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
He’s hilarious. I still remember his Orioles hat in Don’t Tell Mom the Babysitter’s Dead.. Repping Baltimore sports since the beginning.
[deleted]
Lot of talk coming from a dude named Sheldon.
Not Bad for a Running Back Part II: The Cleveland Steamer
And Sheldon Richardson will do what he does best and that's not stopping the run.
And I expect the Browns to do what they do best. Go 5-11 with terrible to average QB play and another HC next season
aight bet.
"I want it to be like the Dolphins game where he barely runs just to prove a point. ""Oh, you think all we can do is run? Watch this."""
Who?
"Pretty hilarious given that The Packers were more of a running team last year than they've been in decades.

Edit: Sheldon Richard? Seriously?"
"Full context makes this sound a lot better. He’s basically saying in response to “how do you guys prepare for a new offense without preseason tape” that the Ravens are not all of a sudden going to become a pass-first offense. Of course he shouldn’t have left room for any misinterpretation since players love this bulletin board stuff, but still thought that was noteworthy before we all start hating Richardson."
This the Sheldon Richardson who thought he was getting a 100M contract after some mediocre years with the Jets?
How is he talking dudes been on like 3 different teams the past 3 years
My prediction is he stomps em worse than the dolphins
If putting up 5TDs every week 1 game is a Lamar Jackson trend id be so hyped
"Browns fan here in peace. Fuck Mary Kay, this is taken so out of context.

He’s talking about how even without preseason tapes he doesn’t expect ye to change everything up, and continue to be a mainly run offence."
[deleted]
Get Sam Koch's gig
I stream through nflbite and most of the time its ok to good.
"I used firstrowsports last year, it's not great, but better than missing the games"
"If you have some extra change (a lot of it), I can’t recommend NFL Sunday Ticket enough. You can switch between every game, excluding those in your TV market. It’s perfect for the ultimate NFL fan, but expensive."
Searching this sub for the 800 other times somebody has asked this would be a good start
"Get a fire stick, download Kodi, and watch with a vpn"
the yahoo sports app lets you watch for free live
Sunday Ticket on Prime Video
""
 How do i get one of these ?
""
Ah yes the notorious I M G U R
And yet they’re more cocky then we are
""
If this gets 🅱️eleeted mods are Steeler fans
"I 🅱️on't understand, 🅱️ut I 🅱️upvoted this 🅱️iece of art"
Unironically not deep fried enough. Please cook more OP!
""
"Oh fuck now I'm balling, what a video."
"Ok, I'm close...."
"*”Down goes Rothlesberger”* 
Such music to my ears 

Also what font do we use in videos and promotional art like this? It’s fucking dope"
"Hype game back on point!!

Fuck I'm getting goosebumps!"
Nice
"Cool video and def gets me pumped. Liked how they showed many clips of past ravens plays and players. Really surprised nothing with flacco though considering he in franchise leader in practically all qb stats and had that ridiculously magical run in 2012.

Regardless, so pumped for gameday!"
These videos are corny af and dumb as hell
""
Isn’t this the dude from 98 rock? Sounds like him
[removed]
"Strength of the flock is the Strength of the Raven, we got you fam"
see ya sunday at 1:00
<3
"Had that last season mate, fell into a dark place right before the season started.  And people say sport is just entertainment hahaha"
You’ve always got brothers and sisters in the flock my friend!
""
"Fire stick, Kodi, and a vpn"
NFLbite .com or bilasport .com
You can get red zone through some apps like YouTube tv or fubo.
Get a VPN and make a NFL game pass account pay like $65 a month unfortunately shit is kinda pricy but if you wanna catch every single game live definitely worth it. VPN only like $10 a month. Just log into your account turn the VPN on to China or something and bam you can watch every game u want
If you're in a market covered by Locast that's an option too
I’d rather talk with you guys rather than those idiots on r/nfl
QBs seems so slow when they run compared to Lamar!
Wife picked Mahomes in the second round for her fantasy team. She’s keeps calling him her Mahomie.
I just wanna see JK Dobbin on the field
Is it wrong for me to find it in poor taste how the announcers keep talking about how $$$$ Mahomes and Watson signed their deals for? Idk. Especially when people are struggling
"So we want the Texans to win, right?"
Lamar has ruined mobile QBs for me. Watson is pretty mobile but he looks like Tom Brady out there compared to our guy
I’m banned from there anyways lol
Chiefs are a problem
It's weird to think about how the Ravens are gonna be playing both of these teams in the next 3 weeks
Chiefs defense isn’t elite. But you have to keep up with Mahomes. Week 3 is going to be a good game.
Starting the fuck the chiefs early because I know in a couple years we are going to hate them like Pittsburgh and New England
blew my hammie today in sacrifice for our squad
Why do the announcers have too keep reminding me how rich Watson and Mahomes are and how poor I am??
It's good to hear Kelechi's name with some praise
Oh man. I like the vibe in here much better!
Now that they've signed Watson to a big deal they should probably consider giving him an offensive line
This game is honestly a snooze fest anyone else think last years was more entertaining?
Those were two clean cuts
Football is back bb
Yikes CEH looks GOOD
Rockets getting blown out by the lakers and Texans will probably lose tonight too. SAD TIMES TO B A HUSTON SPORTS FAN 🤣
"Really happy that it feels like just a normal game so far, was worried about how different it would be to watch without all the fans"
Chiefs are going down the field as they wish
Sammy watkins on my bench in a ppr league. Rip
Mahomes could of easily had a few picks tonight
"Man, that was pretty ugly drive."
Next week the ravens are gonna run for 250 on this Texans rush d
"I don’t think we learned anything new about either teams, I mean KC looking like they are already ready for the playoffs while the Texans, with the exception of Deshaun, believe they are still at training camp."
The fans are booing lmao
We’re good against the Texans next week. This is what happens when fuller is also your best possession WR
"Texans look like a preseason team, KC looking like a week 5 team. Let's see our boys kill it this weekend!"
The Texans oline is hot garbage. They gave up on the play the second they lost position which was practically on every play.
"This offense is still scary af, *especially* since they now have a run game"
Fanduel and draftking special wagers bout to go crazy
"I think it’ll be KC 38 HOU 17

Who you guys got?"
[removed]
So what's the biggest comeback in opening night history and can the Texans come back tonight?
We're gonna run all over them next week lol
Fuckin glad I took Watson as my QB.
Too many Mahomes commercials
The Chiefs really Milton Berle'd that game.
"I thought I saw some bad officiating on that TD drive.  A hold that should have been called.  A chop block.    But frankly, I have no idea what the rules are anymore NFL has changed so many times."
Mahomes threw several terrible pick-worthy passes but was bailed out by stupid defensive penalties and dropped interceptions. Not impressed. I honestly think if you swapped him and deshaun and put Deshaun on the chiefs he would be talked about like Mahomes.
Chiefs are for real damn
Watson sucks
I think we’re gonna buttfuck the texans.
"Chiefs beyond CB1 are looking pretty abysmal I think it’s going to be a shootout, and will likely be pretty close.  Still though the Chiefs are winning."
[removed]
"I’m assuming this is the Anthony Weaver that played for us? If so, that’s a name I haven’t heard in a while!"
"It is! 

Sidenote: Kelechi Osemele is killing it this game. Miss that guy"
"According to wikipedia, he is that same person 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Weaver"
He’s doing a great job Texans relying more on there linebackers and being heavier on zones has really worked wonders for this pass coverage unit.  It’s smart because they have great linebackers while having garbage cornerbacks.
"Yes it is, and he's done a solid job so far despite the score."
""
Memories of that game still hurt. Too soon.
Im watching this chiefs game wondering what the team would have been if they kept KO
This game got me the most drunk I’ve ever been. I was at the bar from 1pm to 2am.
"Honestly that loss to New England is still the most heartbreaking to me of any of our playoff disappointments or near misses. Our 2014 offense was arguably the best of the Flacco era, and to go up by 14 points twice on the Pats in New England and then lose was just devastating, especially with the trickery and smugness of Pats fans with the ineligible receiver chicanery."
That game against the Patriots is one of the only Ravens game that I can’t bring myself to watch highlights for even 6+ years later :(
Literal practice squad player Rashan Melvin getting smoked by Edelman still haunts me
Love me some Jimmy
I will die on the hill that 2014 should have been a Packers v. Ravens Super Bowl.
I’ll never forget
Illegal substitutions
""
"I dont think I'll ever not cheer for the dolphins but it's just been so painful to watch, been cheering for them with my dad since I got into football and we've always sucked. It's starting to hurt my love for the sport so I need a change. I've always thought your jerseys are cool and purple and black is dope, you guys are always pretty good and guys like lewis, McNair and now Lamar are just really fun players to watch. I dont really have any reason not to like you guys so I'm hoping to come on in and watch miami from a distance. Anything outside of the obvious I should know getting in? I know ketchup because Heinz field but what is the upvote supposed to be? What teams do we clown on like the browns and bengals, also what players to hate and stuff."
Ray and Ed came from The U. Welcome.
Old Bay my friend. Put it on EVERYTHING
"Upvote is old bay. It’s a seasoning which is famous here in Maryland. It’s most famous for going on crabs but we put it on a bunch of other stuff....fries, corn, veggies etc

Our main rival is the (Fuck the)Steelers. Since about the early/mid 2000s it’s been one of the best rivalries in sports let alone football. Both us and them were known as super physical defensive teams. We always had knock em out slugfest styles games with them. The intensity on the field has died down some with a lot of the key pieces in the rivalry retiring and both teams shifting philosophies. It’s definitely a respectful hate. We hate them down to our cores, but we also respect them. 

Browns rivalry is more of a fan rivalry. They hate us because we took the team they couldn’t succeed with and turned it into one of the best organizations in sports. Meanwhile, they got another team and immediately drove that team straight into the ground. Their fans talk a lot especially for having almost no success. They are most notably known for being back to back off-season champs. 

Bengals are kind of just there. They were a nuisance back when they had Carson Palmer, Ocho, and TJ whoseyourmamma, but most Ravens fans held no ill will toward them outside of Burifect (fuck that guy). Marvin Lewis their long time HC was the DC on our 2000 super bowl team. Most of us really liked him.

Patriots are our biggest non division rival. We always seemed to play them well. We’ve knocked them off in the playoffs a bunch of times. I’m sure you can appreciate that. They don’t like us, we don’t like them. 

I’d say just watch our games and let the player hate come naturally. There used to be a ton of Steelers players we hated like Joey Porter, Hines Ward, James Harrison, and Plexico Burress. Once you start getting I to the teams you’ll just naturally start disliking certain people. 

Other fun facts....hmmm we have one of the last and the oldest NFL marching bands. They used to play for the colts before they left. There’s a pretty interesting 30/30 on them. We’re named after Edgar Allen Poe’s poem “The Raven” who lived and died in Baltimore. Poe is also the name of our mascot. Fans still do the [seven nation army](https://youtu.be/CGRThLyuN1U). We’re responsible for one of the loudest [“manure” chants](https://youtu.be/AkYheL5dULY) as Al Michaels stated. We scream “O” during the last line of the national anthem (which was written in Baltimore). 

Lastly if you’re going to be hanging around our sub, here are some things you will need to know.

-Llama=Lamar Jackson
-Marvin= Marlon Humphrey
-Dragon/Elite Dragon=Joe Flacco
-You will at some point get bucked and/or Jk’d 
-We just lost our sweet prince to the Jets. We’re still in mourning
-EDC=Eric DeCosta
     -It is know that EDC has a giant dong that may or
may not have magical trade powers. 

Otherwise just hangout here and shoot the shit with us. You’ll catch on quick."
"Aye man anyone is welcome as long as they don't go around giving the organization and the fanbase a bad name. Hop on and strap in, cause this season gonna be wild"
"Come on down man! Miami has brought up many players for us, like Ray, Reed, both Lamar and Hollywood from Miami."
"Lewis. Reed. McGahee. The U has been pretty much the reservoir for our greatest players. 

That's not to mention that Lamar and Hollywood are from the Miami area!

Welcome, friend"
"Fill in the blank:  

Fuck the ________"
Welcome to the flock! Glad to have another amongst us :)
"Dolphins are on the up... just stay with them. They'll be solid within the next two years, and remaining loyal to your team feels better than falling off a bandwagon."
all aboard choooo choooo
Honestly this time it seems the front office is doing things the way they should. I’m hard on all of the AFCe teams but I will admit that having your ass kicked 2 times a year by the greatest dynasty in the history of sports is probably not conducive to making non-reactionary front office decisions. I really like Brian Flores and the draft/trade strategy these last 2 years. Don’t give up hope. The big bad wolf is finally gone for you guys and the rest of the division is still as weak as ever.
Look I'm not the biggest hater of Chiefs. But I seriouslyl did not expect that.
"My son's reaction to it: ""It's Missouri, what did you expect?""

Midwest rednecks are the absolute worst."
"It was never about the flag, this is a group of people who think it’s a good idea to go to a sporting event during a pandemic, and the game was played in Missouri.

It’s disappointing, but not surprising sadly."
They should've left the field after that.
Ravens fans did the same thing when the Ravens had a moment of silence/prayer before the national anthem for the 2017 Raiders game
What do you expect from a fan base still doing that racist ass tomahawk chop bs.
"I wasn't sure what to make of any of that.

They said they were going to do something as a sign of unity and all they did was link arms.  Then *some * boos.
I am not sure what was going on. Either way I saw no reason to boo unless it was about social distancing."
It’s Kansas what would you expect?
[removed]
"Outside of the reddit bubble, this is how most people feel."
Dissing the country and flag will kill off their fan base.  Their not the sharpest knifes in the drawer.  Bye bye nfl...
""
"i loved flacco, loved tyrod, turbo love lamar.


do you think the people that wanted to bench flacco for tyrod for like 4 years had their dicks explode when flacco was benched (I know it started due to injury but he recovered and didn't play) for MFing Lamar Jackson"
got my LJ jersey on and i’m ready to GO!!!
White jerseys right?  Gonna dust off my 52 for Sunday it seems.
Jerseys were so ugly with the black collar and fly wire damn
Tyrod!!
What if you live in Australia
""
Those workouts with Hollywood and AB have really paid off.
Thick. Tight.
Swellmaculate
"Exercise is hard? Lamar looks like a god, and he doesn’t even train full time (He owns his own clothing brand and has a partial stake in 3 of Steve Bisciotti’s chicken tender restaurants). Anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope smokin pussy licker.

He slaps skin with beautiful women so often that he can just use that as cardio to save time. He has between 1-3 girlfriends at any given time, and he powerfucks them all like a gorilla. In fact, the sex gets so intense in his mansion that he keeps a massage therapist on call to help him recover postfuck. He does more mobility work after sex than he does before/after he trains."
""
""
"I don't like how those ""Oh""s are emphasized."
Lamar Jackson
Purple Friday was the most annoying thing back in the day in elementary school. You couldn’t escape it
This looks like something my boomer uncle would share on his Facebook page
"[https://twitter.com/FieldYates/status/1304394079988576257](https://twitter.com/FieldYates/status/1304394079988576257)

Gotta wonder if we coulda signed Clowney outright if we had done this last week

Truzz EDC though, probably just preparing some mid-season moves"
"Well we do have a fifth round pick just collecting dust... 

Trade for Aaron Donald confirmed"
Would love an extension with Ronnie or Marlon but it could be just cap space for the season because of injuries and bigger practice squads. Sorry for being a pessimist
So we got big baby in town for this season and next season? But after that i assume we probably have to left him go
"So with all these two year deals, this is def the window for the vets SB rings. I don’t think guys like Jimmy, MP, and BWill will be back after their contracts expire and we got hella people to re-sign. Our team can still be really exciting in two years with so many young studs. Our future looks really stable even with a big deal for Lamar. EDC has really impressed me with how he’s handled the cap situation."
A bet a move is coming
""
Been riding since the Boller days.
"Credit to u/shittersfull244 for posting this 296 days ago, still true, always be true! belee dat"
"Ravens are going to be amazing this year.

And if the aren't? Then they will be better next year.

They will be even better next year either way."
"Unfortunately for me I decided to join the Ravens fan-club starting in the 2012 playoffs, haven't left since so there is that."
"I only started watching football last year with no knowledge about it. I only picked the ravens because I have a fat black cat named raven. I got extremely lucky, but I’ve been having a blast watching games all through the flacco era.

Edit: forgot to include, fuck the Steelers!"
Hey let’s all name old ravens players to prove who’s been a ravens fan the longest /s
"Yeah, should've closed the doors to the bandwagon before the 2019 season"
"Casual Canadian Ravens fan here. I became a fan during the 2013 Superbowl, because I was at a bar and won a Ravens jersey in a touchdown dance celebration contest. I did a backflip, and broke my toe in the process to get that Willis McGahee jersey. Broke a toe for the flock. For Willis."
"Wtf this is almost a year ago, 2020 has blown by"
Maryland born and raised and it used to piss me off to no end when I was in elementary school in the early 2000s when kids would be walking around with patriots jerseys! In Maryland !!! And now they all claim to be “die hard ravens fans” again 🤦‍♂️
Been riding since 2011 been there for the highest of days and lowest of lows
"Tbh my cousin got interested in NFL like in August of 2019. I was more like of NBA/Soccer kind of guy (I live in Poland and here nobody has any clue about NFL) so I didn’t really care that much about it. But my cousin wanted me to pick a team that I would consider the favourite of mine so I just looked at all the teams and picked the one with the coolest logo. Then I watched the Dolphins game cause I was bored and I was like ""holy shit these Ravens are actually really good"" and that got me to love NFL. Watching that Miami game was one of the best decisions of my life cause now NFL is like my favourite thing ever. And I'm so glad that I chose the Ravens cause they have so great history and they're the best organisation in the league by far. And also, fuck the Steelers."
"Was a Packers fan as a kid. My Dad converted me during the 97 season. There's been ups and downs, lots of yelling at the TV, lot of hear breaking moments. Wouldn't give any of it back.

Ravens are my light at the end of the 2020 tunnel. Let's get it boys!"
Been a fan since I was born- as a little kid I’d always rewatch the vhs tape of the 2000 super bowl run. Just magical
Feed. The. Snead.
Was amazing with Ray-Ray & J.O. back in the beginning & how fast we got so good with a (hate to say) Bill Bellicheck & Ozzie Newsome built team. Thanx Believe-land for the team and the first championship! However #2 in less then 20 years was all Bmore fellas. Time to get over it‼️
"Been a fan since the playoff run that led to the 2000 super bowl. I was 8, I have no prior memories of football."
If you weren’t a fan during the 5-11 2015 season you aren’t a true true fan
My AIM name was RavensFanTim. If that tells you anything. Always loved my ravens!
"I remember when they were moving to town, my dad was so upset because he remembered losing the Colts the same way. But when Cleveland was announced that they got to keep all the history and were going to get an expansion team all of that angst went away. Embraced them from then on"
"Yeah, I like it when the Ravens are the underdog!"
I remember my first time watching football as a kid seeing the Ravens win the super bowl 43 and bruh that day was so Magical
I became a fan in 2004 when I was born
Facts
We’ll see who the true fans really are when times get tough (hopefully not soon)
Lamar is definitely my favorite to watch in the game. Been rooting for his since his draft interview. See you guys in the AFC championship game
"I remember having a big argument with my buddy in summer 2019. He was convinced Lamar would be a total dud and I was indignant -  arguing for his speed, work ethic and the raw skills he displayed in college. Never in a million years did I expect the season we got, but oh boy was the vindication sweet"
""
This is something 11 year old me would've put on the front of his trapper keeper.
😬
"Now post the little stick figure peeing on the steelers logo 


And some truck nuts"
""
"Artie was such a great dude.  A middle school classmate of mine was his grandson and I got to meet him before I knew anything about him.  So kind, so humble, and made hilarious comments perfect for a MS classroom audience."
What a delightfully absurd show this was
And Steve Buscemi!
"The Athletic did a ranking on each NFL team's future outlook based on QB, coaching, front office, personnel, etc. Ravens beat out the Chiefs for the #1 spot (mainly due to Lamar still being on a rookie contract).   

It's good to be a Ravens fan. 

[https://theathletic.com/2054541/2020/09/10/future-power-rankings-the-long-range-outlooks-for-all-32-nfl-teams/](https://theathletic.com/2054541/2020/09/10/future-power-rankings-the-long-range-outlooks-for-all-32-nfl-teams/)"
"What's your greatest memory of number 20?

and/or any other off topic rants you got."
Whole 2010 season. Was injured/didn't play the first half of the season and still ended up leading the league in ints.
Favorite Memory https://imgur.com/qqmJMKU
"Interception in his SB year.

offenses were terrified of Ed, and this encapsulates why: https://youtu.be/Dt830pywXQk"
[My favorite Ed Reed moment](https://www.instagram.com/p/BmokMk6g12y/)
FIND 20 ON EVERY PLAY
"All time favorite player. Most exciting player I've ever seen. Truly an offensive player playing defense. Love ya eddy.

Hard to pick one Ed moment, but a cool, rather obscure, one was were he picked Manning off twice in a 6 play span in the playoffs. First int he fumbled from garcon punching it out. Second int was called back from a Corey Ivy penalty away from the play."
The greatest safety ever. Fuck with me.
"Ravens vs Dolphins Wildcard 2008.

Fresh into football, no idea who the Ravens were and then Reed took it to the house. My favorite player ever since. I'm kinda war I missed his best years. But that made me also miss Boller, so I can't be too mad about it."
The media overestimating Pittsburgh will be funny when they're exposed by November lmao.
"Led the league in interceptions, while only playing 8 games that season (injury)."
Happy birthday 🐐
""
"This is like that ""wheels on a shopping cart"" meme."
He doesn’t look rapey at all.
Big Ben lookin like Tom hanks from castaway
5 hiesman trophy winners in the division
3 quarterbacks and ps2 hagrid
Can you believe he’s paid $35 million a year? What a waste
Nextbeard takes on the NFL
3 Heismans and a rapist.
I wonder how Big Ben will fair after stopping most of his arm workouts.
"Looks like Gimli. 

https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/lotr/images/5/57/Gimli_at_the_siege_of_moria.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20070726164348"
He looks like a farmer
tbf he got rings tho
is that Randy Quaid??
Why not use Lamar posing with his MVP award?
"Captain Fatfuck, leader of men"
The dude has always looked like a cabbage patch rapist to me. Possibly an OG garbage pail kid...
What are they going showing the only qb with Super Bowls rings?
"With Ward's hand fracture and Breeland's 4-game suspension, the Chiefs will have to play without their starting CBs in week 3. 

What is the chance of having multiple WR sets that week? Maybe a Brown-Snead-Duvernay?"
"It definitely doesn't hurt, but we need to go in ready to POUND the rock like we did in 2018. We really almost had them in 2018 when we played a physical, smash mouth, ball control style.

Last year, we tried to play hyper aggressive and pass too much. It's great as long as you keep scoring, but if you falter at any point, the Chiefs will hit you back.

Their run defense looked pathetic last night against the Texans. I say we go in ready to run 40 times and just blast them in the dick

If we get them back on their heels and bringing heavier packages, then having backup CBs should make it easier to punish them with play action though"
It won’t change the gameplan too much. We will continue to do what we do best. The titans game shows that. Don’t stray from what works. We may find find by week 3 we are having more success stretching the field than pounding the rock. Lean on what’s working
Hopefully we put up 1000 yards on them im really sick of losing to that team
"After watching last night and the amount of weapons they have available, I'm going to say Baltimore is going to have to use all of them"
I mean we will definitely attack that on defense but their pass rush is good and I'm more worried about stopping them from scoring verses how we can score.
Actually ward will probably play with a cast on. He’s probably going to play next week too
Ward may end up playing with a cast.
The Chiefs four losses last year came when the opposing team had time of possession of 40+ minutes. It’s going to be about keeping Pat and Co. off of the field.
"> What is the chance of having multiple WR sets that week? 

We did this quite a bit last year. Don't see any reason we wouldn't this season."
"I mean the scary thing about the Chiefs is that they weren’t playing at their highest level, and still scored over 30. Like they were playing with their food."
""
Tyre is practicing today so we’ll hear how he does
"damn :(

Fluker has apparently looked good though, so he'll be fine for Sunday

And if Tyre won the job over Fluker, we might really have something there"
"That was yesterday, today’s report comes at 1 PM so hopefully he comes back. If not, Fluker should be good"
"https://twitter.com/BaltimoreLuke/status/1304448404941135875?s=20

Back at practice today"
Tyre was doing that well?
"Man, I'm excited for the OL this season. We have Tyre and DJ who both seem like they've had a great camp. Hopefully we have some amazing depth this year, we can keep guys fresh throughout the year."
"If I use a Maryland VPN, I should be able to view the game from out of state, somewhere, right? I have YoutubeTV, which includes CBS, so if I get on that with my vpn it should work correct?"
makes sense to me. You could also test this pretty easily by seeing if you get Maryland CBS news
With YouTube just set your zip code to a Maryland zip code. I did this to watch the Miami game while on vacation last year
[removed]
"use residential vpn ip will help you unblock any streaming content(netflix,hbo,hulu,disney). try [widevpn](https://widevpn.com) , support wireguard $9.99/yearly"
"We have a lot of new fans joining the flock and it would be nice if we had an updated wiki for them to digest the history of the team. I’m not talking a Wikipedia history. I’m talking fan history. who are the idolized players of the franchise? why do we chant seven nation army? what are the most important games in franchise history? why are we always saying “fuck the Steelers?” This is the stuff that brings us together and we should share it for any new fan coming in. Include links to articles and YouTube videos so they can see the emotions in the players and fans. 

What you guys think?"
"Your account is a little too new but almost anyone who has been here can update the wiki.

However if you have a blob of text you'd like to contribute I'd be happy to add it for you"
Probably need to add Truzz in there somewhere bare minimum
""
Id be pretty surprised if anywhere is gonna do something like that unless they can have something outside. City hasnt really eased up on restrictions much since they started
Pre-Covid MilkBoy on South Street turns into a Ravens bar on GameDay. I recently discovered this last year and it's a great turnout. I have no idea how it's going to be this year but maybe with the newly changed dining in rules you'll see people showing up.
[deleted]
""
Thanks twitter bot
"> CB Kevin Johnson (liver) 

Jesus this dude really lacerated his liver in training camp"
"> **CB Kevin Johnson (liver)** 

I'm gonna have a liver injury of my own on Sunday!"
Guess we're going to see that improved passing attack and revamped front 7 in full effect.
liver? Holy shit.
"\#Browns CB Greedy Williams (shoulder), CB Kevin Johnson (liver), LB Mack Wilson (knee) and OL Chris Hubbard (knee) have all been ruled out for Sunday's game vs. Baltimore. Starting center JC Tretter is questionable with a knee injury.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"“dude you guys beat us week 1 right after the covid shutdown when we didn’t even have our full team, talk to me at week 14 when it really counts” 

-a cleveland pooper fan"
"Good, fuck the Browns"
"\#Browns CB Greedy Williams (shoulder), CB Kevin Johnson (liver), LB Mack Wilson (knee) and OL Chris Hubbard (knee) have all been ruled out for Sunday's game vs. Baltimore. Starting center JC Tretter is questionable with a knee injury.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"\#Browns CB Greedy Williams (shoulder), CB Kevin Johnson (liver), LB Mack Wilson (knee) and OL Chris Hubbard (knee) have all been ruled out for Sunday's game vs. Baltimore. Starting center JC Tretter is questionable with a knee injury.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"\#Browns CB Greedy Williams (shoulder), CB Kevin Johnson (liver), LB Mack Wilson (knee) and OL Chris Hubbard (knee) have all been ruled out for Sunday's game vs. Baltimore. Starting center JC Tretter is questionable with a knee injury.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"\#Browns CB Greedy Williams (shoulder), CB Kevin Johnson (liver), LB Mack Wilson (knee) and OL Chris Hubbard (knee) have all been ruled out for Sunday's game vs. Baltimore. Starting center JC Tretter is questionable with a knee injury.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[deleted]
"He doesn't look that big when playing, but damn dude got them guns"
"It might be favorable lighting or he might just have a pump, but god damn you would not expect his upper body to look like that when you watch him play"
"It's crazy how much work Lamar puts in imo, he doesn't stop"
WHO gave lamar the permission to be that caked up on a Thursday?
"Sorry, I was distracted by Lamuscles. Did you say something?"
"He’s an elite athlete, holding something with some amount of weight causing his muscles to flex in great lighting. I don’t think he looks any different than usual tbh but that’s just me"
*2020: Stiff Arms A-Plenty*
That's my qb!
Makin me feel some typa way
Anyone know the name of the song? It’s tuff
"remember that picture of baker mayfield that browns fans insisted was the norm for nfl quarterbacks lol (which it probably is, but then again we don't have a normal quarterback)"
"""He's not built like Russ to take punishment.."""
Got them TRT shoulders
[deleted]
Bro in slow mo he looks like he is regular speed. Love that he give a pat on the back to all the defenders that he spins past lmao. Awesome job.
""
Just a caption
""
I hope he gets 0 offensive snaps all season
"Yeah, more rookies"
OH No!... Anyways
""
So nice to see. Win it for Mo!
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5\_qhr8GpJg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5_qhr8GpJg) \- We have the best organization in NFL. Damn i am proud to support this team. Now go win that Ring. Good luck Ravens.
How lucky are we to have known a fan like Mo?
The ravens should fill those seats with the TD balls this year and sign them at the end of the year for a charity auction to donate to Baltimore General
The MO in BALTIMORE in the end zone. 😭😭
Mo picked us to win the SB..lets do it
"Steelers fan here - y’all have such an amazing organization from top to bottom, this is really touching and an incredible gesture"
This year's superbowl push is for Mo.
"I'm not crying, you're crying"
So awesome❤️. I think the Ravens should wear a “Mo” patch on their jerseys as well
Is there a picture of the BaltiMOre logo?
That's awesome
"Goddamnman, Im blubbering like a baby. His poor mother. Rest easy, Mo. ❤️"
"Man I love this organization. 

Rest in Heaven Mo 💜🖤"
Best organization in all of sports 👍👍👍
r/mademesmile
"Our #1 fan forever. Love and miss you, buddy."
1/3?
"Visiting teams coning into town this season like ""Your clones are very impressive. You must be proud.""  
Love this so much!"
"I was at the game in October ‘19 where they had him there. He seemed like a nice guy who went too early. 

RIP"
""
massive week 1 development. will he sport a nice ravens mask or raw dog it?
""
Hilarious stat for the Browns. Weren't they blown out by the Titans with freaking Marcus Mariota last year?
"They also ruined my birthday in 04.... coming off 03, I had visions of shutting them out and Kyle Boller going off. Deion was talking shit snd I was ready... then Jeff Garcia happened... I vowed to never take browns lightly again"
"To make this comparison even more fun, in those last 4 season openers we've outscored our opponents 139 - 20

Even if you remove last year's blowout it's still crazy: 80 - 10"
"I don’t like betting on the Ravens, buuuuuuut..."
Lot of pressure in those stats
""
"Annnnnd saved.
Thankee"
""
"Moore and Hill are no problem

Would be cool to see Madubuike play though, and the DL depth would be helpful against the browns RBs

Luckily I don't think any of these injuries are long-term"
When do we know who the Ravens brought up from the PS?
What happened to Hill?
Thankfully this list is small thanks to no preseason games.
Proche maybe getting some more offensive snaps?
[deleted]
Juice
"after drinking so much Juice, theyre gonna be going #1 a lot"
"Guys take we need to take it easy on OBJ, I’m sure he’s been down in the “dumps” lately"
Cj Mosley is Bakers favorite target
Landry. But the Obj play action will be dangerous
No one got this joke lol
Me
"Memes aside, I think people are sleeping on Austin Hooper big time."
Jarvis Landry or Austin Hopper
""
This organization is amazing.
Beautiful
"Awesome tribute! The video on the Ravens Youtube channel was so touching. That field looks amazing too! Great work to everyone involved!

This season's for Mo!"
I LOVE THIS TEAM!
I love this team so much man.
"Through all the bullshit in the world today, Im so glad the Ravens are doing right wherever they can."
"This is incredible, and god damn is that purple endzone sexy."
"The coloring of Mo, in Baltimore is a great touch."
"Im telling you right now, if one single Browns player takes a knee at the gold MO in the endzone, I dont know how i go on hating that team.

That would utterly shatter any thought of rivalry or hatred - I'd have to love them after that."
"I really hope they make this a permanent change to the endzones. Mo meant so much to so many people in this city, I think it'd be really touching to make it so he's a part of every Ravens touchdown from now on."
""
[deleted]
This is great.
Proud to be a Ravens fan. We miss you Mo 💜
"MFW we get that first TD and someone knees in front of the gold letters:

https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-zeaMBFf9gZQ/UOSwUrSlq8I/AAAAAAAAESc/5_k6Pso869o/s1600/old-man-crying.gif"
I love this team.  For Mo!
Skins fan & Orioles fan as well. Props to the Ravens for this...Harbaugh and Bisciotti are class acts. Pulling for y’all in the AFC.
Steelers fan here - The video damn near brought me to tears. We may be rivals on the field but honestly the Ravens are a classy organization and I'll always have mad respect for them!
I’m sorry I don’t know who is Mo
This is SO awesome.
I didn’t realize until today that he had passed. It sucks that such a bright light has been put out so soon. I loved watching him interact with Harbs.
Ravens are awesome. Great organization from top to bottom
"This is awesome, RIP Mo."
This is soo touching...Mo is very special. There's no Ravens family without him!!!
"I can see my seats in this pic, sigh."
"With greedy Williams out, terrace Mitchell, who runs a 4.6 and lacks length. Most likely will cover Boykin who has a significant size and speed advantage. This can truly be a chance for a boykin breakout game. I love Hollywood but hell most likely be shadowed by Ward, whose an excellent man corner and has the speed to keep up with him."
"I want us to play this game the way the chiefs did vs the Texans. No preseason and lack of practice time means a lot of pass protection stuff will be rusty, along with lots of other shit. I think we should try and keep it simple and play a power run game and ball control offense."
Didn’t  Lamar say he’s is going to be passing more this season and he really wants to focus on being a traditional QB? We all know what he’s going to do when he has to take off and I’m sure there will be 4-5 designed runs for him on Sunday. I’m not going to be totally surprised if we decide to throw 30+ times though. Browns might give us a fight to start the season.
Nobody has the speed to keep up with Hollywood 😤
"I think Boykin is gonna have a big year, relative to expectations. Hollywood is gonna be awesome this hear, and Boykin is gonna eat off of weaker coverage, generally."
"Put in a 3wr set with Hollywood, Devin Duv, and Boykin. And let Boykin cook...."
Sorry Boykin but I don't think the coaches are looking at Reddit. Just keep putting in the work and you'll get yours.
Our TEs are going to feast as is Snead. Slot and TEs are gonna hit thosw intermediate routes in between the #s. Their LB corn is suffering hardcore
Will anything this team does matter to you so long as we make the playoffs/stay healthy. Is this truly a season of “show me when it counts”? What’s a game everyone is circling on the schedule? Do we feel that this season is going to last long enough for the  playoffs to begin? Just wanted to get a temperature check on the sub before the game.
"Making playoffs of course is important, and of course as high a seed as possible since home field advantage is always nice. Even in a year without fans, not playing in KC with fans or playing somewhere with vastly different climate could help. 

But unsurprisingly I think the most important game is the Chiefs. Even if we lose others, I think we need to prove to ourselves and the rest of the league that we can beat the best. Being close doesn’t matter anymore, gotta finish. Even if it’s an ugly game that we win cuz of a last second field goal or stop, we need to walk out of there with a W to get the confidence for that postseason push"
What does making it to the playoffs to begin with mean?
"Any Given Sunday.

That being said, I earnestly feel that this team is the best set up Ravens team in history. The most dominant offense last season limped our defense into the playoffs only for them to give up the ghost. The Ravens have made serious improvements on the defense and built a future on the offense. Finally our schedule by DVOA is massively weaker than last year."
"16-0, said that shit last year and i was off by 2 games"
Division crown with 11-13 wins.
Win or lose (hopefully win) I just wanna see lamar jukin dudes out of there shoes.
"10-6. Wild Card playoff spot. Team will be good, but hard to replicate last year. AFC North will be very tough. All 3 other teams will be better than last year."
"Nothing gets me more hyped than seeing the ravens enter the field with the intros they get, and I’m site it’s the same for the players. They could just pre record the announcer and press play and televise it. I’m sure it won’t happen but it’s a dream."
"I’m a little confused by this, what entrances are you talking about exactly? If it’s just coming out of the tunnel, they almost always televise this live. I still have Ray Lewis’s last entrance at M&T Bank saved on my DVR"
"We've lost both Buck Allen, and Jaleel Scott, who's the next raven who's gonna step up and be the goat?"
The ghost of D’Anthony Thomas
How about we just not force anything and let it come naturally. Jaleel was some weak sauce.
Shitting on Chris Moore is always popular.
Bro you obviously have not been acquainted with Otaro Alaka
I feel like JK has the best meme potential
[removed]
Chuck Clark. Big brain.
It’s very clearly Geno Stone
Sack daddy Ferguson
The guy who won MVP last season? I expect him to drop bombs all over everyone. Lama for life!
"Hello r/Ravens,

Appologies for not releasing these sooner, I just didnt have the time to knock them out as fast as I would have liked this year. 

* Pacific: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/fQgqSHO.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/hLam4QU.png)
* Mountain: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/TUnFPzR.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/jAAFsq4.png)
* Central: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/OwidOeS.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/A6ZR9KM.png)
* Eastern: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/wYrPO5B.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/sE4ajkc.png)

As always, credit to /u/dbeat for the original work.

Enjoy!

*Note I: If you notice any errors, please let me know and I’ll try to correct them as soon as possible.

*Note II: If you are having trouble viewing these at full resolution on Mobile, you are most likely viewing through a Reddit app. I recommend either viewing this sub using a mobile web browser and from there clicking the links, or downloading the Imgur app to your device and opening the links in there. These wallpapers are 3414p x 2112p and view as such when reddit apps are not interfering with that."
We are so spoiled. Thank you!
Wow ..way fucking cool man
Awesome pics. Thanks for posting these!
Do you have an updated version for the new schedules?
[deleted]
Last year was three headed tight ends this year is for headed RBs
Making some tweaks and changes to this!! Will post the updated one when done!!! Appreciate all the love this is getting
[deleted]
"Heavy on the under. Ravens don’t give rookies a lot of reps unless they have to, and they certainly don’t with Ingram and Edwards. JK will have reps to prove himself, but I doubt he has more than 7-8 touches. Unless he breaks a long one, he won’t go over"
"I would lean to the under. We have a lot of RBs to feed and a rookie in week 1 isnt likely to be the bell cow. 

Id think Ingram is going to get the most touches.

Then again total yards means passing too so if he rips off a few chunk play check downs he could get there.

Just my 2 cents , week 1 theres so many unknowns, that isnt a prop id feel good firing on."
Over because we’ll have a 5 TD lead after the third so he’ll see plenty of garbage time
"With Justice out, they might try to get him going. Really hoping he holds onto the ball and doesn’t make mistakes."
"Probably under, but I could see him ripping off a big run and finishing 7 for 83 or something like that."
For now I will take the Under. Last year Ingram’s total yards per game was approx 84. Once he’s named RB1 then safely the Over.
"Under, but for any skill or talent. 
I think Ingram and Jackson will have most of the ground yards but we will have a pretty balanced passing game too."
"Its easier to predict touches than yards. But I say with limited touches that he'll certainly be close to that. Could easily go over, just not enough without a score to justify starting him week 1 in fantasy. I have him. Benched him for Fuller. But can he get 80yds on Sunday. Ya he can. Dont forget last year Baltimore had Brown light it up week 1 and he was a fresh rookie."
"Whatever happens I just hope he plays smart, stays healthy, and gets good reps and experience in because we’re gonna need him a lot as the season goes further along. Also wondering if I should start him, Sony Michel, or Leonard Fournette in my FF league. Any advice?"
under I think. he might see a few snaps i doubt many more than 4 or 5 for the first couple weeks.
I'd say over if he was on any other team lol. I think he'll be out there for passing downs tbh
over
I say he gets around 80 yards. i think Harbaugh and the gang want to get Dobbins going as early as possible.
It really depends on how to first half of the game goes. If we have a sizable lead than I'll take the over. If it's close in the second half I'll take the under (it'll be close tho).
Under
The better question would be he'll have over or under 8 yds a carry. I say over.
He’ll have a whole 3 quarters to run when we start resting our starters after the first quarter.
[deleted]
We definitely hate you guys the least in the division. 2017 season finale hurt tho ngl
"Upvoted as soon as you said ""the yellow team"""
"Smart Bird, Flamboyant Cat, Slobberey Dog and... Cold Metallurgist.

I root for kittah when its not us you're playing."
Yellow team😂FACT. the saints are the only gold team!
"Welcome, and good luck with Burrow this year. I hope he develops into a generational talent. 

Also Fuck the Steelers."
I’ve definitely had a lot less dislike for you guys while AJ Green has been injured that’s for sure
"The only reason i dislike the Bengals the least is because they are the worst team in the division.  

Thats is all 8nhave to say on the matter."
Definitely my least hated team in the division especially since getting rid of Burfict. I’ve been saying my big hot take for the year is that y’all finish higher in the division then the yellow team
[deleted]
He’s WR4.  He will probably get to do some Kick Returns too.  If Snead gets hurt he’s probably next up for slot receiver the reason he’s behind Snead is that he isn’t anywhere near as good a blocker and doesn’t know the offense as well.
"Prob WR 3/4. May get a few snaps here and there early on. Has potential to rise up depth chart, because our receivers aren’t that great.

Edit: I expect them to mainly use him in the slot and on screen passes."
"Good question.

Not to many things violate this sub. 

Join us and be respectful and you can ask just about anything pertaining to ravens.

I will say, a lot of us are very excited to see what he can do with his unique skill set and physical frame."
"I’m a fan of both actually lol so I was HELLA pumped when we got him and still praying Elliot can stay healthy. This is Sneads last yeAr under contract and I firmly believe this is his last year as a raven as well in part to us drafting his replacement Duvernay. I believe he’ll have a very successful rookie season with a few big plays here and there. But nothing too crazy this season just because of the lack of an offseason and preseason. I actually think due to his speed after our week 8 bye, he’ll be pushing Snead to the sideline"
I think he’s gonna get a shot at KR tomorrow with Hill being out.
"I think the guy is going to be a rock star here.
I am looking forward to big things from him."
""
"I'm a guy from the UK and after watching some shows on Netflix, wanted to give the NFL a go. I selected the Ravens as the team ill be supporting - watched quite a few of the games from last season. 

Really excited for my first season!"
"Every ravens game freaks me out. I don’t care if we play the worst team in the NFL, I still get super nervous."
Lamar Jackson
Yesssir
Truzzzz
Going to work will be awesome if we win but if we lose...
Been watching the NBA so much lately it’s really it’s been great but nothing can compare to the NFL. Here we go again guys being nervous for 17 weeks straight
I AM SO EXCITED WOW
Hope you’re ready to watch the most exciting player in the league every week! BIG TRUZZ
Big Truzz! Fuck the Browns!
For Week 3 we’ll ship y’all some burnt ends if ya’ll ship us some crab cakes.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO!
"Best of luck, we’re prolly gonna get thrashed, but I’m hoping we can at least make it interesting"
You can tell Lamar is slighted in this pic
"On the hoes,he shall stunt"
"The look in his eyes that day... 

Melts my heart."
The best football player we've seen in generations.... Lamar Jackson.
[deleted]
Hey that looks like what we'll be shoving down your throats tomorrow
"Rent free lmaoooo

Edit: he dm’d me too so definitely rent free 😂"
"What is this supposed to be? Maybe it doesn’t work on the phone app. Good job, good effort!"
[deleted]
[deleted]
They’re making fun of us for our post before the Titans game last year where someone said something along those lines
The forth top comment is I hope they don’t s**t the bed. Lmao.
Gross
"they had one on there about eating birds or something, gave me a good laugh this morning"
"I love the Browns fans calling **us** shit fans, lol. Like were horrible people.

Fuck ohio, you all still support fracking and coal mining you dumb shits."
I love this so much. Nothing better than browns fans talking shit when their reciever wants to get shit on. Im so happy football is back
"Of the three ravens chasing there, two off the team, one playing offense lol"
"Shit fans of the shitty shit-colored, shit-named team (with a receiver who likes to be shitted on) talking shit.

What else is new."
""
Homegirl about to get shat upon all afternoon.
👀
lmao wtf
I'm getting so pumped for this game I can feel it in my bowels!!
Lol this is so funny holy shit nice one man
I can't wait to see Jimmy Vs OBJ part 3
lmao remember the r/nfl thread about this incident?? people were calling for marlon to be arrested 😭😭😭
""
When the fuck did he sign that helmet? Before or after his surgery IR?
"$75 to drive to Brooklyn isn't worth it to repair the bullet holes in my car.

Edit: people from northern AAC know what's up. Everyone else thinks this is mean. Brooklyn is a fucking mess lol. It's about 5 blocks of blue lights and police activity."
""
So unreasonable. Browns ain't scoring 10
Looking at how we handle Nick Chubb tomorrow will tell us a lot about our commitment to stop the run after D. Henry
"Whoa whoa whoa... still repping Madden 20??

Me too lol"
"24-20 ravens win this one. I have Ingram, Andrews, and Edwards scoring"
I'll lay it out for you as truthfully and strategically as I can. The Ravens will struggle tomorrow and come out with a 55-6 win. Lamar Jackson has another perfect passer rating game with 6 TDS thrown and 1 run.
Anyone else expecting another highlight tape of Hollywood catching bombs and going the distance?
The Browns have a depleted CB group. Hollywood & Mandrews are gonna go off. I think we start with the pass to set up the run.
My prediction was 42-14 Ravens win. Lamar gets 4 passing 1 rushing TDs.
"69-0. 5 for Lamar, 3 for Rg3 and 2 for T-Mac. 

Koch & Tuck succesfully go for 2 on the last TD, but the play is ultimately deemed null due to an illegal block in the back by Ravens Team Mascot, Poe."
"No, there’s no way we are scoring that much, sorry

24-14 Ravens"
"Hi all!  With Chris Moore and Justice Hill out for the game, how big of an impact will this have on our ST unit?"
"Moore was good at downing balls on punts deep in the opponent’s territory, but I’d imagine some of the young players step up to fill that role. (Maybe Proche). Hill I don’t think will be missed as much. You also have to remember Harbaugh was a special teams coach, and we have Tucker, Cox and Koch who will for sure do their parts."
Maybe a slight impact on punt coverage as most of the kickoffs go out of the end zone now.
I'm working on one and I wish I could get some feedback on whether or not it's HQ enough and if I'm being too pointed. I don't have any super premium tools or editing experience so I don't know if joining in will help represent or lower the quality and make us look bad.
"If John Harbaugh were here (because he’s everybody’s dad), he would say “trust yourself. I’m sure whatever you will come up with will be great!”"
"I'm sure it'll be quality! If you want, PM the gif to some people if you want feedback"
"Dude you got a post to the top of our sub so I'm stalking your profile looking for dirt. OF COURSE YOU SHOULD POST. Are people going to talk shit on the quality? Yes it's going to get torn to shreds. Do they really mean it or should you care? No. Gif wars online are one of the funniest purely entertainment-driven phenomenon I've ever witnessed. Anyone who shows real anger over a gif, or admonishes someone for not being a pro animator is a piece of shit anyway. Being a part of a stupid subreddit rivalry instead of just commenting makes it that much better. So who cares if it's not going to win an Oscar. I've had gifs flop a couple times but I've never considered not posting."
I'm just stocking up on popcorn.  Go get 'em!
""
Bro the MO in gold is such a col touch for the end zones
**POE**VID the COVID-Corvid
Did they build him the nest in the Mo's Rows?
The funny thing is the plague mask looks like a raven.
Frosted Flakes??
"Fuckin hell, I read that title as ""everyone's favorite COVID"""
Kinda wish we made a head for Poe that was a plague doctor mask to wear during this season
""
I think shes messing with you by making ome of them steelers colors!
Am I being Bucked? I just see an imgur banner.
Bet you could fit a beer in the purple mug.
""
Found this in my FB feed this morning. I thought they were tracking me and knew everything about me?  Fuck their AI trolling me.
And intercepting my boy Vince Young on top of that. Mother fuckers.
"2019: 59-10 over the Dolphins
2018: 47-3 over the Bills
2017: 20-0 over the Bengals"
"I wouldnt be too hopeful for this, we normally have a really good pre-season that smoothes in a lot of starters already. I always feel like we are more ready for a season then others and we don't have that this year."
"This reminded me about 2017- the year of the shut outs. That was a crazy year. Shut out 3 teams, but then the jags put up 44 on us."
Don’t jinx us
"We're 9-3 in Week 1 under Harbaugh, outscoring opponents 339-174"
mega jinx incoming
Jesús
""
😫😫😂😂
Odell the type of dude to order the PooPoo platter at the Chinese restaurant.
Oh no lol
I’m a browns fan and this is hilarious
Oh hell nah 😭🤣🤣🤣🤣
""
Yea I respect it lol that’s how I feel about mahomes and the chiefs
"I dunno I think the guy who tried to do a flip off a patio table and landed on his head is my favorite browns fan.

Found it: https://www.reddit.com/r/holdmyfeedingtube/comments/bnd611/hmft_after_i_attempt_a_gainer_off_a_table/"
Perhaps I have treated you too harshly
"In all fairness,  ""coolest Browns fan"" is an outrageously low bar."
BASED BROWNS FAN BASED BROWNS FAN
"I dunno, no Browns fans should be truzzed."
Nah coolest Browns fan is the guy that did the write-up for the Ravens players in the r/nfl top 100.
Browns fans aren’t even that bad anymore tbh. They were obnoxious last off-season but I’m not trippin about it now.
sad that that constitutes a cool fan
What a gentleman
He gets it.
Nah he just has him in his fantasy team
"Haha they mean: ""In a safe, Myles Garrett isn't banned again way""

Time to flex on these hoes!"
">	Coolest browns fan

That’s like winning an award for the best tasting piece of poop"
"What is going on? Seems to be a few wholesome and respectable browns fans coming out of nowhere


https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/irkz8f/labbe_the_last_time_the_browns_won_a_season/g4zjx9h/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf"
Holy shit I am so fucking excited for this game
I just saw that the down vote icon on the Browns sub is a Ravens logo.
""
He will probably be a gunner in place of Moore right?
">Per transaction wire, Ravens promote DB Jordan Richards from practice squad to active roster for Sunday. Have option of activating two players, chose just Richards it appears. Why not just activate two? Can only be done with any player twice without exposing him to waivers."
Expected move especially with Chris Moore recovering...
"I'm just here to boast that I recently called this during a thread discussion about the potential call-ups to the active roster:

u/Ballsohardstate · 6 days ago

I think one for sure is going to be Wolf or Adams while the other is up in the air.

&#x200B;

>M4RRS · 6 days ago  
>  
>Possibly Jordan Richards"
""
Lowest effort meme. At least include a cool photo or something
L
[deleted]
Nflbite dot com
https://sportsurge.net/#/groups/0
"Get a VPN and buy NFL GamePass International. Set your location to Italy or wherever you want and watch every game for $100 for the year. Also if you want to be extra stingy, make 17 fake emails and just do the one week free trial every week to watch for free"
"I am considering between the [black gaiter](https://www.nflshop.com/baltimore-ravens/adult-baltimore-ravens-new-era-on-field-neck-gaiter/t-70609199+p-038732411924+z-8-290188569) and the [black polyester mask](https://www.nflshop.com/baltimore-ravens/adult-baltimore-ravens-new-era-black-on-field-face-covering/t-14046899+p-1432871819577+z-9-1779893629?_ref=p-PDP:m-RV:i-r0c1:po-1) (same price, both on nflshop website). Has anyone got either of these, or even both, and can recommend one?"
"I’ve heard that from a medical standpoint the gaiters may not be as effective. But that was from a single story I heard on TV a few weeks back, so I don’t know how accurate that is."
"As an alternative option, I got a regular fabric one from Etsy for around $10. There are a lot of different options."
I ordered the 3 mask set a week ago. Had “2 day shipping” label on it and after I ordered it I got a message saying it would arrive October 8th. So don’t expect them very fast.
""
OBJ to Marlon inbox tonight: So uhh.. you gonna be with Judon before the game tomorrow? 👀
"Odel ""Stevie"" Beckham"
Hes our #2 receiver at least get that right
He's WR #2
"The long wait is over, time to spread our wings all over the world and dominate again!!!!!!"
hmmm... premature?
OP is a pedophile. See all of his comments defending Cuties.  Going to rewatch your kiddie porn after the ravens game?
""
"Dude I want the shirt this guy is wearing so bad, anyone know where I can find it? I tried googling around and didn’t come up with it"
I’m liking your content already dude! It’s John Harbaugh whos our bomb ass coach. Jim is good too.
"State of the Ravens as steady as a solid state drive of several terrabytes. Fast, furious and unshakable."
Did anyone order a cutout on here? I was wondering if you have received this code that the website said they were sending out to show where your cutout is sitting.
I also haven’t heard anything yet
""
Anyone with two eyes and a heart is a lamar fan.
"Come get the man, on a team friendly contract."
Jesus Christ the replies
Game respects game
[deleted]
🤣
Can Hanes has had this motto for a looooong time. Don’t think he’s saying this in support of Lamar
Actually a Harbaugh thing
JJ Watt you are no white knight. You are just a white thieving Robin Hood stealing phrases from Lamar Jackson and passing it on to your world!
""
The nfl advertises all its primetime games dude
I mean what are they supposed to say? “ This game sucks but you should watch it anyway”?
I mean... personally it’s a matchup I’m still excited to watch. Maybe these teams aren’t on our level (knock on wood) but it may still be a good game. I don’t have such burning hatred for other teams that I get pissy when the NFL advertises about their game.
"Annoying?

We got football man!

This year has been a fucking shit show. Lets enjoy the good things."
"NFL: ""watch two teams who suck at drafts go head to head in this battle to be the lesser of the two most over rated teams in the league."""
"They could go with “Someone is gonna get a W”. But with these 2 teams, I could see a tie happening."
"Joe “Winless” Burrow goes on the road to Baker “At Home” Mayfield.

Just seeing this only reminds me that they tanked on accident and that Cleveland has ruined any career success Mayfield could have."
""
"People keep bringing up the penalties in OBJs defense but they were for what, like 30 yards and 2 first downs?  What a game changer."
This isn’t surprising hump is odell’s father
He was even banged up out there!
A dad playing sports with his son.. You truly do love to see it.
"The Ravens intentionally fouled OBJ when needed to prevent him getting any rhythm in my opinion.

They knew they could get in a his head, and screw up the entire Browns offense."
"I know it was just the browns, but thought it was worth pointing out. Only the Packers Scored more points last week, with 43.  The Patriots were #2 scoring defense giving up 11 points."
"Even though I use the expression myself, ""Its just the...,"" to be honest, I don't like it. It's just the Browns until those scrubs fluke us out of a win and a 14-2 teams last loss was to just the Browns.

I hope our guys were proud of this statline despite the team, and try to build upon it going forward. Thanks for the stat"
"I mean everyone is riding the Greenbay Packers success right now, they put up some amazing numbers. But I am convinced that we, on average, can keep a solid defence and good scoring offense up all the way until November. And once the cold weather comes... well we know where this is going to end"
And it was just one game. Long way to go!
"Highest point differential, yet still behind the chiefs, who we scored more, and allowed less than. I don’t really care too much about the power rankings, especially not at the begging of the season, as it will probably make more sense as the season rolls along."
""
"Well, Ricard helped.  That’s not an easy assignment"
Boyle is definately one of the most underrated tight ends in the league
"Compared to whatever the hell Evan Engram was trying to do to TJ Watt last night, that's elite."
"When we resigned him to that 3 year deal, there was a lot of talking heads saying we overpaid (because people only look at the stat lines).  

I remember someone, maybe one of the coaches or an analyst who actually watches games said having him on the field is like having an extra Guard out there, and this was a great signing.  Then it came out that there was a strong market for him."
Isn't Boyle rated higher than a lot of offensive linemen on blocking? WELL worth his salary
"Definitely solid, but Garret initially looked inside where Boyle had help (likely just trying to get eyes in the backfield tbh) then Ricard popped over with a chip and release across the middle. Boyle didn't seem to bed the help, so big props to him against a huge adversary."
Wow. Boyle! That is insane. A TE blocking a top 3 NFL pass rusher like that.
"Boyle is absolutely manhandling Garret. Ricard comes in to chip him but it was barely needed. Even if Garret got off Boyle, Lamar gets the ball out we'll before Garret even touches him."
"I'm a lifelong Jets fan, fully indoctrinated by my father, also a lifelong Jets fan. However I also call myself a pragmatist, and have a hard time supporting ANY organization - sport, political, or enterprise - that has no skill in operation.

Most recently the Jets hired Adam Gase as head coach - a man who has done little more in his career than carry water for a veteran Peyton Manning. He'd continued to prove he brings no innovation or value to this offense.

Even before that, our owner looks to a NFL Network talking head to help him hire a GM, because he himself is damn clueless. That gave us Idzik, another example of Jets mediocrity.

I've watched over the years as the Jets have tried to be competent. The closest they came was while mimicking the Baltimore Ravens - hiring Rex, bringing in Bart, and building up the defense to an actual contender.

Now I watch the Jets and I'm just pissed at the ineptitude. Add to that the owner is now in the Trump Admin sexually harassing people (sorry for the hint of politics) and I really want little to do with the Jets anymore.

Beyond that, I just admire how the Ravens are run. They know how to draft, scout, and build a team around its strengths. The Lamar Jackson draft again proves the genius of Ozzie. I cannot believe Mayfield went #1 and Jackson fell so far. I find myself cheering every time Lamar beats the shit out of the Browns, and hope the Ravens continue to destroy them for the foreseeable future. I hope Cleveland regrets that draft for years to come.

A lot is going on in the world right now, and I find myself much more impatient to useless worry and stress. I'm also a Mets/Knicks fan (thanks again, Dad) so something has to give. The Jets are becoming a useless worry to me - especially after the Jamal drama. Good riddance to him - I'm glad he's not our issue anymore, but man do I wish I could follow a team that is all business. If Gase isn't gone soon, the Ravens might be that team.

I've never considered joining a bandwagon until now. I wonder, am I a Ravens fan?? Does B-More welcome wayward fans from crappy teams like NYJ? Either way, I hope Lamar gets his (first) ring this year - Sam Darnold sure as hell isn't."
About time the Ravens of the North fans start defecting to the mother land.
"Bro you're always welcome here! Just 3 ground rules:

1) Steelers Clowning is enforced\*\*\*\*\*

2) Jets are Ravens North but worse

3) All opinions are valid, except for the trash ones"
"If you wait long enough, half of our squad will end up there anyway. But who has time for that? Fuck the Steelers, welcome aboard"
You’re not a Ravens Fan yet unless you say the 3 magic words
"I don’t consider it a bandwagon if you’re going all in to be a true fan of the team during the good and bad times.

fans that came aboard last year but stuck around even after the Titans loss? not a bandwagon to me.

root for an organization you can be proud of with a team that excites you. hell, I’d probably be a Ravens fan even if I didn’t live in Baltimore.

in short, welcome aboard and fuck the Steelers."
Well the jets are just Ravens North at this point so you might as well just ease yourself over here
*Someday this could all be yours.*
It’s like when you switch from the store brand knockoff to the name brand. You’ll never go back.
Come to the black and purple side man. We have cookies and Lamar Jackson..
"If you’re still on the fence do some research on our owner Steve Biscotti. 

Dude made his fortune off employment companies. Turns out, hiring the best people and knowing how to keep a dedicated and respectful atmosphere is good business for ANY organization. 

It’s the reason we’ve been considered such a well run organization. It all starts with the owner as you’ve come to realize. It’s amazing how far that effect trickles down. I mean, the players are well respected enough to basically make their own roster changes ala ET3’s release. 

It’s been a point to draft and recruit people who are enjoyable to be around and having good character. It’s very easy to root for not just the players but the FO as well. I absolutely do not blame you for wanting to leave the jets fandom as they have done nothing to earn your continued loyalty. They simply pray off indoctrination as you mentioned."
Hey dont get down you guysbare basically the ravens without success cause you guys sign anyone we dont.
"As long as you say the magic words to open the doors to Flock Kingdom you're in. No not ""open sesame"" but ""Fuck the Steelers""!"
Hey there fellow Jets fan. Isn't it nice to come here and get a taste of what happiness is like?
"I only have one question... Fill in the blank: ""Fuck the ___________""."
"I grew up a Jets fan for 15 years, once they signed Favre, I knew it was time to jump ship. Welcome to the Flock!"
Welcome to the family.
You’re basically a ravens fan already with your roster so just change the team name and the color scheme and boom! Ravens fan.
Didn’t Willie Snead say something about if you weren’t on the train already don’t hop on now?
[deleted]
""
This is a joke right? Where’s Buck?
"I mean their analysis is fine, but to put them above us!? What the actual fuck?"
"Bruh the Steelers did not look that good against the Giants, the worst team over the last three years. They had moments but it wasn't a top five performance"
"Their defense is absolutely elite. They will ride that and a good coaching staff to a top 10 finish. Their offense will struggle, and so will Ben. All that said, they are not a better team than the Ravens. That’s just ridiculous!"
Their defense is so nasty that they let the giants drive down the field multiple times and they got lucky with that goal line interception.
Imagine hating Lamar so much you do stupid shit like this in articles that he will never even see.  Just one minuscule example of the kind of shit he has had to deal with.
"""Aaron Rodgers sure looked washed up. How dumb that thinking was came true against the Vikings...""

wut"
They slob ok the steelers knob so much it’s ridiculous. I can’t wait to fuck them up.
"This is just a reminder to not believe in any power rankings, even if it says we’re no.1"
"I saw a post in r/NFL that said over the past 3 years, the giants have had a worse record than the Browns, and that includes the 0-16 Browns. 

So if your team is struggling one of the worst team in the past 3 years... that’s pretty alarming for ya. 

It’s honestly because of Ben. The announcers were praising that man all game even though he played subpar. So much bias I can’t believe it"
who the hell ranked father time ahead of the ravens?
"Whatever opponent adjustments you want to give to the Ravens, you should give even more to the Steelers. The Giants have one of the worst offensive lines I've ever seen."
🤮
This must be Pete 'fucking' Pisscunt!
I haven’t cared about any power ranking since 2011. I care about us playing and winning in January and February
"They had an extremely pedestrian offense(30th in yards, 27th in points) last year, and were still 8-8 because their defense kept them in games. Shoot, they still had a chance to reach the playoffs at the end of season. If Ben stays healthy, and that's a big IF, you have to think they will have a much better offense. And when you couple a good offense with that defense, they can be dangerous. Don't sleep on them.

&#x200B;

With all that being said, no fucking way in hell they should be above the Ravens."
"This is like tier 2 clickbait, dont fall for it. Who cares?

Every site makes rankings and it means fuck all for every team but one in February 🤷‍♂️"
I guess we could be Division Champs for five years in a row and the Steelers are still a better team. These people are so dumb.
didnt we beat them with RG3 when they had a playoff berth riding on it?
This is the same company that employs JLC...so yeah not super credible
Anyone else notice Ben constantly grabbing his left knee in that game?
HAHAAHAHAHAAHA
Power Rankings are one half analysis and one half putting what ever popular team is minutely good near the top to generate clicks.
"The Aaron Rodgers line and the green bay ranking is all the more insane to me. He had one good game after years of not being quite what he used to be, and all the sudden they're the second-best team? This list is awful"
GOOD!!!!!
"Having the Saints above us is just as insulting. Their offense looks mediocre and Thomas is now out several weeks.

Edit: This is Pete Prisco, who I think is legitimately retarded, so maybe we should be nicer. He had the Packers at #2 going into the season. Maybe Aaron Rodgers is legitimately pissed off, puts that team on his back, and starts playing at an elite level again, but they were an overrated team last year and had a bad offseason."
The writing is almost as bad as the analysis.
Ravens were the only team to hold their opponent to single digits and have won 3 consecutive season openers by at least 30 PTs..... an absolute joke
"Apparently beating the Giants > beating a division rival? And the Ravens were arguably the 2nd best team in the NFL last year and look *even better*, but suddenly we're not even the best team in our division?

What a fucking joke. People are so eager for the Steelers to be good and the Ravens to regress it's embarrassing."
"Yeah, I’m a Steelers fan and there is no way I put them ahead of Baltimore.  I know they won on the road but you’re win was the most impressive of the week imo. Just doing it to stir shit up"
"Hot take clickbait, that’s all there is to see here."
"The only reason I can see for this, is Fat Boy is back in the line up. They seem to think Ben is a game changer."
4D Chess; someone's paying reporters to write up hot-take articles and power rankings for bulletin board material.
"I'm usually the first to say who gives a fuck about Power Rankings. When I saw this shit I came straight.to Reddit looking for this thread.

What the actual fuck. I hate the Steelers but respect the actual fuck out of them. If they were legitimately a great team I would have no problem with this. But in no way in hell are the Steelers a top 5 team based on beating.the Giants........"
Weird
Does anyone know if there’s going to be wired episodes this year?
"Yes, they said on social media last night that the first episode would be up tonight."
I hope so! I think last year they released the episodes every Wednesday.
Tuesday nights at 8PM EST I believe.
Best production crew of any team! Come see me.
"There is a teaser up right now for the episode that will come out tomorrow, I believe."
Can't wait to add to my playlist.
They had a camp one
[deleted]
"I really don’t remember seeing any browns fans talking trash on reddit, but I could have just missed it. I also don’t follow sports twitter so that could be where it was happening."
"As a Ravens fan, we may actually have to be concerned for the Steelers this year... 

That defense was looking tough, also the third Wildcard spot should open up some interesting upsets in this year's Playoffs."
3rd and 41 is classic 1945-2019 Browns so it’s good to see they’re brave enough to continue the trend in 2020
"Hey, that’s soon to be 3 time offseason champion Browns your talking about!"
"Yeah 2020 is bad and all...

But imagine being a Browns fan"
How does Baker Mayfield not have any muscle tone at all in his arms?
"Lol this was on Chris Simms Monday headline show or whatever it's called. I like the one the other guy came with: ""bengals bungle burrow's beginning"""
"Death, taxes and the Browns sucking..."
"To be fair I think we lost 3 games max, and I could see the browns being one of them."
"so when the Browns became the Ravens...did the Browns fans become ravens fans ? then leave their ""old"" browns team and became fans of ""new"" browns...confusing"
I heard from Pat Mcafee show that the Browns are really trying to find a trade for OBJ lol. Bye
You really pay heed to those perennial losers?
"browns fans have been quiet, i dont hate them as much this year"
"The world is burning. We are leading the world in coronavirus deaths. Half the country is completely divided and its mostly over the debate: ""Is racism bad?"" 

But yeah, let's take e*very possible opportunity* to shit on the long suffering fanbase we stole our team from. 

Ravens won. Who cares."
[deleted]
""
I still think Gus deserves more reps. He’s been consistent for 3 years and gets a lot of chunk yards.
Well done!!
"Literally every time I see Dobbins I think he’s Rice. His play style, build and number was uncanny on Sunday. Was looking for Jamal until I realized this was the current group and not all time RBs."
"Baltimore-Core-4-Corps. | BR's RBs 2020:

* Mark Ingram II #21
* J.K. Dobbins #27
* Gus ""The Bus"" Edwards #35
* (...And) Justice (4) Hill #43"
"Some suggestions: Have all 4 in the same jersey color. Also, Dobbins' Ford patch from his practice jersey looks really out of place. I get that pics were limited and that was practically all available until this past weekend. 

Bearing these things in mind, I'd personally prefer them all in white jerseys, so each player pops off that beautiful backdrop — especially since the only regular season game action for Dobbins thus far has come via white tops. Plus, those shots of Gus & Justice are picture-perfect! 

You could still have them slightly differentiated in that two could be in white jerseys/black pants (Gus & Justice from the 2019 regular season Bills road game & 2019 preseason Packers home game, respectively), whereas Ingram & Dobbins could be wearing the purple pants.

Granted, I suppose the pants portions could be cropped out, too, of course. I found a few photos of those two in said uniform combinations that might work together, depending upon what would need done for sizing/proportion-fitting & image-positioning purposes:  


[Mark Ingram (Best I could dig up in this particular uniform combo)](https://images2.minutemediacdn.com/image/upload/c_fill,w_720,ar_16:9,f_auto,q_auto,g_auto/shape/cover/sport/Baltimore-Ravens-v-Pittsburgh-Steelers-e6caeca722bfc7a867e56e4137fb9b81.jpg)

[Mark Ingram II](https://s.yimg.com/ny/api/res/1.2/pSA9TcCsQAjMygDUqQD5gw--~A/YXBwaWQ9aGlnaGxhbmRlcjtzbT0xO3c9ODAw/https://media-mbst-pub-ue1.s3.amazonaws.com/creatr-uploaded-images/2019-12/d8d62c00-24fa-11ea-bcbe-39c61f8e5295)

[Mark Ingram 3](https://specials-images.forbesimg.com/imageserve/1192721600/960x0.jpg?fit=scale)

[Mark Ingram 4](https://d.newsweek.com/en/full/1544196/mark-ingram.jpg)

[Mark Ingram 5](https://imageproxy.themaven.net//https%3A%2F%2Fwww.si.com%2F.image%2FMTY3NTAyMzk1Nzg4NTAyNDA3%2Fmark-ingram-ravens-steelers.jpg)

[Mark Ingram 6](https://img.bleacherreport.net/img/images/photos/003/844/429/hi-res-3bd65c4f3fefc54d6a372492a19350fa_crop_north.jpg?1577397990&w=3072&h=2048)

[Mark Ingram 7](https://imageproxy.themaven.net/https%3A%2F%2Fimages.saymedia-content.com%2F.image%2FMTcyNTA1MDk2Mzg1NDcxNTcx%2Fusatsi_13768664.jpg?w=788&q=40&h=604.552445723254&auto=format&fit=crop&crop=focalpoint&fp-x=0.5&fp-y=0.5&fp-z=1&fp-debug=false)  


[J.K. Dobbins](https://pressboxonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/ravens20_wk1_JK-Dobbins-3-800x445.jpg)

[J.K. Dobbins 2](https://cdn.theathletic.com/app/uploads/2020/09/16100925/AP_20258466804988-1024x683.jpg)

[J.K. Dobbins 3](https://i0.wp.com/www.rotoviz.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/RV-J.K.-Dobbins-3.png?fit=1335%2C550&ssl=1)

[J.K. Dobbins 4](https://buckeyeswire.usatoday.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/32/2020/09/J.K.-Dobbins-First-NFL-TD-Ravens.jpg?w=1000&h=600&crop=1)  


Potentially, there will be opportunities to wait until after this Sunday for some game action snapshots of Dobbins sporting the purple top, since Houston will be wearing all white for their home opener, as per usual. 

On the other hand, I wonder if you could somehow Photoshop out the Ford patch, and otherwise just leave everything else the same? Obviously, this is your own creation, so whatever your preferences are matter the most above all else!

Additionally, I do love this as is (sans that practice patch). However, I just felt compelled to chime in with some suggestive options that MAY make this look even more awesome! Regardless whether you consider any of this, thanks for the quality content!"
The League is not ready.
[deleted]
"My thoughts are that its going to be much much harder than the Browns, but that I still expect to win."
"Other than Deshaun, not one person of their offense scares me."
"Any given sunday, but without Hopkins I don’t see their wr’s having any success vs our secondary, meaning we can blitz all day, which historically Watson has struggled with. Our offence will put up points like it always does. It is a good matchup for us"
"Offensively they're worse across the board than Cleveland is except at QB, which is a pretty significant step up. I expect them to test our defense more but even so I think we have the edge in that matchup.

Defensively they don't really match up all that well against us. JJ Watt is a good player but he's not 2015 Watt anymore. Their front seven does have good players around him but their DBs should struggle, particularly with Hollywood's speed. They'll need to *really* harass Lamar to protect their back end, which was Cleveland's strategy and it didn't work very well at all.

Overall they're a good team but I think we have the edge. We'll see how much their extra prep days help them but on paper we take this one."
Shutout
Last year they had the best receiver in the league and a bye week to prepare and got absolutely smoked. This year they have a couple extra days to prepare after looking like complete shit front to back after no real offseason. 52-10
"I was scared last year with Deandre Hopkins, not so much this year.


I don’t see how they score more than 14 points."
I’d like to see how fired up the texans come out playing. I’m sure they haven’t forgotten last years blowout so I’m sure they will give us all they have. I think if we can get out of the first half with a close game or even a small lead though I think we should comfortably come out in the second half ready to grind out the win.
"I’m excited to see us against a better qb. Watson looked bad week 1, not sure if it’s the loss of Hop or what, but last year we dominated their souls. I hope to see the same"
It’s gonna be nice having a tougher matchup before the chiefs game
"JJ Watt isn’t better then Garrett at this point in there respective careers, but Watt is a matchup nightmare for us, because he will challenge our interior line where only Bozeman is solid."
In my head. I keep saying we win by 13. I think that's more than believable.
"As long as we dont let Watson get comfortable, we should be ok.."
[deleted]
Considering the ravens are the browns 2.0. Welcome.
Acting like jumping ship now includes all the years since '95 is funny. Brush up on the dark days we sat through while you wore Brown and Orange before posturing like you have tenure.
""
Don't see 4th and 41 very often!
That was a sweet drive for sure. I also really enjoyed the thirty five second TD drive before the half after Beckham flubbed a third and two pass and the Browns missed the field goal ten yards right. Swinging from a possible 17-13 outcome on their last drive to down 24-6 had to ruin their halftime break.
"That game had two really great signs.

The 99 yard drive you mentioned and the perfectly executed two minute drill for a touchdown (only took us 49 seconds I believe).

The only criticism I have with Sunday's game is that Lamar should have come out a lot sooner than he did."
"That's a net 140 yds driven by the entire Ravens team offense and defense when you actually think about it. I don't believe it has ever happened before or will happen again in the NFL. For the defense to back up a team by 41 yds in 3 downs and then for the offense on the very next drive to march down 99 yds for a whopping 140 net yards total in consecutive drives is unimaginably great. But, when you play the Browns great things happen to the Ravens just like the 295 yds rushed by Jamal Lewis all those years ago."
"To be honest, 25 outta those 41 were forced by themselves. 3 consecutive Flags: Facemask OBJ and I believe two false starts. You know, the Browns doing Browns things."
How those 3rd and 4th downs aren't being talked about more is beyond me. I am choosing to  view it as a sign of things to come.
"Yeah that punt was awesome, I figured we were going to have a fruitless drive, hopefully getting up the field enough to get a decent punt off, but actually scoring there was so awesome"
""
""
""
If this actually happens then this will be the second consecutive year in which we beat our week 1 opponent so badly that the player they spent their second-most recent first round pick on got panic traded.
"It's funny how they've gone from ""Baker is the future and we have so many weapons"" to ""We look so good on paper. Why can't we get it together!?"""
"I honesty think this is a Ownership issue. 

After all these QBs, coaches, etc and you arguably have your best roster in a while. You can’t figure it out???"
why is this in the ravens sub
"No we dont need him but EDC has been very aggressive in the trade market Peters, Campbell hell he even tried to swing a trade for Hopkins and Clowney lol. Im expecting EDC to keep an eye on the situation."
Not true but ARob is one of the most underrated wrs in the league. He would instantly be our WR1.
"He’s just mad because he wants an extension and bears are undervaluing him. 

If that’s the case, we ain’t got the money for his extension."
"Hopkins is big pull. He isn't a rando. Every team should have been on the phone asking about him. 

Peters fell into our lap. The Rams wanted Ramsey. 

Campbell is basically the same. Fire sale on the jags end, why not see what they could get. 

I don't see picking this guy up, when he passed on us before AND we want to build up Hollywood Brown."
He's catch the TD Boykin dropped but ain't he due 15m?
Can he rush the passer?
"I don’t see it.. He isn’t a superstar like Earl/Calais/Clooney/Adams/Peters.. He falls into the “star” category. Not worth it when we have a potential superstar out of Hollywood + a ton of young guys who’s Reps he’d be eating into. If Snead was to go down then yes I’m all for it, but he isn’t really worth what we would have to give up to get him."
Dont need him. I like our WRs..
Stupid ass discussion. We'd sooner trade for an OLB who can edge set than AR12.
""
""
"I can read fast, but some of that was absurd."
"Fun fact:

Lamar only missed one game in college due to injury, his freshman year."
Chiefs fans are actually pretty chill.
"Gif war is next week, just crosspost it over there Monday"
Good job.  Just leave the text on the screen a little longer. It was hard to read.  Or use fewer words.
Sorry if it's too fast to read. I tried my best
Why would Chiefs fans be salty?
""
Bro stop snitchin
Yup they’re allowed. People have been wearing them for years.
He's always worn a little hoodie like that lol
Ehhh... Mask while helmet is off?
"I think it’s a cool look, like backyard football vibes. I just had no idea this was allowed, anyone know?"
""
**PERFECT.**
It’s even better because Steve Harvey is an actual Browns fan.
"I don't think I've ever seen a team go from ""Dark-horse Playoff Contender"" to ""Potential #1 Pick"" so fast

And what's crazy is if they win Thursday, they'll go right back to ""Dark-horse Playoff Contender"""
you could post this every year and it would remain relevant
"I keep asking people, 

‘Are the Browns that bad or are the Ravens that good?’ 

I think you guys are that good. 

But get the Brown out of this sub I see it every week-it’s like a Lamborghini dealer shitting on a Hyundai.


Good luck this season!"
""
lol With defensive grades like that you'd think we were the ones that got blown out...
"Reminder, PFF grades are actively bashed by a lot of the football analytics community, and are extremely subjective. They provide information, but are imperfect in many other ways. For example Lamar last year didn’t grade out anywhere near where he probably should have. No point complaining, they aren’t the same thing as performance, just one way to assess play"
PFF off their wax pens
"I'm going to try to add a little bit of context for these. So here we go:

JK Dobbins also had a grade of 73.0

Bradley Bozeman had a pass block grade of 87.2

Matt Skura had a pass block grade of 76

Miles Boykin had a run block grade of 89.6

Defensively:

Malik Harrison had a coverage grade of 85, which is amazing

There were a number of players with tackling grades below 30 including Marcus Peters.

I can't really explain why the grades are so low without really looking deep. If I mentally go back to the game, I remember thinking that the problem with the Browns were the same as least year. Landry was open, but Baker makes the wrong read. Baker throws it to OBJ, but he drops the ball. Baker makes the read and Landry is open, but then he throws off-target. Running game is great, but they're down 20+. Just a bunch of small different miscues that makes the whole thing seem bad. It might just be that the Browns offense performed well overall and made our defense grade poorly, but those small mistakes led to 6 points in results."
LJ FORT IS A GOD
Peters played a good game I thought
I wonder about Malik grade? I thought he played pretty well.
"These grades are seriously pulled out of their ass.

Humphrey allowed 0 TDs and forced 1 PBU/1 INT and a sub 60 Passer rating if I'm not mistaken.

I thought Tyre also played well in the run blocking, I guess they weigh pass protection heavier.


How does a rookie who forced a fumble had a sack and a team high 8 tackles get such a poor grade?? 

There were two plays one a toss and one looked like a wheel route where he didn't get the tackle. Do they weigh that on one person?

I'm surprised they look at our D as poor, by DVOA we were top 5 and look to continue the trend of top 5-10 D.

I'd say our run D prob weighed us down"
"Was on a road trip going to different state's highest points (including MD, I made the state one rock higher), and I managed to avoid any spoilers for Sunday's game. Just watched the condensed version over lunch and hell yeah bois! A few mistakes here and there, but overall looking good! I'm freakin hyped. Also pretty happy to be able to open this subreddit too. BIG TRUZZ"
I’m impressed you managed to avoid spoilers
[deleted]
""
Big Ben and bathroom stalls
Baker Mayfield and turnovers?
This meme has been true for the last 20 years
Bengals and the L is also applicable
Lamar and broken ankles
""
"I'm a simple man. I see Buck Allen, I upvote."
#
Does anyone remember what happened to him? I really liked him as a player but I forget why he’s not with the Ravens anymore :(
Thank you king.
My man!
Buck Allen
Wtf just happened? My finger naturally upvoted this before my brain could even process what I was looking at
Yes
Absolute legend.
yes
One of my favorite Ravens
"Big, if true."
"Rumour has it that Buck Allen's legacy over the position is so strong, that it will now henceforth forever be known as 'Running Buck'"
"Kinda sad that this dude missed out on both 2014 and 2019. Perfectly slotted at the start of our only 3 year stretch without a playoff appearance since 96-99 and only experiencing a small tease of our future offense - never getting more than 5 offensive snaps while Lamar was starting in 2018 (10 total, only 1 in the playoff game)

We knew that his star would outshine any and all other Ravens, but Lamar was our future. How were we supposed to handle this situation any other way? He was simply too good for us. It wasn't fair."
Based
"I thought I’d check here to post this ask and I might also be asking on photoshop reddit pages too!

LOOKING FOR WHOLESOME MEMERs. This past press conference with Lamar Jackson was cool but what really caught my eye was his all green suit... all I’m asking is for some of you who might also take interest to meme it out for me because tbh I am a caveman. I like too laugh too. Just an open ask and I’ll throw some coinage on your meme if it’s a good one! Looking for most creative memes. Big truss at the bank. 

Here’s a link to his presser [Lamar Jackson green suit 9/13](https://youtu.be/6jUKEDYrtxw) 

Idk it could be fun but an open invite to spice up this page with wholesome memes of our Beast of a Qb while we await a Houstons destruction next Sunday."
"Even better 

Use his shirt as your canvas"
"I see everyone on this sub praising the defense and taking about how we dominated the brown's, but i haven't seen anyone mention the fact that Hunt average 5.5 YPC and Chubb had 6.0 YPC. Sure defense played a great game, held the brown's to 6 but there were still a lot of big gash runs and it's mildly concerning to me."
"I am not concerned because it is week one.
Week four was pretty pathetic last season.  But we turned out okay.  
In a manner of speaking it is pre season."
"When you jump out to a big lead like that you kind of concede the run and focus on not giving up anything deep. However, there is still work to be done on that front. I'm not worried though. 2 rookie starting ILB's and 3 new guys on the D-line rotation including 2 starters. They'll get it figured out."
"When yards start to translate to points, I'll be concerned. It's a bend, but don't break sort of thing. I mean, we put up 500+ yards of offense against the Titans and only scored 12 points. Points wins games."
"It was a porous run defense, but keep in mind it’s week 1 and Chubb and Hunt are great backs.  David Johnson had one pretty good game, but I don’t expect him to be on that level so the worry is lessened."
gotta give queen and harrison a bit of time to acclimate before judging too harshly
Outside runs look to be the problem.  Hopefully they get it corrected.
Queen got held up on blocks frequently.  Has a lot of growing to do but he has special speed.
"Take out each RBs longest carry and shortest and you have -

Chubb - 8 carries for 32 yards (4.0  ypc)

Hunt - 11 carries for 50 yards (4.5 ypc)

Those are much more realistic numbers and show how stout the Ravens rush defense actually was. We are not going to prevent every single big play, and that can skew averages, but look at what we let up on an average play and it is a far better indication of what we did

We only let up 4 runs of 10 yards or more out of 27 attempts, the average carry length before first contact was 2.1. Our run defense was dominant, we just played 2 of the top 10 RBs in the league at the same time"
Hunt was also used out wide  a lot which you really aren't going to stop kareem hunt from being effective out wide unless you create a well disguised blitz from the safetys hes been doing it his whole career. And honestly I'll take that from chubb getting one big 30 yard run all game instead of the 84 yards to the house. This defense is pretty new together with no pre season it's not gonna be 2000 off the rip
"Its somewhat part of the heavy blitzing scheme.  When you have 5 or 6 guys pinning their ears back constantly, you're taking the risk of getting gashed in the run game."
"If the pass D keeps playing the way it has been, I'm fine giving up 5 ypc."
"It's concerning to me too, because it's in large part what caused the loss in the playoffs last year. However, two things to consider: 1) it's week one, so there is time to make improvements and 2) even if the defense plays the way it did last year, it's only going to cause a problem if the offense isn't hitting on all cylinders."
"Its week one is they had two very fast and talented runners. We held them to 6 points. Force a fumble on a rushing attempt. 

I dont know what more you want. They didnt let them run it up our assholes all day. Could have been worse."
I just chalk it up to the first game and the D still putting it together and being rusty. Remember too that Chubb and Hunt are two of the very best RB tandems in the league...
""
"And before anyone shits on PFF, Ken McKusick and Sarah Ellison agree."
Wonder if Fluker moving over to tackle mid game had anything to do with it
"Best left tackle in football went down, guy who plays mostly guard stepped in at tackle, rookie right guard, and another guy coming off a MAJOR knee injury. Oh, we also played a very good dline.

If that was the WORST that they are going to play, and given the circumstances, it very well may be the worst they could play, I will be more than happy with it.

They will get better, and they will be fine."
Cleveland has arguably the best d line in the league though
"I was saying this during the game, the browns D line won as hard as I've ever seen a d line win. They were in the backfield every play and were slowing our potent run offense. All the Ravens had to do was run scramble drills. The browns just couldn't catch Lamar even with penetration every play, and Lamar was finding his receivers on the run. 

People look at Lamar's numbers and go 'wow look what he did from the pocket'. Nah. He did that shit on the run, the whole game. And still posted the highest efficiency of the week. The dude literally transcends the game. There is nothing the browns could have done to stop it. I mean it might be the most ridiculous performance I've ever seen from Lamar individually, because I've never seen him under that much pressure."
"And we still won 38-6! This team is already scary good but still has a lot of room to improve. I believe they will. Don’t overreact, we didn’t have a oreseason. Give these guys a few weeks to gel and get better as a unit. The ravens are the team in the nfl with the highest ceiling."
It's going to take time to move on from Yanda.
Looking forward to seeing how they deal with Watt next week
Idk I rewatched the game and did not see glaring oline issues. Shit happens but on big plays Lamar had time to throw and that's how we scored.
"Not too big of a deal imo. The fact that TP is a rookie, Skura literally destroyed his knee 10 months ago, and Fluker was just signed a few months ago gives me hope they’ll improve. Just as long as they don’t end up on that list by November, everything will be okay."
"Correa making an appearance on that list too. Can’t believe he found another team and is getting any playing time, time and time again showing how he’s not a NFL caliber player"
I'm pretty much done with PFF. Not saying that we were great but I'm not sold on their ratings meaning anything anymore.
""
Too handsome. Would break the servers
"Justin ""I still fucking got it"" Tucker"
HA you expect lazy ass EA to give a shit? 8 years in the league arguably the best kicker in that time span still no picture
They want 60 bucks for the game and can't even pay to use a kicker's likeness.
"He’s the Executioner, it fits. Plus you can always watch those whack ROFO commercials for your JT fix"
"the current generation of games can't render a god, be glad they at least gave him a human form"
"If his Pic wasn't in the last one, no way to copy/paste it into this one."
It is a family game and he is NSFW.
"I am so glad I haven't spent 60$ on Madden ever, and haven't played one in years. God EA is trash. How do you expect people to pay 60$ yet you don't even have a picture for the best kicker in the league"
Concerningly small amount of truzz
I actually only play 2k with the updated rosters.
Is Madden any good?
They need to bring the game period.
""
"I'm actually surprised Nigel Warrior, Eli Wolf, and Will Holden aren't protected.  Holden might make a little sense with Fulker playing swing tackle."
"We must really, really like this long snapper"
Huntley needs to be on the roster and McSorely on the PS.
""
[deleted]
"I'm not overly worried about the oline yet.  With no preason everyone's like was a little off.  The Browns do have a really good dline as well, and looked to commit to stopping the run.  If in three weeks they still are having issues, than I'm worried."
"I agree with this analysis. I will say, Skura was bound to be rusty, no one is arguing that we don’t need Ronnie, and Garrett is a top tier player. 

They need to tighten up though, but I still think they can do it."
"Also worth noting in the middle of all this hype is that our run d didn't look that great either. Browns abandoned the run pretty early on, but they made some pretty good runs in the 1st QTR."
"https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/itj854/week_1_worst_team_of_the_week_by_pff_grade/

Fluker, Phillips, Skura & Ricard all made PFF's (worst) Team of the Week."
Good thing we have Lamar Jackson hahahahahaha
I mean I said it during training camp and I was downvoted. Brown’s D-line is quite good tho. We’ll see what happens.
Lamar made OBJ a pro-bowler. Lol
Im not worried. I would expect Fluker to be replacement level at T. Zeus Jr. Struggling with Garrett is to be expected. Im excited that Bozeman played well.
"Reminder that Cleveland put a ton of capital in their offensive and defensive lines. 

Bitonio is an all pro and top 5 LG in this league, Wills is a top ten pick and IMO the rookie with the highest floor; it was difficult to find a game where he was beaten once, Tretter is a solid C who would be an upgrade on 90% of teams and Conklin is a monster Tennessee was dumb to let get away.

On the defensive side Garrett is an absolute game wrecking top three pass rusher in the league, Sheldon Richardson is still a top DT, Vernon isn’t great but he’s still dangerous and Larry O is a great rotational DT and better than what most teams have at DT1 let alone 2. 

So it’s not shocking we lost the battle of the trenches"
"Need to have Phillips and Skura on a short leash now (unless they string together a few good performances). I'm more bullish on the idea of Fluker being an upgrade on Phillips than I am about Mekari being an upgrade on Skura, but if we're struggling to block against Houston, those changes need to be made.

It's tough with Skura, because after one game it's impossible to know if he was just shaking off rust or if the injury has taken something from him permanently (or even just for this season).

Tough to bench a rookie without taking some confidence from him, but if we can't run the ball our offense loses a lot."
"Re-watched Ravens-Browns. I’m concerned about the o-line.

• Mad props to Skura for his return, but it was a rough game, including his part of the Ricard fumble.

• OBJ frequently beat by Garrett. To be fair, it’s Garrett.

• Need Stanley healthy

• Run blocking not great

***

posted by [@sgellison](https://twitter.com/sgellison)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Been watching the game before work this week and it looks like the Browns D played to not let Lamar beat them with his legs, which in turn effects the run game. However the run game was still pretty good all things considered.   Our run d looked a little shakey at the start but tightened up as the game went. 

End of the day, we got a week 1 win against a division opponent. Lamar looked very comfortable throwing and even when he was running, always kept his eyes downfield instead of immediately taking off. JK Dobbins making EDC look like the smartest GM in the league. Defense made big plays when it needed to but still had a few dumb penalties. Hoping Staley can stay healthy because he's so damn good and it sucks that he can't stay healthy."
That and it looks like Ingram lost a gear
""
Baldy loves him some Lamar.  These segments are the next best thing to the actual games.
Still in awe that we get blessed with this young man. Good lord the NFL is in for a rough few seasons.
All that and he didn't include Lamar's best throw of the day.
""
We need to get Ingram a ring
"Ingram mentoring J.K. — his likely replacement— hits you right in the feels: “Trust your eyes like you have your whole life. Run like you’ve been running all camp. Be J.K., you ain’t gotta be nobody else. Be J.K. and that gonna be more than enough, I promise you that.”"
The video title is misleading. Should be “Hype beast Ingram Wired”
"The cutest moment is when Andrews walks up to LJ after his second TD & just gives him a big old hug.

This team is the best"
"Ingram making it his personal mission to yell enough for 70,000 fans."
Inject this team’s chemistry into my veins
Anyone else tear up at Ingram psyching up Dobbins! Wow that was awesome! Ingram won’t be as good as he was last year but he is probably the most important part of our team clicking.
You can tell JK just adores mark.. love to see it
Ingram legit the GOAT hype man
Idc if JK takes over RB1. Mark Ingram needs to stay on this team. He’s the embodiment of everything this team is
"If Ingram isn't running, he's talking."
"Oh man, this is like the old school Wired episodes. Way more player convo's - hope this continues!"
"The ravens production team is absolutely amazing love these videos every game week

Mark Ingram needs a ring so bad I love this team"
"“My son make me proud, man”"
It is stupid to think we cut Ingram to save 5M.
"""ooh you strong!"""
"Man when Ingram eventually retires he should just hire out his hype services. “You GOT this. BE YOU. BE YOU. You’re MORE than enough. Now go KICK this exam’s ASS”

After watching this video I want to go do push-ups and yell"
It's wild to think that this is only Ingram's second year on the team. The front office really seems to be good at signing free agents who fit into our organization. Except maybe that one safety...
"This video is the only thing you need to show when asked if we're ok with cutting Earl. This is a team, all included!"
Haha Ingram called him Marlo
Looks like nobody wants to do mic’d up anymore after the Darnold incident
"If our young guys like LJ, Mandrews, JK, Hollywood, etc... could only have 1 thing between the following list: 
-Basic food and necessities 
-Pure raw football talent
-Amazing work ethic 
-The guidance and support and hype of Big Truss Mark Ingram himself

Well boys...that’s easy...I’ll take what Ingram is giving them all day! That would be more than enough...Belee dat! That man embodies team play! We are so lucky to have him! 

Also, we are super lucky that our guys just have all of those things on the list! Loving where this team is and is headed! 1-0 every week!"
The conversation between Lamar and Andrews after the first touchdown is gold. Everyone thought it was a bad throw and a great catch. But Lamar couldn’t see if there was a defender trailing Andrews so he threw it high and leading him. This wasn’t a bad throw it was a great one!
"If everyone had a hypeman like Mark Ingram, the world would be a better place"
"Last night I was sitting around, with this feeling like something great was coming up, that I’d been looking forward to. I just had a few mini vacations over the last month (camping and the beach), so I couldn’t figure out what there could possibly be to look forward to. Then I remembered I get to watch these guys play again on Sunday."
They need ingram mic'ed up every single game. Hell...every practice!
""
"OBJ's newest nemesis, Barkus Peters"
I just bought this exact jersey for my dog today!
The goodest boy
He’s actually a week early
""
Why on earth would you take youtube comments serious they are even worse than facebook comments
Who cares
""
"I enjoy Tom Grossi a lot and if you read between the lines of what was said (Lamar Jackson was a major key why we won, run game wasnt needed as much), its yet another person saying that Lamar isnt a ""runner"" and can throw the ball to win.

I know we are ""mostly"" past that, but had quite a few people still saying that line to me, so its still refreshing to see a simple take.

Also, he has us currently at #2, we all know who #1 is, we have to do work this week and especially do work the week after."
[deleted]
That's good truss
Our truss levels are way bigger than that
""
seriously this team gives me good vibes for the whole week
"They're hugging because:

1. They legitimately make each other better
2. Lamar would rather throw than run and he's glad Mandrews is there
3. ""It's a family thing""
4. Super Bowl: Coming to a theatre near you
5. They are going to get each other PAID"
/r/footbaww
"So excited to be seeing these guys continue to grow and get better, that SB will come but along the way to get that it’s just fkin fun to watch"
"i know we know that andrews likes baker, like we know that. but you also can't convince me he wasn't looking at baker's mishaps and then had to show appreciation to lamar lolll"
Brothers
""
I bet Colin was harder than OBJ in a public bathroom after the performance Baker had on Sunday.
"Colin Cowherd is obnoxious af. I couldn't care less about what he thinks, especially after once upon a time he compared Lamar to Tebow. Idk why people take this guy seriously, he switches up all the time"
Dude sucks. Said he'd still take Darnold over Lamar during his MVP season. He trashed Lamar for the longest time
Colin Cowherd can definitely be a turd at times but I'm lucky that he's a fan of both my teams (The Ravens and USC) so I get to listen to him speak a lot of praise/knowledge of both
"I just got done skimming through different games of Lamar’s 2018 season. I know people talk about it all the time, but it really is amazing to see how far he’s come. Just throw on one of those 2018 games and immediately watch our most recent one. Night and day. I always pulling for Lamar in 2018, but I never really imaged he could become what he now is. Everything is so different. His poise, his confidence, his size, his throws, his runs. He really committed himself to becoming the best possible quarterback he could be and he’s exceeded expectations. I’ve really never seen any player with that kind of determination to getting better. He truly is something special and I hope so badly that he stays in Baltimore for the rest of his career. He represents the city and the organization so well. Gritty, underdog mentality. “Never good enough”. Let’s get this ring."
"What I really enjoyed seeing was when he first started, when he would take off he would just tuck the ball and go. But then he evolved to the point where he would tuck the ball, escape, buy as he was escaping into the clear he would pull the ball back out looking to throw. Was just awesome seeing him not going the Vick route and just bolting."
He has that Brady level will to improve.
And he's only 23 years old. My oh my.
"A couple of weeks ago, I rewatched the 2018 game vs the Browns.  It struck me that his handoffs didn’t look good, like he was telegraphing the handoff.  Compare that to last year when I was always trying to figure out who had the ball, because the handoffs were smooth and the ball was kept hidden as long as possible."
"LJ just has an unreal work ethic. The man just won MVP and all we hear all offseason is about him working out and trying to get his receivers down to FL to get in reps. 


He also seems to be a great student of the game. You can just see his understanding and reading of defenses growing every year. That’s where all those people saying he wasn’t smart enough to be a QB screwed up. They looked at his wonderlic and heard him talk and immediately pegged him as stupid. None of them took the time to realize that his football IQ is unbelievable."
He was okay in 2019 too.
"Hopefully for eternity, but just want to know what y’all think!

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/itprir)"
"If he continues to improve at this rate, he will stay until 2040 and win 9 Super Bowls"
"Though he understands this is his job and it's a business, he honestly gives me vibes to be the type to stay in Baltimore for his full career in gratitude of trading up to give him the opportunity AND building the offense and team around him."
"For the sake of being better than Brady, he will be in Baltimore for 21 years and win a total of 7 Superbowls.

Edit: I am trying to be a little bit more realistic than the comment under me. /s"
"I’m the one person who hit 2-3 years. Not a troll, just fucked up scrolling on mobile lol

I was to excited to smash that mf 10+ years button"
Star qbs dont leave until they're old as shit anymore
"I'm pretty sure 10+ but I put 7-9 just in case, god forbid something happens or he retires earlier than we expect. But probably 10+"
"How bout this, if we aren’t able to pay some of our star players to keep Lamar, will we find equal/better replacements, or will we have Lamar Jackson and no one else?"
I say enjoy it while it lasts and hope he stays forever. A la Manny Manchado but with competent team management.
""
Good on Willie Snead not getting a penalty there.
nice
Got em with the hesi
"Mom: ""Hey Snead dont forgot tomorrow is trash day!""

Snead: ""Im taking it to the driveway right now!"""
""
"This is beautiful, thank you for sharing. 


Also Fuck the Steelers"
"Before this I honestly would have thought that an NFL team having more TDs than punts over a sustained period of time, much less 25 more TDs than punts, was impossible. That's a wild stat."
No more pro bowls for Sam Koch
WTF this is incredible. Post it to r/nfl
"Even without rushing TD's? That's fucking insane. I know we disappointed in the playoffs, but for years and years into the future, football fans are going to come back to the rushing record and see this 2019 Ravens team and be in awe."
"I feel like this stat is helped greatly by the Ravens being so aggressive on 4th down. 

I was curious about the number of turnovers on downs, since obviously that isn't counted here. Baltimore had the highest 4th down conversion % last season, and was in a 3-way tie for 5th most 4th down attempts.

Overall baltimore turned over the ball on down just 7 times on 24 tries.

Meaning if you wanted to adjust this stat by subtracting turnovers on downs the Ravens are still VERY positive, and everyone else is VERY negative. KC went 6 for 10, which would put them at -2.

https://www.footballdb.com/stats/teamstat.html?group=O&cat=W&yr=2019&lg=NFL&sort=fourthpct"
"What blew me away is finding out we don't even go for it that much on 4th down either. Apparently we only go it the 10th most often in the NFL, we just have far and away the highest conversion rate.  I had just assumed this was a product of our amazing offense along with how aggressive we are on 4th down but it turns out,  our offense is just insane. 

https://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/tgl_finder.cgi

- not my source,  I just found this on the r/nfl thread."
"when KC is next @ +2, you know your team is on some other level."
Lamar is prolonging Koch's career at this point
That’s crazy
[deleted]
""
Lamar said in the wired that he did not see if anyone was next to Andrews. He was so wide open that Lamar though there has to be someone around but in fact its just the browns lol
"Lamar being the kind of guy who would straight up admit to being bailed out by Andrews while laughing about it, I totally buy this"
That makes me feel better.
That's pretty reasonable
And he knows Andrews catch radius is gigantic!
tfw your defense is so bad that their most effective play is to literally be so bad that the opposing quarterback thinks it's a trap and plays it extra safe
He has PTSD from not seeing that defender in the pro bowl because of the uniforms
"Reminds me of Hollywood's deep TD against the Jets last season. It looked like Lamar slightly overthrew him, but if you look closely he likely assumed someone was going to be covering him so he put it in the back of the end zone where only he could get it."
[deleted]
a scrambling quarterback gets hurt and you think that of me? No. I am the one who jukes
"""You're... you're Jacksonberg"""
Marquise we need to cook the league!
They call him Heismanberg
"“You’re the AFC Offensive Player of the Week”

“You’re goddamn right”"
Lamar Jackson
is this a fresh meme? this is top-tier
“I liked breaking ankles. I was good at it. I was really.... I was alive”
Happy cake day bro
""
Mark was the one that chased down JK's first touchdown ball after the play to hand it to him because no one else thought to grab it
He doesn’t seem to be bothered by the reduced role either. He’s worth every penny of his contract just to be the teams hype man
There are some guys that I wish were a Raven for their whole career. Ingram just fits so well
"He’s always been a good teammate.  In NO with Kamara, they had a great relationship too.  

He’s a veteran and has $32mill in career earnings.  Wrong age of 30, at a position with a short shelf life, team drafts your replacement in the 2nd round, and he performs well in camp, so the writing is on the wall, why not have fun with it?"
"Mark knows his worth as a player and a leader so he’s not insecure. 

idk where we’d be without him. he brings that energy, love, and camaraderie. no matter what happens to Mark in the future I will always appreciate him. I hope we keep him for as many years as he wants to play, and after that bring him on the coaching staff."
"Ingram may be the most selfless player in the NFL, and he is going to make an amazing coach when his playing days are over. I hope he lands at some mid-tier college and transforms their whole program.

UMBC should start clearing out an office right now."
"This video, Ingram screaming at Mark Andrews to ""make daddy proud"" and Andrews hugging Lamar just give me the feel of such a united and fun locker room"
"I love Ingram, I love Dobbins"
Man the chemistry of this team is off the charts.  God damnit I love it!
I love this team!
"I think it's because he knows his time is coming up to leave the league not next year or the year after. But soon. And he sees this clear stud player and wants him to be great. 

Mark Ingram is essentially taking on the role of mentor. This is his protege. He wants to look back on the career of JK Dobbins and know he played a role in it. Which is awesome. A lot of players dont get that. Like aaron rodgers when he joined. He apparently got a pretty cold shoulder from Farve who was pissed that his replacement was standing on the sidelines when he felt he could still roll for a few years. 

I'm excited for JK. I cannot express how happy I was when we drafted him. I did not expect him to fall to us in the second because hes clear first round talent. Dudes a stud. Gonna be great watching his career. 

I love our locker room culture. They really are a family that act like they love each other. No one is getting jealous if they dont see the ball, they'll to make blocks for the guys that do. That's not common in the nfl. We have a special culture."
I hope he retires a Raven man. I'm a Saints fan too and was too excited when he signed here
non heel Bayley approves of the end of this video
Alex Collins riverdance celebration comes to mind.
Mark seems like the best kind of crazy ass motherfucker
I love Mark so much.
Can you imagine if we had Steve Smith Sr and Mark Ingram on the same team at the same time? It would be mandatory Wired every week
"I dunno, the chemical reaction of combining SSSr with MP24 could implode the universe"
"It was great to see NFL football again this weekend and the Ravens started their season off with a bang against the Cleveland Browns. Listen in for our thoughts on the new faces and our MVPs of the game. Who was your favorite new Raven to see on the field? 

https://ravensrecap.com/38-6-home-cleveland-browns-recap/"
""
"First of many, let's go!"
I've never seen dominance in a sport quite like this before. Maybe Bolt and Phelps? We're living in historic times rn boys
Poor Minshew only had one incompletion and still eclipsed by Lamar.
2**7**5\* Passing Yards
""
This is a great look at how the Ravens can use any tendencies they had in 2019 to their advantage as an offense this year.
""
Ravens vs Seahawks would be an insanely fun matchup this year. Maybe we’ll get to see it in Feb.
"How many times is that now for him. 

I just looked up the list for top 25 for players with the most potw awards. Hes not on it yet, however, Justin Tucker is tied at 17th with 11."
"Man, I remember seeing the “have a day” graphics on IG and always being bummed anout it cuz we sucked and Joe never did shit unless it was 2014. We get that almost weekly with Lamar if not some kind of highlight reel. We’re so lucky to have a QB like him."
I'm a go ahead and assume Justin Tucker is going to be the special teams player of the week every single week they're just not going to give it to him because he's just so damn good it's going to get boring for non Ravens fans
Those NFC awards look straight out of 2013 or something lol
""
"You know the ""but the throw was inaccurate"" comments are coming. 


For anyone who didn't see it, Lamar said he threw it high and away bc he couldn't tell if there was a defender behind Mark."
"My favorite comment on this when it happened was ""oh no, his worst throw was a TD"". I'll take that all day"
This catch was freaking insane.
"Since defensive plays were also included on this list, I feel like the Marlon diving scoop off the Calais tip could've been here also."
That's surprising to me that it's #1.. a lot of better plays. Maybe it's #1 because he was wide open but had to be awesome to make the catch.
A whole lotta woMANDREWS!
[deleted]
I didn’t know I wanted this
This is the best thing ive seen all day
My god this is amazing
""
"Harlan is my favorite announcer. He’s got that classic sportscaster voice and he gets so damn excited every game. 

Can’t wait for him to say “Touch Town, Ravens!”"
"Last time we played the Texans we got Ian Eagle's ""Lamarkable"" call on the run where Lamar shook Mercilus in the backfield and broke like 3 more tackles on a 30+ yard run. I would have loved to hear Harlan call that one though."
[deleted]
Fuck yeah. Love me some Kevin Harlan.
Kevin gave us “Houdini” and “Lamarkable”....he needs to be with the Ravens this entire season.
Kevin Harlan is going to temporarily leave the NBA bubble to call our game??? How kind of him!!
"
Kevin Harlan, Trent Green and Melanie Collins will handle broadcast duties Sunday for Ravens vs. Texans. 

The last time Harlan did a Ravens game on CBS, he got to do play-by-play for this.


***

posted by [@jonas_shaffer](https://twitter.com/jonas_shaffer)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1193616335747469312/vid/480x270/-URE3Z_FLmvPbtRe.mp4?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Ian Eagle and Kevin Harlan would be the best cbs ravens crew imo
[deleted]
Under. It was created 18 years ago.
"In case anyone is curious, it's happened 5 times out of 18.

2008, 2009, 2010, 2017, 2020."
My actual guess would be 5 times in the division's history.
Hammering the over
[deleted]
"Devin Duvernay: 12 yards per catch for his career.

Keenan Allen: 12 yards per catch for his career.

&#x200B;

We really got a stud."
🙄
""
this dude shares a name with plankton from spongebob
"Lamar Jackson was asked if he heard the comment from Browns DL Sheldon Richardson that he wasn't going to turn into Aaron Rodgers over night. Was it fuel?, Jackson was asked. He smirked and said, ""I guess so.""

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Young Sheldon got sonned
[removed]
""
Hahaha homie you funny.
This my new favorite account lol
Baker came right out in his post game and said he has to stop trying to force the play to happen with him because it's just not gonna happen yet
With the trade rumors out I wanted to see how he stacked up against top tier secondaries and well....fax will be fax. The stats don't lie
"With Ohio State announcing they will bring football back this week, Bob Carpenter was asked by Mike Greenberg to rank the 3 QBs in Ohio currently 

Fields 
Burrow 
Baker 

Big yikes 3rd year starter"
I just find it so cringe how Cleveland flamed us and said we had no real QB. It feels so good to see them crash and burn
I swear this sub talks more about the Browns than the Ravens
Let’s switch Darnold and Baker and see what happens lol
I was a fan of his at oklahoma and its kinda sad to see him this far down. Hope he goes somewhere else and gets right. But god damn if this isnt the most cleveland shit of all time
""
"Thank fuck for all the terrible gm’s and coaches that tanked Lamar’s value because of where he is from, how he looks, and how he plays football. They handed Baltimore a golden ticket to the magical factory of great offence, and an even better leader and person. Chris was always a Belee’r. Lamar is going to change the perception of mobile qbs. You look at what Wilson is doing this year, and I have a hard time believing part of opening up his game wasn’t due to him watching Lamar and our system, and asking for a change from their run run pass conservative offence. You see it in the Cardinals and Pats offences too, Lamar is just starting his 3rd year and has already sent a ripple through the NFL, and it is probably just the beginning. Never thought we would have another guy like Ray, but Lamar is that guy. This entire fan base has Rally’d around Lamar, and he is just going to get better and better. The face of our franchise for years to come, and we got him for 2 2nd round picks. I can’t think of anything more magical from Ozzie’s last draft"
"It amazes me how many scouts clearly did not do their jobs when it came to Lamar.

I used to work for a certain worldwide leader in sports - never anything on-air, just background production stuff - and part of that meant being well-versed enough on all major sports, including college football, to be able to produce a show properly. I started paying really close attention to Lamar during his Heisman season after he singlehandedly ended the dominance of Jimbo Fisher's Seminoles, and after his Heisman season I started watching him with the vested interest of someone who knew their team was probably taking a quarterback in the next year or two.

I can forgive most fans for assuming Lamar would struggle in the NFL. If all you saw was Lamar's stat sheet in games where he passed for 180 and ran for 160, some highlight reels that were dominated by Lamar adding to his ankle collection, and the handful of national broadcast games Louisville had where he was a runner more than a thrower, then I 100% get how that plus some shaky throws at the combine could give you that impression. It's perfectly reasonable - even if it was wrong - for a regular viewer to make that assumption.

What is *not* perfectly reasonable is how many people failed to see beyond that assumption who make six and seven figures to specifically do exactly that. The evidence took some digging to find, but it was absolutely there. The growth from 2016 to 2017 as a passer was substantial, and the mechanical and mental improvement from someone who just won the Heisman and had every excuse to take it easy in the offseason was really impressive to me. 

Not only that, but if you watched full games of Louisville instead of just cut-ups, two things became apparent: 

1. Petrino ran a lot of pro-style concepts, so while there were absolutely options and other gadgets, the notion Lamar was illiterate when it came to how NFL offenses worked was laughable.

2. A lot of those runs weren't because Lamar can't throw, they were because the team around him was bad(The only other player from that offense currently starting in the NFL is Geron Christian, LT for the Washington Footballs.), his opponents were very good(The Clemson defenses he played had AJ Terrell, Isaiah Simmons, Dexter Lawrence, Clelin Ferrell, Shaq Lawson, and Christian Wilkins, and those are just the first-rounders. If we expand to ""Starting somewhere in the NFL"" you get about half the team.), and this result of bad team vs. good team meant he didn't have any other options so he had to make magic happen himself. On a lot of those scrambles, he spends a lot of time looking for someone to get open before taking off and running. He didn't run because he was unable to throw, he ran because his targets were unable to get open/his blockers couldn't hold up against an entire NFL first round rushing the passer.

Both of those fly in the face of all the cliches you heard about Lamar coming out of college, and if I could see that as a producer for a sports show, there's no excuse for professional scouts and GMs not to be able to see it when seeing it is their entire job.

That's not to say that Lamar was perfect coming out of college. If he were, then even as much badmouthing from agents as he got wouldn't have pushed him out of the top ten, and we wouldn't have had to turn into Navy's offense in 2018. He was absolutely a work-in-progress as a rookie, and any team that drafted him to start day one would've been asking for failure. It's also not to say that anyone could predict him turning MVP in year two, even as high as I was on him I thought it'd be at least four years before he was anywhere near this level. 

But it is to say that the evidence was there that being an average, startable passer was well within his ability, and the upside from his physical gifts to add onto that meant the sky was the limit on his potential. The fact that so few coaches and GMs managed to see that tells me that either they didn't bother to watch the full game film, or they did and didn't bother to analyze it beyond the surface, which is damning.

***tl;dr*** Lamar was a puzzle that required some work to figure out, but if you put the time in - which you really should do when it is literally your job to do so - then it was clear he was capable of being an NFL QB, and the fact no other team saw that is a damning indictment of 31 other scouting departments that for one reason or another saw a WR when they put on his tape. I remember how loud Simms was about Lamar being a stud that year, shoutout to him for being one of the few people who took the time to figure out that puzzle.

Edit: Apostrophes are hard"
"Link should begin @ 4:20 to hear full segment on BAL.

Also, he didn't call anyone out by name. 'Up your butt, Jobu' is a quote from the movie *Major League*"
It’s hard to imagine his race didn’t play a huge factor into it
"Fans of many, many teams have posted long threads on how they wish THEIR team had drafted Lamar.  Even Pittsburgh.

Tooooooo bad losers.  He is ours and we have lightning in that bottle."
The only media person I truly respect
Who is he talking about?? Joe boone?  Who is that?
"I WAS RIGHT! [I WROTE ABOUT THIS](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/8cokqo/after_this_weird_ptf_article_is_it_fair_to/) around draft time and even suggested that Florio was part of the smear campaign. Agents really convinced owners and GMs out potentially keeping their jobs. WoooOOoOOoww. I'm so upset for Lamar. Calls into question all of the players drafted. If you don't have a top agent, you don't have the connections to a top spot."
Thanks for skipping the video to 5:10 lmao.
[deleted]
"Bring it in, I got you fam"
Lamar's little giggle tho
"I know this is a specific question, but I'm hoping someone has experience with this. I'm wondering if the app will require my location to be on and attempt to block me (or show the local market game where i'll actually be) because I'm technically not in Baltimore even though I have a Baltimore based Xfinity account."
"It’s a 4 pm game on FOX so it should be on regardless of location, that’s the only fox game scheduled for that time"
I have Xfinity and I think FOX is one of the channels on Xfinity Mobile that you cannot view when you are not connected to your home wifi.  I know WJZ is another.
Use the website crackstreams man.. it’s free and pretty good quality
I use NFLbites.com all the time to stream the games (I live in CT). It's free and reliable
""
For what it’s worth Houston didn’t really show great d line play last week aside from JJ Watt
Harbaughs a dirty liar
Jimmy Smith.
I have a feeling Stanley ain’t playing. Need him to be 100% for Washington’s line next week
Sorry if this is a stupid question; but why would Campbell have a veterans day off? I'm sorry if it's ignorant but I genuinely don't know what it means.
""
Boykin gives me lawyer vibes
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/iu1b9t)"
""
Man the comments on that video from texans fans are sad :( I’d feel bad for them if it wasn’t us that was going to kick their ass.
"What we do as fans doesn't matter, but I hope the team is staying sharply focused.  The Texans, like any team, could absolutely beat our ravens if they catch them unfocused.  I'm just a tiny bit afraid some guys may lose that focus given the monumental game lined up for next week."
"Im just happy Watson got his money...I mean, its like a nightmare.
We beat them last year, then play KC in the playoffs, then had to play the champs again Week , and now have to play the more loaded Ravens team this week. Thats brutal"
""
"That seems so strange to me. Even going into the game, when they maybe thought they had a chance to win, there was no hype, no emotion, nothing."
Cuz they know.
Did he dye his hair purple to let us know he’s interested?
"""Be who you are.""

Baker: ""lolz okay"""
"This just confirms what I was thinking during the game, which was ""where is their energy?"" Odel looked completely out of it, as did many others."
[deleted]
That’s a pretty fair ranking tbh. I love the Bank but it’s no Camden Yards - that field is special!
"14th in Atmosphere
13th in Features
T21 in Traditions
14th in Tailgating
15th in Location
7th in Cost
20th in History"
"If we win a Super Bowl, we’re probably going to get another in the near future"
""
Nah i think hes just a fan of green suits (see: draft night)
Nah. Trolling doesn't seem like his style. He's such a chill dude that I don't see him being the kind of guy to make fun of other players.
LJ wore it better
"#HULU HAS LIVE SPORTS!

#BELEE DAT"
"I mean,, it is the same shade of green 😂"
I just realized how poorly made this is lol. Don't hate on me it's my first time
"Whats the other chain he has? He has the african wild dog, and what else?"
Lions don't concern themselves with the opinions of sheep
lol i think baker is tight with hollywood and andrews so i doubt it
"If he was I would simply love it, but Lamar is a very nice kid. He wouldn't do it. Hulu must be kicking themselves for not taking Lamar on as spokesperson. Probably too expensive for them even now. But, soon he'll be way beyond their financial reach because I predict Lamar will have his own sneaker line with one of the top shoe companies like Nike, UA, Reebok, Adidas etc. which is going to be a deal like the ones BB superstars sign. It is coming soon to a TV near you."
Nah...LJ bout to get MINTED!!!
How TF does Baker have more commercials then Lamar lmao.
"Lamar is doing an excellent job of managing his media image and interactions.

I don't think he would bother getting into a mud slinging contest like this."
"I thought he was 😂😂

Why else would he wear a green screen"
would not doubt it
I hope in a few years that necklace head will change to a goat.
""
*dominant
""
"Thanks. I needed this release.

Could you link the post? Would love to read their reactions lol"
">and there is no way in hell Jackson isn’t paying people to work with him in the offseason. 

Last offseason, Jackson worked with 3 QB coaches.  They all stayed in touch with each other to make sure they were not giving conflicting advice.  One of those were provided by the team.  The other two, he sought out on his own."
"I've noticed that Browns fans are by far the worst towards Lamar. Notice how not even Steelers fans talk that much trash about him. 

There's a reason. The Browns fans thought ""Finally, The Flacc Daddy is gone and they have a crappy QB and we have a good one"" 

Unfortunately for them, we just got better."
I mean to compare us to the greatest show on turf after one game is... generous. But I’ll take it 😎
Lol okay which one of you wrote this on their sub
"Ima stop going into opposing team's subs, even after we beat them. Last year it was nothing but ""lAmAr sTiLl LoOkInG RoUgH oN a CoUpLe oF tHoSe PaSsEs."" After we trounce them by some absurd score like 44-2 and Lamar is sitting on the bench the entire 4th quarter. Even in the Browns sub now, after they got absolutely fucking obliterated, there's some very critical comments going into gruesome detail about one of his 5 incompletions lmao.

&#x200B;

""Looks like hes still having the same troubles as last year."" Lmao, great I too hope for another unanimous MVP season."
And the first TD pass wasn’t even an errant throw. Lamar just couldn’t believe Andrews was that wide open.
"When we got the ball back at the end of the half, I think there was less than a minute left. I had no doubt we would score. We take our time when it’s available but we can get chunk plays in a hurry when we need too. It’s amazing."
Hold up this ain’t my throw away porn account
">Lamar is just too good. He didn't care and just ran away. I hate that he's so good :( 

Inject those sorts of comments right into my veins"
"The Ravens didn't progress Lamar, Lamar progressed Lamar. But he's always been great at reading the field. I'm always annoyed when I see people act like he's never done it before. That being said, Lamar always works on shit to get better, it's who he is. In Louisville his jump between freshman to sophomore year as ludicris. I even noticed this last game how damn good he is at screens now, which wasn't the case in Louisville.

 Dude works his tail off and Baltimore has created an environment for all his talents to be fully realized. I hate so many people skipped on him, but I'm damn happy for his career to be on such a supportive team. It makes his hard work shine even brighter."
Just when I thought I couldn't get any more erect
"Don’t move, I’ll get you a towel!"
I am so hard right now
"This is one i found from one of their threads after week 1 game. Only have it now cause i was so amused by it, i sent it to a friend on messenger. 

""Its like a shitty version of Groundhog Day. The Browns sputter out right before halftime. Give Lamar a small amount of time...and of course he scores six with seconds left. 

How the heck has Lamar Jackson become a better pocket passer than Baker Mayfield in the same time frame? I was really stoked two years ago, idiotically believing that long term, the Browns were the only team in the division with a quality QB for future. Pittsburgh has an obese, ageing rapist. The Bengals...LOL. The Ravens...why they got a kid who is going to get his legs snapped the first year and can only run. This has to be the Browns decade! 

Somehow Lamar keeps expanding his game whereas Mayfield...well he certainly does a lot of commercials. I hope he is investing his commercial money as I don't think Mayfield has a future in the NFL as a QB.

How is it that the Ravens can find TE's that can make better catches than OBJ? I don't even want to look up what they cost combined compared to OBJ's contract as I think I will have a stroke out of anger. Have the Ravens ever had a shitty kicker? Billy Cundiff? God I would give my first born to have a kicker of the quality of Billy Cundiff. 

Its like the organizations are polar opposites. HOW DOES CLEVELAND DO THIS EVERY YEAR?!?!

I didn't expect them to win. I expected them to compete and for once show improvement. I just WANT IMPROVEMENT!!!

GOD I HATE THIS TEAM!

Go Browns. I will see you all on Thursday."""
"Oh man that was good 

I need a cigarette now."
Its more fun to respect competition then blindly hate. Ravens vs Chiefs is shaping up to be the Raven-Patriot rivalry of this decade. Its way more fun being a fan of Mahomes because he's the best QB in the league than it is to hate him because I'm a bigger Lamar fan who is still trying to claim that throne himself.
No fucking way this is real 😭
that was so satisfying lmao
keep going I’m close
"Well, looks like I don't have to fire up PH tonight. This will do"
"It's like a poem from Edgar Allen Poe himself. Well written and great analysis. If he is so smart, why is he a Browns fan?"
"That felt great.  That said, it is still far from the greatest show on turf.   (well against the Browns I guess it is. )"
[deleted]
Dude... NSFW tag please... now I'm sitting in this meeting with a growing problem....
i need a new pair of underwear now.
"lordy, that was so satisfying, I totally got there...."
Giggity
Get this fan a beer..🍻! Now thats how you set the record straight!!!
""
Now Jimmy Smiths got a bum hip? Wtf
I wouldn’t be super sad if Ronnie and jimmy sit out against Houston so we can be full strength against KC.
Campbell’s name scared me a little bit ngl!
A few of these are probably just vet day off. It’s Wednesday which is when that usually happens
"I am convinced that Jimmy Smith is on his NBA superstar player time.. Sit most of the season, only play in Key Games + Playoffs."
[deleted]
"
Justin Tucker yelling “STILL FUCKING GOT IT” as he bangs another field goal is such a mood 

***

posted by [@BarstoolBanks](https://twitter.com/BarstoolBanks)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1305197680977678336/pu/vid/480x270/sIGkUcAINrjBCW9j.mp4?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[deleted]
Remember around week 5 last season? When everyone was talking about how amazing and elite the patriots defense was? The same thing is happening with the Steelers right now and I couldn’t be more excited. L FREAKY GONNA EXPOSE THESE FRAUDS
they got RGIII’D all 4 quarters in the final game and lost last year i don’t want to hear anything from them lmao
I’m just going to point out that the giants online is terrible. And tyts from a giants fan who is a friend of mine.
""
*Concern rising*
[me_irl](https://images.app.goo.gl/n5WTUTT32DLPVEWE7)
fuck.
Nm
☹️
Besides Lamar probably the one guy the ravens could least afford to lose.
Damn the pitta special
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-Week-2-picks-ejne76](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-Week-2-picks-ejne76)

of course I have us winning"
""
He is the energy we need to finish off 2020
My favorite fucking live TV swear ever
Not only does he have it.  But I think he took it from literally every other kicker in the league
if we are being honest....he never lost it. Best kicker in the league and it ain't even close.
"
“Still fucking got it” - Justin Tucker 💀  @thesportsontap 

 

***

posted by [@OnTapNFL](https://twitter.com/OnTapNFL)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1305197680977678336/pu/vid/480x270/sIGkUcAINrjBCW9j.mp4?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
He’s still got it
He split it right down the middle after starting it a little left. Just how he envisioned it.
That’s our kicker!
This is the no crowds content I'm here for
"He does in fact, still have it"
Justin Tucker took all of the talent from the rest of the kickers in the league to even more perfect his kicking.
Haha that’s incredible. I didn’t hear that live.
JT9 is the GOAT
I can't wait to hear Marcus Peters this season. Last years game against the Rams was my favorite. You could hear him bullying his old team with fans.
"My son met Tucker a few time this year where he worked, and Tucker was so cool to him. Joked about football asked about where my son went to school, etc. 

All around great guy."
Still fucking GOAT it!
I thought he was talking about Rofo fried chicken.
[new guy](http://ravenswire.usatoday.com/2020/09/16/ravens-sign-te-xavier-grimble-to-practice-squad-with-lb-kristian-welch-hurt/)
Was expecting Billy Bajema.
[removed]
"Uh oh, you friccin moron, you just got GRIMBLED"
"USC boll, that's an okay get"
""
"Well, any time the best Tackle in the game is hurt it’s a cause for concern. Lettuce pray that it’s nothing major"
Campbell took the day off as well I wouldn't read too much into it
"I'm a little nervous.

The drop off from ""best pass-protecting tackle in football"" to ""well below-average backup who probably should be playing guard instead of tackle"" is quite astronomical."
Watt could go wrong if he misses this game?
He’ll be fine
[deleted]
[Fax yo](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EWZ04GkXsAczkzh.jpg)
I wonder why? Also the ravens aren’t doing him any favors by dropping him in coverage. He literally went into coverage more than they let him rush the passer. People hate on him a lot but he can’t get sacks if they don’t let him get after it. And he’s on a tag and won’t be able to put up any film. Sucks for Judon.
Maybe he wants to focus on football and not garbage twitter followers/comments? IG is probably good enough for posting and communicating
"[Yup.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/ihme7f/did_judon_delete_twitter/)

I think he's changing his image, now that he has a kid."
Social Media is an abyss.
"Deleting your twitter account has nothing to do with football. I deleted mine a few months ago too. However you’re right about how much he drops into coverage, doesn’t really help him show his worth as a pass rusher. He’s a damn good all around linebacker though"
People underestimate how valuable he is. Last year our defense was paper thin and *Judon was literally the only pass rusher.* Which meant he was easy to schematically take right out of the equation and he still put up some numbers.
"Probably because of how toxic social media has become, most of the ravens have made their IG accounts private permission for comments and no story replys"
[deleted]
He can't get sacks if he keeps roughing the passer either
They need to turn him loose...Hell we even had Calais drop into coverage...🤷
"Idk if this is the right place to ask, but I recently got a cricut and just wanted to see if anyone had high resolution png files of one/all of our logos. Want to make some custom things and rep the squad.

Sorry if this type of post isn’t allowed, just wanted to check with other fans who are probably ahead of me in the cricut game. Thank you!"
You can use google images and set it to only show high resolution images.
"Just grab a vector logo - resolution is whatever you want it to be, and you can select/edit any element you want (so you can grab just the B).

https://seeklogo.com/vector-logo/196542/baltimore-ravens"
[deleted]
""
It's always the aspect ratio for the old iphones.
Truzzz
""
10-7 playoff record AND a Super Bowl championship. Legend.
Did he even play last weekend?
So you came here to jinx it?
I bought a Sam Koch jersey in 2012. Couldn't be more happy about that investment. #puntersarepeopletoo
""
"https://twitter.com/G0dGiven/status/1305294682793168896

The reaction from the sideline is priceless"
You can hear Marlo just squealing hahahah
It was a big hit but I give Hunt credit for popping right back up
[deleted]
Why are we still talking about the Browns
"Willie Snead is wearing a cleat design this season to honor a college teammate who was shot and killed last year. He opened up about the story, so I wanted to share: [https://www.pennlive.com/baltimore-ravens/2020/09/after-tragedy-baltimore-ravens-willie-snead-pays-homage-to-a-teammate-who-shaped-his-career.html](https://www.pennlive.com/baltimore-ravens/2020/09/after-tragedy-baltimore-ravens-willie-snead-pays-homage-to-a-teammate-who-shaped-his-career.html)"
This team has so many genuinely good people and I love it.
Nice. Thanks for sharing
"Such a random thing, I know. But hey.. they make such weird lists everywhere I thought this was interesting."
""
"> we’re full fledged citizens of Baltimore. We love it here.

I fucking love Justin Tucker."
Hey Bobby did a great job with the interview too! Really nice to listen to.
""
Looks like they spelled imgur perfectly well to me
"Luckily, fb users only ""read"" pictures."
"Can definitely expect a few more cringe worthy captions from the media department.

See ""The Lion King"" from last week."
Imgur.
""
this is sick dude!! good shit
"This almost makes up for stealing our team! 




Almost."
Thanks for the new phone background. This is amazing.
"I was hoping for a high resolution picture of the Mayflower truck with this background.

I'lll take this olive branch though.  Very nice."
Niiiiice
"I like this! 
Can you make one with Lamar Jackson too?"
"Whenever I see a “I’m a ______ fan but I made this” post I normally end up rolling my eyes because people tend to not put in a ton of work for other teams edits.

This however, is a truly amazing wallpaper. Very well done. A+"
This would be a really cool trading card
"Nice job, you may be a colts fan but this is great!"
Dope! Thanks for sharing!
"Would love a Lamar one , Keep up the great work !"
This wallpaper is fucking gassss. I love it
Think you can make one with Lamar?? Love the work!
FIRE
You are a benevolent and loving god and I thank you
"Wow, man. Excellent work. Truly. I didn't expect Mandrews, but I'm all for it. I love our tight ends."
That's really nice
DAAAMN that's badass!!
"I wasn't expecting this level of ""wow"" 

Thank you for sharing your art."
Badass!!
This is dope. Thanks for making it
This is amazing
Wow looks awesome!
Mark the GOAT
Thanks. Best of luck to the Indianapolis Mayflowers this season.
Mark Ingram would be proud if he saw this beautiful artwork of his son.
This is dope!! Puts the wallpaper I made to shame 😂😂
Dope wallpaper dude. Thanks for making it!  Andrews is such a phenomenal TE.
"Damn dude, this is solid. Thanks for making it, so fricking awesome."
"Part of me: that’s really cool 
Other part of me: get the colts fan, he’s a thief.  

Great art work."
@BloomieDesign now do the Mile High Miracle! Pretty please?
"Its cool man. Real nice.

But you are a visitor here and when Colts come to our house, they are only known as Visitors.   We dont use that C word around here."
Colts? They stopped existing in the 80’s.
""
Mark Ingram is a G. Love him to death.
FRESH AS HUGGIES
Love this team.
I love seeing Ingram mentor JK. The week one wired shows how pivotal Ingram is to team chemistry
Mark ingram is the best teammate
"Is ""Turn Me Up"" This year's catchphrase? I'm fully torqued"
Pandemic life got me rough but Mark can never not put a smile on my face.
Cause both their names are Mark but Mark is older!
I don’t care if Ingram is 75 years old. Keep him on the team for the lolz.
Let’s get this lovely man a ring. Operation Ringram 2k20
1:51 is some hydrohomies shit going on
“Ohhhhh you strong”
"J-U-ICE!!! Lmfao so great, this guy's gonna be on tv or somethin in the future for damn sure"
"Hey /u/nfl, can we do our pyrotechnics during pregame in 2021, again?   Or did Texas mess that up forever?"
That’s some high quality H20
That’s high quality.
Ingram is everything you want in a teammate
"I'm gonna be pissed when we lose Mandrews, but I think him and Zeuz Jr. are the odd men out in terms of who we re-sign."
""
Someone photoshop Odell under him
Why did you pick this picture lol
"i'm just glad we spoiled the Browns chance of improving on their best season start since 2018, when they went undefeated in week 1 with a record of 0-0-1."
Even cooler is the 164-19 point differential in our last 4 season openers
"I'm loving all the talk of Baker not being good enough or smart enough, and needing to be replaced."
The Browns stat of how many openers they have won in the last 16 years is more impressive to me.
""
":(

It’s hard to argue with, he deserves it. He’s much better than Tunsil. 

But also, fuck"
"Stanley’s deal is a forgone conclusion at this point. Besides Lamar, the most important guy on the team is the one who protects his blindside. Pay that man his money!"
"We can and will do it, if the chiefs and the Rams can afford to pay all their players, so will we. It’ll be even easier with Earl gone too"
He deserves it and I have faith in Big Dick DeCosta to figure out a way to give it to him.
"How can every position keep getting paid more and more? TE, CB, QB, among others, at some point the market has to stop getting reset"
"It’s frustrating—I think we made a mistake not getting his deal done before Tunsil. Maybe Stanley wasn’t willing to negotiate until Tunsil’s deal got done, but it feels like we’ve painted ourselves in a corner now."
"I know we’re in good shape next year for the salary cap, but damn we’re still going to have a hard time paying everyone."
"Give him on of those 10 year contracts with a lot garuanteed. Maybe he'll take a discount lol. 

But seriously, his cap hit is already like 13 mil, an extra 10 won't hurt too much. Hopefully he's not trying to be greedy."
Well deserved
Justified.
Pay that man!!
""
[removed]
Oh my...
""
Just shot you a pm
""
Where to cop?
Woot wooooooot!!!
I need this shirt lmao
"Here y’all go. They have them in all colors 

https://twofaceapparel.bigcartel.com"
"Such a classy shirt, do they ship to the Netherlands?  Hahaha"
"Is it unpopular to believe Deshaun Watson does not belong in the same group as Mahomes, Wilson, and Lamar? I think he's an athletic and unique talent but I don't think he's transcendent like the other three. His praise and glory reminds me of Matt Ryan's in his prime. Treated as golden when he's silver at best, and when he doesn't succeed it's always because of everything around him. Meanwhile, Lamar has to prove himself weekly and does. Maybe it's me."
"Think you meant Wilson and not Watson in that first sentence. But yes I agree. He looked pretty just okay in the opener. Great athlete no doubt, but not a great quarterback yet. But his O Line has never been good for him"
Yea  it definitely isn’t unpopular.  I think most would agree Watson is a step below Mahomes/Wilson/Lamar.
"He’s great when he has an all star cast around him, but it’s becoming clear that without top tier players, his offense is not that good. Feel like Lamar could step in there and just take over and still make plays in all facets on offense"
"It was interesting to see that according to Mike Sando's QB Tier list, NFL coaches and executives still rate Watson over Jackson. 

It seems like Watson's issues get excused by his sub-par coaching and team, while Jackson's accomplishments get excused by good coaching and his athletic talents. 

For the record, I like Watson but Lamar is clearly ahead of him."
I think he’s good but not great. I also think he has boneheads for coaches and a FO that isn’t doing him any favors by trading away one of the best WRs in the NFL in his prime for an injury prone RB who has seen his best years behind him
We still haven't seen what Watson does in a season without Hopkins who is probably the best WR in the league. I think he is being overrated by many and you need to consider his lone playoff win to be a fluke since Josh Allen basically gifted them the game. But of course the agenda will be Bill O'Brien is the one holding him back when he will play bad.
"I think Watson is limited by his team and coaching. Not as good as Lamar and Mahomes, but I bet if he's in Reid's offense he would be in the same tier."
"I dont think its unpopular here, and maybe mixed with other subs. He's a good QB, dont get me wrong, but I agree, I wouldnt put him anywhere near Mahomes, Wilson, or Jackson. 

I think this year without Hopkins will really tell how good he really is."
"I agree, it doesn’t make a lot of sense to me. He is clearly talented, but he hasn’t been able to put it together on a consistent basis the way the others in the group you listed have. I don’t understand the love and money he has gotten."
tbf to him I think he was totally unprotected behind that line last year. Plus his HC is awful.
"Ive been a fan of watson since he was at clemson and believe he could be maybe just below lamar and mahomes if he was in a different situation. Lamar and mahomes have taken their teams to a new level and deshaun hasnt, but he does have by far and fucking away the worst coach and front office of the 3"
"I think he’s good, but not great. He could’ve been much better by now if he had a better coaching and weapons around him. He probably could’ve been as hot as Lamar in a system that’s more designed around him, but I’m not sure Houston has the brain trust to figure that out."
"I think it’s about to become more and more popular. I don’t think he’s as good and he’s always had stacked talent, now his boy Hopkins is gone"
Watson does deserve to be in that group
"I dont think hes put into those conversations because of talent. 

I think hes there (for the most part) because along with Lamar and Patty hes part of the next generation of QBs.

Drew Brees to their Brady v Manning if you will. not the best example but I do think he'll have some success"
"Absolutely disagree. Watson is amazing. The Texans have allowed so many QB hits and Sacks in the past 3+ years, I think even the best of QBs would struggle behind it"
"This isn't unpopular I don't think.

What's unpopular is taking it a step further and saying that he doesn't even belong in that next tier and without Hopkins he doesn't really offer much than slightly above average play.

Obviously thats yet to be proven but it's been my thought since his rookie year. He has gotten bailed out on so many bad throws by Hopkins. Until I see him do it without Hopkins I can't in good conscience rank him above or in line with the likes of Rodgers, Brees, Brady, Tannehill, Dak, or whoever else you may put on that next tier down after the top 3."
I like Watson and think he is a great QB on that level. Very talented and often creates something from nothing. Hard to succeed with a bad o-line and BoB. Even with those obstacles they should've beat KC last year in the playoffs. Completely choked that game away. I feel bad for him if anything. How do you give Hopkins away for peanuts and then spend that money on cooks and Johnson. Just abysmal FO decisions
I blame it on BoB
Yes it's unpopular because it's wrong and a dumb opinion.
"He reminds me a lot of early-career Andrew Luck. People would act like he's the new face of the league, but he's only better-than-average.

Watson has a ton of potential, but potential doesn't make you elite."
""
I dig it
Post this to some of the NFL meme subs and it’ll do well. Good work.
🎵The circle of life🎵
This is incredible.
Great work! I’m sorry the talents of your quarterback and your fan base are being squandered by the BoB era my friend. Wish you better days ahead
"This is great, we can only hope it will be this easy"
"All memes aside, what subject is this? Anthropology and human origins is a topic that I’ve always been interested in"
What the hell is this format. It’s dank af
"Jeez guys. That's ruthless. A+

As a seahawks fan, I'm getting a little triggered watching y'all collapse that pocket on Watson over and over."
"A thing of beauty 

Thanks"
lol
Quality content
Dark and macabre but I like it.
""
i would put ingram at rb2 and start snead at flex for the best chance of winning
Rip bye week
Lmao uou’re 1-0 🤣🤣🤣
Hokie flock baby
fuck the haters this rules
Hey! Another Tech fan too! love it
no offense but that fantasy team is terrible
U winning today
The sad part is this is actually better than a lot of y’all haters teams😂
Wait... so who’d you take in the first round then cause hopefully it wasn’t Lamar lmao
"I thought I was too much of a homer with Jackson, Tucker, and our D!"
Guess you’re conceding the bye week
Terrible lineup
I will clap and maybe even say “Yes” if they do so.
Yes
I want Mark Andrews to score a touchdown.
"Clap? Do you mean Applause (n, approval or praise expressed by clapping) ?"
I believe Lord Baltimore's Ravens will win the American Football game against Sam Houston's Texans
Clap clap
I concur.
""
i’m too used to ravens past. i was waiting for a loss every game of the 12 game win streak
Nah this team is driven they aren’t gonna be listening to any talking heads on TV
"Yes, but I'm superstitious and weak."
"I’m still nervous for every game, tbh. The anxiety keeps me humble 🙃"
"Nah I think I'm done being nervous in the regular season. We finally have a team capable of carrying the load on both sides (if the defense sucks Lamar can easily hang 30+ on this team, if the offense is stalling I can see the defense containing Watson).

The annoying part is we could win this game 27-17 and analysts would start asking 'Are the Ravens starting to slip' lol."
"No. In the short run, any NFL team is dangerous, the games are notoriously flukey, and everything could come together either against us or for us. But in the long run the Ravens are a championship-quality team."
"It's always good to be a little nervous about teams like the Texans. Teams that aren't flat out bad, and that have the capability to surprise you. Like, they have talent, and that talent can show up for any given game, but the coaches can't make it gel from week to week.

That being said, I think our D is gonna feast on that O-line."
Could be a close game or could be a shutout.
Some analysts are predicting this to be close. Stephen A and Mike Vick even called for the Texans to win
I’m always nervous. No matter how good we looked last week I have ptsd from the boller days and Flacco’s inconsistency days.
Hell no im predicting that too cuz its happening
Nope
"10-7, both lines lookn suspect for the Ravens so far."
"I’m nervous because ofc I want this team to win, but I also don’t want Watson and Watt to start off 0-2. Deshaun is amazing, I just don’t know why he had to face two of the best teams in the league in back to back weeks. 

I just want a close game, regardless who wins"
""
You do realize the Monstars lose right?
Tight
I like this
"I have an obligation today so I can't watch live. So I want to attempt to not look at my phone or any other news until a few hours later, and hopefully find a source of a recorded broadcast. Any ideas where online might have the game? I'm out of market fwiw."
Get a trial of youtube tv and record it.
"Google NFLfullhd up same night if not day after
Edit: i watched last game 5 hours after kick off on this site."
Lamar Jackson
You mean the corner cut from the jets? This is a ravens sub lol.
Lamar fast go vroom
I love Lamar but hate posts like these
Lamar Jackson
Fast
4 tds today
I have a suspicion that he will be the ravens quarterback today
#
**Belee**
Lamar Jackson
Yes
LAMAR JACKSON
Jamar Lackson
[deleted]
I used a VPN and it worked for me
"I can't access [this gem](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/dysvjd/week_13_1998_jim_harbaugh_priest_holmes_lead/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share), either."
""
This is art.
Straight Art...IYKYK
""
Nice whiskers.
Adorable cat!! Game face on indeed
Cool cat.
""
"The audio is great.

“You gotta stop fuckin with those big guys man.”

“That was Ray”

“I know”

“I thought I could hit him. I tried to blindside Ray... he ran me over”"
"ochocinco telling the story of getting absolutely laid out by ray lewis (from a different game, week 5 of 2009) is still one of the funniest things i've ever seen. i almost couldn't find a link online anymore, but thankfully i had shared it in an e-mail in 2012 and it still works

the hit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpVvmATPi2w

the explanation: http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/2347561/highlight/96978"
Ray said “Take a seat.”
"Chad was great. 
Very funny."
""
I am sticking with DJ Fluker.
"Living in Galveston, my 1st chance to see the Llama MVP in person and i can't"
My wife and I were going to fly down for this one.
True but at least you get to live in Galveston.
[deleted]
"Someone had to make it.  Obviously we are all Bronco fans today, who else are you rooting for?  I personally hope LA destroys the Eagles."
"Let’s just all get into a prayer circle and hope every Raven makes it out healthy. Cause the NFL reaper has already gotten Solomon Thomas/Nick Bosa/Jimmy G, Drew Lock, and Saquon so far."
Steelers looking like 🗑 against the fairly anemic Bronco’s defense.
Take my all of my energy Denver.
The NFC East is looking like absolute trash to start the season. Good news for us
"Bosa out 

That sucks"
I’m starting to get very scared with all these injuries happening
"The Broncos are awful. Badly coached, horrible QBs, best player out injured."
Let’s go Hurst
The rams are legit this year
Fuck the Steelers
Good to see hayden hurst get a td
Dallas lol
NFC east making every team in the league a championship contender team lol
broncos some straight ass
Mark Andrews has the same amount of TDs as the New York Jets this season
Steelers choking
Go...Jags?   Sure why not:  Go Jaguars!
So many injuries so far
daniel jones looks bad. this giants bears game is producing some ugly injuries. saquon out. montgomery fell on his neck
Fuckkk not Bershad Perriman too...
Absolutely horrendous everybody’s hurt right now
Having backup good  QB is absolutely something every team needs. Feels so bad for Denver.
"Wow Dalton is in for Dallas

Dak is back"
"Pringle?
Are Pringle's a sponsor?"
For Ravens fans who want to chat with other homers about our rivals game while waiting for our game
"""I've seen better hands on a clock.""

That's a good line."
Steelers barely win against Broncos practice squad. Bodes well
Lol wtf is this offense. Run the ball on 2nd and 23 and still lose yards. Then a checkdown on 3rd and 25. I thought these guys were supposed to be better off without the elite dragon?
"Lock got blasted, yikes"
"Did anyone else hear that?

WTF was that?"
"Yeah I'm switching to the lions Packers game. Drew lock is out, Juedy got speared, this game is done."
What a joke of a penalty.
Steelers return guy is dangerous.
\#23 single handedly losing this game for the Bronco's.
""
"Good boy, no bad boy"
Our boy Hayden Hurst just scored his first touchdown as part of the falcons. I’m proud!! 😢✊🏾
He making my fantasy team scary
"Hey there fellow Atlanta Ravens fan! 
So happy for Hayden. I really liked him. Almost bought his jersey. Well, those new ATL jerseys are pretty tight so maybe I’ll pick one of those up"
[deleted]
"Jim Rome said that Kyler Murray is a more explosive runner than Lamar....


People are crazy 😂"
"Kyler is a great runner. Should probably run more often. But the stratosphere that Lamar is in running the ball is different. Kyler is lightning. Lamar is a fucking nuke running the ball. Just fucks everything up. Your eyes, ankles, soul, etc"
I didnt know jim rome was still alive 😂😂
It’s Jim Rome. Dudes a clown
what the hell is wrong with people
"Well, his runs are more explosive but thats because his runs are almost exclusively scrambles. These will inherently be bigger than designed runs. 

HOWEVER, Lamar is still more explosive. But I can see why someone would say that about Murray's running."
"Now Lamar isn’t running enough, you say?"
"He just seems more explosive because he has shorter legs and therefore sorter strides. Makes him look SUPER fast! 

Lamar with his longer strides just looks like he's almost coasting as he's running (IE look at Randy Moss)"
"This season sure. Overall, no way in hell. Lamar hasn’t really gotten it going yet on the ground. But I think that’s mostly by design. Teams are terrified of him gashing them for big gains so it’s been a huge part of their game plan. But this offseason he focused on getting better at passing so he doesn’t always have to do that and so far it’s paying off."
I guess by some measures he arguably might be. I feel like he can hit zero to sixty in a straight line a little quicker maybe. But he’s nowhere near as elusive and doesn’t have the same change of direction as Lamar does.
"Maybe, but Lamar’s vision and elusiveness is the best a qb’s EVER had."
even if true it only means they are both explosive af
"Everyone just flocks to the new shiny thing. 🙄

They’re both awesome, but Murray isn’t the open field runner that Lamar is."
If you compared him to last year Lamar than you're absolutely right. Something about this year tho (granted only 2 games) where he just hasn't been running at the same level as last year.
Rome is a very excitable dude.
"Explosive runner? Lamar wins.

Explosive offense? Sorry guys, but Kyler has insane receiving weapons and a pretty good RB too."
"Seems like the lack of pre-season games/contact may be catching up to some teams with the insane amount of injuries today. Hope everyone on both teams, both sides of the ball can come out of today’s game fully healthy."
"Don’t go on r/NFL today y’all, it’s looking like an obituary page in a newspaper"
 shoot tavon young is injured you jinxed us
You jinxed us
Amen to that!  Lots of casualties around the league so far today.  No more!
RIP Tavon hype
"Let's us pray, ya'll"
"Yeahhh I'd rather lose than win but take as many injuries as the Niners have today. (That would be essentially if we lost Lamar, Dobbins, and Judon in one half.)"
Bless the knees!!!
Aged poorly
""
He is about as wide open as my relationship status... Jeebus
He played really good. Well at least until that onside kick.....
I cheered so hard!
It's only been two games but he's really breaking out this year. Good for him.
THOR
And in the immortal words of Bart Scott...
"Good. 
This Steelers game is boring AF"
""
Those kicks are clean. Might have to cop me a pair
This assures victory.
I copped those kicks when they dropped a couple months ago specifically for Sundays at the Bank. They’re cleaner w/ white laces.
Fucking love the Jords. Wish I could get me a pair
drip-drip-drip
"I bought my black LJ jersey just in time for last year's game vs the Seahawks...we've only had one loss when I wore that on game day.

I got a Color Rush one now, so I'm passing on the luck of the black jersey to you!!"
"Love those kicks, too"
Shoes 🔥
Yoooo that is siick
Where did you get those shoes my dude?
Hype!
Sick kicks
""
Dumpster fire.
Lol why am I not suprised
It's Ravens gameday and we're still talking about the Browns smh
...
Someone needs to tell advertisers it's honestly OK to have a football commercial without Baker in it.
"Texans: We need a stop to get Deshaun the ball back.

Ingram: 

#HAHA BIG TRUZZ GO WEEEEEEEE"
Someone gets ejected and no one considers showing a replay?
PlEaSe cHaNgE tHe GaMe ClOcK tO 4 sEcOnDs BeCaUsE a PlAyEr ThRaShEd aRoUnD lIkE a 5 YeAr OlD
We need some typa Marlon play rn. A pick or a forced fumble something man. D needs to wake up
I haven't seen the ravens make an interception like that since Ed Reed
AGAIN EARL WHO
Wait you can have a first possession without a TD??
Thank god we have so many doctors in this thread
Tavon Young is the Michael Campanaro of Cornerbacks
Lamar looks mad. He's gonna scorch these guys
What the fuck is this western cat commercial lmao
"matt ""almost"" judon"
"This team was going to play us hard from the start. We’re in their house and we embarrassed them in ours last year. I still feel good about our chances, but we can’t give up big plays like the Cooks catch."
I swear judon busts through the line like a madman once every ten plays and then just totally whiffs.
What the hell the refs literally giving the Texans time?
You guys are ridiculous. That was a bs penalty on Averrett. The refs gifted them that drive.
"“What happened to Will Fuller”

Marlon fuckin’ Humphrey is what happened"
"Gotta admit, last year spoiled us. Up 13 on the road against a playoff team and we’re griping. 

Still, feels like this team should be playing better."
"✔ big bois

✖ little bois"
"Line is low key horrible today. If we had Flacco, he would have been sacked four times that drive, and it wouldn't have even been his fault."
"BAL: 20.   
HOU: 7.   
Refs: 3."
Queen just jumping ontop the dog pile lol
This is a road game.  Ugly win is a good win.
It feels weird being up 17 and still not feeling totally satisfied. This team is so good
I feel like we just sleepwalked into 30 points.
Woke up at 3am for this game. Totally worth it
"Off topic but Good God:

 [**Andy Slater**@AndySlater](https://twitter.com/AndySlater)·[16m](https://twitter.com/AndySlater/status/1307815134111379456)Sad news to report. Patriots' RB James White's father was in a car crash today and did not survive. His mother was also in the car and is in critical condition.  White's father, Tyrone, was a captain with the Miami-Dade Police Department.  James was told and is inactive tonight."
I know I’m spoiled when they score over 30 and I still feel the performance was middling.
"Have a great day from down under Ravens Flock!

Enjoy the win and sleep well!

BIG FUCKING TRUSS BOYS"
I'm really happy about that TD but I this Tavon Young injury really killed the mood for me
"What a freakin INT dude, can you guys believe the Rams traded that man to us? How fucking stupid"
The LJ stands for Lamar Jackson Fort
Judon needs to step up if he wants to get paid
Kung Fu Ingram is my favorite Ingram.
no one deserves it more than ingram. an unselfish player who has been the heart of this team.
"OK, Deshon Elliot HAS arrived!!"
"anybody want to clue me in on what he did 

looking at u announcers"
"> discussion about last year's playoff game

And I was having such a great time"
Yanda you’re gonna have to start eating again my dawg
Why aren’t they replacing Averett with Jimmy Smith?
"I'm the Joker, baybeeee"
"Ravens: All right we’re done 

JK LOL"
Refs must be on DraftKings
That shot of Watson on the sideline.........
Sam Koch has the easiest job in the NFL
The Texans fucked up doing that. Their defense was playing well and now they just gave us momentum and good field position
HOW THE FUCK DO THE REFS ADD 3 SECONDS ON THE CLOCK WITH NO FLAG AND NO TIME OUT WHAT THE FUCK
ADMINISTRATIVE FAILURE? LOLOLOL
WILL SOMEONE PLEASE BLOCK FOR FUCKING LAMAR
Justin reid just caused us a missed highlight forever
We scored 33 and you can tell Lamar is gonna be hard on himself
Prayers that Tavon doesn’t have a serious injury.
Lamar bout to go off after not liking the ending to that drive
"The o line looks like shit 

-Signed Ravens fan since 96’"
I love Tucker but I hate field goals
Where the hell is JK Dobbins
Calais Campbell is built like all of my rpg characters
The Texans are a lucky bunch being forced to play the Chiefs and Ravens back-to-back
what happened to their main target? he's getting locked up by some all pros on defense
Queen just jumping on top of the pile lol
lmaoo that split second when peters was confused what to do with the INT
Run and pass blocking have been shit both games so far. Very concerning
We missing Yanda big time
Do we have any more 5th round picks to trade for a Nickle corner?
Missing Tavon already
Anyone see Queen just YEET his way on top of the pile? 😂
"I get that we all want the game in hand but overall it’s been a well played game against a playoff team

We’re not just gonna dick down every team we play"
When he started kicking the Texans logo 😂😂😂
it's hilarious how a couple of years ago I would've been stoked on scoring 33 pts but today I feel like our offense was a little off haha
33-16 blowout and the ravens could've played even better.
I'm glad kc won because I dont see mahomes losing twice
still fucking got it
Quick someone feed yanda before we get the ball back
Touchdown on this drive ends the game
OFFENSIVE LINE YOU SON OF A BITCH IM IN
YOU FRICCIN MORONS. YOU JUST GOT GRAMMED!!!
"Hey I don’t know about you guys, but I’m rooting for the ravens!"
Gif request: Mark Ingram punching then round housing the Texans logo in the back of the end zone.
are we all watching this cat commercial? i can never unsee that.
That pass to Brown was the first one I've seen Jackson actually miss all year
oh my god! that is one of the best interceptions I've ever seen
Daily reminder we turned a kicker and Kenny Young into Marcus Peters
I didn't see anything on Averett.  Weak call IMO.
"That was such a stupid penalty on Averret.  Doesn't even make sense, stills ran into him"
Ravens not up by 30 at the half? We must be gunning for that #1 pick next year
Houston isn't as bad as the week 1 game would make you believe.
"Chiefs are loosing to the chargers 

Let’s gooo"
Harbs saw Hollywood spamming the wildcat on Madden
Big Trusssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
And they said Ingram is washed 🤡🤡🤡
NO LITTLE BOY
"Alright boys let’s not get cute with it, let’s run it down their goddamn throats"
THROBBIN FOR DOBBINS
That looked very 27-ish.
"The line actually looks horribe rn, thank god for lamar tho"
"Positives: controlling the TOP 

Negatives: The O-line needs to do better: Lamar shouldn’t have to scramble this much"
"7 pass attempts, 5 rush attempts for lamar. 1 rushing attempt by the runningbacks combined."
"It's not fun ending a drive with Tucker, but it's damned good knowing he's there."
"Can we talk about the fucking SWAGGER of Don Wink? Mullet, big belly, sleeveless shirts. He’s basically a cooler version of everybody’s dad"
Dumb dumb call by Texans to go for it on 4th
Funny a TikTok ad on the day that TikTok is being pulled in the US
Still want to say Judon is just not worth the price. We need real pass rush
Bruh Hollywood looking like an alien with that big ass helmet 😂😂 that’s our guy
Tucker's gotta be in on a fake FG someday... Koch to Tucker for a TD. C'mon Harbaugh
Man Lamar had green infront of him
Take your credit dude who called the Marlon punch
It doesn’t matter which LJ it is they all score TDs
How is Marlon Humphrey just *so* good when it comes to ripping the football out of the opponent's hands? It's a form of artwork at this point!
Let’s get a MP pick or Elliott pick here
Thank you Vedvik for Marcus Peters
"This sub:

Texans score - we are trash, we blow, we need this, we need that. 

Defense Steps up - OMG, WE ARE THR BEST, I LOVE THIS DEFENSE, WE ARE THE BEST EVER SINCE THE 2000 Defense!!!! oMG OMG OMG

I've missed you all."
Weak penalty
Yoooo this is sus from the refs lol
ADMINISTRATIVE FAILURE MY ASS
"So wait, they just give you extra time if you complain?

What is this Brady era New England?"
"That shit on averett is illegal contact but that isnt a penalty ""defending"" andrews.."
"woof wide open 30 yards downfield, lucky Watson missed."
Get averett out of the fucking game
"Biden, what is your plan if young is out for significant time???"
"Don’t know if it’s the DoorDash sushi or not, but I have a funny feeling in my gut"
The roundhouse kick is epic
That's a big boy run
HAHAHAHA FUCK YOU EARL 🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼
"It’s ok, Watson. We’ll all be your fans next week!"
"Mom, Can we get Ed Reed (20)? 

Mom: We have Ed Reed (20) at home. 

Ed Reed at home: Reid, 21, Houston Texans"
"Since I’m watching from Holland, I’m going to bed happy. Very, very happy! No big injuries (hope Young is okay), another W. All good here! 💪"
>I see you @ChuckC36 . Way to lead them king. Proud of my guys! - @_tonyjefferson
"excuse me i'm the most happy that we're in the lamar era but can we cool it with the joe flacco slander in this thread. 

some of us were actually fans before 2019 lol"
Lmaoooo our fan base is so spoiled.
It’s crazy how Lamar was absolutely surrounded by defenders yet looked completely calm
Wanted 7 but I'll take the 3
We are doing alright but what's with the lack of RB runs?
oline looking like hot garbage so far
">Pat Ricard has twice as many career touchdown catches as Nick Boyle. Poor, poor Nick Boyle. - @ryanmink"
The inability to get consistent pressure on the QB is really becoming a liability.
Man we need to start making some of those sacks. Great catch by Fells on fairly good coverage by Levine
Lamar had plenty of space in front of him
FRUIT PUNCH
Fruit PUNCH
That's a td baby let's go!
Pay Marlon yesterday lol what a play from our All Pro CB
That was one of the nastiest ints I've ever seen.
Marcus “Marcus Peters” Peters
Every play is a fucking highlight reel. WHAT A PICK by Peters. Rams fans are sooooo dumb for saying he wasnt good.
That was one of the best interceptions I've ever seen
O-Line is a BIG Concern and Stanley is hurt again? Shit.
Losing Yanda is already looking huge for us...
Bullshit penalty then stopping the clock and adding time? What the fuck is this officiating
That gets called PI 99% of the time
Bro wtf is Ray doing in that picture 😂😂
Avarett is straight up trash and they know it
"After two weeks, I'm not mad we didn't drop bank on Judon."
Ya'll act like nobody is ever going to get a completion against us.
"Hey, Fuck Pittsburgh.  Amirite?"
TD along with a roundhouse that would make Chuck Norris proud!
I am so fucking gay for Mark Ingram III idgaf what anyone says
You just lost to Mark Ingram at QB.😂🤣
Also what a block by Mekari
[deleted]
"Big brain move from Harbaugh.

- If you lose the challenge, you lose the timeout you probably would've used anyway to regroup before, basically, a game-deciding call.
- The time the ref will be under the hood will almost certainly be more time than a normal timeout.
- You can luck out and pick up the first!"
Did y’all see what happened? I didn’t see a replay.
I definitely feel like Lamar was grumpy today 😂
Kinda wish we'd let Lamar get a TD there somehow. 😂
Dobbins said fuck yo defence
I like the call to Hollywood but maybe they could have disguised it better. Regardless nice tackle by the Texans defender
Lamar got us 3 points there. Evaded like 4 sacks.
Ok guys time to put RGIII in
FOH with these tik tok commercials
Lamar said 😐
Lamar looked bored af on the bench
LAMAR in a commercial!!!
Fun fact: Lamar is 9/10 right now
They're just targeting Anthony levine since the tavon young injury
Deshon Elliot is a work in progress right now
"Okay, now get some defense.  I want a turnover."
"Good lord, Tucker's kick couldn't have been more on center."
That’s a touchdown
Who called for the marlo Play lol
"I'm sorry, 15 straight games with a takeaway? Is this even legal?"
Peters is an absolute fucking chad
Deshaun looked like he wanted to break that surface lol
This fucking interior O line is hot garbage
Refs gifting the Texans 3 points is pathetic
"Nice drive, refs"
What fucking garbage refs spotting the Texans up the field there and even giving them time to get a FG
I think we downplayed the loss of Yanda
The O-line is booboo tiddy fuck today
PIT/KC going to feast on our Oline if we don’t get it worked out.
Brown is straight up getting over powered at the LOS. He gets knocked back 2-3 yards instantly.
Yall acting like OBJ is not playing against JJ fucking Watt
Averett looking like Chykie Brown
LJ jumped on the pile😂
[deleted]
8 minute drive needed here
"What’s it like to root for a good team? 

-sad nyj fan"
YES. The truss is STILL enormous.
At first i thought it was lamar that took it then i was like why is he not running way faster lmao
Big Trusssssssss
THATS MY RUNNINGBACK
MI2 going fucking mauy thai on the logo is the funniest shit I have seen today lmao
Earl who?
I love this team.
I just want a Lamar bomb to the endzone and im good
CBS show some god damn replays. What the fuck?
Grumpy Lamar gonna stunt next week
Tuck is definately happy today
Shoutout to Jimmy smith for not hearing his name at all today
I don’t deserve this. What did I do in my life to deserve being this happy every Sunday?
JK has such a bright future
I like Dobbins. I just think he's neat 🙂
DOBBINS IS FUCKING LEGIT
"That Dobbins run is gonna make it look like we curbstomped the Texans with the run game today when that's not exactly the story, lol."
Its funny to see players on the other team surrounding lamar after the game. They are such big fans of him 😂
Man fuck all these injuries today. Wtf.
slay kweeeeeen slayyyyyyyy
"Tough time for his first bad throw, I think he had the TD"
The sound of the ball being kicked in an empty stadium is so satisfying
lamar has to take the space and get the easy first down. I know going for TDs is nice but on 3rd you gotta secure the first
3 man rush lamar should have scrambled that time
Marlon the most underrated defensive player In the game. No one even acknowledges it
It looks like LJ got in
Marlo and punching the ball out. Name a more iconic duo
"[Marlon's new sponsorship deal](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/819OuxQ09ZL._SX425_PIbundle-4,TopRight,0,0_AA425SH20_.jpg)"
Not the LJ who I thought would score today but I’ll take it
"Fort isn't a HOFer. And he may not be on the Ravens all that long, but fuck if he's not a great story and an awesome pickup. Love that guy."
LJ + LJ = SB LV
"Somewhere, Ed Reed is smiling"
"Yeah, Marlo and Marcus are going All-Pro again."
I love MP JUICEMAN
"Marshall yanda if you’re listening, if Jesus can come back from the dead you can come back to play in the NFL. Marshall pls"
Refs are babying Texans
Holy fuck they're really trying to get Houston back in this game.
"Move Marlo into the slot, Jimmy & Peters to the outside? 3 best corners on the field like last year. Don’t want to see Averett out there."
Late to the party but wtf was that illegal contact call? Why didn’t the refs just give them 3pts
I don’t like how Much Lamar is getting hit in the pocket so far this season. PROTECT THE FRANCHISE
"Honestly thank god for the LJ fort TD...otherwise this would be an uncomfortable 13-10 lead.

We get the ball at the start of the half. Keep up the faith, Flock."
Harbaugh: mask tastes good 😂
Thank God for Tucker... where would we be without him?
averett stinks but that was a hell of a throw by deshaun
Get averetts trash ass off the field fuck
"Trade or sign another CB, Averrett cannot play"
Bench Averett play Jimmy
"Offense needs to turn it up a bit. Defense is going to be a little gassed, long drive."
"[Jesus Christ, I had no idea Fairbairn was this good. ](https://i.imgur.com/rpMyI2y.jpg)"
I was wondering why Lamar looked so slow until I saw the 2-1 on the jersey
[deleted]
Ingram: HELL YEAH COACH LETS GO FOR IT
"We all feeling a little anxious with the game, acting like 30pts aint our base line😎😎😎"
Stanley isn't known as a run blocker but holy crap was that great
Where are all the 'GreG RomAn is TrYing to Be tOo cUtE' comments?
# BIG TRUSS NO LITTLE TRUSS
Why is Ingram always physically abusive to opposing teams' logos lmao
BIG RB. NO LIL RB.
Team looks inconsistent asf and we still drop 38 & 30 SCARY
"Mahomes is 13/28. 

wat"
I sprinkled the old bay on my natty right before that drive. Good luck charm? I think so.
Tavon Young’s injury is gonna be a hit to the secondary 😭
Love that Harbs trusts Lamar.
I’m a little disappointed with how little we’ve run Ingram tbh.
"SHOW THE REPLAY OF THE DQ

why is the broadcast so bad about showing replays today"
When’s the last time Tucker kicked 4+ FGs
Really puts into perspective how fucking incredible our team is that I somehow feel disappointed with today’s game 🤣
DOBBINS! only if you could broke that off for a td. 🤣🤣
DOBBY IS FREE
Pick your poison of which RB you want to fuck you up
Wannabe Lamar runs to get wannabe Tucker in position for chipshot field goal
Wonder how some of you fairweathers would've handled the Flacco regime lmao
why do i even come to this thread when we're not winning by 40.
"The ravens didn't finish with 200 yards rushing


>!JK YOU FRICKEN MORON!<"
Important to remember we are probably the best Offense in the league. Every team is going to bring their best effort each week. Lamar making good decisions today. o line needs to give him more time.
"Don't forget to switch to incognito browser, guys, we about to watch a whole team get fucked by a beautiful black man"
Useless Broncos
I still don't understand how Ricard missed that block on 2nd down
That jet sweep with hollywood went so bad lol
Fuck these indoor stadiums with concrete floors
"We’re only 13 minutes (real clock, not game clock) into the game, and my anxiety is already sky high"
This play calling is weird as fuck
What is going on right now? Is the offense not in sync this game??
"OK, all these designed Lamar runs... Why?"
It's points I'll take it
Remember last year guys it was 0-0 against the Texans late into the 2nd quarter. We then won 41-7 😬
i miss yanda
I’ll take that instead of Watson getting sacked and then starting our drive in our own half
EARL WHO?!?!?
THICC RICC
Heh. My wife just called the last 2 plays.  I married a winner.
No crowd noise being pumped in? Pretty sure I hear crowd noise...
Gonna be a close game but we got this
I swear Hollywood looks like a kid playing with adults 😂
We’re playing okay. Just a few miscues here and there. No worries
That's a fucking touchdown
Marlon Humphrey is literally “One Punch Man” hahaha
that's a fucking touchdown
Dude LJ Fort. I don’t know how he’s so good but he is.
"Thanks for cutting LJ Pittsburgh!!

Edit: Trading"
robbed the rams
"That's Mr. MPJuiceman, sir"
I LOVE RAVENS FOOTBALL
Peter's is an insane ball hawk.
The O Line is worrisome.
These fucking refs hahaha
Cobb was being a fucking bitch
"they just fucking gifted the Texans a field goal to keep them in the game, what fucking bullshit"
Trash refereeing
"On some drives we look Elite, other drives we look lost lol"
Bills beat the dolphins by 3 and now Allen is leading the MVP race? Bills fans are so special.
"RBs need to be involved in the offense second half, Texans gonna keep getting to Lamar if the playcalling revolves around Lamar dropping back on 90% of snaps. Way too predictable."
"I know we are up two scores, but it doesnt feel like.  Offense is off sync and defense is struggling to stop Watson.  Not to mention the refs helped with two bs calls at the end"
What the fuck is an illegal double team block?
"Hello, OLine?  Can you please show up?"
Peters almost stripped the ball
Fire Averett into the goddamn sun
Not having Tavon in there is a liability. Hope he’s alright!
Harbaugh looks pissed
Week 2 ppl calm down
TRADE #93 HE SUCKS SO BAD s/
Somehow held them to a FG. You want to see frustrating? Block the kick
[deleted]
ROUNDHOUSE KICK THE LOGO
ROUNDHOUSE
What a fucking play
When in doubt TRUZZZZZZZ
No little boi
HELL YEAH COACH LETS GO FOR IT
##WILDCAT ON 4TH AND 1 TD
"We want the chiefs 

We want the chiefs"
That Brian Billick offensive genius finally coming to fruition. I knew he had it in him.
[Mark Ingram becoming Chuck Norris](https://twitter.com/RealPavetexRob/status/1307813273589481475)
Calais Campbell probably reminds offensive players of when they first saw California redwood trees. #shallnotpass
Fairbairn ain’t half bad
Horrible spot! WTF
Andrews held that block and that was a TD
"Sad news to report. Patriots' RB James White's father was in a car crash today and did not survive. His mother was also in the car and is in critical condition.

White's father, Tyrone, was a captain with the Miami-Dade Police Department.

James was told and is inactive tonight. - @AndySlater"
Fuck the Titans
I wanted Mandrews TD but I guess
bruh Dobbins is fucking unreal
Fucking Chargers choked
We have so many weapons its hard to involve them all. Miles Boykins looks really good so far
Just because we haven't scored 2 tds yet doesn't mean the sky is falling. This will be a close game.
"If we blow out the Texans it'll be because they're bad, yet if the steelers go 2-0 it's all about how they're back. Just like the Browns when beating up the bengals"
This poor guy is so injury prone 😕
tavon and injuries is an iconic duo i do not enjoy
I remember when we had Mark Ingram.  Those were the days.
Roman trying too hard
Patrick Queen is everywhere! Wow! The dude is so fast
Jihad Ward has 20-20 foresight
I love y'all but these comments have me SERIOUSLY questioning y'all's knowledge of the game.
Imagine not converting on 4th and 1 in your own territory and the opposing team scores a touchdown
I feel like Boyle has been stopped inside the 5 like 4-5 times now in his career.
Ofc the best Heisman house commercial is the one with Lamar in it
Lmfao these dudes can’t get set and a play off in time with NO CROWD NOISE. Texans are bums lol
Gotta start sacking this dude
Justin “Hands” Tucker
Hey guys FGs give us points too. Some of the people in here are wayy too spoiled
Someone here just called for a Marlon type of play.  Good job honey.
One punch man Marlo
Marlon is so good at punching the ball out
Humphrey was destined to be a Raven.
Marlon Humphrey is like the one punch man of the NFL
Man LJ has been a beast for us
That’s a fucking TD
"Baller ass play, so lucky to scoop Fort"
LJ Fort is a damn good player he was only a journeyman because the rest of the league didn’t know how to use him .
Get Marlon the Brinks truck!
Man if we had a pass rush we’d be nastyyyyy
I audibly yelled holy shit
Even Peters looked surprised that he got that as he got up lol
Petition to change Marcus Peters nick name to MP grape juice man
HAHA why is MP wearing a winter hat in Texas in September. Love that guy.
So the wide receiver can just barrel into the corner and get an illegal contact?
FUCK OFF REFS
"every time i hear number 23, i forget who the fuck it is

then remember why i dont remember every time

averett is just erased from my mind"
These refs are actually so trash
Why is Averett on the field when Jimmy Smith exists and Brandon Carr is a FA
What the fuck is that?
These refs are actually missing chromosomes
What a gift of 3 points. Man.
"That was some bullshit, bullshit calls meant to give the Texans come points smfh. I hope we come back out and destroy them 😈"
"Grade A bullshit, ref. Texans should thank them for the 3 points"
Everything about that drive was horseshit officiating
"https://twitter.com/TorreySmithWR/status/1307799585994223617
lol Torrey vs. Pollard"
JK with the Ray Rice type crawl.
Offensive line is getting exploited today. Not good moving forward.
Damn our O-line blows today...
Phillips is gonna lose starting position I bet. Dude is not great.
"That kick was reminiscent of the game winner in the playoffs against Denver. Same distance and looked the same.

Also how the fuck was that not Pi on Andrews?"
O-Line looking shaky but we’ll bounce back
O line looks atrocious today
"We have arguably the best offensive tackle duo in the league, but the interior O-line is looking like a big liability. That just can't stay the case moving forward."
Too many FGs today.  Roman has to get away from drop back pass plays down field and run some quick slants draws or SOMETHING to slow the rush because our O line cant
Should be 27 - 7 SMH
Clay Matthews is at home watching our abysmal pass rush
Russ Wilson looking like Lando Calrizzian. 😂
My name's Anthony Averett and I use cable
Get Averrett off the field.
Averet giving Chykie Brown flashbacks
Shocker. Averett getting bitched as usual
"It feels like we're playing so bad, but we're still up 13 with 1 quarter left. I am becoming very conscious of how spoiled we are"
"If they get this its still a 10 point game, just need to pound the rock"
I love the home crowd boos when there’s no home crowd
A long scoring drive would do a lot for us right now boys. And the great llama still need to tack atleast 2 tds to his stat sheet.
"Bill Polian finally got his wish, Lamar lined up at WR"
BIG NUTZ HARBZ
BIG BOY NO LITTLE BOY
Tucker got a lot of fantasy points this game too
"TOOOOOOUCHDOWNNNNN RAAAAAAVENNNSSSS

AND A BEATING ON THE TEXANS LOGO

TRUSS"
This is why we will always be that team to go for 4th down
Chiefs are looking very soft and very beatable today. Love to see it
How did Fort miss that sack
"It's crazy that this is an ""off day"" for the team"
If KC loses to Herbert's first start
I think that's a good challenge. Lamar might have gotten it.
Aaaaaand unclench.
Was against the decision but I can’t be mad with the outcome
"I'm calling it, defense with a garbage time INT."
This game was just so we could get JT some reps
Dobbins is gonna be a superstar
Yo Dobbins is wild for real
JK but he ain't Joking
"Love watching Dobbins. Speed to get to the edge, tough enough to bang through the center, and good contact balance to break tackles. The future is bright"
man it’ll feel like an eternity until next monday
"So, they just forgot about Tucker? “Butker best in the league”"
I'm going to run that play on my wife tonight.
I much prefer when the Ravens reach the end zone instead of the texans. Perhaps the Ravens should do that more?
"The Ravens are playing very well for my birthday today. Just a few observations:

- I'm liking a lot of Jackson's decision-making. A couple high throws (esp the throw on the dig route that was caught by the jumping WR), but overall he's been good.

- Averett is not a starting DB. He's committed a couple dumb penalties and left his assignment open a couple times.

- I like the DL pressure on Watson. Still stunned he got away from a sack.

A solid 7/10 performance.

The illegal contact calls were pretty ticky-tacky calls. I saw a little bit of contact on the one replay that they showed on the first call, but I would've not called either."
"""how are we beating kc next week"" as if they aren't struggling against the chargers right now. 

they're obviously the team to beat and will be tough to beat, but some of you need to chill."
How is this trash o line going to stand up to KC next week?
Wtf is this play calling rn...
Wish we would run it more...
Decent drive sucks we didn’t come out with 6 but miles better than our first drive.
Patrick Queen is everywhere and I fucking love it
Wish that ATT girl was my friend and nothing else.
HOW DID HE GET UP SO FAST LMAO
Way to make up for last weeks fumble Ricky
Lamar's about to bring me back from 40 points down in fantasy
###GOT UP LIKE A MAN POSSESSED
Lol. My boy Ricard ain't letting that ball go for anything.
That cat commercial was terribly awesome.
"We need to trade for a real pass rusher tbh

An edge"
The only time we get anything remotely close to a good pass rush is when we scheme up a blitz that gets a us a free runner to the QB. We don’t have anyone that can beat their blocker.
Annoying. Hope the defense can clean up a bit like last week too. Watson's obviously better than Mayfield though
Watson is good guys we are not playing against Baker
Bless u Tucker
We fine y’all. Even when the offense looks out of sync we’re gaining yards and getting first downs.
Fruit Punch.. is back!
He totally scored there!!!
Marlo has mastered the peanut punch
fuck kiko alonso!!
We ask for turnover we receive. We ask for TD we receive I love the Llama era
LJ Fort.....most under-rated Ravens FA signing ever?
"Defense is nasty, I just wish we had more of a passrush."
"LJ Fort is the Ravens defensive MVP so far this year, who would've thought"
Quick reminder that LJ Fort WASNT EVEN ON A TEAM this time last year. DeCosta has a knack for finding talent where no one else does
Chiefs are losing. I just wanna see that team become human.
lj fort consistently proves to me why he deserves to be my new favorite linebacker.
I like that from Harrison.
MP JUICEMAN HE GOT THAT JU ICE IN HIM
Fruit punch straight to the juice man! 2020 no fly zone baby!!!
Bro this defense is nasty
Holy fuck that was beeeeeautiful
I would pay to have a live stream of Marcus Peters mic’d up
"It’s just the Browns, right?"
WHAT A CATCH!!!
jesus h christ i love this goddamn football team
That pick might have been the best catch so far this game
"Man... that INT was incredible. All hands, full extension & against the grain while going to the ground?"
Give me MP juiceman over Ramsey every day of the week and twice on Sundays
"okay justice hill in a commercial lol, random."
What an interception...  holy hell. MP Juiceman
get ronnie out.
How long would it take Marshal to put on 100 lbs?
This game is a good example of badly we miss Yanda. Not only his blocking ability but his line calls as well.
Good guy Marcus Peters lmaoo
Pussy ass call
"Our pass rush sucks, but to make it worse, they can’t tackle whatsoever. We miss 90% of our chances at sacks which are already rare."
Sorry but these are just some bad calls. Not too upset with our D this drive.
WTF just happened?
What the hell is happening
These fucking refs. Wow
How much BoB paying these reff to keep his job
That’s such bullshit
"What the fuckkkk, these refs 😂😂😂"
Still up by 10 AND we get the ball to start the 2nd half
"The ravens are going to have to dial up some quick hitters. The texans are sitting deep like they did against the chiefs. 

Lamar gotta look for his checkdown. 3 sacks at the half against this defense is keeping the game from being a blowout."
Is it part of the (defense exhausted = fresh Dobbins in) gameplan or why on earth isn't JK getting any carries?
Man I’m so happy to have Ray rice back
"How was that not dpi, mckinney never gets his head around"
Where’s our illegal contact call?
Its like we're fucking shocked they blitz everyone on 3rd downs. They've been doing it all day.
Can Greg Roman realize they're blitzing those situations and get some designed out of pocket throws?
Maybe we can finally get some pressure
"Averett did something!

Edit: Nvm"
"Averette giveth, Averette taketh."
Why the fuck do we have Avrett covering cooks? 😑
Someone has to gif Queen jumping on the pile
Queen looking extra and I like it!
"Me: How are we going to beat the Chiefs with this o-line and without Tavon

Also Me: -looks down and sees that Chargers are up on KC 17-6-"
"JJ Watt, again, is good at this football thing."
Ingram really just spin kicked that wall lmao
I can’t believe that worked LMFAOOOOO
LOL thought that was Lamar
NO LITTLE BOY
NASTY
This game has felt like just a fucking grinding slogfest. Can't believe we are up by as much as we are. That fumble return was huge
Did Ingram just karate kick the Texans logo?! Merciless.
OMG that play design was so fucking good too. Roman showing off.
"what blocking on that play, I will want to know what lamar did out there tbh"
The Force is with us.
"That TD took Watson soul, you could see it as soon as he seen the TD"
Lamar and Hollywood on the bench there is so fun to see.
Why did they kick?
time to run that clock out
Now that I feel comfortable that we will win I will give props to Justin Reid. He has been very strong for the texans in these first two games.
He definitely got it
The Gus Bus is in full service!
What did Blacklock do
Hey guys pro tip: stop going out of bounds
No idea why Gus and Ingram didn't just fall down in bounds.
Can’t wait for Ravens wired this week just to hear Ingram after the 4th down TD
Dobbins isn't human
"That was a stumble away from a touchdown

Dobbins' future is so bright man I am pumped"
I can’t tell if the Texans totally don’t give a shit anymore or that was a truly phenomenal run.
JK ain't kidding
Guys guys guys WE ARE SO LUCKY. What a team we have 😭
"Good win. Tavon Young injury sucks, but given what a bloodbath this sunday was I think we got off light."
"About Tavon Young:

>By video, worry for ACL injury. His day is done and maybe season. Too many of those today. 1 is too many. - @ProFootballDoc"
Sometimes I wish Lamar would run
I am scared for next week
We miss Yanda
"Everyone is downplaying how good Watson is. Dude is a great QB, he is gonna make some good plays against any defense"
"Go Ravens, fuck Pittsburgh!"
"Back up QB gives Steelers trouble

Steelers Fans : “Ben is back!!!”

How are people picking this team to win our division?"
"""NFL contractual obligations"".....  Let's GO RAVENS!."
Tavon exhibiting his all-glass body again
The fact he was able to walk is a good sign
Who’s Elizabeth? Patrick is the only Queen I know
This sub was moaning 90 seconds ago.  We're spoiled.
"Lamar is doing everything, the team need to WAKE UP!!!!"
Lamar almost made that work. Insane.
Something seems off
I kinda forgot what a fourth down felt like
Solid drive
"Gotta use these RB's more

Lamar can do it himself but he doesn't have to"
Still fucking got it
"Henry Cavill's like 40 and MBB is like 16, who TF did the casting for this movie? The age gap is absurd for siblings"
so that's how that feels....
Well its a good thing Watson didnt get sacked now
that's my QUUUUEEEEENNNNN
Patrick Queen ROTY no doubtttt!
Houston decided the Cleveland fake punt worked so well last week they thought they'd try their own dumb play in their own zone.
LMAOOOOOO
"Now, run the ball please."
Poor Nick. He almost gets there every time. Then somebody else scores the TD
Good to see Ricard getting involved
I was watching Ravens higlights from 2018 and Nick Boyle was one of the like 3 main players who are still on the roster
Ricard making it up for last week!
James Harrison fan duel commercial. Greatest thing I’ve seen all day
There is no fullback in the game that didn't start off in baltimore that would have made that catch
Imagine getting scored on by a defensive tackle
Damn guys this the season with the worst injury bug to the league. Half the niners are injured and Saquan Barkley had to be carried out the game with a knee injury. Damn I really like Barkley and his season might be over in week fucking 2
Any updates on Tavon?
Pass rush is fucking ass wtf
Pass rush needs an upgrade asap
Texans run a pretty similar offense to ours
That's ok.  Will get it back
Everybody calm down. Our shoutouts are fun but these dog fights make the game so much more exciting
Texans are playing a lot more physical imo
They always try to jinx Tucker smh
Let's have a stop here
Y’all. Chill out. We’re winning. It’s early. R-E-L-A-X
Humphreys right hook is legendary
Challenge?? That's a TD!
FRUIT PAWNCH!!!
It kinda looked like he scored there
my fantasy team would really love this to be a TD.  Thanks Tony!
I do not see how Fort was down
They’re going to rule that a TD
I don’t see where he went out of bounds
Lmao give LJ fort some offensive carries!
Fort looked scary af running that ball
to think the steelers didn't want Fort and his massive fucking biceps?
"Wow, Fort looked amazing. That scoop, the carry, the eye for blocking, the dive at the end. 

He must have played lots of offense in high school or something. Looked natural out there. 

Also, that was a TD."
I love overreacting at the slightest hindrance but also screaming my throat out at play like this. Being a ravens fan is so fun
See y’all? R-E-L-A-X
Little known fact.  LJ stands for Lyndon Johnson.
"don't get me wrong i'm always happy whenever we get a TD, but you just love to see a guy happy on the sideline. happy for you fort."
Fruit PUNCH!!
Take in we found out about LJ Fort at our joint practice with the eagles last year. He impressed and we stole him from their practice squad. Now he's absolutely balling
"“Justin Tucker with another kick. He’s getting tired!”

I love Kevin Harlan."
Thank GOD we finally woke up 💪🏾
My god what have we done!
GOOD SHIT PETERS LETS FUCK EM UP
God I fucking love our secondary
I almost yelled REEEEEEEEEDDDDDD!
"Holy shit 

These defense is scary"
I’m ready for RG3
LMFAO imagine taking jalen ramsey over marcus peters
This is the greatest day I’ve had since last Sunday
Fruit Punch and Juiceman
We are going to be getting some bandwagon fans this year aren't we? I haven't seen a Ravens team this good in fucking years.
Damn OBJ is getting manhandled
We need to get Yanda beefy again and get him suited up.
"WTF is happening with this line?  At least Stanley is walking it off but fuck man, Yanda’s absence is hurting us."
Please be okay Stanley 🙏🏻
"What is our o-line doing? 2nd last year, today we look like 2nd to last... Come on now"
What a bullshit call on Averett
Someone fire up the “bull shit” chant
How the fuck do they miss that hold on Judon jesus christ
Averet is horrible man
That was a bs call. Averett getting targeted
Those are some shitty penalties. How the heck can a receiver just bowl somebody over and get the flag...
Why did the fucking clock stop? What???
But they didn't have a t/o and didnt spike it?
"I’ll take a 20-10 lead on the road while getting the ball to start the 2nd half, but definitely had a couple missed opportunities. 

Shoulda scored off the Peters Pick, Oline needs to play way better, but overall a great first half"
"""non-traditonal quarterback play"". How traditional we talking because I'm sure Lamar is more throwback than most"
"The texans have turned the ball over 3x yet are only down 10. They held the ravens to 2 field goals and sacked them out of fg range for a third. 

This may sound weird but the texans' defense is actually doing a decent job while sticking to their game plan. Stop the run @ all costs, get the ravens to 3rd and long & hunt. 

Good thing our defense has been opportunistic & our offense hasn't turned the ball over. 

W/ all of that being said, the ravens could win this game going away if they get their ground game going. Tire out the texans' defensive front & this game is done."
"fuck yeah lets run with Gus More

*next play hit behind line of scrimmage*"
He didnt play that ball? Am i crazy?
Was that not PI? The defender wasn't looking for the ball
How was that not PI
Orlando Brown hardly even trying right now :(
So thankful we have tucker
How was there no PI on that throw to Marky Mark bruh
I like running that clock down. Let's keep doing that.
Damn man 4 sacks wowwww
"You know. I understand we are winning and everything.

But these refs need to call penalties correctly. If that was the texans that would be PI on us. Give us a break"
Chances we see Fluker next game?
We are good but I feel like this team needs a wake up call
Wilson looking like Pablo Escobar lol
Get Avrett some help.
Averett is so fucking bad
"I’ll say it again, Averrett needs to be OFF THE FIELD"
Stop letting them hang around
Wow. 4th Q already. Our first drive was amazing time killer. Now got to get them off the field on 3rd and long.
Hold em to 3 here and put em away next possession
Averet out there giving me sharese Wright flashbacks
Queen jumping on that pile was a real Ravens move. Love this kid
Hopefully we follow up with a nice long drive for a score to ice it
"Lmao who yelled ""oh my god""?"
Seeing Baby Yoda made me feel a little less anxious
I dont think Watt played in our game last year.  He has been the difference today
#MARK MOTHERFUCKING INGRAM
#BIG BOI NO LIL BOI
*tears* **thats my running back**
Hahaha that kick in the EZ haha
"BIG BALLS HARBAUGH
BIG TRUSS INGRAM  
WOO WOO
SIX POINTS"
Lol Hollywood trying to bully through two guys for 3 yards and a 1st down was kinda funny. Especially when Mark breaks a 30 yard TD right after it on 4th down.
"Only way I would have loved that more were if it were a direct snap to Ricard who then threw a TD pass to Lamar because why the fuck not, Lamar needs to add ""Not bad for a Wide Receiver"" to his resume."
BIGGGG BOIIII
I fucking love that creativity in the play calling
You say big truss you get a big upvote
I thought that was lamar lol
"We scored 30 on an off day, against a competent opponent. We aight"
Feel bad for Watson get my guy a real franchise...
Elliot is loads better than Earl at blitzing
Alright 99yd TD to Hollywood GO
Score again
"I don’t mean to alarm y’all, but the Chiefs just tied with the Chargers"
Good challenge. Low risk high reward. Even if he  doesn’t get it it’s just a QB sneak
Why did 90 get ejected?
Any have a gif of what got that texan ejected?
"Lamar, Humphrey, Peters, Ingram, Tuck, Queen, Andrews, Hollywood all killin it

But yo. It feels so good when our support guys are making monster plays. Fort obviously, but Gus bus making big moves, Snead has been a monster anytime the ball’s been near him, Boykin making some HUGE blocks, D line getting TONS of pressure. I love this team..."
Pass rush has been better in the 2nd half
Daaaamn JK!
“Rides him down like a rodeo cowboy” O_O
"Seriously not fucking fair to have Ingram, Gus, and JK(and Justice Hill)"
Next week’s game is going to make me drink heavily
"Well, a rookie threw for over 300 on this D. Hopefully Lamar can do the same."
No pass rush is going to be the death of this team.
You guys are honestly the worst sometimes. Holy shit.
T young is made of phone chargers
Not again Tavon :(
Good thing we have CB depth
"god damn... feels so bad for Tavon, hopefully he's good"
There's going to be sooooo many commercials
And the Sunday of a million injuries strikes Baltimore
[deleted]
Queen's got a motor on him.  Good.
Queen was a great pick up never gives up on the play
Run the fucking ball
Offensive line does NOT look good so far
"Even with the O-line woes and Tavon injury, we can all take some chicken soup for the soul and watch Tucker work his craft."
Where can I get that face cover that Harbaugh is wearing? Looks like the MD flag but with Ravens colors
Tucker still fucking has it
Offensive line needs help
53 won't hear the end of that
"Don't forget y'all, this is exactly how the game started last year. We won no contest 5 times over. Chill"
Ward is too big for that shit 😤
Hey only we can do that!
LMAO DUMBASS BILL OBRIAN
GREAT pressure those past 2 plays. Now turn this into a TD
Wallstreetbets
If they're going for it on 4th and 1 on their own 30 you know they're scared
Just remember last year when we played the texans we started slow
##yas queen
off topic but how the fuck did the cowboys win their game
WHAT AN AMAZING CATCH BY PROJECT PAT
I feel so much better now lmao
Okay be honest who had Picard picked for a TD
CELEBRATE GOOD TIMES COME ON
lol imagine giving up a receiving TD to a defensive lineman
What a catch by ricard. Wow.
And y’all were worried in the first half.. trust in Lamar
KC is getting beat by the chargers
Gonna need to answer those short TE passes over the middle.
"Our pass rushers, especially unblocked blitzers need to play with discipline in the backfield and stop blowing past Deshaun every time"
"I’m out of beer 

This is a tragedy"
"Ordered some DoorDash sushi - If I die, I die"
Where is JK?
Still fuckin got it!
Glad we're getting points but wish we could be turning those into TDs
#GOD I LOVE HUMPHREY!! THAT'S A TD
THE MARLO PUNCH IS BAAAACK
THAT WAS A TD WTF
MARLOOOOO
You know what im talking about to JuJu!!!
Marlo with the punch!!!
Thats a td
MARLON FUCK YEA BABY
Fruit punch baby!!
"That bounce off the fumble was perfect for Fort.

If this gets upheld the Ravens better make it count"
Marlon's punch is legendary
"Even if it’s not a score I think we can punch it in from the 1, hopefully with JK, cause I flexed him in fantasy lol"
Give that man his touchdown!
They're reviewing the turnover. Can they change it to a TD if they see it?
That’s a touchdown
"PAY LLAMA, PAY HUMPHREY, PAY STANLEY"
Our secondary is SCARYYYYYY Marlo with a big forced fumble
"The way Marlon punches the ball out so well reminds me of Peanut Tillman.

FBI Officer Tillman is currently a 2020 HoF nominee.

All hail King Marlon"
LJ Fort was such a good pick up
I was surprised the broadcasters weren't calling out that it was an obvious TD.
Linebacker unit is looking very solid
I like when Kevin Harlan does our game
Defense woke up! Just how I like it DIRTY!
MARCUS PETERS! LEGENDARY
Peters grew three feet on that dive
JUICEMAAAAAANNNNN!!!!!
My god this defense ya'll
JUICE JUICE JUICE
Defensive Play Of The Year right there
Holy shit I think Peters just pulled a micheal jordan and grew six feet for that pick
Dear lord what a catch
"But muh defense... 

You people are so impatient"
Has juiceman always been his name??
What a pick!!! Dudes a bonafide stud
Hope Tavon is ok. :/
We are almost too good of a team. everyone is going to start hating on us
The talent on this team is absolutely disgusting.
I’d like to apologize for my doubts when the game began
"I literally yelled ""OHHHHHH"" when Peters got that INT."
O Line might be the only negative this half so far.
"can watt

like

*not*"
Love how the FG target line CBS makes for Tucker is at like the 45 lmao
Stanley down noooooooo
Dobbins can’t block
Buying offensive line 10k west varrock bank
offensive line has room for improvement.
This is like worst o line performance I’ve seen since like 2017... they got 3 sacks on Lamar not even fucking Aaron Donald got a touch on Lamar last year
Shitty playcall considering how bad the line has been
Averett has not had a single positive play his time here
How many times can Judon fly into the backfield and whiff man
Thanks refs...
Wtf why did they give them extra time?
Refs are the best players on the Texans.
Houston clawing and scratching to just stay within 10
Suck a nut refs
Before that last drive I was just thinking how the refs have been pretty decent thus far this season. After that drive WHAT THE DAMN HELL REFS YOU PIECE OF SHIT
Officials kinda lost the handle over that last minute.
offensive is a bit shaky. Defense are killing it
Offensive play calling is absolutely embarrassing. When did we bring Marty back?
i know you guys think we need to win this game by 50 but i just want to avoid the injury gods at play today. i will consider that a win.
pollard acting like a clown on twitter again to no one's surprise
We’re playing okay considering everything. O line needs to step the fuck up no more sacks
should we rotate Fluker in at RG?
"I'm just gonna say we still adjusting to lack of pre season & fans. I mean these 10pts don't feel great to up by, but its not like we down 8pts to a rookie qb right now😏"
We scored 20 points on a playoff team in their stadium. We're doing more than fine
"the ravens: put in a run 

this sub: i pretend i do not see it and continue to complain about throws."
Just had flashbacks of Ray Rice.  Dobbins is money 💰
Ahh you got me short of the first. JK
Long ass drive
Shouldn't the defender have turned for the ball?
Awful O-line man smh
That was a close one there Tuck
still fuckin got it
I wish this game was more like our last matchup
This O-Line needs to get their shit together quick
Didn’t realize we were playing SF’s all-world D-line today. Embarrassing.
this OL play is pathetic
"This O Line... smdh.

What was that, sack number 4?? 

Need to get that shit straight."
Oline was shit week 1 also....They had terrible grades 🤦🏼‍♂️
Queen is fast as hell
Don't even bring 23 home with us. God awful.
Of course it was on Averett. How the fuck is this guy still on the team
plz get averett outta here
Averrett getting absolutely demolished here.
Patrick leaping on the pile lmao
"Look I get being homers, but the fact that a lot of people can't respect what Watson does is kinda sad. He's playing a great game so far. They better not win or I'll probably join the blind homerist discussion, but at least give respect where respect is due."
Averett has singlehandedly put bend don’t break back on the menu.
Need to put the nail in the coffin on this drive TD and games over
Not sure why you’d go for 3 here
Alright same drive as the last one and let's go home and get ready for KC
Deshaun looks sad lol
I just creamed my pants
What a fucking play call
WATCHING IN MY HOTEL ROOM ON STUPID GAMECAST AND HOLY TITS IM HYPED
"I love that we went for it on 4th there, great call and great execution!"
Ok low key was like wtf is this wildcat...I’ll sit down
2/2 on 4th down conversions.
i can't wait for ingram's post game at the mic
"Watson's having a decent game today, will give him that."
Do we have any update on Tavon? Haven’t heard anything from announcers
THA J O K E R
I truly do not understand how some analysts had Deshaun Watson rated above Lamar going into this season
Good challenge.
"Good challenge here. Don't get it, we can go for it on 4th and we burn a time out (Which we may not need). Get it and it's a 1st."
Challange it man he stretched out it should be good
Go for it. All aboard the Gus Bus.
#BLEED THE CLOCK
All aboard the Gus bus
gus Edwards is the rg3 of the rbs lol. show up to close it out
Gus is a starting RB
GUS BUS LETS GO
Theeeeeee wheels on the bus go MOVE BITCH
Why did this guy get DQ'd?
Stop running out of bounds
That's like 80 seconds that should be off the clock Roman fucked up
"The two sweeps were really crap calls. Regardless, points are points. GG Houston!"
Why did that player get ejected? I didn’t catch it
The shots of the Texans sideline makes them all look depressed
DOBBY!!!
DOBBINS!!!
JK just ripping off 40 yard run like it’s nothing!!!!
"Man I wish he’d of scored on that, would of made flexing him worth it"
“Rides him down like a rodeo cowboy”.... wat
"I almost feel bad for the Texans. After getting pounded by Ingram and Edwards, Dobbins comes in and absolutely gashes them."
YABBA DABBA DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Can we talk about half time adjustments both weeks so far? Especially the Oline this week. RBs have had great vision but Oline just blasting holes
2-0! Bring on the Chiefs
No lie the LA stadium looks amazeballs
Ok. That dude kicked three 58 yd field goals. Two in a row after an ice timeout.
Sometime my inner masochist wants tucker to kick my balls. His amazing leg caressing my scrotum would truly be sensational
People are acting like the Texans are a bad team. They were literally up by like 21 or something against the Superbowl champions in the playoffs last year. This game isn’t going to be like last week.
with this o-line the Steelers might have a fucking field day with us gah damn
CBS production has been very poor today
"This sub is spoiled as hell tho. Why the hell are some of y’all complaining when we’re up 10 and getting the ball to start the 2nd half on the road? 

I’ll take this shit every week!"
This subs annoying if we aren't crushing the other team
"What the FUCK is our offensive line doing? They're traffic cones right now for the Texans. And oh boy, Stanley might be injured again. Just great. Here comes another game where Lamar has to do literally everything for the offense."
Talk about keeping a team in it at the end of the half
Refs gave them 3 points
Texans are such pussies for taking a FG. Although i guess it was fourth and 15.
Oh I see. The Chiefs are clearly going to win lol
CBS needs to hurry and put this game on lol
Damn Judon almost had him
"I'M FUCKING DONE WITH TAVON, LETS DRAFT SLOT CB"
A sight all too familiar to us flock:Tavon young making a great defensive play and then limping off the field.
"The number of big names going down to injury today has me quite concerned for our boys, and even more so now."
They should ban turf!
Please fucking run
what are they cheering about? a helmet to helmet hit? lol
Today is fucked I’ll die if Lamar gets hurt
Lamar showing elite composure rn
"I get that the Texans are running 8-man boxes all day, but do we only have one rush from an RB so far?"
I miss Yanda
Playcalling reminds me of the bills game. Too much trickery. I guess we're putting it on tape for the chiefs but... w/e
Both O lines look terrible. Dshaun must be use to by now
"Dang, nice moves Watson"
Big props to Ward for letting that sack go and avoiding the horsecollar - had both hands inside the jersey at the neckline
Good gracious what a freaking escape by Watson
Already in fg Range sick
Let’s go! Joker SZN
Tells you what they think of their chances today that they’d go for that.
GOOD SHIT ELLIOT
Lol. Bill O'Brien is fucking stupid
At least the Texans failed on that 4th and 1
Hell yeah!
"man , my stream is sloow"
Let’s get ittttt
Lamar really making project pat work for that td lol. Great play though
Pat looked like he's made of rubber
Is is me or did Joker just play that like E dub and force Watson to call timeout
"Wait, there’s no crowd noise? Then where is all that cheering coming from???"
Damn it.  I hate when they get first downs
"Wow that was sloppy, no pressure and left WIDE open"
Pass rush is garbage when just 4
We need pash rush right now.
Who's fault was that on the deep pass. Elliott?
That's fine. Respond right back
Wheres the pass rush?
I hope the downers here realize in the game of football both teams usually give up a touchdown or two a game. Not every game is gonna be 45-6 calm down everyone
Fuck off Baker we don’t care about your book club
Lamar looks unbelievably calm out there. Amazing how he continues to get better.
I hope we invest in the online next year. Hate seeing LJ run for his life.
Sam Koch can secretly throw. Tucker can secretly catch. I think we found our next QB/WR duo
Mr. Automatic!!
We aren't sneaking up on anyone. Texans are facing 0-2 and they're ready for us.
How perfect is it to have a Fort on Defense?
No fucking way this team is incredible
"Damn, thought he was in lol. Glad we got that all the same"
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT D!!!! LJ FORT!!! MARLON!!!
That's a TD.
LJ taking over the game!
I love Marlo
Marlooooooo!!!
This game is about to get ugly. Can’t help but feel terrible for Deshaun. He deserves so much better
Fruit punch!!!!!
"Pay peanut, holy fuck. What a play by Fort. They’re gonna show that all week."
"Yeah, that's going to be a TD."
Definitely a tuddy. Awesome stuff. Pretty sure Judon got blocked in the back on the rush too
Tuddy all day 📈📈📈
Goddamn. The defense does *not* look sluggish.
TD confirmed!
I love Marlon
Lamar Jackson Fort
Dang Harrison is FAST
WHAT A PICK
I’m gonna nut
#GOD I LOVE OUR CORNERS
WE FEASTING TODAY BOIS
BALLHAWKIN PETERS WOW
#MP JUICEMANNNNNNN
After a slow start... RAVENS ARE BACK BABY! MP Juiceman in the house baby
Marcus F'n Peters!
Dude should be a WR lol
Let’s fucking go Marcus Peters!!!!
**Juiceman!**
Defense rolling now
About to be back to back years of having two all pro corners
HOLEEEEE FUCKKK WHAT AN INT.
Deshaun looks scared against our D just like last year
MP Juuuuuuiiiiceman!
HELL YEAH D
YALL HAVE NO FAITH
"I’m so fucking glad we’ve got peters, for a 5TH rounder"
"MP JUICE MAN! they thought it was sweet, but it was really sour!"
This is a championship type defense. Turnovers are strongly correlated to Super Bowl runs.
Ravens MVP Kaare Vedvik
Dear god. I remember like 6 seasons where we didn’t have a single WIDE RECEIVER that could make that catch
Lamar just felt bad that Watt hasn't had many sacks lately and wanted him to feel good. Good guy Lamar man.
How much farther back is Tuck’s FG target line than other teams?
Weirdly poor pocket presence there from Lamar. Had an opening to his right but twirled into that sack.
Ronnie stanley is hurt
Yanda come back
Ronnie pls
Online is awful today
Lamar having Louisville flashbacks with this O line play today
Anthony Averett is def our worst corner
Why does it take literally our entire defense plus a couple camera guys to tackle Watson?
Averett needs to be off the field right now
Lmao fucking bullshit call
Omg these calls
That OL is not ideal
Soft as shit call
Levine & Averrett having shit games.
Fucking home job
Jesus christ Averett is piss poor per the usual. Is their no free agent or practice squander out there?
Seeing Averett out there is giving me flashbacks to last years Browns loss. God he is awful. We need Tavon back.
What the fuck is that call????????
What in the world
"I’d rather have Canady than Averrtt, he’s just horrible"
What the everloving shit is going on with the refs on this drive?
"I think we're a bit spoiled. It's the NFL, we're not going to dominate literally every play/drive of the game. We're up 10 at the half, KC is down 8. We are an elite team, but we aren't perfect. Let's not lose sight of that."
Refs fucking called shit illegal contact then stop the clock .
Not getting points off of that turnover is rough
Either flag us or keep the clock running wtf is a 4 second add?
I’m mad but I’m also just plain confused. Wtf rule are the refs invoking here?
blatant hold on Judon right after the wiped sack
Can someone get the oline motivated? Can we make some running lanes and get these backs going strong!
We seem off. Offensive game plan seems off. Without the Def TD it would look a lot different at half. Hope we can adjust at half and settle some. These guys don't look like they can play with our guys. We should run them out of the place.
We get the ball after the half. Just have to settle in more. We know we have the talent.
joe flacco > kirk cousins
If they're so disappointed in the run game how about running the ball more lol
Boykin  is much improved
Harbaugh sucking on his mask looks so weird lol
Is Dobbins hurt? Is he active?
“Exciting even when he gains one yard”
"When I drink stout, we play questionably. When i drink tequila, we play consistent as fuck. I know what I must do, boys"
teams are doing a better job of closing off the amount of space Lamar has to work with
Oh you thought he was down? JK!
Wow what a play.  Shades of Ray Rice vs Cinci years.ago
how was that not pass interference?
PI?
4 sacks today?  O line butt today
Yo o line is straight trash
Roman needs to run some screens
Tucker out here doing trick shots on his FGs now
23-7 sounds a lot better than 23-10.
Really need to rally that OL during this defensive series
Taking a second to to admire Tucker.  That FG was beautiful. Close but most would not have made it.
They are abusing Tyree and Brown whew
Ravens should have swallowed their pride and brought back Osemele. Oh well.
If this stream drops audio one more time I’m going to report it.
Everyone bitch in about this team even the play calling is fine we are not KC down 11 to a fucking rookie
Watson is a tough mf to bring down
Nanny McPhee seems to always be getting in the backfield today. Still goin strong
OMG Averett is garbage.... how do you give that up!?!?
AVERETT is literally so fucking bad. Please cut his ass and start tucker.
Picking on Averett bad.
Averatt is just getting demoralised
Averette is ASS
Yeah get Averett off the fucking field
"avarett is not good, i agree. you just have to feel bad for the guy though. will be picked on all game ever since both marlon and MP caused turnovers."
Averett consistently gets beat 🤦‍♂️
Damn what a throw Watson
oh fuck off Trent Green.
"Lol @ PQ leaping on top of everyone else

""This is MY pile!"""
They fucking dogpiled him LMAO
It looks like we put in Jimmy for Marlon and gave Marlon slot duty back while Young is out
"Averett is showing why he's the 4th option. 
It's not that he sucks, it's just that he's not a one-half and two option on a starting defense."
This drive has felt like forever
ohhhh my gawd
Now let's just grind the hell out of them for 10 minutes and end this with a TD
Mando!
Not sure why but I've got respect for JJ.  His brother (although good) seems like a dirty player.
"Watt has played really well, credit where it's due."
BIG TRUZZZZZZ
BIG BOI NO LITTLE BOI
INGRAM
THAT'S HOW YOU 4TH DOWN IT BABY!!!
GOD I LOVE THIS TEAM SO MUCH
With the roundhouse kick lmao
"ERRYBODY GET IN HERE, WE DID A RUN BLOCK!!!!!!!"
Kick that fucking bull! Let’s fucking go
So everything’s back to fine again 😂
Dis that dirty biiird gameplay I was promised.
Someone link the replay....   Plz.
[Harbaugh balls for calling a play like that.](https://i.imgur.com/U1x9Jko.jpg)
That was some tomfoolery play and I live for it.
"Dang, so many big name injuries today"
Why do I feel like 17 points still ain't enough? Must be that Cowboys/Falcons game from earlier. (Plus I'll never count out Watson.)
Lmao @ Hollywood dancing menacingly towards David Johnson
A Lamar TD pass to Hollywood to end this game would be absolutely pizza pie for me
JOKERRRRRR
he's the Jokaa Baybeee!
DeShaun gonna make some money he keeps this up.
WARM UP THE BUS
Here comes the passrush
Time to feed those running backs
Unpopular opinion: We extend Ingram for 2 years.
". . . lamar throws a somewhat wobbly pass for a touchdown and lamar gets roasted, and mahomes finally ties the chargers and he gets ""wow just wow"""
20-3 career start? Not bad for a running back
KC is scary. But at the end of the day is just about getting to the playoffs and being hot at that time.
Texans damn lucky. That was an inch from being a touchdown.
Jeez I forgot we play KC next week. Huge game
"Yeah challenge the spot, he reached that fd"
I like this challenge. Looked close and we can just use it as a timeout to figure out things anyhow
Assert dominance. Go for it and go long to Hollywood.
Thats how you do it.
The fake fake
big dick harbs
Gus is a gamer
Gus could legit be a #1 on a bunch of teams
"This is why you pound the rock. They know its coming and can’t stop it, easier for oline to runblock than pass block too. Gus has earned more touches"
Lightning McQueen leading the team in tackles again! LOVING this guy
"Please explain, why is this player disqualified?  I don't understand.  TY"
"TICKETS PLEASE.


 The bus will be departing soon."
Replay of foul?
Anybody know what just happened?
I want Harbaugh's neck gaiter.
Why do they keep running to the sideline? Cmon.
Can't believe we didn't throw once on that drive.
I hope the people saying go for it aren’t serious
Super Bowl Confirmed?
Thank god for that graphic I would’ve never known that guy won MVP
The ravens have generated 22 pressures today
DOBBINS YESSS
JK
Run of the day!!
"Dobbins: Drop the taco judon, get in the freaking bus"
DOBBINS!!
Next week is gonna be a crazy game
Texans have no heart left. They do t give a fuck lol
I want a Lamar touchdown
"Oof, if KC loses to LA, they're coming here fired up lol."
"Ooo I’m so hyped for next week 

LETS GOOOOOOIOOO!"
Here we go with the refs...
Dobbins needs to learn how to block
Play calling seems to be a lil too cute right now.
I don't like these play calls. Things feel very conservative right now.
Hollywood be frying niggas man lol. Butt ass. Ass naked out there
Who the hell just said Marlon needs to wake up the d with a big play? Damn sorcery
"O line needs to step up, but not as much as the officiating does. I don’t know how you miss the TD live when it’s right in front of you, and then the 2 illegal contact calls and the absurd pause to give the Texans enough time to kick a FG is just inexcusable shit. This crew shouldn’t get another game this season."
Anyone concerned about the score is a 2019 era new Ravens fan
O line is officially the weak link of team
r/TexasCuckoldCommunity
some of you became fans of the ravens last season and it shows.
"I’m not sure where all of the chastising is coming from. These gameday threads are literally all just hot takes. It’s what you came here for, and it’s just the nature of these threads. 🤷🏻‍♂️"
it’s kind of depressing without crowd noise
Defense was pathetic that drive
"ravens 20

texans 7

refs 3"
"Averett, Shareece Wright, Chykie Brown, Maurice Canady, and Dominique Franks are the same “give up a 10+ yard catch on 3rd down” corner, change my view"
Let’s Fuckin Feast!!!
Broncos keeping it close 👀
"LOL, Denver is really pushing the Squealers."
"Looking at all the injuries this week, I hope our Ravens will be safe"
You had one job Denver :(
Thank god we play the giants at home. MetLife field  is ending everybody’s season
jimmy gets by with a lil help from his friends <3
Good shit Jimmy
Great 1-on-1 stop by Jimmy
"Good start, let's get it"
I swear the biggest cheat code for our offense is 5 wide but we barely ever do it smh
I love how long NFL commercial breaks are
Is Tavon Young made of glass
Wow well its our turn i guess what a terrible day for injuries man
Looks like he came down on that left leg and the knee just flexed out to the side.  No bueno.
"He was limping off, I bet he's ok"
Someone spiked the NFL’s Gatorade stash with bone hurting juice apparently
Young is made of glass
Could be ok. Fingers crossed
Yaaaas queen
Queen is gonna be a BEAST
Fuck I thought the ball was out but it was just Johnson's red shoes
How many times am I gonna have to watch mahomes play cornhole smh
Run the fucking ball
Lol run plz?
"Does Lamar's balls look zippier today to anyone else?  Like last year they looked solid, but today the just shoot out."
Apparently everyone in here thinks they would be a better OC than Roman
The Oline doesn’t exist today
I miss Yanda
Yanda plz comeback
What the fuck is our O-line doing right now? The Texans are using them like turnstiles
Why do teams still use Turf. Jesus
Can Lamar not hit the hard ass fake field with his throwing hand? Cool thanks.
The Texans are playing great defense.
"On 3rd & 7, why do we have 3 players running routes underneath the sticks?"
Texans are playing well. Don't forget there's another team on the field. We looked good enough
What’s up with the fans on here making crazy takes after 2 drives? Same thing happened last week but for the defense.
Damn everyone in here's a better play caller than Greg Roman I guess from the sound of it
that was impressive by Watson to break free from Ward
Ward just got daddied
Jesus what a hell of an escape.
Earl Who?
Fantastic fucking stand
Holy fuck what a terrible decision
"It pumps me up that our offense is so good teams have to take shots like that 4th and 1, and our defense is tough enough to shut it all down"
Lmaooo that was a ballsy move
JOOOOOKER
Opposing teams feel the need.to be aggressive with us.  Just like the Ravens when we played KC.  I don't blame them going for it.  Risky but it has to be done against high scoring teams.
"great clean stop

we got to punish these stupid decisions, let's get 7"
"If we don’t get 7 off this, imma be pissed"
"So, our offense is so freaking scary teams are running bad 4th downs in the hope they keep us off the field. Feels damn good."
Fuck yes
THAT'S MY BLOCKING TIGHT END FIGHTING
pat Ricard what a unit
BIG BOIS GOTTA EAT what a play by Ricard
What a snag
PROJECT PAT
Great catch
Pat really redeemed him self from last week there.
_My erection enters the chat_
Going for it on 4th in your own territory is a bold move against this offense
Awesome catch by Ricard but poor Boyle can never get in the endzone
"CAPTAIN RICARD, MADE IT SO"
Hopefully Tavon can come back this year
CMON JIMMY
Fuck that was a nice catch by Ricard!
yasss it's Lamar
Seahawks gonna bring Cam back to reality tonight I think
That's a big yikes
That’s on Elliot
Smhhh
I never understood why some underestimate Deshaun.  He's one of the best QBs in the league.
DUUUUV
Ingram heard y’all talking shit
Put Tucker out there in the slot
Going from Joe to Lamar feels illegal
"Holy shit, Romeo Crennel still exists!"
i love this belichick commercial lolll
Feel like he couldve picked up the first
"Clean game so far. No penalties, no turnovers, no sacks? Or pretty close to none.

Any turnover is gonna be big."
D needs to step up. No pressure at all
I swear i saw someone comment that we need marlon to force a fumble literally a few minutes ago
WHO NEEDS A NATIONAL GAME WHEN YOU GET KEVIN HARLAN
How is that not a TD?!??
That’s 6 come on!
HUMPH WITH HIS FINISHING MOVE
UNDER REVIEW????
LETS GOOOOOOO. AWESOME
That’s a TD
I really need Harbaugh to challenge this for my fantasy
Bro imagine thinking you’re gonna beat the Ravens while giving up defensive touchdowns 🤣
Let's go Marlo!!!!
Thats a td boys
Humphrey graduated from the peanut Tillman school for DBs in case anyone was wondering. Head of his class too.
Pay marlon!
All Pro Marlo 💜
FUMBLE TD!
Marlon ‘Hammer Fist’ Humphreys
Goddamn that was an effort at the very limits of human capability for Fort to get that in there.  Amazing!
Tucker practicing his bending techniques on these kicks
"Mega hustle from Fort!

All right defense, don't let up! Should be well rested after all the TV breaks and reviews."
ya know arizona looks great this year.
Queen in coverage over a wr??
MP!!!!!
Interception!!
FULLY ERECT
This Team is fucking good
HOLY FUCK PETERS 🔥
Marcus fucking Peters
JUICEMAN 🥤
WHAT A FUCKING PLAY
MP JUICEMAN!!!!!!!
I love MP Juiceman
HOLY FUCK WHAT A FUCKING PICK
MP GRAPE JUICE MAN
OOF
Oh my word
OUR DEFENSE IS HUNGRY!!!!!
JUICE
MPJuiceman looking like Ed Reed
What a game so far after that slow start
JUICEMAN
Our elite corners showing out today
So what EDGE we trading for?
"TD, halftime, TD, game"
Now it’s time to step on their throats and end this before the half. Let’s go boys
"Let's gooooooo.

Chance here to pull a Belichick Special. Double-dip before end of half and we start the 3rd with the ball."
"MP ditched his man in the flat and double backed for the snag. Such a sneaky fuck, love it."
Holy crap that int was fucking beautiful
Peters took a page out of Ed Reeds book with that int
Watt is destroying OBJ
I want you all to just take a moment to appreciate this special roster of guys we have right now. Don’t take it for granted.
I miss Yanda :(
Not today Watt any other day is fine...
Not Stanley 😱
Online playing like total dog shit today.
oh fuck oh fuck not stanley please
Averett is a bum.
Are you fucking kidding me?!
Queen is an absolute beast
Averett is such a fucking liabilty
Fucking Averett you know he’s going to the sideline
LOL WUT
WTF Averrett is allowed his field what a joke
"Fucking dammit, you can't let deshaun do that."
Having not seen Averette for awhile I completely forgot how TRASH he is
Wtf just happened
Houston a bunch of pussies
Not worried. Couple of gifts from the refs there.
Lol that’s bullshit.
"That one weak, and simply wrong, illegal contact call on the sack made the whole drive happen, but that doesn't excuse every other play. That was awful"
Refs were dogshit down the stretch. That illegal contact on the sack was soft as fuck.
This Texans team is so trash. We're keeping them in the game. God it must suck to be a fan in Houston
That was legit. You can't delay the game because the ref fucks up. Same thing as moving the chains. If they aren't set the refs can pause the game because *they* fucked up. Not the other team
Dear God I hope uncle Eric is on the phone calling someone to play corner next week.
"I’m still really confused why the refs gave them a free timeout, not suspicious at all"
We're up 10 but only have 5 rushes by rbs. I understand letting the defense pick their poison but you can't just allow them to get us out of our game.
"Hey Greg, think you're gonna run it more than 5 times in the second half?"
Pass protection has been crap.  Need to run some draws/screens or roll Lamar out to slow them down
Did Dobbins get a single snap in that half
"Once again, the coaches are forgetting that the Ravens are a run-first team..."
"Anyone else want to see some more 2 TE sets and JK Dobbins in the 2nd half?

We need to slow this pass rush down"
Also our D-line has gotten pretty good pressure but Watson’s athleticism is phenomenal
Don’t know why a lot of you are angry . Deshaun is going to make plays he’s arguably a top 5 guy and we’re so lucky D hop ain’t playing with the Texans anymore. Texans are bound to make more bone headed TOs and bad plays we got this Guys.
It’s never worth to return kickoffs anymore because all of the flags and the small likelihood of actually getting past the 25
Maybe the Gus Bus is like the Texans kryptonite
"Ah yes, the Ol' Akron Pros"
Dobbins staying up after that contact was amazing.
"Dobbins: aw jeez looks like you got me 

JK"
That was Ray Rice like holy shit
Jk ray rice
Good read and play switch by Lamar
Dobbins good.
Wow. That’s was Ray Rice chills man spooky
Obvious PI.  Dude could be kissing Mandrews.
How was that good coverage?
Excuse me I forgot. What does an o-line do?
"Scaring me there, Tuck."
That was SNUCK in there damn
thank god we have tucker
almost had to burn down a village there for a second
Llama gonna need some ice packs after this game
Ok wtf is going on with our o line
"God won't allow Tuck to miss, i swear."
Missing Yanda so bad
This IOL man.
Dude. If our line is this bad -- CALL DIFFERENT ROUTES. Spread them 5 wide. Call a screen. Do literally ANYTHING different. Jesus.
I would really like Fluker to start at guard for now. He wouldn't get bullied in the run game.
Well it's a good thing he overthrew that lol
Wink bout to send some heavy pressure on the right side
I do think we see Fluker at RG next week but ya'll saying Brown Jr. Looks bad and Yanda made him good have apperantly forgotten who hes going against damn near every play. Id like to see a Tackle playing next to a rookie guard that doesnt get eaten alive by JJ Watt
Even with that sack Watson looks like he’s covered in oil lmao
why is Averett on the field
FUCKING AVERETT
Averett cant keep up
What a fucking throw by Watson
"Cut Averett, he’s always the culprit"
Averett needs to be cut
Picking on Averett alllllll day
Averett sucks
Can't let them get more than a FG here with the amount of penalties and TFL we have had. Let's shut it down.
Avarett is already playing garbage time.
Please bench averett asap
Line is starting to get pressure.
"Queen be like, ""I want the tackle too!"""
we need tavon back man
"Yeah, we do not have to do this Averett experiment. Just play Jimmy."
i miss lamar </3
Man I hope we can pound the rock and burn some clock on this next possession
I love wink's scheming. Fuckin 8 defenders on the LOS.
We need to put the Texans away now. This is the way.
"Lol, people are still roasting Averette 😂"
Herbert has 3 more completions than Mahomes and 125 more yards
Cactus Jack sent me
"It's early but our OL just doesn't look the same in the run game. Yanda retiring & skura not being 100% are 2 reasons why. Both opposing defenses have sold out to stop the run as well.

As the new OL builds cohesion, i think they'll start to dominate on the ground again."
Did Lamar just reverse Summersault
**Snead has the need for Speed**
"I really like Snead IV.  He shows up every game for something, and that was a tough-ass run after catch."
Murray runs so weird
Kyler Murray has me worried if we meet them in the SB. He's so much better this year
"The best part about Lamar is how much he just loves the game and everyone included, breaks two tackles falls over the guys, gets up helps them up and hugs both of the texans players"
This just in. Lamar Jackson sandbagging so that he could play a full football game
INGRAMMM
HELL YEAH COACH LETS GO FOR IT
So much for eating clock but fuck it LETS GOOOOOOOO
Not bad for a RB
He just Cobra Kai'd their logo.  Dayam.
HELL YEAH COACH LET'S GO FOR IT
CANT HANG. THATS FUCKING BALTIMORE FOOTBALL RIGHT THERE
Ingram was so hyped 😂
THAT’S how you do a 4th and 1
ROUNDHOUSE
😂😂😂 He busted roundhouse kick!
WE SOME KIND OF 1920S FOOTBALL SQUAD?
Absolutely amazing blocking should be game LFG
"INGRAM I LOVE YOU

Roman and Harbaugh, what a play call, hats off!"
BIG BOI RUN
The hays in the barn!
We own this bitch
"For all the problems with the O-line, we’re still firing on all cylinders, and beating these Mfer’s handidly."
I love this team!
I am suddenly a wildcat fan. But only for one play
"Just when you thought this offense has done it all, 4th down wildcat for 30+ you have got to be kidding"
"let's get a 3 and out, we can basically end the game."
[deleted]
Lets gooooo D
When Deshaun has time he is absolutely surgical
Calais there showing why he is great.
Elliott has been playing great! Safeties have been refreshingly good these last two games
STOP TURTLING D
Yeah we can't play like there's 2 min left
The pressure today hasn't been bad honestly.
Geeeeeez Elliot
JOKER
Is Watson blind lol. I don't think it could've been more obvious that we were sending the house
Please eat the clock
Not to be greedy but another Lamar TD would really save my fantasy team
Gotta tighten up that coverage and pass block a bit better for KC next week. Other than that solid display of football for us.
"Down by 17:

&#x200B;

KICK A FIELD GOAL"
how are you *not* going to go for this?
How the fuck do they not show a replay? That’s absurd CBS.
That was a crazy play call
lmao i'm so glad we want to demoralize them and go for it
that scheduling does suck for houston. i agree.
Hope Houston destroys the steelers next week
Now we are just demoralizing them
Gus looks incredible right now.
"Chargers about to score a TD

They on the 3"
Damn Gus is the closer
Gus Bus is so good
"Having Gus is almost dirty, we run Ingram and Dobbins all game. Then we send in Gus against a completely wore defense."
Did anyone even see what got 90 ejected?
235-105 on the road 😳
Cunningham has a done a good job containing Lamar. Credit where it’s due.
Running out of bounds on back to back plays.. not smart football
lamar TD here pls
in the least weird way possible deshaun watson has got some smooth skin.
Kick the fg go up 3 and let's roll it out
"If we score another td, I'm gonna be 1 point off on the lucky guess thread. That's gonna suck."
It’s crazy to think about how we haven’t lost a single game since the browns week 3... might change next week but a 15 game winning streak is insane
I love Kevin Harlan
JK Dobbins is electric!
"GET HIM DOWN

LMAOOOOO"
Yo that’s gotta be demoralizing as fuck
DOBBINS
These little flashes of JK's ability makes me hyped for how he is going to develop in this offense
Ravens have 223 rush yards. Texans held up until the 4th and then boom
We almost have 4 guys with 50yrds rushing. Wonder if thats ever happened before?
Mahomes just picked up 3rd & 20 on a RUN wtf
"Oh god, here comes the Pat Mahomes comeback"
"Settle for a tie, cowards"
"Fuck the chargers 

We’re gonna do it by ourselves"
Lamar 37 for 46 398 5tds
"
                                                  ,     ,
                                            ╓╗#▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄,
                                        ,╔▓▓╬▓▓███████▓▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓████╦
                                      ╔▓╬╣▓▓███████▓▓▓█████████████▓████▓╦
                                   ╓▓▓╬▓████████████████████████████▓▓█████m
                                 ╓▓██╣███████████▓▓███████████████████▓█████▌
                                å██▓╣█████▀╙╙   └Γ░░╠▒╠╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬████████▓██████
                              ╓▓██▓▓██▀╟▓╩    ;;≤░░φ▒▒▒▒╠╠╠╬╬╠╠╠╬╬▓████████████▄
                              ▓███▓██▓╣╬▒░    ;░░░░Γ░░▒▒▒╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╣▓████████████▌
                            .▓██████▌░╬╩╙Γ   ""`""""""  """"╙╙╙╩╩╩╩╠╠╬╬╬╣▓████▓████████▌
                            ║████▓█▓╙░╙░,▄##╩▀╙╙▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀╙╙▀▀▀╣▄▄╠╠╬╬▓▓╣██▓████████▄
                           ╔██╣▓▓█▓╓▄▓▓▓█▓▄▄,,                ▄▓▀▀╝╣▓╬╬╬██▓██████▀█╦
                           ▓█ ]▓█╬████▓████▓▓╣█▄  ▄▄▓▒δδδ   ,╓,▄╔▓▓▓╣███╬███▓████⌐ ▀█▄
                           █▌ ▐█████████████████▄▓███▓▓▓▓▓▄φ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███████▓██▓███    `
                            Θ █▌╙████████████▓▓███"";╚█████████▓█╣▓▓█████████▓▓▓██▌
                             ]█  .╚██████████▓██`  '""╙╠██▌ ╙╟████▓██▓██▓╬╬█▓█▓▓██▌
                             ▐█  ▐⌐ ``╙╙╙╩╩╩╩╙ ╓╓,,,,≡,╙╙▀▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╩╩╩╚╬╬╬╠╩╠╠╣▓██▓
                             ╟▌  ▐░∩     φ▒╩""▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓██▓▓▒╠╬╬▒░     ⌠φ╠╠▒╟▒║▓╬╙╫██▄
                            ,█   `φ░ ,,,'╙     «φ╠╠╠╣╣╬╬╙╙╙╙╙╙╠▒φφφ╠▒╠╬╬╠▓░░╫▓▓░░╚
                         ╓#▀▀    ]╠▒φ╬╠░   ╓⌐ ,,▄╓φ╠╬╬╬╬╠╩φ▒φφ░╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╣▌░▒╟█▓╣Γ
                              ,, ,╚▒╠╬╬░;▓▒▄▓▓█▓▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▓▓▓▓╬╣╬╬╠╠╬╬╬╬╬╣╣▓╬▄╚▒░╣▒
                              `╙▀╩α╣╬╬╬░╚╠╣██▀▀▀▀#▓▓@▓▓╣╣███▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓▓▓▓▓╚▓▓φ▒▄█
                                    ╣╬╬▒░   ≡╓▄,,,,,φφφφφ╣╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓▓▓▓▓▓╩░╠^╙████
                                    ▐╚╠▒░░,.φ╠╬╬╬▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╠╬╬╬╬╬╣▓▓▓╬╣╬▒░""     ╙▓█▄▄╓
                                     ╚╠░░░░░""╙╚╩╩╩╩╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▒░.░
                                      ╚▒φ       ,;░░░░░╠╬╬╬╬╬╣╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╠╠╬▒░░░
                                      .""╠▒,,,,φ░▒╬▒░φ░╠╬╠╬╣╣╣▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▒▒░
                       ,,              ░▐▓▓▒▓╬▓▓▓╣▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╣▓█▓╣▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╠▒▒░
                                      ∩'φ╠╚█████████████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╠▒░
                  ╙ºª≈`                ]░╠▒░╠╬██████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╠╬▒░░╔
                                      ;░░░░  ╚╬╣▓███████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▒▒╩
                                      ⌠""░░.  .╠╠╬╠╣▓▓▓▓▓╬╬▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╝╙"
Our O Like is playing like shit but Lamar is so good that he’s only been sacked once
"whew i feel so much better after we didn't score a touchdown on 100% of our possessions.

lol y'all need to chill."
Is Watson covered in oil?
"The Texans player placed the ball, and then the ref kicked it backwards. I guess that means they get a free timeout to get a FG."
Meh. 10 up at the half. I'll take it
"Our O-line couldn't block a light breeze today, let alone a D-Line led by JJ Watt. What the fuck are they doing?"
GET AVARETT OUT FFS
Bro fuck this announcer saying that was a penalty but the shit on Andrews wasn’t.
God Mahomes is going to fucking expose Averett
Niggas keep trying to tell me Edwards is just a product on the offense.. dude is good
"Probably the most ""human"" I've ever seen Lamar play"
This was the weirdest blow out ever we had to try hard for it. A lot of the other ones felt effortless
The Hay is in the barn!
I know our play calling has been questionable and the o-line sucks today but shit are we spoiled with so many people complaining about not blowing out a good team
The other team is still allowed to score guys...
"Fuck this call it a tie and try again next week 

Save the knees"
Tavon can sneeze and get hurt
18 games in 4 seasons for Tavon if he's out for the season.
"Literally the same start as the Browns game. Go up 10-0, have a shitty defensive possession

Tell me what’s next?"
This offensive line is so bad
Play fluker and mekari
We need to put a big hit on Watson. We’ve allowed him too much time and space to build confidence
"Kinda feel bad for the Texans right?  Schedule hard af.  KC, us, then Pittsburgh next week.  Damn"
"Not surprising they picked up that 3rd and long on Averett, get him off the god damn field"
30 to 13 but I feel like we've been playing pretty bad idk lol
"Steelers have a lot of game left, the TV will cut to our game at the start, won't they?"
Steelers really blowing this shit lmao
Broncos fucking suck
"Well, if there’s anything we learned, it’s that the Steelers defense is overrated"
"Something bad teams have in common: Not blocking obvious free rushers, haha."
Steelers almost lost to the Jeff driskel Broncos. Spooky
Hope Ingram goes off today
"Strap yourselves in, here we go."
Kevin Harlan let's gooo
Campbell just reached out and grabbed that runner.  Otherwise he was going at least several more yards.
"lol way to hold em Jimmy.

Jimmy say “Heeelp!!!”"
Always hated jets sweeps
Levine is just the best
"Ahh, Lamar should've probably tried that 5050 ball down the field on the right hand side."
They’re clearly scared of Watt disrupting the rushing offense
Welp there it is
Tavon looks like he’s in a lot of pain
NO TAVON
FFS we were just talking about avoiding injuries. Thankfully he seems to be ok
"Goddamnit, who put knee-breaking shit in all the fields this week?"
Tavon pls no be hurt
Meanwhile LMFAO Falcons. They are the biggest choke artists in the NFL.
Walk it off young one
I had a bad feeling the rampant injury bug that’s been hitting the league would bite us today :(
"Fucking week 2

*edit: i mean the amount of injuries around the NFL has been rough this week"
It'll buff out.
Anthony Averrett....
YAS QUEEN
Queen with the hustle
Why aren’t we even trying to run the ball?
Oline looks like ass
This o-line play is terrible
Rip tavon
At least he can walk that’s good
Hollywood could have blocked watt and was like lol no
All these injuries today has me fucking spooked for the Lamar running game
Maybe our front office will dial up some trades or something for the O-line on the level of how they re-tooled the defense mid-season last year.
We had a slow start to the Texans last year and still put up 41
Always said  O line is overrated. The reason why teams don’t get sacks on the ravens is because of Lamar
Let the Ravens gain momentum. They're just powering up
"We have 3 stellar RBs, for sure dont hand the ball off once in a quarter."
Let Lamar get a feel for what they are doing and he will adjust a bit
Okay that was impressive
"That's it, I'm getting a beer."
This is going to be a VERY fun game. Battle of crazy athletic QBs
*evade 100*
"Deshaun ""Lamar Jackson"" Watson"
That was honestly best case scenario because it could have easily turned into a horse collar.
"come on, don't be shy, slander the ravens defense some more."
Can’t give the ravens offense great field position. Getting a TD here would be huge
why do teams always try dumb ass 4th down attempts on us? hilarious
Hell yea boys. Let’s get 7.
Watson loving the jump pass
BoB is such a dunce
FUCKING HUUUUUUUUUUUGE
HELL YES DEFENSE
how idiotic lmao
That was not a good decision. Two weeks in a row teams getting too cute on us.
This game is already waaay better than the Denver Pittsburgh game.
Front 7 looks light years better
We just got the ball within Justin Tucker field goal range
It was actually a good thing that no one wanted to tackle Watson on that play
"Man, with all the speed on this offense, Boyle looks sooooo slow"
YOU OWED US THAT RICARD
"Feel better now, boys?"
Ricard!Oh yea!!
Lamar 2 td run yes
Love this drive
PATTY RICARD THANKS BOB
TOUCHDOWNNNNNN RAVENS!!!
Great play from project Pat!
Much better play calling. Lock clockwork when we on.
Thank you sweet lord baby Jesus
The Texans wanted to be us so bad by going for it on 4th down
Has Dobbins played a snap today?
"flip over to the WFT  at commercial just in time to watch Haskins get pancaked

edit: scary terry appears"
Bill O'Brien MVP
"Good shit, Ricard!"
"First td

More to come"
"Imagine using analytics and probabilities to get an edge in a football game only to see the effort benefit the other team. Congrats, you're BoB."
"I haven’t heard anything about it, so I’m assuming Clark still has the Green Dot?"
Our run D is looking decent
"Also, I do hear crowd noises pumped in. Do you guys not hear it?"
Hell of a blown coverage.
yuck
Double fuck
"If Watson had time, that was a TD."
Does anyone know what Pacific time the game is
Need the offense to come out big this drive let the defense get some light under their feet and get back on top of things
This pass rush is gonna suck so hard next week.
Tavon being out does actually hurt us
Ate a whole wedge of triple cream brie and it’s got me fucked up
Fuck Earl Thomas bum ass for costing us 15 mil this year
"Bro, Ingram takes a fucking beating when he has the ball"
"Oh my god, if Lamar starts working voice inflection into his repertoire -- that's it. Call it. The man's in total sheriff, Brady/Rodgers territory."
Lamar to Tucker is now my ultimate dream play to see recorded in a regular game scorebook officially somehow
"All I want this season, besides a super bowl, is a Tucker tuddy"
what cant tucker do
Hollywood!
"Hollywood Brown making catches like he's 6'9"""
Let’s go! Is it just me or does Hollywood always land funny when he goes up for a catch?
Fuck running he’s gonna be Lamar Rodgers from now on
Tucker for wr
Doctor my Eyes just saw a pass from Jackson to Brown.
lamar throwing way offscreen? it's going to hollywood
That was a fucking zinger to Andrews but good defense
Little too much on that throw
MARLOOOOOOOOO
"ALSO, FRUIT PUNCH!!!!!!!!!!!"
Did I just say I want a TO?  YES I DID!
MARLOOOOOOO
YAAASSSSS GIVE ME THEM TURNOVERS
"WHO IN HERE SAID WE NEEDED A TURNOVER TD, WHAT A PREDICTION!"
Humph punch!
BUILD THAT FORT AND WATCH IT STAND
Marlon 😈😈
Humphrey is such a beast
Marlon>Jalen
He’s in come on
Texans can't be serious...
It’s not a TD!!?
The ball hit the pylon before he went out!
Oh wait we don't have to challenge because all turnovers are reviewed and they review the entire play. This review will end with us kicking a PAT
Lamar Jackson = LJ. Fort McHenry is in Baltimore. LJ Fort Illuminati confirmed?
LETTSS FOCKIN GOOOOOO!!
🔥 🔥 🔥
"The wink defense has nasty punches, Peanut did it all the time too"
All these great players we're going to have to pay 😭
Went the bathroom... guess that was a mistake.
For you Ravens fans to give some context here. The WR that caught the ball does this so often. He gives us flash of hopes and then does this and now will not play for the next 4 games probably lmoa
"thank god, that def looked like a legit TD"
"I'm surprised, but I'll take it!  TD!"
Thats a touchdown!
"LET'S GOOOOOOOO RAVENS!!!

😈"
"Houston blaming lack of energy on lack of crowd noise, pretty sure Houston would be silent regardless after that last TD"
Marcus motherfucking peters
bruh
What a catch
Holy fucking highlight reel.
I think the D heard the shit you all were talking.
MP JUICEMANE
MP JUICEMAN
MPJuiceman!!!!!!!!!!!
That's a catch by a mile
"good afternoon  Houston, the juice man is here."
OH YEAH DON'T FORGET WE HAVE A DEFENSE!
Juice man!!!
We starting to heat up!!!!
WHAT A PICK
Marcus gonna start clowning them😂 looks like Lamar ain’t playing in the fourth ☹️
M P JUICE MAYYNNNEEEE
MP JUICEMAN
MP Juiceman! God we are so lucky to have two stud corners.
People still try to act like we don’t have 2 of the top 5 corners
MP JUICEMAN MP JUICEMAN MP JUICEMAN
Turnovers win games. Turnovers lose games. We on the right side of those TOs
GIMMIE THAT!!
 JUICE MAN JUICE MAN
YESSSSS WHAT A CATCH
LJ Fort and MP masking our oline getting manhandled and the lack of a pass rush
Td here and after the half and cruise lol
EAT
"We are fucking scary, I love it"
Bud light guy needs to brown bag that beer
Lmao they making deshaun watch the pick
We don't stop the clock for out of bounds anymore?
I love Peters so much
Gotta feel bad for Watson honestly dudes just going to end up like Andrew Luck
I fucking LOVE Peters and humphrey duo. Keep them together!!!
MP stands for Magic Powers with how he caught that o.O
"We want the chiefs 


We want the chiefs 


We want the chiefs 


We want the chiefs 


We want the chiefs"
"Unfortunately for the Texans, they're stuck playing the Ravens on All-Madden difficulty."
"Man, OBJ is having a rough start to the season. Garret last week and now Watt"
I'm not used to seeing Stanley and Brown getting pushed like this
Well that wasn’t good
Stanley no
Fuck it.  Let Tucker try it from ther e
What the fuck o-line
O line pls
So I guess Stanley now has injuries to 3 parts of his body.
We can't lose Stanley. That could be devastating to the offense
Do we actually have an offensive line?
Ok the entire o-line needs to step up NOW without Stanley
Can Yanda start eating again - maybe he can make a comeback for week 4 or 5. Just need him to get in lineman shape
The o-line needs help. Idk why edc thought a third round rookie was gonna fill in for yanda.
Lmao an interception and the Texans are gonna score
Bullshit flag
AVERETT IS FUCKING TRASH
Again? Come on
LEARN TO TACKLE
What shit way to end the first half.
Averted shouldn’t even be on the team anymore
Rather have Levine play corner than Averette
Remember when Averett jumped over the fumble in KC and missed the ball entirely
"Our ILB is our best pass rusher, good lord"
"Shit needs to be said in the locker room, shit needs to be said"
Damn. Our o line looking like a bunch of beanbags
Huh???
WTF was that
we stayed really healthy last year. you get some soft spots exposed if guys start getting dinged up
Why did they give them time....
"Fuck off, come on"
O line needs to be addressed ASAP
fucking unreal
Actual BS but whatever
Offense is just not getting it together. Defense keeping us in this game. Let's hope oline can get it together and Lamar comes out angry in the second half to put together a TD drive.
"This O Line... Chris Jones and the Chiefs are gonna be licking their chops looking at this on game film.

We need to get this shit straight."
[deleted]
Thank fuck Lamar can throw cause the run game has gone to shit
When they stop the clock to call a penalty which ends up getting declined dont they have to impose a ten second run off?
Boykin is a tight end now I guess
Boykin's not a TE
"Lamar’s composure today >>>>

But I’d like to see him scrambling to avoid those sacks a little more. Bully them into submission"
These announcers called DeShonn Eliot a C and Boykin a TE so far
Watt is a legit superstar. His presence is felt this game.
"Gus, AKA the Bus."
"The OL isn't helping, but the playcalling has left a lot to be desired so far"
This is exactly why we should keep feeding the running backs
Our backs are the best downhill runners in the game
omg close up of Harbaugh eating his mask
FEED GUS
We had 3 lead blockers on that play and 3 players on the defense were around lamar unblocked within 3 yards.
Ray rice flashback
Need I say I'm throbbins for Dobbins?
Amazing play by dobbins staying up
I want to see a bomb to Hollywood lol
Dobbins is such a great pick
Way to go JK
Ray rice vibes
andrews almost got a hug for a td
That's a PI if the roles were reversed
Yeah the O-Line is a worry.
Dude Hollywood was wide open
pi
"Andrews wanted to moss him so bad, I would have nutted"
"i have faith in phillips, but he's just not it yet."
Phewwww. “Still fucking got it”
This fucking oline already
o line is booty
Tucker really scared me there
O line.... stand between the rusher and lamar pls
I miss Yanda
Thank God for Tucker
Offensive line straight dog ass
Orlando let that blitz right in untouched smh
"""STILL FUCKING GOT IT"""
Is our OL bad or is Houston’s DL good?
The Oline is lookin like Swiss cheese.
"Just seeing how close he can kick it to the upright without touching it, that's all. Totally intentional."
"These field goals are killing me. Total yards edge  and +2 turnovers, we should be up a lot more than 13."
It can’t just be the loss of Yanda. Somebody on that offensive line has regressed.
Tucker just tucking it in
Ngl I'm scared Lamar's gonna get hurt if they don't fucking block for him. Lamar getting hurt could potentially end the season
Orlando brown looked good playing next to yanda last year but now holy shit
We aren't used to winning and it not being close... In all honesty the team needs to overcome and pull through games like this. This is what sharpens our blades
I hate looking in this sub and everyone being so negative when we are up two possessions
McPhee almost blew that up
Watson just fucking go down jesus christ
LOL there were so many humans in that pile
Our front 7 is going to wreak havoc against a less athletic qb
ANTHONY AVERETT NOT ANTHONY EVERETT.
Averett. Jesus Christ. Do your job
Get Averett out of there bruh
Averett suuuucks.
averett shows up just to get fucked next play
Averett is a horrible football player
Averett is pain 😫
What ever happened to Iman Marshall? Has he been injured?
DOG PILE!
Do we have any other corners aside from Averette who could sub for him?
This drive is giving me agita!
Guess I'll take it. 😂 This team kinda playing like butt and drain the quarter for +3.
Can someone explain to me why Bernard Pollard hates  Harbaugh? [Link](https://twitter.com/crushboy31/status/1307799103192141827?s=21)
i’m ready for one of the cb’s off the practice squad. averett has been trash since we drafted him
We jumped boo
"Prince Amukamura is a FA 😏

Yeah, he's too good to be a fourth corner though"
"Oh look, now they have a manageable 3rd down..."
Lol who laughed there
Great job D!
Good stop
Houston out here trying to throw on Humphrey. Good way to not score touchdowns.
Long TD drive please. Even a long FG drive would be nice
Still pissed off they replaced Jake from State Farm into a handsome and fit man. I miss the old one 🤧
We need a long fucking drive like it's nobody's business.
Jackson is so entertaining to watch
Slippery like a rain drop!
she is so fine
"Slippery as a raindrop.

Poetry"
I need a HOUDINI play
"Did not know bout Andrews diabetes, huh that’s crazy"
JJ chill...plz
Jj Watt is not a human being.
Lowkey forgot how good JJ Swat is lol
LETS GO
LET'S GO!!!!!!!!!
FUCKING INGRAM!!!!!!!
I FUCKING LOVE THIS TEAM!!
What a call G Ro
The ravens are my favorite team
bruh my jaw is on the fucking floor lmao holy shit
Was that a direct snap to Ingram?
Best blocking all day! What a time for it to come!
Dagger.
BIG TRUZZZZZzzz
INGRAMMMMMM WHAT A PLAY GOD DAMN THAT WAS SEXY
2-0 baby
What did that net do to you Ingram?
"GRO is a handsome, husky genius"
YES SIRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
"What a clean run, jesus. Gotta love Ingram"
MEET ME OUTSIDE THE BANK....when we get back
"Damn, Jake from state farm buff af"
BOB so mad he took the mask off
"Still 10 mins to play, let’s get a TO"
Texans are known for having a bad oline and we have given Watson lots of time
"Watching the ravens play prevent towards the end of games always infuriates me, it’s so bad"
BLOCK THE FG PLZZ
Deshon > Desean
SACKED!
I traded Sammy Watkins to my buddy for Hollywood like 20 mins before kickoff and now Watkins is hurt holy fuck I just got that one off
Props to Faribairn for also staying clear of the illness affecting nearly all kickers this year and being pretty money for his team today
"https://twitter.com/ravens/status/1307813744194523136?s=21

Bruce Lee"
"Damn, easy on my QB fucker"
clock killing TD drive here we go
God I love football
We going.
[deleted]
Good thing the refs couldn’t see that blatant hold from Andrews 😂
Not a bad challenge.  Gives them a TO to go over 4th and 1.
Knee wasn’t down
Good challenge if don’t get it it’s basically a TO
He got it
how the heck didn't they spot that as a 1st lol
God we are lucky.
Yup. Houston's done.
Gus fucking ramming them
Time to load up the Gus Bus
THA WHEELS ON THA BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
gus bus!!! ride the man!
I know these are garbage time yards but I love Edwards
Damn gus showing off
Make🙌🏽Gus🙌🏽bus🙌🏽the🙌🏽starter🙌🏽
Gus bus taking us to W street
Gus lives for the 4th quarter
Blacklock.... Dude is lucky he has an L in there
They just ejected Blacklock!
"Imagine having like 5 guys we trust to run the ball, Amazing

This fucking team guys"
"Member back in the first quarter “omfg were gunna lose” 

R-E-L-A-X"
"Gus ""7.9 YPC"" Edwards"
Can they stop going out of bounds 😂
"Ok, so it was a 5 minute drive with a FG. Still works."
Wasted a minute dumbass outside runs there
Another week it feels good to be a Raven
I like the implications
pick 6 coming up
Houston sports fans all collectively gathered outside the stadium as you can hear the boos
RGIII TIME!
So who’s our player of the game? The whole team ? Felt like a collective effort
ITS RG3 time again lmao
that will just about do it yeah?
#J K ALL DAY
Oh yeah. Dobbins is gonna be nice.
JK
Holy shit JK
I’m so fucking hungry for next Monday
"Who screaming ""get down""????????"
RIDE EM DOBBINS!!
Dobbins is a great open field runner. The turf monster almost got him there but he was crazy in college
Pray that Greg Roman doesn't try and fancy it up
Lamar looks a half step slower since he bulked up. Overall probably a good thing but we may not see another Bengals type play.
#RAY RICE
Watson a bitch begging for flags like that
Hey Jk maybe block somebody
"Listen I had a really hard week, I'm gonna need you guys to chill with the doom and gloom unless we're down 20 points in the last 2 mins of the fourth."
Looks like we're feeling the loss of Yanda
SERIOUSLY. PASS DEFENSE. WAKE UP
71 was way up field on that. Is he eligible?
Poor tavon young is made of glass
Brown won on that route. Gotta give him a chance.
FRUIT PUNCH
What’s the point of having Ingram if we don’t use him. Can’t just deep ball everything
"Got the best CB duo, but also the worst CB in the league to balance it out"
WHY ADD time!! This is rigged af
.....pass interference 100%
Refs robbed us of 7 WTFFF
"# Danny Lee Jesus ""D. J."" Fluker please"
"Don’t get me wrong I love our usual offense, but this type of offense hits different"
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS AND GIRLS
Dobbins is new but he should of got that block for Lamar coulda been a 1st
Tavon just can’t stay healthy
That dude is fragile as fuck. Jesus.
Stupid drive but points
Ok the missed tackles were probably just Martindale playing 4D chess for good field position.
Anyone else think this defense could be historically good?
COMPLETE TO TUCKER!
We need to run the ball
Was that a catch?!?
Oline keeping the Texans in the game
Opening gameplay was bad this game. Texans got rocked by the chiefs run game. We came out passing. The biggest downfall of this team is game planning and play calling. Same shit happened last season
Nice to see the refs only robbed us of 4 points instead of 7
We keep scoring and have no turnovers and everyone is screaming at our offense
Should have kept Carr
"Let’s go offense, let’s put a nice drive together."
Why are we running outside the tackles right now? Running out the clock is far more important than scoring.
Run the score up
Bob paid the refs smh
damn. refs hate you guys too? must be an AFC north thing
"I know we're winning but there is plenty to improve on right now.

Lamar had an open run lane for a first but instead threw it off-target to Hollywood in the end zone. Lamar in general is accurate today but his pocket presence is off.

Line is trash. Both offense and defense.

Offensive play-calling is off-rhythm. No Dobbins. Little Andrews. Extremely poorly done chance at end of half to capitalize on Peters's pick.

We better come out with a fire under us."
If they dont go for it they’re throwing in the towel.
"I’m more worried about staying healthy that I am winning this one. I mean, I want the dub but want everyone to finish the game healthy even more. These 1pm games have been brutal with some huge injuries."
Unrelated but can someone explain the Bills hype to me? They had the easiest schedule ever last year and this year they've scraped by the Jets and are losing to the Dolphins. They're a slightly above average team at best
"Aww, Denver finding a way to screw it up"
Fucking denver
okay rsvens time to reclaim first place
"Me before the season: ""Denver with the help of talented rookies such as Jerry Jeudy and with Drew Lock as QB will be a legit contender for the playoffs!""


Me now: :/"
"Ok, can we just end this trash Pittsburgh game and get to our coverage?"
HELL YEAH CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS!
I'm so afraid of todays match and not because of the match up but because of all the injuries around the league. Like people dropping all over the place smh
I love being in the zone for the game this week and not having to jump through ten hoops to watch the game.
How are y'all watching the game? Any streaming services?
It is really good to hear Kevin Harlan
Purple and White is such a sexy combo
"in other news, herbert is starting"
Here we go
"Hey, do you guys think Mark Andrews will be a Raven long term? (To buy or not buy a jersey)"
Good 3 and out there
3 and out baby!
Imagine punting on 4th & 1.
We suck at sweeps
Let’s fucking go
Get a turnover and get that momentum going
"Alright, we can just start the game for real now"
Time to wake up guys...
"cmonnnn Tavon down, nooooo"
And hes gone again
"FUCK

At least he’s walking"
"Oh no, another injury :("
Oh Tavon :(
Fuck tavon young hurt again
"Oof, that definitely popped out slightly"
"Call Ed Reed. I know he's bored and not doing anything right now. For old times sake, Ed."
Dude if he is injured again idk how we can keep him next year
"Knee sprain? Lets hope, be strong Tavon :("
Tavon Young is injured again god fucking damnit this guy is so frustrating to root for.
Maybe tavon will be ok
"Ok. I'll admit it. Through 1 game plus a quarter, I was wrong about Queen. Dude is a stud and I can't wait to see him develop."
YAS QUEEN
QUEEN KEPT FIGHTING
">DT Brandon Williams is dressed, but backup Justin Ellis started the drive and just went out for Derek Wolfe. Something to watch. - @jonas_shaffer"
Anyway I can watch the game without getting DMCA notice? My mom got one for last weeks game and it freaked her out lol.
Where was the protection?   (I like JJ Watt except NOW)
Who remembers 2013 when we were literally ecstatic for first downs
Terrible play
That guy with cleats same color as the ball got me excited for no reason
Lol are we gonna run the ball?
"I hate the head to head flag, but how was that not a penalty?"
NICE block by boykin
"Guys we will adjust, remember last year when we played them?"
rUn ThE bAlL
Guys.  Its the first quarter.  Calm. Down.
That was a good throw
"Fuck it, throw it to Andrews every play. No one can stop him."
"lol he did not need to hurdle at all though, just go around"
The CBS broadcast is fuckin awful. We keep missing the start of plays.
Where tf is our O-Line?
Boykin again!
Looks like Boykin might have a day
Alrighty... I am scared as shit 😂
Big first down!
We're rolling now
Dobbins? Ingram? Gus?
The way Lamar throws is art
Well at least doubtful means it’s probally a knee sprain and he’ll be back at some point.
We don’t run the ball anymore apparently
O LINE GIVE LAMAR A SECOND PLZ
Pound the rock
"I get so worried when Lamar runs lol, I feel like his mother."
Lamar i Iove you
"Roby is out there headhunting wtf, every single tackle he's going headfirst like Shazier"
Holy fuck free rusher on every play
Why is Hollywood in the backfield?
got tipped i think
Flat
"Take your points, brick by brick"
Jesus fuck
Bruh
just a nice job my deshaun. he's a more likeable big ben.
I miss Suggs
"It's one thing to get outran by Watson, but to get stiff-armed by him? Come on lol"
Ravens D  just got Lamar'd.
"Gotta be honest, that was impressive"
He's greased up with oil and butter
"Gotta get him down, but honestly that kind of pressure, no matter how experienced Watson is, has to rattle him on some level."
"Can't believe he wasn't whistled down, I think Ward let go."
Queen is the smart one and not going for the kill to make him throw it out
how tf did we let him go lmao
fuck lmao Watson is legit
Gotta stop this here
Fuck off the field fuckers
lol I love our guys but he made us look silly there.
bruh did they just call Elliot a Corner?
Any known streams for the out of towner's??
"I get Watson is slippery but damn, dude. Tackle the man! You practice against Lamar!"
Big oof
What call was that
Bob things
FUCK YEAH
Bill O'Brien gonna Bill O'Brien
D is playing their asses off. We aren't sacking but the pressure is for sure getting there. DBs doing the damn thang too
And this is when we pile on. That was a mistake.
Wasn’t Queen I don’t think
Fucking Bowser got thrown like a toddler 😂 that is not how you get the big money extension
"What in the fuck was that call?! I mean, go Ravens, but damn. So dumb."
Wink def knew they were gonna go for it and took the timeout
Great screen play
nice set up on the screen
Lamar is throwing darts!
"Interesting to see if Dobbins gets the touch here at the 1.

edit: gus bus"
Man I thought he was gonna get there
Boyle looked so dejected that he didn’t get in
TOUCHDOWN RICARD!!
Ricard making up for last week
TOUCHDOWN RAVENS!
Cool.
JuSt RuN tHe BaLl
Solid drive Lamar throwing lasers
yoooooooooo
WHAT A CATCH DAMN SON
Thank you BOB
Richard is Dat Boi.
Damn.  Akins a big dude
"Come on, defense! Work hard to get Lamar the ball back!"
"Wake me up when the playoffs start, this scrub Watson won’t be there"
A moving pre-snap defense will typically be a good one. Add the talent in and you’ve got a great defense
Whose the person out there responsible for coming up with m words to rhyme?
Where tf was Marlon running
Llama looks sad 😔
fuck
"FFS you gotta get ahead of that throw, they just got 36 yds"
Wake up D!
Come on let’s get a TO
This is bullshit
Fells is killing us.
ugh no thnk u
Okay yea that definitely should’ve been an ineligible man downfield
Defense forgot how to defense
I miss Tavon already 😔
Baker belongs in a book club.
Levine out of his depth back to back. He should only be a special teams player.
Mark Andrews time
Can anyone comment on how the chiefs are looking?
was that Duvernay's first career catch?
Jackson is such a pimp
Who gets ball at halftime?
"Looks like this year Lamar is going to be much more of a passer than runner.

More practical but not going to lie I’m going to miss the nutty rushing attack."
Coaching adjustment - Lamar doesn't always have his mouth guard in when he's handing it off. Defense can easily key on that.
Hollywood!!
"Nice catch, Tuck!"
"we need some trick plays to get Tucker in at wr. 


/s odviously"
HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Lol Justin Tucker the legend
##HOLLYWOOD
"HOLLYWOOD.

Massive first down! We need a touchdown here."
I get the feeling they wanted Ingram as the vet to be the primary ball carrier against a Texans D line led by Watt and out for some revenge from last year.
Am I the only one noticing Mark Ingram being open asf on those fake runs where he goes short to the side????? Like why not even try that
"Fun fact, I still have to mute the TV when JT kicks. I know he’s Mr. Automatic, but I’m still scarred for life from Hauschka (sp?) and Cundiff"
"lol, Fox for Cards-WFT just called Watson vs Jackson an NFC showdown."
"I don’t understand why Dobbins hasn’t been in more, he looked good last week. I hope they get him involved in the second half"
Fuck I love Marlon he’s always forcing fumbles
Harbs had the red flag in his hand. Challenge coming up?
OH LORT LJ FORT
#FRUIT PUNCH
MARLON HUMPREY PERFECTED THE PEANUT PUNCH
Of course it was Humphrey who punched it out!!
Punch Master Marlo
Hold that ball tight when Humphrey is around!!
Looked like he got in
HOLY SHIT!!!!???!!!
Snowball is about to get extra snacks tonight!!!!
"Aaaaand. HE'S SHORT BY A YARD! Damn, Kevin"
Whats under review?  To see if its a touchdown?
Td
Yo that Wendy’s pretzel burger looks sus
Can someone explain the fruit punch to me apparently I missed a meme
BLANKET FORT
Ok everyone take a breath now. We got this.
More good news: Chiefs are getting cooked by Justin Herbert
💜🖤💜🖤
building the fort in the end zone
We’re taking no prisoners
"I’m glad that we’re getting the train going, but can we just appreciate that it wasn’t Dan Fouts that was officiating when this happened?"
Buy Von Miller for the low EDC
We gotta knock Watson on his ass
Charles Tillman looks at Humph highlights and probably smiles
Fucking Peters.
YOOO
[All-Pro punch out by @marlon_humphrey 😈 - @Ravens](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EiY4RxjXcAAOLyp.jpg)
#MP JUICEMANNNNNNN
MP JUICEMAN
**MP JUICE MAN**
YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHH!
MP FUCKING JUICEMAN!!!!
My god is that clean!?!?!?!
WHAT A PICK
ODELL IN SHAMBLES JUST GOT SHIVERS DOWN HIS DANG SPINE.
The defense has finally woken up haha
I might cry guys
Y'all thirsty? Have a damn JUICE BOX!
Get that sorry offense off the field!
What a fucking catch by MP juice man! Most receivers couldn’t make that catch
Ravens need to PAY Lamar.
That. Was. Incredible.
Marcus Peters is a fucking hawk
What a pick!!!!
Holy shit
I wanna see hollywood in open space more
STUNTIN ON THESE HOES
MP JUICEMAN!!! LET'S GO OUT THERE AND GET A TD BEFORE THE HALF
Woooooo
WHAT A FUCKING PICK
PICK 6 SHAWTY!!
Our defense may not be our all time best but it is fun as fuck
Score here then get the ball first in the 2nd half.
Watson tried to break that tablet
MP JUICE MAN
PETERSSSSSS
Hey Deshaun! We ain’t the fucking Chiefs! You ain’t throwing that shit easy on us!
Watt's just damn good.
Too many sacks smh
I know it's JJ but OBJ is getting burned.
QB1 is pissed at that line
"J.J. Watt is great when healthy, Lamar Jackson is not bad for a runningback.... tell me something I didnt know."
Orlando Brown is getting bullied
"Where is Jackson's protection? Dang, JJ Watt is good.  And handsome."
JJ Watt is good relax guys
AGAIN! WTF
"Fuck I'm filthy with our oline. Weak, weak, weak."
My god this oline lmao
I'm cri
At least we get the ball back at half
Man our OL is struggling today
"LMAO pathetic protection.

Gotta call faster routes if they can't protect Lamar better than this."
Please stay healthy
Greg Roman forgot his specialty is running the ball.
They are pinning their ears back. Need to call a screen pass or draw to ease that pressure
FUCKING FINALLY
"it's okay to miss watson once, he's crazy slippery. just stay on him."
"if the oline showed up today, we'd be up like 30"
Where's Jimmy Smith? I hate having Averett out there
"The O-Line has been atrocious, but god bless Lamar and understanding that he can’t give the ball away."
"DEFENSIVE

ROOKIE

OF

THE

YEAR"
Bruh how we about to let Watson do this and get momentum going into half.
Averett more like ayy catch it
Anthony come on man
Very nice sack
"Get Averett outta there, dude is a liability"
Please let that flag be on Houston
"They're blitzing every play, just start calling screens until they soften up"
averett is not very good man
You would never guess Averett is a former Alabama DB by looking at his play in the NFL
What the ever loving fuck was that bullshit
"So....it's still 20-7. Right?

😑"
"Damn, only up 10 with a fumble return td and pick."
Put in Mekari or somebody on the line we need some stability there
"We made good adjustments at the half last week, let’s hope we do here."
Why we passing so much? Where's the run game?
"Up 10 at the half despite a shakey Oline/Run game play, and we get the ball back? All is good"
Definitely too much passing in the first half as well. We got 3 good backs gotta get them involved.
Fuck off refs
Refball
Wtf was that call?
Can't show the replay because nothing happened
Did they start pumping in crowd noise this half
"Today, our kicker became a WR and one of our WRs became a TE"
Gus Bus!
BEEP BEEP IT'S THE BUS
The Gus Bus has NO brakes!
Y’all weren’t ready for the BUS
So whats going on with Dobbins? Doghouse? Injury in Pregame? He had gotten 0 touches
Best this century 😎
We finally seem to be getting the running game going
DOBBINS
Holy Ray Rice Deja vu
i see ray rice
THERE'S DOBBINS
"Way to get us a first down, Dobbins!"
He looks so much like Rice
Dobbins is special yall
He wasn’t even looking at the ball
dobbins using that rice arm
Just had a realization about our time of possession on this drive. Unreal.
It's nice having ray rice back
"This drive has officially taken half the quarter.

Let's end it right, boys."
OL....geez man.
Jesus Christ line
Philips is killing us at RG
No PI??
Oof that was close
HOLY SHIT TUCKER. GOT ME WORRIED
I get we are up but this o line is really sad today
"Nailed It!  

&#x200B;

47-Yd Field Goal for Tucker"
Man what is up with our o line!?!
Tucker playing with us lol
Phillips is fucking shit
Oline is worse than dogshit
Bozeman is our best lineman at the moment (Stanley a close second) and that makes me suuuuper nervous
Lamar needs to throw it to the check down  . It might be a difficult throw but it’s the only option
cmon defense step up and get the ball back!
fuck yes
"Brought the house, and it fell on Watson like the Wicked Witch."
"B-Will getting pressure, I see you big boy!"
Bowser has been amazing so far
Watson is so good jesus
That was a good throw.
Averett sucks
WHAT THE FUCK
We can’t do better than Averett?  God damn that mother fucker sucks
Oof. Amazing pressure. But Averett not quite there.
That was a fucking beautiful pass
I’m so sad about Tavon
Lol
Has Hump even allowed a completion?
"Line needs to get better at picking up their assignments.

I know yanda is gone but this has been an inexcusable amount of missed blitzers."
Can Watson not set his feet and throw anymore? He does that high-school jump pass even when there's no pressure lol
"I know we have a 10 pt lead but it just doesn't feel like it bc we can barely stop the pass and the o line can't pass block to save their lives. And before you ask - no, I'm not a bandwagon fan from last year."
We need a touchdown
Houston’s wr corps is all-in on blazing fast #2’s lol
Get 6 sirs
Points or bust on this drive
Any news on Tavon?
"If you ignore the fact we are up and only look at the bad plays, we are playing god awful. /s"
Own td game over
Is there a way we can run the clock for 14:10?
SNEAD!!
NEED4SNEAD
GOOD JOB SNEAD
Nice to see the Ravens having multiple receivers with decent hands
remember that flacco era game where jj watt basically singlehandedly destroyed us? i can't remember the specific year.
"Man, JJ Watt has been an absolute beast today"
i really don’t care for plays to ricard
GO FOR IT!!!
Going through his reads.
Get em!
go for it
Hell yeah coach let’s go for it
WHAT A CALL!!!!!!!!!
#INGRAM YASSSSS
"LETS GOO

I have no idea what happened on that play BUT LETS GO"
NUT
G for it
BIG BOI
HOLY FUCK LETS FUCKING GO!!!
4 and 1 TD Letsss Goooo
Oh FUCK YEA!!!
Line did their job there nicely
"BIG BOY

NO LITTLE BOY"
BIG FUCKIN TRUSS
Wow.  I'm going to need to see that a few more times.
BIG BOI NO LIL BOI
BIG TRUZZZZ
W I L D C A T
YEEAH BABYYY
Truzzzzzz
MARK INGRAM 4TH DOWN TOUCHDOWN!!! LET'S FUCKING GOO
Little shot of our boy Hill there.
OH HELL YEAH!!!!
Fuck yeah boys and girls!
Dick hard
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!!!
This fuckin team man. Man United and the Thunder suck right now but the Ravens are giving me LIFE
Chiefs about to drop an **L**
There goes our offense big truss wooo wooooo
Not sure I’ve ever seen a play blocked that well.
Thank you thank you thank you
Anyone just see that dropped pass in the KC game? Lol
Clay Matthews had 8 sacks and is still a FA @EDC
I feel like there’s a decent amount of holding not getting called
THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT
Another sack!!!
Theres the sack
JOKER
JOKER SZN
There we go DeShon!!
Finally starting to feel good about this game (Pls football god don't jinx us)
Let's eat some clock.
"Lol, KC is not taking that L."
Boyle gives up on blocks so fast
Amazing tackle stopped a touchdown
What a freaking tackle. I thought he was gone.
Jackson had the whole outside and ran straight into the defender
Kinda disappointed that we didn't take that to the house lmao.
"Well, at least we're still terrible when it comes to challenges."
Yo again I ask where can I get that neck gaiter Harbaugh is wearing?
Good win obv but you gotta feel bad for the wasted talent in Houston
"Fake punt.  Sam Koch TD pass.  

I'll buy a Koch jersey immediately."
I feel like Stanley not having a good game....is this true?
Gus Bus is sneaky big
"I gotta say, Edwards looks a heck of a lot more explosive than Ingram so far this year."
GUS THE BUS
I heard Gus was once called the Bus.
Damn Gus Bus is fucking doing it today
Gus is going to get paid next year.
Gus Bus> Jerome Bettis
THE BUS LOST ITS BRAKES
RUN UP THE SCORE ON THEM
"you know what's an improvement, last season lamar had trouble keeping an eye on the play clock, but this year, he seems to be in complete control."
Boze on that play tho 😳
Gus is so damn talented. I hope we don’t trade him
These timeouts.... yikes
Lets see JK run it down their throat!
"Still think Gus should be our 1. I love Ingram, but Gus is my man."
Jk in the doghouse for something. What he do?
Chargers up 3
Lets get Lamar another passing TD
lamar jackson TD coming up
running out of bounds Lamar?  hmm.
"Also I was thinking this earlier, I don’t think JK quite knows the playbook yet and that’s why he’s not playing as much. But I’m just guessing"
Props to the texans LB’s they’ve been keeping up with lamar for the most part.
Why we extending the game lol run up the middle lol
"This was a gutsy win, but our blocks were so low-effort"
Today was a good day to have Tucker on your Fantasy team.
Rg3 time?
Anyone else just get a big ass smile looking at Lamar on the sideline?
GG GUYS LETS GOOO
Remember when people in here were just saying how our defensive pressure is awful?
Dayum
Lol we really out here adding insult to injury like this? 😂
"43 yards from 3rd string rb, yes please!"
glad we came out of this game with a W and mostly healthy.
This is tough for Houston. They haven't looked that bad these last two weeks but they seem like they have no heart left. Two games back in the division already too.
oof not gonna be able to physically watch the game next week gonna have to listen on 98 rock dont have ESPN anymore
LET'S GOOOO 2-0
lol game over!
Chargers/Chiefs likely going to OT (if the Chiefs don't win outright).
Can we make sad Texans a new meme?
LOL he really called a punt there huh
The crowd noise in this LA game is annoying. Like an annoying constant buzz
Our oline is straight trash
If Lamar made that pass his haters wouldn't shut up 🤣
Tavon injured? What else is new.
We aren't playing particularly well today. Guess I'm spoilt by our great play in the Lamar era.
"Laughably bad play calling here.  Yes, our line is bad and will offer no protection, so why aren't we dialing up a short pass or a draw?"
Dobbins needs to block
"Another day, another Tavon on IR"
Whelp there goes Tayvon Young
I'm pretty sure Tavon just ended his career. I really hope I'm wrong.
Holy shit we look like ass today.  Andrews is the only consistent player
Lamar is carrying us rn lol goodness
Is the field super shitty? Lamar keeps slipping.
"I know deshaun is good, but you have to get a sack there. Embarrassing"
Lmao tucker!!!
Tucker is a new WR
Put tucker at WR!
“Judon is getting close though” -someone who told me Clowney sucks cause he doesn’t get sacks
Now our OBJ is acting like a homegirl.
Time for Fluker at RG
The next Texans completetion raven's reddit is going to call for Bisciotti to sell the team
Amazing how these announcers really forget about the person who got this mobile QB trend started with Cam.
Do not go for it if we don’t get it.
Miles Boykin is such a good blocker
“Best in the league”???
Averett is fucking trash. What the fuck was that
Tavon’s just going to be one of those guys isn’t he? Fuck.
Can we trade for JJ Watt at halftime?
Online is having a hard time yes but it seems lamar is picking the wrong of the two holes every single time which is extremely uncommon.  Though no real blame on him considering he usually Always picks the right hole.
"Didn't get promoted?? BUY A CAR!! 

WE DEFINITELY CARE ABOUT WOMEN AMIRITE FELLAS?"
Well that was flat
Come-on rookie! you got to make that block
"First drive - Lamar scrambled during a 3 man rush. He usually stays patient at that point. 

2nd down play reminded me of the bills game."
Come on Matt. Gotta make that play.
Tavon is made of fucking glass man..
Every fucking year. Poor guy
Mahomes playing like shit today.
Mahomes is 2/8 for 14 yards after 1 quarter? I mean they'll almost certainly still win but that is pretty wild.
"The Texans are going to gain some yardage but make no mistake, there is absolutely nothing there for them right now anywhere on the field. This is some vintage ravens defense so far."
TUCKER
Damn. First bad pass from Lamar.
Seriously.  Fuck this week.
Fuck our o-line is terrible
Extremely lucky to be up by 13 now
Temper tantrum!
"Well, just make the ref fumble and they’ll add time for you"
"The defense ended the half with a penalty filled choke job, think the same thing happened last week but we escaped without giving up anything"
I’ve seen a lot of BS officiating in my life but giving time back to the opposing team so that they have enough time for a fg? That’s beyond ridiculous
Dude was open.
Shit coverage by Queen
Why the hell was Queen playing at corner?
Was nervously waiting for a flag there on Marlon
"I never watch broadcast TV except during football season.  Damn, these commercials suck.  Even worse during an election year."
Imma need Mandrews to go off these next 7 minutes to hel my fantasy team
That was so risky
##Put Gus Edwards in the Ring of Honor
"Props to the Oline, they're winning the battle when they know what's coming."
"There's no reason for Lamar to carry, let alone go out of bounds there."
Take 3.
Run up the score plz
Ferguson can’t even get off a running back bro
imma be honest... don’t flame me fellas... I think Baker’s commercials are funny.
This play calling is trash
"Honestly. It's not ""spoiled"" or ""annoying"" for wanting to have the team mix up the plays. Use the running backs we have. They can help"
Mahomes will eat this secondary alive. We're going to have to blitz 6 the whole game.
Broncos 👀
Please broncos 👀
steelers bout to lose to a back jeff driskel
I really hope this game finishes before our game starts
At least theres no way for this game to go into OT
Still not over
will the Steelers play against real football teams this year besides us?
Man this game sucks I can't wait for Lamar to put 60 on the Steelers. FTS.
Broncos choking again 🤦🏽‍♂️
Fuck
"Every time I see a score that shows the underdog making a game interesting, literally within two minutes of me turning the game on, they fucking tank and do something stupid."
Had to switch over to the Washington game. Really can’t sit through this Steelers game until ours starts
Ravens game day boys. Let’s go!!
Damn Steelers always getting lucky against awful teams.
I’m watching Sunday ticket. Where’s the game?
Oh yes Harlan is commentating Im so happy
Texans won and elected to receive- they know if they give the ball to Lamar to start they’ve got no chance.
All the homies LOVE Kevin Harlan
We are off
LETS GO
BOW SHIT !!! HOL UP ! MOVIE
did CBS fuck up and not show us the first 2 plays
Nice 3 and out to start D.
PUNT
3 and out!
HELL YEA JIMMY
Smith did his job there.  Nice.
Nicely done Defense!
Harrison is already starting? Wow thats crazy!
I love it when teams receive first
"R A V E N S 

RAVENS!!!"
"whats up my dudes, couldn't watch last week so this is my kickoff today

and to make it all better, it's kevin harlan on the call

lets fucking go!!!"
F***
LET'S GO D
No tavon
Jesus christ man
"Tavon again, oh no."
Oh God no Tavon
Welp
Tavon pls
Goddammit tavon
thats not ideal
Oooph bad landing
FUCK
🙃🙃🙃
FUCK
"That did not look good - gotta feel for Tavon man. Second year in a row. What a terrible day for injuries, but not a good way to start."
What even happened there?
what a surprise
Hopefully it's just a knee sprain
The falcons are having the hardest 28-3 flashbacks right now
"Fuck man, was so excited to see him play this year w/ MP and marlo"
Id rather see Jimmy outside now and Marlon in the slot
watson does have good escapability. that was nice pursuit.
"Good pressure there, and nice play by Queen"
Good DEFENSE!
Good job D
PUNT
LFG
Finally they got him down
"Not a sack, but I'll take pressures all day, everyday."
Hope my dude Young is good. Wearing his jersey that I never wear too much and of course :(
Ok shake off the last drive and get some momentum here
I like how we've already touched the qb more than we did last week.
Come on guys  you need to have faith. Have faith in my bobby
Let's fucking do something now
Ditched my wife making Halloween decorations to watch the game.  Im in trouble.  But don't care
Watt is just good.
What the fuck offense??
78 you awake??
Run the ducking ball
\#FFS WE GOTTA PROTECT LAMAR
MANdrews
MANDREWS!
JJ is gonna be disruptive lol
Andrews there we go!
"Nice, but no need for the hurtle there, Mandrews."
Helmet to helmet
handrews do be looking like white drake.
Those first few offensive plays were an hommage to our pre-Lamar days
Gotta love how the Texans PA people accidentally made the fake crowd cheer during a big play for the Ravens haha
Literally zero runs lol
Have we ran the ball at all yet????
The o line is looking like an issue early
Big boy Boykin.
Good play Boykin
God the people in this fucking game thread man. You would think we would be down 21 by the way people are talking
Hell yea Myles
Offensive line needs to wake up
Let’s go Miles!
Run. The. Bal..
Yes Boykin nice slant
How bout our runningbacks take some carries...
Has anyone seen our o line?
"The o-line looks awful, what's going on?"
There he is!!
Now this looks like the ravens offense
Is stunting happening?!
Oof that injury report does not sound good
We rollin now boys. Don't forget the Texans are still a good team
Is Tavon done for the year again? That would be devastating for him
They aint running the ball cause our interior line had some trouble against Cleveland Last week. How ya'll think they will do better against the Texans d-line who is 10x better than Cleveland
>Ravens cornerback Tavon Young (knee) doubtful to return - @AaronWilson_NFL
Damn it.  Need Young
lamar's doing a good job avoiding injuries so far
O-line has been hot shit. Lamar keeping the drive alive every play
Both tackles seem confused
Nice route by Boykin.
Lamar such an escape artist
"Finally seems like the O is getting a rhythm, but it'd be nice to get the backs involved."
What a run
"Shame Lamar got caught there, they faked out Watt real good"
"I like the 3. Definitely wanna see more running plays to our RBs though. Can't complain about the drive though, D is holding it tf down"
Both defenses came to play today
TACKLE!! And damn Watson is strong.
Damn dude I hate those plays lol
"Dang, is DS greased up??"
PUNT!
Sneaky Watson
Credit to our secondary for holding it down through that 3rd down
Are you serious Ward?
We have to finish these tackles guys.
Sack that MF goddamnit!!
Bruh the play clock was on 2 just let it run out
Watson is really good at breaking tackles
Watson just too strong?? lol
So this is what other teams feel
FUCK YEAH
Want that face covering Harbs has. Anyone know if it's for sale?
#DEFENSE
Thank you very much
Horrible call by Texans
LET'S GOOOOOOOOO!
thats embarrassing
AW YISS. MOTHER.FUCKING. ##PRESSURE
Queeeeeeen
Lmaooooo
LFG
GET YOUR FUCKING WEAK SHIT OUTTA HERE!!!
Let’s get a TD here
RECEP-BACK
Oh yeah I like that
Ingram took a hell of a shot and didnt even flinch.
Haven't seen a screen in years
"Goes for it on 4th down in their own territory and doesn't get the first...

*The connection to your peer has been lost.*"
Reminder. We were only up by one score at the end of the first quarter of last year’s Texans game. Then we feasted.
Wasn't our score something like this after q1 against Texans last year?
"That was... a strange move by BoB. No fans, low energy, 3-0 game. You just manufactured energy for the Ravens, man! 😂"
Dunn is a big boy
Bozeman block was fire
Bob is glad he has a mask on to hide his red ass face rn
i have it on good authority that greg roman read all of your complaints. tyfys
##yasss screen
Boyle just can't buy a TD
Omg Boyle almost!
I thought that's was 6 for sure
I'll fucking take it
Gotta lead him just little more Llama lol
WE JIVIN NOW
"I’m happy to see Hayden succeed today, but we’re still good without him"
TOUCHDOWNNNNNNNN
Good Work patty
😍😍😍😍
I’ll take it lol
Nice job ric
Juiceman pick 6 plz
RECEP-BACK!
"I say Texans, you say fuck em, Texans"
What's the rule again for blocking kicks? Seemed like a lot of Texans lined up on one side.
Anyone from AZ know why our CBS isn’t showing games today?   It’s three hours of paid programming in place of the game lol
"Come on, D!"
Pass rush needed desperately
Seeing lineman just standing around as a play ends give me war flashbacks to middle school and I love it
Fuck
oof. Marlon abandoned the TE. was he expecting help?
who's man
"Double, awful yuck"
SMH
Fuck
Alright. Get one back
"Ok 

Let’s go"
It's really disappointing that Ferguson or Bowser aren't starters at DE/OLB yet. We need a serious upgrade in those positions.
ibm WATSON hahahahahaha
"Need a touchdown drive here.

Texans are a good team, Watt is back and we're in their house after blowing them out in ours last time."
"Marlon tried to pull a Peters and jump the outside route, ended up handing Fells a first down"
Levine showing why he stays on special teams still after this whole time
Lamar is sharp
Duvernay!
Lamar's throws just look so much more crisp this year.
DUUUUUUUUUU
DUV
Love Devin
Beautiful throw.
Where’s JK
How come our fake hand offs look a lot more fake this season...?
Interesting that we're not trusting them deep yet.
Yeah man it’s not as easy for us to run to the right without yanda.
Jk time
Lol Tuck
I fucking love this team
HOLLYWOOOD
HOLLYWOOD!
That's an easy 26 yards
Hollywood always seems so close to turning those jets on
Holly
🎥🎥🎥
Tucker is automatic
I’ll take those points thank you very much
I wish we were running as much as we were play action(ing)
"Now this might be hard for you all to understand, but JK might not be a good matchup against this d line. Also, he'll be much fresher later when the d is tired"
YESS I STARTED DST
I JUST CREAMED
Just when y’all were losing truss
Hell yeah. Let's punch this one in!
I think he's in
Humphrey the Hammer
I liked that.
That fucking punch
Marlo is that motherfucker
Thanks for the ball Houston
FRUIT PUNCH!
HUMPS GOT THAT PEANUT PUNCH IN HIS BAG!!!!
"LETS GOOOOO. Also, how the hell did they miss that hold on Judon??"
LJ FORT
Oh come on ref give him that td!
That’s a TD baby!
LETSSS FUCKKIIIINN GOOOO
HELL YEAH!! I’M WEARING MY HUMPHREY JERSEY TODAY TOO!
Fuck yea
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Fort TD lets go Fort!!!
Let's go!!!!
Wow I didn't realize Fort fumbled that after the score. Almost pulled a Mosley
Hollywood was gonna let Deshaun eat shit into the bench lmao
HOLY SHIT MP JUICEMANNNN
What a grab by Peters!!
FUCKING PETERS!!!!!!
great catch
That shit was beautiful
What an INT!!
HOLY SHIT that pick
WHAT A FUCKING CATCH
You love to see it!
that was a beautiful catch by Peters
 Peters!!!
That was an incredible dive!
MP JUICE MAN!!!!!!!
I love our secondary :'-)
MP JUICE MAN!
Now we gotta game goin
Announcer should know it doesn’t matter if it touches the ground as long as he’s in control of it when it does
Fuck he could have been a wr lol
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!
I’m just picking up on it
What's up with the lack of deep play attempts? Is it because of the amount of pressure Lamar is under?
Can we get some fucking protection for Lamar? Please?
"Jimmy’s turn, please?"
"Watts still got it, dang"
F***
Can we actually protect Lamar?????
Watson looks like he wants to end it all lmao
Why aren't we running the ball?
We're making the plays but the Texans are manhandling some guys out there. A lot more physical.
Fuck
Rare bad play
He looks OK
Holy shit... bad goes to worse.
Not stanley...again.
Please be okay Stanley. We need you
No reason to call such a play on offense. You know our o line can’t hang on for more than a few seconds so there’s very little chance our WRs can run a longer route. Need quick hits not long slow developing pass plays come on
Stanley doesn’t look too distraught
Alright defense no points let’s go to the half
Roman needs to play all to their strengths. Gun the whole game.
Wouldn’t a pick 6 be fun here?
Terribly managed drive there. That was a chance to really put the Texans up against it.
Such a weird game
Anyone got any O-Line players for a 5th rounder?
This new overly pass happy play calling along with our struggling OL is really pissing me off now
"Oh, yeah we can get sacks too, baby!"
Shocked that we were actually able to tackle watson there
There's the sack we needed!
QUEEN
Bowser deserves a contract extension over Judon so far
I got excited for a sack but nvvm
"Judon needs to break down and tackle, he keeps diving and wiffing"
Bs call
QUEEEEEEEEN
Averette is bbq chicken
Ofc a convenient penalty
Can we fucking tackle? Jesus Christ
Defense shitting the bed now...
Home game clock operator is friendly
Nice referee escort on this drive
"Okay, ref. What are you seeing? 😂"
What’s the noise I hear in the broadcast?  I thought they weren’t pumping crowd noise at the stadium.
"Put Jimmy on the outside man, this is why we signed him"
"We just rushed 2, wtf?"
We need to chill tf out
What in tarnation
We adjust and get the ball back next half. We're still up two scores people
"As long as the line play is cleaned up next half, we should be fine"
"6 point swing cause of that sack. Oh well, still in good position."
This is defensive battle imo neither of our lines are holding up.
Chest pain? WTF is that lol
"Not apart of the local market and the CBS game for my area is the chiefs game. Fuck me I guess. 

How is the game so far"
What is pollards beef?
"Damn, that Washington/Cardinals game is speeding! They're already 5 minutes into the 3rd quarter."
We knew oline would not be the same without Yanda
Stanley is hurt and looks like it and Brown jr. Is getting embarrassed by Watt. We need to do something.
omg bullshit flag
🙄
great job Boykin
Boykin TE?
"""Boykin the tight end"""
Wait Boykin is a tight end?
boykin just chilling where he needed to inbetween
Did Boykin play TE in college?
There is a reason they keep calling pass. They aren’t able to get enough push on Oline.
GUS BUS!
Where is Dobbins?
Nice run gus
Let’s get the Bus chugging baby
THA WHEELS ON THA BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
THE GUS BUS ROLLS
Da busss
Love Boykin ❤️😩
GUS BUS let's get that run game going!
Lamar has been deadly with his voice today
Now we running
Dobbins might not be a strong blocker yet
Keep Gus in over Mark rn if we’re just gonna act like JK doesn’t exist lol
"Gus is a beast for bit DLs.

Even if JK is an everydown back I love rotating power and speed backs"
I love Seeing Gus getting physical
JK!!!
That was some terrible blocking lol
JK!!
JK Rolling
Dobbins you fucking stallion.
I like that Dobbins
Love that second effort by dobbins
"Dobbins giving me Ray Rice flashbacks

Get JK'D"
Looked like Ray rice
Dobbins has received a target from his coach. Dobbins is a free RB!
AMAZING PLAY BY DOBBINS
Dobbins fresh in the second half.  Let's get it
jk had has  the hand like ray
"Orlando Brown, I love you man but you are getting eaten alive against Watt today..."
Fucking oline
**UGH O-LINE**
Obj is getting worked.
"I want to see an option play with Llama, Dobbins, BUS, Ingram, and (fuck it, why not) RG3."
Can our OL block?
"Where is our o-line today? Texans D is not good, yet we are getting manhandled"
Really not liking our O-line play
Kinda fucked up that you can’t challenge a no-call
"Damn, you could see the shadow of the ball on the goal post as it passed. Hard to get closer than that without hitting. Still the GOAT"
"Man I miss Yanda. His presence made the two guys next to him better, and it's showing these first two games."
Dont think Phillips was as ready as Harbs thought he was. Skura is playing slightly scared it looks like which is to be expected coming off such a serious injury. Bozemen has held up decently though.
Start Fluker and start Dobbins.
Lamar ran straight into that sack. Phillips picked up the stunt pretty well tbh. Still unsure about him  but that one wasn't a miss
Come on D make a play! We need yall
Eww Ray look creepy af in that pic lol
13 pt lead not bad
Come on defense tighten up
there we go
nice!!
BIG BABY
That tackle holy cow
Nice tackle Averette!
"Thank god we sacked him, Cooks was wide open"
SACK
"Yeah, both of these o-lines are trash today"
23 powned
What the hell did Watson do to piss off his own Center this much?
Jesus Christ deshaun is a beast.
How
That was a great play god damn
Nvm lol
How did that throw arrive?
Come on man
I thought that one was PI
This ad is worse than The Champ is Here. Very 2020
"We need to rally back on offense next drive. Go down field, take time off and score a TD. Field goals will win it but we want to win with confidence!"
Stills smiling at humphrey like he even came close to catching it
Need a stop here. Defense needs to show some fire.
Goddamn it Calais
Nice hold
"We drained 15 minutes of game and kept the margin 10.

I consider this an absolute win."
Noice
This is the way.
"Run the ball, convert with Mandrews on third. Get it done! Letssssss gooooooo!!"
"That, right there, helping up the opponent, is what makes Lamar Jackson an awesome human."
Willie pinballing through the D
SNEEAAAAD
Slippery as a rain drop!
Watt is definitely showing up today
I'm so conflicted. These are two great plays but they are moving down the field faster than my fatass when it's meal time
I want 2 td passes by lamar
Gus is freaking unstoppable
Fuck it go for it
Damn I wish we had a big physical WR like Boldin used to be.
OMG YES
Mark ingram or Lamar jackson? I can't tell
"And this, too, is the way."
BOOM!!!
INGRAM!!!!!
WHAT A PLAY CALL!!!
Let’s goooooooo. Dagger!
Let's fucking gooooo
God I love Mark Ingram!
NO LIO BOI
FUCK YEAH!
I was questioning not getting 3 there but lol @ me.  That was awesome.
30 YARDZ BABY!  Biggg TRUZZZZZZ
THATS BALL GAME BIG BOI!
Mark Mf Ingram!!
HAHAHA FUCK YES INGRAM STILL GOT IT
**INGRAM**
YESSIR
LMAOOOOOOO
Drink to that my brothers!! We can relax now
"What a call, thank the football gods it worked or it wouldve been a terrible call. Am I right boys?"
DER D
Holy shit one of our lineman got their ass handed to them on that last play.
"Make em work for it D, nothing fast"
Ughhhhhh.... this what yall dont need
Is it me or is Ward getting no push on that left side?
Elliot is the enforcer out there.
Cmon defense game ain’t over yet
Not sure if Texans looking good on offense or our defense not on point
I hate this prevent d we're playing
That was actually a really good route by Cobb
Is tht a humphrey sack?
Gotcha!
Deshon szn
I’m glad we’re getting to play a game this physical and seemingly close. Defense needs to fight through the rest of this quarter.
LET'S GET THAT SCORE. GO RAVENS
I really enjoyed the Ingram TD with Lamar at WR and a RB at QB
"Ah, here comes the Pat Mahomes comeback"
I need some GUS in the 4th quarter.
[deleted]
How is Mahomes so good
Chiefs looking at our game so they gotta come back lol
Great stuff. That Ingram run was chef’s kiss
That would have been six if it wasn't for that tackle.
is Jah Reid available?
Damn Mahomes that was a crazy pass
Just no reason for designed Lamar runs in the fourth quarter up 14.
That's a FIRST! WTF REFS!!!
Go for it!
"saved the touchdown

daaamn"
Fuckin Mark needs to finish that block
Send it
Seriously
Big truss here on this call.
I haven't been watching but I assume Herbert's been balling
"If it ends up being short, I don’t think it’s a good idea to go for it even though we’ve been very successful in the past."
Let’s go for it coach!
Challenges make me anxious
Ez
Was that ball game?
WFT coming back a little~
Gus is so fucking good
This dudes got balls the size of Texas
KC roughs the passer on a 3rd down play where it was an incomplete pass
Wind that clock!
is Ingram not fit to play?
They have hardly played Dobbins today
Guys the Bus!!!
Boykin blocking downfield is awesome. Kid is the unsung hero of this run game.
GUS BUS
Gus for MVP
"chill edwards, i can only get so hard"
"fuck it let's see a strike into the endzone here, Brown or Andrews"
Ejection!
Was that #90s second ?
Did the Chargers bench Tyrod for Herbert?
"Gimmie another Lamar TD for fantasy purposes. Would prefer rushing but will settle for passing, I'm not fussy!"
Somebody stay in bounds
Buried
CHUCK
"Ugh, that's Kevin Harlin. He's totally obsessed with me 😏"
"Fuck it -- play action Lamar to Hollywood touchdown!

.../s. Kind of."
Texans quit on themselves
somehow chargers let Mahomes scramble for 21 when they needed 20.
GOOD JOB TEAM
Tavon Young likely out for season...
Few bad plays and we trash again. GTFO fake ass fans.
O-Line needs to get their shit together man. We should be up 27 or 23-7.
"Guys, it’s one bad drive. Reeeelax"
And Tavon might have torn his ACL again.   Another sacrifice to this Bloody Sunday in the NFL.
Not sure why we’ve completely abandoned the run. Ingram and Dobbins just not getting any touches on two drives already
Trash ass offensive line
Blatant fixing by the refs there.
RGIII has the best smile
I don’t think people realise how good Texans D is. We can’t be super human all the time.
I told you guys o-line was gonna struggle. Those of you who downvoted me owe me money.
Just bench Lamar too risky to play him this week. Everyone's going down
pls run the ball
"Trash first drive ,"
"Some guys just have awful luck. Plays in 2nd game since 2018, gets injured again and it doesn't look good."
"Young injured again, big fuckin surprise"
"Dude, Andrews needs to stop jumping."
Just protect the ball pls Lamar
Might want to consider shuffling up the o-line. Looks terrible
"Texans are such a dangerous team. Glad we took the points there but... dang, a TD would've felt great there."
We left our tackling at home
Thanks BoB
Not looking great
Elliot looks slow there
"Where are our corners? This should be an easy strap up man coverage kind of day by Marcus, Marlo, and Jimmy"
I'm really starting to hate the fake crowd noise about as much as I do laugh tracks on network sitcoms.
"LaMaR cAn'T tHrOw

-haters"
Hot Take. Duv is going to be our next Jacoby.
Nice catch by tucker
Nice pass to Tuck
"Put Tucker in, he'll get a td"
I feel like the offense is being too cute rn
"Two possession game after the refs gifting them 3, lmao keep helping them refs they need it"
Hope our O-line shows up for the second half...
Y’all need to settle down lol. The world isn’t going to explode if we don’t score 3 touchdowns per quarter
Everyone is blaming the OL for that sack. That sack isn't the OL's fault.
They’re just driving up and down the field smh
"This game is far from over, especially if they stay uptempo and we play prevent or some nonsense."
Excellent block by Bozeman!!
GO FOR IT
Run the fucking score up fuck RG3 lol
I hate when lamar takes knee’s because it hurts his rushing stats. Dudes gonna take like 50 knees this year and his ypc average will drop a bunch
why was Queen outside guarding 1 on 1 like that?!?!
I honestly expected more from us. Big ups to the Texans for making us earn it.
"Greg Roman you dumbass you need to run, kill clock, and hit the field goal but no you wasted the turnover and now Stanley is injured"
[deleted]
"Man we could see the makings of a bad Oline in the browns game, but now it's really hurting us against a bad team."
"I'm glad the refs can just give free timeouts whenever they want

NFL hates us cause we love our players and support BLM"
Y’all always gotta complain about something huh
Unpopular opinion but I get a lot of entertainment from some of the content on TikTok I'll be sad to see it go
I could care less what they did before the game. I don’t need a kneeling update every week on what the team did and what anthems they did or did not stand for
"Ugh,  4th down :("
The interior oline is still weak I see
Dammit Tavon Young just can't stay healthy.
He can never stay healthy!!!
Tavon and injuries man
"Well, we resigned Jimmy Smith to a one year prove it kind of veteran deal and he yet again can't make the field.


Correct me if I'm wrong but I think Averrett is in instead."
Another year our return game doesn’t exist lmao
"WHY SRE THEY TRYING TO KILL LAMAR, CALL A FUCKING RUN."
"The o line has regressed so much, what a damn shame"
Llama gonna run out of energy by the 2nd quarter RUN THE DAMN BALL
Ready for dubs for both my Ravens and Lakers today
"I'm sad I have to miss the cards and chiefs game because I'm focusing on ours. But at the same time, we the best, so am I really missing out?"
"i don't hate mahomes, i really like him, but i do hope he lays an egg in his game because why on earth is this not the national game."
TUCKER WITH THE GODLY CATCH
Marlon Punch-free
"This is why you run the ball, to freeze their ends and give yourself 3rd and shorts. The play calling hasn’t been good. This game has been all our defence. Our only td came on a 30 yard field. The offence needs to establish the run, idk why we keep passing on 1st and have given dobbins 0 carries. Last time we abandoned the run like this was the playoff game"
There are going to be problems if they bring this play to Pittsburgh
"We don’t need Yanda, it’s week 2. Chill."
Refs trying to bail out the Texans and make this a game.
We’ve played very sloppy and still are up 20-7. We need to wake up now
Learn to wear a mask you fucking ancient zebra cunt
"Any way we can realistically improve our pass rush this season? Like, who we can trade for or something?"
"Not sure how you make that play with him shoving you like that, blatant pi"
You guys are new to Lamar Jackson if you think this O line punishment is new to him. All that chaos is way too familiar to him.
AVERETT with a good play??
If young is out for a while we really should trade to get someone other than everrett
cant have those mistakes right now. Make a play d
Awful throw
Not good for Lamar.  Stay inbounds.
Man do we have the best 1-2-3 RB lineup in the league or what?
The Gus Bus's gas mileage/battery range just went up.
The bus is just working them right now
GUS BUS....CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKERS
"Where was Andrews all game, wtf?"
Is Stanley still out? Yall Oline ain't holding it down like normal.
Yooo why is Lamar not bailing out?
"This shit is fucking rigged, FFS!"
Texans are just one good drive from making this a one-score game.
Time for some Texan bbq!
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hey all!  Getting excited and annoyed b/c CBS dc has not switched over yet .
Anyone have a stream link?
Wait is this happening
Will they wait until the squeelers game ends to start ravens game?
Pit lose soon
I need a link to watch the game can someone help me out?
Squealers still blow
I called out of work for this
they gonna finish the steelers game on cbs before they jump over?
anywhere to stream this?
whos got a link bruh im at work
"As a new fan, are the Texans good or is it gonna be another blowout?"
I too am looking forward to a robust game of football
Oooo got the home jerseys on
Ah ok here we go!
"Watch them fake it lmao
Edit. I'm surprised they actually punted it knowing that they have BoB"
"Ahh, yes. Now I get to see what a good team looks like."
LET'S GOOOOO LAMAR. LET'S GO RAVENS!
"Run, run, run the ball."
Let’s get the running attack going again
Those numbers are insane
The fucking zip on that ball.
LFG
LETS GOOOOOOO
It’s weird hearing the NBA 2K guy announcing football
Atta Boyyyykin
Bruhh
28 TDS 1 INT JFC
awful
Are they even pumping in crowd noise? It's so quiet
FUCKKKKKKK
F
Great
Fuck today
Man
Looks serious
It has to be worth something that he didn’t get carted off and got up pretty quick
Well he was due to get injured in the preseason.... so this is par.
The knees are compromised today
Averett is ok
Good stop
Get ready to watch Averett get burned
Queen is a king
"great stop defense, pray for Tavon!"
Queeeeen
Long live the Queen!
Monstars
Hope Young is Ok.
Let’s go O
What's the most important piece on a chessboard?
ProfootballDoc thinks it’s an ACL injury for Tavon https://twitter.com/profootballdoc/status/1307781548364578816?s=21
Lamar scores  2 td in 6 minutes
Are we not allowed to run today?
Ouch
We're getting close to blocking these punts
bad start for the offense
"Ugh, we NEED Ronnie Stanley..."
Not pounding the rock!  The Hell!!!
Nowhere to go on that play
Ugh
One first down. Let's go.
FUCK YES
Lovely block
Mandrews
Man loves to hurdle
Lamar is my dad Andrews is my papa
BEST TE IN THE LEAGUE
I fucking love Mark Andrews
There we go
Anybody got a working stream?
Nice block by Boykin.
Fucking Mandrews
Lmao y'all have lil truzz
I don't get the play calling thus far
Boykin with a man sized block
Bless you Mandrews
That's more fucking like it
Wtg Mandrews. Now let’s run.
RUN THE BALL!!
RUN THE BALL! HARBS!!! >:(
Is ingrim hurt?
Did the rbs suit up today?
How was that Roby hit on Hollywood not a flag for leading with the crown?!?
Andrews really need to watch the hurdling. He's going to get hurt
Mandrews hurdling brings back bad memories
Mama there goes that Mandrews
RUN DAMMIT
I love boykins block there. How come we havent ran the ball a single time except for the sweep? Running backs?!
Uh run the ball bb
O-line looks baaaaaad so far
Roman you are really confusing me here
Wow. What a throw. Also Oline...how about a second or two?
Did not like that landing from Mandrews.  Me no like helmet hitting ground hard.
Isn’t Lonnie Johnson the guy who misspelled his name on his SAT?
MAndrews! Nice block by Boykin too
Are we just passing vs AFC south teams or what?
Beautiful run by Lamar there.
Lamar nice!!
FINALLY A DECENT RUN
Cool.  Cool.  I think they just needed a series to remember that not every team is the the Browns.
Boykin has much improved
"Fuck, Young's done for the day probably"
Ravens marching!
YES Slants to big body receiver finally!!!
FUUUUCK. Poor Tavon
T Young knee problem....no dah
"Well crap, Young likely done for the day"
"FUCK,  we need Tavon"
Classic lamar right there. Love it
gus almost plowed through that tackle
Tavon Young best nickel CB in the league for 1 game you get out of him a year
Llama is showing off
"Yes, but slide FEET first Lamar..."
Omg lamar is so fucking good
Hold my breath every time he goes face first.
a cleanse of pallet after watching my man burrow try to be lamar lol
Lamar is good
"love gus, even on 3 yard runs"
Good drive by the offense. The defense is getting some good rest with this drive.
3 in a row?
No one went to pick up Lamar :(
lamar fast
Any decent slot corners available? Losing tavon’s a big blow to our depth
Broken ankles!
Cunningham is pretty good it seems
I miss Yanda
Hollywood wants nothin to do with Watt lol
Go for it!
ITWT
we don't seem to be using the fake handoff look that we used a lot last year.
A lot of new fans were not here when every game was within 3 and came down to the last play I see lmaoooo
Houston would have 7 on the board of we had just picked Baker up in the draft. Shit.
Its early in the season they are showing some looks for upcoming teams to study
Defense make a play
Everybody. Don’t care anything else but please stay healthy until the chiefs game.
How is Lamar so young!!!
Run D looks good
But yeah let JK/Ingram run a little
Stuff these fuckers.  Get um off the field
"Least we forced the 4th, no 1st down. But Jeeeeeeezz we need better rush"
"I know tackling Deshaun isn’t easy, but that was awful"
Really suprised that wasn’t blown dead
When did the Texans pick up Russell wilson?
"Shit, I was so stress. Lucky he got out so many tackles, he should've thrown it away like 20 times that play."
Fucking make the tackle
YES
hell yeah!
DEFENSE
"Lol, Watson had no chance"
Big oof
Bill o'brien... wow
Who had the QB pressure?
Trust BoB to make a horrible decision
Let’s go boys!!!
"Unrelated, but where can I get that neck gaiter that Harbaugh's wearing?"
I’m gonna need two TDs to Hollywood for my fantasy team.
I know nobody cares about fantasy but I just traded Watkins for Hollywood minutes before kick off I'm stoked
BoB is gonna BoB
There’s my Ingram
Angry Ingram.
Texans had a mini bye everyone chill
Jk dobbins td incoming
This is a nice drive.
Ram this one in like it's Jenna Jameson.
There's Ingram
Lamar's a gunslinger.
TUDDER
hot damn
Alright D let’s get it
"D just punked em hard, forced the T.O."
Why did the Texans decide not to pump crowd noise?
Wide open
Too much time!!!
Whew.
Just like that
False start??
Damn
Fells eating our lunch
Burn the clock and get the ball back next half and double up on scores
Those passes to the TE who is so much bigger than our DBs....really hard to stop even with perfect coverage. Dunno what you are even supposed to do there.
Pls respond rn Offense we’re fortunate that BoB is an idiot
Stream?
Offsides
"Damn, first flag?  Clean game"
Let’s get it!
DUVERYAY
Jackson’s ability to turn an aggressive blitz against them is just fun to watch
Yes.  Need more Ingram!
We got this
"Move those chains, move those chains, move those chains, HUAA!"
Oh Boy!
Tuck with the catch! Goat
That was harder than it needed to be
Lamar and the receivers are playing great
lot of open receivers down the field.
"Man, he juuuuuust barely got Hollywood"
Damn.
Fuck
Awww
Tucker is so damn good
that show actually looks good to me
Great special teams play by Board
Where the hell is JK DOBBINS TODAY
"This is a good game to get out if sync. Texans are really good and if we can grind this out, it might show some of our coaches and players our deficiencies before the game vs chiefs."
And just like that we run away with it
LET'S FUCKING GO DEFENSE
AND THAT'S HOW YOU GET BACK D!
"FUCKING COWARDS, GIVE MY MAN HIS PICK 6"
FUMBLE TD LETS FUCKING GO!!
"Long Texans drive here for a TD to end the half would be... bad! Let's get hype (for the first time this game), defense."
Just thought to myself we could use a fumble
😍😍😍😍
Fruit Punch is in season
...
please let this stand
FALCON PUNCH
You love to see it!
MARLOOOO LETS GOOO
hey thats a touchdown
LET'S GOOO
Our defence just played right.
He ain't even step out!
MARVIN FOR DEFENSIVE MVP
WOO
Nothing to review here. Ravens ball 🙄
Thats a TD right? Looked good to me
He made a football move after catch the ball it’s a fumble.
Marlon is gonna get his bread soon
TD!
I called it!
td.
Ahhhhh yeahhhh
Let’s go!!!
Big Willy!
Let's do it again
If tavon is out do we sign TJ?
Herbert  winning against mahomes lamar best qb mvp
Fuuuck yes!
Can't let them score here. Need to go for the throat early
LFG
LETS FUCKING GOO
Watson slightly overrated!?!?! Hmmm....
End it here
No one even close to open
Guys when did Ed Reed come back wearing 24?
Watt is just fucking terrorizing is god damn
Got damn O Line
JJ owns our line when we play in NRG
brown kinda stopped onn watt a little  early
Need to get OBJ some Boyle help
Brown gotta move his feet there
"""FG Target Line""  Is that corrected for Tucker?"
Let’s get enough for at least a fg
"I like a TD here, but if we only get 5 yards and a FG I’m happy"
It’s JJ Watt. Dude is a fucking beast. Not surprised.
Oh God
I MEAN SHIT O LINE
"Man, O line is getting torched"
Fuck
CAN WE NOT
"Don't ruin our chance to see tucker kick a really long FG. It's not fair, JJ."
What’s with all the pass plays?
"Damn, why Yanda"
God damnit
Dobbins missed that block.
Bro our Oline nooo 😞
FUCK
He looks fine
"Ronnie pls be okay.

We love you ya big bear!"
Not that the online has been stellar but that was an all out blitz
Ronnie Stanley’s ankle again
No points for them cmon stop them here
Offense hasn't felt as dominant on the Texans side of the field as I'd like to see.
All these people crying about these sacks but lamar ain’t drop the ball most qbs would have dropped that ball
These TEs are killing us.
Finally a sack!
Looks like the Texans woke up
Cmon defense...
Obviously I'm not a coach but if they're rushing the linebackers and we have very fast WR why don't we run them down the middle?
I hope Stanley is okay
🤦🏽‍♂️
"instead of clock running out, now it stops."
Dammit
Averrett is trash. I don't want anyone to convince me otherwise.
Int calling it by clark
Averett is a fast frank walker
okay didn't see the ref kick it. i'll allow it.
Thats fucking crazy
Still blame the lack of a rush.
Bull shit
Skura is just a shadow of his former self. Absurd to play him in the condition he is in.
Just saw a local political commercial that was [LITERALLY this](https://youtu.be/SW-JocxB15U) but with wrestling techniques instead of guns. So so dumb.
COLLUSION
Great protection there
Wow the line held up lol
"Lamar had time, he needs more"
Cunningham is everywhere
Roman run the damn ball
Hey guys a run!!!!
GUS THE BUS
He really do be looking like a bus sometimes
"Ok, as much as I've been loving seeing Jackson's upgraded passing abilities it's nice to see some running too!"
 This is why we should be running
HONK HONK
THE BUS IS ROLLING
Gus running mfs over!!!
The Gus bus stops for no one
"If there werent other guys around, Gus would have 100% broken that tackle on his previous run."
"Ingram might not be as fast as he used to, but he still runs hard"
Played WR at Notre dame.
Always forget how explosive Gus is
Gus should get ever 2 yards to gain even time
"Look at that stat, fuckin beautiful.

These Ravens are something special."
Lamar doing work with the snap count
I'll take that
Hollywood deep
Lamar tapping into that Brady/Rodgers energy. Get those free yards! Make them think twice about jumping the snap count.
Gus doesn’t get enough recognition man
"&#x200B;

Lamar making ESPN Highlight  Reels"
are you all happy you got your planned run with lamar now?
JK IS IN
KEEP HIM IN YOU FUCKS
GOOD JOB DOBBINS!!
I love that from jk
Damn I can't believe he stayed up for that.
"Fucking right dobbins

Thats some rice shit right there"
Sick tackle break JK
atta boy Dobs
Nice fucking play dobbins
Way to stay on your feet jk
Nice job!
DOBBINS. Making plays
"Oof, Lamar..."
Let's go jk
FEED JK
What offense are we running?!? Air Coryell?
I'm not looking these called qb runs. Haven't worked well but once
Finally got Dobbins involved!!!
GOOD SHIT JK
JK!
JK out here turning cbs into fools
JK lol
What a catch and run
Is something wrong with Ingram?
Jk but we ain’t joking
Exactly what I'm talking about. No way we let gus go with JK. Perfect 1-2 punch
reminded me of another 27 with that
"When our run game is working, we are almost unstoppable."
That was a money throw.
:/
NEED A TD TO HOLLYWOOD HERE
Dobbins is so fucking good
McKinney turned pretty freaking late on that one
Jesus fucking Christ online is total shit today
Gimme 3
SMHHH
i want an o-line plz :(
Where's the line...
 Pain
Line looks fucking awful
God damn this o-line sucks
Whew close one there Tuck
Shew that was close. Good time eating drive and points at least
Is Ronnie playing or is he still on IR?
Bruh it’s 2020 why is James Harrison in commercials
Our line looks a bit slow processing stunts. Hopefully it improves as the rook gains experience and these guys get more playing time together
Queen go zoom
Our running game hasn’t looked good that last two weeks
McPhee looked 24 there!
He down.
How tf does Phee still play songs hard
Watching the ticker 49ers lost a few players today eh? Jesus
ah fuck
oh boy.
We need to get this oline together and need an actual pass rusher with some speed.
Almost.
"1 offense TD feels bad, hope we can get one more and sure up the game"
Calais noooo
Fuckk
We finally stopped their offense
yesss baby yoda
"Ok, that was the hand-off deception I've been missing so far."
Be careful Mark 🙏🏽
Thays mah boy
[deleted]
Hell yeah In fg Range
"Lol, everyone thought Washington was gonna be good this year"
here we go long clock burning TD drive
I love this announcer lol
SNEAD
Perfect.  QBs draw and quick slant to Snead.  That’s how to slow down the rush.
I hate when they say shit that jinx us. Don't talk about the damn no turnovers!
Dobbins wide open on the dump off
Line is really struggling with those interior stunts.
Thats what you get when you don't wrap up for literally no reason.
GO FOR IT
Oof he needed a few big Macs for that
Llammmmma
5 wides go for it
Fucking right!!!
Fortune favors the bold.
WOW WHAT A PLAY CALL
THE BIG FELLA
Wildcatttttttt babyyyyy!
BLACKJACK 21!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THAT'S HOW YOU BLOCK
LMAO WOW
game
The road to 2-0
Hell yeah let's go for it coach!
Hit that bull Ingram!
YEP
LMAO let's fucking go!!!!!
BIG BOI SHIT
LETS GO MARK!!
Poor Giants.
Alright D. Please no points
[deleted]
Cmon D!
Come on defense dont do that
Marlon Humphrey a slot CB?
Jesus another obvious missed hold
apparently Sammy Watkins suffered a  *possible* concussion in todays game.
Can we keep playing aggressive? A lot of time left
i would not wanna be watson there and have campbell fall on you
Bowser in coverage?
Another sack whiffed.
How did whoever that was miss that sack
That block by project Pat on the Ingram TD... Amazing
I'd like to see the O-line and the RBs get some real-time chemistry going for the rest of this game. We're going to want/need it at some point.
Justin Reid is very good
Damn that was a clutch stop on Lamar ngl
go for it
Surrender Index is gonna flame us hard if we punt
"Anybody know if the neck gaiter Harbs has is avail for purchase? Can't find it on any of the main sites (NFL Shop, fanatics, fansedge).

Also, solid overall game! Go Ravens!"
Look like LLAMA said I’ll do it myself lmao
"Not worth it, that’s how Mahomes got hurt"
The cardboard fans are kinda creepy
"I wonder why lamar doesn't have audibles like Mahomes does. Yknow how Mahomes says ""35"" to signify snap it on 2? Lmao"
I want us to score 7 more! I don't want to see us let up. Let's make a statement that even on our off days we're better than most AFC teams.
Let's make it 37!
GUS
Score again
One more score and put this thing to bed.
Can we just start with the Gus Bus from now on? Like let the man ram that Dline a bit then swap in Ingram & Dobbins to get loose on em then let Gus carry the team home.
Wildcat Dobby
Did he hit Lamar late?
its not an officials timeout...they were waiting until the ejected player left the bench area  before resuming play
Uhhh? Okay?
"buh bye, bud"
Lamae ts plz
O line got it done on this drive
Lamar td plz
"Well, now it is time for KC.  It is on!  Big Time!"
Go ahead with your bad self Chuck Clark!!!
David Johnson single-handedly stripped the “sack daddy” monicker
Gg
"Someone said 90 was stomping Lamar's head, is that true because wth"
Best back drafted this year
Did we play Gus so much as cover for the Chiefs?
Dam we make it look to easy
Now I just want them to put in Justice Hill to get his pounding in against the Texans
WW
How do OT rules work again?
Bowser is looking look so far he’s been very active in these first 2 games always seems to be around the ball maybe 7+ sacks this season...also Boykin on offense but LJ has so much weapons
Tavon Mr Glass Young SMDH
That wasn't great. Let's just hope it was a rusty start
"Man, I’m hoping it’s rust, but our Oline hasn’t been good. Squeelers will eat this line alive..."
This is a closer game than it should be. Weird play calls and a shaky O line really not making me feel good
[deleted]
I fucking hope nobody falls injured here
Damn
"That series was uninspired, lol."
It didnt look like anything even touched him.
Tayvon Young hurt again? Wouldnt be surprised.
Roman calling this game way too cute. Run the god damn ball on first down.
roman passing too much just like in the titans game
Boykin is such a good ass blocker
Sometimes I forget how spoiled we are with Lamar
Lamar needs to start sliding feet first
Need stream plz.  My power went out. No direct tv for me :(
Boyle's block game needs help
That wasn't holding?  Ok
Yea I've lost hope for this offensive line.
Oline doesn’t look good
https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/028/539/DyqSKoaX4AATc2G.jpg
Why make the Texans do anything? Why not give them 3 points and call it halftime?
Rushing is not working at all which sucks
Boykin the tightend
Play calling is horrendous
I really want to see Fluker. Just to see if he can make a difference. He looked good last week.
"Fuck with out those turnovers our defense really isn't that good. So many wide open targets, no pass rush, can't finish tackles in the back field, letting deshaun finish plays, things that will not pass against playoff teams"
Has there been an update on Tavon?
"Lol Houston fucking sucks, so mad there’s a 7 seed now, they may make the playoffs"
YOU CANT PARK THAT BUS
Great block from Boykin!!
Oh yeah boy! Let's get that run game working!
"We're getting lucky with the turnovers tbh, this defense is suspect"
Little off today. Texans D not quite that good.
"Throw short on 3rd. Flacco, is that you?"
We’re also up 13 points so yeah while the O-line play is frustrating I really doubt we lose this game.
I’m very nervous for this game. Our pass rush is god awful and watson is a magician. I also think our run defense is lackluster. I’m nervous for every game though. We’ll probably win by 3 scores lmao
Fucking hell Tavon Young Mr Glass needs to be cut... He doesn't do anything for us besides leave us hanging
Why the fuck can't our defense play defense right
This is probably the least hype I’ve been for a Ravens game in a while lol
Can someone PxP?
"clearly lamar took notes from kyler murray, the GOAT of getting out of bounds. r/nfl had some great advice."
OBJ getting used and abused by Watt
defense looks shaky
"Haven't caught the game today, but from what I've seen a bit it seems Lamar is a bit off and so is the line"
"The fact that it takes 50 people to tackle 1 person is concerning, otherwise good D! xD"
Can't believe we're winning a ~~home~~ game 30-16 in the 4th quarter and these dorky ass doofus' in the booth spent more time talking about other teams' QB's
Sorry ass pass rush
Does anyone else think Watt is a huge douche?
never was a fan of T. Young. dude is too small for a CB
Watson sucks....Big money for medicore play
Do we want the Chiefs coming in after a loss? I can't imagine them 1-2
are we going to see RGIII?
"Idk what game y’all are watching. Oline looked much better that drive. Held the pocket for Lamar on most throws and had good run block. The only bad play was the sack and they blitzed.

So many casual fans."
Gonna be honest. Lamar has made the OL look worse on a number of plays. This is looking like the steelers game. He's seeing ghost rushers.
Our defense. 😂😂😂
"I hope they don't try to draw a pentaly.

You could pull that shit with cleveland, but this defense is way too disciplined to do that."
where to watch?
Lamar carrying rn
Bwhahahahaha
Been watching RedZone during commercials and all I can say is Andy Reid must really hate how he looks in a mask to go with the shield again.
Where was marlon going lol he just got up and ran the other way
Offense looks sluggish today.
jj watt make the executive decision to start juicing again.
"Man... the pocket was good, there. Lamar ran into a sack"
So sad that there is no ravens football next Sunday
Smh
Why are we not running?
Fade me
"Can’t take a sack there, NGL, i was thinking hand it off and try a long fg. Lost 3 points."
anyone else just watch peters get fucked up? lmao
Wow we give our running backs the ball and it works who woulda thought
Lol go for it /s
Shit. Gotta punt imo
lol random challenge
Why the fuck Is BoB calling timeout
Beep beep BUSSSSS
GUS BUS!!
Feed the bus.
Wheels on the bus going round and round right now
THE BUS
Pat is such a boss
These refs are so fucking incompetent
Is it sexist if I say Melanie Collins is hot?
If we lose Stanley....... next week is a done deal loss
Lamar is panicking in the pocket . We NEED the o line to step up to calm lamar
Too much Lamar running.
"What is Lamar doing? Do you see the blitz? Get out of the pocket, dude."
Can you guys not start blaming the refs? That was an obvious penalty on Averett. He sucks.
Shades of Roman's playcalling against Tennessee
Tavon Young...going to be a meniscus or ACL
Who is this play by play announcer? Pretty annoying
There is no way they were snapping that ball. Waste of a timeout.
We should have at least tried the hard count before throwing the challenge flag
That’s shameful how did they possibly not get Watson
Is it me or has Calais just not looked like his pro bowl season last year?
How are we beating KC next week
These dumbass mistakes are going to doom us
All the hype just for 2 3 & outs by both teams 😂
Aww go for it
"Honest question.
How can we afford to pay Stanley 22mil when the other 3 or 4 positions on our line are so bad against good pass rushes.
Wouldn't it make more sense to trade stabley, draft a o line piece and pay someone who commands less 12-15"
Jackson needs to do a better job of handing the ball off on the read option
Is this an unpopular opinion? I don't really think Proche is that great as a returner
"Imagine being Lamar Jackson and instead of scrambling you collapse in the pocket.. SMFH

Edit: thanks for the downvotes, but yall know I'm right"
Stanley hurt now. Dude is so weak.
What team is going to trade us for a corner this year? Cause me thinks we need one
Terrible Kick!  He almost missed!
Alright. That State Farm commercial was pretty good. Lol
[deleted]
We’re going to get Lamar hurt. We need to stop doing designed runs for him when it’s not necessary and he also needs to slide
Going to lose...
""
[removed]
"Feels like, as with what happened in baseball, the lack of a preseason is causing more injuries."
""
""
"Pas vegan, mais content de voir que je suis pas le seul Québecois ici."
Vegetarian here currently enjoying some Morningstar farms buffalo wings lol
Meat lover here coming in peace
so what gives it a crab like flavor?
I'm not a vegetarian but I love vegetarian food
Why?
"man that guy was awesome. i was so hurt when i heard he was off to the niners, i’ve been a huge ricard fan as soon as they started having him line up in the backfield"
"Only one thing....

Ricard is better"
It throws me back to vonta leach
"Love me a nasty-ass fullback, like a Caterpillar D9 with an attitude and shoulder pads."
"Juice looked very good because checkdown Joe threw him the ball a billion times a game. Still very good, but I don’t think he’d touch the ball nearly as much in this offense."
""
Fort has provided positives for us in that pick up starting from his first game! EDC and then coaching staff have taken full advantage of his hard work!
[removed]
What a fucking interception!
I am REELING
That INT was a thing of beauty
Highlights are already up on youtube. @4:32
[removed]
Damn shame we didn’t capitalize on it though 😑
That is some Ed stuff right there.
""
Don’t forget commercial star!
"Once the Jackson to Tucker connection is mastered, the league better watch out."
He’s also a pretty decent tackler when he needs to.
"Just when the league thought they would catch up on our offense,  we sneak peak in a new clutch WR! Gameplan that bitches!

(Let's not forget he also had a mean tackle in preseason a few years ago iirc, the man is a Swiss army knife)"
"I wish he'd run down the sideline and pretended he scored a TD, then spiked the ball."
[removed]
Goodluck. He will just take his all pro self and go to another team.
Stanley is one of the best offensive linemen in the game and is only dealing with a nagging ankle injury the past few weeks. Pump the brakes.
[removed]
I couldnt agree more.. Levine is too slow. Averett gonna get exposed..
Averett made me want to waterboard myself
If your playing the Chiefs that showed up today Chiefs have zero chance beating you.
[deleted]
??? We are playing a decent team. Up by 13. Every game cant be a blowout homie
Texans are a good team
We’re not the KD Golden State Warriors bro
"We're up by 13 and have won 13 straight regular season games, everything is more than fine right now.

We can't dominate EVERY week, this isn't Madden."
"Our O-line looks crappy, but the Chiefs O-line looks worse right now."
Our offense line wasn’t good last week either and now the cracks are showing more and more.  We don’t have the line we need to win it all currently
[removed]
Respect the instant ask lol
Came here just for this
I need it !
"I can't think of a better celebration in recent memory, the fact that he came up a bit short on the spin kick made it so much better"
following
Someone just posted.  Sort by new
It’s on the ravens Twitter
[Marky Mark](https://giphy.com/gifs/ravens-mark-ingram-XFuLgg3gBxlbDPNb2a)
""
"No one knows what it means , but it’s provocative."
It's like truss but big.  Real big.
It's a way of life
big truzz is love. big truzz is life.
It’s like big Chungus. No one has a clue what it means but they love it
[deleted]
So we're throwing spinning shit now?
I'd love to see the whole run from this angle.
Strike first. Strike hard. No mercy. Cobra Kai
I said it in the other thread. Someone please superimpose the Steelers logo!
He looks like a power ranger lol
That net is dangerous.
Loved this play call
That's a spinning rear leg side kick.
Nobody giving respect to the double punch
[removed]
Can't wait for DeCosta to snag some great OL for a 9th round pick. That's where the team needs it the most. Thankfully Lamar has been so calm in the pocket
We're like the anti-Packers in that regard lmao
[deleted]
""
BoB trading his #1 target is still baffling
I sorta feel sorry for Watson. He’s so legit and is with a  coach/GM that is gonna waste his youth.
"I like watson. He's got great pocket presence and can extend plays.

BoB is just a dipshit ruining his and jj watts careers"
I feel so bad for him
"I've loved Deshaun since he was at Clemson, and he deserves so much better than he's been given in Houston. BoB is on-track to waste a once-in-a-generation QB's career just like Indy did with Luck, and it's a fucking tragedy."
That trade of DeAndre Hopkins was epic stupidity
He looked so dejected that entire game.
"His talent is being wasted.. He deserves better than what he's getting!!!
I feel bad for him.  I can never talk bad about him.."
He should’ve never re-signed with Texans. They are gonna waste his career.
That's life in the NFL somebody is going to lose
I'm rooting for him fr
The game thread was so shocked over how evasive he was. I hold my breath every drop back. I really don’t get why people think he’s overrated.
My mom laughed louder each time they showed him frozen in rage and said it needed to be a meme
"I wouldn't have signed the extension if I was him. Even if he outlasts BOB, chances are the next HC won't be significantly better and the organisation will continue to mismanage the pesonnel around him."
"#The rules are simple:

* **Submit a player/coach/position group**, preferably **in BOLD** to stand out easier. Add stats/reasoning if you want.

* Make sure your nominee has not already been submitted. 

#**Previous Weeks**

* Week 1: Lamar Jackson

#**This week's nominees are...**"
"**Marlon Humphrey**

Right hook from Marlon swung the momentum completely and the Texans never recovered."
"**MARCUS PETERS, MARLON HUMPHREY, LJ FORT and PATRICK QUEEN**"
"The Runningbacks!

Ingram with the swifty 4th down TD

Edwards with a bunch of backbreaking runs 

Dobbins with the nice 44 yard run to get us over 200 again"
"***Justin Tucker***

He didn’t need to score a game winner, but we haven’t given him the opportunity to often (thankfully). 

His consistency is easy to overlook and take for granted but he kept the distance which is crucial as we play best with a lead. So even when the offense couldn’t get it done he got us some guaranteed points."
Tucker for always being reliable!
"Gus Edwards.  That drive was the backbreaker.  

Don't get me wrong, defence made plays like crazy, but it was that drive where I wrote 'Game over' in my notebook."
"#Marlon Humphrey

Led the team in tackles (6 solo + 1 assist) and the clutch forced fumble"
"Lamar Jackson.

Im 100 percent convinced he makes this offensive line look decent. If its any other QB we would have given up 10+ sacks. Put Fluker out there at RG and help Orlando. That right side was ABUSED today"
"Overall, Gus. But Fort's play really turned the tide in our favour and he flashed in other plays as well."
"Lamar. Dude kept so many offensive drives alive, especially in the first half. His stats are good but he played so much better than they say."
DEFENSE ^(^Other ^Than ^Anthony ^Averett)
DeCosta for gems signings like Fort
MP Juice Man
The Bus That Couldn't Slow Down
So many people here are posting about the running backs but how about my boy **Patrick Ricard** blocking for all of them and opening up some massive holes to run through? Not to mention his layout goal-line grab for the TD!
The Gus Bus. Making no stops and taking no prisoners since 2018.
Team
Defense
defense!
All running backs
Defense: Made plays when it mattered and held our lead
While we had a good game and good players. The O-Line got pummeled today. Albeit some of those were because of Lamar running around but still. Gotta hold them boys back.
"Everyone for sure. Lamar being Lamar, all the running backs putting in work, MP and Humph being great, Tucker not missing as usual. Not much to criticise other than you know who"
"Another **team win**

Humphrey killed it, Lamar did great, Ingram had an excellent run TD, jk with a game killing run, gus controlling the clock, fort picking up the fumble, Juiceman with the int, elliott stoping that 4th down and a sack.

Everyone played well and still we got stuff we know to work on."
"**SECONDARY** (not named Anthony Averett)

Marlon and Peters played lockdown coverage all game, and each came up with a backbreaking turnover. Elliott had his first sack, Chuck kept everyone in position, and Jimmy played well in his limited role."
"LJ fort, looked like a rb on that pylon extension. That defensive TD is what first allowed us to pull away and we didn’t look back"
"DEFENSE

Whole squad effort.

PQ looking like royalty. Marlon swinging harder than Myles Garrett. LJ Fort taking it to the house. MP Juiceman out there pickin like it's apple season.

I thought some of Lamar's throws were a bit shaky today and OL was slacking, but that's why this is a **team**. Our receivers made plays, defense stepped it up, and as always Tucker gets it in.

*Lamar wasn't bad by any means, and did a fantastic job dealing with the pressure of an incredible Texans D. I meant moreso some of his passes were just on the edge and required good moves from our receivers. The Ricard TD that was a bit low comes to mind. At this point our competition is only ourselves and perfection is the standard we go by 😤*"
Peters
Defense....does that count?
MARCUS PETERS
"Offense: Gus
Defense: Fort"
Greg Roman. Gut punch with Ingram wildcat completely demoralized the Texans. They were shell shocked after that.
"Lamar and the run game?

That OL, in particular the right side did them no favors. Lamar was super fucking comfortable under pressure like usual and was on point even though he couldn't go deep like he wanted. Gus, Mark and JK (albeit late but man that fucking run was electric) were on fire"
"Fort has fumble recoveries in back to back weeks and this one he turned on the jets, Let the big man get this one"
Running backs
**Gus Edwards**
"**Defense**

Lots of good plays and turnovers from them. Took a while to get some sacks but they eventually came through."
Running backs
Going defense on this one. Creating turnovers and getting pressure on Watson.
RB's
*Gus Edwards*
Peters
"**Marcus Peters**

That was a great interception.  You could give it to a bunch of guys as it's a true team effort this time, but I'm fine with spotlighting Peters."
"I'm going to say Boykin.  he didn't have the best game statistically, but his presence was felt on the field, at times he was invisible last year as a pass catcher. run blocks well."
"Ingram,  for the roundhouse kick and fooling a lot of us thinking that Lamar got slow somehow."
"I can't pick just one, so I'm going with...Our Pro Bowl CB duo.

**Marlon Humphrey** & **Marcus Peters**

I don't think Marlon allowed a single completion and both contributed to turnovers. Plus the Peters INT was thing of beauty."
"LJ needs some credit

Of course it's a team win, but Fort did a total tempo shift with the scoop and score. 

Humphrey, Lamar, the game plan, JK ...they all work. They always work.

Fort's instincts and good angles and pure footballin got the game going the right direction! 

Lf'ing J Fort"
The entire defense
"**Marlon Humphrey**

The punch. Played great coverage all game. And was bringing the energy. The way he attacked the lead blocks on one of the plays had me HYPED"
Marlon Humphrey and Patrick Queen
Marlon Humphrey/MP JUICE MAN
"One half of the best cornerback duo:

 Marlon ""Fruit Punch"" Humphrey"
"I vote for the secondary, they did a great job slowing down Houston’s WR core and allowed our front 7 to go to work. Marlon had the big forced fumble, Peters that ed reed like interception, and Elliot with that sack."
"Gus Edwards, Marlon Humphrey, Marcus Peters, L.J. Fort, Lamar Jackson and Calais Campbell are the players of the game candidates and the Emmy goes to.....

....... L.J. Fort"
"For me, it would be the cornerbacks, and Tucker obviously."
"Marlon Humphrey. Forced a fumble that led to the game-breaking TD, and made Fuller non-existent."
Wink martindale- For the second year in a row he had the perfect game plan to stop deshaun Watson. Coverage was excellent and he devised a good blend of blitzes so Watson had no time to throw.
Marcus Peters. Channeling Ed Reed on that pick...
[deleted]
233 I think before the kneel downs so I think we ended up with 230 total
"As far as I know he is an impending free agent after the season. . . 

I feel that we have to retain this guy. He’s fit in well with the scheme and Lamar, just wanted your thoughts on retaining him for next season"
"Honestly hes amazing, but RB is the one position where we can lose a guy due to our depth. Ingram, JK, and Hill are an amazing trio if Gus leaves. Just depends on how much money he wants"
"Give me Gus over Hill. 

Haven’t really been impressed with Hill."
Yeah he’s worth more to us than he is in a trade. Next year it’ll be JK and Gus 1 and 2. Cut Ingram to save cap space but maybe he’ll resign/restructure on a cheaper team friendly deal.
[deleted]
He’s a RFA next year
"Gus probably gets a deal on some other team, we dont have the cap to go for him. We probably pick up a RB day 2 or 3 if not another UDFA. It is sad but with c ap dropping so much and the paydays we have to make he doesnt fit in the books."
"I’ll say Gus is a killer late in a game, with the fresh legs we provide him."
honestly for the future i’ll take gus over ingram cause mark us getting old
"I really think EDC would be amiss to not resign him. He's a great 1b - 2 back and his 1 cut power style REALLY fits us on 3rd and short.

He's got great vision between the guards and fights for yards.


I'd really like to resign him to a deal similar to Kareem Hunts. You then match him with JKs contract"
"Gus is a RFA.. prolly pull 3-5mill/yr in free agency.. 

Ingram is gonna cost 6.33 next year.. can save 5 mill with cut.. but can prolly pay him whatever we would have to pay Gus to keep him..

Justice is gonna be cheap still.. 

Probably trade Gus to the Jets to replace Bell.. extend Ingram.. keep Hill and Dobbins.."
I saw Ingram shaking his head and talking to someone on the sideline on his last run. It’s pretty clear mark thought he shoulda scored but it seems like Gus is more worried about contact or just doesn’t have the elusive necessary. No one may have notice but mark points to his head and you can tell it’s regarding Gus not being a very innovative or creative back.
[deleted]
"I might be an idiot here but isnt it 22 wins?

I thought he was 7-1 rookie year, 13-2 last year, and now 2-0 this year."
LAMAR 2020 (MAKE AMERICA TRUZZ AGAIN) (BUILD BACK BETTER BALTIMORE)
10+ terms please 😁
Holy shit this picture.
In God we truzz
Presiden OLLAMA!
I would vote for him for actual president over the two morons currently going for it.
"We should definitely lose one of our next 7 games so we don’t go 28-3, heard those are cursed numbers. 

/s"
This is gold
Make America Belee Again!
2 playoff games. And 14-2 last year. 4 losses. Still amazing
You’re forgetting two games...
Oh President my President
My Mom thought this was real lol.
Hes lost to as many teams in 25 regular season games (KC/CLE) as he has in 2 playoff games (SD/TEN)
""
"As bad as this sucks for him, we gotta restructure that contract. Paying him lots to never play a full season."
3 missed full seasons now?
"Really feel for the guy, hopefully Averett can step up because he was getting dotted up all game"
The best ability is availability.
"Well, he only has season ending injuries so I didn't expect anything less"
Dude needs to retire
"Tavon is a great player but at a certain point out for the season just becomes who you are, 3 of these now idk how much he's got left"
Are you fucking kidding me. That's just shy of 2 full seasons missed in two seasons.
Man Tavon is such a baller CB. He plays way bigger than his size and was an incredible find. I wish he would get rid of whatever luck is plaguing him.
So can we go get Carr back from the Cowboys practice squad? I dont want to see Averett on the field trying to stop any of the Chiefs receivers next week...
Time to restructure that contract
Come on....god dammit
What else is new
This sucks
Really unfortunate for him
Fuck this!!
What team is tanking? so we can pry their slot corner away for a 5th
I feel fucking terrible for him. Can't even imagine what he's going through
"I'm not sure he should be cut next year right off the bat, but at this point we've got to plan as if he's not in the depth chart."
bro he’s good but he gets hurt so much he’s missed over 30+ games now he should retire
Dude can’t catch a break. Next man up
Hate to say it but he can’t be relied on. He shouldn’t be on the roster at the start of next season.
"FUCKKKK, this one hurts"
"It certainly seems destined that Tavon Young & DeShon Elliott are not supposed to play together. Whenever one *is* healthy, the other one is injured. Ever since Tavon's contract extension, he has played a grand total of one full game. That signing sure looks like one of DeCosta's worst decisions as GM, right up there with the ET3 debacle!

It is a shame, because he is a pretty special player when available. However, it feels as if he has been injured more than Jimmy Smith & Lardarius Webb combined (I'm exaggerating, of course). Yet another reminder why Brandon Carr should have never been let go! Too bad they had to learn this inevitable, predictable lesson the hardest way possible!"
">On February 21, 2019, Young signed a three-year, $25.8 million contract extension with the Ravens, making him the highest-paid nickel-back in the NFL.


Can't predict injuries but this hurts"
Really sucks but hes gotta get cut next yr. He was one of my favorites on D too
yep i knew he'd get hurt he gets hurt every year
Should have resigned Carr. CB getting super thin
This is probably the end. Sucks so bad. Really liked the dude.
"Couldn’t watch the game live, how’d it happen?"
"Anyone know how much we’d save? Wasn’t his contract right up there at the time? I feel for the guy, but with zero production we need that money for Stanley/Humphrey/Andrews etc"
5th round pick for The Jets best Cornerback...incoming!!!
"Well that sucks. And with the cap being extremely tight next year, I can definitely see him being on the chopping block. 

It's a shame, but I think he's going to end up being one of the great ""What If's"" in team history."
They gotta cut him at this point. It's every single year
Cut him forever who cares how good he is if he is injured for 50% of his career
"There absolutely cannot be any other franchise that has ever been more ravaged by constant injuries to secondary members than what our favorite team has gone through for approximately a decade-plus! But hey, who cares about a guy that never missed a game in his career, just let him leave. I pine for Brandon Carr over Anthony Averett, but those pipe dreams are long gone!"
Bye
""
Holy shit your unread emails give me heartburn.
How do you do this on I phone?
wait how do you do this
Can I get that picture from the widget
# ☹️
lynn is a coward
I’d rather play the chiefs coming off a close win than a close loss to a rival
[deleted]
"How do you get that effort from your team and just hand the Chiefs the ball. Stopped on 4th and 1 or punted to the Chiefs 1 yardline you lost the game, so don't take it out of your players hands."
You can’t give them the ball back.  Plain and simple.  Conservative football loses against the Chiefs offense.
Talking about this guy like hes 1 of a kind 😂
That's exactly what I was thinking
Yeah I usually love Romo but that was just a stupid statement from him.
Wish you would've posted the context. No idea what you're talking about.
"As much a I love to hear the goat getting respect, butker is literally the next one in line for career % after him. So one of a kind, no, but not many as good as him. Tucker just happens to be better."
"The main issue is that the Ravens don't have to settle for those king attempts very often, meaning Tucker can't show case his skills as often."
They all want Tuckers spot but they can't have it
The chiefs sub really believes his comments to like no one could ever hit a 58 yard fg lmao
I'm fine with that. Let them forget Tucker is the Ravens best kept secret in the NFL
I mean he’s paid to talk about the teams and players he’s there commenting for.
Whats the big deal? Let em enjoy their win..They didn't disrespect Tuck..
I think we are taking this too personally.
""
Is the NFL converter bot still around? The website is cancer on mobile
""
Got a feeling we will be seeing the back of Averett’s jersey a lot next week 😔
The turf monster got him. It almost got jk on that 40+ yard run as well.
Why did we believe he wasn't made of glass when history clearly shows:  this guy is made of glass.
https://youtu.be/-1qju6V1jLM
Goddammit
"Fool me three times, fuck the peace sign"
Guys career has to be done.  He didn't do anything abnormal to injure it.  He just jumped and landed normal.
ugh
[deleted]
"The play he was injured I couldn't even tell what happened to him, he is just made of glass."
[deleted]
Trade for a db? Sign a free agent? Or bring a guy up from practice squad? Give me your thoughts
"If we base it off history, we’ll probably trade our washing machine for Jaire Alexander"
Sign Lamar Jackson. Right now.
Jimmy will go to CB and we’ll likely promote from within at reserve safety. Levine will play a lot more in dime packages.
I mean he was out all of last season too no?
Once Carr goes back down to PS (I think he was pulled up against this week) I say we sign him on Monday and bench Averett.
"We play football. 

I mean Young was out all of 2019 and 2017. We played the Chiefs last year with Carr, Averett, and Canady and lost on a 3rd down conversion. 

I think we will be fine."
"Maybe josh nurse, who was having a pretty good offseason, could be promoted within and play nickel?"
Trade a 5th round pick for Strap Harris
"My guess would be Jimmy to outside corner, Marlon to slot corner, Geno Stone or Nigel Warrior getting more reps at safety"
[deleted]
"I saw the username before I opened the thread and I was like OH HELL NO, NO YOU DIDN'T"
""
I'd say trade for him but the dudes injury cursed
JJ is a monster when healthy.
I really like JJ. Pure drive and talent while staying humble.
JJ honestly feasted against our O line. They need to do something about the right side. Put DJ Fluker in at RG to see if he’s any better for now.
Watt was a fucking menace against us.
Whispers “Win it all. I’m rooting for you.”
I love JJ Watt and as a firefighter myself seeing him do the fire training is always a great watch https://youtu.be/2BWxEjwzvCo
JJ was their best player yesterday he was all over us
Two humble classy guys sharing a hug. Stop staring perverts!
"Sounds like yet another season ending injury early in the season. That’s 3 out of 5 seasons. 

Sucks man. Just hate it for him."
"This is unpopular but he needs to be gone. Yeah he's good, really good. I like him. But he's never available. 3/5 years with season enders is too much and we can't afford to pay him for that."
He needs to go man he’s eating up too much cap space to be constantly injured.
We better be paying Everett in peanuts and bubble gum because he's doodoo
Even worse is he won’t get a good second contract
[deleted]
""
"u/DrDilatory unsportsmanlike conduct, automatic SNF win"
"For context: I voiced my opinion on a flag in the NE @ SEA game that I disagreed with and the man comes at all of us like the dirty Patriots fan he is. Oh well, shows the class that New Enlganders have."
[deleted]
[deleted]
Facebook
""
"He’s talking about the Super Bowl champion, reigning Coach of the Year right? Literally the only former Raven that has ever had this much of an issue with the organization/Harbs. Dude needs to stfu and realize maybe he was the problem?"
Pollard arguing with randos on twitter shows just how dumb he is and how big of a mistake it was to have him on an nfl team.
He said he was kidding after. Torrey is too nice.
Pollard had too many helmet to helmet hits..
"For some reason I thought it was Bernard Pierce, but yeah Pollard is a dumbass"
Honestly it's really weird that he still actively shit talks Harbaugh this long after his career has ended.
"

***

posted by [@TorreySmithWR](https://twitter.com/TorreySmithWR)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Honestly pollard sounds like he's got pretty bad CTE
Dude has been balling these last 2 weeks yet gets no love. Keep doing your thing 58
He gets no love? He gets lots of positive praise.
There's literally an LJ Fort appreciation thread on the front page you loon.
Pretty sure every Raven knows LJ Fort.. I think I have even been able to forget he was a Steeler..
Can't believe we got him for free via the Eagles lmfao
He definitely gets noticed. He's a great veteran presence and off ball LB to compliment Queen and Harrison.
Congratulations again on being 2-0. Love you all and happy we could join you in that category.
I have Aaron and Aaron on my fantasy team and they’re making me look like a genius.
"It was looking dicey for you all early, but not surprised at all that the Packers were able to pull away once the Lions became the Lions again."
Happy cake day!
Aaron Jones is a monster. 🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀
"Jesus yall have a scary team rn, see you in February 👀"
Thanks buddy
[deleted]
Aww man.  It’s devastating for the kid.  All the talent in the world and the body just can’t hold out.  I can’t imagine the frustration.  Cut him a break.
"No need for this IMHO. The guy has played well and hard for us and rehabbed from multiple injuries. 

Not his fault that hes hard luck. 

Sometimes Im embarrassed by my fellow fans."
Bro delete this.
"As we are used to being delighted with over 30 pts per game almost every week since last year, however, today, the o line being out of groove almost costed things on offense and if this would've happened against a better team there's no doubt we would've lost this game.

I like to focus on the fact that the game was won and that's all it matters, but it's becoming a serious concern that the offensive line will start affecting play calling and what can be done on offense.
The offense wasn't able to take any deep shots or call any deep, long developing plays since the pass rush was too intense, which immediately took an effect on what Hollywood and Andrews bring to the table, Ingram struggled a lot at beginning, same with Lamar which seemed to bump into sacks since the guys in front were literally being pushed back. I'm hoping since they'll have an extra day of rest this next week they can clean this up otherwise the Chiefs defense can make life difficult for them (Not that they're an elite defense but they're pretty damn good if given the opportunity and their opponent is caught slacking)."
What's most important is how much better Lamar's passing is. He's throwing absolute zingers all day.
"Good points, but most teams don’t have a Garret/Watt wrecking shit either. Those two are elite talents.  Let’s see what happens against more pedestrian lines before sounding the alarms."
"I know I'm not the only one when I say that this felt like the least rewarding win we've had in a very long time. Hardly feels like a win at all, and to me, that's because of everything you just mentioned above. 

It felt like the last two seasons with Joe Flacco and Marty, nothing but dump offs and a few check downs. Our line effectively ensured that Mark Andrews, Brown and the rest of our textbook Corp was effectively out of the entire game. 

Oh, and also, where the FUCK was Dobbins this entire night besides his 40 yard scamper in garbage time??? Did he have a bad week of practice or something? What gives?

Also, we are NOT going to be win like this against the chiefs or Washington with our line so suspect."
I felt at times Lamar was doubting himself on the rush attempts. A couple times I felt he was in two minds.
"Unpopular opinion: The OL wasn't as bad as it seemed on passing plays.

I thought lamar ran into 2 sacks and was indecisive on a third. Unlike week 1 & most weeks, I thought lamar was feeling too many ghost pressures while not reading the leverage of pass rushers which led to sacks. For instance, tyre Phillips had his man blocked on one play. Lamar scrambled in a way that allowed the DL to uncover and sack him. Tyre went from doing a good job pass blocking a guy to ""allowing"" a sack because his qb ran into the defender's path.

The Texans did a good job squeezing the pocket with their ends. However, we've seen lamar move brilliantly in the pocket in situations like that in the past. Today, lamar looked like the lamar we saw in the steelers game last yr. 

Also, I thought jj watt in particular was great at readingand attacking the mesh point.

Either way, lamar still had an efficient and productive day. He is a great player. I just thought he made the OL's job harder than it should've been today in a few instances.

The OL's run blocking on the other hand wasn't good in the first half."
""
"Honestly, there’s no one who consistently gets the short end of the stick as much as Tyrod. I really doubt Herbert doesn’t start after that performance. Sending all positive vibes to him, but man just terrible luck in his career. 

Selfish: Would love to have him back in Charm City if anything happens to RGIII"
He looked terrible last week and Herbie looked real good today. He won't be the starter
Tyrod is not good. He is a backup.
If anyone watched it breaks my heart to see Boyle apparently doesn't get along with Humphrey.
"I think it’s just a joke between Marlo and Boyle, cause if I’m not mistaken Marlon always calls him a “jerk” and maybe Boyle gets a lil hurt from it, but I don’t think they DON’T get along."
Haven't seen it but who cares. I have disliked a lot of coworkers over the years. You can't like everyone
I think it’s a mixture and of things. You’ve got a quiet ass white guy around a bunch of hype high energy black guys. Their energy doesn’t match at all. I don’t think it’s as big of a problem as it seems tho.
It didn’t seem like anything to me
"Unpopular opinion: Marlon strikes me as the kind of guy I would hate to be around every day.

That said he's a baller ass corner so who cares what my perception of him is based on limited social media insight."
I honestly felt so awkward watching that. It really seemed like Boyle and Andrews hated Marlo.
Why what happened?
"Man its the first I'm hearing about it, but we don't need to more beef or drama in the locker room after the earl Thomas shit"
Damn thats whack lol
Marlon honestly sounds irritating lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bruh these bandwagoners are something else
"Dude....were not invincible. Texans have strengths and weaknesses just like we do. They have playmakers, guys like JJ watt are destined to make an impact. Relax, we'll be fine."
Naw still feels like a win to me nephew
"My god man.  The browns have Garret.  The Texans have Watt.  Those two are game wreckers + the rest of the talent on those lines.  Ravens O-line isn’t elite, but it’s certainly not time to sound the alarms yet."
Found the fan that didn’t sit through 2013-17
Duv didnt score
"We are 2-0.. I doesnt matter if you win by 1 or 30...A win's a win. As a matter of fact: How does a win feel like a loss? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
You fans need a damn Snickers.."
"All those problems and we still won by 3 scores. Which tells me we will probably be okay.

Also Duv didn't score."
"the opponent is allowed to make plays, they are professional athletes too"
"If out-gaining our opponent by 100 yards, controlling the clock, and doubling the scoreboard is getting exposed... expose me 14 more times. We just took 3 knees inside their 30 to win fella. Sober up."
Chill it’s week 2 🤦🏼‍♂️
"Man I literally just sat here watching the game and said out loud.. I still can't figure out how to feel about putting up 30 pts a game consistently.. it's such a change from every year ever. No matter how bad the o-line play was, or how lethargic it seemed.. you still gotta bring at LEAST a 30 bomb to stay in touch with Lamar..so far the only teams averaging that besides us is the Packers and Seahawks, and most likely the Saints after tomorrow..

Then you look at the defense and the Packers and Hawks are giving up 22.5 pts a game vs our 11 pts a game.. next best defense is the Raiders giving up 15 a game..

Point is.. we are the most balanced team in the NFL bringing the most explosive offense with a TOUGH defense, neither has to be perfect and can give a little which is what you saw the last two weeks.. Garrett and Watt both did what they get paid for.. some of the best in the game.. on offense Chubb and Hunt are gonna get their yards on ANY night.. Watson is gonna make plays and try to win.. but nobody is putting it all together like we are right now.."
you can't fault the O line for giving up the hits to lamar by JJ. JJ is a top echelon defensive player who is capable of making any O line break down. it just is what it is. they'll get better but i'm certainly not gonna fault em for not being able to stop jj watt.
"Holy fuck.....

We got some fans on here actually complaining about the offense. Not that they played poorly, just that they didn't play good enough, despite scoring 30 points. Like...I honestly never believed that day would come. I'm an old school Ravens fan, I remember production like this was rare and appreciated. So I'm a little shocked at some of the posts I'm seeing. It's not in big numbers, yet. 

But I would like to remind old and new fans just how good we have it right now. Old fans that are complaining, remember boller and streaky flacco. That's all I'll say, new fans. Take it easy, it's 33 points. Against what I consider to be a good team, so hopefully this post puts some of the complaints I'm seeing into perspective. 

We are lucky to have Lamar.

Edit. Furthermore, the chiefs didn't do too well on offense either. More perspective for you."
I'll take the W any day of the week.  You play to win the game!!!
"Anybody that saw Boller and Flacco must literally thank their stars to have Lamar Jackson as QB right now. He is far and away the best football player in the league and let's just be thankful we have him. Flacco was streaky sure but when he stunk, he was a lot of wood under center. Literally."
"I was at work thinking ""huh off day for the offense"" then I thought ""huh I remember when we beat the Bills like 13-7 only a few short years ago."" 


Bandwagoners, man."
Agree with you but offense didnt score 30 pts. Just want to credit our D which in those days you speak of were also like our offense too! Today the D scoop n score reminded me of those days..
"We played a smart game, managed our lead and ran out clock

It may not have been big explosive passing plays, but it meant we didn't take any risks and maximised our chance of winning the game."
New fans are insufferable. Kids can't appreciate shit
"I'm happy with the comfortable W, but am concerned about IOL play and still have questions about our passing game. We did not necessarily need it today, but I still want to see what Boykin and Hollywood got. We might get a chance next week with Kansas City."
"It’s football, let’s be happy that we are getting scores from every way possible: Rushing, Throwing, Defensive turnovers. Well oiled machine"
"Honestly I’m fine with it. Shows that as a team, we can win different ways depending on how the defense is playing. Browns want to stop the run? Lamar throws for 275 and 3 touchdowns. Texans want to stop the big plays? We dink and dunk and run our way to the win. 

And it’s only week 2. We’re 2-0 while not playing our best."
Only real complaint is too many sacks. Never didn't have the lead to complain too badly.
"Idk about others but personally I was concerned just bc we saw what a well-oiled machine we were last year and we still came up short. I'm not ungrateful that we can finally expect the team to handle lesser teams, but I just get worried what will happen we go up against true championship contenders. Those teams will exploit your weaknesses"
I’m happy about the offense they are top 5 in the league just concerned about the line it’s getting Lamar killed.
"Most years, a lot of teams don't gel until after 4 games. This year, with no preseason, it may be 6 games. I'm happy with the progress, though, and look forward to more."
The bandwagon is real
I'm almost positive I heard him say he would've voted for Russ for MVP last year but he lost his ability to vote because he didn't submit his ballot the year before...... Essentially ruining Lamars unanimous mvp.  Ive spent enough time listening to him praise Pittsburgh as is. Now that.
"He is a spiteful, hateful, SOB that has consistently hated on the Ravens. Just listen to that chicken neck fuck call a Steelers/Ravens game and you'll understand that he is uber biased POS. That is the reason why I don't trust PFF one bit."
"I’ve found I really like Tony Romo, Jim Nanz.

Edit: Charles Davis"
"I believe a few people voted Russ all-pro but didnt dare vote for anyone else for MVP, I don't think Collinsworth was one of them though. 

He is hella biased in his commentary though for the team he prefers."
And he would have been the lone idiot. There was no one last year that was even remotely close to Lamar. There is just no arguement to be made for anyone else.
What can you expect from a sad and ringless former bengal? A team who’s only job is to spite the AFC division leader.
"People who think MVP just means ""Elite quarterback with the worst teammates"" are wrong and stupid and bad."
chris collinsworth reminds me always of the gimp from pulp fiction.
Lamar is still better then Wilson.
"Yeah, I heard this too and was like what?? Then he was laughing like yah I WOULD have been that one guy.. oh well

Bah"
"Besides all the comments here about bias, my biggest beef with Collinsworth is he's shitty at his job.  He'll say stuff like ""That looks like a catch, but I don't know what a catch is any more.""  Dude, it's your fucking job!  How about you look up the goddamn rule and learn what a fucking catch is!

Edit: If I told my boss, ""These JavaScript libraries keep changing, I don't know how to code anymore."" I'd be fucking fired."
Hey wait as an old time fan I love Chris Collins Collinsworth and he has always always had the ravens back as much as a color guy can.  He called both our superbowls before we even got to the playoffs
""
:(
This image has been reported.
No fro marlo
"Is Marlon finally off the market? Cuz if you go to that megkurkowski chick in his comments, from her instagram story, she look likes she's watching his cat snowflake right now 👀

Sorry, I was bored this morning 😂"
Noooooooo
Hopefully it grows it back :((
Okay. Why did Marlo cut off his fro?
Is that the joker suit?
Did he ride his bike to the game?
Why should anyone care? Bigger issues in the world these days
""
"Yea i heard that too, after watching JTuck kick 4 FGs today"
tuck would’ve made that 58 yarder too tho
Oh ok I wasn't the only one to do this
"I hope that next Monday night Justin Tucker hits. 63 yard game winner so then we can use the ""and I took that personally meme"""
"Seems people have already forgotten about that 61 yard GW, but whatever"
"Romo is such a Chiefs blowhard. I honestly am happy we don't have them for the chiefs, he never sea impressed by lamar."
I did the same thing!
"I felt the same watching the 2 Pats' games and the commentator going on about Cam's option read play and how long he holds the ball while making the read. Like seriously, did you watch a single Ravens' game in 2019."
Tucker is the greatest kicker *of all time*
"If I hear the words ""best kicker"" its a built in trigger in my brain, it'll catch my attention everytime"
I'm not looking for a Butker Vs. Tucker duo. Jackson vs. Mahomes is what we are coming for.
Anyone notice the obvious he’s playing in a fucking stadium when he kicks 58 yards go kick 58 yards in fucking charm city brother
Automatic
Who?
I know all of Reddit loves him but I really don't think Romo is that great of an announcer
[deleted]
"lamar never got this type of praise even when he was going on a historic run last season, never this type of adulation, even before the season started alot of folks annointed russ the MVP. 
why was it so diff from lamar? it seems to me russell is the perfect ''type'' of qb and face for the nfl they want to promote, not the florida dialect heavy qb"
Lamar was voted a unanimous MVP. I think he got his recognition.
"Lamar got plenty of praise once the season was underway last year. He was unanimous MVP.

Russell Wilson is arguably the best QB playing right now and he's a good dude. Deserves every bit of it."
"If you're going by that broadcast, than yea, Collins would suck Wilson's dick dry if he could. But right now, Wilson is dominating. His numbers are ridiculous. 

Praising one QB is not a knock on another."
"> lamar never got this type of praise even when he was going on a historic run last season, never this type of adulation, 

Lol wut?  Did you not watch the games or follow the media last year?  

Yes, a lot of people are saying that it's Wilson's 'turn', but his play so far has been worthy of being considered.  It's a long season, and if awards were given in the preseason, the Browns would have won the Superbowl last year."
"People were all over Lamar’s dick man. 

He was unanimous MVP, cover of Madden, running on sports center nonstop. People were constantly saying “oh my god he actually can pass??!” 

It was glorious. Not sure what planet you were on but this post just sounds whiny af"
"Bro don't be salty. Lamar gets tons of praise.

Russ has more tds than incompletions rn dude is BALLING"
r/conspiracy
"Russell’s that good, though."
"Let's not have conspiracy theory crap here please. Once the Ravens beat the Seahawks last year, it was nonstop praise for Lamar last year or did you just conveniently forget that?"
"Maybe you’re looking too into it, granted Russ was receiving a lot of recognition last season too and rightfully so he was doing great too. But Lamar did unanimously win MVP, there’s no more recognition than that, and you’d see a highlight of Lamar posted every chance the NFL could post it. Russ is just playing insane at the moment and hopefully he can continue, cause he’s a baller and a great person."
"Lamar was unproven at that point, and announcers/media just play it safe. They know Russ is great, so they don't have to really face the music if he ends up playing poorly enough to lose MVP or MVP Votes. 


Of Drew Lock or Haskins came out this season playing like Wilson did, they wouldn't get the hype from media people because the media people do not have much to work with from other seasons.


Lamar did get hype pretty early on though."
"Dude. There are MANY other players in the league who excell. Russell Wilson is playing incredibly well right now. The dude is making insane throws. His production with the O-lines he’s had is amazing. Lamar is doing Lamar things, he was the Unanimous MVP last year, it’s ok for other people to get attention. 

The media slobbed on our knobs *all* last year, Lamar won player of the week I dont know how many times. Like yes, Lamar has faced adversity for how he sounds but this just seems like a bit of a stretch to me."
Lamar never got praise? What is this man talking about? He literally got the MVP lol
Let’s not be like Seahawks fans last year. There is no reason to shit on Russ to try and prop up Lamar. Let Russ get his well deserved hype and focus on the Ravens.
"Little known fact. 

The announcers are supposed to talk about the teams on the field at the game they are assigned to."
Wilson has earned it for the time being.
"Lamar was the talk of the league all last season. Russell Wilson has been in the league for a long time and is finally getting credit where it's due. He deserves it, he's an excellent QB."
""
"It’s a damn shame his talent and effort is being wasted under Bill O Brien, I hope the best for Deshaun, he’s great."
This poor guy always looks so disheveled when he plays us
"Free Deshaun. I heard a Texans fan-analyst say they got away from Hopkins because his separation/speed didn’t fit their profile. How much speed does BOB want? Will Fuller, Kenny Stills, Brandon Cooks... wtf"
That one throw he made while being hit by 2 dudes today was absolutely ridiculous. I feel bad for this guy he needs to go to a winning team and not some team who’s ran by a clown who traded a generational talent and arguably the best WR in the league in his prime. Just pls don’t go to the Steelers because big Bens time is almost up and they’re desperately going to need a QB.
"The Texans were my #2 before the trade (Diehard Ravens, all the way tho). I can't associate with that stupidity anymore.

RIDE OR DIE, RAVENS."
"With Clemson he was very strong.   
I think that Watson will be a better match with Jackson than RGIII.."
""
Reminds me of Ed Reed
"That pick was insane. One of the best I have ever seen, ngl."
"We just making Deshaun Watson's day even worse lmao 

Side note: that was a great fucking pick tho 👏"
"Since 2015, when he came into the league, Peters has 28 picks. No one else even has 20 in that timeframe.

&#x200B;

He is the Ed Reed of corners and is now where he belongs."
Why don’t I see this play on r/nfl
No love on sportscenter...
No throw. Only take.
"Looks like that pick he had against the Rams...
Just came out of nowhere! Mr Pick-6 back at again"
I thought this was the best play all day!  Even the receiver thought he had it.  You can see him close his hands in anticipation of the catch and Juiceman snatched it out from in front of him.
That’s a straight Ed Reed play. Make an amazing catch and immediately get up and look around to see where he’s gonna run for a TD. MP is just a baller man.
"Really want to see the all-22 for this one, hurry up Gamepass!"
great pick!
So smooth. My eyes became dinner rolls when he flew in from the edge of the screen
https://i.imgur.com/uJxT1kT.gifv
""
"FUCK YES! r/ravens vs r/KansasCityChiefs gif wars are back! 

I am almost as excited for this as I am the matchup"
This is great! How do you even make these? I’m so pumped for ravens chiefs gif war 2
Goddam I love Kansas City week
So damn wholesome. This is gonna be a good week.
Where is Ben
"This is the week for Kansas City Joe’s z-man sandwiches with a side of old bay chips.

Or Maryland crab cakes and whatever KC does for sides,  dunno. I usually just go into a meat coma when I visit family out there."
I was actually asleep when you posted this which is the most pointed part of it
"Begun, the Meme Wars have."
And so it begins...
That asterisk for the knock is genius.
This got me so excited. WELL DONE
We definetly need u/BenRosen
"I wish all chiefs fans were like you, /r/KansasCityChiefs... if only..."
Unpopular opinion or sheer fact? Real pity.
Webb was better and slightly healthier
Idk why everyone feels the need to shit on Tavon
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/iwucqh)"
""
"After 2 weeks, this guy has stood out for me.

He looks so fast.

Can’t wait to see his progression throughout the year."
"He had a lot of good plays yesterday, including some that won't show up on the stat sheet. His coverage on the TE on the early 4th down play that led to Ricard's TD was great; that was a pick six if Watson makes a better throw. And I counted at least twice when Watson could have scrambled for an easy conversion on third down but Queen took a good angle and cut him off with his speed. 

Zero stats on all those plays but each potentially could have altered the course of the game.

He needs to work on playing downhill and David Johnson shook him to get wide open, though Watson overthrew him badly. But he was billed as being really fast and really smart and so far we've seen that shine through."
"If he learns how to watch the QB from Peters, we could have an elite level ballhawk and blitz artist."
Proving to Ozzie that LSU boys can ball too 😤
""
"That’s basically a Thumb Spica Splint, not a cast. They can be worn for either acute injuries or chronic/long standing injuries that they want to protect. This could be anything from a simple sprain to a small fracture. If his hands have been heavily taped/braced all year this could just be an ongoing thing. But he’s also and O-lineman so it shouldn’t hinder him too much."
These guys get their hands caught up all the time that's why their hands are always FUBAR like Booger McFarland..
did anyone peep nick boyle actually being upset with marlon? said he’s always a dick to him in the locker rooms or something and didn’t bump fists with him. hmmmm. it was honestly hella awkward cause it was at the end of his live video
"The way he was playing against JJ Watts, it looked like his whole body was in a cast."
If I'm not mistaken he's been in one of those before
"Justin Tucker, right down the middle!"
Baltimore Ravens are Super Bowl Champions
The Hay Is In The Barn
Fuck the steelers patriots and browns
Almost as good as Harrison Butker /s /s /s
"Baltimore, the Lombardi Trophy is yours!!!"
[deleted]
He wouldn't secure shit
The team was worse last year WITH Jefferson lol
Please god no
🤔🤔🤔🤔..NOPE
Smith played a lot of safety even after Tavon went to the sideline. It seems they are happier with Smith at the hybrid safety role and Averett (don't know how to spell) as the slot.
"Honestly Tavon is a luxury. Our defense was good without him, it will continue to be good without him. I honestly think we don’t even need Tavon"
Oh piss off
Possible ET3 reunion? 🤣
TJ was only horrible because they played him out of position and made him handle play calling responsibilities. In his nature position without that responsibility he is a baller. Recency bias is very strong though.
""
"This user posted across multiple NFL subreddits, this is by every definition spam"
Do we bring him up from the Practice Squad now that Young is done for the year? I don’t think we can operate with 4 corners.
"It’s Monday morning, let Eric get into the office.

We’re in good hands 😉"
"I was thinking this as well. I'd imagine Bonds gets promoted and we make Geno Stone active on game day.

This allows us also to move Elliott and Stone around. I could see jimmy now getting looks at S more"
""
We are ahead of them because we are 1-0 in the division. Not that it really matters in week 2.
"That can't be right, when you sort it by division we're leading because we have a division game in hand and better conference record, then when you sort by league we're ahead of them again and best in the AFC."
They aren’t according to the NFL App we are first in the AFC.
That’s not even true nor would it matter at all if it was.
"Oh, dear God."
Offer no longer appears in my dunkin app. Does Dunkin think ravens will win so much that it will hurt its profits?
"we've won, but at what cost?"
They changed it to a free coffee on game days. So you still get a fee one but it’ll usually be on sundays now.
I'm from SC and we used to get like 1.99 glazed dozen donuts after Panthers win. Just so happened they made the SB that year and we haven't had it since
"Do you see the Qb we have now? 

He looks like he only plans on losing 1-2 game a year.

So to answer your question, yes!

Go Ravens 😎"
It’s free coffee on ravens game days now. I got mine yesterday 😎
Does anyone have info on this guy for the Texans? He was all over the field in the game yesterday making shoe string tackles against 2-3 blockers with no backup. Probably saved over 100 yards of offense. I saw 2018 3rd rounder but we should go after this guy for our team. Looks like a straight playmaker. Wears a good number too
That play where he fought off Andrews' block to tackle Lamar in the fourth was nasty. If he doesn't a) break past a man 50 pounds heavier than him and b) tackle one of the most elusive runners in football then Lamar was going to take that 80 yards to the house and we'd have gotten a nice half-quarter of RGIII.
"Definitely had a good game today, but he got juked for a touchdown by a rookie RB last week.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=W2F9DNnkpVA"
It was crazy because that dude kept up with Lamar most of the game.  Every time he tried to turn the corner for a big gain he was right there!
Yeah Reid looked good. As did watt and Hargraves.
"So now we're gonna ask EDC to sign every player that has a good game vs us?

Smh"
And Justin Tucker putting an end to the dumbass debate Nantz and Romo started. Still can't believe these guys acted like Tucker didn't even exist
[deleted]
It's a new kicker every year that someone says is better and then by the end of the year it's clear that justin Tucker is yet again the best kicker in the league.
"Man, I want to like Romo but he's got no love for Baltimore"
"Meh, Tucker’s suffering from the MJ effect: he’s so damn good for so damn long, the media’s rushing to find someone else that’s close to Tucker’s level to generate clicks. Other kickers have tried to claim the prize of GOAT kicker, and they’ve all fallen, one by one.

Plus. Tucker’s got it easy now with Lamar (and Harbaugh embracing analytics on 4th downs.) He used to have to m kick 50+ yd field goals 7-10 times a season with Flacco. He only had ONE last year with Lamar starting every game. That’s insane."
"I love how personally we are taking this. You may insult my mother, and you may insult my children, but you will not insult my kicker and survive this day!"
"i would be okay with Ravens v Chiefs games just being a kicking competition. No game, just 2 special teams units going at it."
What was the stat the announcers made in game? Like 64 field goals in a row when the distance is under 40? That's some legendary stuff right there.
How insecure are we that we are hoping an opposing kicker misses kicks so our kicker looks better. Let Tucker's performance speak for itself. I hope Butler makes multiple 50 yarders and Tucker just out kicks him. Besides Butker misses too many XPs to be compared to Tucker. His FG kicking is very good but his XP% is league average.
Idiots do as idiots see. Fish in a pond syndrome.
"Apparently Chiefs kicking unit have been caught possibly cheating. 
https://twitter.com/Ya_Boy_Matty/status/1308050280848781312?s=20"
"Looks like the questions might have been too tough.  No 3 or 6 point winners.  Better luck this week as the Ravens host the Chiefs.  On to the good stuff...

#Week 2 Results

|Score|Guess|Result|
|:--|:--|:--|
|+6|Final Score|33-16 Ravens|
|+3| Total COMBINED field goals made |7 (Ravens 4, Texans 3)|
|+1| Distance of the longest RAVENS passing play |21-45 (Jackson pass to Andrews for 29 yd)|

#scoring

|Earns|Winner(s)|
|:--|:--|
|+6| none |
|+3| none |
|+1| u/No0ther0ne u/TheProGamer77 u/ogdonut u/Gio52903 u/RamRod013 u/gboccia u/Cryophobiaa u/samvikingo u/Paraxom u/steamyjeans33 u/SC0RCHER55 u/SheUsedToLoveMe u/zaraxia101 u/MarcusMcGuane|

**Lucky Guess Standings after Week 2**

|Rank|Username|+6|+3|+1|Total Points|
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| 1 | u/SC0RCHER55              | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 1 | u/samvikingo             | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 1 | u/MarcusMcGuane              | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 2 | u/GandalfTheSilverFox              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 2 | u/Juggling_T_Rex             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 2 | u/kevin12345420              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 2 | u/ColoradoRavensFan              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 2 | u/JayJayfortheRavs             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 3 | u/Folby_Orb   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/NaanBradOSRS   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/acemanico   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/Baroudii   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/SNRavens91   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/IcelandicRaven   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/Ioanni_hackvirtus  | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/peanutburger   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/FricknPlausible   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/gnarkilleptic   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/AHoneyBC  | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/CarelessCompetition   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/680Man   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/zombiereign   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 4 | u/King_Clitorus    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/YEAH_J22TS   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/iceup17    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/Mrusername   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/No0ther0ne    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/TheProGamer77   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/ogdonut    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/Gio52903  | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/RamRod013    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/gboccia   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/Cryophobiaa    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/Paraxom   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/steamyjeans33    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/SheUsedToLoveMe   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/zaraxia101    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |

#Week 3

#Chiefs @ Texans

**Guesses submitted after 12/28/20 at 8:15pm EST will not be counted.**

**Scoring will be as follows:**

* 6 points: final score (with winner)  
* 3 points: Total COMBINED turnovers
* 1 point: Distance of the longest RAVENS rushing play (none, 1-20 yds, 21-45 yds, 46+ yds)

#Good luck!"
"View in your timezone:  
[12/28/20 at 8:15pm EST][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20201229T0115?tl=Lucky%20Guess%202020%20(Week%203)"
"Score: 35-32 ravens 
2 combined turnovers
Longest ravens rushing play 21-45 yards"
"33-28 Ravens

3 turnovers

1-20 yards"
"34-28 Ravens

2 total TOs

21-45yrds"
"45 - 42 Ravens 

3 Turnovers

21-45"
"31-27 Ravens

0 turnovers (I assume this is only fumbles and Int, not turnover on downs?)

Longest Ravens rush: 21-45 yds"
"40-27 ravens.

4 turnover 

21-45 rush"
"37-35 Ravens 

3 combined

21-45 yds"
"55-48 Ravens

2 total TO’s

21-45 yards"
"34-28 Ravens
3 turnovers
21-45 yards"
"38-37 


2 combined turnovers 


35 yards"
"34-28 Ravens

1 turnover 

1-20"
"27 - 24 Ravens

4 turnovers

21-45"
"Score 24-21 Ravens, 2 combined turnovers, longest run play 21-45 yards"
"45 42 Ravens

2 turnovers. 

21-45"
"34-31 Ravens

3 turnovers

21-45 yards"
"38-34 ravens 

3 total TOS

21-45 yards"
"38-27 KC

4 turnovers

21-45"
"33- 28 chiefs (unfortunately)

3 total combined turnovers

21-45 yard play"
"I don't get this. At the time the second question was combined turnovers. There were 2. Under ""results"" it says combined field goals, which were 7. 

For the third question, at the time we guessed it was longest rush. Under ""results"" it says longest pass play.  Longest rush was Dobbins at 44, so 21-45 would be the right guess.

It also has a deadline of 12/28 to make your guess, and the Week 3 matchup says ""Chiefs at Texans""."
"57 - 19 Ravens

3 turnovers

46+

also Judon with two strip sacks and a Ravens Special Teams TD"
"34-27 Ravens

2 total turnovers

21-45 yards"
""
"30 minutes of him and cam just saying big truss 100 different ways, sign me up"
"Cam Jordan is hilarious and one of my favorite non-Ravens, I don’t know if the internet is ready for this lol"
I really don't listen to podcasts.....but I'm going to 100% listen to this
Thank you lord two of the funniest giving us the content that 2020 desperately needs
I need this in my life.
Fellas the podcast is pretty good. First episode was Kamara. He talked about having to play hurt under Nick Saban and he just couldn't. Talked about junior college and how it was a horrible experience. I like Kamara a lot. Cool personality but he doesn't show accountability for his actions. Nothing is ever his fault. The Hollywood Brown episode dropped today and Ill check it out tonight.
"I don't wanna sound too entitled. Ravens won but something was off. Was it because the Llama got too many sacks? Or Llama didn't throw dimes like he did against the browns.


Something feels off."
"Lamar’s passing was still great in this game.

The issue is the offensive line. Lamar is not getting a clean pocket, and the running game is getting very little help.

Outside of a few games, we have a very easy regular season schedule. The team is talented enough that poor O-line play will not sink us. But if this is not addressed in time for the postseason, then we’re in trouble."
"Interior of the offensive line is a liability.

Outside linebackers are also avg, at best.  
Every team has its weaknesses, those are the most glaring ones that I see after 2 weeks.

I just hope the line doesn’t get Lamar injured."
"The interior is a problem.  There's a mid-level prospect, a guy recovering from a major knee injury and a rookie in there, whereas last year the rookie's spot was filled by a sure-fire Hall-of-Famer.  Stanley is also playing injured, but the sack he gave up yesterday wasn't his fault.  Lamar just chose the wrong lane and ran himself into that one.  Brown struggled with Watt, but Watt is also the toughest test he'll have to face this year.  Man is a mutant.  

There were a lot of pass plays called, but the Texans threw a lot of eight-man boxes up there, so as much as I don't like it, it was still the right choice.  In the end, this was a classic Ravens game, with the run game and defence being the tools by which we won, even though the pass game brought in some big plays.    

I really didn't like their goal line moves in the fourth though, with around five minutes left.  Instead of just lining up power, they used outside runs that went out of bounds, including a Lamar run which was about the worst possible play in that situation, because either Lamar has to go out of bounds and stop the clock or has to take a big hit.  In a three score game its not the end of the world, but setting bad habits is never good."
"I feel like Lamar should be changing the protection at the line more by now. Even though some of the sacks Phillips and Brown straight up got beaten.

But I think we were Ok. Poorly is a stretch. Texans were playing not to get blown out and go 0-2. Most teams know about Lamars speed now especially the Texans after last season, they locked on to Andrews all game long and  [Zach Cunningham](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zach_Cunningham) job was basically to get to the sideline before Lamar if he scrambled. That man was dead tired by the 4Q thats why those runs started coming in Chunks and the end. The first 3Q was Houston playing on all Madden and it still wasn't enough to beat us. They were so tired they're lucky we ran out of clock if that game was 5 mins long it might have ended 50-16"
"Here is exactly why it feels like we played shitty, especially offensively. We only scored 2 offensive touchdowns, one of which was only a 34 yard drive that was set up from a turnover. 

Here’s why we shouldn’t worry. We had 8 drives (excluding the last one that was just to milk the clock out). 5 of those drives we went at least 58 yards. Yes 4 of those 5 drives only ended in field goals and not touchdowns, but the Texans D is a top half D in the league with some top playmakers, and really did their homework in shutting us down near/in the red zone. Then of course we had the 34 yard drive TD, which only leaves 2/8 drives that didn’t come away with points. Us scoring on 75% of drives is an even higher rate than last year, where we averaged scoring 58% of drives. It still fields weird because of the more FGs as the breakdown of this game was 25% TD/drive, 50% FG/drive when we averaged 40% TD/drive 17% FG/drive last year."
We had 16 rushing yards in the first half. We finished with around 230 rushing yards. This both greatly excites me and greatly worries me.
The offensively line play has been poor. Yanda is missed.
We didn't run the ball early in the game. Lamar had his runs but we didn't feed the running backs. It always feels like we aren't as efficient if we don't run the ball early in the game.
"Oline definitely is our weakest group, especially the right side. Good thing is, barring injury, they should get better as Phillips develops as a player and they work on their cohesion, but yeah, no Yanda hurts us bad."
"The offense line was bad and while they ran a lot in the second half when they were up a bit, in the first half they forgot their strength is still running the ball.  LJ was running for his life."
"As others pointed out, the OLine isn’t what it was last year. And it’s not just about the rookie. The whole unit just doesn’t look as good compared to last year. Nothing to panic about just yet, though. Chiefs next week and Washington (whose DLine was amazing Week 1) the week after will be a good test.

Also, maybe it’s just me, but it seemed like Watson started to find the right guys to pick on in coverage, especially when Tavon went down. Queen, Averett, Levine, Elliot, all seemed to me like they got targeted often in coverage."
"Would just like to point out that the stretch of dominance where we demolished the Texans, Rams, Jets etc all in a row was not something you should expect to see again for a long time. 

Great teams find ways to win even when they aren't firing on all cylinders.

With that said yeah this team very clearly needs help in the interior OL and secondary depth. We've still got guys on the team we could try and fill those spots with and I trust EDC to make moves if we continue to struggle."
"If the oline doesn't get their shit together, we're not going to be opening up the deep game this year. Lamar needs more time to throw. 

But at the same time, he's been getting blitzed at a pretty high rate. He needs to recognize this, and either make a shift, or stop standing in the pocket to get drilled. If Watson can roll out and avoid a sack, surely the best running QB (maybe the best runner) in the league can do the same."
O-line needs to be taken care of
The O-line will need to improve.
"Yeah to add to what everyone else is saying, yes we have played poorly but despite that we’ve still had double digit wins and really actually dominated. Once this team starts to gel and play better think how scary they can be."
The interior O-line is not playing well as everyone mentioned. The good news is that since we have such an amazing QB it hasn’t affected us too much since he is so good at escaping and running to the outside. If we had any other QB we would have been struggling to get any yardage the whole game.
"Can anyone say they're too surprised to see the hole left by Yanda... I mean really? 

Guess which side most of those sacks came from. 

I dont think it's an issue we need to be too worry about. Like yeah, there is a weakness there. But it's not downright a hindrance like other teams oline problems. Hell the texans oline was worse than ours. Watson took 13 hits yesterday."
Definitely our offensive line looked off
"Pass protection was bad this game. You're definitely not alone in that.

We also initially was having issues with putting pressure on Watson (though we got to him a lot in the second half) and with Tavon going down, our CB position look thin af again"
Does anybody know why we put tyre Philips in immediately? We have DJ fluker who's a vet. Tyre needed to sit for a little at least. It just doesn't make sense to me.
"They certainly did. I felt the air of melancholy as I woke up this morning. Typically after a Ravens win, I feel energized and happy. We played very poorly in all phases. To give up 16 points to the Texans and score only 33 is pathetic by our standards."
Expect one of two positions to be filled very soon via a trade by EDC. O-line and/or CB.
"You're not wrong. Stat watchers claiming we ran all over em didn't watch the game, we put up 100 rushing yards in trash time, until the 4th we were struggling bc o-line. If it weren't for the turnovers the game could have gone very different. D deserves a lot of credit more than anyone IMO."
"Some of those sacks should be attributed to Lamar holding the ball too long, but Tyre Phillips is a huge liability at RG, and Skura and Orlando Brown are a bit shaky around him."
Not every game is gonna be played perfectly. There were multiple changes to the offensive an defensive lines. There’s going to be a period of adjustments...posts like these make you sound like patriot fans when they don’t get their way.
""
Really good!!
[deleted]
""
These are great 😂 we need more gif wars
If the watermelon had the browns logo on it this would have been a 10/10 gif
"Lol, two IASIP clips from each sub and both times Mac is a Raven and Charlie is a Chief. Are we trying to claim characters now?"
"Ugh this one is so good. Might be my favorite so far lol

STUNT ON THESE HOES"
"Extremely high-quality but I still think the MS Paint IASIP gif was funnier.  Maybe just team bias there haha

edit: ""stunt -- on -- them -- hos"" was brilliant"
[deleted]
"The fit is pretty slim but the sparkle is on the gold, which seems normal?"
"If it fits, it fits. Now go rep it!"
Fragile masculinity?
""
You're KILLING it Smalls.
Ahahahaha Busta makes it
Can we all stop and bask in the humiliation that Busta and Tyrion must exude going from pinnacle to a buttfucking doritos commercial?
""
So... you're saying.... you can only win when you look like you are gonna lose by a significant margin?
Wtf cartoon is this where Batman Armbar’s someone until he snaps it like a twig!!? Good lord!
These are getting dark
[removed]
"Hey Flock,

I haven't seen any information about whether we signed someone and/or brought someone up from the practice squad to fill Tavon's roster spot. Anyone have info on that?"
Like it or not Anthony Averett is next man up.
Ya as soon as I wipe my ass I’m gonna give John a call and see wtf is up
Judon in the slot.
Clearly gonna give averett a chance to fail and if he gets murdered by mahomes i would expect a trade
I hope Averett can play decent in the slot. That’s so important for our defense because IMO it is a waste of our best player by using Humphrey in the slot. I don’t see why Averett can’t become a decent nickel. He’s fast as shit and has been in the system for 3 years now. To me it seems his biggest weekend is tracking the ball in the air down field
[removed]
I don't think they make a move on a significant talent unless it becomes a habit of Averett getting torched every week
"I think what you're asking isn't necessarily who is replacing him on the field (Averett & Humphry in the slot). I haven't heard/seen them officially place him on the IR, so they wouldn't have added anyone else to the roster yet until that move is made."
Jimmy and MP on the outside Marlon in the slot averett on the 4th
"I’m expecting us to go with Marlon in the slot, Jimmy and Marcus on the outside against Mahomes. Anything else is too risky. They will put Hill in the slot and absolutely destroy us like that if we do anything else. 

The next couple weeks I think it’s worth seeing what we have with Dorsey and Bonds. Think we’ll still see some of Marlon in the slot, and some Averett on the outside too, but we’re all of a sudden really thin at corner outside of our starters (counting all of Jimmy, Marcus, and Marlon as starters. 

If Dorsey and Binds aren’t passable, which I think is likely, I’d like to see us make a move for a slot corner at the deadline."
"If you are talking about just sole roster spot - it is EDC's way to wait until the last second to make the changes, since they are 99% bringing someone up from PS it is a super easy transfer so he is going to wait until monday afternoon to make the transaction so the chiefs have to take some minutes to mule it over that much closer to game time.

At this point it could be Alaka (ST) or one of the 2 slot corners we have in PS -CB Terrell Bonds or Khalil Dorsey which are both more of the slot archetype.

As for who is going to step into his role on the field - it very much is looking like it is going to be Averette with a possibility of Smith moving back to outside corner and Marlon going to slot again like last year but it seems like the FO is committed to trying to keep Marlon outside, Smith as more of a Safety and Averette as a Slot.

Now people have been complaining about Averette being picked on so far, but if you look at it out of the vaccuum teams have a choice of throwing to: Marcus Peters (ball Hawk), Marlon Humphrey (Falcon Punch), or this other CB.... the other CB is almost going to get all the looks. I think Averette looks worse on the eye test just because we have been spoiled with the last couple of years of having 4+ really good corners so even just taking a step down to good looks bad.  


edit:  
[https://www.baltimorebeatdown.com/2020/9/26/21457466/terrell-bonds-set-to-replace-tavon-young-on-active-roster-ravens-chiefs](https://www.baltimorebeatdown.com/2020/9/26/21457466/terrell-bonds-set-to-replace-tavon-young-on-active-roster-ravens-chiefs) \- it seems Bonds may have won the sweep stakes unless this is some smoke to go with the mirrors"
[deleted]
"Big Brain Wink - planting that billion dollar seed in Mahomes' agent's mind so his next contract extension will be higher than the entire salary cap, thereby eliminating the Chiefs from fielding a team."
🍻 Respect that. Ravens and KC has next level QB's
You don't need to know how to split an atom to pick on Anthony Averett.
Sounds like Bellichick's strategy last season - talk up the competition before embarrassing them. Let's hope it works out that way and not the way it did when he talked up Lamar.
"Ravens DC Don ""Wink"" Martindale on Mahomes: ""He's at that football IQ level of Brady, Manning and those kinds of quarterbacks. ... They could have paid him a billion and I'd still think he's underpaid.""

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
"Whatever the outcome of our matchup, just wanted to say how much I appreciate you all. Best fans outside of KC of course. Here's to many more enjoyable gif wars to come as we both dominate the hell out of the league year after year."
"Yeah, yeah...take your upvote and giddy on up outta here."
Brilliant. Love Tombstone.
How dare you use my favorite movie (and one of my favorite scenes) against my favorite football team!  Take your upvote and get out of here!
"As a Ravens fan, I just want to say this is fantastic! Well done (also I freakin love that movie)."
""
Gus the Bus as the hulk
This would’ve been Hayden Hurst’s time to shine as Thor
"Y’all are crazy, this is actually kinda cool"
Lamar4blackpanther
I'm cringing already
Hollywood had better be quicksilver
"I'm told ESPN will start the next broadcast of 'Monday Night Football' with help from Disney sibling Marvel - look for certain Chiefs and Ravens to be made into superheroes in the show's open....

***

posted by [@bristei](https://twitter.com/bristei)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Nothing will ever top Joe with wings.

https://ftw.usatoday.com/2017/11/joe-flacco-espn-graphics-monday-night-football-raven-dancing-elite-ravens-texans-nfl"
I could get down for this
I honestly have the lowest expectations for this
Can't be any worse than that fake giant raven they had at the Jets game last year.
""
""
That’s their name
""
"GOOD ONE, RYAN"
"Good answer too. There's a lot of technique in arm wrestling, a lot of people don't know and get there asses kicked."
""
"This is fan-fucking-tastic! 

Join us in “running it back”"
Yes. This is the .jpg shoddiness that I crave
Lamarvelous Decimus Meridius
"Love it! Missed opportunity for the kid to be Suggs :D  
Only reason Lamar would temporarily put his weapon down against KC"
I was really hoping it would be lamar with the shades when he turned around. Thank you for not disappointing. This was awesome
You had me at “unanimous MVP”. Fuckin brilliant.
Love it!!
Nice work!  Smiling the whole ride.
Why does Mahomes look like Eric Andre in those pics near the end? What was happening to him in that picture? Who filled him with that energy?
Good job!
LMAO when he turned around.  Fucking Brilliant.
I fucking love chiefs week
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
This is good stuff hahaha
And that's all I have to say about that.
This gif war is the only good thing to come from 2020.
[deleted]
""
At least some people will be at the game! 250 of close family members of the team and staff included but I’ll take whatever at this point baby.
Step in the right direction for allowing fans to eventually get in the stadium. Wish they used week 1 as this trial period so we could’ve gotten some fans in for the Chiefs game.
"I want to hate Lamar.  I really do.  I want to buy into the false narrative that he's a RB/WR and not a true QB.  I hate that his name keeps being put in the same sentence as Mahomes.  I'm trying to nitpick at his performances to find some tangible differences that will knock him down a peg... but I can't.  QB vs QB, I'm not ready to put much weight on their postseason records just yet.  It's a team game.  Neither is out there throwing stupid interceptions causing their team to lose.  It takes a village to win.  All that went right for Mahomes will also go right for Lamar in the post season.

I truly hope these guys become the next Brady vs Manning, going tit for tat for the next 10+ yrs.  It makes the game that much more entertaining.  I want to be deathly afraid of the Ravens.  The gif wars have been fantastic.  But the comments that a few people leave sometimes are borderline cringeworthy.  95% of the script is hilarious for both teams, but you have that one guy who needs to nitpick on the 5% and get all defensive, mainly over a stat.  

I love Mahomes.  And I'm loving Lamar.  I wanted to paint him as another Michael Vick or Cam Newton... great, but not legendary.  But he completely won me over last season when he wore the white sleeves and glove after the skin color comments.  Gangsta move which made me a fan.  Hoping for both QBs to make highlight reel plays and for a nail biter of a game.  Will make the AFC Championship rematch In January that much more drama filled."
The same to you sir. May our otherworldly quarterbacks continue to dominate together and entertain against one another for years to come.
Most of us feel the same.  You can appreciate both QBs.  What a time to be a fan of either team!
Much love man. Mahomes arm and football iq is unparalleled so is Lamars athletic ability. Both make great plays and have great arms.
"I think Lamar mahomes and Russ are the top 3 QBs and any order of them is acceptable IMO, I’m just happy all three are so likeable I’m rooting for mahomes every other day except Monday and the playoffs"
"truzz Chiefs 🤞🏽🤞🏽 may our QBs stay healthy and have long, entertaining careers"
"Same here.  I want to hate Mahommes but I just can't.  These 2 QBs are changing the game and hopefully they have a long but friendly rivalry.   
Keep the gifs coming.    
 
Iron sharpens Iron."
Well said! Can’t wait for all the games to come
yes man I feel the same way bout mahomes
First rational chiefs fan thank you for actually seeing things the way they actually are
"“I want to hate Lamar.” “I wanted to paint him as another Michael Vick or Cam Newton.”

.........alrighty then"
""
49ers fan supporting the Ravens against the chiefs. That's sus. We got an imposter lol
Idk how to feel about this.
As a ravens fan please for the love of christ invest in knee braces before the game at metlife
Hahaha - 49er fans still salty after that ass-kicking delivered in LIV. I love it.
""
How great would it be for Madubuike to come in and tear it up for us
"We're too busy with this amazing gif war for a damn injury report, give em an icy hot"
Earl Thomas inactive so we won't have to worry about hardman or watkins being 60 yards down field having a picnic by themselves
""
"u/evermanawildcat and I love to debate.

&#x200B;

(h/t u/ordinaryoli for the clip and concept!)"
Go for the jugular daddy
"Jesus, man! Let em live! Did you have to go that hard?"
This legitimately might be the best one. I’m crying
Lmao
"Now I go



You're ""greatest kicker in the league"" missed 4 (four) PATs in one (1) season"
Well done sir. Well done.
*insert unoriginal comeback here*
*Chef’s kiss*
What movie is this from?
"OMG, that last bit had me genuinely laughing out loud, and may have just legit killed the people KC"
Omg I’m cackling
holy shit you killed them
"Vote early!!!

https://elections.maryland.gov/voting/early_voting.html

Maryland early voting begins Monday, October 26 and ends Monday, November 2 (including Saturday and Sunday) from 7 am to 8 pm.  Follow link for locations.

Mail in ballots are being gamed."
Reid > Harbaugh
""
""
"u/Harry_Tomato is this better?

EDIT- **I hope you guys stick around for the “bonus scene” at the very end!**"
"Mahomes will be very upset you wasted all that ketchup at the end!!! It goes on steak and green beans, not the wall!"
"You mess with the flock, you get the glock"
What is this from?
beautiful
""
Tucker 3:16
"#ARRIVE

#EXTRA POINT

#LEAVE"
And that's the bottom line because Tucker said so
Thats cold. Stone cold. I’m stunned.
1 career missed PAT > 7
would havd loved if he got thrown the beers on the turnbuckle and they were 50+ yarders.  Great job!
I love the gif wars between us. I might have spit some beer up to this one. PS i once put old bay on vanilla ice cream.
As a Steelers fan I cant argue (no one should be able to argue) that you have the best kicker in the league if not all time
Tucc
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BUTKER TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
""
"I gotchu, gimme a sec. will update

update: https://imgur.com/dLI2b9L
use responsibly"
""
"As a ravens fan, thanks for getting him that second super bowl ring so he can get his gold jacket first ballot as a Raven😉"
"First of all, how dare you"
"Thanks, I hate it."
"This one gets under my skin, I can't lie. That chain is the icing on the cake"
"Now I love Suggs. But he lucked the fuck out on that one. How many weeks did he spend with the cardinals. It was most of the season wasnt it. He didnt join the chiefs until december. Mid december. XD

Like all the rewards of being a superbowl winning team without all that regular season nonsense."
Good for him. But wack.
You couldn't have won a ring workout him
Chiefs legend? I must have missed the joke
The gloves are off you bastard. Take this upvote and prepare your butthole.
You’re welcome for Sizzle & Priest Holmes you bastard
Terrell*
"Alright, that's it! Time to fight."
Aint even mad lol take an upvote! Sizzle sure lucked out on last season.... imagine if he does something similar this year with Baltimore 😈
Lmao this is hilarious
""
The head dress makes me cringe - I hated seeing them in the stands. I’m glad they’re banned now.
We should make Kansas City go Football Team next I think.
""
I’ll never cease to be amazed at Farleys ability to move his body.
The 2020 version of the Mona Lisa.
"Brilliant! ""Halftime"" killed me"
This is hands down my favorite!! I'm in fucking tears over here. Absolutely GOLD!
I lol’d at “halftime”
Amazing!  Haha
Man we never should have taught Marcus Peters to be such a great corner when he was with the Chiefs
"Fucking spectacular! Also, go piss on an electric fence."
This is great man!
Good shit
You bastard. I hate that I love this.
Another beautiful production.
This is my favorite one so far. Black Sheep is one of my all-time favorite movies.
The surprise Lamar at :29 got me lolol
"I mean our D was still standing at the end...so...CHIEFS WIN! lol
Nice work!"
Awesome.
Art
i loved this one.... *heisman* :)
Well done!!
I died at the halftime
/u/vredditshare
Marcus Peters INT caught me off guard and had me snorting. 🔥👏🏼
RIP Chris
""
THANK YOU!!
"Caw caw, blap blap."
😂😂😂😂😂
😤😤😤😤😤
This is.... *chefs kiss*
😂👌🏽
I’m about to get this tatted now it’s done
"""Welcome to baltimore, duck motherfucker"""
I did not realize I needed this in my life... until I saw it. It’s beautifully poetic.
OH MAN!
needs to be jpg'd to death for ultimate shitpost quality
😭😭🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
""
"God, I love that movie"
"Goddammit i was hoping we would get this clip first for a gif. Take your goddamn upvote, well played"
I’m a KC season ticket holder and this makes me uncomfortable. 😀
""
So glad he could get his only ring with us.
only priest I'd let hang with my kids
Hahahahahhajahahahahhaha fuck you! Hahahahjahaja
God. Dammit. Lol. Honestly didn’t even know he played for the ravens but man I IDOLIZED him with the chiefs. Still have his jersey.
HOOK EM
Quality shit post
haha this is golden
"Shots fired.

Oh wait, no that's just Baltimore 😋"
God that old helmet logo was trash. Good meme!
Wouldve been good if it was an original idea lmao
""
Just need to send the Madden adjuster the tape of his pick in the Texans game. Should boost his rating to the 90s.
I still love Marcus Peters. Wish he hadn't picked a fight with his coach on the sideline because he would have been a legend by now if he had stayed with the Chiefs.
""
""
3rd best rb on the field that day
this is gold well played
Lol I love that this has more upvotes in our sub than here
"He’s the only priest I’ve ever loved - what a great back. If I recall correctly he had a similar injury to Bo Jackson. Are there Chiefs fans trying to claim Suggs as our own?  That’s absurd. I guess we could do the same with Joe Montana.

Edit - now I see what you were talking about - that is a funny picture of Suggs."
>:[
"This isn't Koolaid or hyperbole. It is simply a fact. Lamar's incredible electricity running the ball blinds people to his otherworldly skills in passing the ball and seeing the field and leading the offense. All his weapons save Snead are rookies or on rookie contracts. Not so much the other supposed QB competition. What Lamar can do (demoralize and devastate opponents) nobody can do. 

Sure some can throw a flier every now and then, that highly paid receivers can catch and win a game for them, but consistently nobody can take over a game like Lamar Jackson. His humility, work ethic, dedication to winning, focus, athleticism, ability to make no name players pro-bowlers, the way his teammates go out to bat for him and his sheer talent make him incomparable. You just need to remove those jaundiced eye glasses to see it. 

By season's end he'll be having his 'Say my name' moment to all the naysayers/doubters/skin color bigots and the rest of the Polian fan club members!

Why wait folks? Just say his name now! LAMAR JACKSON! LAMAR JACKSON! LAMAR JACKSON!!!!!"
"You're definitely the biggest Lamar homer on this sub lol, but I love it, hope you're right on all your posts"
I know this is just hyperbole but it does feel like we’re only seeing the tip of the iceberg when it comes to how he can perform.
"I really think he’ll end up as an all time great. This generations Steve Young, but faster."
"Lamar can take over a game. But so can Mahomes. Ive seen him do it. Does Mahomes have more talented and distinguished receivers yes. But Mahomes and Lamar are neck and neck. Obviously I choose my QB but you are discrediting Mahomes. 

Side note I really wish ET wasn't such a bitch and just bought into the culture. Hes still probably the best free safety in the world. We went from a mostly cover 1 defense to a cover 2 or 3 the moment we lost him. Clark being versatile and smart as fuck makes the loss less noticeable but if we didn't have Clark we would be exposed in the secondary even if the 3 great corners we have still healthy played perfectly."
Yea...he had a solid  year. I wish it would’ve worked out.
"He could just be a pocket passer and he would be one of the best in the league. Dudes a phenomenon, and still under-rated."
I love it. He’s young Jordan right now with the doubters. It’s fun to be on the ground floor. I’m here for it all.
This made me laugh
But he's only a running back lol
Haters from the Chiefs voting this post down. Keep the upvoting going Ravens fans for Ravens pride.
[deleted]
""
"Lmao at the caw’s at the end. By god, that’s my calling card"
"My spiciest gif yet, sure to lose me a few new friends over in the KC sub. I still love you Chief bros, but you know what they say about fairness, war and hell."
lmao he ded
"The ""sad chief noises"" and ""caws"" killed me."
*tenderness*
Just absolutely beautiful.
I’m aroused.
This GIF war is the pinnacle of human achievement.
"*tenderness*

Fuckin great"
Can I just make it official that we won this gif war???
I really like this one
I didn't realize that Suggs isn't a Chief anymore... I was looking forward to seeing him again on Monday
CAW
"Dude the caws at the end had me rolling, this is the best gif I’ve seen so far out of both subs."
This is gold
Dude
The Chiefs at one point were the big playoff CHOKERS. 22 year chokers.
Delightful!
I’m loving the meme war
u/VredditDownloader
Caw
Oh my.
"*tenderness 
I'm dying
I FUCKING LOVE CHIEFS WEEK"
Thats Gold..  CAW CAW!!
Suggs a free agent tho
They made a gif saying to bring them their trophies like bih we got two of them
I don’t get how these keep getting better and better
Now that is top notch.
Brilliant!
"The Ravens may be the least ""evil"" team in the NFL."
One of the best ones yet
I don’t think I ever realized Ben Mendelsohn was in this movie.
"""sad Chiefs noise"" lol I'm crying"
"Bravo, my dude!"
*He ded* lmaoooooo
"I like this, then we can do another one in a couple months with Batman (aka Mahomes) finishing u guys off in the end (playoffs) 😂"
[deleted]
""
"Can't get mad at this one, it was funny as hell."
"We’re just glad you guys *finally* got your second after *all those* **years** and **years** of waiting! 

Seriously, it doesn’t matter that the Ravens were founded, then won *two* trophies in literally half the time it took the Chiefs to get **from** one **to** two; what matters is we both have the same number of trophies!

Kidding aside, awesome gif man, loved it!"
Amazing 👏
"Should have been specifically between Mahomes and Lamar, would have stung more, we have the same SB wins team-wise

&#x200B;

Good addition to the war tho :)"
The worst part is you can't even counter with Lamar's awards because Mahomes did all the same things in 2018 😂
[deleted]
""
the guy from the Gebco ad played? for the ravens??
They gotta bring back the lineman face masks with the vertical bar down the middle. It looked so tough.
"I remember reading a scouting report on JO coming out of UCLA saying something to the effect of ""Ogden is so dominant that he could play most games with a cup of coffee in one hand and not miss a beat."" Pretty goddamn accurate summation of the man's NFL career too."
On top of how talented and dominant he was it seems like he's one of the chillest and nicest guys around. I saw him at the stadium on the lower concourse in the beer line for some random November game a few years ago. I was about to go say hi and ask for a pic but a couple guys got to him first and I didn't want to start a line or commotion and bother him. They showed him on the jumbotron later in the game and he was in fact just sitting in the lower bowl with the rest of the plebs. You have to be down to earth to be a guy so instantly recognizable and sit with the fans without any privacy.
"&#x200B;

I'm on Team Averett 😎😎

[https://twitter.com/ravens4dummies/status/1309573880449818627](https://twitter.com/ravens4dummies/status/1309573880449818627)"
most of us just want to see him make a play. just one
"This depicts the wrong number, as he now wears #23. He has changed every season: #28 in 2018, #34 in 2019 & #23 in 2020. I wonder which double digits he will wear next year? That is, if he is even still here . . ."
Averett would start for quite a few teams. People don't realize how blessed we are at the position.
""
"Hold up, I want to see the next panel."
"##r/KansasCityChiefs
---------------------------------------------
^(For mobile and non-RES users) ^| 
[^(More info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/botwatch/comments/6xrrvh/clickablelinkbot_info/) ^| 
^(-1 to Remove) ^| 
[^(Ignore Sub)](https://np.reddit.com/r/ClickableLinkBot/comments/gpbgg1/ignore_list/)"
Yeah this too corny for me.
[deleted]
No worries you’ll take her off our hands once she’s due for a new contract and be reunited in your fandom. We’ll take good care of her and her development til then tho!
Lameow Catson
Link me to that jersey! My boy would like fire in that.
Smart cat
Based KitKat!
You all deserve better than Gase.
"but the Jets are just Ravens North at this point, why don't you come on down and have some crabs and tendies"
[removed]
""
Maybe this one should be on the shirts
Hell yeah coach let's go for it
[deleted]
As the title says...they may be a little different but I don’t remember them looking like this before lol
""
WOW
"Boulware is right there with Ray, JO, and Ed. Loved watching him play. What a cool experience?!"
Just a solid dude too.
https://imgur.com/a/0WS2jRL
Ay thats fuckin sick! Boulware was so underrated and forgotten
Where was dinner?
So jealous! Boulware is one of my favorite players ever.
"So much better than the second ring, not even close"
""
The Dad having enough at the end is probably what the rest of r/nfl feels like after this amazing week.
"This is my first attempt at a gif, sorry for the low quality. I just wanted to join in on the GIF war!"
Incredible! Simply incredible
Should we make some sort of Ravens/chiefs combo subreddit for bro memes as we run train through the AFC?
"> We’ve literally never done any of those things

dead"
This is my favorite so far
“I’ll drop 40 on that mf” 😂😂😂😂
Had me laughing! Great work!
"These have been getting on my nerves, however this one, is perfect. I can actually hear them saying it all. Well done"
Great one OP!!!
Alright we need a part 2 when they meet at the house and have the standoff.  Then part 3 after after our comeback win of him being buried in the back yard and comes out of the ground 😂😂
My god this is just gold
Idk how anyone gets tired of these gifs. Sooo funny!
This is possibly the funniest one of the whole week tbh.  So many good ones.
"boats and hoes, boat and hoes, gotta stunt on these (boats) and hoes!"
Wish I had gold: this is the first one I have shared to my non reddit friends. Warchwd all week. gold.
I’ve watched it three times and it doesn’t get old. Thank you for this. My favorite movie just got better.
The GIF war with KC is my second favorite part of Ravens Chiefs week.
"This was hilarious, great job!"
This is fantastic
Well done
Should’ve squeezed in the Johnny Hopkins joke because Hopkins is in Baltimore
"This is actually really good.

Was hoping you'd find a way to squeeze ""bull"" in there somehow. Really great stuff though I enjoyed it."
Gem
Brilliant!
This is incredible
[deleted]
" This is my first attempt at a gif and learning how it all works, sorry about the quality! I just wanted to join in on the gif war!"
[removed]
""
If Lamar took care of himself during quarantine like I did...
"Dammit OP, you can't just post a picture of Zion Williamson and try to call it fat Lamar"
Greatest FB of all time.
On the Baker Mayfield off-season diet?
[deleted]
/r/confusedboner
Finally. A body that was **actually** built by Taco Bell.
Looks like Craig Robinson's brother.
Not bad for a nose tackle
Lamar Jackson adopted Big Bens off season workout routine.
Taking big truss to a whole nother level!
Never stop making these
[The fabulous Baby Huey and the Babysitters!](https://youtu.be/JgxZCJ9jwiw)
I’m dying here 😂🤣
Now stuntin on 2x the hoes
More to love
If Darryl from the office played football
"""Not bad for a left tackle"""
Looks good on him?
Could still drop a 4.4 40
That's because of all the defensive players he eats for dinner
That’s from feasting on all those Ws
Wow he gained a lot in a week. Must be hitting up the fast food. 😱
#MY EYES 😱
He will look like this after he retires.
"yo i am dying laughing. what if this was lamar's twin who was a lineman on the team lmao. can you imagine the post news conferences? jesus.. ingrham, normal sized lamar and his little brother fat lamar. i would die laughing."
He looks like Steve McNair
Lamarcus Russell
Thanks I love it.
This is unbelievably disturbing
Lamar Fatson
Bele-eat dat
Ocho? More like Ochenta y Ocho.
""
"I just want to point out that this is an entire article written about a picture posted by Bonds’ trainer that does not say Bonds has been/is going to be elevated to the active roster.

This could just as easily mean that he’s the practice squad player that will be active and not coming up to the 53."
""
i’m always proud when these guys get their shot
"Is he a slot corner? 

Really hoping Marlon can get back to the outside this season as imo he plays far better on the outside."
"He'll be in 3rd down pass plays. He's quick, shifty, tackles above his weight class and is fast."
I’d rather see this guy get his shot than continue to watch Anthony Averett get beat up and down the field like he’s trying to compete with Frank Walker and Corey Ivy for worst Ravens CB ever.
""
Wait is that stitched? Where how?! Beautiful jersey btw.
That looks clean as hell
"I don't want to come off as a hater, but why do the name and number seem so off center from one another?"
FRESH!
Looks fake
""
Why isn’t he playing? He still has one good leg! 😀
Can’t be mad at hoping it wasn’t blown tho
Anyone have any deer antler spray?
Get him out there on wheels!
I'm more interested why we haven't made the roster moves with him yet.. it definitely points to promoting from practice squad and not FA..
Gentlemen.. we can rebuild him. We have the technology. We have the capability to make the world's first bionic man. Tavon Young will be that man. Better than he was before. Better... stronger... faster.
"His size paired with his style of play what is holding him back. Think Bob Sanders, while not as ferocious of a hitter, he is a very pesky and physical defender despite being undersized. If he were 6’ 205, he would be our #1 corner by a long shot. Do you see how he was draped all over Njoku when he gave up that catch week 1 ?? That’s a sub 5’9 guy on a TE!!!!"
is this guy really out for the season again? what a joke.
""
Imagine losing a gif war this badly. Then you might understand Kansas City’s pain...
Popped in from the chiefs sub to say that this is gold. Congrats.
[deleted]
I’m smoking a 14# brisket so I can offer it to my neighbors in a socially distance appropriate manner.
Safely guarding Lamar's twig and berries
Uhhhhh getting drunk and watching my lord and savior Lamar
Will watch the game w/ the boys (NFL fans) in a hopefully controlled back-yard/terrace game party. We brew a NEIPA specially for this game. Truzz🤞
I'm getting the largest order of Pulled Pork Nachos with extra jalapeños and sour cream and I picked up a bottle of a lambic beer to break in my new tecmo bowl style glass
I’ll be 5 blocks from the stadium at my families house party. Hopefully get to see some fireworks!
Just sit back with a beer and good eats and see the Ravens slaughter the Chiefs. A good way to end Monday night I would think right?
"I'm working at my office until around 8, so I'll be watching the Monday night countdown and the first quarter or so while seeing the last few patients. Gonna be SICK. SO EXCITED."
"Call the boys over, order wings, set up the home theatre, and SHOWTIME"
Having my buddies over for dinner and the game.
working...the game will be on in the background
[removed]
Please keep this up so we can destroy you. Please....
If you don't get your trash ass football team having ass outta here. Sit down and rethink your life decisions
Hot take🔥🔥
Nice B8 M8
I respect it
Hey man. Gay isn't a bad thing. It's pride. Don't be a bigot giants fan.
Fuck
"Also a Giants fan, we suck and you’re smoking crack if you think we got a shot of winning"
>because there big gay
Big if true
Wait what’s happening
*their
[deleted]
""
This is by far my favorite one so far.
Nice gif. What is this from?
hahahahahahahaha love it
Dora?
Yes. This is it.
It’s in Japanese so you could have the sound on
"Context: chiefs guy can basically open people up as if they were books and write anything he wants on them and it becomes true. He writes Lamar guy can’t hit him, but when he insults his hair (he loves his hair) lamars anger transcends chief guys abilities and proceeds to pummel him.

It’s from the JoJos bizarre adventure anime, one of the longest running and most influential manga in Japan. Fantastic show for anyone into that stuff."
Amazing.
""
"Woman yelling at a cat meme

BREAKAN EROFKLES"
You called?
B.O.A.
"I would hate if the Ravens had to bury a man who was a staple of our defense for so many years. After all, his legacy of Ball So Hard University is forever embedded in this subreddit."
"Is he no longer on the team?
Was his contract just a one year?"
Didbhevretire
If he was going to be buried anywhere you know he'd want it done at the Bank
""
Which means he wants to win by thirty points.
"When Louis Riddick asked Lamar if he watched Mahomes and wonder if he can take anything from his game and Lamar just answered back “Nah.” 

Lol, I find it so funny and rejuvenating how Lamar is so straight up. Most QBs will just give you a cookie cutter response to those sort of questions."
Hopefully he kicks ass like any other game. Llama God!
4:27 What a baller response.
Lamar's 'Say my name' moment came with the 'Nah! I don't' as a direct slap on that punk interviewer/original Lamar hater's face!
Why is Lamar letting this PoS interview him? This is the same punk that was nodding his head in obedience when Polian proclaimed Lamar should move to WR? Why give this punk the interview? I don't get it....
"Good. It’s a non-division game in week 3, isn’t that important in the grand scheme. We lost in weeks 3 and 4 last year and how much relevance did that end up having?"
""
"I have no clue how these numbers are generated but DK against the Pats looked really good. And while Hollywood hasn't been bad by any means, just hasn't had much opportunity to flash so far."
Hmm. I was already feeling like he needed more targets. Now I definitely feel like he needs more targets.
"This WR class has some potential to be one of the GOAT's (As a collective). 

Hollywood, Diontae, Terry, DK, AJ, Deebo, Mecole, Renfrow, and Slayton all have looked good

And this doesn't count Harry, P. Williams, or D. Harris"
hEs tOO smALl!
Hollywood needs more targets. At least 7-9 per game IMO
I honestly thought Metcalf would be higher
I thought DK Metcalf was gonna suck. Guess it really is just a matter of scheming to a players strength.
Fo sho. Is that still a thing?
[deleted]
"When Mike Tyson is in awe of you, just know you're a really big deal Lamar Jackson!

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Je7lzXTydNw&t=25s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Je7lzXTydNw&t=25s)"
"I can't believe how well Shatner seems to be holding up, guy will be 90 next year."
"**\*\*Long Post Warning**\*\*

With our upcoming game against the defending Super Bowl champions, I was reminded of a conversation I had with a coworker back in 2010 about the Ravens.  He wasn't a fan, and he was constantly talking trash to me about that year's team, and how they weren't as good as their record, etc.  We played the Saints late that season, who were coming off their Super Bowl win the year previous.  They were 10-3 coming into the game against us in Baltimore, and meanwhile the Ravens were a strong contender at 9-4.  The Ravens won the game (it was an excellent game, I recommend trying to find it or watching the highlights [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQBtvIFO-2w), seriously the Lance Moore catch is one of the craziest I've ever seen).  I remember throwing it in my coworker's face--here was proof that we were a legit team, knocking off the defending champs.  Was it empirical or definitive? No, but it felt good either way.

So I decided to look at the history of how the Ravens fared when they have faced the defending Super Bowl champions, and then I did it for the rest of the league as well, to see how the Ravens were in comparison.  Had they played more/less games against champs, and how did their record compare?

[Ravens History Vs. Defending Champs](https://imgur.com/dNwhhgK)

To start, the Ravens have played 10 games in their 24 seasons against the defending NFL champions.  In those games, we are 6-4 in those 10 games, with an average final score of 23.1 - 20.3 Baltimore, though the variance is quite high (with a few blowouts both ways).

In addition, to try to account for the Super Bowl hangover, I looked at the record of the teams coming into their game with the Ravens.  Some teams fell off after their championship win ('06/'09 Steelers), while others rebounded strongly and contended again ('04 Patriots, '07 Colts, '10 Saints, and last year's Patriots).  All in all, the average winning percentage of the defending champs going into their game with us was .696, or about the equivalent of an 11-5 team.  The variance was much lower in this number, as the vast majority of teams were at least decent-to-pretty good.

Then, I decided to do the same for all teams during two timespans: from 1996-present (since the Ravens have existed) and 2002-present (since realignment AKA the entire existence of the Texans).  For the Ravens, this did not matter, since their first game against a SB Champ came in 2004, but it did have a bigger effect on other teams.

[Team Records Vs. Defending Champs \(1996, 2002-Present\)](https://imgur.com/a/h5LU8ax)

As seen above, no matter which time period you look at, the Ravens are the 3rd best team in the NFL in playing against defending champs, in each case behind New England and Kansas City (whose pre-2002 numbers are helped by a sweep of the woeful post-Elway '99 Broncos, who ended up 6-10).  As you can see, most teams did play a high level of competition though, with only the Saints facing a losing-record defending champion on average.  Most hovered around the 11-5, 12-4 range, exactly on par with Baltimore's opponents.

We also see a level of dominance by the AFC, with the best six records against champs coming from our conference.  This is partly due to an edge to AFC Super Bowl champions in this time period (15-10), and therefore more opportunity to pick up wins for teams in their conference.  And while the usual suspects like the Lions, Jets, Redskins, and Cardinals are near the bottom, there are also some interestingly good teams there, speaking to their relatively recent rise/return to prominence (like the 49ers and Texans).

So what does all this mean for Monday night? Absolutely nothing, these stats are of course completely meaningless, just like the Lamar's history in primetime games or Mahomes' record against us.  However, they were fun to put together and hopefully are of interest to someone.  And, to go back to that 2010 Saints game for just a moment: That was a game in Baltimore against a high-flying passing offense, led by a quarterback who had just won Super Bowl MVP, meanwhile the Ravens ground game was led by smaller, powerful running back who wore #27 and caught balls out of the backfield, and our defensive lineman wearing #93 was swatting down and intercepting balls at the line of scrimmage.  Coincidence? Well, yes, obviously.  But also, maybe not...



TL;DR: Ravens record re: returning ring-receivers? Resplendent, ranked right in rear of recent rivals.

[Ravens History Vs. Defending Champs](https://imgur.com/dNwhhgK)

[Team Records Vs. Defending Champs \(1996, 2002-Present\)](https://imgur.com/a/h5LU8ax)"
Good read! Just wanted to show you some love for writing this up haha. Go ravens 😎
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"
🚨 BUR-LESSON TIME 🚨

Why is Lamar Jackson even more dangerous this year than he was during his 2019 MVP campaign?

Show us the film, @nateburleson.

@Lj_era8 | @Ravens | \#RavensFlock 

***

posted by [@gmfb](https://twitter.com/gmfb)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1309111546581340160/vid/480x270/UQjynhx6Ny4ftXbX.mp4?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Nate Burleson is the Truth. He calls it as he sees it. This was a great analysis of Lamar's spectacular anticipation on his throws. Leading his receivers to an area where he is going to throw the ball and not vice versa. That is the hallmark of the really great pocket passing QBs. This reminds me of the time when MJ added the fadeaway jumper to his repertoire and became unstoppable.
"I loved every second of the gif war. Both sides were unbelievably entertaining (we won, clearly). And I hope it never stops"
""
Week 2 game preview? You're a little late on this one.
"Buddy,"
"I'm honestly nervous af about Averret. If he keeps getting smoked, we will definitely lose for sure."
Such freezing cold takes as: if Lamar loses Monday (at age 23) there’s “no practical way” he will ever even his career record against Mahomes.  Or focusing on how the Chiefs haven’t given up many QB rushing yards in 2 games but ignoring completely that they have been gashed in total rushing yards.  Smh. Do better.
[deleted]
""
The Jaleel sign got me lol
This is my favorite one yet! Nice work
"Chiefs fans, bunch of jabronis"
I was enjoying this from the beginning. But that Lamar sign put me into fits
Is it Monday yet. God damn the build up
Paul rudd clapping for us is another nice touch lmao
History books will speak if the great gif war of 2020
yall just got Buck'd
"4 and a half minutes long




Ooh boy I hope my veins don't explode"
"lol 🤣🤣🤣 The signs man, the signs😂"
JALEEL
"This years winner in the GIF war, IMO"
"The Buck sign though, brilliant."
Can you SMEEELLLLLLL what Lamar is cookin?
"IT DOESN’T MATTER, what the Chiefs think!"
"You guys are tearing me up.  Too funny.

We gots the talent!"
JALEEL
There have been some real masterpieces on both sides. Oh guys def have creativity and craftsmanship for days. BUT THIS ONE-this one-got me laughing. I’m lmao and pumped for tomorrow all at the same time. This is my all time fave.
imagine drafting edwards-helaire over dobbins
"Jokes aside, I hate what the WWE did to Booker T lol"
""
Man I woke up today sad as hell.
Rooting hard for you guys tomorrow night!
You could always just wake up now and stay awake through the entirety of Sunday and Monday.
Got JJ Watts new shoes on cheering the Texans on today
Ugh - wife even dressed our 6-month daughter in one of her new Ravens onesies... only to have me remind her we play tomorrow night. At least there’s a second one for her to wear... to bed.
"I might have had too much alcohol, but does four Monday or Thursday games feel like a lot to anyone else?"
"The NFL realized the Ravens deserved to have their own day of football and didn’t wanna put them on the same day as the shit Browns, tie Bengals, and overrated bath towels."
[deleted]
""
"*To the town of Kansas City rode a Raven one fine day*

**Hardly spoke to fans around him, didn't have too much to say**

*No one dared to ask statistics, no one dared insult his drip*

**The Raven there among them had Lamarvelous on his hip**



**EDIT-** can anyone spot the QB sneak?"
Where are those Titans at?
"🎶Surly Mahomes, surly Mahomes🎵"
my only complaint is the browns who we faced first didn't take the first bullet
"While I may have hatred, loathing, and contempt for the Ravens, I have the opposite for this gif.


...also I don't have those for the Ravens. Respect and a tiny amount of fear."
"This was fantastic to watch, thank you :D"
lol the score in the blood got me. And the logo in the smoke. Nice work
"I love it, but the Ravens dude gets killed at the end of this short film."
""
If I could upvote Wet hot American Summer 2x I would.
This makes me happy and sad at the same time...
""
"This is a great idea, thank you"
[deleted]
Thanks
Fox45 Wash @ Cleveland 1:00 / CBS Texans @ Pittsburgh 1:00 / Fox Dallas @ Seattle 4:30
""
People seriously think Butker is the best lol
"The thing about kickers is, you can't really ""Dethrone"" the best. They have to dethrone themselves by missing. Tucker is the best. Period. Butker is Top 5, but won't be the best until Tucker retires or starts missing."
**STILL FUCKIN' GOT IT!**
Haha love it. Truth is these are the two best kickers in the league but Tucker is far and away the best.
""
FUCK THE  SQUEALERS
Wouldn't it be great if Pittsburgh and Cleveland both lost today.  Yaaaaaa
"Rooting for Texans so Steelers get no where close to the division. 

Low key rooting for Cleveland so Baker can stay there for a few more 8-8-at-best seasons."
LETS GO TEXANS
Goddamn it Houston
They fucking blew it
"It feels good to have gotten the win against Houston out of the way, because I really like them, it’s fun to root for them. Oh, and FUCK THE STEELERS!"
Let’s goooo Texans!!!!
The early games went about as bad for us as possible
"Since I’m not watching football until tomorrow night, today, I can be a Texans fan. Ram those longhorns up their asses."
FUCK EM
God damn Houston just fell apart in the second half.
clap clap clapclapclap
"* Fuck the browns
* Fuck the Steelers
* Fuck the Bengals"
Go Hurst!
"Tired of watching all these sad franchises piss away leads against our division rivals. Texans, Eagles, Redskins or whatever the fuck they're calling themselves now..."
LMAO. Washington and Houston just straight up shit the bed when they had a chance to put away the AFC North teams. Nobody is going to save us. We gotta do it by ourselves.....Again.
"And the Rams choke one away too, can't even get the satisfaction of a Bills loss today

And the Titans are about to complete their comeback too, today was just full of annoying games"
"I realize this isnt football related but im gonna say it anyway. 

Please Vote in the upcoming election. 

Not just for the presidency but for the local and state elections too. 

The local people probably affect our life more than the president."
"Let’s go WFT, Texans, and Vikings!!!"
Football Team producing
"It's pretty funny though that TJ Watts hit on the Watson interception was basically the same as Earl Thomas' hit on Rudolph last year, which Steeler fans thought was the dirtiest hit of all time but none see anything wrong with it this time around."
"Holy shit the Eagles are about to tie the Bengals again...

I wonder if Carson knew that could happen."
"Is Villenueavo actually good or is he just a ""great story"" player cause of the military background?"
"Texans up 14-3 on the Steelers. So much for that ""Scary"" defense"
Imagine not having a GOAT kicker. Have these other kickers tried not missing?
Steelers have given up more in the 1st half that the Ravens did last week against the Texans.
Wow of course in a important ass week The browns and Steelers get fucking gimmies and we get the the Super Bowl Champs. Tomorrow is a must win game there’s no excuses if we lose a 3rd time to the chiefs in 3 years. I really hope we blow them out
Haskins is.. not very good
It's so frustrating watching NFC East teams suck against our division rivals lol
"never ever get help, man"
"Steelers have only won in one score games against teams that are combined 0-8, and likely to be 0-9 after today. They've barely snuck out wins against trash teams. But I'm sure if we lose tomorrow nfl.com will have Pitt ranked #2 behind the Chiefs.

Browns are over .500 for the first time in 6 years by barely beating the 0-2-1 Bengals and only winning by 2 scores after being +5 in turnovers against the WFT.

Bengals are 0-2-1 losing to Tyrod Taylor and a missed field goal, losing to the Browns while Burrow was pummeled or running for his life the entire game, and just tied against the 0-2-1 Eagles.

Raiders decided they are who we thought they are and won't end up really competing for the division against KC. Chiefs gonna cakewalk through their division and will probably lock up their playoff spot by week 10.

Fuck our purple bros for choking away the Titans game.

I'm not upset about the Bills winning because it keeps the Pats in second place in that trash ass division.

I really hope we beat the Chiefs because this year seems like the year that every team is gonna shit the bed to the Steelers this year."
"Texans exposing this sorry ass 2-0 Steelers team, they barely beat the GIANTS and the Jeff driskal broncos. Look what happens when they play a real team. Fuck the rapist."
"In jedem Spiel (ob Ball, ob Kegel),

ist einer der die Steelers vögelt.

Und ist das Spiel auch noch so klein,

die Steelers soll'n gevögelt sein."
Texans up two possessions early in the second!
Lol Clowney...
[deleted]
Texans have scored more in 1 half against Pittsburgh than they did in each of their previous games.
Texans may have killed themselves with that pick
Refs handed the Bills a dub. Smh
I'm so sick of teams in this division tying lmao
"Atlanta choked... **again.**

The Shitstains and Shitsburgh both won their games :/

Bills came back...

Not liking the outcomes of these games as it pertains to us"
"Bears +4.5

Pats -6.0

Steelers -5.5

Packers +2.5

Go Packers go and I'm $200 richer"
Kinda mad that if we lose this tough game we'll be the only afc north team to lose this week
Watson with the TD!
Now that the Ravens are an officially Hyped Team(tm) these Bills are filling in the underrated Buzzsaw niche pretty nicely
This is my first time really watching Haskins.... yikes.
C'mon Texans! Do it for the guys that beat your ass last weekend!
""
This would be better if last year was their first super bowl win
I made this on my phone so forgive the shittiness
"When you have to explain it so many times, you’ve got a problem"
""
I'm just flipping back and forth between the two.  Both have been kinda underwhelming.  Except Washington's scoring drive.
Red zone is a powerful thing
Those No Namers are keeping to close with Cleveland. I figured Hou vs Shit would be close. But I thought this would be 1 of those big games from Cleveland.
I'm really disappointed in Haskins. Washington could be winning if he was a starting caliber NFL QB.
Browns and Bengals winning against teams we have yet to play — can’t wait to see what we do the WFT/Eagles.
"I started Nich Chubb and WFT defense in Fantasy. I should've realized that if one of them does good, the other does shit but I'm too much of an idiot"
""
Looks identical to ours when they opposition makes their first play of the day.
Game threads in general are toxic af we had some in ours lasts game acting like this when we didn’t score on every possession
"Yeah this is literally exactly what our thread looks like the second anything goes even remotely wrong. 

We have been absolutely spoiled with how rarely things go wrong for us in games so people get even bitchier when things go bad."
of fucking course the week we have to play the Super Bowl champs with Patrick Mahomes looking like he’s never going to look human our whole division gets a W 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️ no one ever does us any favors
"To be fair, their secondary is spectacularly average."
"I mean that's how every game thread ever is. Their defense is elite, but no, they don't play like the best D in the league on every down. That's impossible."
Lmfao
""
That interviewer was so thrown off lmao
lamar has the perfect balance between cold blooded and humble. and i can't get over that he's ours.
Nah
Lamar is the man!
I really like this kid lmao too cold. That whole interview was kinda awkward.
Lamar too real
Riddick knew it was hilarious as soon as Lamar said it lol.
Bruh his face as he says nah 💀💀💀
That’s my QB/RB/WR/Roman General
"
I can’t stop watching this Lamar clip. 

***

posted by [@jonas_shaffer](https://twitter.com/jonas_shaffer)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1310249949083430917/pu/vid/1280x720/bZogS49L_2IveBEB.mp4?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Don't forget Louis Riddick was next to Polian when he declared Lamar had to move to WR. In fact Riddick was nodding brisk approval at the proposition. After that 'NAH' the sheepish laugh was so fun to watch. Lamar made this line of questioning so stupid on national TV.
"""My game is my game"" - Lamarlow Stanfield"
This is great. Does anyone have a GIF of this?
Nah
"Depending on how the broncos play today, the teams the Steelers beat could either be 0-9 combined or 1-8 combined all 3 being rather close games😂"
A win is a win. Don’t matter if you play the worst teams or the best This is the NFL you try to win as much as possible because this isn’t like the NBA where u can load manage for 5 months and still win a championship because the better teams always win. Tomorrow is probably the most important game of the season for us must win no excuses we’re at full strength. It’s time for Lamar and our team to shut up the narratives that we still can’t get it done in important games. Idk if this is a legacy game for Lamar but it’s no doubt going to be very important for seeding later on.
Still 3 and 0 and the Ravens have a tough game tomorrow.
cope
as a steelers fan i just wanna appreciate the mostly respectful thread. also kudos to those of you that think we are a threat. this year is gonna be fun with such a close division.
Lol we live in you head rent free ratbirds 🤣
[deleted]
"Daniel Jones? 

You must mean josh allen lol... & yes, allen has had an MVP caliber start to the season... rodgers  & wilson as well. 

It's wk 3, though. MVP's are decided in NOV/DEC"
It's week 3. This happens every year. They throw in names that aren't anywhere near mvp level of play
I mean 3 of the 4 names are actually legit mvp candidates...
there are a lot of players playing at MVP caliber in 3 weeks. It gets cut down as players can’t keep up this level of play
Welcome to the NFL. Happens every year. But Wilson is playing incredibly well.
MVP shouldn't really even be a discussion 3 weeks into the season.
You forgot the Actual MVP right now. JOSH ALLEN
Thoughts?
I come in piece as a Chiefs fan you guys are the only team that we are really worried about this year. I’m extremely nervous for Monday. Good luck.
We are the favorites.
"Regardless of what odds you read, I have a feeling this will come down to who has the ball at the right time at the end of the game. Game winning FG will settle this. I’d like to favour us slightly due to having an edge with our defence. 

I hope this doesn’t happen! But it’s my prediction."
"I wouldn't say *very * likely, but I think of any other team in the NFL I like our odds best."
50/50 chance
"The odds aren’t great, but they’re in our favor!"
55/45 ravens
We’re probably the only team in the League that has much of a chance.
"I'd say that this is our best shot since the Lamar-Mahomes era started. I didn't pick us last year or the year before, but I'm taking us in this one - with a convincing victory."
"I think the Ravens have the best shot. Our linebackers can’t tackle for 💩. If the ravens run outside, they will control the game and wear out the good defenders we have. Will be close early, ravens will have the opportunity to pull away at the end. Lamar could choke (unlikely), Mahomes could destroy you (more likely) overall should be fun but I expect to be sad tomorrow. Go Chiefs!"
I'm going 45% chance. I'd give them the slight edge
"I think it’s a lock... we’re better, we’re home, we need it more... of course any given Sunday.... but we are better in almost every area. Ravens by 14"
Just watch the game
So how likely is it that the Sun will be up on Tuesday?
100%
"I think chiefs, for sure, looked past the chargers and was thinking about the MnF game. Everyone’s going to bring their A game for this one. It’ll be close."
""
lol
"This one is not the most complex, but I also love it bc Jurassic Park & JK Dobbins"
I could actually unironically see this game being JK's first big showing
Nice one bab
"This is without a doubt, the BEST thing I’ve seen on reddit in forever! 😂 love it dude. I wish I could upvote this 1,000 times"
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/f3wxebqllrp51.gif?format=mp4&s=d1d7eca8baa5484f5ad92bd7e1397ee622282462)

---
This mp4 version is 94.56% smaller than the gif (2.93 MB vs 53.83 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
[deleted]
"Man... I'm disappointed in you.

How in the actual FUCK are you gonna post this and not throw us a link?"
Hey man whatever floats your boat.
Ain't nothing wrong with resting your head in style
I have two. A large one and a small one.
All I see is a grown man with a love for his Ravens. Nothing wrong with that!
I gave the same one!
I have two. A large and small one.
Poe
Got the same one
I got one too! Except mine has nightlights soo who’s really the man here
i’m a grown man and i’m jealous
"http://imgur.com/gallery/gUtvgnH
Hell ye!"
Hell yeah! Represent! Even in dreamland.
I have one! Pillow poe gang
I have this too.  It’s a perfect knee pillow.
""
This one is Savage. Props to ApexMountain
[deleted]
"Hey ravensflock, I’m in Baltimore for the game for the first time, where’s the best places for me to watch the game Monday night?"
"Rent a crane park it outside the bank and raise the roof

https://twitter.com/Sinsolo/status/1285368902462169088/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1285368902462169088%7Ctwgr%5Eshare_3&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.barstoolsports.com%2Fblog%2F2684480%2Fa-bunch-of-polish-soccer-fans-rented-cranes-and-brought-them-outside-of-the-stadium-to-watch-their-team"
"In your home/hotel, preventing you and others from getting sick."
You couldn't find another time to travel here with all the shit going on?? 🤨
Jimmys seafood
Where ever you’re staying. Especially considering you’re traveling. Shit like this is why the US is still a shit show compared to any other decent country.
I got a table at mothers on the patio - my friends and I are ready to rock and roll
Benders in Fells if they’re open. My favorite dive. They don’t have food but will let you order from anywhere and their drinks are dirt cheap
""
"34-31 Chiefs

1. Lamar 4 total TDs and plays phenomenal

2. Run defense is middling but sufficient

3. Pass rush is lacking and Mahomes leads a 10 point comeback in the 4th

Sincerely hope I'm wrong but that's my unbiased prediction for the game."
"40-34 ravens

- Dobbins is unleashed. Has over 100 rushing yards
- LJ throws his first pick, but it goes along with 3 TDs
- Deshon Elliott makes some big plays on the back end."
"Ravens 31-24 

-Ravens stop the Chiefs running game early and make their offense one dimensional after getting two quick touchdowns. 

-Averett plays well, Jimmy Smith is able to limit Kelce along with help from Queen 

-Judon comes up with a strip sack on a Mahomes scramble drill late in the 4th for his second sack of the game."
"Chiefs win in a fairly high scoring game, heartbreaking, refs fuck us."
"48-38 ravens sealed by a peters pick 6.

1. CEH leads in yards from scrimmage with 200, but tyreek hill is kept in check all game.

2. Lamar reaches 400 total yards and 4 tds

3. Wolfe and campbell combine for 3 sacks"
"Ravens - 31
Chiefs - 27

Judon goes crazy. Multiple sacks and a ton of pressure on Mahomes. He's been close a lot this year I think he breaks through.

Duvernay has his best game yet. 75+ yards and a TD.

Marlon gets his hands on the football one way or another whether it's a pick or a scoop. Or forces a fumble."
"Ravens 34-27

Mahomes rushes for more yards than Jackson (bold I know)

2 picks against mahomes

Fumble by either Jackson or Ingram"
"27-23 Ravens win. 

1) Both teams defenses step up and make this a lower scoring game than is being predicted. There will be flashy plays, but not crazy scoring. 

2) Lamar will throw 3 TD passes, all to different WRs.  

3) CEH runs all over our defense, and Mahomes will make plays with his legs as well. The secondary will clamp down however and limit the passing totals. I say the chiefs will run for over 100 yards, but throw for less than 250."
""
""
One of my favorite movies. RIP John. Wish you were still with us.
Yesssss!
Lmao that’s a great use of a hilarious scene!
"This is awesome! I was lmao

Hope our game is as good as this packers-saints game. Much respect.

GO CHIEFS!"
👏🏼👏🏼
God bless whoever made this.
"This made me more happy at 4am then it should have... Props to you! <3 

&#x200B;

LET'S FUCKING GET IT!"
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/ry86tjumqsp51.gif?format=mp4&s=23199df34178772895772be00512635d6bdf85e7)

---
This mp4 version is 95.56% smaller than the gif (3.12 MB vs 70.37 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
Legendary
Noice. Even better than slice and dice.
"Nice try , maybe we will see you in January !"
[deleted]
I'm sorry Raven bro.
"What a hand to be dealt. How old are you? I wish it wasn't so, but life if a cruel and unforgiving lady. Have some fun, love hard, make some memories with the ones you care about. Record a few messages or jokes or just a hello. You will be missed my g."
[deleted]
If that apparently at an advanced progression. What the fuck fuck 2020. Its not covid its fatal familal insomnia. Basically I can't ever sleep. Doctors confirmed the genetically test. This sucks.
Fuck bruh this hurt
Ironically thats why  I'm posting at 5am at the hospital.
"I'm speechless. I straight up didn't even know this kind of sickness existed... I'm so so sorry to hear this, even if you've accepted it and all. Nothing but the best for you and your close ones. Let the grass, or actually turf, as we should say here, be greener on the other side."
"Oh my god man, this is terrible fucking news. What can we do?? Do you need anything?"
Damn dude! I hope you can keep your chin up and enjoy the time you have left. Watch as much football as ya can!
"You have been and still are an awesome member of this community. Over the past decade of being on reddit (7 yrs with this username), I have thoroughly enjoyed your contributions to this sub. 

I wish I could find solutions to the challenges you are going to face, but I can only hope that you are in the best of hands with your doctors. For whatever time we continue to share,  I am looking forward to more of your opinions and thoughts. Good luck Friend."
"When they do eventually win, We will be thinking of you."
"Dude I’ve been here on this sub with you for a while now and you’ve always been a good dude. You’ve left an impression on not just me but a lot of people here, and I’m sure that extends to a ton of other people in your life. 

I couldn’t possibly tell you how to deal with this, or give you any advice. However, I say go do whatever gives you the most happiness right now. That’s all that matters. Make sure everyone you love knows how much you love them. There is no earthly consequence to affect you anymore. 

I’m glad you let everyone here know. I’m glad we mean something to you, because you mean a lot to r/Ravens. If there’s anything I can do, whether that be lending an ear or absolutely anything else, please feel free to message me."
"We'll miss the fuck out of you homie

You've always been cool as fuck pal.

Stay solid dawg, you're the man.

Hope we get some fucking amazing wins for ya."
"I'm not sure what you may believe in, but iv sent prayers to God for healing, but if not healing, I prayed you get some kind of comfort in your last days. Love sent to you from me and my family."
"Jesus man... Chiefs fan here and first wanted to say I'm sorry... hitting midlife myself and have been unusually paranoid about things like this (or cancer), I figure it all part of the mortality game, but god damn I didn't even know fatal insomnia was a thing.

There are a lot of sports fans who are of the opinion that if ""you're not first your last,"" and having watched Andy Reid and Alex Smith play VERY good football but not win it all for several years in a row created a huge divide in the fanbase over here... I was happy to be above .500 and have a legitimate shot at a super bowl with a little luck every year (edit: ok, maybe just to playin the AFC champ. game lol). Other fans were ready to run the entire administration out of town... which just blows my mind. Some fans have lived and died without every seeing their team win it all! and selfish people are happy with that as along as their team doesn't come in 2nd place. Maybe I'm a sap, but one of my first thoughts after we did win was ""damn, I wish more people got to experience this... football doesn't want or need another dynasty team.""

I'm truly sorry you don't get to see Lamar get his ring, I'm pretty sure he will eventually! However,  I'm also VERY happy for you that you got to see some championship teams in your lifetime.

In hindsight: This wasn't meant to be a ""just be happy you got to see them win"" post, far from it, and I hope you don't take it that way... just thinking about the extreme joy that we can get from such silly things like sports and wishing everyone could be onboard with the love like the Ravens reddit fans have been this year and last, and probably before... you folks have been great."
"I'm so sorry man. I've seen you comment so much on here and I know how much you love this team. You deserve so much better.

God bless you fr."
"Coming from a Steelers fan, I'm sorry to hear this bro. I don't know what all I can say, but I hope you find some form of peace in however long you have left. I'm sorry you have to go through this."
I’m so sorry to hear this man. I’ll cheer extra loud for the Ravens in your honor.
Fly high raven bro Ill meet you at ball so hard uni soon stay strong friend.
Bless your soul my friend. I hope you and Mo watch the Ravens win it all in heaven. You and your loved ones will be in my thoughts. God bless you man.
Unbelievable to see this news here just like this.  I'm very sorry man.  I hope you have some good days left.
Love you brother
This is terrible man. I recognize your username and I've seen and appreciate your posts and discussions in this sub. We'll have lost one of the good ones.
You will be missed my G. I mean that sincerely. I’ll donate to that foundation in your honor. Lama will get a ring I promise youX
When did you find out?
All love man
You’ll have the best view
Man sorry to hear this. Stay strong and make the best out of next couple months! Ravens unite all of us - I’m from China and please take my sincere wishes from the east. Best of luck!
"fuck dude, maybe on the other side you can be a Raven or go haunt the steelers"
I'm speechless. I don't know what to say. Just know that all of us are thinking about you and hope you find peace.
"Shit man, I don't know what to say. I don't know you personally but I've seen you around here for a long time. If there's anything that can be done to help you go out with a bang don't hesitate to reach out. Try to keep your chin up brother."
Godspeed brother
We need to get the Ravens organization to see this somehow
I’m so sorry man. I don’t know your story but I hope that you can find peace and enjoy whatever time you have.
Hey man do you have people in your life to make these last few weeks/months great? Go do things you never thought you’d do like sky diving or something.
"This is horrible man. I’m extremely sorry. If there’s anything we can do, please let me know. Shoot me a message even. 

My deepest condolences."
Damn man. Hope they get you some great game wins to go out on. Flock is here with you!
This is terrible. So sorry to hear this. You've always been a lively contributor to this sub. After reading skme of your comments it seems you are mostly at peace with this. I hope you are able to comfortably enjoy the time you have. Rest easy
Have fun on the other side. Sorry your time in this one is ending earlier than you thought. Go Ravens
"Godspeed dude, flock forever"
So sorry to hear buddy. Enjoy what’s left the best you can.
My dude :(
"I am so sorry to hear about that. Hopefully you’ll get to see some fun ones before you go. Idk what you believe in, and I don’t want to disrespect whatever that is, but I believe that you’ll get to watch us win the Super Bowl right next to Mo. 🖤"
"Sorry I was giving you shit the other day here. Best wishes, dawg. I really hope something changes for the better for you soon. I'll keep you in my thoughts."
"Life is a vapor my friends. 
Love well.

OP is there anything we as a community or even I as an individual can do to journey with you through this?"
You will bro belee
We need to sticky where to donate for this rare disease
"You're one strong dude. I hope you get to see more of this team and this season than you think you will. I really, truly do.

Play like a Raven everyday from here on out, bro."
"Very heavy heart for you, bird bro. Wishing you the absolute best for your time left and you can trust that if lamar doesn’t get one for you to witness this January, Ill pour some out and celebrate your memory when he finally does"
Does anyone have OPs contact info? I got in touch with the team and want to pass it on. I’m a little worried because I haven’t heard back. Thanks.
You still there Ravens bro?
"Idk If you'll ever be on here again, but I just wanted to to know that people here were thinking about you.

Gos bless man."
Fuck... sorry to hear this bro.
"Fuck that. I am so sorry dude, life just aint fair. Surround yourself with loved ones"
I’m praying for you. 😞🙏
This sucks and I’m so sorry. Don’t know what else to say. It’s just not fair at all.
Best of luck to you. I hope you enjoy your life to its fullest. I'm pulling for you
I don’t understand how hard this must be. Can you tell me some of the symptoms if you don’t mind? It’s so crazy to think there’s someone who literally can’t sleep
drink a vial of lsd
"Yup, we looked like shit on Monday. We played bad and our weekneses were exposed.

But it's time to move on. Id rather we lose in week 3 to the best team then in week 20. Let's lick our wounds, learn from our mistakes and go kick some washington ass. 

The loss sucked but we will be better for it when we meet again in the playoffs. It's good to be the underdogs anyways. 

On to Washington."
"Right.. I think people are dwelling over this too much or had way too high expectations. We lost, it’s part of football. The Chiefs are truly an elite team and it came down to a couple very key plays that decided the outcome. We didn’t play the greatest game but it was still winnable. 

Learn from our mistakes and move on. Don’t dwell on the past. 

“We’re on to Cincinnati”"
"Yup, the chiefs kicked the shit out of us and we looked like total ass on Monday. 

Gotta lick the wounds real quick and move on. Let’s stomp those guys in the playoffs and focus on the task at hand - fucking up the WFT."
""
I laughed
"Stop, stop, he's already dead"
"The Steelers haven't won anything in 10 years and even then it was a AFC Championship. Stop embarrassing yourself, Ravens-Steelers is barely a rivalry - look how boring the Week 17 game was last year. We had our third stringers in and still beat your team down - your team was so bad it didn't prepare us enough to take on the Titans two weeks after. 

The Steelers look like a formidable opponent this year but please stop lol."
Take your upvote and get the hell out of here <3 lol
[deleted]
"Great, now pass to him."
"This guy needs to be starting, good things happen when the ball is in his hands!"
"Thanks Devin, very cool"
big dev go zoom zoom
"If Duv, Gus, and Tucker hadn't contributed their blips of happiness, I would have probably punched a hole in the wall Monday night. Still feeling sour this morning."
Dev Duv is gonna fuck shit up when he gets snaps on offense man
Is that a 21 or 27? God that’s an awful font
That’s a 3 minute mile sustained 😳
"I want to see Duv on on side, Hollywood on the other. Lamar slings it to whichever one beats their corner. Rinse and repeat."
Him and Proche combined in college had less drops than the Ravens did during the Titans playoff game. Please give them reps on offense
He’s fuckin zoomin
"I'm super pleased by what Duv has done so far. Catches every pass throw to him, decent yac, got fuckin burners.

Proche has looked decent on the punt returns too, besides that one mistake last week with the punt"
Whos in the NFC
"What’s crazy is that as fast as he looked on that return, it makes me realize just how fast Mostert is. Mostert is the fastest ball carrier in the NFL this year, over a full MPH more than Duvernay."
Bro he ran over 20 miles per hour? What in the fuck...
Hook’em!
Duvernay has the potiental to be better than Hollywood for this scheme. My man runs like a running back and not afraid of contact at all.
Trade Boykins for anything at this point.. I get Andrews is struggling a bit but he’s been an absolute steal for us and given more time can stay an elite TE. Boykins has been trash and simply can’t run routes
"Tower, this is Ghost Rider requesting a flyby."
Interesting
That was a screaming fast return.
Maybe he should be on the field more
"Please let him start at wide receiver.

Great hands and electric speed. This is the kind of guy our offense needs."
We gotta get him and Hollywood more involved in the offense. AND NOT SCREENS we suck at those
"Yeah, and y'all still got curb stomped by Mahomes."
[deleted]
"I mean, to be fair, Wink was blitzing with corners when they had 3 WR’s that can outrun any LB in the league."
They tried everything under the sun and nothing worked. Terrible analysis.
"It was clear when we rushed we weren’t found to get to the QB. We sent 4 we sent 5, no luck. We should have dropped more men back and got more physical at the line. I get we needed some padding cause they can beat us hard over the top. But we needed to be physical."
This is a coaching issue. I’m not going to freak out yet until playoffs but something isn’t right with the game planning. No way all our players coincidently have their worse performance in the same game - 3 times in a row. Head coach is to blame for this as offense and defense looked awful.
""
[Gilchrist has played for five teams and started 98 games over the course of nine seasons. Was full-time starter for Raiders in 2018.](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1311294207273959424?s=21)
Veteran stability
"You know the rest

Nice quote from Jeff's recent [article](https://theathletic.com/2103903/2020/09/30/ravens-need-more-from-front-seven-big-game-narrative-and-more-observations/) 

I was among the gloomy fans who think we have no chance of beating the Chiefs if we beat them again, but this is a comforting memory"
"Whilst it’s comforting, we can’t ignore the fact there is a trend to the games we lose. And when we lose, we lose hard, on both sides of he ball."
"So much of the offensive woes are on coaching, it’s not even funny. Stick with the run. It was working all game."
"I get the point he is trying to make, but the team was keeping up with Denver in the first half. Flacco threw the pick six at the end of the first half in the redzone. It's a 10-14 point play. Flacco also chased the defender to the endzone. Although the score didn't show it, we knew we could hold our own against the Broncos if we didn't shoot ourselves in the foot. We won that playoff game cause we didn't shoot ourselves in the foot like we did a few weeks earlier.

The game from Monday night was a whooping. But I do think we are close to catching the Chiefs. We were so close to getting Mahomes so many times. If he holds on the ball .2 seconds longer on some of these attempts then we get sacks/fumbles/interceptions.

The offense also played horrible and we were somehow down a TD in this game. I think we have plenty of time to get better and prepare for KC in the AFC Championship game. Andrews played his worse game of his career. He opens ip everything for us. If he plays well then Hollywood can get deep.

The Chiefs dared the Ravens to beat them by throwing the ball. And honestly, Jackson was okay. The drops were horrible though. If our guys catch the ball then the defense can't put 9 in the box. If they don't put 9 in the box then we'll run it down their throats.

Plus, NO ONE will believe in us, which is EXACTLY where we love to be in the playoffs. This Chiefs loss is a good thing long term."
"Don't even have to look back that far. We got obliterated by the Browns at home in all three phases last year early in the season, then we turned around and beat them 31-15 in Cleveland.


You replay these games 100 times and you get 100 different results."
"Pre-facing by myself being a Pats guy fuck me fuck me BUT I have been following Baltimore since my best friend became my friend (he is all about it and TD Bank is a lot of fun) and have been subbed here for... I think 2 years, basically since I stopped lurking. I said it in the nfl sub but I think there was a lot of glitching and misfire-this team is still great, one game won't ruin that. Adjustments, film, tidying up the gameplan and I think the Ravens come out on top next time. It just looked like they weren't completely in sync-just a letdown game

&#x200B;

EDIT for paragraphs"
"I went to the that game with my Dad, it was the most I ever spent on tickets for great seats as a gift. I’ll never forget, we had virtually no offense the first half until we marched down the field in a 2 minute drill before half. In the red zone, Flacco throws a pick sick and runs all the way down the field chasing and falls on his face virtually in front of us. Luckily, the next game we went to was the opening of the playoffs at home against the Colts 😈"
"This kind stuff happens all the time. Another instance that comes to mind is  2009 when we lost to New England 27-21. As we were driving down the field (hopefully to score the game winning TD) Flacco hit Mark Clayton square in the numbers only to for him to drop it for a turnover on downs. Everyone expected the playoff rematch to be a nail biter, except we dominated instead. 

Anything can happen between now and any playoff rematch (should that happen). And anything can happen in that rematch."
"Maybe we just do better as underdogs, we suck when we know we have the advantage."
"Yes, they also fired that hack of a OC Cam Cameron to give them a spark"
"And then the ravens were forced out of there home stadium for the first game after their superbowl win, as the orioles refused to change scheduling. The ravens were then shut down in Denver by a good number of Peyton manning touchdowns."
"If we beat the Titans this year, or at least lose a close game playing our brand of football, then that would be pretty comforting"
"Not trying to be a debbie downer, but we were so banged up heading to that regular season matchup. Like 4-5 starters in the divisional round game didn't play then. You can't say the same about last Monday night."
"Last home game Ive gone to - still remember that Pitta touchdown :,)"
Yeah I’m hoping the coaching staff and the players have a big chip on their shoulder after this loss.
"No offense to Jeff but that's an absurd and revisionist take. All the typical over-reactionary fans were claiming the sky was falling after that game but those with half a brain saw it was one errant pass from being a tie game at half against the Broncos. I knew Joe and that team could compete with anybody and they did. 

That said it's only week 3. Those who didn't get caught up in the hype knew this team has a few weaknesses and a loss was a pretty reasonable outcome on Monday. I certainly didn't expect it to be as lopsided as it was but much like that Broncos game you could tell there were a few key moments(Andrews and Brown combined missed out on a half dozen big plays by a few inches) that could've really swung the game. 

I'm actually more confident in this team after week 3 than I was prior to the season. We're showing last year wasn't a fluke and it's still a fairly dominant squad. If we face KC again we'll have a solid chance at winning."
"While this is comforting, let’s not forget that we played the Broncos again during the NFL kickoff game where Peyton Manning put up 7 pass TDs on us."
"I was there, Ugh. The Broncos picked 6 ran it back to the endzone right in front of my seats and I watched poor Flacco face down in the turf after trying to chase him down. lulz. We got 'em in the playoffs though!"
this is total speculation. what if the gameplan was to be very vanilla on offense and spastic on defense? to the point where the film is useless if we meet them again in the playoffs?
"Seriously though... I can't remember a QB who undergoes more scrutiny after losing to a tough team. Did he have a horrible game? Absolutely. But it happens to all the greats, and if there is anything to be learned from that loss it's that the coaching/gameplan needs to improve to make a serious run."
"There are a lot of people who planted their flags awfully deep claiming Lamar Jackson would never be a serviceable quarterback. He's given them precious few opportunities to crawl out of their caves, but they never miss a chance to beat their drum.

I don't see it from analysts very often but I see it on /r/NFL all the time."
"The Chiefs went 12-4 last year. The Mahomes-led team was beaten by IND (Week 6, 13-19), HOU (Week 7, 24-31) and TEN (Week 10, right after he came back from that nasty knee injury). 2 of those teams were in the playoffs later.

Yes, teams get the L occasionally, even the best ones. Perfect seasons are rare in the NFL. We had a historical season last year, it's almost impossible to repeat that.

1 year ago we got our ass whopped by the fucking Browns. We'll get over this too."
He is the only quarterback I've seen not allowed to have a bad game.
"Well to be fair, Mahomes is the best quarterback. And it's not even debatable"
"Drives me crazy that Mahomes had a super mediocre game last week where he missed multiple throws and allowed the dismal Chargers a chance to win the game last week.... but we heard nothing about how MAHOMES ISNT THAT GOOD or LAC DEFENSE EXPOSED MAHOMES!!!!

The next week, Lamar has an off game and the ravens still play well enough to compete with (one of, if not THE) best teams in the league.... and hot take artists come out of the woodwork to bash him.

Shits annoying as hell"
Because he lost in an ugly way. Brady faced the same criticism when he lost to the Chiefs in 2014. Sometimes Reid just has the perfect gameplan and runs over people
I blame Mahommes rapid ascension to greatness. That set the standard for Lamar especially after winning MVP last year.
"Not a Ravens fan but a big Lamar fan/believer (as should everyone be). I think it's because there are some people who are biased against his style of QB play (run first, super athletic). It's like in baseball when a knuckleballer who throws a dozen amazing games but when he has a bad day and gets hit hard or starts walking people, some come out of the woodwork and say ""There's that damn knuckleball, of course it doesn't work""."
People like to be right on there draft analysis’.
"Exactly. Lamar is still young. Pundits expect him to be perfect just because he's talented and wins a lot. He has grown a lot in his very short career already, so there's no reason to believe he won't get beyond this.

Let's also not undersell the Chiefs. They are a very well constructed and coached team. Mahomes is otherworldly and he has the extreme good fortune to have an offensive genius for a head coach. The Chiefs are going to replace the Patriots as the thorn in the AFC's side for the next generation."
Because when we lose we don't just lose we get absolutely wrecked.
"I definitely think you’re on to something. I have noticed them slam Russell Wilson for the next couple years after the second super bowl. Maybe I don’t remember correctly, though."
I feel like its partially because of how futile we look when we lose. It's kind of confounding that we look unbeatable 95% of the time then like an 0-16 team 5% of the time
"Outside this sub no one think Lamar is the best in the game. Not last week and not last year.

Mvp, for sure, deserved it, but not the best.

And for your question, idk if half the QBs in the league had such a bad Performance in their career. I know for sure PMII never did."
""
Jokes on them they actually had to buy all that crap. You get to toss it out!
This is so cruel 🤣
Burn it all down.
"The recruited you 😂 the sign says ""if you can't beat them join them"" are they Chiefs fans?"
Is that a fucking poncho on your chair?
Sweet free jersey and poncho
Actually hilarious 😂. Praying to God you can get em back. We got this OP
That's some good resale value
Love that kind of banter
Sweet office tho
How much do you want for it all?
this is funny
"That's rough, buddy."
I hope you get payback in the playoffs! 😉
""
"People acting like we lost a playoff game.  last year after losing to KC, the Ravens went on that absolute tear. Losses humble players and I feel bad for Washington this Sunday, cause I can see the team taking their frustrations out on them"
He’s posting this because he knows everyone is freaking out about a loss.
"It isn’t about how you get knocked down, it is about how you get back up"
"TRUZZ. It's only Week 3, definitely got a lot of time to correct everything. Take this loss on the chin and move on, that's all we can do. One week at a time, we'll see KC again down the road."
"On one hand, we definitely have some issues we need to get ironed out if wanna win the super bowl, on the other hand, it’s the Kansas City fucking chiefs. Losing to them isn’t something to get fussy about. 

We just gotta fix the issues we had this past week and we gonna be Gucci. Simple"
I love this team and I have faith in the players. Less so in some of the coaches but hope I'm wrong.
BELEE
It’s hard having faith that once playoffs come we will magically find the solution to beat them ?...It’s a personal problem and scheme problem...we need more rushers to at least generate some pressure...Calais and Wolfe are good but not nearly the versions they used to be..we need a premier pass rusher to help the secondary they can only cover for so long ...also watch for Deshon Elliots progress because that could be another weakness if it’s not fixed or addressed
"Lamar Jackson is the only football player that has so much universal bias against him, that he is never allowed a poor game. Yet, he'll persevere and become the greatest football player to lace up."
"Can we talk about the expectations on Lamar in just his second season as the full time starter? I can't remember Joe Flacco having these expectations even after winning a super bowl. Flacco was drafted higher you would think expectations would've been higher he didn't have a good playoff game until 2010. I think a lot of the Lamar criticism is over dramatic, Baker is inconsistent and its cool. Sam Darnold is a walking turnover its cool. Josh Rosen is on the Practice Squad NBD. Josh Allen also imploded in the playoffs, its cool. There are 13 games left i think we'll be fine"
"People keep throwing that Lamar is 0-3 against the Chiefs at us not taking into account that the 1st game was Lamar’s what, 5th start? The offense was still a work in progress after switching from Flacco that year. Lamar has also never had a true home field advantage in these games.

Not saying we didn’t get our ass kicked, but the panic and criticism after a week three loss has been crazy. Glad Lamar has the right attitude, we will be fine!"
Lamar Jackson unfortunately will never be as good as Mahomes
[deleted]
"Holy fuck dude, clean out your email."
"I believe this team has okay rushers but we severely lack anyone who gets off the line with urgency. I believe our Edge rushers should try to time snap counts (with no crowd noise) in certain situations against very good teams (kc,Pitt, etc). If it’s 3rd down with 7/8 yards to go on the edge of field goal range for opposing team. At worst we’re in 3rd and 2/3 yards which skews to our strength as interior defenders stopping the run, or man press corners."
Timing the snap based on count is how you jump offsides. Watching the ball is drilled into pass rushers heads since rec league football
Make sure to DM Judon
""
"Yeah I honestly don’t think Roman can make a passing game without an established run. Until he proves us wrong, our pass offense has always been ass when we don’t run the ball, so if Harbs wants a balanced offense, start looking at younger innovative OCs instead of old guard OCs"
There are other schemes (than two ugly screen passes at the redzone) to be more productive in the passing game. A curb stomping rushing drive killed by two weak ass passes. And they panicked and settled for a FG at 4th and 3 in front of the goal line.
"I get that you don't want to be predictable on first down, but when you pass on first down and it doesn't get positive yards you're stuck passing on the next two downs most likely. The only way to slow the Chiefs is to keep Mahomes off the field. Ingram, Dobbins, Edwards, repeat. The OL wasn't helping much, but then you have to design plays to get the RBs into space."
John Harbaugh would be great in politics. Completely avoids damn near every question.
We run to setup the pass... until we don’t. And we look fucking stupid.
"I don’t think he’s going to blatantly say they abandoned the run. That just throws shade on his coaching staff. Hopefully they realize and will change how they play calls when down. 

Also, start Gus."
"had a horrible thought that i hope is untrue:

greg roman is our offensive dean pees."
"If we continue to shift from our offensive identity every time we go down by three points, then I can't see Greg Roman being here much longer. It was the same issue we had in 2012 with Cam Cameron before Hue Jackson took over. I think that if it does happen, it'll be in our Week 7-11 stretch where we play the Steelers x2, the Patriots, and the Titans. We've got nearly two seasons of game tape now to showcase how important establishing the run is in this offensive scheme.  The statistic of us not winning any game after losing at halftime is because our OC panics and won't get back to the basics of this team."
"It's cool to want to be more productive in the passing game, but you do that when you can afford to.  Not when you're having your anal cavity excavated with your skirt down like a little school girl."
[deleted]
The difference is they get all the DBs moving around then dump a screen to kelce. In our case Andrew would just drop the ball.
We can’t run screens to save our lives. We also suck at jet sweeps for what it’s worth.
[deleted]
We lost to Washington in both seasons we won the Super Bowl. It is known.
"Are you kidding?!?! Washington has the guy WHO MENTORED Mahomes!! 

WE ARE FUCCED YOU FRICKIN MORONS"
From what I hear their Dline is top notch and could be a problem
Don't you put that evil on me Ricky Bobby
Uhhg mahommes and the Titans Tactor-man give me nightmares.
""
"For anyone curious, Marlon Humphrey is currently graded as our best pass rusher (73.9).  Jaylon Ferguson is currently our highest graded EDGE/DL pass rusher (65.6)."
I’ve noticed our pass rushers also missing sacks in the backfield. I don’t expect them to make every sack but we gotta clean that up a bit
"This is one the small handful of issues that were obvious weaknesses on paper all off-season. 

The Ravens planned/had to rely on a few players stepping up. It hasn’t happened anywhere yet. 

Interior OL. Pass Rush/OLB. MLB. S. WR. 

The defense has a weak OLB and inexperienced MLB Corp. Its something that will have to be addressed or will cost more games. There are no star players on the team except Humphrey, Peters, Campbell. 

The OL and WR continue to cause issues stretching the field."
I really wanted us to push harder for Clowney
"We are one elite edge rusher from having easily the number 1 defence

But without that, we are forced into blitzing a hell of a lot and we still aren't getting there. Our secondary is great but can only do so much

We have to be looking at trade targets"
"Turns out relying on Judon, a 34 year old( who’s still playing amazingly, just clearly not the same pass rusher) and all of our late round draft picks on D will get eaten up by good teams"
"This is why we should have drafted one, if not two. In previous years we'd always have someone else developing in the background in case the starters left or regressed, but now the pipeline has run dry and we're in trouble."
"This was obvious last season, the offseason, and now."
I thought Bowsers been playing well
Clay Matthews is available and honestly he didn’t have a bad season last year
"Am I the only one that thinks the current unit can improve with more experience?  I mean, if you think about it, we have two new D-linemen, two new rookie linebackers with no offseason, a replacement for an injured corner, and a new safety with no playing experience. So many new guys with no offseason.

You look at the Chiefs last year and they weren't great until toward the end of the season when the defense started playing better.  There's still time for these guys to gel and improve before it really matters.  We have a really weak schedule this year, so I'm sure the defense will look good on paper moving forward, but at least that gives guys time to develop without it risking our playoff chances.  

We're probably not going to get the 1 seed, so it doesn't even matter if we lose the division to Pittsburgh as long as we make the playoffs.  We'll be playing in the divisional round either way.  Honestly, with the mentality of this team, I think we'd perform better if we came in as an underdog instead of a super hyped up juggernaut."
"Yeah our pass rush has been fucking abysmal. Turns out if you have a bad pass rush last year and you do absolutely nothing to make it better this year, it's still gonna suck!

On the bright side, Calais Campbell and Derek Wolfe have been pretty solid at stopping the run for us, so there's that..."
Oof
"Oh yeah but Judon wants 16 mil a year. So glad we franchised that guy so we can say ""yeah, no"" next year."
"Bring in Matthews, or Suggs?"
This is why we can’t play from behind and this is why we needed clowney dammit.
Everything is find on our defense we are just missing the Edge guy that blows up plays no matter how well it's defended or designed. I remember watching Suggs blitz in his prime! Change the protection all you want it won't help.
The trenches need to be the #1 priority this offseason.
"We knew this before the season and hoped the coverage would make up for it.  The interior rush actually feels stronger now but any real pressure is coming from the blitz.

It's unfortunate, but for once, the developing guys just aren't it and we also already knew Judon wasn't the answer for the kind of guy to draw doubles."
Still has me wondering why we didn't even draft an EDGE with all our mid-round picks
LOL.
Our lines in general unfortunately.
Oof
Calais looks like he's been our best rusher so far. The grading is odd.
Ill just leave.. In EDC we truzz
*psych
"Bowser and McPhee have impressed me most as pass rushers, not so much in coverage. We need to finish in the backfield though, I understand Watson and Mahomes are great at avoiding sacks but it’s damn frustrating being *that* close and then they wriggle out"
How did this happen? Weren’t we supposed to be 16-0 and shit?  Decosta has no idea what he’s doing
""
"That 14% drop rate against the Chiefs is... what the fuck? How do you account for a 10% drop rate increase like that outside of a team-wide mental collapse?

I really just don’t understand how the whole team can fail all at once."
The idea that the steelers are a top 5 team when their opponents have a combined record of 0-9 is stupid. They havent played any decent teams to earn a top 5 mark.
What cowherd said about it pretty much sums up my feelings.
"I’m just bothered by the fact that when they’re leading they seem on top of the world and unbeatable, but once they’re behind everything seems to fall apart and they go full retard. That type of shit does not lead to playoff wins"
"We're 2-1 and lost to the defending champs in week 3?

season over just pack it up"
The quick hits tweets #2&3 at the bottom are interesting.
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Week-4-NFL-PICKS-featuring-Pearls-of-Wisdom-ekdk20](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Week-4-NFL-PICKS-featuring-Pearls-of-Wisdom-ekdk20)

I apologize if it's too long of a pod, but my boy was my guest on here, also we're gonna spank Washington"
"Just incase some of you dont remember back in 2012. Ravens got stomped by the Broncos who were one of the best teams in the AFC. Considering this is from the point where flacco played terrible. So the point is, dont despair over losing to KC because if we meet in the playoffs again, its a whole new game."
"They also fired the OC, Cam Cameron that sparked the offense"
"In 2000, we went a month without scorning an offensive touchdown. I think we even won 1 or 2 of those games."
Payton Manning had like an 8 game win streak against us before that game
We also got stomped by the Texans that same year
Facts we have so much talent this year also
"A whole new game which we lose again if we continue to ignore the issues we have. Simple as that. We can roll out and win the next 13 games, but if we don’t learn to compose ourselves and figure out why we shit the bed under the spotlight, we are one and done yet again."
"But is it? Because it’s been the exact same result every time we play KC and the same result when we fall behind multiple scores. We can’t generate a pass rush, what makes you think that changes come January? The team isn’t built to come from behind. Don’t use that one example from a pathetic Browns team with piss poor coaching staff to try to say they can come back from a deficit, they just can’t. 

If they can’t win at home in January, what makes people think they’re gonna go on the road, probably to KC, and pull out a victory?

Regular season wise, they’re fine. They’ll still win 12+ games and win the division. But there’s no reason to believe when they play the Chiefs again, or a playoff defense, that they’re not just gonna fall flat again."
[deleted]
He seems a lot happier than I would expect. Probably due to Marlon signing an extension (?) or maybe he feels like the monkey is off our backs or maybe he’s happy we get to play Washington this week. Or maybe none of the above.
"I get it we lost, but I don’t seeing us lose more than 2 more games the rest of the year.

Let’s enjoy this, a lot of teams would love to be us."
Getting their collective shit pushed in by the Titans didn't doe?
I mean I hope this is the case and not just talk. I think he didn't want to tip his hand or throw anyone under the bus in his responses.
So it took 3 years to finally get it? I’ll believe it when I see change.
""
Well that definitely wouldn’t suck
"If they get him for Tre White numbers instead of Ramsey numbers, i'll be soooo happy.

likely will be closer to Ramsey, but he'll be worth it"
" Not only is he our greatest pass defender, he’s also our best pass rusher this season!"
"I was so wrong about humphrey when we drafted him and I'm so glad to be

I wanted Reuben Foster or someone irrelevant iirc"
"Not a ton of cap savings, so not likely an a move for a big trade. Might help something smaller immediately though."
"Hell yeah, let’s fuckin go! Marlon has earned every bit of whatever he gets. Shit even if he ends up being the highest paid in the league, it’ll end up being a steal in 2-3 years."
Time for Marlon to get that elite pass rusher money
Super pumped if true
Imagine how great his outfits are gonna be when he starts making way more money
Any source...?
I hope it's true. Marlon needs to be a Raven long term. He's probably the most well rounded corner in the game due to his elite coverage skills and the fact that he hits and tackles like a backer.
100% deserves it
"Big if true. Smart to do Marvin first instead of Stanley because the CB market constantly resets itself higher and higher. LT market generally stays stable for a few years, although the recent Tunsil contract did reset it quite a bit higher than it was before."
hopefully he’s fucking insane and deserves it 100 percent
Thank God I can finally buy his jersey
"Good, I hope so.  Out of home grown talent I have been saying the last week or so, Humphery, Stanley, and Bowser are the three we need to focus on this off season.

Edit:  With Bowser, we have 5 OLB, 4 of them are up for contract this year, leaving Ferguson, Ward, Judon, Mcphee, and Bowser.  We can't let our entire edge group walk.  Mcphee is older, Judon is asking way more than he is worth. Ward we should definitely try to keep, and Boswer.  Bowser would be way more cost effective than Judon.  But this is a group that needs addressing this year.  

Also, we should try to extend Andrews, I forgot about him."
Great! He deserves it!
Yes yes yes yes yes.
Very happy to have just purchased a black 44 Jersey.
"It's like the Ravens saw Judon against the Chiefs and said ""well I guess I know where Marlon's money is coming from"""
"Keeping Peters and Humphrey together for a while is great. Next, Ronnie Stanley."
wow. good call man
As long as its not Judon...Humphrey deserves it and Judon can go get paid by Cleveland like Paul Kruger or something
Why not Stanley first?
What about Stanley?
"Question, if it is indeed Marlon is he going to get payed as a slot cornerback or outside ?"
"Unpopular opinion, he should not be paid as the best in the league, i would like to lock him up and i think has an amazing skill set including perhaps the best forced fumble skills of a CB in the league.  That said, he gets away with a lot of holding, and sometimes doesn't get away with it, and I think if the deal is longer term into the point where his skills diminish that will be a mistake."
"Can anyone defensive minded describe what it is that The Chargers, Titans, and KC were doing to make Lamar so panicked? 
Are the Safeties and CB doing anything special or are the LB? Is the DL following any special scheme?

And what’s the fix? (Besides handing the ball to Gus, of course)"
"Both teams said it wasn’t so much Lamar as they just knew where the WRs were. KC said they new what general direction our WR and TEs were gonna be after a PA, and set up their zones accordingly. It’s tough for any QB to throw the ball when the defense knows where it’s gonna go"
The Bills did a better job then the Titans or KC of slowing us.
"The chiefs literally threw everything they had and the kitchen sink at us. They designed all kinds of crazy plays and trick manuvers, as if they were saving it just for us. They will probably come to regret that later, I'm not saying the chiefs weren't better. I'm saying that you don't just draw up a game plan like this so early in the season. 

You gotta keep the best tricks available for the grand finale, if anyone understands what I mean."
"I don't think Lamar was really that panicked, do you?

Just nobody open and he kept having to scramble because our OL is turnstiles"
"The Chargers game was because they knew whether it was a pass or run based on Stanley's  stance IIRC. Marty didn't change anything up between that game and the regular season Chargers game that occurred about a month before hand. The Chargers just straight up knew what to expect pre-snap.  


The other two games are more of a result of abandoning the run absurdly early and putting the game on Lamar's shoulders. The problem with that is that Lamar doesn't have a good Receiving Corps and didn't have one last year either. The run game was so good last year that they could mask it for the most part. Andrews is the sole possession receiver on this team and that shouldn't be the case. The passing attack is limited because we basically have Brown, Andrews and Ingram.   


Brown isn't the type of receiver to be put in a move the chains position, he's mainly the intermediate-deep threat option. The team needs an AB/Julio/Brandon Marshall type of receiver."
"Consistent pressure only blitzing 4. 

Look at our defense, to get pressure we need to send 5-6 guys. Good QBs can then see 1 on 1s and make tough throws. 

But when they get to drop 7 to defend Andrews, Brown, Sneed, Boykin and a spy things get tough. 

Our Oline needs to be better. I think when we domimate running our Oline gets credit when its really Lamar who should get credit. Our O line is a tad bit overrated."
"Our play callers choke in big time games..  When they don’t call it well, it leaves little room for error and if our **young** players don’t execute in those limited opportunities then things just don’t work out. It also helps that they don’t have to worry about the run as much as we tend to ditch the run the second we go down by any margin.."
[deleted]
I think we should be proud how far this team has come since 2018. There is a lot of improvements we can make but I still love my ravens!!
Why wouldn’t you be? We’re one of the best teams in the league.
2018?? Try 2015 if you want actual pain
"Appreciate the positive post. 

I think it shows how unbelievably we spoiled we are as  fanbase that ONE loss to the best team in the league - even though it WAS really ugly and raised some issues - has everyone this upset and panicking 

I look forward to Lamar and the boys hanging dong on the WFT next week and restoring the good mood among the fanbase. With WFT, Bengals, and Eagles coming up next, we have a great chance to be 5-1 going into the first Steelers game. I hope we make it happen."
"It was one game. Anyone who thought that we would actually go undefeated was kidding themselves. The only teams that can get out to that big a lead on us are the Chiefs, the Seahawks, and maybe the Packers. For my money we're favorites against every other team. Everything is going to be fine."
"I’m glad you didn’t jump ship, but would you say you’re more concerned going forward/less confident?"
""
">he like taco bell and twitter

Ngl this got me good"
I’m searching for Mark Andrews hands too
I was raging at Judon all game but that offsides call was bullshit. After watching replays he perfectly timed the snap.
Dude isn't that good..he is a worse OG Pernell McPhee that went to the Bears.
"I wish the Ravens would get Anthony Harris from the Vikings. He’s solid and won’t cost much. Also I’m
Biased because I went to HS with him."
Thank God we didnt get stuck in a long term deal with him
The chicken chalupa bandit!
I really don't understand what happened to him between last year and this year.
"I never agreed with paying Judon, he’s average at best"
💀
Should've paid Za'Darius
Stole 17 mil and ran
hopefully he'll show up soon if not then he'll be gone after this year
You could add Tyus Bowser to this list too. He keeps getting pressure but can’t ever make the sack. I’ve literally counted like 6 or 7 sacks he should’ve had.
"The interior o-line needs addressing and a WR needs to be added too but a top pass rusher (assuming one is available)  might be the team's biggest need. 

Judon will hit the market next year and some team will overpay. Hopefully, the organization gets a 3rd or 4th round comp pick in 2022."
He had a great sack.  Too bad he was offsides.   One game guys...calm down.  KC is really good.
"Just seemed to run full speed at the line and over run the play or do nothing last game, Not that anybody played well but hes been really bad in a contract year. Wish we had not tagged him and went after clowney."
You have shitty friends.
weak
[deleted]
"These hot takes are getting ridiculous. We lost a game y’all, were not in rebuild mode."
"Mark Ingram is making like 4.5 mil a year first of all, and he had a great year in our offence last year. He was part of the best rushing offence of all time, and is a great leader for our young guys. That is why we have Mark, he is cheap, effective, and a good leader. He may have lost a step, or is just struggling a bit compared to last year, he certainly hasn’t been bad though"
Where is your source? Fox News?
LMFAOOO bro what type of fair weather fan shit is this. It’s one game bro omfg
Hot take
[deleted]
"> Might never succeed in the playoffs 

LOL this won’t age well."
what on earth is laces on leather and why would anyone care what they have to say?
This dude claims he’s a Ravens fan. Loves to shit on Lamar and he’s secretly a Flacco apologist
Yo can Lamar just lose a fucking game without people thinking he’s a bust. I don’t hear this same stuff about Sam Darnold.
The reason i put the pic is because this post is on an account ran by a “ravens” fan
"Didn't he beat the pats, seahawks, 49ers, rams, etc. last season?"
"Bucs and Jets assessments, sure. The rest of this is nonsensical horse shit."
""
"Offense podcast vs Chiefs with Dev Panchwagh:

1. Discussion of OL play/grading
2. What happened to Lamar Jackson?
3. How can other teams use what the Chiefs did to beat the Ravens?
4. What might the Ravens consider in terms of scheme and personnel changes?"
""
FUCK YEAH
That is awesome! Good work!
""
"My guy got the BAG! Glad we got that done. Congrats Marvin, well deserved! All Pro and hopefully a Raven for life."
"Top 3 favorite Raven for me, now I can finally buy his jersey in peace without worrying about him walking in free agency (if we decided not to pay him for whatever reason) 😂"
And my dumbass wanted oj Howard lmfao
"Decosta out here smiling to himself, he saved 1.25 mil over 5 years lol. No even 100mil"
Linebacker in a Cornerback’s body
"He’s earned every penny, so glad he’ll be a core part of this team for years to come."
I can't upvote this enough
Worth every penny. He’s going to look fresher than hell in his postgame IG lives now.
And what Will Lamar get? 500 mil or something 😂
Once again paying some no name instead our top corner Marvin.  smh
Yes yes yes yes yes 😍 takes a bit of the sting out from the MNF loss
$$ MARLO GETTING PAAAAAID $$
Yay!
Well deserved
"another great hit by ozzie. i think this was a good price for both the ravens and for marlon. EVERYONE WINS HERE (except the steelers, and when they lose we win)."
HELLLLL YEAHHHHH
THIS IS HUUUUUUUUUUUGE
"My exact reaction - ""Holy sh- WHAT THE FUCK."" Glad we decided to fucking pay the man."
I bet Snowflake's happy.
Remember when we drafted him and we all thought he’d be a no name special teamer? Fuck I love our front office.
LETS GO MARLO
"4 up, 4 down baby!

Let's gooooo!"
"damn Marlon, where the Bugatti dealer at?"
For what he brings to the team that’s actually a really reasonable contract IMO!
idk that's a lot of money for a pass rusher that can't even get home/s
Big play Marlo!!!
Stanley next
YESSSSSSSSSIR
Best news of the week by far
Dicks out lads
"Glad to have him and MP. Just curious where this puts us cap wise. Im assuming this doesnt hit till 2022 as 2021 is last year with rookie deal. 2022 we will have MP on the books for 12 mill and he will need an extension, and assuming we give ronnie 20 mill ish a year that puts us down for 50mill tied into 3 players. Lamar is gonna hit 2022, so if we are using mahomes as a barometer, that is somewhere near 40-50 million per season. 4 players at 100 million with roughly 170 in cap space. is 70 mill enough to fill out a roster? Obviously we will have to keep busy in the draft, but maybe we can figure it out.

&#x200B;

Disclaimer- Not saying Ronnie, MP, Marlon, or Lamar arent worth the money. Just looking at things in the future optimistically."
"Definitely worth it. Easily the best defender we have on the team. His versitility, toughness, and opportunity making abilities are top notch."
"All Pro Marlo.

&#x200B;

Well deserved."
He’s our best pass rusher this year. Glad we paid him like one!
"I'm new to NFL and the ravens, is this a good move by the Ravens? How good is Humphrey"
Hell yeah! This team is going to keep kicking ass for years. Pretty stoked we're going to see two AFC teams basically running a solid dynasty for the future.
"I’m happy for him, but I thought he would get tre money and not Ramsey money. Deserves it tho."
"A lot of money, worth every penny. First extension is done. Now get Stanley"
Thank god we got him for a longgg time
trying to find numbers but struggling. this is less than ramsey but more than tre white annually right? so well deserved
Not all bad news this week
"caw caw brahs, is this a great deal for us?"
How much guaranteed?
Marvin!!
I've been wanting to get one of the Nike Elite jerseys with #44.  All they have is a size 60.
Let’s book up Ronnie Stanley next please.
So proud of our boy Marvin
"That's a lot of dough, but I've never seen a cornerback as physical as he is."
"Anyone else see this as a pretty team friendly deal when you look at it over 7 years (including this season and his 5th year option). He got paid, but he didn't hold their balls to the bandsaw and get every penny. I think he want's to be surrounded by talent."
"Very happy, but salary cap hell's a comin'.  2 mill a year more than every CB except Ramsey."
Noice I can buy his jersey without being horrified that he’ll leave
Aye bag secured 💰💰.
"anyone who has a good understanding of our cap situation, does this make it difficult to extend Lamar and Stanley down the line?"
MARLON BAG CHASING YESSIR
"Roll Tide, Marlon!"
Marlo getting that bag
[[Video] Marlon Humphrey Gets Emotional Discussing Extension](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/video/marlon-humphrey-gets-emotional-discussing-extension)
Thank you Jesus thank you Lord
Glad he got his bread. He only turns 25 next year and could easily still be here to sign an extension when this contract is running down.
"Damn..... my boy got paid $$$$ Love it, big truss"
"Well, looks like I'll be getting a Marlon jersey in the future."
"Sadly, he is all but impossible to resign in Madden 21"
"Due to the Titans-Steelers game being postponed, they may move the Ravens Steelers game to Week 8 (where the Ravens currently have a bye), so the Titans and Steelers can play Week 7"
I would love this. Give us a week off before Pitt
And the Steelers get the week 4 bye.
This is great for us we get our bye week the week before we play the Steelers and on top of that the Steelers will have to play AJ Brown when they play the Titans (which was pretty unlikely this week).
Bye week before the Steelers game instead of the Colts? [I'll allow it.](https://media.giphy.com/media/146heXDX89mUgw/giphy.gif)
"This makes a ton of sense but I haven't seen this anywhere official yet.  For the time being seems like a reddit theory.

Could happen tho."
"I expect the bye week shift to W7 and Steelers/Ravens in W8 to be the outcome.  The Ravens had 2 big scheduling disadvantages this season:

1. They play 2 teams coming off a bye (that should never happen, as I have written many times).
2. They play the Steelers in a road Thursday game.

This scheduling change will create more relative fairness between the 2 schedules this season.

Steelers fans hate this and are saying the Titans should simply forfeit, but that does not meet the competitive balance needs of the league.

The Ravens had a week 2 bye forced on them in 2008 when Reliant (now NRG) in Houston was damaged by a hurricane.  Rather than play the game in Baltimore or at a neutral site (as has been done for wildfires and other weather situations), the Ravens played the last 15 weeks consecutively and trounced the Texans in week 10, 41-13."
Id be mad if I was a steelers player having to play 13 straight weeks because of a Titans fuck up.
"We all are guilty of these from time to time. I'll go first: many seasons ago, after a couple of terrible games, I remember declaring that we should cut Flacco and tank the rest of the season to draft Johnny Football."
"I thought Lamar was going to turn out to be Tyrod 2.0, only being used in trick plays and wildcat and stuff like that.

I'm extremely happy I was wrong."
"I genuinely thought Lamar would light a fire under Flacco and he would ball out and continue to be our QB for the next 5 years plus. 

Glad that didn’t happen, as much as I love the guy."
Thought Alex Collins was the future at our RB position. He was really good for us for about 2 years but i think the off the field things messed him up
"I did not like drafting Marlon, or Lamar at the time. On the Flip side I loved drafting Elam and Perriman I am so glad I am not the GM"
I wanted baker at 16. Fortunately hue jackson was dumber than I expected and baker was already gone so we got the best qb in that class
"Wasn’t too excited about the 2018 draft class. First, taking Hurst over Ridley irked me. Was happy about Lamar as I was ready for Flacco to be replaced. But other than Lamar (and I wasn’t even THAT pumped about Lamar, just happy we took *any* quarterback) I was not excited about anyone.

*How dumb was I?*

Edited to also add: I thought Trestman was going to be great, I thought Hollywood was going to be Perriman 2.0 when he had injury talks already going into rookie year, I thought Matt Elam was going to be a godsend, I thought the Ravens were going to steamroll the Titans in last year’s playoffs, I thought Ronnie Stanley was gonna be worse than Tunsil

Edited again: I thought Tim Williams was going to be a premier pass rusher for the Ravens some day LOL"
I was pissed we drafted Lamar. Then after his first year was still pissed because he was so inaccurate.
Around 2015-17 I started to doubt Harbaugh and occasionally called for his head. I got really annoyed how reluctant he was to fire our shit OC and DC from those years and was tired of watching us dink and dunk passes with Flacco those years. Really glad we stuck with him and will never doubt him again.
"I thought Arthur Brown was going to be a lynchpin of our defense for years lol

Bonus stupid opinion: I thought Kyle Arrington was going to be the missing piece to send us on a Super Bowl run"
There's a LOT of players I thought would be great for us simply because they'd turn out that way for me in Madden.
I fiercely defended both Billy Cundiff and Lee Evans.
Really wanted Marlon Brown to be a better receiver than he was.
I can’t think of one being overly dumb just had high hopes for Elam and Perriman but for some reason my dad thought Kenny Young was going to be a superstar
Flacco should not have gotten that extension after the superbowl
I was sure Kenneth Dixon was going to be a star :(
I thought Harbaugh was mentally checked out at the end of the Flacco era
I thought Marlon was a dumb pick.
I thought we should’ve put Flacco back in once he got healthy in 2018
I was an Alex Collins truther
"I thought Terrance West was gonna be a staple in our offense for years. (He went to Towson, homer bias)"
"I've got a few:

1. Walked out of the NYG game in 2016 'officially' done with Harbaugh.
2. I threw my hands up in triumph when Ozzie nabbed Elam.
3. Similarly, I thought Brooks and Jernigan would be great Ravens for years."
I thought we should’ve put flacco back in during the playoffs... only for a second but I admit I did
That Flacco was still good from 2015-2018 and he didn’t have the weapons he needed
"I was pretty convinced KB could turn it around a be a real QB for the Ravens. I wasn’t alone and remember logic like, “he missed 6 games his rookie year, so year two is basically still rookie year”"
"In 2014, I REALLY wanted Shanahan something fierce and ij 2015, I wanted Adam Gase even more than I had wanted Shanahan.

Whoops..."
I thought for years that things were going to click for kyle boller.
I thought that the gigantic failure that was our 2015 season was solely due to injuries. everyone would get healthy and we'd be legit super bowl contenders again. 2016 and 2017 were rough.
"I thought lamar should've started day one. But he obviously needed some time to learn and adjust.

I wanted Zach Baun or Aj Epensa this past draft but it doesn't seem like any of them are even playing"
I thought Terrance Brooks was taking Baltimore by storm lol
Stoney Case was gonna be awesome
"When we drafted Ronnie Stanley, I was mad about it."
"I HATED the Ronnie Stanley pick. I wanted Tunsil all the way and was livid we let him slip. 

Well shit I’m glad I can laugh at that. Both great players, no doubt but we got a solid onep"
Shareece wright was decent.
I still have high hopes for Tyus Bowser... though 80% of that is because of his name. (20% because we desperately need a reliable pass rusher.)
I thought Jim Leonhard was going to come back for another run after his best season with us. I was wrong
I thought Troy Smith was the future. He won the Heisman after all!!!
"I'm sure you'll call me stupid for this take but Ed Reed was on a whole different level than Ray Lewis. Ray Lewis had immense talent and his leadership abilities were second to none, but Ed Reed was probably the most talented player that has ever played for us, and may only be second to Lamar depending on how his career plays out in 10 or 20 years time."
I had really high Hope's fpr Perriman back when we drafted him. Boy was I wrong
I preferred Troy Smith to Joe Flacco for a long time. Probably until we let Troy go.
""
Chiefs fan here. Marlon deserves this. Great player. Congrats to securing him for another half a decade. Let’s hope he stays healthy and keep delivering good performances.
lol at that bucket hat resting on the 'fro
How come no one is talking about Broderick Washington being arrested?
[deleted]
[deleted]
#MoneyTeam💥🥊
""
"He's a florida boy, I'm shocked he doesn't have a grill like Hollywood"
"Not really into the iced out jewelry,  being that I use be around it and celebrities.  And I'd get upset at how much they'd drop. 

Anyway i like this piece!!!"
Yeeesuuhhhh he wore this in the interview yesterday
"This is pretty awesome looking, but I can’t help but think of the ravens podcast interview with Matt Stover this week. He talked about how you have to plan so carefully with your money if you want it to last you and yours. It’s a great listen. At one point he mentioned how the NFL used to have 2:1 matching for retirement investments, and how many people didn’t bother to take them up on that because they wanted their money now and didn’t want to think about whats down the road, literally giving up an immediate 200% return on investment. 

I know Lamar is due a big paycheck soon but you’d be shocked how much stuff like this burns through money, like the rolexes he bought his O-Line. Most of these guys’ careers are over before 30, and whatever you’ve earned has to last a long time. 

I know I’m sort of a party pooper here but I want these guys comfortable and taken care of with smart decisions financially. 

All that being said, to Lamar can I borrow that for like a day?"
Raven for life!!
"What's up guys, Jake (@Jakelouque) with the Baltimore Beatdown Podcast here dropping a link to today's show. We had the pleasure of chatting with DC sports media legend Chick Hernandez (@MrChickSports) who hopped on with us to break down Ravens @ WFT. Chick was a hilarious and informative guest and is among my personal favorites that we've had recently, so I hope you guys enjoy! Have a great rest of your week and enjoy the game on Sunday.

Spotify: [https://open.spotify.com/episode/5kdPc3A0JDf2VG0UviHKgO?si=HubGj9\_pQvm8oUOgbQwKcg](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5kdPc3A0JDf2VG0UviHKgO?si=HubGj9_pQvm8oUOgbQwKcg)

Apple: [https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/mr-harbaugh-goes-to-washington-ft-chick-hernandez/id1377269109?i=1000493206452](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/mr-harbaugh-goes-to-washington-ft-chick-hernandez/id1377269109?i=1000493206452)

PS: With the Marlon news dropping just after we recorded last night, I fired up a stream where I individually reacted to that and chatted with some of our great listeners regarding it, and other stuff if you guys are interested. Here's a link to that as well: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGAw5Cp1ZAM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGAw5Cp1ZAM)"
sorry this was caught in the spam filter
"What's up guys, Jake (@Jakelouque) with the Baltimore Beatdown Podcast here dropping a link to today's show. We had the pleasure of chatting with DC sports media legend Chick Hernandez (@MrChickSports) who hopped on with us to break down Ravens @ WFT. Chick was a hilarious and informative guest and is among my personal favorites that we've had recently, so I hope you guys enjoy! Have a great rest of your week and enjoy the game on Sunday.

[Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5kdPc3A0JDf2VG0UviHKgO?si=HubGj9_pQvm8oUOgbQwKcg)

[Apple Podcasts](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/mr-harbaugh-goes-to-washington-ft-chick-hernandez/id1377269109?i=1000493206452)

PS: With the Marlon news dropping just after we recorded last night, I fired up a stream where I individually reacted to that and chatted with some of our great listeners regarding it, and other stuff if you guys are interested. Here's a link to that as well:

[Jake reacts to the Humphrey extension](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfGAw5Cp1ZAM)"
""
His cat is going to be rolling in all the premium cat chow now
He should send that cab driver a box of charging cords.
That's my CB
My next Jersey
So happy I got his jersey last year
Humble and driven. Fuck it I'm buying his jersey
"Holy smoke, what a mature and thoughtful attitude. I've always thought it was incredibly small, selfish, and egotistical to insist on being the highest paid. This guy can see what is important, and it's a great thing that we have an organization like this."
[deleted]
""
Reminds me of all the wire artwork hanging around the city. Very cool shot!
PurPOE Rain-ven
""
i just got that recommendation too. Like Reddit why you gotta do me so dirty 😭
Clearly this is fallout from the meme war. Unfortunately we are the victims
"It goes both ways. I'm from there, got recommend, and came looking for missed memes. Fun week of memes, keep it up."
"Hey all, Chris here from the Ravens ReCAP podcast. As I'm sure everyone here could attest to, it took a little bit to get over the loss to the Chiefs. While the Ravens have had a lot recent success, dealing with the losses gets a little bit more difficult. We discussed where the Ravens fell short, how the Chiefs were able to exploit their weaknesses, and to end things on a lighter note - gave out our Moral Victory awards. Spoiler - Tucker is still the GOAT (not that anyone here disagreed).

You can catch us over at [Apple Podcasts](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/ravens-recap/id1463340394), [Google Podcasts](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cDovL3JhdmVuc3JlY2FwLmNvbS9mZWVkL3BvZGNhc3Qv), or from [our website](http://ravensrecap.com/20-34-2020-kansas-city-recap/). 

Stay tuned for our preview episode of Week 4's matchup against the Washington Football Team. Stay safe out there, and GO RAVENS!"
[deleted]
We could throw out names all we want but if there's one thing I've learned with EDC as GM it's that we never know who's actually on the trade block until they're traded.
Not much. Gotta hope bowser and Judon continue to improve. Maybe Madibuke can provide a spark.
Melvin Ingram the Chargers aren’t going to extend a 31 year old pass rusher and if they aren’t in playoff contention at the trade deadline then they will likely trade him away to get whatever assets they can recoup.  My issue is that I think they are a playoff team so I don’t see them trading Ingram away.
"I was thinking maybe get suggs back. 

Not to actually play, he's too old for that but maybe to help mentor up our young linebacking core. We have a bunch of young pieces who we've invested serious capital in but it seems like we've been having trouble developing them over the last couple of years (excluding mosley). 

Is it at all possible to bring him back as a coach in some form? I'm only getting this desperate because in terms of other players to trade for or sign there's nothing whatsoever."
"The pass rush wasn't the problem, the problem was Mahomes escaping pressure and making plays outside of structure. There's very few QBs that can do that, and Mahomes is close to unstoppable when he brings his A game. There's no need to panic and sell the farm because we lost one game. Now we have it on tape for when we meet up in the playoffs. Let's just calm down, we were never going to go 16-0."
"Only trade target I think you could realistically grab midseason is Whitney Mercilus. Houston's 0-3 and could easily head into midseason at 2-6 or 3-5, and Bill O'Brien has consistently been a complete moron when it comes to trades.

Other than that though, I'm not sure there are any big names that really stick out in my head right now. There may be some unexpected midseason name that comes out of nowhere kind of like Peters did last year, but if I look at teams I think will start a fire sale and pass rushers on those teams, Mercilus is the only name that comes to mind, and I don't really know how much of an upgrade he is from Judon."
Ingram to a contender as a rental or Gus/Hill to someone looking to build for next year. We don’t need 4 RB of this quality when we have other obvious holes.
"Cutting judon is not a possibility as we wouldn’t save any cap space. We can trade him but he’d be an overpaid rental. If we don’t trade him we wouldn’t really have the cap space to sign a big name to help out. If we make a package deal we could potentially pull something off.

If we wait a couple more weeks and Minnesota doesn’t seem to improve, we may be able to package some draft picks and go after Ngakoue. They gave up a second and fifth for him and are 0-3 so they may want their picks back. Their bye is week 6 or 7 so if we wait until then he’d cost us around 5 mil in cap space but we’d have to resign him for a big contract or we’d be giving up draft capital for half a season of playtime.

At this point our best bet is to relook our blitz schemes. Judon is not rushing the passer as much as he should be. Maybe another few weeks will get our dline meshing more. Don’t forget they’ve only played 3 games together so far.

We also may have some trade value in our backfield. I like our running backs but thats a position that if you sub too much its hard for any one player to get hot. Gus(yes i love gus too) and judon may be a good package to a rebuilding team in need of a strong rb2 and an olb they could resign for a not massive deal. The chargers could be an option. Maybe the redskins. Minnesota has no money. 

Ngakoue would be my pick though for a trade target."
We should trade Mark Andrews and Snead for Cam Jordan.
[deleted]
Have you tried talking to him and telling him how you really feel deep down? I’m sure he will understand
You need to go outside
"> This playcalling has been abysmal throughout the entirety of Lamars career, I get it we are down but run the fucking ball 

This is why you are not an NFL head coach. All around a really Stupid take."
lol
He is literally the best ravens coach ever. Believe me im upset we loss to the chiefs but pump the brakes. Also you know harbs doesnt call the plays right
""
Per their subreddit they are Kings in da Norf...
"Texans are at least a decent team, they had as about as tough a first 3 games as you can get"
"Who cares? They’re in first place. They haven’t beat anyone, but they’re still in first place."
They are definitely a good all around team but there is no doubt they've played terrible teams.
"bad news: even if we win Sunday, the Steelers are still gonna be sitting on the top of the AFCN"
"Yes I think they are. This has been like the preseason for Fat Ben, which is exactly what he needed."
“Nobody cares/work harder” type of situation.
Their schedule is cake.
"I’d put $500 on them not making the playoffs, or maybe safer bet is not winning a playoff game since they have a cake schedule but are gonna crumble under any decent team they play"
"only scratched the surface of the season, still a long ways to go, a lot can change"
Yes they definitely are
Steelers looking pretty sus right now.
"Eh ...

You play whoever is on the schedule. So far, they're undefeated. They're who the Ravens have to get past if Baltimore wants the division right now."
1-9 now baby lol
"To be honest, they are always contenders. They have great coaches and players. These may have been easy games, but they won and got it done. Steelers have often fallen to lesser teams. 

I do feel we are better, but they have a fantastic defence and an offence that can move the ball."
the answer: no
""
Love the spirit on this team. Everyone got each others backs.
LOL Ingram got enough love for everyone
"MP Juiceman, Money Man Marlo, now we gotta wait for Ingram to come up with names for Chuck and Deshon lmao"
Mark Ingram could get me hyped about literally anything.
""
I’m impressed that you fit 60 minutes of material into 40 minutes.
[removed]
[deleted]
"@Ravens @marlon_humphrey Live look at Snowball when Marlo got home. 

***

posted by [@52BigRed](https://twitter.com/52BigRed)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Disregard that the dude got his name wrong smh
dont spend it all on white pussy marlon!
"@Ravens @marlon_humphrey Live look at Snowball when Marlo got home. 

***

posted by [@52BigRed](https://twitter.com/52BigRed)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
This would give us two weeks to prepare for the Steelers.
"Yeah, this actually works in our favor. Moving our bye one week earlier, which is really not a big deal. And then instead of both us coming off the bye to play each other, we will have two weeks off while the Steelers will now only have one before our game."
And we lose a bye week? I’m confused
""
I know he’s not the most popular former Raven but the [most recent reports](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/30015123/nfl-says-steelers-titans-game-played-week-4-two-more-positive-tests) say he is one of the Titans with COVID. Get well soon man.
"Ravens legend, dean pees disciple.

Actually kinda wrecked the game  vs Tennessee."
""
"I am a Ravens fan, and I approve this message."
Aaron Rodgers can do that because he's Aaron Rodgers lol. Lamar will need to earn that as he continues to grow.
[Lamar back in the huddle after running QB Power](https://tenor.com/view/miracle-kurt-russell-herb-brooks-again-gif-17714540)
"Funny on its own, IMO Lamar just needs to audible more. There has to be a run/rpo out of almost every base formation they use, just audible into one every now and then when Roman is getting squirrely."
Wishbone formation every play.
"*Gets down by 3* 

G.R- PASSES ONLY BOIS"
Rodgers should be calling the damn plays anyway
"Literally stole this from my comment yesterday over in r/nfl but you aren’t lying


Edit : [here’s the link not being a dick ](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/j2uk66/packers_aaron_rodgers_sometimes_pretends_his/g7830pe/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)"
[removed]
"Imagine how sorry a life a person has to have to make a sleeper account just to troll. While individuals are out socializing and dating, improving themselves, making money you just sit at home being a troll. 


Good luck with your life. You are gonna need it."
Didn't they already win 2 games? Lol
0-16 but the Ravens are 2-1 currently 🤨
Do you use that fist on your mom when your stacking her box?
Just saying the OP is a bigot.
"Ravens fan here. And I want to say that being 30, I’ve seen some incredible QB’s & players. I grew up loving both of our Ravens SB’s. I loved the Mile High miracle. I loved seeing Brees fling bullets and I’ve been a huge closet packers supporter since I was little! Aaron Rodgers is one of my favorite QB’s ever. Although fuck the Pats, I loved the Brady v. Manning battles over the years. And I was young enough to see some of Montana’s awesome moments. 

Now Lamar, Russ & Murray are ushering in a new hybrid of QB and I’m super ecstatic to see the evolution we’re moving into. But I will say this: #15 in KC - Patrick Mahomes is a fucking freak of nature. He’s literally insane and i can’t articulate how much in awe I am a lot of times seeing him play. I love my QB. But I know his shortcomings. I’m a realist. 

What’s worse is he’s vested our team on multiple occasions, which is frustrating. He’s such a phenom to watch against other teams and he’s such a fucking heartbreaker every time we play him. 

The truth is we’re going to have to defeat Thanos to get to the last dance. There’s no fucking way around it. Sorry if I seem to be rambling. I’m just venting. But at the end of the day, I know we’ll easily be 13-3 or 14-2 again. But the truth is we have to overcome this hump in order to secure another ring. 

I have high hopes and lots of optimism for our future. Lamar will get better. And we have to learn to relax and play from behind. The only way from here is up! Thx for listening to my ted talk."
I thought you were going to vent?
"The truth is, after rewatching the game, it’s a combination of things more than just Mahomes. Andy Reid is a god damn wizard. 80% of the successful plays run by the Chiefs were schemed successes. All Mahomes has to do is stick to the game script and on those 10-15 plays that aren’t schemed successfully, if makes them right on 50%, they are impossible to beat. So that 7-8 plays a game that Mahomes really destroys your team’s morale or can make or break a game outcome"
"Mahomes is the best in the NFL, and when his career is over he could well be the ""Michael Jordan"" of the NFL


But, in that loss he wasnt that amazing. Our pass rush was tame, we tried playing man coverage but stood off them because we were scared of the deep threat (because no pass rush)

He made a lot of easy throws to open guys, we made it too easy for him"
""
"Whoever wrote this script needs a raise.


From the reference to ""kryptonite"" from Lamar's presser to the ""hero's journey"" motif. 


Best. media. team. in. the. league."
Warning: Billy cundiff makes an appearance in this
"was that yanda with the ""we fight"" in the beginning?"
Man you’re quick lol honestly it was very well put
Flacco is in at QB
NEW YORK RAVENS BABY
THEY ALSO ACTIVATED THE OTHER LAMAR JACKSON TONIGHT
He gone
"If the Jets win, it never would’ve happened without the help of Joe.

If they lose, it’s cuz they didn’t keep Joe in long enough."
Joe as of right now will finish the game with a passed rating of 100!
Just came for this
We deserve this as a fanbase after Monday
THIS IS NOT A DRILL
It was nice while it lasted
Let’s go Joe!!
Let's go!!!!!
“Never thought I’d cheer side by side a Jets fan”
Jets almost fucked up and made this an exciting game. Then they put Sam Darnold back in.
He hit them with that Wide 80 and the defense couldn’t handle it. Best passer rating MVP
Ayyy i just tuned in when i read this! LETS FUCKIN GO JOE
Might be the last time we ever hear him do the cadences before a snap. Distinctive voice
*ELITE*
Is that Ravens UDFA legend Tim Patrick leading the Broncos in receiving
I'm late to the party and at work what happened with the dragon
Standing still lined up at wideout?
"“Wide 80... set hut” :,)"
He should be starting above darnold imo
J-flacc-elicious?
It was nice to see him out there!
""
Let’s go Joe.
FLACCO
JOEEEEEE
LETS GO FLACCO
"Darnold went out with an upper body injury and Flacco is now in.

Flacco’s first toss was a five yard checkdown that turned into an 11 yard gain... on 3rd and 30."
Flacco and Lamar Jackson in for the Jets. Franchise saved.
Diddle diddle up the middle worked once and I'll f****** do it again
It’s elite dragon time.
Annnd they lose!
""
Elite golden dragon
Such a beautiful man
Practice squad CB got called up today
"Lamar Jackson and Joe Flacco are playing together?

What the fuck is this, 2018?"
Also just came here for this
This joke should provide years worth of bad jokes in /r/ravens and /r/nfl.
"I consumed a small edible a little while before this game, so things like 'Lamar Jackson comes up with the stop' were really throwing me for a loop."
"I know they don't play, but what if the Ravens played the Jets this year and Lamar Jackson intercepted Lamar Jackson."
""
Fuck that guy
This dude ain't funny
This guy is an irredeemable douche...but this is funny
Portnoy is literally cancer
Unpopular opinion I think Dave is funny
And darnold got sacked immediately. Coincidence?
Could have let the poor bloke finish the set of downs.
LET THE MAN COOK
super bowl mvp joe FLACCO would never
"The way I see it, Joe either contributed to a Jets win or they didn’t keep him in long enough."
"Good, I don’t want Flacco involved in any Jets bullshit. Fuck Gase....he risked the health of a rookie to the point that his mother is pissed of on social media about it, made Fangio want to leave right away cause he didn’t want to fight..etc"
That is all
He's gonna ball out week 17
Trace the Ace
"I played against him in high school, Jon Allen from Washington too. Good guys"
McGoatly
""
Trigger warning: Billy Cundiff
Is that Bill Billick narrating?
[removed]
Congrats little Billy you learned the emoji buttons. I'm so proud of you my nephew
Ye dude great stuffing dog. Have a good one. Keep preaching my g on god.👍👍👍👍👍👍🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
""
""
"Allbright has tweeted on more than one occasion that in the event that Gase is fired, Jets’ GM is looking at dipping his hand into the Ravens pot again for his next head coach"
""
""
"Wow. This whole write up is a lot more positive than I expected. 

I obviously don’t watch each lineman play-by-play so I trust the grades, but my eye test was that it was a complete dumpster fire. 

Felt like Lamar was sacked often and quickly, and was running for his life soon after the snap almost every time we passed"
"If you were looking for the bright spot against the Chiefs, it was probably the OL play:

1. 4 sacks allowed (3 charged to OL)
2. No QH and only 2 pressures
3. Low total of missed blocks (15 for the whole line)
4. Bozeman's streak of 13 straight games without any share of a sack was broken"
I think you missed several bad play by Brown he looked slow and lost to me
Good to see that Phillips had a good game
"Watching all the injuries in just a handful of games played there, I'd be terrified about sending any of our young players onto that field. Really glad they're coming to us, not the other way around."
"I’m not sure what the heck is going on with that field.  It’s seems like a normal regulation field.  Strange.

I really hate watching games on that turf.  So glad the ravens got rid of it.  I wish the teams would go back to grass, but I think that ship has sailed."
Six personal foul penalties will do that. I'm more glad we're not playing the jets.
"I live in NYC so I was pissed when they first announced the schedule, but then realized there's be no crowd due to covid anyways."
It was the first thing I checked after the 49ers game.
Who was injured there?
""
It's Canada so they get a pass. :)
He's swimming in the money now.
Fishing master Marlin Humfree
Wonder if he'd like it more than Humphries
"Say goodbye to Homer J. Simpson, from now on I will be know as.... Homer Jay Simpson"
What am I missing here? That it's spelt Marlin in the inage?
"Damn. I knew Marlon's new deal was huge, but I didn't know he was making ***that much*** money. I even had to double check to make sure that those weren't Canadian dollars"
[deleted]
"How about we beat them first, then make fun of them? Or better yet, beat them and not make fun of them."
Their name is less embarrassing now.
""
[deleted]
"i personally think that no one is devaluing themselves more right now than mark andrews. there is a direct correlation between mark andrews' games where he leaves his hands at home and lamar's off games (AKA, when he's hitting andres in the hands). if i had to name one player (not coach, because if it's coaches and players i'm blaming roman and harbaugh) to take the blame for the titans game it's andrews. and honestly, he's up there for blame for the chiefs game as well. if he wants to be up there with kittle and kelce, he can't drop balls that hit him in the hands. lamar didn't play well i agree, but if our number one target can't catch a ball that hit him in the hands . . . you can understand why lamar couldn't string something together."
Don’t forget that Lamar is young and has time to grow and improve his game.
Lamar is not going to put up MVP caliber numbers again this year with that OL.
"Yes he will get elite QB money but if he loses again and doesn’t look good doing it then it will obviously bring the number down somewhat. 

I doubt he gets Mahomes money, nor should he, but it will be more than anyone else has ever gotten. Will be interesting to see how he and Dak compare."
He is getting mahomes money barring a career ending injury
"Watson gave a good barometer for if this happens. If he does progress and wins a playoff game or two, then we’ll be in the Mahomes neighborhood. 

Gotta say, I haven’t been this bummed and deflated about a loss in a while. I don’t think the Titans was even this bad, to be frank."
"I worry more about the affect on Lamar's mind. If he gets labeled as 'can't win the big games,' that can get in his head and become a self-fulfilling prophecy."
""
Gotta give them credit.  They definitely got our offense out of sync.  I still think Lamar gets jitters in big games.  He was missing throws that he normally makes. Hopefully he can grow out of that.
"This doesn't really mesh with what Jackson said after the game - I thought I saw him say that the Chiefs used the same approach the Titans did, but that wasn't really the case. Chiefs were more aggressive with man coverage."
""
oh lort
"#TUCKER-GASM

#STILL FUCKING GOT IT, OH LAWT"
when you nut but she still tucking
"“*Iron Dick* ain’t just a meme, son.”

 - Joe Flacco"
"Oh, look, it's Joe Flacco not caring after he got his big contract! Just like he was busy not caring after he got his big contract, when he played on a torn ACL! ^Don't ^mind ^me ^I'm ^just ^annoyed ^at ^all ^the ^armchair ^psychologists ^shitting ^on ^Joe ^in ^this ^sub ^recently."
brazzers logo
GOAT
Josh Scobee sucks lmao
"Was this the 5-11 season where they swept the Stillers and drafted Stainley?

Still one of my favorite losing seasons ever."
Kind of miss joe.
Flacco: “SURPRISE! BUTTSECKS!”
"What a mess that game was, but absolutely delightful to win. Just to lose to the Browns and a butt TD the next week! What a no good, miserable season. But leaving a sad crowd at Heinz is never a waste."
I just realized the Steelers haven’t beaten us in almost 2 full years 😂😂 these clowns on their sub reddit thinking they already got the North on lock because they 3-0 against the worsts teams in the NFL. Yes we got our asses beat on Monday but they acting like it’s over for us
when she sucks your dick and swallows your nut
What are you doing step-quarterback?
"Saint Joe casting out demons.

Be gone, ye acursed missers of 50 yarders."
...I’ll be in my bunk
I was at this game. Steelers fans were so salty.
Elite
Man I feel old
""
"GIF War with KC

MSPaint War with WFT"
ITS FOOTBALL TEAM WEEK!
"my favorite games of the year. i live right outside DC in virginia and i’m soooo hyped. my good family friends are season ticket holders (9th row on the fuckin 20 yard line next to the ravens tunnel) so the seats are crazy. went to the skins ravens 2018 & 2019 preseason games, yes the ones where justin ‘goat’ tucker hit a 62 yarder in 2018 and then a 65 in 2019 right in front of my eyes. fuck i love the ravens"
"i am abstaining from watching this game. 

duel skins ravens fan. 

if i drank i'm sure i'd be drinking heavily tomorrow to drown myself in my sadness lol."
"Highlights: https://youtu.be/UieJPp1ssRc
EDIT: DARNOLD IS 50/50 FOR THE NEXT GAME FLACCO MAY START"
Damn I miss that cadence 🤣🤣
"3rd and 30, gain of 8. Never change."
He throws one of the nicest spirals I’ve ever seen.
"I see joe...I upvote.

Sucks to see him on jets though. I really would love him to ride a bench for a contendor."
#elite
When you find out your ex is on their 3rd relationship and is doing kinda okay lol
Needs more Dennis Pitta
"Honestly, he looked good. 

Glad to see him healthy again."
"Look at those eyes, those beautiful Super Bowl eyes"
ELITE!!
GOAT shit.
"If the Jets kept him in, they would’ve won."
GET THIS MAN A GOLD JACKET !!!!
SOMEBODY PAY THIS MAN MORE MONEY
I was screaming when he went in and I called him going short over the middle on that 3rd and 20 (or whatever it was). STILL ELITE
Those uniforms are hideous
"Count on Joe to whip Ravens North into shape. Adam Gase? GTFO, this is Joe's team."
His combover is going to last until he’s 85
I saw the brief highlights. Elite checkdown
""
"Even beyond the optics of this incident, how can the NFL continue to allow coaches like Andy Reid get away with only a face shield?  Numerous studies concluded that face shields do nothing to prevent transmission of COVID.  Heck, even the neck gaiter that Harbaugh is wearing has limited efficacy.  

They need to mandate effective masks and require they be worn at all times."
"I was surprised he did it, because Harbs has actually been one of the better coaches I’ve seen in terms of staying masked all game. But he hates to pass up an opportunity for some good ref chewing out."
"I would like to voice my strong disapproval about how they assign us the shittiest ref in the history of football, and should instead give us someone that can appropriately call holding, offsides, and other basic calls. Not sure why that grown ass man sounds like a whiney tween age girl, but he has always been terrible. “Greatest refs in the league” my fucking ass"
Cool. Fine harbaugh 10k for the mask and fine each member of the refereeing crew 10k for that shitty call.
"I love Harbs but he was wrong here. He got angry and popped off but he’s a role model and he knows it.

Side note: did anyone else crack up when they showed Ozzie on TV in the stands without a mask then hurriedly put one on when he realized he was on TV? (I don’t blame him for not wearing one. He wasn’t near anybody as far as I could tell but I appreciated that he tried to set a good example while on TV)"
Fuck the refs
Maybe the refs should have actually done their job right. That tripping call was absolute nonsense.
"If a fine is standard-issue for coaches pulling down the mask to yell at refs, then by all means, fine Harbaugh. But the ref was not standing near Harbaugh, and refused to go over to the Ravens sideline to speak to him. AND, the call was utter bullshit. So, sure- fine him for pulling down his mask for 15 seconds while he disputed a bad call. Don't make it sound like he was being malicious and trying to spit on you lmao"
"NFL Referees Association Executive Director Scott Green voiced strong disapproval to NFL EVP Troy Vincent about \#Ravens coach John Harbaugh pulling down his neck gaiter to yell at officials Monday night and demanded the league take action, per sources.

The NFL declined comment.

***

posted by [@TomPelissero](https://twitter.com/TomPelissero)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"How bout the refs running around with their mask down before and after making calls or going to the replay booth..

How bout not call phantom tripping penalties that was so obvious the commentators for the game had to go out of their way to mention how much ""experience"", the officiating crew had Monday night..

How bout not call phantom offsides penalties..

How bout stop making games about the refs and let the teams play each other..

Fuck outta here"
If they fine Harbaugh then they should fine every ref that takes off their mask to announce calls
""
Yeah I don’t really know either😂
What’s with any trend on TikTok?
Future Jet
""
""
"Everyone knew this season was going to be a mess going in, but I'm not going to be mad about having a bye week before playing Pittsburgh tbh"
"TBH it's Pittsburgh who should be maddest. Their bye week has now been moved and I'm sure they had already planned things around it, and now we'll be coming off a bye when we first face them."
"Is this bad for us? Steelers have to have an early bye week which fucks their schedule/rest late in the season, and we have two weeks to prepare for them instead of one week"
Moving our bye up one week is hardly fucking our season
"Supposedly the Patriots game with the Chiefs got delayed to Monday because Chiefs players tested positive too..hmm

Edit a chiefs practice squad QB who was in close contact with Mahomes"
"Everyone should mentally prepare for the real possibility this season doesn’t complete.

The nfl had so much time to plan and did nothing"
Why do we assume that everyone who gets COVID is some kind of irresponsible moron lol
""
This is a good thing. Now we play the Steelers off of our bye and they have to play like 13 games in a row lol
NFL really screwed over the Steelers. Now we’re gonna win by 40 instead of 30
Fuck the Steelers
[deleted]
"Having that week off, especially for Stanley is great"
""
"Because of the Titans Covid cases, our bye week has been moved to week 7. What are your thoughts about this change and the 5-6 though games that we’ll have from week 8 to 14?"
We get steelers at home after a Bye. Thats cool and the steelers have to play 13 straight games. That really helps us in the division.
"It doesn’t matter.

but the fact that the Steelers have to play 13 straight games definitely doesn’t hurt us..."
Week 8 to Week 14 will define this team the same way it did last year
"I would have preferred the later Bye to be honest, I feel like the rest helps more.  But at least we can have an extra week to prepare for the Steelers and get folks healthy--we need our line in tiptop shape against their pass rushers."
Extra week prepping for Steelers makes the change worth it
""
"If the colors were reversed, these would be sooooo cool. I'm not the biggest fan of white shoes but these look dope nonetheless."
"I love that these are so nice and that you could grab 2 pairs

I hate that I'm piss poor"
Yeah got one for my gf easy birthday present
I like... My hokas are about worn this season and am in need of another high mileage shoe...
One shoe each?
""
"This is a 12-minute podcast where cohost u/DPRees8 and I introduce 5 statistics each which tell the current story of the Ravens in terms of the past game, next game, or season to date.  

We're trying to come up with shorter content alternatives to the 1-hour plus offense, defense, and know-your-foe pods.  To that end, I'm open to alternatives and happy to consider shorts or other regular pods that include the r/ravens community."
""
Oh ^word
"I reckon they will be inactive. Not so much of an issue if smith doesn’t play, but Stanley being out is a slight worry. Regardless of Washington missing two great defensive players, they still have a good line."
Stanley is literally always injured.
[removed]
trent dilfer disagreed with this
Cool
"They're**

Can't go 0-16 when you're 2-1."
"If you're going to troll, at least put some effort into it."
How hasn't this guy been banned yet? 3-4 days in a row of obvious troll posts...
Metlife Stadium is more of a threat to the Ravens than either the Jets or Giants are.
Don’t bring our friends the Jets into this.
Its karma for what happens on the baseball side of things.
"They’re*

Nice troll smooth brain."
THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS
This guy again lol
[deleted]
""
"Really cool analysis. Always had a soft spot for film breakdowns, love seeing just how much impact something most fans might not think much about has on the game!"
"“mCvAy mIgHt  b ThA gOat coAch whEN iTs alL sAiD an DoNe” - Casuals back in 2018 

Dudes the Mike Dan Toni or how ever u spell his last name of the NFL. Gimmick coach"
[deleted]
""
"1. This is a copy cat league, like the video says, and team use a ton of similar plays all the time.

2. Your title is not at all what the video is saying. The only thing they are really saying is Baltimore used motion during the snap a lot last year, leading the league with the Rams at 4th. Since, McVay has used motion during the snap more, so they are now 2nd in NFL. That has more to do with the personnel they have rather than exactly play calling, and the Ravens are the ones who created it or perfected it. McVay is just smart and saw how it helped the Ravens and increased its usage, but spoiler alert, so did every other team in the NFL, including the Ravens"
I hope we're stealing Andy Reid's plays. That fullback shuffle pass up the middle on the goal line was a thing of beauty.
"This isn't anything new, the Patriots were running the Baltimore blitz schemes all last season and they got deemed the best defense in the league by everyone"
""
Is this the heir to Jaleel Scott we have been seeking?
Why is this such a bop?
Wtf this is pretty good.
Why do I actually like it
Throw it on a dime
LMFAOOOOO
I still want us to call him RT3.
I’d love if we started putting Trace in some when we get out of reach ahead instead of just RG3. My PA in-laws hate the Ravens but are the biggest Penn State homers it would make their heads explode.
Lmao it’s actually pretty good
""
Some old song that was made when he was at Penn State blew up and its become a meme on tiktok for some reason
So out of the loop. Anyone have links.?
I'm not sure man
"When the memes die in this sub, we'll win an SB."
