text
""
Damn I needs that in my life amigo
Those shitty tshirt people are just getting more clever about how they push their shirts around.
""
"Don’t we usually pick a player with the same number of days as their jersey numbers for these things? Or did you pick MP because of pick 6’s lol

Edit: nvm I forgot basic math, the pick 6 idea wasn’t a bad guess though"
my body is ready lol
Lamar Jackson
Well he has a few pick 6’s
Damn I thought the message was Kaare Vedvik were #6 and we traded him for Marcus Peters essentially but the 2+4 thing works too
What happened to that guy that was doing everyone that wore that number everyday?
Woohooo
[removed]
""
"Welcome to the Owners of Useless Running Back Merchandise Club. 

Signed, an owner of an Alex Collins Jersey."
Why would you think Justice Hill would be any more than a change of pace 3rd down option?
He could still be great man. Maybe he'll be like a change of pace god like Sproles.
Buy low sell high. This is just another buying opportunity.
3rd string running back didn't hold his value? I'm surprised
""
"Uhh do we really allow any shitposts here now? I mean come on, the only link with the Ravens is your jersey. And the video quality is garbage"
"This is a Ravens subreddit. The only thing Ravens-related is your shirt, and I am not sure that qualifies."
GET OFF MY LAWN
[deleted]
"I’m anxious as always about the opening game being a divisional game. Harbs is 9-3 on opening day and we’re usually very well prepared and I bet we come in with a chip on our shoulder since they ran all over us last year in week 3. 

I think we get the win, but I’ll be more conservative and say something like 24-13. But would love to see a beat down like 39-3."
"Browns fan here. I think the 8-point spread in favor of your team (which will prob go down a couple points as we get closer to Sunday) is fair. There are a few reasons why:  

-Our brand new LT, Jedrick Wills, has reportedly had a tough time in camp. Granted, he had to move from RT (which he played at Bama) and he was going up against a fully-healthy Oliver Vernon but he will be protecting Baker's blind side. I'm not sure if I like that going up against your pass rush  
-In addition to Wills' foibles, C JC Tretter has been battling injuries through camp. As of today (9/7) he's back to practicing, but he's the anchor of our OL and if he's not ready that's going to be a problem.  

-We have a solid starting four on our DL but lack depth. I expect to get a good pass rush going against your OL but I don't expect it to last into the 2nd half.  

-Our LB corps is easily the weakest part of our team. Only Takitaki is a known commodity with Mack being out. If your RBs or Lamar make it to the 2nd level, that could spell trouble for us.  

-Losing S Grant Delpit was a huge blow, although I would think that he's technically an unknown commodity as a rookie; having Harrison step in takes a load of that weight off. But after Harrison I'm not sure how good our safeties will be. Our CBs are money though.  

-Baker has been inconsistent. Most of these inconsistencies have been in the early part of camp--he's since smoothed out the rough edges and he looks pretty good now--but if he struggles again like he did last year, the game could easily get out of hand.  

-New coach and offensive scheme. With not OTAs and preseason, this is gonna be difficult to streamline. We might do better in the 2nd half of the season if Stefanski is worth his salt and we avoid major injuries but I don't expect our offense to be ready beyond the first couple scripted drives. We are as talented as anyone on offense but it's going to be an uphill battle to gel on time.  

Let me know if you have any questions and I'll do my best to answer them."
"Ravens are gonna win big. 

-Look at our recent week 1 score lines. Absolute domination over the past 3 years. 

-Cleveland has a brand new coaching staff that had a shortened offseason. Yikes

-Cleveland’s defense is a massive liability. Billings opting out will hurt an already weak run defense. Many unknowns in the LB and secondary. Expect a heavy dose of Ingram and Dobbins. 

-Chubb will get his yards, but I think ultimately our defense will limit him and the play action. 

Final score: Ravens 38 Cleveland 10"
31-17 Ravens
The only chance they have is to ~~this part is not getting published on reddit~~.
34-13 ravens
"Stressed for this. We always seem to struggle against the Browns and, as always, they have the potential to be good this year. Hopefully this isn’t the year they finally click"
Just got goosebumps. I’m so glad football is back 🥰
I shouldn't have watched this bc I'm all pumped now.
Blood bath
Good write up my man. Thanks for this.
Ravens win 42-14. Lamar throws 3 TDs and 300+ yards.
33-20 Ravens. Mayfield with a late 4th quarter TD to make it look like less of a drubbing. Lamar throws an INT at one point but is otherwise the MVP of the game.
Ravens dominate 35-10
Can anyone send me a link to stream the game tmrw ?
""
"It's just Harbaugh's usual ""rookies to the back of the line"" thing. Having Patrick Queen be the day one starter is quite unusual for him."
"Hollywood was listed as the WR3 going into last years season debut.

He then had 150 yards and 2 TDs in week 1


This depth chart means notbing"
"This depth chart was put out by the public relations team, not the coaches. Harbaugh won’t even tell the media who is starting at right guard on Sunday, he’s not going to break down the order of every position so the other team knows what to expect. This is just something to create buzz and keep fans interested until the season starts."
I really wouldn't worry about the 2/3/4 spots on the RB depth chart at this time. Playing well will move you up.
Harbs doesn’t like depth charts.
These aren’t official depth charts. Just the ravens media making them.
[this should explain it](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1303021249854148611?s=20)
"Also, surprised to see Snead at PR since he's only returned one punt in his entire career(and only 3 KR too)."
"I wouldn't read too much into it this chart has Moore listed behind Hollywood and he's not even playing yet, also I feel like Dobbins may be in that pass catching TE3 spot on some plays"
"Proche isn’t listed as starting punt returner, but he is definitely going to start there by all accounts he won the position battle."
DEEP DEPTH
Fantasy owners in shambles!
Fluker at Rg us more interesting probably means Phillips starts lol
"This offense runs on such a rotation, I don't think it will matter.  Also, telling other teams who to scheme for is silly."
depth chart is made by pr team not the coaches
Hey guys! Just wanted to open a discussion and see what the flock expects out of Jaylon this year. I’m super hopeful that he can take the next step in being an edge-setter. Hopefully McPhee can help mentor him and help him become the pass rusher we all hope for!
"Jaylon Ferguson and Miles Boykin are the two non-rookies whose progress this season will likely define us.  We'll be a good team even if we get very little from those two, but if we can get breakout seasons from one or both, the sky's the limit."
"I expect him to have 2 more quality seasons, then put up 15 sacks in the last year of his rookie deal then sign elsewhere (see Z, McPhee, Kruger, etc)"
"Fergunsun missed a good amount of training camp with an undisclosed back injury.  I don’t expect him to get more time snaps at OLB then Bowser or McPhee at least for the first couple games, but he will see more snaps at OLB then Ward."
"Per Wink, Jaylon came into camp in great shape.  Wink had said last year that Jaylon didn’t really get into pro shape until about halfway through the season. I think the offseason additions of Campbell and Wolfe will help get him more favorable matchups and one-on-ones this season. By year two the game generally starts to slow down for guys and they usually make a sizable jump in productivity. I would wager Jaylon improves this season and has around 8-9 sacks."
"This year? I expect nothing of him. Develop, get a few snaps, don’t embarrass yourself, and I’ll be pleased. That being said, I mean develop. I expect the kid to break into a starting role 1-2 seasons from now"
"My conservative hope for Ferg is something similar to Bowser last year. Around 5 or 6 sacks, but kinda streaky, with maybe one or two big splash plays that make a casual fan go “who the hell is Jaylon Ferguson”."
hopeful but not super optimistic
"Honestly, I don't expect much more than what we got from last year. He's still fat as hell and there's been nothing coming out of camp that he adding any other moves to his arsenal. I want him to succeed so bad, but I'm not gonna get excited until I see something on field.

I really wish we had a preseason lol"
Seems like the ravens tried to do some funky trade of Clowney.  Maybe they didn’t see Jaylon stepping up in practice or maybe they thought getting Clowney was too good to be true.
Ferguson got a lot of playing time as a rookie and was... not good. Most 3rd rounders don't pan out and I think it's very unlikely he does.
[deleted]
C'mon now.
Can’t do much with logos because of copyright and trademark
""
"Sooo, can someone smarten me up on cap stuff here. If we traded for him from the jags, wouldn’t we still be stuck with the contract? Or would the jags eat some of it, thus making this a thing where jags are buying draft pics?"
Imagine if EDC got us Hopkins and Clowney... This man already stole 2 all pros he almost did it again lol. EDC is always ready to make something happen.
"Basically, the Jags would pay him more money up front and then trade him to use for a high draft slot. Effectively “buying” a draft pick from us. Other leagues do this, NFL has not allowed it."
"Even if it didn't work out, I love EDC thinking outside of the box."
"Coming from a casual ravens fan, who do we have such a good relationship with in the Jaguars organization. 

Ravens seem to always be linked to their players and have traded with them with Campbell now.

Is this a Eric Decosta thing?"
"Well, at least he wanted to come here. Time to move on and get ready for those Browns...."
This confirms he's not good enough to overcome the cap hit we'd take.
all this is telling me is that we’re gonna be right back here next FA
"Still don’t know why NFL doesn’t allow sign and trades like these. It’s a win-win for both teams. Jags get draft capital, but eat a portion of cap for Clowneys bonus, and Ravens would get Clowney and he’d take up less cap."
I’m not too keen on Clowney anyway I don’t think he hustles on defense which is our culture on that side of the ball
This year it makes sense to carry more cap into the season. Never know who might opt out or be ruled out due to positive tests. Smart to keep a larger Emergency fund
No cap
Soooo we can think Judon and a pick?
"In this thread: downvote anyone that thinks we could have used some EDGE help, or anyone that calls out what a massive circle jerk this thread is."
 If they really wanted him they would’ve made it happen. Pretty frustrating that it’s always “the Ravens almost did this” or “almost did that” and almost never “the Ravens did that” 😑
""
Hot takes get clicks don't take it personally
"What’s crazy to me is the blind faith in Big Ben. He’s 38 years old, coming off a season ending surgery, and was trending downwards even before that. I might actually be less surprised by Joe Burrow balling out or Baker having a resurgence than Ben being good again."
It’s actually crazy to me the lack of confidence nationwide in this team. 12-4 team minimum.
cowboys winning the super bowl is just weird
Lol. Chiefs the only team in the league with more than 11 wins? These writers are really trying to get those last “preseason” clicks.
As if bruh
No way we'd lose that many games.
"Dude, you can find a reporter to say anything. People arent doubting us"
See I’m a browns fans who likes to visit here and shoot the shit here once and awhile (always come in peace). Even I know that the Ravens are the best team in the North at the moment. Big Ben has to prove it that he can stay healthy and that he still has it. You can’t pick against the Ravens until another team proves to be worthy.
Sons of bitches...
"We all should relish being a underdog. It makes it that much better when we kick the shit out of every body in the division fuck the browns,the Steelers and the Bengals"
The way it should be. Let them sleep.
I like it better that way
"[https://awfulannouncing.com/cbs/cbs-announces-2020-nfl-broadcast-pairings.html](https://awfulannouncing.com/cbs/cbs-announces-2020-nfl-broadcast-pairings.html)

Week 1 will be presented by the new pairing of Ian Eagle and Charles Davis"
Fouts was really good from like 88-2000ish.   He would sometimes drop gems that no one else could even approach about how plays develop.   Too bad we have to get old.
"Not related but I never understood how Kevin Harlan isn’t the 1st slot with Tony Romo but especially how he isn’t even the 2nd slot. Dude is arguably the best play-by-play commentator in the business right now and he’s on the 3rd slot for CBS that gets the boring games no one watches (However because of this, he got to call Lamar’s spin on the Bengals that made that play even more legendary.)"
Gerry “the Hard G” Sandusky or no one.(maybe Romo and Sharpe)
Best news of 2020.
also the fact we are getting announcing groups means football is back dude i officiay got excited its Browns week
That really was a friendly reminder because I completely forgot about this
Real shit?
Thank the lord
"Loved him as a QB after the Colts left.

Fucking hated him as a commentator.

Anti ravens motherfucker."
"Sucks too b/c Fouts is an all time great. Best San Diego 
QB ever. Old age a bitch."
Best sports news of 2020? Maybe!
Why tf was dolphins pats picked for Nantz and Romo over us lmao
Ion Eagle sounds like a ship from Star Wars that could make the Kessel run in 9 parsecs
This sub hates him too? He was loathed at /r/chargers because he would try to be so unbiased he came across as charger hating... and he seemed to really have a problem with Rivers after he broke all of Fouts records.  But why does /r/ravens hate him too?
Thank you God for your eternal kindness.
"Charles Davis is my favorite, love that we’ll more than likely get him more than once a year now."
I much prefer Dan Fouts over Madden guy
Are there any other ATL Ravens fans on here?  I’m looking for a place to watch the game when’re I’m not going to be the one dude in purple sitting at a booth alone.  Any recommendations for a bar or even a watch party community in the Atalanta area.  If there’s not any already would anyone be interested in started our own?
Hudson Grill Midtown in ATL is home to watch parties for a group called Ravens Nation South. But I don’t know if they’re doing watch parties this season
"Hey Atlanta friend! I’m in Marietta and I’ll be steaming crabs for opening day. If you want the authentic experience let me know!

Disclaimer: I do have a newborn, so you might have to deal with crying. That said, drinking and crab eating will be done."
[deleted]
""
To this day. Best game I’ve ever watched.
This one of those plays that you will remember the exact place you were until the day you die haha
"Denver, Ravens, rest of the audience"
Damn I got so drunk after that win. What a game
I was positive it was going to be a 5th straight year of heartbreak in the playoffs before this. I'll never ever forget this play and how crazy me my brother and my friend went.
HAS IT AT THE 20
As a Ravens fan in Broncos country watching this play and winning the game was pretty tight
"https://youtu.be/FOeL1D8vMiI

Best view"
I think the guy who dropped his jaw is an accurate depiction of the Denver fans
"I could just be a happy clapper but I remember being so confident that Flacco could pull it off. Really wish I wasn't a UK Fan and could enjoy it with it my pals, but if Sunderland ever win something in my lifetime, I'm sure it'll be wild."
I remember getting up to turn off the TV before that series.  But then I figured if something big happened I would want to have seen it
Why you gotta do this fam?
Where can I find the clip of this play with the Baltimore announcers saying “has it at the 20!!”
Live in Denver and was watching with my Broncos fans friends. Fucking incredible
This will always be a great memory I can share with my Dad! By far the most exciting moment I’ve ever experienced watching sports.
One of the greatest moments ever in any sport fr .. tell me I'm wrong!!
I know i was that was xrazy.
""
I didn’t even know they made a new lamar pop. Just ordered! Lol
Nope and same for ray lewis
[deleted]
Hope it's not a pay league because you'll get creamed.
Yeah... youre gonna have a bad time lol
Week 8 is going to be a tough one.
Would’ve been cooler if you got Ingram and RG3
Is this a meme?
Week 8 gonna be a struggle
[deleted]
Because the NFL did not want to allow us to be that powerful.
What's the downside to sign and trades? Extra paper work?
""
The best thing to come from this was the people who said this mattered and Lamar was a shitty thrower switched up and all of a sudden said the Pro Bowl didn’t matter when Lamar won the game MVP 🤡
That's my quarterback
I want to do this
""
This is actually a good looking fantasy team. RG3 is a wasted bench spot IMO though.
Gl ur bye week lol
I have hollywood and Andrews also lol
I thought so too but I wanted to get him in case of injury or COVID for a spot start or two. I viewed him as my handcuff for LJ.
Crap I forgot to add Robert Woods as my flex.
I remember reading a post not too long ago here about someone wanting to start a league with people from the sub. Is that still happening or did it already happen? I’ve been trying to join a league with people who aren’t total strangers for a while. Thanks!
I'd join if we can set it up to draft tomorrow
Same
Ok everyone I started a group chat with everyone on this and another post of mine
""
OBJ is actually the No.2 receiver in Cleveland after all.
He let Humphrey shit all over him last year too.
"They don't call it the Cleveland Steamer for nothin'!

That should be OBJ's new nickname"
The No Jumper Podcast and Adam22 are absolutely garbage. Never trust shit they make up.
"Not sure if I believe this, seems like a shitpost"
Ain't those the same hoes who said they fucked the entire '17 Suns team? Bitches be lying.
Oh Odell be worrying about the Wrong Browns I guess
Browns fan here... just stopping by to make sure this news was being used in our rivals sub to its full advantage. Saw a Cleveland steamer joke. Carry on.
Makes sense that he went to the team called the Browns
"True or not, I really hope Marlo uses this to get in his head on Sunday"
You guys think OBJ catches the shit with one hand or two?
Idk she backpedals as soon as the host says “You did it?!” kinda sus
What a going on ere loool
Listening to those birds chirp was painful tbh
He must have some german roots in him
[deleted]
""
"He’s also admitted on air that they get assigned sides to take in order to make for interesting tv. 

Spoiler: every program does this, sports or otherwise. In a week Brandt will be for us winning the Super Bowl, it’s just how tv goes."
"Quick, to the pitch forks!"
"Hot Takes get Views. And free promotion on Reddit, like this."
Yeah but where did the homie Schrager have us?
Real question is did D'Angelo Hall predict Lamar winning another MVP? Is he even on the show?
"Who cares? If you get worked up by every negative comment out there, sports in general isn’t for you."
Come on KB. You’re better than that
Don't care
"Also picked the Squeelers to take it all this year, it’s just about appealing to large markets."
Byle Krant
That punk Kyle Brandt is a perennial Lamar Jackson and Ravens hater. Last year he bit his tongue several times having to give props to LJ and the Ravens but you could see his discomfort. Now he's out of the closet in his hate for Lamar Jackson. He is like this typical racist punk who is too scared to be open about it but keeps letting out whiffs of racist drivel so we know who he is.
I recently upgraded my CPU cooler to an nzxt z63 which can display any gif on it...sadly the only ravens logo version is just the head wiggling left and right
"dimensions, any other parameters i should know about? number of colors it can support? stuff like that. i guess i could just google it, but let's make it interesting here.

if you get me those, i'll think of something"
Just did a build with the z62! Subscribe.
"When I had just learned how to use After Effects, [I made this one](https://i.imgur.com/uKHbhuF.gif). It's simple but maybe it's what you need?

BONUS: [https://i.imgur.com/G4rodjc.gif](https://i.imgur.com/G4rodjc.gif)"
Surely there's a gif of Lamar's run against the Bengals.
Does it need to be a logo? I have one insanely high res gif from last season but it isn't the logo. I think it's Marlon clapping at a Texans pkauer but I'd have to check. Also have Lamar with one of his jukes against Seattle that's pretty HD.
""
We would have scored 70+ points if we left him in the whole game. The man just couldn't miss that day.
"Man, I pray we get a super bowl this year to shut up the haters. I’m just glad the season is starting soon though. This extended off season has been torture to wait through"
Crazy thing was he barely ran the ball that day
I love this man more than I love myself.
that’s my quarterback!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
After that game I told all my friends he'd be MVP. They laughed and said the Dolphins were bad so I couldn't base my call on anything 🤷‍♂️
Couldn’t watch it
"You mean ""One year ago today mexploder89 fell in love for the first time"""
"Man, Lamar is cool"
"My girlfriend lives in Hereford, right outside of PA, and i’m wondering if i can watch the games on Locast without having to purchase game pass."
Its baltimore county so i would assume so
You could just stream them online. PM if you need sites (the subreddit got deleted). I haven't had cable for a decade and have never missed any game I wanted to watch!
Its BalCo so i would assume yes
Of course.
Pretty sure you can even get the games in lower Pennsylvania.
They have electricity up there now?
"Clay Matthews and Cam Wake are still on the market and we have about $16m in cap space right now (not including the expected ET3 grievance which I believe will drop us to $12m). 

Would it be more worth it to get a team friendly 1 year deal on a veteran pass rusher, or is it more worth our while to let the cap roll over for when we eventually have to pay our young core?"
Both are washed.
Let's let Bowser ball out and work for his payday this year
I'd rather have Suggs back than either of those two.
Too many big in-house contracts on the horizon. Me personally I’d let it roll over.
"With the uncertainty around the cap next year and the need to pay Stanley, Humphrey and Lamar I'd say let it roll over. Since we didn't draft an EDGE we desperately need Ferguson to develop this year."
"Right now, ill let the cap roll over. We have a very good team. I would just let the young guys get more experience."
We don’t even need those players lol
I’m for letting it roll over. Cap is expected to shrink next year and we have some key players that we will want to try to sign
Everyone puts too much weight in people being veterans.
"If last season was any indication, they'll roll with our guys until they prove they need help and then we'll make a move"
"The trade deadline is still open and injuries happen so nobody should be too much in a hurry to spend what little bit of cap that is left. Let the process play itself out. Worst comes to worst, if money isn't spent it can be next year in a year where the cap is going to be reduced."
"Let it roll over as it stands, but if somebody gets hurt I wouldn’t hesitate to give either a call."
Rolling over cap space is dumb. A dollar of cap in 2020 is worth more than a dollar of cap in 2021 because the salary cap (except in extreme circumstances) inflates.
""
"I'm a simple man. I see a Dragon with a Lombardi, I upvote."
"Super stoked that we getting football on Thursday, in light of everything that's happened. And then over the moon that the Ravens play on Sunday. 

""Four chuggas is the correct amount of chuggas before a choo-choo."""
Seems weird we are going right into the regular season with no preseason games.
I see him throwing bombs to Perriman after he Darnold gets benched in week 6.
"My jersey is in a pile at the post office. 15m till i pick it up. 

Lj8 every gameday whilst in Seahawks territory, lets goooooo

Edit: **IM WEARING IT AND I FEEL SEXY**"
This was one of the best days of my life as a sports fan. I won on this day..
And on gameday we post art modell
We’re gonna shit on them!
Wait what? There has been so much going on this year kind of not paid attention to the dates getting pushed around and whatnot. Week one is this week?!
STUNT ON THESE HOE ASS BROWNIES
"Happy that NFL is back. 

And as always, nervous about a Ravens game.

20+ years of this and I still feel wound up before the kickoff.

Normally I'd say we crush the Brownies, but not any more. We beat them, but I say only by a field goal."
Elite photograph
Lamar Jackson is going to light up the NFL in ways it's never been lit before. Let's go!
I'm going Duvernay just to get weird with it
Patrick Queen since he's starting in the middle of the D
JK Dobbins
Queen will have the biggest impact throughout the season. But is what Dobbins will play a huge role for the last third of the season.
"Easily Queen, I mean he could have an average season and still lead us in tackles."
If we’re getting weird with it I’ll go with  Phillips winning the RG job three weeks in and having the biggest impact by solidifying the line
"queen is the only one starting, so him."
"Patrick Queen just as a product of being the starting Mike. But I can see JK getting the bulk of the attention, especially if Ingram goes down."
""
can confirm.
Good times...
"Wait, Dolphins?  I know the line, so does everyone else...

#FuckKikoAlonzo"
As a fan of both always hate this game
[deleted]
I'm sorry who?
"He was always kind of a jackass, I don't miss hearing from him or MDlaw whatever"
"I immediately unfollowed after he said that. If he had that opinion about the movie then that's fine, he's entitled to it. But my god learn to read the room."
"I watch basically no movies and didn’t even know who Chadwick Bozeman was until he died. Seems like he was a great dude though and fuck this guy for just being a contrarian asswipe,"
I guess if you dont get fired for being terrible at your job for years eventually you get fired for something dumb
Yeahhhh I unfollowed him a while ago. He's basically a closet racist
""
Flacco tied for 6th in all time playoff wins too. Found this one [here](https://www.highrises.com/nfl-quarterbacks-ranked-by-playoff-performance.php).
thats wild Brett Favre threw 30 interceptions across 13 games. Then there's Brady with 35 interceptions through 30 games
I’m not surprised that Flacco’s on the list given how we frequently we made a moderate to deep playoff run the first 7 seasons in his career but Dilfer made the list??? Trent “Defense told me they only need 3 pts” Dilfer???
Flacco just went into another gear when we got into the playoffs.
Also #30 Johnny U
the grading system seems kinda whack and arbitrary tbh. mostly volume stats randomly thrown together.
"Bottom line, everyone above Flacco is, or will be, in the hall of fame.


Edit:  Plenty below him too."
"> not mentioning Ravens Legend Steve McNair

Bastard"
"""playoff wins are quadruple weighted"""
Flacco is better than Ben
Unitas at 30 is fucking criminal
""
"That's my QB right there! Go get that Lombardy, Lamar!"
Those Oakleys are nice
""
Big Boi . . . No Lil' Boi!
For ever ever?
"Suggestion: Photoshop 'André 3000' to 'RG3' — after all, they do kinda resemble each other, face moles included — then you'll also have 'RG3000' standing beside & slightly behind (playing backup) to 'Mr. Jackson' aka ""Big Boi! No ~~Little~~ Lil' Boi!"""
"If I had Lamar this year, I would've done this. Instead I went more general and shopped Jameis Winston onto Larry David's face on the season 6 cover of Curb Your Enthusiasm. I call my team 'Curb Your Interception'."
Mine was “I’m Lamarry Ms Jackson” last year. This year it’s big truss
""
"TAke a look, y'all: IMG_4346.jpeg"
He’ll start at some point this year. Darnold isn’t great and Gase is gonna get desperate for his job at some point.
[Look at how they massacred my boy](https://i.imgur.com/5neOCPA.png)
Hopefully Jets don’t get a playoff berth.
"Lifelong Baltimore resident, just moved to FL to be closer to my mom. She lives about 30 mins south of Orlando. Looking for good suggestions on how I can watch the game (Covid-permitting of course)."
Sport surge
"I’m a Ravens fan in FL too. r/nflstreams used to be the best option for out-of-market fans, but they got shut down last year. [Sportsurge.net](https://sportsurge.net/#/groups/0) is the way to go now."
Nflbite.com
bilasport.net
"If you live in an apartment and are unable to get a direct tv satellite they’ll allow you to get just the Sunday ticket app, it’s like $60 a month for four months and you don’t have to have direct tv."
""
""
It's weird not seeing Yandas name on there
Is the Ravens PR chart again?
Exciting to see Patrick Queen as a day 1 starter. He’s in for a tough matchup from Nick Chubb but can hopefully show us his talents.
"Little surprised to see Chris Board above Malik Harrison on the chart, but otherwise pretty straight forward"
"I'm a bit surprised we're only carrying 2 TEs given we've be doing a lot of TE sets.  


I guess we do have 2 more on the practice squad."
"The Browns #1 wideout allegedly “Can’t wait to be shit on by the Ravens during the week one matchup”


EDIT: Thought id include my [source](https://www.totalprosports.com/2020/09/08/ig-model-tells-wild-story-of-odell-beckham-jr-allegedly-liking-to-be-pooped-on-video/)"
"Yepp, #13 of the Cleveland Steamers is ready to get dumped on! Who doesn't fancy themselves a nice chest poopy?"
Top quality literal shit post.
They should change the name on the back of his jersey to Steamer.
I mean come on
We do not kink shame except if he has a good game against us
A true #2 receiver
"OBJ plays both sides so he always wins. If the Browns win, he gets to enjoy the taste of victory. If he loses, he gets to enjoy getting shitted on by his opponent"
"This is the ravens subreddit. 

Let’s not talk about the lil homegirl and her kinks."
Why else do you think he allows Marlon to shit all over him every chance he gets eh?
OBJ eyein his girl on taco Tuesday
"I’m sure most are joking, but for those who think this is serious, I don’t think someone like an IG “model” who has had a stint with 6ix9ine and a child with Chief Keef can be taken as unpretentious and truthful





But then again, fuck OBJ and this would be hilarious if it’s actually true"
[OBJ has a pretty great response ngl](https://i.imgur.com/8NLUVFQ.jpg)
Why do you think he sign with the “BROWNS”. Guess it wasn’t cus of Jarvis
[...we have been](https://reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/ionpmt/so_thats_why_odell_went_to_the_brownsit_had/?ref=share&ref_source=link)
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I would say the opposite, that it's one of the weaker groups we've had in quite some time. Our strongest of this decade is probably 2010, 2011, or 2014."
""
We really need to moderate what gets posted.
"Source? I wouldnt be mad though, he was a baller at Iowa"
what?
Yeah no
[deleted]
""
I like the chairs
Like the table but hoping that tray doubles for rolling during pregame
""
"Is it weird that I’m not as hype, probably because no preseason, and I’m kind of worried about us living up to the hype lol"
Not gonna watch thursdays game?
[deleted]
Heck yeah. Bought my Big Truss shirt. I can't get enough Ravens shirts!!
That Big Truss shirt is outstanding. I might have to pick one of them up.
Thought they couldn't get the rights for big truss so it became truzz?
Fire designs if I’m being honest.
For me it's Always Terrell Suggs  i would always be excited to watch and see what he was going to say or what he was going to do.
Ed Reed. He continued to find ways to amaze week in and week out.
Ray Lewis. Something about the squirrel out of the tunnel always got me so hype
This year it’ll be Yanda for me. He was one of the few lineman that was actually fun to watch
Todd Heap.
Jamal Lewis running behind Ogden on the left side was amazing to watch.
"Reeeeeeeeed.

With the way this team is now, in his heyday?
Crazy."
Dennis Pitta
All these flacco posts lately got me missing the dragon.
"Beyond the most popular choices in Lewis, Reed, Suggs... I'd probably go with Ngata & to a certain degree, Webb."
Jermaine Lewis
Torrey Smith. Dude could fly.
"My favorite all time raven before Lamar came into my world, was cmac... he was an absolute monster some of those seasons. 03 he was the best corner in the league. I hated the way it ended with him here. It was nice to see him do some pep rally stuff last year though."
"Reed would be my first choice, but lots of people picked him.  Runner up would be Boldin.  Dude made some amazing catches."
"Matt Stover. I never ever thought at the time we could have a better kicker in the future. But man oh man, Stover was the only offense on this team for a long time."
"Ray, Reed, Suggs, obviously.

but also Q, Jacoby and Torrey. Pitta, Flacco, Ngata, McClain, Vonta, and more.

There have been a lot of damn good players on this team."
"Throwback choice just cuz I wanted to go a different route then everyone else.

Jarret fucking Johnson.

Never a splashy guy but always doing his job and always in position. Miss you JJ"
Ray Lewis. It was like going to church.
"The greatest trio of Ray, Ed, and Suggs"
"I feel like you should just say exclude Ray and Ed because those are all time nfl greats, who doesn't miss watching them?  Outside of tbose two, I miss Suggs, especially when steelers week comes around. And Anquan."
""
 Absolutely love it! I want that one.
Thats amazing!
[deleted]
Zero out of ten for timeliness of post and creativity of content
[deleted]
"This is really a repost bc I posted late last night asking if anyone wanted to start a quick fantasy league among the great people in this sub. I remember seeing something about exactly this a while back and have no idea if anything came about that. 

I have two people who responded to my post from last night so I need at least a couple more. Aiming for at least 6 or whatever the minimum number is for a traditional draft. 

COME JOIN"
What site
"Which site, when is the draft and standard categories or ppr?"
I’m down if it’s on espn
Ill join if theres room
I’ll join
Started a reddit group chat with you guys and two guys from another post of mine
[deleted]
The narrator here sounds like Dave Chappelle playing Clayton Bigsby.
That’s all lmao
hehe the browns move finally makes sense
How much would it cost to fill a section of M&T with pictures of Cartman's mom?
Ol Dirty Beckham
OBMJ
I just want the best of Peters trash talker rn
He's only played for two teams who opponents shit on every week
""
""
Honestly so true
Does anyone actually argue in good faith he’s a bust or just point out that he hasn’t played well in the playoffs yet? I don’t think those are the same arguments
"Home playoff game*

Point stands but nobody is slighting Lamar for not winning a SB. 

Also, we dont focus enough on the fact that last year was his first full season."
"If Josh Allen loses the first playoff game he has this season, will he get the same hate as Lamar?"
"For real, does nobody remember Peyton Manning early in his career?"
Man went 14-2 in his first full season and led us to the number one seed... who could possibly say he is a bust.
"IM HIP it pisses me off. Literally no one has this much pressure to win a fucking playoff game than Lamar. Any argument against Lamar is invalid and biased af. He's not the best QB in the league, but people expect him to play like one. Like what?"
Big facts 🗣🗣🗣
"Speak for yourself,SAS. They hate in him for no reason. Like Speak for yourself had a segment where they said. “Is it super bowl or bust?” And they all said bust. Like chill out he’s 23"
"Worst part about this season; after last year's game against the Titans, the Ravens could go 16-0 but no one will care until we win in the playoffs."
"Legit played 2 play off games in 1.5 seasons and people hate. His record is 20-4, 2 loses in playoffs. And he's a bust 🙃. Many QBs have not even made playoffs. Dalton has never won one in his career. Anytime someone hates LJ I know they cry themselves to sleep at night."
People call Lamar a bust? 👀 I'm a Chiefs fan but that boy is good.
"Who’s calling Lamar overrated? We need to strap them to a chair, and hook there eyelids open and make them watch last seasons film..."
Sounds about white
Nobody thinks Lamar is an overrated bust. And if the do they don’t know football.
If I had to guess folks are salty about that Titans loss at home. But damn his record and stats are still 🔥🔥
bruh nobody says this calm down
"To be fair, people said the same thing about Peyton Manning when he threw 1,000 INTs his rookie season 😂😂"
"No one is saying Lamar is a bust right now, he's on the cover of Madden ffs. This victim complex is boring."
"Be careful with those mobile qbs, a couple of clean shots from nfl defenders will change anyones game plan for good. Cam wasnt the same after his mvp season thanks to the broncos D in the first game the year after."
"So ima season holder, I know in july they announce cancellation/refunds, etc. and that they may allow up to 14,000 fans. Is there any more info on that? Like to get single game tickets. Think they mentioned  season seat holders would have preference how when there's more ticket holders than available seats?"
No fans for first few games
Wonder if we can do a massive tailgate outside of the stadium to lend our voices thisnmight be counter productive tho
""
[deleted]
""
What did blocks did u use?
beast
""
This made me chuckle. Well done.
The only hard hit i remember from last year was when Boyle blew the block along the sideline.
It’s always funny when people say “just keep hitting him he won’t run anymore” like yea that’s the hard part you can’t hit what you can’t catch
[deleted]
bruh this is just an oakley ad. As far as I know he's not allowed to wear any tinted visors on gameday.
This is an ad
"He can’t wear the training camp one during games, no player has ever been allowed to"
""
""
"I *love* the Bank, but it is a little .... Nondescript... Compared to some other stadiums. 

Like look at how absolutely beautiful Camden Yards is. The Bank is my 2nd home, but it's not exactly very special to anyone who doesn't already love the Ravens."
this is fine with me.  rather have a great atmosphere in a basic stadium than a basic crowd in a great stadium.
"Yeah, probably. There's nothing that outstanding about it"
"There’s nothing wrong with the Bank, and if anything the Ravens should be commended for extending its life with all the recent upgrades they’ve been making to it.

It’s only “fault” is that it’s “old” (it actually kind of blows my mind that it’s the 10th oldest stadium in the league right now and it’s only 22 years old) and was built before the stadium arms race kicked off in the mid-to-late 2000s.

At any rate, we have one of the most exciting, stacked teams in the league led by a generational talent at QB. We don’t need gimmicky stadiums when the product on the field is so good."
"M&T Bank construction cost (not including renovations): $220 million dollars

Allegiant Stadium (number one in this list): $1.84 billion dollars

Sofi Stadium:  $5 billion dollars

Looking at the numbers I'm good with the Bank for however long they want to continue upgrading it.  New football stadiums are just so absurdly expensive.

I fear what will happen if Bisciotti dies or sells the team but hopefully that won't be for a long time."
"Stadium 6.5/10, home advantage 9.5/10"
My dad and I went to the Ravens vs Falcons a few years ago and their stadium is an otherworldly experience
Seems about right if it’s just about the building itself
We have the best Stadium in the division at least but yeah.
"I had a decent experience when I went to the Bank. The stadium was what you'd expect, though. It wasn't special or unique."
seems ok to me. been driving by it every night on the way to work and every morning on the way home for like the last ten years lol.
""
If Odell wanted to be shat on he could have just waited till Sunday against Marlon.
""
"Who is this? 

A...punter you say? Yeah, we don’t need one of those."
i love Koch
GOAT
Need this so bad.
Remember that Super Bowl scramble in the endzone? Unfff. Epic Koch.
Opinion: Sam Koch is every bit the rock star GOAT at his position that Justin Tucker is.
"I'm starting my training now to be able to handle [6 wildcard games in 2 days.](https://www.si.com/nfl/2020/03/30/nfl-playoff-expansion-cbs-nbc-wild-card-games) Between pregame shows, Post game shows and the games, we could looking at 32 hours over two days!"
So fucking excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[Alternate #4 pic](http://imgur.com/gallery/oeScwE2)
[removed]
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Week-1-NFL-Picks-ejbtpk](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Week-1-NFL-Picks-ejbtpk)

Ravens got this one"
Lmao this was great
""
"Wow, here in the Philly market we are getting Chargers vs Bengals? WTF?"
"What with the random patches in east iowo/nw illinois, and northern michigan/minnesota/wisconsin?"
"I had already checked my local listings in Canada, no Ravens game this week. I really don't want to have to buy DAZN."
Oklahomies like the ravens huh
"Welcome back to Lucky Guess - where everyone is tied for first (or is that tied for last).   Either way, lets get this party started! 

** Week 1**

** Browns @ Ravens**

**Guesses submitted after 12/13/20 at 1pm EST will not be counted.**

**Scoring will be as follows:**

* 6 points: final score (with winner)  
* 3 points: How many different RAVENS players will score touchdowns
* 1 point: Distance of the longest RAVENS touchdown play (rushing or passing) (none, 1-25 yds, 26-44 yds, 45+ yds) 

#Good luck!"
"51-14 Ravens, 5 players, 69 yard longest Hollywood."
"34-17 Ravens

3

26-44 yards"
"View in your timezone:  
[12/13/20 at 1pm EST][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20201213T1800?tl=Lucky%20Guess%202020%20(Week%201)"
"27-13 ravens

3 players score

45+ yards"
"28-24 Ravens 

3

1-25"
"28-14 BAL

2 players

45+ yards

Thank you for doing this. Always enjoyed it."
"31-13 Ravens

4

26-44"
"24-17 ravens

3

45+ yards"
"28-17 Ravens

4 players

26-44 yds"
"45-24 Ravens

5 players

26-44"
"31-16 Ravens

3 players

1-25 yds"
"31-21 Ravens  
3  
1-25 yards"
"61 - 3 Ravens

5

45+

This will include a ST and Defensive TD 😎"
"35-23 Ravens 

4

50+ yard touchdown"
"27-16 Ravens

3

1-25"
"48-17 ravens, 5 scorers, 45+"
"35-17 
4
55 yard bomb to Hollywood"
[deleted]
"52-10 Ravens win

4 

45+"
"21 - 17 Ravens

2

1-25 yds"
"Why is there only a 18 yard window for mid range touchdowns?

Do special teams TDs count?

Longest TD should be 1-19, 20-50, 51+ or something that gives the shortest TDs the smallest range and the longest TDs the largest range. It's called the red zone for a reason. To have the shortest range end 5 yards outside of the red zone seems weird. Maybe even 1-15, 16-40, and 41+.  I don't know the distribution of NFL touchdowns by yardage, but 1-25 and 45+ seems completely arbitrary."
"36 - 21 ravens 

4

44+ yards"
"38 - 23

4

45+"
"34-13 ravens

3 

1-25 yards"
"-	27-24 Ravens
-	4
-	26-44 yards"
"38-20 Ravens

4

26-44 Yards (Lamar Jackson Passing Touchdown to Mark Andrews, 42 Yards)"
"31-17 Ravens

3

26-44 yards"
"31-13 Ravens

3

45+ yards"
"43-17
4
45+"
"35-0 Ravens, 3, 45+"
"31-20 Ravens

4

26-44"
"27-10 Ravens

2 

26-44"
"31-13 Ravens

4 different players

26-44 yards"
"38-17 Ravens

4 players w/ TDs

45+ yards Hollywood Brown"
"Ravens 38 Cleveland 17

4 Ravens score (Ingram, Hollywood, L Freaky, Mandrews)

Longest Ravens touchdown 26-44"
"35-14 Ravens, 3 players, 1-25"
"34-13 Ravens, 3 Ravens players with a TD, 45+ yd score"
"35-17, 3-4, 26-44"
"31-17 Ravens
3
26-44 yards"
"28-20 Ravens win

3

26-44"
37-17 Ravens. 4 players. Long of 61 yards on a run play from Dobbins.
"27 - 19 Ravens

3

1-25 yards


Side note: can these threads get pinned? I like doing these but I always miss em."
"27-14 Ravens 
3 different ravens 
45+ yards"
"28 17 ravens 
 
3

35 yrds"
"24-10 Ravens

2

45+ yards (Hollywood taking an end around the distance from 62 yards out in the 4th quarter to put the game officially out of reach)"
"36-14, 4, 75 yarder pass to Hollywood. Belee dat."
"27-24 Ravens 

2

18 yards"
"24-10 Ravens
3
26-44"
"21-14 Ravens
2 Ravens
1-25 yards"
"35-20, 4, 26-44"
"27-20 Ravens

3

1-25"
"34-20 Ravens, 3 different players, 45+ Rush Dobbins"
"38-12 Ravens

3 players

26-44 yards"
"26-21 ravens

4 (yes we try 2 point conversions and fail)

26-44 yards"
"31-16 Ravens 

4 different ravens score 

Longest TD will be a 64 yard PUNT RETURN"
""
"Been running this for 5 years now. Usually see more than 5,000 predictions from fans from all 32 teams and get some interesting information out of it.  Here is last years [preseason prediction survey](https://public.tableau.com/profile/tblausey#!/vizhome/DraftNFL2019/rNFL2019PreseasonPredictionSurvey ). 

In 2016, the Cowboys had the highest homer bias score (68%), and the Seahawks, followed closely with a (65%) bias score, as the rest of the league was on the Cardinal bandwagon. Both won their divisions.

In 2017, I poked fun at the Jags, Bills and Rams fan bases, all of whom had 70%+ bias scores, calling them delusional. Many were huge underdogs coming into the year. I was left eating crow as they all made the playoffs.

I cannot find any reference to this in 2018, but I know I did one.

In 2019 the Titans scored the highest homer bias score ever of 80%, and Vikings came in second with 75%. While neither won their division, both over performed in the playoffs."
"This will be very interesting to go back to, mate. I’m a Ravens fan and have backed them to win - only a little fan bias there, ha ha - but there are some absolutely fascinating match ups and scenarios to play out this year again. Thanks for putting this together. Very slick."
[deleted]
""
I know it hurts but it’s very unlikely we keep all of our young core. Lamar is probably the only one guaranteed to get his next contract.
"If we can somehow keep the big 3 (Lamar, Stanley, Humphrey) we should be in good shape for years to come"
"If Andrews expects to reset the tight end market he’s sorely mistaken.  The gap between Kittle/Kelce and the rest is pretty pronounced.  If he wants money to reset the market I say the Ravens make the hard decision in letting him walk, because we are a tight end factory anyways."
"I think it ends up being closer to 35 for Lamar, 18 for humphrey, 22 for stanley, and 10-12 for Andrews. No way he gets 15 mil per year."
"I know this seems heartbreaking, but this could more doable than you think

in 2022+ after the COVID dust has settled, we can expect the Cap will be a fair bit higher than the current figure of $198m. Maybe 2021 takes a step back or experiences no increase, but when we get into the meat of these big contracts in 2022/2023, let's assume the cap is up to $225m

$98m for our big 4 contracts divided by $225m = 43%. And this is assuming totally flat contracts - they will naturally be at least a little bit back-loaded to account for increasing cap. The actually % would likely be more like 37.5ish

Currently, our top 4 cap hits (Judon, Peters, B Will, Stanley) = 30% of our cap

So 30%, with most of our impact players on rookie deals, vs. 37.5-40% if we pay our top guys seems like a reasonable shift. I'm too lazy to look, but I'm guessing plenty of teams with veteran QBs are in that 35-40% range

If we just negotiate the best deals possible, spend the rest of the money very carefully, and continue to draft well, we can totally do it."
"LJ, Stanley and Hump are the only ones id bet that are getting resigned.


Andrews and Hollywood would be a tier down


The ones id be shocked if we resigned in 1-3 years are Peters, Orlando Brown, Judon, Brandon Williams and Ingram. For various reasons."
[deleted]
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/wrgvn5oxy5m51.gif?format=mp4&s=3c1ab680323cb5014c3d96bcf9d7e425f9a9603b)

---
This mp4 version is 97.56% smaller than the gif (144.34 KB vs 5.79 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
[deleted]
""
He better take a shit on OBJ first
"Watching the bills pay a better player less money and now knowing we'll have to bite the bullet sucks... Here's to hoping the combination of Marlons love for the team and his smaller ego help us get a more reasonable amount.

I'd love to see him play his whole career with us, but if contracts like this and Mosleys are out there, it doesn't look so promising"
? What happened?
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/dc9edliu06m51.gif?format=mp4&s=5334aa4e0b62b1354a0330e918e659a627881dea)

---
This mp4 version is 97.56% smaller than the gif (144.34 KB vs 5.79 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
""
I thought this was the Church of Lamar
There's already r/beleers
Go on...
"apologies if this is the wrong place for this; please redirect me if i'm being dumb (the wiki is very outdated re: NYC bars)

1. Horsebox is closed (looks permanent)
2. Is Mustang Harry's showing games outside? Tried calling and can't tell if they're open or not...
3. Have also heard JoJos Philosophy & Central Bar may be options - curious if folks have heard anything about the potential for watching outside there or elsewhere this season?
4. Big Truzz!!!"
"Really hoping Horsebox ain't closed for good. Just moved to Manhattan last year and absolutely loved going out there for Ravens games. My friend said she she saw a For Rent sign in front of it recently, which isn't a great sign.

I'm just planning to watch at home because I don't know of any other Ravens bars in the area, but if anyone can shed light about those other spots, might have to check it out later this season"
"What's up, fellow New Yorker and Ravens fan checking in here. Hoping there is still some kind of way for us to root together safely!"
"Update - [Kent Ale House](http://www.kentalehouse.com/) just told me via phone that they'll have outdoor tables and all the games on... sourced the spot from an old post in the ""NYC Fans of Baltimore Ravens"" facebook group. No giants game till Monday night so may be easier to get a table etc... I'll be in a baby-shit-brown Lamar jersey (if it works it works) - come say whats up!"
"Hey guys! I thought it would be cool if we had a post every Friday about exciting position battles that will be happening with each weekly opponent. For example Odell & Marlo.. Miles Garret & Stanley.. Etc. It could be cool to see each players stats, what they are good at, and their weight/height comparisons. 

&#x200B;

I thought it would be a fun idea, but to be honest i'm not sure if I have the time or football knowledge to even create such a post. Maybe a few sub regulars can recommend someone to help create these.

&#x200B;

What do you guys think? Thought it would be something exciting to look forward to each week. 

Thanks!"
I'm excited to see Baker Mayfield vs. Chuck Clark. Supposedly Kevin Stefanski has implemented a new offensive system that simplifies reads for him to make it run faster; looking forward to watching Clark try to crack it.
"good idea for a weekly thread!

I think the match-ups I'm most excited for are:

Hollywood vs. Denzel Ward - can hollywood pop-off in his first game back? huge hopes for him this year

Front 7 vs. Browns run game - Browns have a great run-game. I feel pretty confident we'll win the game in the end, but the performance of Wolfe, Campbell, and Williams back at Nose Tackle will be fun to watch. Very curious to see how our revamped run defense will hold up. Patrick Queen as well of course"
I’m most interested in our LBs vs their TEs. Njoku and Hooper vs a LJ Forte and Queen (rookie). I think that their WRs are talented enough to limit our DBs helping the short passes. That should test our LB corps.
Stanley vs Garrett is a big one
[deleted]
Ahhhh I’m so amped for the season to finally be here
Why does this look like a miniature lmao.
"This is dope, he looks like an action figure"
"What is this, an MVP for ants?"
Is there anywhere selling that jersey? I’d love one or twenty.
Has anyone made a really sweet looking printable schedule that I can hang on my wall this season? Thanks!
 I just use the one from the [official homepage](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/schedule/): [direct pdf link](https://static.clubs.nfl.com/image/upload/v1595524664/ravens/nusjnoxpqvmztixiu3zq.pdf)
""
Nobody says that while mentioning he did that while sitting on the bench for a game as well as several 4th quarters...
"This IS quite friendly, thank you"
Not bad for a throw run guy.
"This IS, thank you"
This IS quite Lamar. thank you.
"This IS quite a reminder, thank you."
"He did this in his 1st Full year as QB.  Sky is the fucking limit.  Sorry, that didn’t come off as friendly."
bUt HeS 0-2
Yessir
I’ll drink a cold beer to this.
Lamarkable! - Ian Eagle
"Guys I found out something interesting. 

In 16 years of football Big Ben's [highest total passing touchdowns was 34 TDs](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/R/RoetBe00.htm).

In Lamar's first full season, he threw 36. Pretty neat, right?"
Another reminder that Lamar threw for more TDs and less INTs than Tom Brady as well.
This
This IS quite an accomplishment.
This does put a smile on my face
I'm getting *very* friendly vibes from this post. Thanks OP!
wh0a !
Not bad for a running back.
And the fact the 2019 team set the record for most rushing yards EVER  and lamar still had the most TDs lol
"When their afraid of your run, it leaves the passing tds wide open."
The hell? Did everyone here just read the Ringer article
Cue the Mahomies.. lol
Who were you you magnificent bastard?
Idk if this season is ready for him.
"Fuck yeah I am. It'll be posted on Sat, 9 PST on time!! Belee dat."
"Shit, after making us a laughingstock, he better be

Edit: what's wrong with what I said? His post is the reason a lot of us got clowned"
Fuck that guy
That’s my fucking QB
Could have left out the Chiefs bit but I'm with you. 19-3 is my QB. GOAT.
Hot take we can go 9-7 but if we beat the Chiefs we’ll be in the super bowl
But has Lamar ever won on a Wednesday afternoon in Mexico? Didn't think so..
He's 20-3 bc he went 7-1 and 13-2 (RG3 started vs Steelers)
Just here to remind you all that he’s 0-2 in the playoffs 😬
[removed]
"Counterpoint: Jackson, Lamar"
🐐?
MVP
I concur
[LAMAR JACKSON](https://imgflip.com/i/4efa56)
Lamar Jackson
From now on.. ALL CAPS WHEN YOU SPELL THE MANS NAME I was think is suiting for him on this sub
Best eva?
[deleted]
In Harbaugh's name. Amen.
"If any team's fans are not optimistic and excited at this time of year, what's the point? But taking off from where the Ravens were last year, with all they added in between, how can you not believe this team was built to kill it. And they are so much fun, too. Let's take it further."
and pray for healthy players
I don't know why but I just don't have much excitement for football this year. I just don't really care.
""
Tight
[deleted]
Letting CJ walk is looking like the right move between injuries last year and opting out this year. Guy is flat out not worth 17m per year to a team that develops LBs well. We have too many high cost positions to lock up in the next 2-3 years to throw that money around.
"Queen is made for what most people think LBs are going to have to be in the future which is essentially coverage first players in the middle of the field. Harrison is probably better suited to the physical game so it should be good to have both.

The Mosley thing I disagree with. I think we've built a stronger team by spreading out that money to guys like Peters and Campbell."
"Is this a hunch or do you have a reason for thinking that? Also letting CJ walk was 100% the right move. If we paid him, we wouldn’t be able to pay Humph and Stanley. I loved CJ but you don’t pay an ILB that kind of money."
"We start two inside linebackers and their skill sets compliment eachother perfectly. I could not disagree with you more on all counts. CJ Mosley is definitely not worth 17 mil a year when we need to pay Lamar, Hump, Stanley, Andrews, Hollywood, Orlando, etc..."
"Letting cj walk was ultimately the right decision I think he wanted Bobby Wagner Luke keuchly money while not being anywhere near them. As for the draft, we’re weak as hell at lb and it’s way important to stack talent and depth there compared to te. If both Malik and queen pan out they’ll probably play together anyways."
You should tweet this at Jeff Zrebiec and have him call this take stupid.
Really? CJ Mosley got us into the playoffs in 2018?
"Harrison was certainly a safer pick than Queen, but Queen's ceiling is significantly higher than Harrison's based on his performances in the SEC championship and CFB playoff games which is why he went so much higher. It's a completely different situation to Hurst/Andrews - there was basically no consensus on the 2018 TE class and plenty of people had Goedert, Andrews or Gesicki as TE1 that year but almost nobody had anyone except Simmons and sometimes Murray over Queen this year."
"Well we got the better end of Mosley leaving. He's barely seen the field since he left. 

I disagree with you on Queen and Harrison, but I guess time will tell."
I think a lot of people don’t realize how good Queen is. The dude is a stud. The next great ravens defensive player
We couldn't pay CJ that much sadly.  I'm sure it was bittersweet for him.  Now we just pick him up in a year or 2.
I sorta agree. I think Queen is a project player. Harrison is more pro ready
"I agree. Leek was an absolute steal. I saw him play live, his instincts were crazy good and he was a student of the game on the sideline"
""
Gotta use the original not the TTG one
Is there a link ?
""
"Also, I'd like to add, Art Modell was the best thing that ever happened to that garbage franchise and terrible city, and the more you blame him for your losing culture, the sweeter the ""Art"" tag looks on our second superbowl jersies"
"I also find it hilarious that the Steelers and other franchises stuck up for Cleveland when Art wanted to move the team, but Pittsburgh and the rest of the league was radio fucking silent when Irsay ran out of town in the middle of the night in a blizzard. Literally lied to everyone on local news, “I’m not moving the damn team.” A team with 3 NFL titles, and 1 Super Bowl victory, vanishes overnight. Literally nobody outside of Baltimore cared when it happened. Why should we care about Cleveland’s announced move? Not to mention the whole 12 year wait vs 3 year wait thing. 

Commissioner Tagliabue came to the negotiating table and helped Cleveland, as opposed to Comissioner Rozelle who approved the Colts move without question (Rozelle later wrote in his autobiography that it was the worst decision he made as commissioner).

Baltimore and Cleveland both filed imminent domain lawsuits to keep their team’s history when moves were announced. You can figure out on your own which city got screwed and which city got to keep their history. 

The Colts used Johnny U and footage of Baltimore in their uniform release video a couple months ago, and switched to the old number font and horseshoe worn in Baltimore. When did we wear Browns unis? Oh that’s right, never.

We are still being slapped in the face with the Colts move to this very day while Cleveland owns their history outright. The Baltimore Colts history is locked behind an Indianapolis vault, and we will never get it back. Cleveland fans need to stop crying, you’re lucky you even have a team."
Pin this shit mods
After the latest Odell Beckham news I think a more appropriate name would be the Cleveland Steamers.
"i go into every season feeling indifferent about the browns. they’re honestly so pathetic year in and year out that i can’t hate them.

but then they get odell, my favorite player in the nfl before lamar joined us, and i had to sit there watching baker constantly overthrowing and playing like shit. then they had their only good game of the year against us and treated it like the super bowl.

i can’t think of a city more deserving of the browns than cleveland. i’m so glad that no matter what i’ll be able to tell my kids about ravens super bowls even if they never win another in my lifetime, something a browns fan likely won’t see. i don’t know what it would be like to tell my kid we picked top 10 every season"
They’ve stepped on rakes with first-rounder after first-rounder.
I approved this reminder.
"Hell yeah, baby. I have a special kind of hatred for Browns fans. I wish them absolutely nothing but their continued misery for as long as they exist. They celebrate pissing on a man’s grave"
"See y’all Sunday. 😘

ps. I love the ravens I just love shit talking."
"i'm feeling really rude today so let's just say it. we here in baltimore with the colts leaving are like when your girlfriend breaks up with you, so you go out and find a nicer, smarter, hotter, more successful girlfriend. the browns over there are the ex-boyfriend who lingers around the ex-girlfriends life, keeps on reminiscing about what could have been while she has definitely moved on, and eventually gets a new girlfriend who is definitely not an improvement."
"I've always said that if Cleveland does make a super bowl run, it will be the most unimpressive thing ever. Like you've had how many top 5 draft picks in the last few decades? The NFL is almost designed to gift you a lombardi at this point but they still lose."
This is the way
"In life it’s important to carefully consider your opinions, examine your biases, and do your best to understand the viewpoints of others. However sports are supposed to be about fun and blind indulgence of emotion!

In conclusion, fuck the Browns and their fans forever. I’m glad their team left. Art Modell was glad the team left. Every player who has ever suited up for the Ravens is glad that team left."
"Guys that shit was 20 years ago who gives a fuck. Half the people on this sub weren't even alive before the Ravens existed as a team. 

But fuck the browns, caw caw, lets go muhfuckers."
CLEVELAND CLOWNS 🤡
And me the only Bucs fan lurking most likely
"I’ve always been a fan of Drew Carey’s “you can now officially shut up!” speech at the Browns home opener after they returned to the league.

[They got a brand new team and you could already hear the frustration in his voice.](https://youtu.be/hpcTBDT99qI)"
"I just want to say that I love the Browns! I love the Browns so much,  that I also love the Ravens. No animosity for the past, that's dead. 

PS: I also like  the Bengals, those craptacular rascals. 
But I HATE Pittsburgh! I hate the penguins, the Steelers, the pirates. I dislike that black and yellow color scheme so much, I don't even like  the Iowa Hawkeyes."
This is a legendary post
[deleted]
"I try to be more diplomatic:

""We took your old shit team and turned it into a champion. If you dont fix your house, someone might do it again with your new shit team."""
"My response to a browns fan complaining to me about the Ravens is ""Oh, are you mad because it was unfair Baltimore had to give up their illustrious history and dope uniforms, but you were forced to keep your dogs*t colors?  I'd be mad too."""
One word: Brilliant!
The Cleveland Steamers
"Friendly reminder that the team we ""stole"" was objectively bad.

They were below .500 when the move was announced. Only one of the teams they beat had a winning record. The teams they lost to weren't world-beaters either(10-6 DET, 10-6 BUF, 7-9 HOU, 6-10 NE, 4-12 JAX), so they couldn't even beat bad teams. They were mediocre at-best in nearly every statistic at that point, too. (Bottom five scoring offense, bottom 12 scoring defense, bottom five in yards allowed, bottom 12 in third-down conversion rate, worst third down rate allowed on defense, I can go on)

The '95 Browns were plain bad, and those were the real Belichick Browns, not the 11-5 '94 Browns. The teams they beat in 1994 were 7-9 on-average, and the teams they lost to were 10-6 on-average. The 1994 team wasn't good, it was mediocre and got an inflated record courtesy of getting four games against the Bengals and Oilers, two teams who won a combined five games and drafted #1 and #3. (It would've been #1 and #2 if not for the expansion Jaguars)

Pretending that the team would've followed the exact same trajectory, just a little further northwest, if they had never left Cleveland, is nonsensical. Maybe Marchibroda goes to Cleveland, but given the part his old Baltimore connection played in the fit, I doubt that. Billick probably wouldn't have, given he was their top choice in 1999 and he turned them down. It's not like he was snubbing them to join a powerhouse either, we were 6-10 in 1998. He specifically didn't want to be in Cleveland, and that 2000 team doesn't happen without Billick. Sure you have Ozzie, but that team can be as talented as you want it and it doesn't matter a bit if you have a bad coach.

The ""stolen glory"" narrative is BS cooked up by people who, without football for three years, had nothing to distract themselves from the depressing reality that is living in Cleveland. Let them have it, they're not worth the effort of convincing otherwise."
"Week 1 is going to such a fucking good game. See ya there, Ratbirds."
"We need the pic of Art holding the Lombardi in here as well, maybe on gameday?"
Wow this is mean
"Art totally fucked them over but who cares fuck cleveland, its funnier that way"
Good to see Ravens fans are classy as always.
For a team that went 14-2 last year you guys sure do think about the browns a lot
Fuck Art Modell
""
[removed]
""
"Ah shit, here we go again"
""
LETS FUCKING GO FUCK THE BROWNS
I really want to see what the shiny new D looks like against chubb.
But...but I have Chubb in fantasy...
See ya there :)
""
"At some point, this isn't just a meme anymore. This is honestly pretty hilarious."
Is it even a meme if it's 100% accurate at this point
Fuckin LOL
"Wow. Good luck to the rest of the AFC East, you’re gonna need it."
The New York Ravens
Who woulda guessed lol
Humble brag to when I [almost predicted this when he was released](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/in6m29/dont_cry_because_its_over_smile_because_it/g466js8?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
Of course he does 🤣
This is getting a little weird tbh.
Of course. Lol
It’s like a meme inside a meme
Of course he ends up with the Jets. Was there ever any doubt?
It's only right
"Honestly, I'm thinking the Jets personnel must be terrible if our cast offs are getting practice spots and playing time. Who's scouting over there and why haven't they be fired?"
""
I still get PTSD flashbacks to the London Jags game.
"Building on a great 2019 season the Ravens can almost sweep the AFC with a chance to have a win against all but the Chargers. They will also have an opportunity to save an abysmal 2016 season that resulted in 3 losses to NFC East teams. A potential 2020 record of 26-5 is amongst the best in the league.

[Here’s a link to the original post on /r/NFL
](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/iq36vw/ocwho_beat_whom_i_found_the_winner_of_the_latest/?)"
"2019 record: 20-11 

Wut?"
Can’t believe the “Football Team” beat us last time.
"Kings of the AFC, alot of the rest is just because we haven't played them in a while"
""
Ravens North.
JFC it's really absurd how many ex Ravens they have.  The New York Sloppy Seconds.
"Knowing how bad their WR group is, he can probably be a starter up there."
And so the cycle is complete.
Of course the Jets signed him
Of course lol
They’ve got jaleel Scott😔
Hold onto something and brace yourselves. The League’s fucked tbh.
[deleted]
"> proj 22.6

Lamar literally didn’t hit below 25 all last year, but whatever."
How did you not get Ingram?
Only other time I’ve seen someone do this they ended up 0-13 but best of luck to you.
Trade for Ingram? Also someone in my league did this last year and it wasn't the worst.
"It is bold to be playing Pollard when the Cowboys are probably going to be throwing the ball  with all those wideouts and with Zeke taking goaline snaps, but I guess he could help in a PPR league"
What’s the bench look like though
"I do this every season, I like to see how the team does each week"
"It’s my first time doing an NFL draft and drafted 4 or 5 Ravens players. People in my league said I was dumb but idc, can’t imagine drafting other players over them"
I love you
"You maniac lol, please post results"
Bold move
You will be lucky to win a game
Thanks for sharing your shitty fantasy team with us
""
""
"Breeshad Permian is their 1k receiver, just watch."
Had no idea he played here in iowa at all. Wow.
""
At this point the jets are basically just that knock-off toy you get at the dollar store
Gonna be weird seeing Lamar in a green jersey 10 years from now.
"So...you played on the Ravens, huh?


You're in!"
"mom can we get the ravens?

we have the ravens at home

......"
" Ahhhh yes, the New Yorkimore Jetvens. Where ex-Ravens go  to be able to spend their Jan-Feb at home with their families."
Ravens North
The jets are loading up on old ravens
lol was it bart scott who started this giant migration to the north?
Why does my most hated team pick up all the players of my favorite team? And they always take my favorite players too.
Remember when Phil Savage was running the show in Cleveland and he took all our castoffs?
Smh
Pretty sure they signed him because another receiver got indicted lol
""
"I'm a guy from the UK and after watching some shows on Netflix, wanted to give the NFL a go. I selected the Ravens as the team ill be supporting - watched quite a few of the games from last season. 

Really excited for my first season!"
"Every ravens game freaks me out. I don’t care if we play the worst team in the NFL, I still get super nervous."
Lamar Jackson
Yesssir
Truzzzz
Going to work will be awesome if we win but if we lose...
Been watching the NBA so much lately it’s really it’s been great but nothing can compare to the NFL. Here we go again guys being nervous for 17 weeks straight
I AM SO EXCITED WOW
Hope you’re ready to watch the most exciting player in the league every week! BIG TRUZZ
Big Truzz! Fuck the Browns!
For Week 3 we’ll ship y’all some burnt ends if ya’ll ship us some crab cakes.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO!
"Best of luck, we’re prolly gonna get thrashed, but I’m hoping we can at least make it interesting"
You can tell Lamar is slighted in this pic
"On the hoes,he shall stunt"
"The look in his eyes that day... 

Melts my heart."
The best football player we've seen in generations.... Lamar Jackson.
[deleted]
Hey that looks like what we'll be shoving down your throats tomorrow
"Rent free lmaoooo

Edit: he dm’d me too so definitely rent free 😂"
"What is this supposed to be? Maybe it doesn’t work on the phone app. Good job, good effort!"
[deleted]
[deleted]
They’re making fun of us for our post before the Titans game last year where someone said something along those lines
The forth top comment is I hope they don’t s**t the bed. Lmao.
Gross
"they had one on there about eating birds or something, gave me a good laugh this morning"
"I love the Browns fans calling **us** shit fans, lol. Like were horrible people.

Fuck ohio, you all still support fracking and coal mining you dumb shits."
I love this so much. Nothing better than browns fans talking shit when their reciever wants to get shit on. Im so happy football is back
"Of the three ravens chasing there, two off the team, one playing offense lol"
"Shit fans of the shitty shit-colored, shit-named team (with a receiver who likes to be shitted on) talking shit.

What else is new."
""
Homegirl about to get shat upon all afternoon.
👀
lmao wtf
I'm getting so pumped for this game I can feel it in my bowels!!
Lol this is so funny holy shit nice one man
I can't wait to see Jimmy Vs OBJ part 3
lmao remember the r/nfl thread about this incident?? people were calling for marlon to be arrested 😭😭😭
""
When the fuck did he sign that helmet? Before or after his surgery IR?
"$75 to drive to Brooklyn isn't worth it to repair the bullet holes in my car.

Edit: people from northern AAC know what's up. Everyone else thinks this is mean. Brooklyn is a fucking mess lol. It's about 5 blocks of blue lights and police activity."
""
So unreasonable. Browns ain't scoring 10
Looking at how we handle Nick Chubb tomorrow will tell us a lot about our commitment to stop the run after D. Henry
"Whoa whoa whoa... still repping Madden 20??

Me too lol"
"24-20 ravens win this one. I have Ingram, Andrews, and Edwards scoring"
I'll lay it out for you as truthfully and strategically as I can. The Ravens will struggle tomorrow and come out with a 55-6 win. Lamar Jackson has another perfect passer rating game with 6 TDS thrown and 1 run.
Anyone else expecting another highlight tape of Hollywood catching bombs and going the distance?
The Browns have a depleted CB group. Hollywood & Mandrews are gonna go off. I think we start with the pass to set up the run.
My prediction was 42-14 Ravens win. Lamar gets 4 passing 1 rushing TDs.
"69-0. 5 for Lamar, 3 for Rg3 and 2 for T-Mac. 

Koch & Tuck succesfully go for 2 on the last TD, but the play is ultimately deemed null due to an illegal block in the back by Ravens Team Mascot, Poe."
"No, there’s no way we are scoring that much, sorry

24-14 Ravens"
"Hi all!  With Chris Moore and Justice Hill out for the game, how big of an impact will this have on our ST unit?"
"Moore was good at downing balls on punts deep in the opponent’s territory, but I’d imagine some of the young players step up to fill that role. (Maybe Proche). Hill I don’t think will be missed as much. You also have to remember Harbaugh was a special teams coach, and we have Tucker, Cox and Koch who will for sure do their parts."
Maybe a slight impact on punt coverage as most of the kickoffs go out of the end zone now.
I'm working on one and I wish I could get some feedback on whether or not it's HQ enough and if I'm being too pointed. I don't have any super premium tools or editing experience so I don't know if joining in will help represent or lower the quality and make us look bad.
"If John Harbaugh were here (because he’s everybody’s dad), he would say “trust yourself. I’m sure whatever you will come up with will be great!”"
"I'm sure it'll be quality! If you want, PM the gif to some people if you want feedback"
"Dude you got a post to the top of our sub so I'm stalking your profile looking for dirt. OF COURSE YOU SHOULD POST. Are people going to talk shit on the quality? Yes it's going to get torn to shreds. Do they really mean it or should you care? No. Gif wars online are one of the funniest purely entertainment-driven phenomenon I've ever witnessed. Anyone who shows real anger over a gif, or admonishes someone for not being a pro animator is a piece of shit anyway. Being a part of a stupid subreddit rivalry instead of just commenting makes it that much better. So who cares if it's not going to win an Oscar. I've had gifs flop a couple times but I've never considered not posting."
I'm just stocking up on popcorn.  Go get 'em!
""
Bro the MO in gold is such a col touch for the end zones
**POE**VID the COVID-Corvid
Did they build him the nest in the Mo's Rows?
The funny thing is the plague mask looks like a raven.
Frosted Flakes??
"Fuckin hell, I read that title as ""everyone's favorite COVID"""
Kinda wish we made a head for Poe that was a plague doctor mask to wear during this season
""
I think shes messing with you by making ome of them steelers colors!
Am I being Bucked? I just see an imgur banner.
Bet you could fit a beer in the purple mug.
""
Found this in my FB feed this morning. I thought they were tracking me and knew everything about me?  Fuck their AI trolling me.
And intercepting my boy Vince Young on top of that. Mother fuckers.
"2019: 59-10 over the Dolphins
2018: 47-3 over the Bills
2017: 20-0 over the Bengals"
"I wouldnt be too hopeful for this, we normally have a really good pre-season that smoothes in a lot of starters already. I always feel like we are more ready for a season then others and we don't have that this year."
"This reminded me about 2017- the year of the shut outs. That was a crazy year. Shut out 3 teams, but then the jags put up 44 on us."
Don’t jinx us
"We're 9-3 in Week 1 under Harbaugh, outscoring opponents 339-174"
mega jinx incoming
Jesús
""
😫😫😂😂
Odell the type of dude to order the PooPoo platter at the Chinese restaurant.
Oh no lol
I’m a browns fan and this is hilarious
Oh hell nah 😭🤣🤣🤣🤣
""
Yea I respect it lol that’s how I feel about mahomes and the chiefs
"I dunno I think the guy who tried to do a flip off a patio table and landed on his head is my favorite browns fan.

Found it: https://www.reddit.com/r/holdmyfeedingtube/comments/bnd611/hmft_after_i_attempt_a_gainer_off_a_table/"
Perhaps I have treated you too harshly
"In all fairness,  ""coolest Browns fan"" is an outrageously low bar."
BASED BROWNS FAN BASED BROWNS FAN
"I dunno, no Browns fans should be truzzed."
Nah coolest Browns fan is the guy that did the write-up for the Ravens players in the r/nfl top 100.
Browns fans aren’t even that bad anymore tbh. They were obnoxious last off-season but I’m not trippin about it now.
sad that that constitutes a cool fan
What a gentleman
He gets it.
Nah he just has him in his fantasy team
"Haha they mean: ""In a safe, Myles Garrett isn't banned again way""

Time to flex on these hoes!"
">	Coolest browns fan

That’s like winning an award for the best tasting piece of poop"
"What is going on? Seems to be a few wholesome and respectable browns fans coming out of nowhere


https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/irkz8f/labbe_the_last_time_the_browns_won_a_season/g4zjx9h/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf"
Holy shit I am so fucking excited for this game
I just saw that the down vote icon on the Browns sub is a Ravens logo.
""
He will probably be a gunner in place of Moore right?
">Per transaction wire, Ravens promote DB Jordan Richards from practice squad to active roster for Sunday. Have option of activating two players, chose just Richards it appears. Why not just activate two? Can only be done with any player twice without exposing him to waivers."
Expected move especially with Chris Moore recovering...
"I'm just here to boast that I recently called this during a thread discussion about the potential call-ups to the active roster:

u/Ballsohardstate · 6 days ago

I think one for sure is going to be Wolf or Adams while the other is up in the air.

&#x200B;

>M4RRS · 6 days ago  
>  
>Possibly Jordan Richards"
""
Lowest effort meme. At least include a cool photo or something
L
[deleted]
Nflbite dot com
https://sportsurge.net/#/groups/0
"Get a VPN and buy NFL GamePass International. Set your location to Italy or wherever you want and watch every game for $100 for the year. Also if you want to be extra stingy, make 17 fake emails and just do the one week free trial every week to watch for free"
"I am considering between the [black gaiter](https://www.nflshop.com/baltimore-ravens/adult-baltimore-ravens-new-era-on-field-neck-gaiter/t-70609199+p-038732411924+z-8-290188569) and the [black polyester mask](https://www.nflshop.com/baltimore-ravens/adult-baltimore-ravens-new-era-black-on-field-face-covering/t-14046899+p-1432871819577+z-9-1779893629?_ref=p-PDP:m-RV:i-r0c1:po-1) (same price, both on nflshop website). Has anyone got either of these, or even both, and can recommend one?"
"I’ve heard that from a medical standpoint the gaiters may not be as effective. But that was from a single story I heard on TV a few weeks back, so I don’t know how accurate that is."
"As an alternative option, I got a regular fabric one from Etsy for around $10. There are a lot of different options."
I ordered the 3 mask set a week ago. Had “2 day shipping” label on it and after I ordered it I got a message saying it would arrive October 8th. So don’t expect them very fast.
""
OBJ to Marlon inbox tonight: So uhh.. you gonna be with Judon before the game tomorrow? 👀
"Odel ""Stevie"" Beckham"
Hes our #2 receiver at least get that right
He's WR #2
"The long wait is over, time to spread our wings all over the world and dominate again!!!!!!"
hmmm... premature?
OP is a pedophile. See all of his comments defending Cuties.  Going to rewatch your kiddie porn after the ravens game?
""
"Dude I want the shirt this guy is wearing so bad, anyone know where I can find it? I tried googling around and didn’t come up with it"
I’m liking your content already dude! It’s John Harbaugh whos our bomb ass coach. Jim is good too.
"State of the Ravens as steady as a solid state drive of several terrabytes. Fast, furious and unshakable."
Did anyone order a cutout on here? I was wondering if you have received this code that the website said they were sending out to show where your cutout is sitting.
I also haven’t heard anything yet
Lifetime ravens fan here. I’ve always closely followed the team but this year with quarantine/graduation/starting a real job I haven’t kept up with the team through the offseason. Why do I need to know going into tomorrow?
"To fuck the steelers and expect some new starters on our defense highlighted by Calais Campbell, Elliot, and Wolfe. Earl isn’t with the team anymore, Yanda retired, and Hollywood is healthy. 

Caw caw mother fuckers"
Marlon well be reuniting with his son odell
"Fuck the Steelers, Fuck the Browns, and Odel likes to eat Shit"
Earl Thomas was almost tolerated.
"You should know that as always the Browns are shit. Given this fact, don’t be surprised if you see OBJ rolling around on his teammates."
"Cheer loud, stand proud"
""
"I’d rather we go 11-5 and win the SB, than go 16-0 and lose in the postseason."
"Of course while 16-0 is a possibility I’m like 99% sure we’re gonna lose at least 1 game due to complete sheer luck, another close one and a 3rd where we just play like ass to finish 13-3"
""
"Lmao my older brother is also a Cowboys fan. I always love busting his chops about them too. He’s a great sport about it and honestly I got into football because of him. People love shitting on Cowboys fans but all the ones I’ve come across irl are really chill and fun people to talk Football with. I have a soft spot for the Cowboys because I grew up watching Woodson, Smith, and Aikman and idolized those guys as a kid, He was the one that told me about Ray Lewis and ever since 1998 I started watching Ravens football and got hooked."
This is great content. Smells like... Truzzmas already. Can’t wait! Let’s goooo!
My brother is a Cowboys fan too! 😂
.....and to all a good night.
Belee dat!
"A quote from my high school coach, he played for the Baltimore Colts."
I have the Ravens defense and Lamar Jackson for my fantasy team. You guys think thats a good choice? What's the word on the Ravens defense? Respect
"This little Stag Bar in Dundalk had a few old colts pouring drinks and sitting around dying. 

“Your job playing football is to hit the other guy so hard he can’t remember his mother’s face. Failing that, try to make it so he never walks straight again.”

I miss those guys watching pop warner games between the falcons and the packers(they’ll never be the Dundalk Dynasty to me you fuckers)."
""
lol this is getting outta hand 🤣
Howdy ho!
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/irq9ch)"
"The **FUCK** is the Weed option, Sir?!"
"Other: have some beers, watch highlight videos and tug one or two out.

I'm in CA so I have to wake up before 10am to find a stream. The sooner I go to sleep, the sooner Santa brings kickoff!"
Quite well I am sure.
bowling ball
"I literally didn’t sleep last night. Don’t think it was a direct result of the game (this happens about 1-2 times a month for me), but the excitement didn’t help."
Add deep breathing.
[deleted]
I miss this meme so much.
Update this with Shades Lamar?
I’ll be tuning in from Dubai!
We just gotta own this meme now. I definitely plan on telling all the fans that made fun of us for losing that they just got stunted on every time we whoop somebody’s ass this season
This is my favorite video that captures the essence of the ravens browns relationship https://youtu.be/iWitYRJRhSA
this image is cursed now
its almost time.......
Yes yes yes yes yes
"Not gonna lie, this one is cringe.

All I can think about is the “on these hoes we shall stunt” post right before we got embarrassed by the Titans.

Gotta get some fresh memes for this season. This one is dead to me."
[deleted]
Caw caw bitches
Y'all are really starting these way too early now for the sake of karma lmao
"i’m awake, and will be until our game is over in 16 hours"
"My alarm is set for 2:25am ready for the 2:30am kick off. Let’s go get it!!!!! 
Pumped for the new season
P.s. Aussie here!"
"Hey, you. You're finally awake.

You were trying to cross the border, right? Walked right into that Ravens ambush, same as us, and that Steelers player over there.

Damn you Browns. The AFC North was fine until you came along. Ravens were nice and lazy. If they hadn't been looking for you, I could've stolen that division and be halfway to the Super Bowl. You there. You and me - we shouldn't be here. It's these Browns the Ravens want.

We're all brothers and sisters in binds now, Steeler.

Shut up back there!"
Woke up with a can of Natty Boh in my hand. *I'm ready*.
Let’s run it back this year 😈
"Gonna make pancakes, with pecans and syrup.  Pre-game ritual, victory assured. 

Go Ravens!"
"After 6 months of shit in the world, I am desperately looking forward to drinking a Bloody Mary loaded with old bay and losing myself in the normalcy of a Ravens win. Let’s go!"
"-yawns- Wake me up in a few hours. Have some pancakes and beer waiting for me.

Thanks."
Let’s fucking go
i wonder how many of the players are up rn
CAW CAW MOTHERFUCKERS ITS FINALLY HERE BIG TRUZZ!!!!!
Can anyone send me a link to stream the game tmrw ?
Let’s go boys! Dead lifts and watching the Ravens dominate the Brown. That’s the agenda today!
Very large truss let's gooooo!
WHAT TIME IS IT????????
"Does anyone know where to watch the game out of state? Also, I think the NFL would make a killing if the sold each game as a payperview like service. The nfl Sunday ticket is way to much"
""
"This stopped hitting after I saw a picture of Lamar's head edited on crying to a picture of Derrick Henry in one of the 1000 times this off-season the Ravens ""stunt on these hoes"" copypasta got reposted.

Maybe we need a new meme, just a thought."
Can't fucking sleep. Too pumped!
""
Don't use a dead kid to get attention on reddit. Bad form.
""
"Yes, we know anything is possible, this is a bad and useless comparison though. Sorry fam"
Man outta all the people you compare Lamar to from the NBA it’s Russell fucking Westbrook... the dude who was getting cooked left and right by Alex Caruso and Kyle Kuzma all series long this year. the guy who hasn’t made the 2nd round of the playoffs without Durant since 2016 when the made the WCF to choke away a 3-1 lead. It’s an embarrassment to be compared to Russell Westbrook...
What does this mean?
""
Ill be back....week 14
I’ll be (running)back
I'm bout that
FINNA AYO HOL UP U BE SAYIN Finna ayo som finna mane. AYO WHITE BOI FINNA SOM COUNTIN TIME BOI AYO FINNA S9M AYO HOL UP HOL UP FINNA CHECK IT. OK MAYNE DAS RIIIIIIIITE. FINNA AIN IN DA MOOD TONITE TA FINNA MANE DAS RIIIIIIIIIIITE FINNA SOM MANE AYO WAIT CMON MANE AYO U FINNA GAY RON TEE DAS RIIIIIIIIITE AYO FINNA SOM BATTLEPASS FINNA AYO MAYNE FINNA SOM FINNA MANE NO I AIN PLAYIN NO GAME AYO HOL UP FINNA SOM WHOOP ON YA ASS I CAN GAY RON TEE. AYO FINNA DAS RIIIIIIIIIIIIIITE AYO. FOOTBALL MAYNE AYO CHECK IT FINNA SOM HOL UP AYO DAS RIIIIIIITE. THRO DA BALL I GAY RUN TEE THRO DA BALL BOI DAS RIIIIIIIITE MAYNE I CATCH AYO MANE AYO FINNA SOM AYO HOL UP NOW FINNA
"“Wait, it’s all Cleveland Browns losses?”

“Always has been”"
I hope the Ravens win.
"Are you a Browns fan, then?"
[deleted]
Im so envious of you I had to cancel my trip to Thailand and Dubai with my buddy because they wont let him leave his base in Iraq under covid restrictions
[deleted]
""
This may go over some our subs heads but that this is sick. how are you projecting onto the water cooler?
""
CANT EVEN SLEEP CAUSE GAME FUCKING DAY BABY.
Im up watching training camp vids..Big Trussss
"Woke up at 5, and can't fall back asleep cuz I have too much purple energy running through my veins"
TEAM NO SLEEP
"OH YEAH BROTHER, this early bird is gonna get the (W)orm today, BROTHER!"
Can’t wait to see our lord and savior Lamar do his THAAAAAAANG
Did you actually sleep? Haha
I have to wait until 6 pm here for the game to start. I'm going crazy
I’m working today but goddammit I’ll make sure to watch the game
"I’m prepared for the teams to start off a little wonky/maybe sloppy because of no preseason games and only 14 training days, but situations like what has happened in the league separates the SB contenders and the average high draft pick teams."
LETS GOOOOOOOOO. DO IT FOR MO!!!
Big truzz
""
🅱️upvote to give good luck to the 🅱️oys today
""
Florida Flock checking in!!
I'm up I'm up!
My body is ready
goooooooooooooood morning from the west coast!
No matter what happens I love you all and I love this team! Let's pray for a full season of Lamarvelous football!
"We’re up big homie! Stahp yellin’ & pass the fuqqin Old Bay & Natty Boh’zzzzz!!!

I’m so ready for this game!"
Of course Jimmy Smith gets listed as questionable on the the day of kickoff -_-
42-10 ravens
"Let the stuntin' begin!

These hoes ain't ready!"
Couldn't sleep past 0600 due to the excitement!
"Woke up to Kodak blasting out of my phone, that’s how you know it’s GAMEDAY"
"Checking in from Sweden

Let’s get the DUB"
Let me let loose my first LETTTTTSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOO of this season
**B E L E E**
I am awake you beautiful bastard! It’s feels like Christmas morning but we can’t open our gifts until one o’clock.
Lamar Jackson
I honest didn’t think today would happen. LFG Ravens!
Big trusssssss
MEET US OUTSIDE THE BANK!
Lllama time
Let’s fucking do this. Give Odell what he wants
Jersey Raven checking in
I’ve been waiting for this all summer long. That walk outta the stadium in January set me on fire. Run that shit back turbo. Bring that trophy home.
Timonium standing by. Ready to stunt
Checking in from Louisville to watch our boy!!!
"Mind, body, and soul I’m ready and willing."
"MY BODY IS FUCKING READY, GIVE IT TO MEEEEEEE"
Good morning from the great white north !!
I JUST SET OFF MY FIRE ALARM BY ACCIDENT SO NOW EVERYONE IS UP
"Southern Maryland checking in, go the beer flowing and hyped for kickoff!"
LETS STUNT ON SOME HOES
GIT IT BOI. GIT ITTTTTTT ARRRRRRRRGHHHH
God damn you jimmy stop plying with my emotions
California flock us up and ready!!!!!
LETSS GOOOOOOOOO
LETS GET ITT
I'm up! And have to wait an extra hour for the game because the Atlantic time zone is a thing.
"I’ve been up for hours already, can’t wait"
Let’s go!!! Big truzzz. Toronto flock checking in
When you can’t watch it because you’re not part of the coverage map
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS AND GIRLS
The browns are hoes. On them we shall stunt.
Oh lort it’s almost time 🙌🏽
"Ravens are (-7.5) against the Browns.

Last year, I bet the farm against the Titans (-10) and took a bath.

Is today Baltimore's payback game for my bank account?"
Here is to 1-0 for both of us.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH LFG
Haven’t seen all you crazy fucks in months. It’s good to be back. BIG TRUSS!
"I've missed all you gals and guys! 
Let's go Ravens!!"
Bout to be crazy. Have been looking forward to this! Sucks we can't all visit games this year but can still go to war at home!!
LETTTSSS FUCKINNNN GOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
I am allergic to crab but still a big fan can I be included still
"Been watching 2019 highlights all morning! Got my gr8 jersey on too!

I don't want to just win. I want to crush these fools and put up at least 50 points."
"I don’t come to reddit often as I used to, but when I do, it’s for RAVENS FOOTBALL! LESSSSSGOOOOOOOO"
"Here's hoping JK Dobbins is a mix of Ray Rice and Jamal Lewis.

And may Patrick Queen be a lot like Ray Lewis."
Best of luck today you all-your lurking Bucs fan
Oh shit ih shit.. breathe in...and out...in..and out. Woosah
Sacramento Flock is HERE!
RAVENS!!!!! Oregon flock reporting in!!! (Smokey though)
"Checking in from Kansas! I'll be watching in the car on the way home back to Colorado. 

Let's GOOOOOO!!!"
I've missed these.
SF Ravens fan here bringing the heat!
""
"This year, I plan on doing movie themed photoshops for each of our weekly match ups. So if any one has anything they would like to see done, just let me know! And yes, I will always make sure that they are the absolutely best quality I can make in five minutes while holding a baby in one arm."
Don Lamar. I love it.
"  ""A friend should always underestimate your virtues and an enemy overestimate your faults."" ..."
This is gold.
""
*That's* ***Poe*** *Ravens*
"or the rest of the season for that matter. Im a fan in Texas so im generally not ""in market"". Could someone help me out and message me where can a out of state fan watch from home?"
nflbite.com
[deleted]
"Get a VPN and buy NFL GamePass International. Set your location to Italy or wherever you want and watch every game for $100 for the year. Also if you want to be extra stingy, make 17 fake emails and just do the one week free trial every week to watch for free"
"Can anyone tell me how I can watch the game today? As a Marylander in Massachusetts, I’m not having much luck as the only game on TV today is the Patriots (ugh)."
"I know someone who is in college so I use the college discounted Sunday ticket. If you have a PS4, XBox or a roku or something you can download the Sunday ticket app. It’s $100 a season and I think 125 if you want red zone too. It’s awesome."
nflbite.com
"Get a VPN and buy NFL GamePass International. Set your location to Italy or wherever you want and watch every game for $100 for the year. Also if you want to be extra stingy, make 17 fake emails and just do the one week free trial every week to watch for free"
""
Get your nap in and then wake up just in time  for the game! Caw Caw!!!
Nice man!  How old is your son?
"Are you gonna wear that helmet? Cuz if so, that’s amazing."
That hat is slick. Where’d you get it?
Woohoo Ravens fan here in Australia too! I stayed up until 3 am to watch it lmao
[deleted]
"[mp4 link](https://i.giphy.com/lOUOtP9AgnYRYF0ubR.mp4)

---
This mp4 version is 74.62% smaller than the gif (3.06 MB vs 12.06 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
[deleted]
""
Video https://i.giphy.com/lOUOtP9AgnYRYF0ubR.mp4
""
"Well duh, Lamar’s breaking the shit out of defenders’ ankles"
Fun fact: Mike Tanier (the author) was Joe Flacco’s math teacher.
""
""
Caw caw mother fuckers
""
Jimmy in mid season form 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Already? Damn.
hopefully it's just a cold muscle sort of thing and not an injury under the surface
"Concerns me, Cleveland has two very good Tight Ends."
Here we go again.
Standard
I don't think I've ever seen this before. Injury report on the morning of a game. I doubt he plays honestly.
Just put him on the pup list. See ya week 7 jimmy
""
It’s not the football season without jimmy being hurt
This is not ideal. Who the fuck would we have play dime safety?
We usually get him at least the first quarter of week 1 until week 9 this is a new one.
Our defense is noticeably so much better when Jimmy is healthy. Really hope this is a precaution and not something more serious.
God fucking damnit
"New Update, says he is out on the field testing himself out, and he was seen smiling with the coaches afterward. I think he plays"
"I’ve had back spasms before, and I can say that Jimmy is not playing today with a good amount of confidence.  I’ve had countless injuries throughout my life and the back spasms were the absolute most painful thing ever."
Ah shit 😬
"And so it begins . . . 

&#x200B;

P.S. We don't need no stinkin' Carr!"
"We could see a lot of 'Double A' (No, not Arn Anderson) today. In other words, the receivers may be blanketed in coverage, but they'll still be completing passes over him, because he seems to lack ball skills every time I watch him. It won't be Tony Jefferson in #23 getting burned this season, but instead it might be Anthony Averett amid his third number change in as many years (previously #28 & #34, respectively). I really hope he has improved in the awareness area of his game, since he otherwise appears to have all the necessary tools to be good!"
"This is precisely why they should have still brought back Brandon Carr. You know it's a given that you cannot count on Jimmy Smith lasting through an entire season. Until today, Tavon & DeShon have actually never even played together in a regular season game! How long before several more of the perennially injured DBs (e.g. the aforementioned pair plus Averett) are unavailable? But hey, why sign a guy who has never missed a game in his career, when we can have a bunch of injury-prone players at the DB positions?"
I also saw Geno Stone inactive. Who dafuck do we have for depth for FS?
He's active
"Hate to hear this but thankfully it’s the Browns and not Chiefs. I want a healthy Jimmy, sit a game if you need it."
""
"1. Lamar
2. Will
3. Stunt
4. On these
5. Hoes

#CHECK"
The Baltimore Ravens will win if they score more points than the Cleveland browns
"So the boxes are:

1. Stop the run

2. Get first downs

3. Get turnovers

4. Avoid sacks

5. Avoid turnovers

Hot damn I think they solved it guys. If we do this every week we could go 19-0 this year."
I want the baltimore ravens to win today
"I, too, would find it most acquiescable if the Baltimore Ravens were to reign victorious in today's match."
Lamar Jackson will be the ravens quarterback today
Samsies
Yes
I would also like it very much if we won today
I want the Cleveland Browns to lose...and i also want the Blertimore Footbirds to win as well
When the Baltimore Ravens win so do I.
"No shit — though, the league shouldn’t even be playing because of the pandemic.


Karma farm, much? 🤨"
[deleted]
Darth Lamaul
Shoulda made the saber color purple
Questionable with back spasms.
Lmao he didn't choose to be injured
Maybe he will still play 🙄
"*Yeah, Jimmy, how did you let your back spasm!*

because that's totally how it works."
No he is gonna have this problem all year
The trainers will know how to handle it. Our secondary will be fine either way.
This has been a thing since his rookie year and apparently even in college. At this point I don’t think he can really do anything about it.
"If this happens, I will be pleased and I may even say “Yes, that is good”"
How could you say something so controversial yet so brave?
"Sure would be terrible if the ravens did that twice, but the browns kicked 5 fgs"
"Do the things, score the points...sports!"
Mood
I am pleased with what I see so far
"When I see the ravens score football points, I say ""yes""

When I see the browns score football points, I say ""no"""
"Many, many times.

\*sees opponent in FF has Mark Ingram\*

Except for him.

Love you, Mark, but Lamar, Andrews, and Marquise scoring them would make me happy."
"I have a bet with a Steelers fan for best season record, loser is servant for the day.  I know my boys in purple won't let me loose this bet!!"
*tugs braid* agreed.
This would be cool tbh
Marlon ... fucks sake
[deleted]
He is the next Aaron Rodgers
[deleted]
Now open for hot takes.
most likely Buck Allen
I'm guessing Ingram
Wouldn't be shocked if its Sonsy
EDC. He earned it
Earl Thomas III
Calais?
""
Love the purple and white combo
I’m sure the boomers on Facebook are having a field day with this one
You guys should blow out the Browns. It will be 31-14.
It’s amazing how much things can change in a year. Last year I got downvoted to hell for pointing out that Hayden Hurst was racist AF on Twitter. Now he’s off the team and we’re all (mostly) finally opposed to racism.
""
"Raven fan from California.
I dont get this. Someone kindly explain? Wheres the avacado?"
""
Big trussssss lil zack kitty.. lol
Thats a football face if I ever saw one
""
""
Lamar Jackson
I’ve always had a man crush on Lamar lol.
Lamar Jackson
In the flesh
""
This logo isnt cursed
these look amazing!!
We don't talk about cakes here.
""
This season's for Mo.
Thoughts and prayers are always with you guys.
I want Lamar to stand in the middle of the O while celebrating a TD
I love this so much and honestly would love for our endzones to stay that way forever
I hope the first raven who scores in that end zone does something in tribute of mo. Can’t wait for this game!
you guys are also doing the fan cutouts? lol I thought that was just a weird thing us bengals where doing
"I know it can't happen, but I hope they keep the gold MO long enough that I have to explain to my grand kids why those two letters are in gold. 

I'm a sports radio junkie and man, his passing hit me hard and I never even met/saw him."
FOR MOOOO
When did that happen?
[deleted]
""
"Hey y'all, moved out of Maryland (SAD!) at the end of March. Took for granted easy access to our Ravens.

Planned on going to a local Ravens bar for games, but not advised with the pandemic and I have no Sunday ticket. I see a certain subreddit has been removed that I would utilize in the past.

ANY HELP FOR A BIRD BRO TODAY??"
https://nflstreams.to/event/cleveland-browns-baltimore-ravens-live-stream/147963
NFLbite.com
Which one works best
I live in CT now and I use NFLbites.com as my stepping stone to streams every week
[deleted]
""
""
Reporting in from Rhode Island.
Congrats pops! That’s a good lookin boy ya got there.
Future TE
HELL YEA BROTHER!!
YESSIR RAVENS ALL THE WAY
Good man. Keep breeding soldiers for the army of the black feather.
That’s my nephew!
This the type of wholesome content I signed up for
Your kid has only known victories so far
""
I can’t wait for Marlon vs OBJ part 3
Is it even ravens season without Jimmy on the injury report glad to be back boys
"Hope jimmy rests well, we need him week 3"
When did Madboogy get injured? That was a surprise to me
Glad to see no surprises here. We are leaving safety depth really lacking by having Stone inactive though.
""
I'm going to assume whoever downvoted this picture were obviously Steelers fans. ;)
"I dont know if this is your real hair, but if it is.. its freaking beautiful"
"I’m fully expecting to cry when I see the “MO” in the endzone. 

Still missing Mo so hard, and hoping he’s pumped to see his first Ravens game 💜🖤"
"Man I had to read this twice to get what you were saying and, oof it hit me right in the feels"
""
[deleted]
""
Yes
Well don’t fall asleep now
I thought I’d receive an email with a code or something saying where the cutout I ordered was? Has anybody heard anything?
Wondering the same thing. I finally got a serial number but no clue where to check. Frustrating
"I haven't seen any in the stands? I wasn't really looking for them, but the stands looked pretty empty.

Edit: Yup, they are there."
I emailed today to see if we could find out where exactly they'll be. Have you heard any thing?
What the hell is this business with cutouts?
Anyone know where I can stream audio of the game without video? I've got a long drive to do today and would like to listen to us dismantle the browns
98 rock app!
WBAL as well
""
hollywood fit cleannnnnnnn
Matching mask is a great touch
hollywood gon make me act up😳
Lamar 3000 and little boy
""
Otaro Alaka SZN
"Honestly the majority of the group I don’t feel uneasy about, especially Vets like Campbell and Wolfe there.

I also see the law firm of Harrison & Queen having a big impact today"
Gonna be so interesting seeing how the run defense has improved today.
Pro!
TIL DJ Fluker is on our team
[deleted]
I wanna see Our  Queen get atleast one sack today 😤😤
"Fellow Ravens Fans! I dont have the option of seeing the game today on TV. If anyone finds a livestream during the game I would greatly appreciate it! Now lets go kick the browns to the bottom of the standings, Go Ravens!"
"If you're in the Baltimore media area or any other media market where they're showing the game, check out locast.org.  They stream local TV."
Nflbite.com
"Did you find a working one?  I used the link on the nflbite discord and it worked pretty good,  had to change to another stream at the start of 3rd quarter.

Watching red zone as we speak."
sportsurge.net has some good streams
Nflbite.com
In Oklahoma unfortunately I can’t watch it
""
""
Pound the rock and eat some clock!
[deleted]
"No receivers over 100, but we have 400 total yards of offense. Mark, JK, and Andrews score TDs. We win 27-17"
"Woke up early excited for the game. Mowed the grass and did random honey-do items but dang still only 10 Am. What the heck, grab a beer and wait for the Ravens game... Now 6 beers in I am wishing for the game to start :)"
""
""
"Tyre ""The next Marshal Yanda"" Phillips"
That's a win. He must have been really impressive to beat out a proven veteran in Fluker.
Intriguing.
Nice. I think this guy has a real chance at being the best value of the 2020 Ravens draft.
"That's *really* interesting, he must have absolutely crushed it in training camp"
We have 5 rookies who have made an impact in the first game think about that.
...
Calais Campbell is a gift. Had that super eloquent explanation of why he kneels. Kneels and signs the anthem. Tips two passes (one leads to an INT) and gets a big tackle. All in the first 15 minutes. I’m in.
"HE PROTEC 

HE ATTAC 

BUT MOST OF ALL 

CALAIS SMAK"
Yo we really just drove 99 yards in the time it took me to microwave easy mac
[deleted]
"Hayden Hurst just made a fantastic diving catch.

Wishing him the best"
"Love the JT announcer comment

“So when’s JT in range exactly?”

“I guess when he pulls into the parking lot he’s in FG range”"
"Idk why you guys are so optimistic. 

We haven't scored all season including any of our preseason games. Our offense was practically nonexistent"
"Hollywood has been absolutely disgusting this game

Like true #1 WR level of disgusting"
CALAIS ALREADY ONE OF THE BEST RAVENS OF ALL TIME
"Zrebiec “Marlon Humphrey had his helmet back in his hand. Wasn't in on that last play, but seems to be ready to go back in” 

THANK THE LORD"
I think Lamar is still mad about 40-25
We demand a 160 decibel laugh track in the stadium every time the Browns fuck something up
Mark Andrews is on the same level as Kelce and Kittle. Don’t @ me.
Bruh Llama's ability to stop on a dime is insane
"In the Browns thread they are still saying lamar can’t throw lol. Don’t troll there, it’s just fun to observe."
"Anyone else hear ""Still fucking got it"" lmao?"
All things considered Baker Mayfield is actually pretty good for two children in a trenchcoat pretending to be one adult.
"TD confirmed, Tucker good, back to Baker bashing"
"""I wonder if they'll let me do that stadium cleaning job in a couple years...""

- Baker Mayfield on the sideline after the first half"
Lamar looking like 505 million 😳
DeCosta is looking like a genius today with Dobbins and Queen playing great today!
"Holy shit Browns’ sub is in full meltdown mode

#LOL"
Ravens are a top 1 organization
"10 points off turnovers, getting the ball to start the 2nd half. I’ll take it!"
Fully erect. FULLY. ERECT.
"What a pass to Hollywood, 46 yards"
That pass was beautiful and outside numbers too clearly Lamar practiced improving there a lot.
Clear penalty on Judon. What a stupid play.
"99 yards. Fuck you, Kyle Boller."
Lol Mayfield out there thinking he's Lamar 😂
Hollywood has such a quiet 100 yards
Mark Andrews is on pace for 64 TDs this season.
Those 2 plays by Calais are setting the tone for the defense early. I thinks he’s definitely going to be the leader of our defense
I’m old enough to remember when the Ravens were a bust about 30 min ago
DOBBINS IS A FREE ELF
The Browns Twitter account hasn't tweeted in over an hour
The energy level on Peters is insane and contagious
"**DOBBY NEVER MEANT TO KILL, DOBBY ONLY MEANT TO MAIM,  OR SERIOUSLY INJURE**"
"The best thing about today is Lamar just stomped on them for three quarters, got a 152 rating, but he's gonna be mad at himself for ending the day on two 3 and outs and that is gonna fuel him to keep getting better because that's the level of competitor he is. That's my MVP"
Queen will keep the LB legacy alive for our amazing franchise.
The lack of crowd makes it seem like a Bengals home game
Kickers like Seibert make me appreciate Tucker even more
How many 4th quarters will Lamar miss this year? 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
"Odell said coach, when I said I wanted to get shitted on, this is not what I meant"
"DO YOU DARE FUCK WITH JOHN ""SPECIAL TEAMS ARE WHAT I CUT MY TEETH ON YOU IGNORANT WHELPS"" HARBAUGH????"
why run  a 2 minute offense when you can run a 43 second offense
Bowser is having the best game among the edge defenders.
[“ThE bRoWns WiLl fInAlLy pUt iT tOgEtHeR tHiS YeAr” - @NFL_Memes](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eh0Z51VXsAEpjJ0.jpg)
Peters basically Fortnite dancing over a crying OBJ is the best thing to come from this game so far
Was that Queen?  He's had a pretty sharp game.
DOBBY IS A FREE ELF
Calais Campbell looks like a huge terrifying baby
This no Dan Fouts thing is pretty cool man
I sat JK in fantasy AMA
I really hope Ronnie is just out to be cautious.
The fanbases may hate each other but I always like seeing the players themselves being friendly after the game
"Shout out to the Browns' SB Nation site, Dawgs By Nature.

Two of their ""journalists"" picked the Browns to beat the Ravens. On the road. Week 1. After losing Week 1 games....for 15 years in a row."
Bro you let it roll from the 20??
Last year Lamar looked liked Lamar. So far this year lamar looks like Lamar+Prime Rodgers.
I think Lamar could legit repeat as mvp god damn hes making this look too easy
THE 2X MVP OHHHHH BOYS ITS COMIN
Browns fans thought Kitchens was the problem lol
CALAIS BATTING MORE BALLS THAN THE O’S
Reminder that the Browns took Baker first overall and Lamar fell to 32
Patrick queen is a beauty. Forced fumble on Chubb to setup fret field position and did very good the rest of the game.
Anyone else just constantly upvoting in the Game thread? Lol
Even when the browns do something good they still mess it up
Lol they still missed the XP
"smart play lamar, it's okay to be inches short. no reason to get blown up."
Still can’t get over the fact that we have all these RBs and we fucking gave it to Ricard
99 yard drive friends. you just love to see it.
Patrick Queen has 1 sack and is leading the team in tackles so far...looking good
"Imma be honest, Lamar looks *better* then last year and thats fucking insane."
Need4Snead
"I have to say, I enjoy it when we win going away.   When we get and stay ahead by a lot.

My blood pressure is down.  
I am nicer to my family when they ask who is winning.   
I just pet the dog, he's a good boy."
PQ is not playing like a rookie.
Let Sam Koch play QB for a series.
I hope they show more Baker Mayfield commercials.  It's his best play.
"i agree with everyone that there are holes in the defense that i think they could work on, but the defense held them to 6 points. you can't overlook that."
"more like kareem cunt

rekt"
Lamar's precision is amazing so far
Pay Lamar whatever the hell he wants idc
"So Lamar is still pretty good, huh? 99 yard TD drive and 35 second end of half TD drive, no biggie. 

Hollywood with over 100 yards, at the half, lol."
Glad to see Humphrey back on the field regardless of flags tbh
"Lamar's so good, man, what the hell"
Fluker is looking solid! Just let Ronnie sit out the rest of the game and get healthy.
"With no fans, Lamar is just gonna think every game is in the Dolphins stadium and put up 60 every time"
Patrick Queen is the man. I am buying his jersey right now and worrying about my finances later
Delay of game on 4th and 1 when youre going for it. The blunders theyve made today are on brand
Harbs the game is over Take Lamar out just tempting fate rn
"even up 38-6, lamar still pissed when it doesnt work out for 1 drive"
Cleveland 0-16 for openers. Jesus Christ.
Letting RG3 play after Lamar puts on an old fashioned ass whopping. Some things never change
"It must suck to have high hopes for the season and expect to show out on opening day only to shit the bed so badly you're playing the other team's backups in the 4th quarter. Then again, if you're the Browns you're used to it."
"It’s nice to have a lead like this, these 4th quarters can serve as preseason games for the rookies and guys that don’t start."
"Ravens rookie report: - @jonas_shaffer

* Patrick Queen: team-high nine tackles, sacks, forced fumble
* J.K. Dobbins: two rushing TDs
* Tyre Phillips: starting RG
* Devin Duvernay: 32 yards per kick return
* Malik Harrison: four tackles, one pass defense"
I got a medium pizza for the whole afternoon and I’ve already eaten 75% of it
Is Calais the best football player ever? I swear I have no evidence to the contrary so far.
Since the Titan game i haven't tuned into anything football related. Heart was too broken. Im ready to heal now.
Judon is overrated. Pretty good pass rush but has never done much against the run game
Remember that bomb that he threw to Hollywood week 1 against the Dolphins... kinda looked similar THATS OUR GUY
Too many mistakes guys. Too. Many. Mistakes.
Anyone else notice how much more active these game threads are compared to the start of the season last year? Crazy how much bigger this sub got in 1 year.
"Damn queen fell down, he woulda murdered baker just now"
"gotta give odell a pass, he got a lot of shit on his chest right now"
"My Dad: It would be a nice if they got a field goal before half-time.

***Ravens Touchdown***

Me: They like to exceed expectations!"
"Let's face it, Lamar Jackson just doesn't have the skill set to become a good NFL QB.  

They should try him at wide receiver."
"I can see it now during halftime.

Boomer: Ravens are only up by a little.  Baker has him right where he wants them.

Cowher: something something something Big Ben something."
I love fighting with people on Facebook who are mad that the Ravens kneeled
Lamar's worked on his passing. He's not even to his final form
158.3
"remember guys, everyone solved lamar last year."
"A lot of shitting on Baker today, but that graphic from earlier really put it into perspective for me, personally. 4 head coaches, 4 offensive coordinators in 30 games. No one succeeds in that situation. No one ***improves*** in that situation.

Browns did this to themselves. They ruined a QB with a lot of promise."
I cannot stress how much I've missed football (+ this sub on gamedays)
People actually thought the browns might win. Can ya believe that
LETS GO. Free agent money is paying off early
That was an awfully big truss
I love that Lamar seemed content to just throw it away instead of trying to extend too much. Take the 3 and go up two scores.
The no fans shit is gonna be a wet dream for kickers dude
"Again, our outside rush and edge setting is trash. 

This is why we don't pay Judon and go get a real OLB who can edge set and pass rush"
"Smart move, it's ok to be short here"
Good job getting out of bounds but thats a first down
"So far we just look sloppy, which is ok I guess considering no preseason. However the D-Line has looked inconsistent at best and needs to get their act together fast."
Loved EVERYTHING about that drive. Dobbins looking fresh and Lamar shared the ball with EVERY receiver. So awesome
"I was just peeking at the browns thread and someone said ""They could have gone on a 500 yard drive had they wanted to."" Lolol"
“Rivalry through the years but it has been dominated by Baltimore.” hell yeah it has 😈😈
"Mark Andrews on pace for 64 touch downs this year.



Dedicating this season to the mario 64 re-release."
I love Andrews but I wish Boykin would have made that TD. It was a perfect throw by Lamar
Can’t wait till this team drops 50 on Washington. I hate Washington.
"Browns went from potentially being one score difference in the half to OBJ dropping a wide open pass, missing a field goal, and then the Ravens proceeding the score a touchdown while getting the ball in the second half

Well done Browns"
Yo Hollywood is over 100 yards already? Goddamn son
[Cheers to a great first half of football everyone.](https://i.imgur.com/zJ1hzWo.jpg)
If we think about it. Browns have one of the most disruptive db duos and lamar is still absolutely melting their defense
Takitaki with the tackle tackle lmfao
Lol @ browns fans who said Lamar couldn’t throw and is 0-2 in playoffs
Everybody complaining about pass rush and we get a huge sack 😂👌🙌
Freddie Kitchens is LOL'ing right now.
"Hats off to Baker for getting his money from commercials. If the Browns are smart, he’s not getting a second contract"
"I know, rivalry and fuck the browns and what not, but holy shit, Baker's regression and not living up to any amount of initial draft hype is staggering. Browns may start looking at drafting a new QB. 

He's just awful. His O-Line can't even be blamed this time. He's just not good at football."
"Patrick Queen at 8 tackles, 1 sack, 1 TFL, and now 1 FF. I think we made a solid pick #truzzzzzzz"
Rookies look sick. Great draft
*Somewhere Ray Rice nods in his approval*
Loving this draft class. Queen and Dobbins definitely going to be my first jerseys.
I think they are keeping Lamar in since there hasn't been any preseason games this year
Deshon Elliot lost his damn mind 😂
"Sandusky just said “stefanski is not using his timeouts, we appreciate that. No reason to prolong the obvious” 💀💀💀💀💀"
"So, I like all our rookies"
"“Great American comeback”

200,000 dead and counting, millions unemployed...can’t wait to get the Cheeto out of office"
"Browns, man. Why’d Cleveland want their team back again?"
we need to sign tony siragusa back
Damn Lamar breaking ankles again lmao
Holy shit Lamar that was bang on
Rookie mistake by Proche
This is a joke right? Some sort of ProchePrank™️?
can we get u/Ancient_Frosting6461 banned? why is he here?
what a catchhhhh good lord. credit where credit is due. too bad obj didn't do it or we'd see that replay every day for the next month.
"Just a good catch, can't be mad at that."
Oof young just got screwed on that catch. Matched up against a guy a foot taller
LMAO! I love the waving tube men all over the stadium 😂😂
69 yards in 35 seconds.....
Notes: Ravens good Browns bad
But is Lamar Jackson an Elite ficus tree in a painted terracotta pot?
"As a fan who’ve been following since the Dilfer/Wright/Boller days, I still can’t believe the offense I see on a weekly basis now. If you’re young, consider yourself lucky watching the 🐐 show"
"imagine if Pat didn't fumble the ball, it could have been 31-6"
"This is the offense that Flacco, Rice, Q, Torrey, Mason, Pitta, Heap, Jamal, McGahee, Boller, all died for.

Channel their power into one ultimate LJ8"
peters better have a mic 😂 you KNOW hes talking hella shit
So that guy made a one-handed catch 46 years ago and still considered a top wr?
These scrubs really love grabbing face masks
Marcus Peters straight DXing the browns. OBJ really thought he was going anywhere with the browns 😂
Harbaugh lookin like a Star Wars bounty hunter or something
Why the hell do they keep facemasking us?
Best QB in the NFL fight me
Lamar is basically Micheal Jordan
"""tHey goNa haVe FiLm on lAmaR tHiS yEar"""
The AT&T girl...my first and only love.
">Quite a debut for #Ravens first-round rookie Patrick Queen. He has a team-high eight tackles, a sack and now a forced fumble. - @AaronKazreports"
Alright boys we got him. I love Patrick queen.
Can we just hang 40 on them. I’m tired of the week 4 super bowl making Cleveland think they play us tough.
JK Rolling.
Ok let’s put RGIII in per usual
It's always nice when the opposing team loses all hope and just starts running out the clock for us
Anyone else reward yourself after ravens game even though we had nothing to do with it. Like I’m telling myself I get chipotle tonight.
I’m getting a little upset that Lamar is still in the game
God this incredible. Ljax continuing to shit on teams so hard that the 4th quarter is just irrelevant
To be honest... we need to thank the Browns at this point for only doing running plays. Its free training on it.
Lol wtf Elliot is so weird
"1-0.

Get fucked cleveland"
That’ll do pig. That’ll do.
"Cleveland: alright, we've got them where we want them at the one yard line!

Lamar: you fools. You absolute buffoons."
Calais campbell is an absolute unit. Even when kneeling
Campbell looking like a game WRECKER!
Baker being Baker. I love it! LFG RAVENS!
Great to see Mayfield in mid-season form already
Lamar got that Ed reed genes
"Browns D Line is top level. Tough matchup for our young O Line. Chemistry and reps, we'll get there hopefully."
Our defense is so hit or miss. One second I think we’re the best in the league then the next second I’m wondering wtf is going on.
LaMaR cAnT tHrOw
Judon u fucking idiot
Holy shit Queen is lightning speed
Should've caught that punt rookie
Odell is enjoying getting shit on
That drive was pure bliss
DOBBINS IS A FREE ELF
[deleted]
Did those assholes really just show Jamal in the Browns shirzy?
Did they just show J Lew in a Cleveland uniform? Don't ever fucking let me see that again.
Queen was going to kill his ass. Stay on your damn feet
Such a weird game feels like Cleveland is down 3 but I feel like we should be up by 20...
This is why I will not tolerate Lamar slander.
Mandrews is the best TE in football dont @ me
"Patrick queen w 5 tackles and a sack.. love to see it

Harrison got a blocked pass too"
Nice to see John Brown doing well in Buffalo
MP JUICEMANE TOLD THE HOMEGIRL TO SIT THE FUCK DOWN
Browns players really love grabbing facemasks huh
The Browns need to lay off those facemasks.  That's three today.
"Browns special teams is going to get a talking to after this.  Missed PAT, missed FG, fake punt failed, and two facemasks when kicking to Baltimore.  Oof."
"""Taki Taki with a tackle tackle"" early favorite for best call of the year"
The Baltimore Ravens currently have 69 rushing yards
FEEDING THE SNEAD!!
Lamar came down from a higher league.
Lamar Jackson is my dad
Lamar is here to save us from 2020
"19-0 here we come 

Let’s overreact"
GOD DAMN IT FEELS GOOD TO BE A RAVENS FAN
"Mandrews is elite.

Humphrey is elite.

Stanley is elite.

Lamar is elite."
My best friend (Redskins fan) bet me $30 the Browns would score 30 points against us. Cant wait to buy chicky tendies with my money
QUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN
THIS IS THE BEATDOWN I NEEDED TODAY!! PATRICK QUEEN!
I dont want to overreact but Queen will be a HOFer
Queen already way better than peanut
I will say this for Baker Mayfield: It looks like he’s lost some weight.
Jesus lamar don't do that shit to me almost gave me a fucking stroke
"Master has given dobby a sock.

DOBBY IS FREE"
"Thought Lamar got rocked there, but 23 destroyed his own team mate"
Calais is blocking shots like Dikembe Mutumbo.
Our offseason additions have played great today. We’re so blessed to go from Ozzie to Decosta.
Baker is trash. Perfect Cleveland QB.
I sorted the comments on the Browns sub by live and found the factory of sadness in to be in perfect working order.
Stop drinking John and take Lamar out
"It doesn’t make sense man, the browns have consistently been garbage but their fans are the loudest shit talkers of any team I’ve ever seen"
looks like the Browns player twisted Lamar's knee on that last tackle
LMAO I love hearing the on field chatter
Think about this: we’re probably seeing less than 25% of the playbook tonight. This is more like a preseason game than anything.
"You know your team is deep when you can't choose your next jersey.

I'm leaning toward Humphrey but JK, Duvernay, Dobbins,  Brown, Boykin have made choice harder."
Is Cleveland just accepting the loss with the run-run-pass for the last two drives?
Mo's watching his first Ravens game today ☹️
Shout out to Phil Simms picking us to go to the Super Bowl
"I live in AZ, Calais Cambell used to frequent a Panera near where I work. He looks a lot bigger in person."
Not Dan Fouts 😊
Ravens games always take a few years off my life due to the stress lmao
Was he running toward the Mo section?
"#MIKEMIKEMIKEMIKE

#HUMP DAYYYYY"
MANDREWS
"HE'S A MAN, SUCH A MAN.....drews"
Mark Andrews and Calais Campbell are dudes.
I don’t think there’s enough to overturn this
This shouldn't be a question at all. Clear TD
"""The most accurate kicker in NFL history.""

I love that every. single. time."
I’m fucking laughing hysterically. Fucking clowns
You know a fake is obvious when a out of shape dumbass like me on a couch can tell it’s coming
"Taking bets for Cleveland fans to start saying fire stefanski, I got before week 3."
I just don’t understand the process of deciding to fake a punt.if you make it you still have to go 60 yards against our defense. If you don’t make it and we score a TD this game is over. They got lucky.
Like Stefanski  harbs is a special teams coach why would you fake it so early. Its 3 free points.
Defense getting manhandled this drive
Defense needs to regroup. We need an edge setter.
They outta review that. Looked pretty close to a first
I'm so mad draft heads really looked at his tape with a straight face and said he couldn't throw. Fuck them. Seriously.
Run D needs serious help
This game thread is bipolar. Some of y’all have bigger issues
4th and 41 — they should go for it!
You have to catch that shit dude
Does Hollywood look blurry on anyone else's screen?
Hollywood cooked his corner like toast and got like 8 yards separation
DOBBINS WITH THE FIRST OF MANY
10 plays. 99 yards.
Ingram is such a great teammate. Getting hype for a young player in his position
Okay so this draft class is looking like one for the books they’re sick!
"That is just a picture perfect drive, holy fuck."
Lamar bailing out punt returner by marching down 99yds!!
That drive was like a sitcom intro where every player gets to say hi - love seeing everyone get involved
"99 yard TD drive, love to see it"
"That's cool browns, put us at the 1 yard line. 

Just more points for Lamar to rake up in fantasy."
Queen charging in there like a heat seeking missile and knocking himself out in the process lmao
LLAMAS HUNGRY. HUNGRY FOR SOME GOAT.
Anyone know who was the NFL MVP last season?
"that was such a surgical drive by Lamar, literally picked them apart"
Hollywood already with 101 yards in the 1st half
What a drive... clinical at every level. Ravens looking scary good
Lamar Jackson has a perfect passer rating
"Hollywood is on track for roughly 10,000 yards this year"
Keep feeding Hollywood. Dude is killing it every opportunity he has had.
Can't believe I was worried about playing the Browns. Absolute scrubs
Lamar has a perfect QB rating through the first half!
just a good rush. you hate to see it.
"went 3-and-out???? pack it up, lamar is washed, guys. everyone was right smh /s"
I absolutely love MP juice man's  energy hes such a fucking asshole I love it
Worst part of no fans? No boos on bad calls.
DID SOMEONE ORDER SOME JUICE
"Stanley questionable to return, my stomach is in my asshole"
"Friendly reminder that the Browns could have taken this man first, but they went for Baker Mayfield."
Wait....everyone told me Lamar can't throw.
It’s fuckin automatic for this kid holy shit
2020 Ravens offense is looking wild.
"the defensive approach of: stop the run, stop amdrews, make lamar throw to the WRs just got jacked"
Lamar is literally on cruise control right now. He’s not even running really.
We are so fucking spoiled! Imagine having to watch Sam Darnold or Mitchell Trubisky every Sunday? No thanks!
[deleted]
Is this sub being moderated?   Trolls not trolling today?    Being down by 25 sure shuts people up.
"Browns got that WAP

Weak

Armed

Pendejo"
I for one embrace the new bowser memes. What a fucking game hes had!
Bengals Browns Thursday night ....haha
I disagree about benching lamar. Give him his reps.
Did Queen force that fumble?
Fumble and a sack by Queen today love what im seeing
##YAS QUEEN
How the fuck were we even able to get Queen and Dobbins in the draft?
I feel for Gus but man Dobbins is for real!
JK THROBBINS
[Justice Hill watching JK Dobbins and Ingram lock up RB1&2](https://i.imgur.com/XXKWiOP.jpg)
"Between Chubb and Hunt, Cleveland seems like they should be more dangerous.  I think it’s all scheme."
man Campbell is one big dude
Ich liebe Calais Campbell.
Campbell's going to have a pick six before the end of the year
Why is Jackson still in?
Painfully obvious illegal block in the back. Missed call
Good Edwards still a beast
"RG3 > Baker

Jaleel Scott > OBJ"
FOH with these Trump ads
"I don’t normally post in other teams threads but I came to say I was so freaking wrong about Lamar. Decisive, confident, athletic. I wasn’t one of the d-bags that posted all over the place about him but I certainly thought his initial success was due more to the situational awareness of his coaching staff. Wow, was I wrong. Deep ball, touch, quick hitters. And if you can stop that, then you have to account for his legs. Stud for sure."
Thanks for all the wake up calls guys. We're pretty awake
The Ravens media team is easily the best in the league. It’s not even fucking close
Lol fuck the browns
"I have a confession, guys

I really, really, really hate the cleveland browns"
"I think I’m gonna change it up this season. Instead of smoking a bunch of weed during the game, I’m going to smoke a fuckton of weed during the game. 

Will let you know the results."
Fuck Covid the bank should be rocking
Let's fucking goooooo
let the humping begin
Baker Mayfield already getting a headstart on his redemption journey back to 21 picks!!!!
HOLY FUCK PUT MAYFIELD IN HIS PLACE WOOO
He really was trying to toss it.  At first blush I thought he just fumbled at Ingram.  That's some Ed Reed mojo there.
HOLY SHIT
How the fuck do you leave lamar jacksons favorite target so wide open?
#MAMA THERE GOES THAT MANDREWS AGAIN
Let's fucking goooooo!!!!! TOUCHDOWN CONFIRMED
Cleveland Clowns 🤡
"Yo this shit almost seems unfair, browns are getting spanked"
Oh my god I forgot about Garrett. Don’t touch my quarterback!!
"Watching Red Zone, did the Browns really try a fake punt from their own side?"
I enjoy when the browns run a fake punt run on their own 30. I deeply enjoy it
Browns D looking good run/rush wise. Our offense looking good though for being the first real game. I’m super happy with how we look so far.
O-line looking rusty
Pretty sure I heard a player yell “You’re the fucking guy” after Tucker kicked that one. Love having the GOAT kicker on our squad
Henry is licking his lips rn
Damn I miss Freddie Kitchens. Get him back!
Donk
What a shitty defensive performance that drive was
Nick Chubb scares me
I really don't understand a reality where Judon doesn't know better than that
Judon can’t make big plays so he makes dumb plays instead
Lot of rust gotta get through it. We need a signature long TD drive here and finish out the half up 11. We get the ball to start the 2nd
"Browns look so bad right now lol granted we look rusty but they look absolutely incompetent Rn. As a chubb fantasy owner, I’m pretty mad they’re using anyone but him. Baker looks clueless out there and I’m rooting for the cocky fuck."
"Ok Pat, you redeemed yourself"
Y'all need to remember that a lot of these players are literally kids and without a preseason mistakes are going to be made
Boykin is a fun name to say
can’t even describe how happy i am to have this team back holy shot
"I've got a need.

#A NEED FOR SNEAD"
"i am respectfully asking that the ravens go ahead and put this one away now, i have homework i should be doing."
"NGL, if the browns were a bit more consistent they'd be a really scary team. Their blitzes are insane, they are going to fucking eat stationary quarterbacks. Just penalties and miscues holding them back"
Marlo was on the field lmao why they saying he's questionable?
[deleted]
they showed that highlight of mason rudolph . . . why exactly?
"Browns game thread is a treat.

Just read. Don't comment! Don't be a jerk!"
"Huh, go figure...solid running game and controlling the clock. IF ONLY WE KEPT THIS IDENTITY IN THE FUCKING PLAYOFFS."
"Ladies and Gentlemen, many people still consider that guy the best WR in the league"
I’m LOVING how Jackson is scrambling to find his receivers and not just taking off on the run.  Really showing progression.
69 yard drive... nice
Mark Andrews is just shitting all over the Browns
Lamar Jackson
"Bruh I'm at work (retail, busy market street, nobody in the store rn) and I just got a complaint from our neighbors lmao. Yelling ""LETS GOOO"" too loud by myself."
69 yard drive. Nice
Man I missed football!
"adjust andrews' rating, ea"
Were gonna see some rg3 today arent we
Stoned enjoying my Sunday. GO RAVENS
Browns have a kicker problem and also a problem scoring and also a problem stopping Lamar
"god it's so crazy to be a fan of this ravens team after being a fan during the kyle boller years lmao, i've NEVER seen a ravens offense like this -- been a fan all my life"
Tuckers house is beautiful
My heart I got worried about Stanley and lamar
Koch I haven’t seen you in like 2 years
"""wait, I get to play?"" Sam Koch, probably"
That was a shit series to start the 2nd half
$75000/punt.
I love Peters...so much swagger
That’s at least 2 near picks we’ve missed today. This defense is gonna be nasty
This team would be absolutely deadly with a healthy von miller on it
I enjoy that Marcus Peters comes from the Terrell Suggs school of who cares if everyone outside of Baltimore hates you. Respect.
Jeezuz. That was a laser from Lamar
Why didn’t the Browns just follow the Titans and Chargers playbook?
MV Peat
##I FEEL THE NEED. THE NEED. FOR SNEAD
"This is Lamar's world, we're just living in it!"
LAMAR!!!!! 16/20. Get it dude!!!!!!
"what an absolute perfect pass, lamar i love you so much!!"
LaMaR's StAtS aRe GoInG tO rEgReSs
It’s a good time to be a ravens fan
Need to get Hollywood that TD
Not trying to be spoiled but the pass rush sucks.
Your first down is in another castle Baker
I guess we'll see RGIII later today
Tyus Bowser has had a few really nice plays today!
Bowser looking like Ravens typically do during the last year of their rookie deal 😂
Sucks we gotta wait a week to see if we are actually good lol
"Haters, this is why Lamar doesn't have Mahomes stats. He don't ever got to play the 4th quarter."
THANKS FOR THE BALL LMAO
Patrick Queen has had a few highlight plays today.
"I fucking LOVE when our new guys get involved and excited, QUEEEEEEEEEN"
I love seeing Queen look so happy! Falling in love with the Ravens like the rest of us
"From the Browns thread:

My dad: ""pretty soon and those cardboard fans are gonna start leaving."""
Ohio fans so conflicted right now. JK ALL DAY
"Bruh, Dobbins is eating"
JK DOBBINS IS THE MAN
**STUNT ON THESE HOES**
"Doritos commercial...""Brady polished his helmet...""🍆"
Payback for last year bitches 😈
someone making a truck backing up noise picked up on tv
Odell gonna request a trade
O line looking a Bit rough
"Love Lamar's intensity, up by 32, and still wants to get his guys moving downfield"
Ah yes keep these graphics up with the browns I’m almost there baby
Maybe if Baker wasn’t too occupied covering all the fucking seats in a stadium individually he could have actually picked up a football during the off season.
Gotta love happy beers on a Sunday.
"Ah yes, my blood pressure has been too calm for too long.  LET’S FUCKING GOOOOOOO!!!"
That anthem was beautiful!
What an incredible job by those kids on the Anthem!!
Calais almost got a pick in coverage 😂😂😂
That’s a clean pick!!! Yea HUMP
HUMPHREYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
MARLON HUMPHREY IS THE GREATEST MAN ALIVE
Marlon loves a interception
Somethings just never change huh
"LETS FUCKING GO.

Up at 3am in Australia to watch the game and loving our defense in the early showings!"
Pick BABEEEEEEEE!!!!
"That’s some Wink magic right there. Make no mistake, Baker had no fucking clue he’d be seeing Calais Campbell in any sort of coverage today."
Calais Campbell is a baaaaaad man
Browns had a decent drive going. Glad we stopped the momentum
"3rd time in last 5 games with drive-opening int

LMAO"
"hmm, guess Lamar hasn't been figured out. 

Strange."
lamar almost missed him because he didnt expect him to be so damn open
LOLOLOL FUCK CLEVELAND
Good god I love making the Browns look stupid
Not even mad. Take the 3 points. Easy.
Has the NFL finally figured Lamar Jackson out?? /s
"""STILL FUCKIN' GOT IT"""
[deleted]
Chubb giving me ptsd.
Where's that improved d line?
"Hold the fucking edge, it is all the Browns do against us well, make them run inside"
A little worried that we seemed to have abandoned the blitz. Our defense was built on those cover 0 blitzes last year. Hopefully we’re not scared to run them now without Earl but I’d expect to see it over the next couple drives.
"Lots of new parts in this D remember. 
There will be growing pains with two rookies starting at ILB"
Even when the browns do good they still manage to fuck something up...
Hayden Hurst just made a huge catch for the Falcons
This tiktok commercial can fuck off.
HOLLYWOOOOOOOOD
GOD DAMN WHAT A THROW
I love how you can just TELL when Lamar throws it that it's gonna be good. You don't have to pray while the ball is in the air. You just KNOW it's gonna be good.
That play works in madden 100% of the time too lol
I'm sick of fucking cute plays. Just give it to a runningback.
God I forgot how awful game threads are
"3rd and 41, that's browns for ya"
Love you Queen 👑
"3rd and 41, god bless the Browns"
That was much better defense! Well Done!
Do these announcers not sound like they’re reading their madden scripts or what?
Proche please.
Horrible move by Proche.
Marlin hurt shoulder is questionable
Lamars Arm though 👀
LaMaR cAnT tHrOw
What surgical drive from their own 1 yd line!
That’s an NFL looking Dobbins right there.
10 plays for 99 yards. This is what team work looks like
Thank you NE for Dobbins
"Ravens were like ""We're gonna give you guys good field position. Lol, JK"""
"As a British fan, your commercials are wild 😂"
Let’s get this ball back.
MARLO IS BACK
Good job Odell now you're at 0 yards including your -15
It's crazy to think that Darnold might actually get benched for Joe this year and there are still people who think he's better than Lamar
OBJ SHOOKETH
OBJ dropped that like he likes deuces dropped on him
Seibert might not be let on the plane back home to Cleveland.
Lamar is evading pressure and punishing it with his arms. He looks really good out there
Why do they pretend like Mahomes is so much better than Lamar?
Fucking beautiful clock management.
God that fucking drive. We are so lucky to have Lamar.
Lamar looks soo much better and Hollywood is on his way of becoming a great number 1 receiver in this league. Mandrews looks phenomenal as always..offense sans that fumble has been firing on all cylinders.
"Looks like JK is the guy , already"
"I hope we turn up the fan volume, the stadium is too quiet!"
That was a good defensive play
what is the pxp comments?
"Not super worried about Stanley, if it felt serious he probably wouldn't be standing on the sideline."
is it just me or does lamars passing look so much more refined
i hereby announce my vote for Jackson/Andrews in this year's presidential election
The touch on that throw...christ...
Lamar looks better throwing than last year. His ball placement has been ridiculously good.
####MVP; MVP; MVP
Last year week 1 I was full of questions about Lamar. This year I had questions of if he could keep it up. In 5 years I expect lamar to throw a TD every throw he's just non stop getting better
NEEEEEED FOR SNEEEEEAD IV: BIG WILLIE EDITION
This is a slaughter.
LAMAR JUST MAKES IT LOOK EASY!
"Damm, another game where Lamar doesn't have to finish the 4th 😍"
Lamar > Mahomes
"75% completion percentage, 3 TDs, not bad for a quarterback

30 yards carried. Pretty shit, for a running back"
Honestly fuck Earl Thomas.
I didn’t think it was possible Lamar Jackson looks miles ahead of where he was last year. His accuracy and touch throwing the ball is impeccable. He’s throwing the ball like Peyton Manning while keeping the mobility of Lamar Jackson.
I see this is finally the year the Browns take the division eh?
"OBJ has been horrible. Drops, mistakes, penalties. Why is he even out there?"
"I, for one, am a huge fan of Baker Mayfield. I hope this is their QB of the future and we get to see him many more times :)"
How long before OBJ has a meltdown on the field?
A good old fashioned 15 yard 2 and out. Love to see it
"Me: Wtf why'd we give Chubb so many extra yar....oh fuck yes, fumble!!!!!"
Patrick Queen has arrived already. Goddamn playmaker
Score one more time and take Lamar out please. Along with rest of the starters on O. Long season ahead. Rest up for the long haul. This is enough practice. Save energy for real teams.
Queen is great
LJ Fort got hired because of the Browns game...and now he is destroying them. I don't know what it means but I'm for it.
Heard a very clear 'FUCK YEAH!' after that play. Having no fans in the stadium really clears up the audio lol.
fucking LJ Fort. im glad he made a home in Baltimore.  Steelers really fucked up on not resigning him
Chill Lamar
"Master has given Dobbins the ball. 

DOBBINS. IS. FREEEEEE!"
The Browns hit each other harder than they hit Lamar.
Dobbins what a fucking steal he was
27 never looked better
I’m about to nut. jk DOBBBBBBBBINNNNSS
"JK is in on my fantasy team, y’all need to belee more"
THINGS YOU LOVE TO SEE: IT
[deleted]
RG4th Quarter
Are we gonna see rgiii?
Hopefully Ronnie is ok. That's the only thing I care about right now.
"Brown be nimble, Brown be quick

Brown is telling the Browns to suck his dick."
DJ Fluker is awful. I really hope Stanley is okay.
I feel like if we tackled Mayfield like that it would be a flag.
🍌⏰
colts lost to the Jacksonville Tanks lmao
RG3 TAKE US HOME!
Lmao our RBs are so legit it's not even funny. I love our back stable
"game number one of lamar sitting. what'd he have last year, 4?"
Not the first time this week OBJ's been shitted on
Wink kneeling? Invite his ass to the BBQ
Not a Ravens fan. Lamar is so fucking good. Dude is a better magician than Doctor Strange.
"LOL all you band wagoners, shittin on Big Truss."
I think I need to see a doctor my erection hasn't gone down in 24 hrs
"Checking in from Vancouver, British Columbia! Big Truss!"
Fuck the browns
Brooo this has been the longest hour of my life. Holy shit its been 12 o clock for weeks it feels like
Well the browns coach doesn’t look like a complete moron so that’s an upgrade for them I guess
My truss has literally never been larger than it is right now. Should I call a doctor?
Ingram's got his game face on.
Fuck you Cleveland
Baker Mayfield getting the Browns into form early.
Humphrey!!! Campbell!!!
HUMP!!
FUCK YEAH
DUDE! Humphrey is always in the best spot for picks. Like we know he is great but he seems to always be there for deflections.
Humphrey is our #1 receiver atm
ICH LIEBE CALAIS CAMPBELL
"Calais already coming in strong. 2 knockdowns, one leads to an INT. I'm so ready to see what this man can do all year."
The Ravens D now leads the league in interceptions and passes blocked.
I just remembered that Yanda is gone. Fuck.
Not bad for a limited edition Hello Kitty plush keychain.
The lack of fan noise really sucks
That was a ridiculous catch
What a snag by Mandrews!
Well I'm rock hard
#MANDREWS
I’m glad that throw was a little high. That’s going to look **sooo** much better on the highlight reel.
It was a catch even though he did lose control of the ball he regained it inbounds.
I wonder if Browns fans are still gonna say they have our number when Lamar advances to 3-1 against them?
What's there to review? That's as obvious as day
MANDREWS !! What a catch
We’re going to the Super Bowl
It’s way too early in the season to be asking the existential question of what’s a catch?
I took a dump and it looked like the browns logo. Is there a problem? Should I see a doctor?
Does Baker realize these games count?
"GET THAT SHIT OUTTA HERE

I KNEW IT WAS COMING LMAO"
I AM LAUGHING SO HARD
"One of us yelled "" you not built like that!!!"" Sounded like Levine, lol"
Gonna remind everyone: this is the first real game action for both teams. Both offenses are going to be rusty. Both defenses are naturally going to play better
Browns already looking stupid on the first game of the season
"Tucker is so automatic it's amazing.

I keep forgetting how blessed we are to have such an accurate kicker. When I watch other teams I cringe at their kickers since they miss so often (compared to Tucker at least)"
"This Browns D line is looking good, ngl. The offense naturally needs time to adjust, it's normal"
"Yikes, gotta do better on run defense"
"runs set them up, we need to stop the fucking run"
we can't all be tucker.
Blown coverage.  Ugh.
Linebackers have to fill gaps and play sideline to sideline
Even when the browns do something good they manage to fuck it up lol
We got turnovers on 2/3 possessions so far there’s no need to panick. Chubb and Hunt are two very good backs
NOT BAD FOR A RUNNINGBACK
God I love Hollywood!
Why try to be fancy? We have Ingram and Lamar ffs.
Horrible result but it’s not completely his fault. Just rust.
"""scoring is going to be a problem for the jets"" lolllllll"
This is where we are really missing the crowd noise.
4th and 41 lmaoooooo browns
"i stand corrected on that penalty hurting us, Browns have managed to Brown there way back to their side of the field and got nothing off the initial turnover"
I don't understand why he didn't catch that punt?
Marlo Questionable with his shoulder
Dumb simple mistake after another
"Coulda, shoulda, woulda downed that earlier....

That 4th and 41 drive is still one of the most beautiful drives I've seen, though."
Marlon has a shoulder injury and is questionable to return hopefully it’s not too bad. Favorite player
Smart to go back to Ricard  you can't let one funble early ruin a whole season
Hollywood’s looking great
Dobbins ain’t no lil boy.
JK sighting. Could be the start of something fellas
99 yards inject this shit into my veins
What a fucking rebound drive and give the defense a chance to rest up. Amazing. Lamar didn't rush once either I don't think.
I need to see that Ingram Jk dance again. Someone have that?
What a beautiful drive by Lamar n Company. Lamar looking even better as a passer wow
OUR ROOKIES ARE 🔥
Ray Ri.. I mean Dobbins looking good
Lamar looking very good.
God damn its such a good time to be a Ravens fan
99 yards in 10 plays
any update on marlon?
Shades of ray rice!!
JK BUT HE AINT JOKING
Fun fact. That 2001 Miami wild card game featured George W Bush choking on a pretzel and nearly dying.
I really wish they would stop with this Monstars shit...
So weird with nobody in the stands
Damn that a a great catch
Holy fuck what a catch
ok that was a good catch by njoku
damn good catch though
"All things considered, I think it’s comforting to see the offense actually putting it somewhat together. 

Some of these offenses are looking ROUGH."
PxP - summary of last sequence - the browns browned.
"Obj had a lot of shit on his mind, that's why he dropped the ball"
Snead has really been a great addition to this team. Glad we have him.
"Man, OBJ is really playing like he's got something on his chest."
"guys, i'm straight up having a good time."
This is the first time I have ever said it and meant it but lamar is the best QB in the game
"And coming out of half, we'll take 8 minutes on 75 yards rushing to get us 31"
Lamar Jackson
Absolutely nothing has changed since last year with our offense
Baker Mayfield is like “What the hell just happened?”
Like a hot knife through butter
Lamar looking like a back to back MVP here
I’m poppin a natty. Feels good boys.
Do the browns know theres a game
MVP! MVP! MVP!
"LJ looking sharp today! Hollywood is a game changer now he’s fully fit too, unreal start to the season"
got that 158.3 at halftime
Ugh I hate the patriots but like Cam Newton
"Holy fuck, another Rodgers bombs away TD pass"
"Defense tightened up late in the half, I hope those early big rushes were just the D brushing the rust off."
"Last season was legit the funnest season ever as a fan, man it feels good to pick up from where we left off"
"Seems like the defense has stiffened up a bit, not sure how much of that is just on the Browns having to abandon the run for the most part as the lead grows but we'll see.

Queen doing well so far, got in on that sack and is leading the team in tackles so far. Harrison has been a mixed bag when he's in, had that tip that should've been intercepted but also horribly misplayed the long Chubb run early on, solid overall though.

Lamar is just carving them up, rushing offense really hasn't done much with just 60 total yards which I'm sure in shocking the media right now.

Score could be even more lopsided if we didn't have Ricard's first (and last) run leading to a fumble"
Are we going to have a game thread for love island?
Can we appreciate the epic hair of Wink? Good lord that is majestic
Let’s hear it for a CBS game without Fouts
I don’t watch football a lot (my favorite league is NBA) but god damn Lamar JACKSON IS MY FAVORITE ATHLETE EVER HES SO FUCKING GOOD
Hate 3rd down penaltys
refs tryna make this a game so bad
"Goodell pushed the ""Make this game closer"" button"
Refs deciding that Marlon is no longer allowed to play defense
#ENOUGH WITH THESE FLAGS REFS WTF
OBJ playing like his kink.
"Just gonna leave this here for anyone who needs it

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J2QdDbelmY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J2QdDbelmY)"
OBJ you suck
The one thing I did not realized would be lost by having no fans.....there is no noise in the officials heads when they make bullshit calls on the home team.  There will be no “home cooking” this year in the nfl.
Up 24-6 let Stanley rest and hope hes ready for next week.
Bro Lamar looks great passing
"Wait do people like *actually* say with no sarcasm, that Lamar can't throw?"
Mandrews has no business having the hands like this.
Snead IV deserved that one because he's been quietly having a very good day.
"Ian Eagle is a gem. ""Takitaki with the tackle tackle"". Love it."
FUCKING DIMES!!!! AGAIN!!!!!
PERFECT SEASON START LETS GOOOOO
THATS MY MVP
I love seeing Beckham cry like this 😂
Need for Snead underground 2
"Heavenly Llama, hallowed be thy name"
[A live look at r/browns](https://i.imgur.com/5uyLhuq.jpg)
"#OBJ loves shit so much, he plays for the browns"
"The commentator pointed out that the browns' pass pro has been good. IMO, it has been great. 

The browns' offense has severely under-performed."
Mayfield is abysmal.
Bowsers redemption
Just do this 17 more times
What a makeup play! Let’s go Bowser!
BOWSER POWER
Obj’s career is in the toilet.
Mission accomplished we’ve made baker look so bad their fans wanna trade him
Mark Andrews has taken over the position of Iron dick on the team
First bad pass all day I’ll take it
#God damn this team is good!!
Dude pistachios are good.  I just got with the no shell bag.
Alright let’s get Hollywood his TD now
"Score one more TD.  Put in RG3.

Edit: wear some Oakleys."
Also shout out to Fort McHenry with the rexovery
"I hate it for Mark, but JK looks way better"
JK DOBBINS TD!!! HE'S RACKING IT UP
JK YOU FRIGGIN MORON
Lamar paid Dobbins back for his block
Is it premature to check the barn and see if the hays in there?
THANK YOU 31 TEAMS WHO PASSED ON DOBBINS
23 on the Browns absolutely rocked his teammate holy shit
Great final pre season game to tune up. Can’t wait for the real season to start against real teams
Is this team good?
LaBench Jackson
"Alright, it's RG3 time."
2020: Friendship has ended with JK Rowling. You are now friends with JK Dobbins
"My favorite part of that drive?  A Browns player makes a tackle on Boykin for a short gain on second down, and some Browns player is yelling 'FUCK YOU!'.  Look at the scoreboard, before you're going to talk."
"As of right now, the Ravens have outscored week 1 opponents 89-16 in 2 games. Blowing loads faster than me at 16"
My favorite shot of this game was slow mo baker rocketing the ball into CCs paw while getting rocked from the side. Classic.
I love Lamar and that’s why I want you to take him out John
"Don’t look now, but Washington might knock off Philly."
"Keeping Lamar in makes *some* sense, with the lack of preseason games. I could understand why he'd be in."
good thing odell is used to getting shit on
This is just dumb take lamar out
Is that not a tackle below the knees?
Ricard has been a lot of negative yardage this game...
Where's the flag for block in the back?!
Not that it matters but how do you not call that block in the back?
game 1 done and done!
Why was that not a roughing the passer on lamar. That was a tackle below the knee.
anyone else have to do a double take whenever someone says jackson instead of lamar
"Return game has looked good, too. Proche and Duvernay. 👌🏼 

A lot of fun today. Need to do it again the next two weeks."
Already can’t wait until next Sunday
lol someone gif that
gus is so fucking good (x4)
"Hurst - 3 catches, 38yds vs. SEA. I think he will put up better production as the season progresses"
#1 AFC NORTH BABY
"cam newton is looking good enough (not lamar, but no one really is). good for him. i don't care how he plays for, i'm a cam newton fan."
"Last year's opener: 59 points

This year's opener: 38 points

Clear-cut offensive regression, time to start over. ~~/s~~"
RIP Mo Gaba. This is for you my man
But.... but... I thought that Nick Chubb was the Ravens kryptonite...
Fuck I’m clenched
"Run the ball, run the ball, and then run the ball!"
Ready to start the last season Baker Mayfield plays as an NFL Starter?
Ahhh game threads can’t wait to see the over reaction 🤣 all over again. miss these things. The NBA ones were cancer
Odell super excited for marlon to shit on him once again
"In a weird way this is the calmest I’ve ever been before a season opener. Not because the browns will be a cakewalk, not because we’re a shoe in to win this game, but because WE HAVE LAMAR JACKSON"
Let’s fucking go!
"I moved out of MD a few years ago and forgot about the ""You save less when Jack says yes!"" guy lol."
Did they shoot fireworks because it looks smokey
This doesn't feel real
Pick six from MPJuiceman incoming
Nothing would make me happier then a Baker pick on the opening drive.
Fuck outta here Baker
LMAO BAKER THE BUST
"Holy shit, Campbell is a monster in the field"
Campbell and Humphrey already iconic duo
That’s money well spent on Campbell!
Campbell showing up BIG on the first defensive series
Baker is trash 😂😂😂😂
Oh yea! That’s what I like to see!
campbell u fuckin beast
Calais Campbell is the truth
WHERE’S MY MVP
WE ARE EATING BROWNIES TODAY
We back babay!
Calais in coverage is some controlled chaos shit
Campbell SUCH a beast. What a fucking fleecing by the GM.
Bro I’m so fucking mad the stream cut off literally before the interception
wait the rookie is starting at RG??
lamar has been hanging with Reed
" 
1 dimensional QB, right?"
Lamar and Andrews picking up where they left off last season!
Great snag Mandrews!!
A andrews is going to get a hell of a payday
I love the baltimore Ravens football team
MANDREWS!!!!! HOLY SHIT WHAT A CATCH!!!
"I aint know we had Mr. Fantastic playing TE for us, lmao"
Picking up where we left off week 16 :)
That was a great catch but lamar panicked seeing him so wide lol
I FUCKING LOVE MARK ANDREWS
2 shoulders and 1 head. That's possession easy
"Amazing catch, that one got a little bit away from Lamar but still TOUCHDOWN"
"Looks like he regained possession from his body, didn’t hit the ground"
That’s a catch.
Good thing MAndrews has them thicc thighs to keep hold of that catch.
Was that pitch an illegal forward pass? It obv doesn't matter but idk why lamar even tried that
"If that catch is ruled not a catch, the replay official should be needle-poked in his ball"
i have a serious question that is somewhat off topic for what reason do we have security guards watching the cardboard cut outs lol
"R-A-V-E-N-S

RAVENS!!!"
Calais Campbell is already making his mark. I'm fully here for it.
I forget that Baker is still a “young” QB. He looks like a 45 year old car salesman.
what a terrible call cleveland!!!
LMFAO FUCKING BROWNS
Wtf lmao why would you do that on your side of the field.
I fucking love this team
I will say Browns run d doesn’t look bad
More like SCOTTISH HAMMERED
Oline gonna need to step up a little more
In Tucker We Trust
Ill enjoy watching this Browns line against the Steelers and Bengals
Oh god here comes my CHUBB PTSD
Browns are running a high pace. Need a stop
No pass rush again and even when it does they hold
hm. have we tried not getting stiff armed into oblivion?
Terrible series
run defense come on
"fucking embarrassing, do better"
Board has gtg strictly a special teamer like chris smoores
Piss poor defense on that drive
"Two turnovers and everyone saying the defense is looking bad? One bad drive is all, we good."
"u/HeWhoDoubts not 50, but you called it lol"
Hollywood fucking killed that route
 lAmAr CaNt ThRoW
buffstreamz and nflbite dont work for me. its just an infinite loading spinning circle
ugh what a blow. pass to hollywood wasted.
You cannot take the ball out of the best player in the leagues hands to give it to a FB.
I feel like the lack of preseason is showing for some guys.
Why the fuck do you give it to Ricard over Ingram and Dobbins
Run defense is looking quite weak so far.
"Cant stop the run, no pass rush.."
D-line is MIA rn.
So much talent on offense and Ricard gets the ball. Never liked that stuff
CAN WE PLEASE FIX THE RUN DEFENSE 😑
Mayfield could make a sandwich and still have time to throw the ball.
"I’m just happy to be back in these threads watching everyone freak out

Football is BACK baby"
"It’s always Matt Judon, fucking hell"
Judon STAYS doing that WHY!?!?!????
I was mentally prepared to get mad at the ref but... lmao yeah Judon that was dirty
That was dumb
God damn I do not like Judon
"Judon with his boneheaded play, good for a few of those"
SACKED!!! QUEEN!
3rd and 41
#3RD AND FOR FUCKING EVER
PQ SPEED
"Proche, what the fuck"
"> 3rd & 41

Some things never change"
"3rd and 41, not many plays for that"
wtf was that
I'm not understanding why he didn't field it
Gah wtf proche
WHY WOULD YOU NOT CATCH THAT
Marlon coming back in next drive. Had his helmet on
Jk Dobbins bout to go 98 yards
Sloppiness from no preseason is showing on both sides... though with the Browns it’s hard to tell if it’s no preseason or LOL Browns
Boykin got sent fucking 5 yards forward with that hit lol
Lamar has leveled up
Lamar Jackson is the greatest of all time
Dobby is a free elf!
JK ALL DAY
this drive is calming.
**Dobby came to rescue Baltimore Ravens**
Cleveland is gonna stop us here...JK lol
JK ALL FUCKING DAY DOBBINS
"I have been excited to see Dobbins all offseason. Welcome to the NFL, kid."
"Lol, just walk 99 yards like it's nothing"
Remember 5 minutes ago when the Browns were happy they had the Ravens backed up at their own 1 yard line?  Good times...
HOLY FUCK WE ARE ACTUALLY TERRIFYING
The Patriots traded for half a season of Mohamed Sanu so the Ravens could draft JK Dobbins
Lamar surgical
This is wild. Everything we do works. Feels weird to be a fan of this team right now and I can’t even explain it.
99 yard drive. God damn I love this team
odell's father is back
If Dobbins can keep that up he might just take the #1 back from Ingram. Who actually hasn't looked all that this game so far
Beckham is so overhyped - you love to see it
"lol beckham

ok now miss the FG"
Good catch Odell
If that was a turd OBJ catches that no doubt.
"> wide open drop

> Hard right shank kick

Just Cleveland things"
Siebert is going to be collecting unemployment on Monday
People miss field goals?? Justin Tucker would NEVER
Man imagine if we get a TD here too
Hollywood looking crisp
The only thing good about Baker Mayfield is his commercials
BROWN got 100 yards already???? Ahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahah he is going to have a monster year
Keep going Lamar I'm almost there
That all happened in 45 seconds of game time.
"#MANDREWS

#NO

#MANIMAL"
I have chemistry homework due tomorrow but this is more important
"69 yard TD drive.

*Nice*"
"As soon as I saw we had 40 seconds with 2 TOs I knew it was 7. 

Honestly amazing everytime"
"2 minute drill? Na, 1 minute drills."
Get these boys the fuck outta here LETS GO!
I always forget how nervous I get and how much I over react. I love football
"Ravens ~~tripling~~ quadrupling up the Browns' score. Love to see it :)

Oh wait I made a math mistake"
We’re so good man
"Our offense is absolutely lethal at the 2 minute drill, at least against the Browns. They cannot handle it"
"Dumb question, is RG3 still on the team as backup?  Would love to see him in the 4th quarter"
I dont know how but I somehow got CMC and Lamar in fantasy and I think those are the only 2 players ill need.
I predicted hollywood to have 165 I think I might get that one
Lamar loves fucking up Cleveland with less than a minute left
I still can't get used to having an offense that can actually move the chains consistently.
Not bad for a running back
"Shoutouts Cam Newton, fuck the pats."
Lamar missed that hot read
Koch still top 5 in the game.
"Good blitz by them, credit where it's due."
Hot take - buying a jersey of a 42 yo QB who hasn’t won shit for your team yet is a waste of money.
Oh look MORE flags on 3rd down. And ANOTHER dumb fucking penalty.
No replay of the non existing PI?
HOMEGIRL OBJ
The browns best defense is these flags
#WTF IS WITH ALL THESE FLAGS
RGIII in the 4th
RIP to that Browns defender that said Lamar wasn’t Aaron Rodgers lollllll
Andrews is really gonna have a Kelce/Kittle type year isnt he
"Dear Santa Claus,

Mark Andrews has been very good this year. Please give all my presents to him and Lamar Jackson. Thank you.

Sincerely,  
ThaddyG"
SNEAD SNEAD SNEAD
Perfect throw.
God I wish there were fans there.  The whole city would be vibrating.
Shitting on these Browns
Get fucking destroyed.
Lamar is throwing dimes
Did Snead cut his hair?  Or just tucked in helmet?
I wonder if Stefanski will even last the season...
"“He ain’t turn into Aaron Rodgers”
- Sheldon Richardson of the Cleveland Clowns"
I love when Lamar shows out when he ain't even running the ball. Just like week 1 last week
This is why I wish my non ravens fans friends would just watch our games. How can you tell me lamar can’t throw??? Him and mahomes are changing the game just passing the ball!!
[deleted]
The amount of comments in the Browns thread saying Lamar is so much better than Baker is actually making me feel slightly uncomfortable. I’m not used to that
This Lamar Jackson guy is pretty good. He could even be MVP someday
"Weird, it's raining inside my apartment now...😢"
"Aaron Rodgers 21/31 210 Yds 2TD 0TD

Lamar Jackson 16/20 252 Yds 3 TD 0 TD

Looks like Sheldon Richardson was right, Lamar won't be turning into Rodgers anytime soon. He's too efficient."
Fucking right.  Nice legal clean put you on your ass tackle
>Marquise Brown the first 100-yard receiver of the 2020 season. Before halftime. - @LedyardNFLDraft
Too many passes getting through our zone
Oh god Averett is on the field
GREAT SACK!!!! LET'S GO
BOWSER MADE UP FOR IT INSTANTLY
LOVE Bowser's persistence on that play!
The Browns are just shitting all over the field and I'm pretty sure Odell is into that sorta thing.
Bowser has looked very good all game and earned that sack.
Do we drop 40?
"Lamar getting 3 more TD’s for second MVP season.

Lets do it boys"
Even the fake fans in the stadium are getting hoarse from cheering the domination.
the jackson andrews connection isnt fair
Mandrews is cheating. Dude is out here catching footballs with 3 arms.
Is it just me or is the run blocking a little rusty? Or is ingram looking rusty...or both
Yikes LJ.  Don't force anything.   We good.
First bad throw all game for Lamar.
do we have a status update on stanley? Fluker completely missed that block and forced lamar to run.
I have no idea what that throw was Lamar but it’s all good
Lamars playing way better than Mahomes was vs the Texans.
Did Queen strip that?
FUMBALITES!!!!!
I bet Cleveland is wishing these Browns would move too
THIS FORT WILL STAND STRONG
QUEEEEEEEN!!!
One of the things I actually like about not having fans is I can hear the defense go wild when they make a play. The wooing and jiving makes me so happy to hear haha
Holy shit I’m so excited for this season man
These rookies looking 🔥🔥🔥
thank you seahawks for passing on him for another linebacker
My wife and I are doing jager bombs for each ravens td. One more and we each might die. I'm hoping for 3 more tds this game lol.
Queen is a stud.
Browns getting shit on so hard OBJ is gonna ask for the tape later.
"Dobbins with a key block before the TD

Kid is perfect for this offense"
RG3 time
Good stuff. Give Ingram a rest and let Dobbins get some relatively worry free reps.
Dobbins is our fucking  guy
i love it from dobbins
Lamar needs to chill w the contact but he’s a baller what do u expect
"2 for Dobbins, 2 for Mandrews, 1 for Snead. Fucking amazing."
dobbins needs to start
I think we found our new RB1
My guy Dobbins out here being a fucking STUD!
38-6 you love to see it fuck the browns 😂😂
"Dobbins is great, but I still think they will do a two headed running approach with Ingram."
Don’t troll the Browns thread but it’s funny af to look at right now
Bring on the JK memes
You think we might see RG III ?
browns might see lawrence at QB. baker is so bad
What's the Browns excuse this year then? No prep cos of Covid?
"OBJ is a bitch. 


https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zeBWYwDls1A

Super star dropping gimmes left and right. Plus add the attitude of a spoiled flag football player who thinks they are the star of the show."
Anyone else want to see 50 points?
Want a smile today? Check out r/browns
[deleted]
That’s the most obvious block in the back I’ve ever seen and they don’t call it? Imagine the score without these refs
"Cleveland > is down 32

Cleveland > Run Ball"
RG3 and leaving some of the rookie receivers in. Love to see it.
Didn't realize RG3 was only 770 yards from 10k on his career. Hope he gets there eventually
backups in must be a blowout 😂 browns blow ass
Odell's hair is justin timberlake circa 1999
Im Proud that so many of our players are kneeling. Stand up for what you believe in. Theres nothing more patriotic than peaceful protests.
JACKSON BROWN 2020
judon you always do some sus shit
Y’all will bail on anyone after a single play
Im a big BLM supporter but wow the nfl’s ad is cringy. “Football is a microcosm of america” lol what
baker is so bad and all the browns sub is blaming odell. what a toxic and slightly racist sub ahahahahaha
"That's why Myles Garrett is a star.  Brown's good, but Garrett is really damn good."
Haven't had a decent returner since Jacoby
RIP MO
FOR MO
RIP Mo
"Mo loving watching his first game

Rest in peace"
why the fuck are we just letting the Browns line OBJ up with Averett on every down...
"don't mind me, Im just looking for that browns fan on twitter from last week that told me lamar isn't a great passer and that the browns were gonna ""show us up"" on sunday"
So I was working at Aldi this morning and the amount of customers wearing Lamar Jackson jerseys today made me very happy
"With no preseason, I am bracing myself for a whole lot of “who the hell is that guy” lol"
God this is going to be so weird with no fans... how will we hear 7 nation army ??
Checking in from Edmonton Alberta Canada! Let’s fucking go boys!!!!!!!!!!!
"God it feels good to post in a game day thread. what a year it’s been huh?

What’s crackin bois, let’s smack these brownies. 

GO RAVENS"
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ROCKIN THAT WHITE LAMAR JERSEY LFG
I get so nervous before ravens games and I kinda hate it but here I am again regardless
LET'S FUCKING GO
Let’s have a nice clean injury free game my boyos
It would have been cool to see the browns and ravens unite like the chiefs and Texans did. But OH WELL LETS GET THIS DUB
"Uh is anyone else's stream sill saying ""the game will start soon?"""
"i'm so happy bmore is back

i'm so happy football is back

yall im so hyped man let's see what we've got!!!!"
"DEFENSE FIRST, CAMPBELL GONNA GET A SACK"
the defense said ENOUGH SLANDERRRRRRR
Campbell bringing that Trevor Pryce action.
TIP DRILL. LETS GO HUMPH
LETS FUCKING GOOO
NICE SCOOP HUMP
Was that clean??
FUCK YEAH MARLON
God I hope Baker plays in Cleveland for a decade.
Campbell didn't even need to reach for that knockdown
I'm wet
HERE WE GOOO
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
MARLOO LETS GOOO
LETS FUCKING GO
Bust
Calais already making an impact what a player!!!
Campbell was the key player on 3 consecutive plays.
GO HEAD BIG TRUSSSSSSS
Devin Duvernay first NFL Catch
Ed reed flashbacks
"# 

# TD Mark Andrews!!"
bruh. I love it but bruh
"MARK ANDREWS SAID SORRY FOR THAT INTERCEPTION AGAINST THE TITANS, I'LL DO BETTER NOW."
I knew he was going to mandrews fuck yes
Lamar taking lateral tips from Ed Reed
MANDREWS BABY LFG
WOWOWOW
MANDREWS WITH THE SNATCH BY HIS MANLY MITTS
One hand! Looks like when I'm playing Madden
What a catch. Wish Lamar didn’t make it so hard but we have our first highlights boys
Andrews goes up for it.  Reminds me of the TD he had against the Browns at the end of the first half last year.
"That was a very nice catch.

Bad throw my Jackson tho, he was wide open"
That’s a TD. He retained control before his legs touched out of the back on the end zone
No doubt that's a catch
Andrews looking like he’s really been working on his catching skills. Last year that might have been a miss.
Baker looks a tad nervous.
Another Commercial  unnecessary
Show no mercy. I want to crush the Browns with everything they’ve got
man i cant find a stream for this shit anywhere
GOOD PLAY FORT
Freddie!? Is that you!?
I know the browns are trash but what the hell are they doing?
the ravens were not surprised by that call. they saw it coming from a million miles away.
Levine saw that coming way before the snap!!
I love you Browns. Never change.
Fort obliterated that play
"If you're going to bring that fake, make sure your punter can take a hit."
Are we gonna have to make any long drives this game lmao
He absolutely got Scottish hammered there
"Honestly if I’m a browns fan I like that play. You’re at Baltimore, need some momentum. You wanna set a tone early with the new coach."
You can almost hear the looney Tunes theme on that one
All good were up 10 already I’m not complaining
2 possession game early. We’ll take it.
I’m more excited to see the defense now tbh
"damn, well tuck is money."
GOAT Kicker
Like our Run-Pass selection so far. Hoping Lamar’s shaky TD throw was just a little rust.
"The defense looking amazing so far, especially the rushing D.

Wanted a TD, but live to fight another drive and get some type of points on board."
"Wait..... if the refs are wearing masks, how are they blowing whistles?"
"Remember, we have no tape on this offense."
"Very poor effort on D that drive, need to tidy that up"
Really bad effort from the D that series :(
Run defense on the edge is still a weak area from the team.
Typical cleveland. Lmao
That was some awful defense...
POST! LOLOL
"Our olb’s are still our achilles heal, exactly why the Ravens don’t want to pay Judon top dollar. Not outside pressure, no contain. Hope we can clean it up, but started just like last year"
Brown's clown show on special teams tho.
Oh my god i think we have an actually competent returner again. This is amazing
Duvarney fast AF 👀 Excited for these kickoff returns
"nice throw by lamar, and route by hollywood"
"&#x200B;

Lamar's accuracy lQQks good to me 👀"
Give Hollywood a raise 👏👏
Gimme them ankles boy.
THAT PASS THOOOO
Hollywood!
Oh I’m ready for Hollywood
HOLLYWOOD
So that Ricards last carry ever
"Well fuck.  Still not super worried, but fuck.  Lack of pre-season games leaves us (and every other team I'm sure) with some things to iron out."
Well he won't be getting a carry again this year
What the fuck Ricard?
Defense is eh so far.
Glad to see they fixed the Dline
"7 YPC, run defense looks like shit"
Fuck I'm still so triggered by that fumble
I imagine some big personnel changes for week 2
Didn't Judon do enough of that last year.
"Of course, what Ravens game wouldn't be complete without a stupid penalty on a 3rd down stop"
Judon you moron.
Bruh wtf judon
Marlon please be okay.
3 and 41? Thanks Browns
YAS QUEEN
3rd & 41
3rd and 41... That's some Browns shit right there
Can we get a marlo update?
Is Marlon ok?
Yaaaaas Queen
PICK THAT DAMN THING UP
Think they might fake it here
"Catch the ball, what the fuck?"
And you’re fired
Hopefully Marlo’s shoulder isn’t too hurt
Sloppy drive. Hope Humphrey is OK. Looked like an arm/hand injury but there wasn't much contact.
PxP - great catch a run by Boykin. Like 20+
We re-signed Ray Rice?
Man Miles Boykin is one seriously huge guy for a WR
Liking this new 27
Loved the sidearm from Lamar!!
y'all fucked up letting this man fall
Bad run... JK!
They're working outside of the numbers in a way they weren't able to last year. Good sign.
Willie wanted it. So close. So weird without the long hair!
That was damn satisfying to watch
We really have 3 running backs that could be starters at other teams.
I repeat: JK ALL DAY
"excuse me tucker, that was like 4 inches to the right of the middle. tighten up now sir."
Lamar just put up a MASTERPIECE of a drive. Geez.
U CANT MOB WITH THE DOBB
Woohoo Dobbins!!
I love this team
The Magical World of J.K. Dobbins
Great drive! Using the pass to set up the run.
PxP - 30 yard pass from mayfield to obj from 25
damn. fantastic catch
I like that they're closing down the run a bit.
Tackling is definitely preseason level.
Queen was boutta have Baker seeing stars 😂 Baker lucky he slipped
Who the fuck just missed that tackle on hunt
Gosh those Browns uniforms are ugly
Nice catch Odell
Old cold hands odell dropped it
LMAOOO BROWNS NEED A NEW KICKER
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I think the Browns might be in the market for a kicker.  Do we have a guy we could get a fifth for?
Kicker is shook
r/watchpeopledieinside
Let’s get another we need to blow these fuckers out
I can’t believe we have an offense that will get points out of this. I love it.
PxP - Jackson to Brown at the Browns 36. TO. No more raven TOs.
Stefanski just opened his first bottle of whiskey after being sober in quarantine for 8 months
Hollywood has over 100 yards
Brothers. Lamar is the fucking mvp
Lamar wants to throw for 6000 yards this season just to show up the haters.
flashbacks to last year's 2 minute drill against the browns.
Bro I might cry I’m so proud of this team
Lamar is dotting them up 🔥🔥🔥
"Hey guys, Lamar is pretty good."
You love to see it Al
Lamar Jackson > the concept of a quarterback
Is it me or has lamar’s passing gotten better? He was always good but he seems more accurate
Absolutely fucking clinical. God you can’t do it any better than that
League mvp got BETTER lol league fucked
The old double dip last score first half first drive 2nd half
Fuckin Lamar
Clock management on point
"Andrews joining the kittle Kelce tier this year, book it"
Fuck we scored 33 points a game last year? Sheeeeeiiiiiiiiittt
"Browns in 2min drill: 0 pts
Ravens in 2min drill (in 35sec!): 7 pts 😬"
"We have been sloppy as hell and we are on pace to win 48-12 

We have come a long way"
Ravens lost a fumble in the Red Zone too. Let's gooooooo
"Andrews calling his agent now ""Tell 'em to bring me my money"""
Mark is so good. Can’t even think of another TE who he reminds me of. Him and Lamar are gonna have long careers together I hope
[Nice](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1305211320552259585?s=19)
I’m sorry all of you loyal ticket holders missed this half.  I can’t wait until the shit is over and we’re all back.
GUS AND JK TIME
"Lamar's been great, picked up right were he left off last season"
Stanley...Marlo....Andrews... And Llama....thats $1billion in cap there
"Hey guys, pass rush is easier when the offense is 18 points down, just watch."
Lamar Jackson
we told the league lamar was gonna be on an unfinished business rampage. they didn't listen to us.
"Yeah, that couldn’t have gone any better"
Did Bill Cowher get old notes or something? Almost every stat he just read was wrong. Including the Seahawks score.
"Big Truzz, big difference between class of the NFL and a gutter team. https://imgur.com/a/EJkaq3m"
We can end it right here with a TD lol
I don’t want to ever hear shit about Mayfield being a good QB. Ever.
Dobbins played all three downs. Looks like they’re already giving him the nod
"Gotta ID that blitz Lamar. It’s all good though, let’s keep kicking ass"
P Queen has been dope flying all over the field
let's just leave beckham uncovered. let the air penalize him.
Damn that’s a weak ass call
Ref ball time
The fix is in!
You guys can't even blame the refs lmao that was an obvious hold for like 15 yards
Could this be anymore obvious the refs are helping the browns
lmfaooo odell
Refs playing better offense than the Browns
CRYBABY BECKHAM HAHAHA
LMAO tell me more about how good OBJ is
JUICEMAN
I love JuiceMan and his energy!
Okay nvm thanks refs 👌🏽
Lol so we're basically back to where we were at the start of our first drive of the half
"NOT Stanley, Not lower body injury pls."
WHAT A CATCH 👏👏👏
MANDREWS TO THE 25
The Browns having a quarter of our points in the 3rd quarter is a sign that the world is slowly healing
Mark Andrews
"Mark Andrews would not be able to play in a previous era.  He spends so much of his time with both arms up in the air, climbing the ladder.  Twenty years ago, he'd be on his way to the morgue making those plays."
TOUCHDOWNNN
I just wanna say I am so happy to see Skura out there after last year. Dude is a warrior.
Browns fan here. At least I have Mark Andrews on my fantasy team and I bet on the Ravens.
Beautiful pass
MVP
LAMAR THROWING ABSOLUTE DOTS
Need for Snead baby!!! Big Truss!! Woot Woot!!
sneeeeeeeeeeeeeead
Gorgeous touch pass. Lamar is on another level man
Just imagine having 6 points and it doesn't even come from 2 succesfull drives...
Well y’all think we should put RG3? I want to but I also want Lamar to stat pad for my Fantasy team
that read and throw was sublime.
Lamar is the coolest man on earth
Another season of Lamars stats taking a hit from resting 4th quarters sigh
"The most impressive part of this game is,for the most part, the browns have done a wonderful job shutting down the designed runs for Lamar... and there still about to lose by 30."
It is mid 3rd quarter and Lamar Jackson has a perfect passer rating
Juice is dying for a pick 6
Elliott. Thump!
Jesus that hit was vicious
Marcus Peters has been great.
Hunt 100% deserves to get splatted on every play
JOKERRRRR
Earl who?
WOW THE JOKER 🃏 HOLYYYYY FUCK
Pass rush is going to need some work.
The lack of pass rush is a major concern going forward.
I mean if nothing else this game is pissing off Odell. An Odell pissed off at Baker is a good Odell for us.
marlon chirpin all game is funny to hear with no fans lol
#BOWSER
Nice make up play Bowser!
LFG BOWSER LMAO BROWNS
Bowser ✌🏽
Your first down is in another castle
OBJ shoulda just stuck with the giants 😂
"leave Lamar in, just stack stats."
How many catches does Mark Andrew's crotch have today?
"Fuck the browns , say it with me"
Mayfield is so fucking bad...jeez I feel bad for Cleveland for having such a talented bunch of guys but garbage qb. This was an easy win for us and we didn’t even look that sharp.
Do you guys remember when OBJ wrecked us on the Giants a few seasons ago. Now he looks like a second year 71 rated receiver that's good only in Madden. How did they manage to fuck him up so bad lol.
"I will forever love Ingram, but he looks a step slower this year."
Love seeing the shield on the field again.
We are gonna have to work on facing the blitz offensively.
Why did Lamar throw that there lol
We really have the best kicker and punter in the NFL. Its ALMOST a shame we don’t get to see them more
BALL OUT! RAVENS GOT IT!!!!
I'm not mad about that pass cuz it was 3rd down. It would have been an arm punt. Lamar knows what's up.
Aaaaaaah
Is that 2 ff for fort?
WAS THAT QUEEN OUR ROOKIES ARE HAVING A DAY
I’m not turning us off
Chubb chokes finally.
I’m so stupid for choosing the pats D over our own D 🤦🏾‍♂️ fuck
that’s my QUEEN 👑
QUEEEEEN YAAAS. Good 1st rnd pick
Yas Queen!
QUEEN !!!
LJ Fort is ballin' out there today
"PQ leading the team in tackles, 1 Sack and 1 Forced Fumble. BALLER. 🔥"
Love being able to hear the players well - someone down there (MP?) going “HOO HOO HOO” after the fumble
Patrick Queen baby
PATRICK QUEEN IS HIS NAME!
Just want to point out that Lamar and Mayfield have the same number of completions but Mayfield has thrown 10 more passes
Queen is such a stud. What a great pick.
"QUEEN

 THE MOST POWERFUL PIECE ON THE CHESSBOARD"
Someone more talented that I am please make a “Patrick yas queen” t shirt.
In the words of Jon Snow: He's my Queen
Lamar SLIDE
"All of this talk about Pat Queen and with good reason, he is great, but can we talk about the monster game of LJ Fort? Dude has been amazing today"
THROBBINS FOR DOBBINS!
**TD J. K. Dobbins!**
I like what I am seeing from Dobbins.
take lamar out now
RGIII time coming?
lamar you gunna give me a heart attack
How many times do I have to say this? JK ALL DAY
It’s RG3 time baby!
JK BUT HE AINT JOKIN
Game time!  Game over!  Let's go Ravens!
JKKKKKK
Fluker has a lot of mass!
idc what anyone says. don’t act like this is just a warmup. the Browns have a solid team with countless playmakers. we are just THAT good.
The elite JK Dobbins sittin on my fantasy teams bench awesome
"The only way the Browns will ever be good is if they move out of Cleveland, change their team name, burn all of their uniforms and other Cleveland related memorabilia, erase their history, and pretend that non of their players, coaches, or staff ever stepped foot in that shithole of a city."
"No mercy! 

We want to see tears"
Dobbins two big plays in a row!!
Why is Chiefs vs Chargers considering a bigger game than Ravens vs Texans?
You pass on 3rd and inches?
Let McGoatly get his reps in!
Who was beeping in the background like a truck backing up on the penalty?
"Who’s worse, Baker or Odell?"
"I *want* Lamar to just ruin their day even more, but I also want RG3 to be able to score a tuddy on the browns. Tough call"
Solid preseason game here. Can’t wait to start week one next week.
Is it just me or is getting delay of game on a 4th and 1 when you have Chubb pretty much unforgivable?
Maybe Baker should just go back to mowing the grass at FirstEnergy...
Gotta be close to RG3 time at this point
Tough day for Patty
pat having a rough day
this literally a talking point from madden haha
"It's a 4 man rush, c'mon man"
Rg3 isn't warming up.  So LJ might stay in
Well we made it 3/4 of the way through the game until we started hearing excuses for the Browns.
Skura is a beast love having him back out there
Break out the **Oakleys**!
u just love to see that graphic there.
Yo Baker you ain't Lamar
LOL Baker...
that whole team looks so defeated
RG3 💜
"It’s crazy how much I hate baker and the browns, but I’m kind of rooting for Burrow and the Bengals"
Gusto bursting up the middle
"clevelands line looking pretty strong tbh.
Fluker and Phillips instead of Stanley and Yanda though."
This seems like the longest game ever!
"Where are these washington fans coming from? I don't give a fuck they're going to beat Philly. 

Fuck the WFT"
"That’s the sad thing about all of this: how many people is Mexican food holding back?

Glad that ain’t the case with the dirty bird. Living off the crab cakes 🦀 🍰"
"First game of the year, first win of the year."
Remember the Flacco days where we’d have 10 points going into the 4th quarter
Lamar just go out man we dont need extra hits
Proche man! Fair Catch bro??
What a dumbass shouldve caught it
Ok. It's *really* weird seeing not Tom Brady as QB for the Pats
Mo 😭
This one is for MO! ❤️❤️❤️
"All offseason the media has acted like the Browns have pros in charge now, yet down 38-6 in the 4th quarter they're running the ball and grinding clock. Some things never change."
I’m here for the overreactions
"That throw did not need to be that difficult, but damn does it feel good to have guys that can reel it in!!"
That feel when u actually have a fucking WR1
I don’t understand Roman sometimes it’s 3&1 just go 5 wide they can’t stop everyone AND Lamar
"That doesn't happen with Moore back there. 

C'mon rook. You got this."
[deleted]
"am i crazy to think washington without a name is kinda sleak? i think they should keep ""football team."""
Looks like Phillips is getting the start over Fluker very surprising
Damn They got Alicia!
I love this uni combo
Welcome back everyone! Here’s to a great year
Palms are sweaty
"I’ve got a prime rib on deck, football is about to start. Fuck I’m glad its back boys!!"
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
FUCK THE BROWNS
"Checkin in from the UK.
Hoping for an injury free win.
LETS GOOOO"
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Even the flyover is on without fans.  Surreal.
ONE MORE COMMERCIAL BREAK LETS GO!!
Its one o clock and the nerves just hit me hard
YES we deferred!
Let's Go!
Let's gooooooooo
Let’s gooo
That gold MO in Baltimore warms my heart ngl
"Tucker looks more lean/toned.  Like he was never a big guy in any sense, but he for sure doesnt look like he has a dad bod."
Damn I really wanted to see Lamar to start the game but queen and Cc going to eat rn
Good shit Calais
LETS GOOOO
FOOKIN SWEET
IT'S PICKED!!! MARLON HUMPHREY!!!
THERE IT IS
Campbell looks like he was everything as advertised
Earl who?
It just feels good to watch football
INTERCEPTION LFG
44!
Let’s fucking go Calais and Humphrey!!!!
Ooooohohoho imma like this Campbell fella
MARLO BABY
New pickups doing work!!!
Marvinnnnnnn
Number 1 D in the league baby
LETS GOOOO
"Didn’t realize Campbell was 6’8, knew he was massive but damn 6’8??!"
Calais “All Pro MLB” Campbell
That is how to start a game!
"not that it means this will be an easy game, but i have to say that first chubb run made me nervous. i'm sinking into it now. faith in our D."
Baker starting 2020 like Baker do
"That's it, I'm getting a Calais Campbell jersey."
HUMPH THERE IT IS
yup run it down their throats
Baker is so bad hahahah
Pls someone help me find a free stream for the game. I’M A STRANDED RAVENS FAN IN TEXAS
HOLY FUCKIN SHIT DID WE ACTUALLY RUN A WR SCREEN
That was scary
Looking like a madden play
"Dobbins looks just like Rice (physically, in pads). Kinda wild"
dont scare me like that llama
How in the world. That was a better pitch than I ever even saw Reed make
MANDREWS!!!!!!!!
GOOD FUCKING SNAG
OH MY GOD MANDREWS
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
MANDREWS!!!
WOOOOOO WHAT A SNAG
Just an opening drive TD. Nothing special. Ho-hum.
That. Catch. Lamar a little hot on that throw. Needs to settle down a little.
MAndrews back at it
I picked Lamar on my fantasy BIG W
Woo that catch!!
WHAT A START!!
He caught it with his pee pee 😂
2020 is getting better already!!
That’s a TD. No way there’s enough to overturn it
Not nearly enough evidence to overturn that
What are they looking at it’s not even close?
MANDREWS BABY LETS GOOOOO
How come we arent pumping crowd noise?
Anyone having problems with game pass ?
"I'm just sitting here smiling ear-to-ear. Football's back, babyyyyy!!"
That guys is like knock off Donald glover
Baaaaker. Here Baker Baker Baker Baker.
"Stuck at work, GO RAVENS!"
Can do without the Mahomes Statefarm commercials lol
"First defensive stand: force a turnover
First offensive drive: March down the field for a TD

Oh yeah...it's all coming together."
"My stream sucks :( 

Is it against the rules to ask where people are streaming from?"
Damn baker Jackson with that juke lol
FUCK OFF THE FIELD
Browns fan here. GG Ravens. Maybe next year.
That was just funny
IMAGINE BEING THAT DUMB LOL
LMAOOO SAME OL BROWNS
What the fuck was that
It's too early to panic Brownies
TAVON IS BACK MY DUDES
GET THAT WEAK SHIT OUTTA HERE
LMFAO
Browns being Browns
SPECIAL TEAM DREAMS!
Lmao clowns
What the fuck are the browns doing lmfao
Mmm couldn't ask for a better start.
LJ FUCKING FORT I’M BUYING HIS JERSEY
*Freddie Kitchens has entered the chat*
I hope Freddie Kitchens is laughing his ass off right now.
"lol browns you fucking idiots, you never try a special teams fake against us"
Browns gonna browns
it's ok i'll take the FG
O-Line gotta tighten up
AUTOMATUCK
still fucking got it
Still just the 1st quarter people
chubb still an issue
"New ravens fan here, I hope we go all the way this year 😀👍"
lets get a sack pls
Our pass rush fucking sucks. They so slow
Browns fighting racial injustice? Probably just cost them at least 80% of their fanbase.
Run defense looks SORRY
Malik Harrison looking jittery. Hope he can shake it off. Blew contain on two big runs now.
"We fell asleep on this defensive series, letting them run all over us"
Malik Harrison is lost out there. His angles are all off
B O N K
That was way too easy a touchdown. Pathetic coverage.
How embarrassing.
Even when they get a touchdown they still find a way to be dissapointing
Solid return.
HOLLYWOOD!!!!!
HOLLYWOOD!!!
I saw a comment a few minutes ago asking where Hollywood was...there's Hollywood (doing Hollywood things).
HOLLYWOO
Fuck what a throw and catch
Ah so that's what it's like to have an actual kick returner! Duvernay is FAST.
"""tHeY dOn'T tRuSt LaMaR tO tHrOw"""
"Where the guy who was bitching ""where's hollywood""?"
Look at the patience! omg!
Literally pin point
Ho shit hollywood
God damn what a beautiful throw and catch!
HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOD
LAMAR IS JUST FINE
Healthy Hollywood will be lethal
started after a bullshit spot on that lamar run
Not great
we are RUSTY
"We got a little too cute there I feel, but this isnt any sort of hole we cant dig out of in any sense.  We just have to take back the momentum now."
Can't you just run with your back.
HOLD ON TO THE BALL!!! IT'S A ONE YARD PUSH YOU IDIOT
Pat ain’t getting a carry the rest of the year
so annoying when coaches go 400 IQ and don’t give the ball to our literal best players
Run D is just bad rn
If we could hit mayfield once that would be great
This d has been TO or bust so far.
I’m still steaming about them not having Richard lead block.
Mayfield has enough time back there to cook a full barbecue.
A lot less blitzing this year. A lot of playing off guys
Marlon saying hello to his son
Here comes shitboy
Oh how I've missed this board imploding when the team doesn't steam roll every play.
Judon...
FFS can we get rid of Judon please
Are you fucking kidding me Judon?!
Well that was a disastrous 5 seconds.
omg humphrey no
can we cool it with the beckham cam. no one cares. he hasn't done squat.
Same shit from Judon
This defense has been GARBAGE today
Just hope marlon is fine
"Judon playing like shit, maybe its good we didn't give him that contract"
Dammit Judon. What the fuck.
Can't they program the crowd to cheer when calls go their way? Would make it seem more realistic at least.
YAAAAAAS QUEEEN.
3rd and 35 HAHAHAHAH
Lol are they just racking up more punting room...?
Been a while since I've seen a 3rd and 41.
Aww so close to a pick. Still a good Defensive stand though.
What an abortion of a drive by the browns O. This is what happens when you try to involve Odell
"3rd and 3,000"
3rd and 41 lol
4th and 41 is the most browns thing ever
About time the fucking D showed up
2 rookies back to back plays!!!!!
almost made it 4th and 50 lmao
Bruh... New returner next time.
i hate stacking mistakes
Hope Marlon is okay
"CB Marlon Humphrey (shoulder) is questionable to return.

https://twitter.com/Ravens/status/1305203507977490435"
Lamar 99 yard run
Ravens are not where they were last season. Not surprising given the off season. But worth noting they have to get it together to challenge the already rolling Chiefs.
Marlon is fine he’s going back in luckily.
butthole clenched the second ricard touched the ball lolll
PxP - Ricard for 8 on a sweet side arm from Lamar
"Ok that was pretty, so pretty"
99 yard drive
It is so strange to not hear the stadium erupt in cheers on a big first down
I’m so damn excited to see Hollywood this year. Fully healthy he just looks better.
"Offense is looking great, besides the fumble. Run out as much as the clock, head into half with a 10+ point lead, and run it back after halftime."
Hollywood 7000 season
I'm throbbins for Dobbins boys
God damn I still can’t believe I can relax as a ravens fan when we are on offense
i miss snead's hair. that was our biggest offseason loss.
Gotta love a 99 yard touchdown drive
99 YARD FUCKING DRIVE BABY
TD JK for real though TD
RAY RICE 2.0 LFG
**TD J. K. Dobbins!!**  🏈
Gotta love seeing a guy make his first NFL touchdown.  What a red-letter day for him!
Every second Dobbins reminds me more and more of a bigger Ray Rice.
Dobbins is gonna be a problem.
"I can't believe that the entire browns defense is made of friccin morons

Get JK'd"
TD!!! Congrats JK
That had to be brutal for those ohio state/browns fans
Rookie punt returner allows the ball to roll to the 1? GOOD!
99 yards...there’s my offense
First of many for Dobbins!!!
Love you Llama
Dobbins EARNED that Touchdown on this Drive!
"Outside of the fumble, our offense looks great"
What a clean drive. We looking good
The speed on this team
That’s a 9 yard/play average lol. We’re playing fuckin Madden
"Is this PxP shit worth it to anyone? I’m already getting side Eye from my wife for spending the whole time on my phone and not watching the game with her. 

Side note - my wife is awesome and gets irritated if I’m not sufficiently ‘present’ during ravens games."
99 yard drive is super encouraging
Offense looked great. 99 yards. Rookie TD. 3rd down conversion. Almost everyone has caught a pass today too.
I don’t mean to sound shady but it looked like OBJ started to run the wrong way before realizing and turned his ass around.
Marlon take my left shoulder pls
"Doing a good job of containing Chubb today 

*knocks on wood"
Damn I forgot how long NFL commercial breaks are
Why does David Njoku always have good games against us
Our dline making their front look like early 90's cowboys o line
Queen was so close to a second sack there.
Anyone know who punts at half?
"Our defense is only going to get better after this game, we got a bunch of new guys who never got to gel through real competition. Give it a couple weeks we’ll be #1"
Patrick Queen’s explosiveness is amazing. He will be a nightmare for QB’s
Oshit dropped it
Oh my god that kick 😂😂😂😂
"THEY BROWNS'D IT, LMAO"
Odell is so shook against this team lmao. Fuckin bum
RIP their kicker lmao
As much as we shit on them you gotta love the Browns 😂😂
Sigh-Bert
BROWNS LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Let Kareem Hunt kick it
What can we do with 41 seconds
Honestly being a browns fan would be terrible.
"Every day, thousands of people wake up living in Ohio, existing as Browns fans. Poor fucks."
The Browns somehow every year exceed my expectations of how inept they can be. Makes me so happy that I'm a Ravens fan.
I love the Browns so much. They are so entertaining
"guys lamar looks amazing. like i knew we knew this would happen, but lamar looks amazing. please someone inject it into my veins."
"Bad day for Browns kicking 

#HHAHAHAHHA"
HAHAHA HAHAHAHAHA
There's a dumbass browns fan in here downvoting posts
Browns have to be cursed
Oh you just hate to see it lads.
Guys. Just got back from the Browns sub and it’s on fire. Love it.
Lamar was looking deep just now and settled for snead
It’s like god too hates the browns lol
I think it’s absolutely laughable how the browns are literally shitting the bed and the announcers are praising them for “hanging in there”. Browns gonna brown.
I’m loving how we are throwing this damn ball it’s so satisfying seeing him do something they say he can’t do
Llama looks sharp as hell
"Lamar is a fucking machine, bro."
Lamar Jackson
Marquise Brown is Elite.
lamar to hollywodd looks so fucking good
Lamar is surgical
Hollywood with two feet > OBJ & Landry
Lamar is so fucking good what a blessing.
“What do you define as close for Justin Tucker?” 🤣🤣🤣
12 sec for this offense may as well be 30
I still can’t believe this guy is our quarterback
Notice how much room lamar has and he's still throwing the ball
Putting on a fucking clinic.
TOUCHDOWNNNNN ANDREWS!!!!
How we pay all these ppl?
OMG they are good.
PxP - TD Ravens to Andrews!!!
My first born will be a child named Lamar.
"Lamar and throwing a TD to MANdrews at the end of a half against the browns, name a more iconic duo."
Is it too early to say Lamar is the GOAT
How are they gonna figure out who to give MVP too? Hollywood or Lamar?
Rock paper scissors?
MANDREWS
WHAT A FUCKING THROW
THATS NOT A BOY THATS A MANDREWSSSSSS
MVP
Not bad for a running back
Damn Baker looks defeated lol
Fucking hell I love this team!!!!
At least 2020 is just like every other year for the Browns.
69 yards
There we gooooo
Best TE in football
"Oh, hi Mark"
LAMAR
Wow Lamar just wow.
"Lamar's been accurate, but the ball itself has looked GREAT. All spirals all day"
"Lamar took a couple heavy hits in the first drive and since then they basically said fuck it, we will let him sling it. 

I'm hoping this actually opens up more rushing lanes."
"I'm super sick today, this is the best medicine ever. Lfg boys"
Bye brownies. See you later this year.
"Calling it, Andrews beats his TD total this year. Already well on his way."
Lamar is dicing the Browns defense up on every single drive. This is going to be another fun year for the boys!
HAHAHA YO BAKER TAKE NOTES 📝
Baker drawing blanks
Can't revamp a turd tho.
Cleveland: still bad
I am finally starting to relax :)  And there is a whole half still to go!
New guy is so much better than Dan Fouts
Not a good blend on the Redwine tackle 😂😤
"NOW STANLEY

CAN WE LIKE

# NOT"
"Alright, can't score every drive. Lets see if the D is more locked in"
"That screen to dunvernay worked, we should do more things like that"
Refs just trying to keep Cleveland in this
Odell is 1/4 for 16 yards
"BULL

SHIT"
I really hate how defensive holding is a 5 yard penalty but an automatic first down
refball coming to save their sorry asses
Refs what the fuck
run d gotta stay good
"STOP, MARLON!

Edit: And/or refs."
"Holding on Marlon was definitely a good call, PI is questionable"
Obj with back to back flops. Classy.
These refs missed the Browns holding though...
JUST STOP
More fucking flags
Damn they paid the refs off at HT
3 first downs from flags so far on this drive what the fuck D
"REFS, STOP."
"I get we meme that beckham sucks 

But beckham might actually be trash lol"
"I was like ""Beckham caught a pass, wtf, that's not allowed"" and then the ref agreed"
JUICEMAN!
MP JUICE MAN
MP JUICE MAN
PxP - was wrong on the guess - PF face mask on CLE.
Let’s ice it out! End it now
Stanley is hurt?
When did Stanley go wth??
Somehow the Browns being run by overconfident and clueless Ivy League guys is just very fitting.
Browns fans are turnimg on OBJ and Baker already
"Shit, Stanley"
Ronnie Stanley :(
Wow that was amazing for both Lamar and Mark.
It’s just an ankle injury relax
Maybe Stanley is just taking it safe since we’re up quite a bit.
WILLIE SNEAD!! TOUCHDOWN!!!!!!
Jesus Lamar's passing has improved even more.
#NEED IV SNEAD
Lamar has DOTS.
NEED IV SNEAD
Lamar just makes it look so easy
Wet Willie catching TDs?? That’s game
Today is good day..
He is the truth
So jacksons probably got one more possession before the bench him right?
HES SO GOOD X4
“It’s the browns”
"Browns fans is shambles...

So nothing new"
Stream froze the second Lamar released it. Feels bad.
Snead is pretty good when he isn’t the main wr threat
And brown just waiting on his 9 again
Drinking my [enemy's blood. ](https://i.imgur.com/tsQXidn.jpg)
We're killing these fuckers lmao
"Lamar just sitting on the bench like..

""man, can't believe I have 4 in-completions and we had to punt once"""
Ok is it getting close to bringing in RG3
Y’all Lamar is kinda good
Judon very quiet today
half of baker's throws have been out of bounds because he's running for his life or has nowhere to go
Baker has thrown more to his sideline than his receivers this game 🤣
Imagine this teams secondary with the four man rush of the 2014 Ravens
Joker. Holy shit.
Joker smoked his ass 💪🙊
Elliot oh my
Omg Deshon
Earl whooooo?
Earl would never
"Browns and falling flat on their face in the season opener, name a more dynamic duo"
Pass rush is the only weakness still. Nobody is beating their man 1v1.
Peters is proving me very wrong so far. He’s looking like a great CB regardless of the safety
"Pass rush still needs to be improved, Clowney would’ve been nice"
thats like the 6th time a defender slides next to Baker and cant tackle him down
When we got 6 dbs in they never complete a pass.
"Fuck it send 2 firsts for Chase Young.

We can't afford 2 really good players may as well just get 1."
S A C K!
Tyus bowser makes up for his mistake
"Great game for Bowser, that's really encouraging."
If we don’t find a pass rush by Week 3 that games gonna be 53-50
Tyus playing just like he's in a contract year.
Bowser makes up for it
We are DOMINANT!
Dunked into the ground
I'll respect Baker there for trying his best on that into the monster blitz.  Well-played by Bowser just sticking to him and wrapping up.
holy hell
Nintendo man with the sack
Baker is a fucking BUM
Hell thats why we got that big mf
god damn Andrews is balling out here
Only meaningful thing OBJ did this year was showing up in DRAKE music video
It’s gonna be sad having to see some of the guys leave. There’s no way we can hang on to so many elite players 😢
"Well, thank God Burrows and Baker are better than Big Ben like ESPN told me."
Sam Koch sighting
Y’all calling 3 and out?
I like Odell but I wanna see him have a melt down for the greater good
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHA
Don't make fun of the fumble make fun of the play call why are they running down 25.
We’re monsters
Start sitting people for the 4th yeah?
We got this? Right?
I cant fucking wait for someone to break down Queen's film.
"I legit had just made a comment that queen had been mostly quiet.

Well then....."
GUNPOWDER GELATINE DYNAMITE WITH A LASER BEAM
I enjoy Patrick queen
Call stands. \*Seven Nation Army chant\*
LJ!!!!!!
JK lead blocker extraordinaire
Vintage Jackson!
Two for Dobbins!
Yea Ingrams lost his job lol
The rooks put in full effect
Rg3 time
Holy shit I don’t think we could see a better performance from our rookies debut
Time for RG III
2nd TD for the Rookie!
I may have made a mistake taking Ingram over Dobbins in my ff lol
ROCK.HARD
My apologies to EDC for questioning him taking JK in the 2nd round...
Jk will be the starter soon
Haven’t heard Phillips name much today=good thing for a rookie OL in his 1st
"The vision on that run... Just creeping along behind the line until he’s in the end zone. 

Dobbins, man..."
Bro Elliott just delivers straight shots
Any news on Stanley
Damn Fort had the pick
Shrunken Hulu baker today! Sad!
Did he just call him “Johnny Utah?”
All right now let RGIII in
I feel happiness again :)
Still no RG3? Surprising.
Man the Ravens are making it easy to love them
Ricard wut r u doin
Illegal what?
I'm liking the drone shots of Baltimore. Showing more than just the inner harbor.
Why isn’t RG3 playing rn?
How do you not call that a block in the back on the gunner ??
"I like being aggressive and all, but I don't get the playcalling on that series at all."
"&#x200B;

Put RG3 in"
"I'm cool with still passing the ball, but empty sets with an OG playing at LT? come on...at least have a RB to help protect the blindside"
"Duverney is like our secret weapon that nobody knows about because we never need to run the ball

Edit: oops meant throw"
I expected it to be a little closer than this
Haha Stefanski’s like... you mean we gotta run another play?
Gus bus
GUS THE BUS
GUS THE BUS
good to pick up this win today think the next 2 weeks are gonna be rough especially week 3
What's the O/U on RGIII sightings this year?
What a good win boys. Good revenge game by the fluke that happened week 3 last year. Next week I fully expect us to blow out the Texans. They don’t have Hopkins to bail them out and their o line is horrendous. Feel bad for Watson next week he’s going to get clobbered by our MonSTARS
Hay meet barn
How is Devin doing?
gg
GG
Onto Houston
Mo 😭😭
Shoutout to Harbs for letting everyone be themselves
"https://mobile.twitter.com/steelers_kenny/status/1305193167260708865

im crying lmao"
who all can't stand that tiky tok connercial
Fifty yard pass to Hollywood trussss
"For everyone overreacting, please don't. This is the first game this season with no preseason. With a shortened training camp too. Relax folks."
Beckham little fucking pussy bitch
Should I walk my dog now before the late games? This is OVER
MO'S ROWS !!! give it up for the Big Man!!
#HOLY SHIT ENOUGH WITH THESE FLAGS
"Our pass rush sucks. Even our blitzes are hardly getting any pressure. One of our very few weaknesses, but it’s a big one."
I had hope for Fluker but he's bad as a tackle.
"Boykin's cuts aren't sharp enough. He needs to drive his foot in the ground and get upfield...

That lamar pass looked inaccurate but i don't think it was."
Judon is a non factor.. I was saying this end of last year. He is not worthy of anything above 11 mil.
Why the browns stay in the locker room? They hate unity?
What the fuck is happening with our run defense lmao
BROWNS GONNA BROWN LMFAO
Bruh how u gonna be a professional NFL kicker and missing routine 25 yard kicks 😂😂🤣 even when the browns find a way to play good they mess up
"Oh how far we’ve come. It would have taken us 2 drives to get to 10 plays, both ending in punts back in the ending Flacco days."
The proud Ravens tradition of not being able to fucking wrap up continues in 2020...
PxP - I have something I’ve got to do around the house while watching he game. Can’t do more PxP. The joys of unpacking from a move!
RIP MO ♥️
Get that Super Bowl for Mo!
Baker might be the 4th best QB in the division. Maybe lower.
Browns coaches - put on your fucking masks.
I HAD TO MISS THIS GAME TO GO TO A DUMBASS MEETING. SUMMARIZE THIS GAME IN 5 WORDS OR LESS
"It’s like watching a horse stuck in quick sand...you appreciate how hard they fight, but you just now it’s not gonna end well."
I really hope the run blocking this game is just the guys getting used to working with each other. Looking pretty poop so far
"HONK HONK, IT'S A BUS, BITCH"
Ravens cowboys SB? Now that’s interesting..
GLAD TO BE BACK !!!
"Let’s go boys , its Christmas morning"
Lets gooooo!
Alright random question. I’m at work and trying to listen to the game on the radio. I’m in the VA/DC area. Both stations playing it on the radio 97.8 and 104.7 are kinda staticky. Do I have any other options or am I stuck with one of those two
A game thread? Wow
Bruh my fucking internet is spotty on me. This is bullshit
Gah I can’t handle it I’m so excited! Let’s do this!!
Let’s friccin go
#THE RAVENS ARE BACK BABY
LETS GOOO!!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Let's make it happen people!
On nfl bite buffstreams is being dumb today. Looks like it got bought out by a scam site. Any other streams I could use?
Butterflies baby
[Mood RN](https://youtu.be/fw_a4RvRlX0)
GO GO WE MOVE
LAMAAAAAAAAR
DOBBINSSSS
LETS GOOOOOO
Excited to see that Tyre Phillips won the starting job out of the gate. He must have really impressed in camp.
I can’t believe it’s finally here
So weird seeing the Bank empty.
The stadium is very eerie
HERE WE HO
LETS GO BOYS HAVE A GOOD AND HEALTHY SEASON!!!
I saw someone say this below but yeah without the crowd it really feels like a fight between the two teams
My body is ready
"Fuck me, waking up early for this game after working overnight shift"
Won the toss and deferred. Great start to the session!
I'm more pumped than the fake cheers
Tucker still in top form. Super bowl confirmed :)
Play some D
"&#x200B;

Booming kick from Tucker to start the game 🏈"
"The ""MO"" in Baltimore is coloured in in the endzone. Classy move."
lol fuck
Revamped defense on deck!
One of these years Cleveland will get it figured out.  Hopefully not this year.
WHAT THE FUCK IS UP MOTHERFUCKERS
S T I F T
Campbell with those bear paws!!
Pick!
Yessir!
PICK BABY
PICK!
Let’s go
Haha. Baker being baker.
PIIIIIÍIIOOIIIOOCK!
Let’s GOOOOOO!!!
LETS FUCKING GO
That’s a pick!!!!
That’s a clean INT!!
BAKER PICK 1ST DRIVE OMEGALUL
Mayfield gonna Mayfield
Ohhh! Baker already threw a pick
LFG
Let’s FUCKING GO!!!!!
LETS FUCCKING GO
Perfect way to end that drive!
1st pick of many for both Baker and Marlon this season :)
Man I’m a Dumbass still don’t have a Marlon jersey 🤦🏾‍♂️
The most iconic duo is back- baker and interceptions
HUMPED!!
BAKER WOKE UP FEELING DANGEROUS GUYS
Haha fuck you Baker
"Yes, this is good"
Who else rockin a Marlo jersey?
3 impact plays by Calais damn
MARLOOOOOOOOON fuck I need his jersey in black or white
"I knew there would be an interception, I didn’t think this soon though lmao"
I love you guys!!! MARLO
UNLEASH THE LLAMA!
LMAO BAKER DOING WHAT HE DOES BEST
WE ARE EATING BROWNIES TODAY
LETS FUCKIN GO!!!!!
WTF happened to buffstreamz and sportsurge?!?! Cant weatch the game anywhere!
"I know it’s a small sample size and it’s very early in the ravens season, but I’m worried about how easily they moved the ball against us."
Calias campbell leads the league in passes defensed. Truly unprecedented
Death. Taxes. Marlo with a pick
"Baker off to a good start, I like it."
Yo why did Hodge dodge the ball like that 😂😂
Sports surge down? Anyone got a link
DUUUUUUV
Watch Duvernay boys.
Calais Campbell is the best defensive signing in years!
DUVERRRNAY!! first down
I like seeing rookies do things
"Damn, we don’t need that right now with Lamar"
He’s fucking fast
"Guys, our team is going to be FIIIIIIRE"
ogunjobi is underrated in his contribution to the browns.
Damn lucky as fuck lol
My stream is so far behind. I was sitting in anticipation of the Duv 1st down play. Was nice.
That was ugly lmaoooo
Lamar “josh Allen” Jackson
"jarvis landry with the purple hair, join us. we're down."
Lamar ball security before the toss scared me man.
Haha wtf was that 😂 Lamar just playing gta at this point random shit
Lamar just hold onto it and keep the first down safe!
See Lamar trying to do his best Reed impression
ANDREWS HAVE MY SON
Classic Ed Reed okey doke
Holy shit I thought that was way over his head!!
#EEP!
Lamar chill
Andrews not letting up from last season!
Lamar has been playing too much madden 21
MANDREWS LETS GO
TOUCHDOOOOOOWN RAVENSSSS
LaMaR cAn'T tHrOw
LFG
YESSSSSS ANDREWS
SCOOP
BIG TRUZZ
Woo hoo!!!
holy fuck Mark I love you
Andrews bout to be in that Kittle/Kelce discussion
THATS MY MANDREWS 🖐💪💪💪💪
Fuck yeah boys!
HOLY SHIT
Mandrew's Let's GO!
hahahah yes this is good
We’re back baby.
What a grab!!!
great fucking catch
"Fuck Mandrews is too good.

I NEED MANDREWS, MARLON AND EVERYONES JERSEY FUCKKK u/WhiteBoobs where are our jerseys?!?!"
That’s a score
Couldn't have asked for a better start!
Andrews looks like he lost some weight. Dude is a beast!
cleveland in shambles
Lamar’s been playing too much madden trying to flip the ball in the air
The new FOX scoreboard is ugly as hell. Was hoping they’d dump it after the super bowl
Only one drive but I loved the play calling
Force a quick turnover then capitalise. Great way to set the tone early.
Lets keep it rolling 😈
"Struck first blood, LETS GO"
Campbell really dropped into a zone and played it perfectly on that last int. Hes such a versatile player so glad we have him.
I could listen to Charles Davis all day
Tavon Young is back
Let’s go Tavon!
3. And. Out.
Good coverage 25!
LMAO
That punter got cracked
LOL BROWNS
Lmfao
Co cap saw that shit
who the hell is richards?
THEY CALLED IT AT THE LINE SMARTTT PLAYS BOYS
Fort blew that shit up
THAT WAS FUNNY HAHAHA
classic brownies
GOOD PLAY LJ
Lmao.
"&#x200B;

Browns suck, lol

&#x200B;

Another Turnover"
LMAOOOOO BROWNS GONNA BROWN LMAOOOOO
"FUCK THE BROWNS!!!

IT'S GOOD TO BE BACK BOYS!"
LMAOOOOOO
l.m.a.o.
 OH HELL NO! Fuck outta here
HAHAHAHA SAME OL BROWNS
Being behind a minute for this stream sucks lmao you're all having fun before I notice
Way to see that presnap Levine!
Browns gonna Brown
Browns are Browning
#justbrownsthings
"That was the most Browns shit Ive holy shit im still recovering 


fucking LOL"
Can’t get a stream to work at the moment. What happened???
A lot of respect between the players
Would have rather had 7 but I'll take 3
browns already in midseason form i see
"""It's ok, Lamar, we also have Justin.""

-- Harbaugh."
I thought fluker was announced the starter a week or so ago when the depth chart came out?
We just struggle against Chubb
I knew this play was bad we were confused.
wake up defense
Ooph. That’s some pre-season tackling.
"I dig the browns helmet addition. Looks good, classy way of showing respect. 

Man, first time I use ""classy"" and ""browns"" in the same sentence. Probably the last time, too."
Oh boy. We need some run D. Week 1 jitters hopefully.
Buck Allen has a touchdown lmao
We still cant stop outside runs
Chuck is taking some terrible angles on these run pursuits
"Yikes. That's where we miss a Suggs type player, so strong against the edge run."
Thanks to this fanbase for being so nice and welcoming 🥰
Good series by the Browns.  Let's hold them to 3
Baker is so goofy looking when he moves around
Wow wide open
Damn it that was a golden opportunity
"Ran to set up the pass, classic strategy"
DOINK
LOL
DOINK
So Browns.  Much fail.
YOU AINT TUCKER LMAO
thank god he missed!
If they are gashing us like this in the run game then we're gonna need a lot of fuckin points
D fell asleep on that drive.  Come on man.  Get that shit together
I like this guy
don't look now but do we have a serviceable returner?????
Holllywooooooood
Duvernay has been pretty nice so far!
Wow Duvernay is a savage. I love it
We got us one in Duvernay.
HOLLYWOOD
What a fucking DOT
what a throw
HELL OF A THROW!!!!!
Hollywood!
What a fooking throw
Bomb boys are back
HOLLLLLLLLLLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
That’s the off-season work there!
consider you hoes stunted upon.
HOLLYWOOD!!!
Wooooow
HOLLYWOOD!
Wow what a catch by Hollywood and also by Hayden Hurst!!
#HOLLLYYYYYYWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
HOLLYWOOD!
"I think this is the best thing about this team now:  If we have been a little shaky, we have guys like Lamar/Hollywood who can take back the momentum."
I luv this offense so much
HOLLYWOOOOOOOD!!!!
Damnit Ricard
>:(
Really. Way too fancy. We have like 4 RBs. Give it to them
Why hand off to Ricard?
Ofc it’s Garret. Hate that guy
Fuckkk
He never had a good grip on the ball.
FUCK
Thats not ideal.
pat :(
god fucking dammit
god fucking damnit
"Not really Ricards fault, the o-line got blown up"
Defense gotta answer back.
The power and experience of Ingram outweighs the surprise of handing to Ricard IMO. Don't get cute.
All good. Truzz.
I’d like to see us put some fucking pressure on Baker.
This sucks but we are rusty AF. The fact we are still winning is good
Damn this is actually a good game. Not one punt yet
Give Edwards some carries
I’m fine with never giving Ricard another carry there thanks.
"ingram, edwards, dobbins lets give the ball to pat ricard..."
8-9 yards a play from Chubb isn’t the look D. Pick it up.
Fuck man defense has got to stand up
Lamar shouldve hd the ball not Ricard
Our run defence is so suspect.
I’m really hoping this is just rust and not what our D-Line will be going forward. We seems ill prepared to fight the run and our pass rush seems M.I.A.
"Where has Odell been, in the bathroom?"
Our pass rush is still our biggest weakness
Odell Beckham might be the biggest wasted talent in the league
Common Judon
Dumbass judon
yep. that'll do it. killing me judon.
You have to be fucking kidding me not marlo
Judon what the heck
Judon with the dumb as fuck penalty right on queue.
"&#x200B;

Matthew ""Body Built By Taco Bell"" Judon roughing the passer penalty"
JFC
of course its judon
That was dumb as fuck.
and there's the stupid judon penalty right on cue
FUCKK WHAT HAPPENED TO HUMPHREY?
What the fuck Judon
"Averett is in, gg"
Defense looks shit guys.
Not Humphrey wtf.
Not Humphrey!!
I was doing my nails in my room and came out to watch the game right before our field goal. I’m sorry I jinxed the team 😭😭😭
I just want to go back to that 3rd down fumbler for a second? **Are you fucking kidding me Roman?** We won motherfucking 14 games last year never handing the ball to a fullback in short yardage. What a terrible face call.
"Good call, obvious facemask"
I’d rather lose by 40 to the browns rn than lose Marlon
Oh man that should've been a pick
"Me: 

#INTER-NOOOO"
3rd and 35
Why do we play down to the Browns level?
Come on Clark wtf
A sack!?!?!?????
Clark needs to hit the jugs machine
Baker is still garbage. Love to see it
"get on the ground, bitch"
Come on chuck you gotta have that
Oh we needed that.
3rd and 41.
Lol
Just need 41 yards for a first!
YAAAAAAS QUEEN
"3rd and 41.  If there's an illegal contact penalty, I'll shit."
turnover hurt but the d stood up. it could be worse.
good job D
Lightning Mc Queen
Judon lucky the Browns didn't want to take advantage of that stupid RTP
Harrison looks nice
Pass rush looks so much stronger than last year
humphrey please come back
3rd & 41...... ya love to see it
Haha haha what is this game!
see what happens when you let your punter punt and don't doom him with a run.
Wtf
“Baker gets dumped” bro I thought that was Odell
Thank God for gus
99 yard TD drive incoming NBD
What a great call to get it right back to Ricard. Love that coaching.
The Farve sidearm
The passing game looks amazing rn
I'm liking this drive
We are so deep at RB
Keep Rowling Rowling Rowling
Kids a fucking stud
Dobbins looks like a star
meanwhile the washington football team is showing why their fans chose wrong
#J K ALL DAY
THAT is a response right there.
Lamar looks better if thats even possible
GET YOURS DOBBINS! Good job kid.
JK!!!!
OUR ROOKIES ARE ALREADY MAKING PLAYS
LETS FUCKIN GO JK!!!!
"Very encouraging to see the offense move the ball so crisp. We make a mistake, but come back and rectify it.

And fantastic to see the rookies balling it out today"
"DOBBY. 

SOCK. 

COLLISION COURSE."
Way to go Dobbins! That was a great drive! Only thing I wish they used a little more time but if the D can stand up we might be able to score again before the half
"The neon lights on Baltimore  
Every shadow's getting famous  
In some backyard, in some plastic chair  
Hoping these cigarettes will save us  
Here we go again, here we go again"
DOBBINS IS ELITE
THAT is what I've missed all offseason!
How many different rushers and receivers that drive? Gd
Can someone explain why we use Judon in coverage so much?
Jersey Mike's is decent for a franchise hoagie place
Any word on Humphrey?
"I hate that I have to watch this on stream... stupid corona and the bars. All I get is Jets/Bills, and Philly/Wash"
Queen must play with 150% gravity
PxP - drop by Beckham for what would have keen a 3rd down conversion. Seriously - 2 hands right in front of his face. No defender on him.
Lol Odell
GOOD!
Hahaha
Thank god 🙏
lol
What a treat their kicker
MISSED IT! SUCK IT!
Gg browns kicker keep up the good work
Browns fans on suicide watch
Lol. BROWNS!
Lmaoooooo
Why do we hate the Browns again? They seem to be our greatest ally hahaha
Browns are gonna brown
LMAOOOOOOO JUST BROWNS THINGS
Imagine practicing with one hand all the time then missing a wide open catch on a crucial third down.
HAHAHAHAHA. How could you leave that 2min drive with 0 pts????
Don’t to forget to thank God we have Tucker (and aren’t the Browns)
Lol OBJ and lol Seibert.
Takitaki? I think I've eaten that fish.
"This game has been a lot closer than the scoreboard suggests, the browns keep failing to capitalize after several great plays"
The big thing I’m noticing is that our receivers are catching!!
"don't worry Siebert, everyone can't be Justin Tucker"
good job hollywood! Lamar looking SHARP
Bro it’s week 16 all over again
Lamar is fucking surgical today
I love that even with masks on the coaches still instinctively hide their mouths with call sheets
This is exactly what I wanted to see from Lamar
Our guys are getting wide open. Lamar might throw for 4000 this year lol
let's get a TD folks
YEAH!!!
"YEAH WE'LL KICK... THE XP\~  


MANDREWSSS\~\~\~\~\~\~\~"
MANDREWS AGAIN!!!
B2B MVP
And we get the ball after halftime. Fuuuck me
#THAT'S A GROWN ASS MANDREWS
Lamar have my children
#MVP
***MAN-FUCKING-DREWS***
That play calling was top tier
"LETS GO BOYSSSSS, THATS MY FREAKING QB"
Ravens hit the Browns hard to end the half yet again.
I love the car dealership things
ANDREWS
**69 Yard Drive**. nice
The rest of the NFL is so fucked.
haven't missed a fuckin BEAT lets go
Same old sorry ass Browns 😂😂😂😂
lmao browns 24-6 you love to see it
Did cowher just say something about this being the preseason?
What the hell happened to OBJ?  He used to have stickum hands.
um guys watching redzone at half and every other stadium is 10x louder than our stadium why
Lol thanks Cleveland
"I really like dobbins in his limited action, looks very explosive and quick."
"PxP - great punt, locked in the side at the 20"
Hollywood has 100 yards with a 20 yard average.
stanley pls be ok
Man we could have ended this game with that drive. Let’s go D!
Did something happen to Ingram? Looks like Dobbins is getting all the snaps.
Stanley having his left ankle/foot looked at on the sideline
They've gotta expect the blitz on 3rd and long... Dont know why the keep motioning the RB out. Keep the extra blocker or have Lamar roll out.
"Is it me, or does OBJ just look like he doesn't care?"
Browns last won a season opener in 2004. Sad.
omg these pass interference calls
Can we just stop with the flags what the fuck
Beckham getting son'd. Dude couldn't catch that shit.
lol Beckham sold that
That ball was not catchable at all
at least we can stop the run
"Meh, not the worst hold. Could've been uncalled."
I know they just got two penalities but they can't be serious rn lol. Marlon is on his ass
"&#x200B;

Baker Mayfield  has a Beer Belly 🍺"
Wow. Wtf refs
PxP - AWESOME pass coverage for inc by bowser
Humphreys might have to choke a punk soon.
Hell yeah Calais!
Nice break on that by Bowser
I fucking love these graphics ripping the Browns lmao
omfg stop fucking holding!!
WHAT THE FUCK
Are the refs tryna make this a game?? Come on...
Enough with the  Penalties!    😡😡
Jesus fucking christ refs
Refs have Cleveland +7.5
Can we not...please?
Tavon no baby why
Tavon literally held that dude down the field lol
The browns have done nothing to keep this drive going. Our defense is the 2nd best offense on the field today
Clean it up fellas
Ha Beckham..
PxP - throw away after good pressure.
Low-key amazing to me that the browns have been gifted so many penalty yards and they still haven't gotten north of midfield
MP JUICE MAN!!!!
MP JUICEMAN!!!
MP JUICE MAN
Pass rush is showing up finally.
Good play Peters.
MP Juice man
Odell getting clowned today
JUICEMAN
Beckham had to play DB there.
"fluker coming in, something happened to stanley :("
Hey guys stop bitching all of those flags were legit so blame the players who are committing the penalties not the fucking refs
Turning into a penalty fest
Browns fans are experiencing the actual abuse part of the Cycle of Abuse right now.
Juiceman
Facemask all over that play.
Peters so close to picking that too!
Ah que mi sendejo pendejo
refball
"Stupid plays by defense, but respect. Got 3 separate stops in the same drive. Didn’t get demoralized."
Let's see if we're totally fucked with Fluker at LT
Landry was carving us up and they just decided to ignore him to try to please OBJ for the rest of the game 😂
Stanley'll be alright ice up
ANDREWS! what a pass
Oh that was perfect
Fluker holding his own
Andrews is a cheat code
Lamar to Andrews does not miss
MAndrews is a god
Andrews is the anchor Lamar needs
browns really will never be good lol
SNEAD TD
LAMAR
Thats my quarterback! Lol
Bro Lamar is a GOD and people still hate 😤😤😤
"Jeeez Lamar, this is a good start to my week"
SNEEEEEAAD!!!
Zoo wee mama Lamar Jackson lookin hot
I am going full KEKEKEKE at browns
lol browns why does this team get hype??
"Great to see Lamar come back so strong after such a disappointing end to last season. Premature, but already looking forward to seeing Lamar go off this year in the playoffs, and take this team places"
"I really respect the Browns D line.  The secondary, not so much.  If the Ravens hit their blocks, then Lamar is going to work some magic."
Prayer circle for Marlon & Ronnie
Even his throwaways look stupid
"Oh shit, they remembered Landry is their only good receiver."
Can't wait to watch Bengals vs Browns on Thursday night
Did Lenny Moore pass away?  They did a montage a few minutes ago then didn’t comment on it
MY GAWD
Marcus Peters is one more big play from laying someone out with some sweet chin music
OMG!!!
That was a strong safety play.
OBJ gettin pissed lmao
The Joker sighted
S M I L E
"I feel like the Browns biggest problem was they tried to force it to Odell so much the last few drives. Landry seems to have our number pretty good; but of course, Odell’s personality gets in the way of the team."
"Oh wow, Elliot did something"
Damn it.  I hate when they get first downs
Earl Thomas shines De’shon Elliot’s shoes
"Dude ran right past Mayfield, lol"
Defense out here trying to make sure Lamar gets another drive smh
Wtf is this 3rd and long wide open zone bullshit
"Guys, this is preseason week 1, we still have to play 3 more preseason games before we can see how teams figured Lamar out by watching an entire year of tape on him"
Can we get them off the field please?!
THAT's a pass rush! Nice play to get yards
Odell just looks dejected.
Humphrey gonna make this his **breakout in the media** year. Fucking boss
"Baker is literally too stupid to just throw that away, I love it lol."
B O W S E R
Bowser is quietly having the best game of his career. Love to see it
Bowser THAT is how you make up for your mistake.
Man if we could get a consistent pass rush it’d be a wrap. That’s the only thing I feel is a little lacking from us
WERE ROLLING NOW BOYS
Unfortunate time for obj to put up a stinker
"Big monsters named Bowser and destroying tinyen with mustaches

Name a more iconic duo"
Finally some pressure!
MAKES UP FOR THE PENALTY WOOOO
One more td and then RG3 time
Bakers going to be looking for a new team come February guarantee it
Wtf is that tua razor commercial
Bowser has looked really good today
Alright your team is pretty good god damn
Defense looks damn good right now. Let’s go get another one Lamar!
That tua ad was cool
Andrews is a stud.
Browns fans turning on Mayfield in other game threads.  Asking for Keenum.  Lol
Mandrews hands too good
"I will say in defense of our pass rush, maybe it’s possible the browns actually have a decent O-Line or maybe it’s just rust."
Browns asking if they can forfeit
Drop 40 for Mo.
"DJ Fluker has been SOLID against Myles Garrett.

Fuckin Nuts."
I hope Ronnie is fine for next week because our offensive line isn’t nearly as good without him.  Also OBJ is getting exposed in his pass protection.
Did they just say someone was out due to a lacerated liver??
NICE
FUMBLE RECOVERYY!!! LET'S GOOOOOOO
🅱️uSt
browns gonna brown
"LJ Fort. The gift that keeps on giving. Nicely done, Big Dick DeCosta"
I’m enjoying this
WHAT DID QUEEN DO I MISSED IT
The Yahoo app stream started playing tons of Baker commericals haha
Queen legit put himself in front for DROY
That was a man’s strip right there
Not enough there I hope to over turn
QUEEN
QUEEN
Queen good
Feel bad for Ingram today. Hasn't really been able to breakout today
Lamar good
almost added a rushing td to the resume
JK NOT JOKING AROUND
JK.... no we’re Not Kidding
RGIII time
Lamar's like a cat.
Dobbins is having a heckin' first NFL game.
"Fuck the Browns forever, man. 38 points isn't enough"
Surprisingly the rushing offense hasn't looked particularly special today
Wow what a run.
YES SIR
Another TD for the rookie!
"This organization, man. Top to bottom, First Class. Let's fucking go."
"FML I started Ingram, he still my boy tho."
It’s Bob time baby!!!!
Baker looks like he plays exactly like that manlet from the Hulu commercials
is the ravens browns stats broken on the nfl website? it still shows 0-0 score for me
Campbell is kinda good.
big boy knockdown
Wow Baker is ass
Anyone streaming this game through some service? What can i do to watch this on an xbox
I want a tub for Hollywood
I got to say those drone shots of the city are really nice
"Hey guys, quick question: who has the green dot for the ravens defense? Is it Chuck Clark?"
Illegal WHAT?!!! These refs...
so many rigged calls
Crack back block in 2020? Are you kidding me
Take out the starters it ain’t worth it right now
Up 32 and that hit.. we should probably have Jackson take the rest of the day off
I always super trust 15 yard calls when they don't show a replay
Jihad Ward has played as well as anyone on that line
lol colts drops one to the jags!
"Jeez, Edwards almost busted out!"
Bus!
Can you place a bet on whether Stefan Kevinski's gonna be fired before or after the season ends?
Edwards still looking explosive
Daydream? Yes please
"I don't love those toss plays.  I feel like it takes the cutback ability from the back, so the defence only has to defend half the field."
My stream has been booty since the half. Stanley ok??
Obj crying on the sideline
1-0!
Any word on Stanley injury? I’m seeing ankle questionable. Not much more. Is it serious?
W
"Nice game, boys!"
that was a lot of fun
I love Marvin Humphreys more than some family members.
"I'm so jealous of you guys. You chose the last guy on the board for 2016 draft QBs and ended up with the best one. One is a back up, two already have turnovers and Sam has 3 3 and outs. Lamar already has a TD. lmao NFL scouts suck."
hahahahahahahahahahahahhaah we're still allergic to defending the run
Starting to get a little worried about our run defense. Hopefully it’s just first game jitters
Now I know why EDC wanted Clowney.
LLAMA LASER TO HOLLYWOOD
"pathetic, 3rd and short and taking ball out of Lamar's hand or Ingram's."
JK YOU FRIGGIN MORON
Onions. Onions everywhere.
mos watchin from above
"Baker may suck at football, but at least he's a great dancer"
that's the second time andrews caught a pass with his penis
Take the starters out
"With no preseason, expect Lamar out there all game. Gotta get live reps in."
put rgiii in
"Get my man RGIII in for the forth... I like watching him do well, and I want Lamar Safe."
Fuck Trump
Why are political ads even a thing?
This game feels long
Baker laughing during the anthem
[deleted]
"Lamar has started games throwing a little high sometimes, he'll bring em down next drive. Also Andrews continues to be one of the best TEs in the league"
Anyone have a free link to watch??!
Hahahahahaha
Missing that extra point is just browns football
Dude I was like who is already down there of course it’s Hollywood
"Ricard is great for blocking and check downs. He shouldn’t be running when we’ve got Ingram, Gus, and Dobbins 😞"
Pls score offense I’m already stressing hard after that TO 🤦🏾‍♂️
Duvernay **>** Proche
Y’all really be whining too much
Would simp for dobbins
Elliot’s gonna need to learn fast
There seems to be a lot of fake ass 2019 era new fans in here... GDT was never anywhere close to this active before
"Why am I still shaking with anxiety and it’s only the first game of the season? Oh, that’s right, we’re Ravens fans."
These niggas are DIFFERENT LETS GOOOOO
Mar gotta call that blitz out next time
Hell yea. God bless Moe
Mo!!!
Super bowl for Mo!
I wouldn’t mind a lil RG
Browns Oline is pretty good right?
Lamar dont piss me off
How long until JK is the primary option!
My stream died... so Washington Touchdown!!!! Washington is up on Philly with 6:13 in the forth.
Clay Matthews still a FA right?
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
CAW CAW
Go go go go
Time to start bitching and shit posting with you boys once again
Always get a little nervous when we’re wearing white unis
We back boys!!
"R-A-V-E-N-S

RAVENS!!!!!"
LEGGO BOIS!
Kinda wanna watch joe burrows debut today might split screen both games. Just wanna see him make a clown outta himself on his first game
LETS GOOOOO
We’re baaaaaaack
No football for 8 months is painful. Wish the NFL created a G-League like the NBA already
Lessgo!!!
"I know it’s wrong to say but kinda glad Hill out for this game, never really felt like he was anything special, excited to see what dobbins does"
"I don’t like the lack of audience, but it’s cool how there not being an audience makes it feel like more a personal fight between the two teams that about to start"
"We back, let’s GO FLOCK!"
LET'S GO DEFENSE
Why are there ushers in an empty stadium
Why are we wearing white when we're the home team
TUCKER IS PUMPED UP.
I've been waiting for this moment since January. Lets fucking go!!!!
Quite smoky...
this is so weird being able to hear players. so easily. wildddd.
“Lol” 😬
JUICEMAN GOOOO
uhhhh is sunday ticket and/or nflbite not working for anyone else who has it?? I am going insane rn
Judon ready to fight lmao
BIGGGGGG Truss Calais
Campbell is as big as JO 75 lol
now thats what we like to see
Stream link
"That's fucking right, D!!"
Lmaooooooooo
LET'S GO MARLON!!! INTERCEPTION!!!
LETSSSS GOOOOO
LETS GOO
CALAIS BABYYY
Campbell again!!
Damn Campbell brining the heat
LETS GO. DEFENSE
I'm pretty sure he got his hands under that.
"A little late, but a friendly Fuck the Browns! Can't believe football is back!"
The downside of no crowd is that we can’t shout “BAKER THE BUST” after every aborted drive
AY WHAT UP ANYBODY GOT A STREAM?
Just me or has madden totally ruined this caster duo for anyone else lol
WE ARE EATING BROWNIES TODAY
Jets had a 3 and out before I even pulled up the stream. Guess I'm joining you all for most of the season to save myself from sadness.
Watching RedZone so wild to see the Skins logo not there
That is a terrible stat for mayfield
Campbell is DPOY.  Don't @ me.
"Baker Mayfield, STILL sucks

&#x200B;

Interception by Marlon Humphrey!"
MOVE THOSE CHAINS
DUUUUIUUUUUUVVV!
DUUUUUUUUUUV
Love it. Nothing fancy. Let’s run it down their throats all the way to hell
DUUUUUUUUUU!
Ravens O hasn't missed a beat since last season.
Duvernay QUICK
Already like Duv
DUV
Devin!!! Harbs was fired up for him
Man Calais already made his contract worth it
Yo Duvernay...welcome to the squad
DUUUUUUVVVVVVVVV
DUUUUUUUUUU
LETS GO! Scary but YESS
Lamar don’t scare me like that
Scared the fuck out of me
The heck?
It's been a while since I saw a WR screen
Did they just throw a Jarivs Landry graphic up on Duvernay??
i think that was a planned play call. and i LOVE IT.
Hahahahahaha
Let's not do that again lol
Risky AF but I actually love that. More laterals in the NFL please
That option play was a bit scary
Lamar Jesus be careful
OBJ WHO?
HES JUST A RUNNING BACK
MANDREWS
🍆🍆
Mandrews is like that
HOLY SHIT ANDREWS TD!!
MANDREWS FOR THE DAGGER. LETS GO BIG MAN
Let’s goooooo baby.
Dude switching to a roku sucks im like a play behind always wtf
Hell yeah fellas
fuuuuck yeah! what a start to the season!
That was scary lol
Can someone send me a link? I can’t find a working stream.
NASTY
"Uh, Lamar no. I love you. But no"
Hell of a grab MAndrews
Good lord Lamar! Scared the living shit outta me
omg
what a snag by Andrews
"I'm tryna send everyone links who asks, but I'm sorry if I double send to your inbox. I'm tryna send like 2 between each play lol, hard to keep track."
Harbs looks like such a fucking gangster
We are lookin good. That lateral was fuckin sexy
What the fuck was that drive lmfao
"MAN I'M SO HYPE FOR THIS TEAM. HUMPH IS MY BOI AND CALAIS IS A BEAST! DUVERNAY MAKING PLAYS, JUST SO GOOD!"
Oh my Mandrews
We are back baby
Punchin em in da mouth!
First replay screw job of the season incoming??
hardest time i've ever had getting a stream lol but i'm here let's go boys
Picture-in-picture commercials. >:(
so many commercials. i will never get used to it
Can someone send me a link? I can’t find a working stream.
Baker with the shaker.
"That's it for their scripted start, I guess."
Give baker more ints please
Yeeeee Tavon
PUNT LFG
Baker has that stormtrooper accuracy.
"Browns already punting LMAO

you blink and you missed their pathetic drive!

Edit: or a pathetic fake punt LOL"
I love Tavon Young
Bahaha
LMFAO Browns? What IS this shit???
TAVON is fucking iron man
LOL Browns are Browning...
Lol
Oof
Lmao
LMFAO
Ooooo Cleveland never change
LMAO NICE MEME PLAY YOU FUCKING LOSERS
 I CALLED THAT FAKE
Browns Gonna Brown
Tavon for comeback player of the year!!
Lmaooooooooooooooo!
HAHHAHAAHAHHAHAH
Got damn Browns punter is a beefcake
Browns gonna browns
I’m erect
We are kiings of the fake don't try it babbyyyy
Tavon killing the big man. I fw it!!
Lolololol
So nice to have Tavon back
At least they’re not Detroit
Just Cleveland things lol
Fort killed that play single-handedly
Lolololol idiots
You know co caps going to come up with that!
I'm growing to like this Stefanski character
FUCKING LMAOOOOO
Lmao
LOLBrowns
"That was a really dumb decision for them. If I’m the Browns, I try to kick it to the rookie and try to pin us back"
HAHAHAHHHAHHAAAAAAHHAHAHAAAA
 STUNT ON THESE HOES!!!
LOOOOL BROWNS
Lmao guess they're getting it out the way early.
OUR DEFENSE LIT
Props to LJ there for killing the blocker AND THEN the punter
Wtf on their own 30? And they lost yards? lmaooo
Let’s goooo
Look what the pandemic has done.. I forgot that there are GDTs when watching sports.
Ingram didn’t cut inside there
Imagine cheering for the Browns
HAHAHAH WHAT DID I JUST WATCH
Browns gonna brown
"Fort!

 what a play"
That black visor is so fucking sick
Damn O line looking a little weak rn hoping it’s just rust
Oline showing some growing pains/rust
JT Money Man
“The Cleveland Miscue”
UGH. Offense isn't firing the way I'd like. Passing game needs to be better.
Anyone got a different stream than crack stream? I’m getting 5 FPS on 90 download..
jarvis landry is so good man. imo better than odell.
Why are we still running Lamar up the middle
Can’t watch the game. How’s the defense looking without earl?
brandon Williams was held so obviously. Refs dont wanna throw flags?
Marcus Peters loves whiffing on those
Don’t like to see that. But I have faith Baker will fuck something up shortly.
Having no pass rush yet again bruh wtf
Run defense and tackling very poor rn
Tackling tackling tackling.
yo elliot got fucking blown up
"zero rush.

What did we pay Judon for?"
still cant get to the qb it seems
No pass rush no run d...
Wtf the D line is not living up to the hype
"Miss communication lead to this , bend but don’t break"
Hunt just kicked us in the chin.
Run defense gettin worked early 🤦🏼‍♂️
Tackling looking very suspect.
Oof fooled them completely
You can actually hear the players talking with fans
That was a great play call by Stefanski tbh
Lol. Still the Browns.
Lol
Brownies lol
Thank God the browns are the browns or id be a little worried
"come on guys, all baker is good for is commercials!! lets answer here"
devin durvernay is gonna be very good
DUUUUUUUUUV!
DDUV
We need a long TD drive here
Ok Duvvv
great play design on that touchdown. credit where credit is due
HOLLYWOOD!!!!!!!
Hollywoooooooooood
LAMAR AARON RODGERS JACKSON
HOLY HOLLYWOOD!!!!
HOLLYWOOD!!!
HOLLYWOOD!!!!
SEAMLESS. HELL YEAH LAMAR. HELL YEAH HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOOD
Hollywoooood!
Hollywood’s training is paying off!
NOT BAD FOR A RUNNING BACK
I overslept during my nap lol. What'd I miss
HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOD
Quite the return by Duvernay
Hands look like glue
That move lol
There we go let’s get a push!!
Literally the GOAT.
( ° ͜ʖ °)
Lamar already breaking ankles
Nice extra effort there.
Hahahahahaha omg lamar is making people look embarrassed
Lets fuckin go!
We’re just build different
Lamar threw him open 40 yards down field. MVP
Hey guys this is just a Michigan fan stopping by y’all uh... I think we got the wrong harbaugh y’all mind taking jimmy... please?
Welp
GOD DAMMIT
fuck
Ugh
Oops
FUCKKK
I look away for 1 second
Damnit Ricard. You cannot fumble there.
......
Fuck
Goddammit Pat
God damn fumble
Dumb
Fucking Christ
Son of a bitch
Ick. Let’s take it back boys!
Its so surreal to have no fans there
What the fuck was that?! We're gonna let them back in the game with our mistakes
I wanna see Malik light someone up.
That sucks :(
Getting too cute with the play calling when you have the best running team in the league
Terrible play why Ricard?
This team has always loved making dumb mistakes to let cleveland stick around
"Twidling my thumbs trying to find a way to watch this stupid game...

Why does the NFL make it so hard.  I'd frickin' pay but DirectTv isn't viable so I can't do sunday ticket.  BLARG!"
D needs a stop here
"I can’t watch, but I’m on lunch, can I get a quick recap of how we look?"
"I know this seems bad - it’s week 1. No pre, late padded practise. Stuff like this is expected. Hell, browns did it."
There is no pass rush what so ever
Run defense is some shit
Our D-Line is unable to do anything right atm
Is Odell playing
Goddamnit don’t whiff on that.
B. Washington is not doing ANYTHING.
COuld tell that was going to Landry the second Peters peeled off to cover Hunt
"Not on Marlon, buddy!"
80 yards already on the ground...
odell beckham sr getting in some quality time with his other son jarvis.
"I swear one of Mayfield's pre-snap calls was ""Pringles""."
We need some pressure on mayfield
Their OL looks good.  We can't get pressure on Baker.
Hope EDC got Matthews on the phone
Welp
Dammit
fuuuuuuk didnt need that
I hope Hump is ok
Judon with another boneheaded penalty smh
Bruh moment
Well this is quickly going down hill
4th & 1 and we give them 15 yards. Nice.
Why’d We resign Judon....guy is soo dumb and just a loudmouth
And our best CB hurt cool
Honestly a fair call. Gotta be more cognizant of that.
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOT HUMPH FUCK NO NOT AVERRETT
Make up penalty.
that'll do it. i'll take it. dumb play for judon for dumb play from odell.
If marlon is out put Jimmy outside not Averett
Good job MP
Our line is going BLOWN UP every play
Time to choke OBJ I see.
Who’s wearing 23?
CHUCK NOOOOO
Come-on clark damn where is Reed
Why are we friends with the browns :(
In his hands... Oh.... CLARK
CLARK THAT WAS A GIMME 😭😭😭
CLARK WHY!
"Judson: shit, I just gave up 15 yards

Obj: I gotchu fam"
Queen!!!!!!!
3rd and forever is nice
Queen shit
D finally waking up....
There we go D! Now no stupid penalties please
"Implosion we all expected to see at least one today, lol."
Agghhh Chuckie!!! Looks like OBJ played decent defense there
Thank y’all for the PxP
if they convert this first down so help me god.
Queeeeeeeeeeen
thats my queen
No binehead penaltirs
brownest drive ever
3rd and 41 lol
MARLON IS QUESTIONABLE TO RETURN
OK PAT
And that momentum went RIGHT back to us
3rd and 41 lmaooo
3rd and 1000000000
Browns recover fumble...aaaand then do some Browns shit.
If they get this I swear to god...
Caribbean Queen!
Do another fake punt browns!
smhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"Are you kidding me? This is a good game right now, if not a little silly xD"
Fair catch?
Any word on Humph?
The Scottish hammer got them flowing locks
I love football boys
Marlo questionable to return
Looking like there was no preseason for sure. Lots of dumb mistakes. Interesting to see how Browns have mostly contained Lamar. Will probably mean lots of 1 on 1 downfield which has obviously already worked out for us.
"No matter the outcome of the game, if Humphrey is seriously hurt it is a major L for our chances this season."
Marlon is questionable he looks fine
Wasn't Lamar good at throwing deep last year? I thought his biggest issue was outside the numbers.
He went back to Ricard. Nice
White jerseys purple pants looks really sharp.
That Boy-Kin Catch
Brown was out in space on that one.
Damn Boykin looks fast as hell
Pro-tip for anyone using non-us game pass with a vpn: South Koreas internet infrastructure is fantastic.
Lamar is dotting them up right now
PxP - Hollywood wideopen. Across the 50. Lamar with a great pass after a scramble and bad RB running into Lamar
You can’t spell Lamar without a r m
"Side arm pass

Miles Boykin

Nice"
woof that was a sexy little flick to Boykin
Boykin is my Favorite Raven. Just think there’s so much potential.
Boykin! Big things this year!!
Finally we see some Dobbins
Great fuckinf drive
Give it to GUS!
PxP - 2nd and 5 - dobbins like 10 to the 25.
JK!!!
Lamar carving up the defense!
PxP - Ingram for 2
JK up the middle!
JK All Day
Please just fix the run defense
"YOU GET A CATCH, YOU GET A CATCH, EVERYONE GETS A CATCH!!!!!!!"
Lamar is a generous QB.  He makes sure all his children mouths are fed.
Nice to see all of our targets being used.
That last connection to Brown showcased the chemistry Lamar and Marquise developed in the offseason. Brown adjusted.
JK DOBBINS TOUCHDOWN!!!!!! LETS GO
FEED THE SNEAD
99 yard drive LFG
DUCK YEAH JK
#DOBBINS 👏👏👏👏
JK ALL DAY
Dobbins wears that #27 well
"Nice form getting across the line without the knee going down. TD!! And PAT - Lol, Browns."
it should be criminal we got such a great RB in JK.
We have our man guys. Jk is it. Ingram gonna be our clutch starter and jk is the go-to. Love this rotation.
"I may already be married, but I'm gonna have to warn my wife about Dobbins."
Beautiful!@
The Magical JK Dobbins with the tudder!
JK's First TD!
Alright all is forgiven.....for now. Let’s go!
Great rest for the defense to run their 2 minute drill now
JK!
That was a drive!
Jaykaaaaay!
"That's it baby, first of many. Welcome to the team JK"
"JK Dobbins, a player so great we named an island on the Magothy after him decades before he was born!"
Keep the ball rook!
"Great job, rooks!"
speed team 💨
Time for a Joker interception.
Was that Jamal stiff arming Ed Reed.
Gang gang gang lol
PxP - 2m warning after no gain run
Marlo back in. Thanks Talos
Why did it have to be Marlon T_T
Just got here how has everyone looked?
How’s the Joker doing?
PxP - jump ball to Nojoke-U over Tavon to the Baltimore 31
I wonder if this game would be different with fans at the bank?
Defense really struggling right now
Run defense is doing good this drive
The fuck was all that
Thats like the 3rd time Elliot was way too deep
Just keep them from getting 7 points.
i'm a jerk but i'm laughing. njoku oughtta go over and give him a quick lesson.
FUCK YEA LMAO
LET'S GO
* #2 dropped ball.
Brownsydrome
Man couldn't even hit the kicking net
And LMFAO Clowns
Cleveland is a “special” team
lmao OBJ
HHAHAHHAHAAAA
Home girl should have used one hand lol
"I think they should've gone for it since we get the ball and still have 40 seconds left 2 T/Os anyways to maybe move with.

Guess in the end they get fucked because they miss LOL"
Obj career will never be the same
PxP - Jackson to Sneed at the 41. TO.
oh shit when did they add the preseason game back in?
65 yard TD to Miles Boykin incoming
Love to see it
"Yesss willie, he’s been v consistent"
Extra special teams
Lololol
Browns and shitting the bed - name a more iconic duo.
WoooooooooW!!!!!!!!
oof. feels bad for the guy
That could have been a really nasty hit on the Browns own players. Ahh I cringed a bit.
Oof. If they were playing anyone else I'd feel bad for them.
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Brown is having a day.
YEA HOLLYWOOD
PxP - awesome slip out of a pass rush by Lamar. Pass to brown at the 15 or 20. Andrews at the 10
LaMaR DoEsN't HaVe AcCuRaCy
Llama with the sideline dart. Noice
I lovw this team
We are already in tucker range
Fuck the Browns
Goddamn the Lamar to Hollywood connection gets my blood pumping
Why is Justin Tucker so sexy? I’m not even gay.
LLAMA OUT HERE THROWIN DARTS LFG
dawg lamar is making STRIKES
The passing game looks filthy rn
Lamar so accurate
Hollywood is really turning into an anchor in the wr position. He's showing up all over the field
Lamar makes it look so easy
Shiiiiit hollywood is amazing
hollywood 100
PxP - 12s left after Incompete.
I can’t believe how sharp the passing game is right now. Week 1 is off to a great start.
10 in a row for my goat
you guys are slaughtering the browns holy shit
i really like charles davis. he’s a fun guy.
Chunk plays now!
Commentary jinx on 10 straight comp
Jackson/Brown connection is nice
Boykin you dropped it!
Mandrews x 2!
"Andrews, again!!! Woooohooo"
"MANDREWS, THE BALL MAGNET!!!"
The Beast strikes again!
METHODICAL
Andrews is having quite the day!!
ANDREWS X2
LETS GOOO
Perfect ball
Browns might want to cover that Andrews guy.
I am still coming to grips with the Ravens having a dynamic offense
Mandrews with 2 tuddies
back to old trusty for the TD haha
I LOVE THIS TEAM
can’t wait to see rg3!!
"I drafted Lamar #2 overall in fantasy.

No ragrets"
TOUCHDOWN RAVEEEEEEENS
LET'S GO
Same old browns
"Fight on you Baltimore Colts... oh, wait."
i love this team
"That was as perfect of a drive before the half I have ever seen. Lamar just tearing them apart, Hollywood making the, laid, and Mandrews putting the cherry on top"
Snead is poised for a sneaky good year. Think he was put in a bad spot last year. Like Duvernay but think he’s gonna mostly be a gadget player to start.
Fuck the Browns though.
That bright red suit with a blue shirt doesn’t work
PxP - flag on ok return. Face mask on CLE.
PxP - Dobbins smacked on 3 yd run
Dobbins starting second half
PxP - Low/behind throw to Boyle. Incomplete
"that's the only part of our game that gets me nervous, hopefully duv is solid"
can odell just be traded so this saga goes away. he doesn't fit in.
Oh shit I forgot about RG3
"We needed that drive, but let's go defense!"
What a fucking punt!!!
"some of these amplified sound effects are hilarious


the Browns player going ""Eurghghgghh!"" trying to run back that kickoff was hysterical"
Stanley looked hurt
I'm feeling an interception this drive
What the hell is pxp?
"he didn't want to make excuses. but just so you know, literally everything he did wrong was because of the injuries."
we REALLY HAVE ODELL BECKHAM SR. ON THIS TEAM.
that's my queen
PxP - WAAAAAY overthrown to OBJ deep. Flag
Odell looks like he wants to walk off the field and retire.
"Keep trying Marlon, Odell"
Bullshit
Ok idiots stop
And all the flags
Bullshit
"Lol, refs..."
PxP - 1y run to Chubb
"Odell sold that. If you can't catch, you can always flop"
Was that even remotely close to catchable?
OBJ is just getting pissed because his potential HOF career is going down the drain in Cleveland.
Run d is starting to look better
Beckham playing like a worse Torrey Smith
"Okay that first one may have been there, but that second one was fucking bullshit."
"Humph making a couple small mistakes, might be his usual physical play style or making up for his shoulder"
Bruh...
So much bullshit
PxP - holding on Young for a free 1st down on 3rd and9
browns have to get back in this game somehow.
What was that Tavon
Run defense looking better
"What pity flags now?

edit: dangit tavon :("
"I see, so they can tackle our DL but we can't touch their WRs all of a sudden."
That's a soft call. They both had hands on each other
Defense really shitting the bed keeping this drive alive for them.
Cleveland Yellows
Defense! STOP BEING SO SLOPPY WITH THESE PENALTIES
"what is you doing, young"
Obj getting pissed
Refs trying to keep the game close I see
"Terrible call, my god."
Haha no field presence by the Turd Lover
Besides the queen sack and  Judon roughing penalty have we even touched mayfield.
Bowser balling in the contract year. Like clockwork
Surprised the refs didnt give him that like they gave him all those bullshit flags
ferguson was on his ass
GREAT STOP PETERS!!!
PxP - 3rd and 10 - pressure to Inc thanks to Peters on OBJ.
You know Odell is heated
Ferguson looked pretty surprised that he went free lol
Peters wasn't too far from hauling that one in.
Great pressure by Ferguson
I love MP
Finally
JUICEMAN
MP JUICEMAN!
juiceman wanted that!!!
These flags are bullshit wtf refs
lol is OBJ just the ultimate heel?
Nvm that flag helped us lol
Refs u were so good 1st half what are you doing 😡
Stanley is questionable to return...
Everyone I bet on getting their asses kicked so far thankfully I laid off the Ravens lol
Stanley injured? Marlon banged up. Don't like this. These two are irreplaceable.
That pile on the last sack it looked like Lamar was worried about Stanley when he went back. Hope he didn't get rolled too bad.
Ronnie is fine.. Not worried.
Stefanski realizing how bad Cleveland is
Stanley is out so the o-line is about to get eaten alive
My gawd mandrews
Absolute DIME!
Mandrews like a motha fucka
Damn Andrews is a beast
omg what a throw
BIG BOY NO LIL BOY
ANDREWS IS A FUCKING MAN
THATS A NICE ASS PASS
I love how Mark does the salt bae for a celebration 😂
Let's see Andrews get a 3rd TD!
MANDREWS
MANdrews
Lamar going MVP Again!!
Lamar to Andrews is such a fucking insane combination.
Stanley being questionable is a kick in the dick.
"Mark Andrews is a bad, bad man. I want to get his jersey but last time I did they left the team (CJ)."
Andrews is elite af.
Protect Mandrews
Fluker did well there
We don't need Stanley to kill the Brown
FUXKING DIME.!!!!
Stanley being questionable means it’s nothing serious long term probably
SNEAAAAAAAD
LAMA SO GOOD
God I love you Lamar
MVP MVP MVP
Need for Snead
Fluker playing well
SNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEAD!!!
SNEAD
YOO!!!
Not bad for a RB
Pouring it on now boyz!! Fuck yea Snead
😁😁😁😁😁
Lamar Jackson
how shit are the browns?
Lamar looking realllly comfortable in the pocket.
"I know hes a llama, but he's also a GOAT..."
"Normally at this point, I'd start feeling bad for the other team.  
  
But these are the Browns."
Jarvis Landry is just a good football player.
Our pass rush aint shit whew
LETS GO ELLIOT
Browns Hold
MP is hyped the fuck up I love it
JOKERRR
He was such a locker room cancer
"took almost 3 whole quarters to talk about it

i'm impressed"
More like KaREAMED Hunt
Jesus Hunt almost had his head ripped off lol
Pads are popping now baby. Smart plays. Let's go. No penalties.
Honestly I love our team
"it's 4th down, you know they are trying to get you off sides, how do you fall for it!"
"#LEL

#BROWNS"
LOL MAYFIELD
"Nice sack, but Mayfield should have gotten rid of that looong before he hit the grass."
TYUS LETS GOOOOOOOO TAKE HIS LUNCH MONEY
Big oof
Browns gonna Brown.
Doo Doo Browns
This is so good
"SORRY MAYFIELD, MARIO AIN'T SAVING YOU FROM BOWSER!!!"
Does anybofy know how I can watch this game? Apparantly I can't on Hulu
That's the 2nd dick catch by Mandrews
Bro we had to stay down for this team fr
Night and day without Yanda. We gotta gel before KC to run effectively.
"Batting an int out if the safety's hands lol.

That's a classic browns gfy"
"Bad idea to throw that, but meh."
oh boy that was dangerous
Not sure what Lamar was throwing at there
Lamar I’m calling
Stop right now
"Little stuff like that, I’d like to see Lamar grow on, but meh. Didn’t cost us."
Whoa Lamar let’s just chill now you’re acting like Baker on that play
LJ trying the arm punt out
woof lamar I love and hate that. Bad decision but I love the fact that he's trying that hard to score again
Fumble lol
Browns gonna Brown
LETS GO!!!
"i'm so happy that the turnover didn't even get me excited, just one long high all game"
More TDs
queen!!
LETS GO!
"Gotta feel bad for that Browns o-lineman, getting Chubbs knee right in his back. Just ouch"
"I think if you sync them up side by side he's not down. 

I don't know why they don't show that stuff live."
"I'm gonna go  ahead and say I was wrong about Queen, he's been pretty excellent so far after the first couple of plays. Forcing a fumble vs. Chubb is vet-level play."
"Gentlemen, what a pleasure this season will be."
I like the ravens.
lamar almost TD! what acceleration
Dobbins for two! LFG
Jk starting week 4
It’s RG3 time 😎
I hope Proche gets some snaps
"This is how you come back from that loss! 
What a statement"
Tick tock motherfuckers
Elliot has been delivering some serious punishment today
"Okay, garbage time is gonna be awesome without fans. You can hear these guys just having fun out there now."
Elliott and Clark looking pretty good back there
GREAT STOP
Why does Google need ads?
Was the Dunkin’ Donuts deal for a free medium iced coffee on ravens game day with the app?
Let's get it
"Lamar still out 😂 

love this shit"
"Marquise ""Hollywood"" Brown today: 

5/6, 101 yds, 20.2 avg"
Why
lol week 1 has been great for a few years now. Also whenever we play Miami.
Where are these deep shots we wanted to take this year?
What was the flag on Cox?
Ferguson is very active
What a nice play by Chuck on that. Faked the drop and timed it perfectly
Come on RG3 Show us what you got
They look so surprised every time we blitz lol. Like you gotta expect it at this point
THE BUS
gus BUS
GUS!!!!
That doinked PAT really tripped them up
love the odell shot
"Perfect opening game boys, so happy to see what our boys have been working on"
Gg boys. Let’s keep it rolling in Houston
Foh with that blonde ass hair
Bitter you and me both. Sad thing is the Jets can't stop a nose bleed up there. I bet he wishes he stayed.
Let duvernay field everything. Proche is a joke
Lamar Jackson
Crowd noise sounds so fake
Where the hell is Hollywood?
Doink
Weird off season. Give our D some time.
"Lots of time for our D to adjust, but they're looking disorganized. Talented but lost/sloppy."
Get the 1st damn it!
"DEEP BALL, wow what a play let’s go"
[deleted]
????
Starting to shut down the run but letting too many of these big pass plays
Mandrews is legitimately underrated in the league. Who are you taking over him? He's like a Kelce clone but younger
Browns Special Teams Coach is not having a good time right now
#Yesss Willie 🙌🙌🙌
Bro I was just so happy and you hit me with this
Mo :(
we need more pass rush
Let’s see RG3
Yea Ingram is gonna get fazed out
Very little Gus the bus today
The new D line is largely underwhelming.
Defense looks like dogshit
Lamar throwing away I wanted to see. show maturation as a passer and try to make the passing play. Would love 7 but points is points
I miss the purple jerseys.  Guys: We're home!   Wear our colors please!
Why are we playing 15 yards off Nick Chubb?
Calais Campbell was definitely worth that 5th lol
Dangerous as hell but that’s a TD if Ingram makes that catch
The browns d line is really good though
is queen even on the field?
Defense gotta tighten up
DUVERNAY POPPIN OFF
Shit that's a huge momentum shift
"&#x200B;

Thanks Patrick Ricard 🙄🙄"
If I don’t see someone absolutely destroy Mayfield soon....
Fuck Judon
Fuck Judon
PxP - LOL - delay of game.
What a perfect punt. I don’t blame him for waving that off
99 yard drive has to be a record.
Thank goodness for Justin Tucker.
"Of course, a 3rd down stop and a dumb penalty."
"I am already a huge Queen fan

he just goes 100mph and obliterates people"
You think we'll see starters get benched?
Defensive player of the game: LJ Fort
"I'm so sick of having to stream games in shit streams. It's 2020, how the fuck do they not simulcast streams. They'd make more revenue. 

I don't want cable, I will gladly pay $100 to just log into nfl streams to watch and not have to VPN"
"Washington made a big forth down stop, 24-17 with 4:30 to go in the forth. In FG Range. Chase Young has been playing well."
Ugh that did not have to be so difficult
Washington strip sacks Carson!!!! Washington is going to win this game!!!
#Browns fans already calling for lamar to tear an acl
"i need John to not sit Jackson or at least let him score 1 more TD, need them fantasy points"
"dang RG3 is in, there goes my fantasy points from Jackson"
20 minutes
Geno stone inactive thats my hometown boy 😭
So hyped for the commercials
Is there anyway I can stream the game from Reddit?
Any site to stream the game? Stationed in Chicago so can't watch on TV and r/nflstreams got banned.
Not a great start allowing that there.
Lor midget boy boutta throw a pick 6
Any sites i can stream the game? Im out of market
lets get a stop pls
That's a run stuff!
Wake up D!
Harrison is starting
That’s a lot a white jersey
You guys don’t know where I can stream the game for free I’m over here on the west side
Thats much better to see.
thereeeeee ya go
Mammoth!
great bat down campbell!
BOOOOOY
3RD DOWN
DEEEEfense!
"Remember, the Browns are built to beat the Ravens, Steelers, and Bengals, while the Ravens are built to beat anyone.  This could be closer than expected."
That ball got smacked
Campbell with a tackle and a blocked pass!
"Even canned, the band sounds great."
Swarmed
any streams that work?
[deleted]
Anyone got a stewam
Hope that didn’t hit the dirt
Calais looking good!
CAMPBELL LETS GOOOOOOO
Oh that was definitely good even on the replay!  Nice teamwork!
yeeeeeeeeee boys!
Too bad they have to rush to commercial and can’t show another angle
Baker 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Very first defensive series and like 3 or 4 of our big-name guys showed up. You love to see it.
anywhere to watch the game??
5th rounder btw
hey guys ya know baker mayfield is no aaron rodgers.
GET FUCKED BAKER
Offense looking like last year so far!
[deleted]
gus edwards gets in first before Dobbins
Does anyone have a link?
"The most crushing feeling is not being able to watch the game properly bc Australian TV has decreed my game will be NE-MIA :( :( :(   


I belee in our Llama"
A screen working? Holy shit
Duuuuuuvvvv
It’s cool being able to hear the players
DUVERNAY
Llama boutta throw a bomb
"Duvernay to become Baltimore's most loved Du, surpassing Clarence ""Du"" Burns"
DooverNAY
Duuuuuuuuuv!
omg dangerous play lmaoo
duvernay looks shifty as fuck 👀
[deleted]
HA HA HA HA!
Ugh yikes
Yeesh they blew that up
Running game looking a like a mixed bag
Is that Reed?
That was scary
What was that lol
Play-action incoming...?
WHAT A FUCKING CATCH
Damn
How lol
Does that go down as a fumble or lateral? lol
OH MY! MANDREWS!!!!!!!!!!
Right where we left off
MANDREWS ALL DAY
Nice drive.  Exactly the kind of mix we want to see.
Lamar is wild lmao.
MAndrews!!!  #1
Ok that was almost a bitch but yayyyyyy
INJECT IT INTO MY VEINS
MANDREWS
HOLY SHIT
Steps lost:  0
Holy fuck
# MARK ANDREWS
HOLY FUCK ANDREWS LFG
Mandrews!
Anyone else can't get the game going on GamePass International?
Andrews with the catch!!
Lamar's braids looking good too!
Saved by the butt
O yeah I’m ready to be fucked already!
Fuck da Browns
"Damn first few plays I was like, did Stefanski make the Browns good, are we gonna lose? But nah we’re gonna steamroll these saps"
"Goddammit, I saw that too. Decent chance this is overturned.

That was a bunny. Lamar does need to work on settling down at the start of big games."
Lets go for the throat and get a second INT
Browns fans salty on the Lamar pitch to Ingram saying it was forward lol
"That was a tight spiral, makes me tingly"
Do we have a discord server?
"i just like our front seven run attack so much more than last year. obvi we don't want to win the week 1 championship, but i'm encouraged by the changes made."
This team is fucking stacked
Where are you guys streaming the game. Sports surge is slow af right now
i missed young
"Bad throw, great breakup by Tavon."
"Proche back there, stoked"
Bakers throwing motion is garbage.
Dumb fucks
LOLOLOL WHAT A TERRIBLE CALL.
NO WAY!!!
LFG
HAHHAHAHHA desperate already
Lmfao Baker boutta have more commercials than wins this year again
LMFAOOO THEY FAKED IT AND LOST!!
keep dancing Baker you fuckin idiot
Lmao
"Lol, BROWNS! xD"
So good to see Young
"I could tell that guy was going to run, and clearly so could our D"
"Let's go, defense!!!"
Wow browns are terrible!
"Boy, that was stupid."
Get off the field!
GET REKT
He thinks he’s Harbaugh. How cute
Browns are so stupid!!!!!
Browns gonna brown
That’s the browns I know and love
The Browns are still the Browns lol
GET FUCKED!
LMFAOOOOO
You love to see it
Browns lmfao
Hahahaha what did you think was going to happen
IDIOTS😂😂😂
Fucking love Tavon
Im behind so im not reading your comments but I'm in your head guys
browns are a meme lmao
OOOOO how I've missed football **💖💖**
Browns gonna Brown
Lmaaaaaaao oh lort
Classic Browns lol
Browns gonna Brown
LMFAO that was the most obvious fake. 😂😂😂
Browns gonna brown guys
Yessssz omfg!!!!
LMAOOOO
Hahahahhahahahhahha fucking Browns
Cleveland clowns
LMAO fuck off Stefanski
That was dumb
Let's fucking go **RAVENS**!
OBJ must be full already from all the shit they already eating
Bro that was embarrassing!!! Another photo op!!!
"This morning, my husband informed me that this year, the Browns are actually a little underrated."
big oof on the browns...probably shouldn't have drafted landry for fantasy
Poverty franchise lmfao
Did Brown give up there?
Uhhh. Is anybody else in the Baltimore area only getting this with Spanish commentary?
browns...are gonna do browns things
First juke of the year!
Woooooow that play call
hello mekari you beautiful man. i've missed you.
Lamar enjoying the contact today.
cmon Oline
Still no punts
"Mark's bad cut on first down screwed us a bit there, but I'll take us being up by two possessions."
Should've done our own fake kick lol
Money
Im so excited!! Lets go Ravens!!
" I broke my arm on friday. I can't eat these pistachios I got for the game with one hand for shit, it sucks."
I made a joke about how the Browns look like an XFL team and now I miss my DC Defenders :(
just like a young leveon in there. chubb is so good.
Oof
Where's the contain on the edge?
Garrett looks scary and their defense is solid.
Thought there was a hold.
Looks like Queen got caught in the scramble
D line still isn't there
damn chubb
I forgot how good Chubb is as a running back.
omfg
Harrison way out of position on that run
Chubb gashing the defesnse.
I really hated that run.  Somebody needs to do a better job on backside contain.
Damn that Hunt run was nice
Are you fucking kidding me
Gotta clean this up for sure
pounding his chest to cardboard cut outs lollllllll we never said they were smart.
Brown's o-line is solid.
Jaylon Ferguson is getting eaten every play
Let's fucking go!
A better way to follow the post https://www.reddit-stream.com/r/ravens/comments/is1gv9/9132020_week_1_game_thread_cleveland_browns_at/
Ball was loose
Sssssttttuuuuufffttd
LETS GO DEFENSE
Gg browns
Lmaooo what a weak kick
Looool
lmao
Baker with the faker.
Still no punts
"Both defense and offense look rusty, tbh. Only special teams looks 100%."
Defense clearly didn’t jell yet.
Lol Siebert
"Defense needs to communicate better, lead to the long Chubb Run because Campbell wasn’t set"
"I don’t know, this is pretty shitty field position us...!"
"Forgot how to stop the run there, Harrison misplayed that long Chubb run so bad on the edge"
Hollywood
i like duvernay
HOLLYWOOOOOOOD!
HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOD!!!
Duverney is showing me something early!
HOLLYWOOD!!!!
Excellent pass 😩👌
Bombs away!
BOOM
HOLLYWOOD!!!!
HOLLYWOOD!
"Holy hell, we finally have a good kick returner"
Hollywood holy fuck. I love the sight of that.
MVP
HOLLYWOOD
"I've always wondered how that works. When you have the ball out is it not considered forward progress until you're ""down?"" When are you considered down? When you step out or when the ball crosses the sideline?"
"I never worry about these 3rd down situations anymore because I know we have 2 plays to get a yard , and well, good luck stopping that defenses."
Fuck
A healthy Hollywood is a scary man!!!
damn
Damn ricard
Fuck.
Fuck man
HEart just hurts
Pat are you fucking kidding me
Lol wow
Why... even have that formation? Make it so obviously a run up the gut?
Yea no preseason is showing we look RUSTY
Even Ricard was surprised by that.
"What happened? I just flipped back from
The Eagles game and the browns have the ball."
Fuck!
And that's why trying to get your converted DT more involved in teh offense is a bad fucking idea
What the fuckkk
Feel bad for Project Pat. That was not good.
FUCK
Thats killer man
Got fancy
Get a good grip first fuck
OBJ has been real silent today
All I ask is to get out with a win and no injuries it’s week 1 we will look better soon
Mayfield has all day damn
Oof really worried about our run d
"Shit play call but that was god awful play design too against how that dline was stacked up . Didn’t matter if it was ricard or anyone else, you can’t expect to hang onto the ball when you have half a second to secure it."
Holy fuck that whiff
"god fucking damn it, why Ricard whyyy"
Landry’s good. Odell is trash lmao
fuck no landry
the announcers want the browns to be good so bad. they sound low key disappointed every time they fail.
You can't call yourself the MONSTARS & get gashed
They targeted Elliot on that one
Judon is frustrating. Dude should be better or am I overreacting? Ugh
Someone needs to step up on the inside sooner or later
Good couple stops
First flag of the game?
Everytime I see Jihad ward out there the run d looks better
Well damn
cmonn judon
Can someone do a play by play
Are you kidding me?
Wtf Judon
Anybody have a link to watch the game? Outta market in TN
Well worth the money judon
He knows better.  C'mon Judon.  QB gets that call every time.
Smh Judon
Dog House please
PxP - false start CLE.
NO HUMPHREY!!!
Is it me or did I look like marlon was hit in the junk
We need Marlo
that one is going to hurt
PxP - screen for 1 by CLE. Flag. Face mask CLE.
Judon. 😂
What's even happening right now...
Calling offensive face mask? Wow
Oh Chuck you should have had that!!!
Dammit you gotta hold onto it
Damn
So close
WHAT THE FUCK
Browns are going the right direction what you mean.
"&#x200B;

Chuck Clark :("
Layup pick there
"CLARK

NOOOOO"
Good job boys
Clark wtf
Cmon man hold onto the damn ball
What did Judon do? Cant watch the game. I only get the comments on this thread
Damn wish that would have floated to Peters instead
We are just bantering at this point lmao
PxP - Deep sack by McPhee for 6 (edit - maybe P Queen)
Beckham's half-hearted attempt to swat that ball was lol
"You know for a guy who runs his mouth, Odell sure is a non-factor on this offense"
Stefanski looks like Brad Stevens and I fucking hate it
QUEEN
CHUCK NOOOOOOOO
Yesss always nice to see mayfield get sacked
Lol its only like 3rd and 36
OBJ on the field?
Harrison making a great play in man coverage.
goota hold on to those Chuck
Great play harrison. Unfortunately Clark is afraid of getting tackled lol
Nice tip by Malik but why did Wink put him on Beckham?
Let's go queen
Everybody is rusty. Jesus.
What the fuck Chuck? Cmon
Lmao!!!
3rd and 40
Nice!
McPhee still out here making plays. Respect
Was scared that was a horse collar
SACK
lol browns
3rd & 41 lmao
PxP - throw away on 3rd and 41
Fucking hell. c'mon. Gotta make those place.
"3rd and 41.

OK..."
"Try the fake again, Cleveland."
Well that drive ended nicely
"PxP - good punt, bad no field. Get it down at 1"
Watch for the fake
Brain fart
Had to change a diaper what happened to marlo
Is that a permed mullet?
Any live streams?
Can't you block the fielder on those?
"Very bad decision, Proche."
"Wtf, why would he leave it that far out?! Jesus"
 Marlon Humphrey (shoulder) is questionable to return :(
It’s easy to get caught up in a play by play basis but I think overall we aren’t playing that terribly. I’m not calling for any heads yet.
PxP - 2 yard run on 1st and 10 from the 1
"Lack of preseason is really showing.

Chuck with the easy dropped pick.

Proche with an absurd choice to not field the punt.

Pat with a bad fumble on a worse play call on 3rd and inches."
Ricard Redemption!
Air we go pat
Anyone else thinking baker is looking really awful. Missing receivers all over (although we’ve been in position to make plays he’s just putting balls out of anyone’s catch radius)
This is expected. We had no preseason. We’ll figure it out. We’re obviously the better team. Offense is moving the ball and will continue to. Just need to give the defense rest
That was slickkkk
Boykin sighting!!
that's just an MVP we have right there friends.
I know the Jets are fucking putrid but god damn. Letting buffalo put up 20 on you already?
There you go project pat
that was dope.
i like that boy(kin)
Hollywood!!!!
god i love lamar
"Thank god he held onto it, looked kinda shaky on that catch"
Lamar just doing MVP things
offense moving well
big boi boykin
Offense is looking great
big man Ricard fighting out there
Beautiful sidearm on the run
Scorching down the field
Lmao that Gus Edwards thing turned out OK
Making it look easy
The is the offensive I like to see
Hell of a play by Lamar and Boykin!
Llama out here just having a good time.
PxP - Dobbins gets 5
We're marching down the field and gonna get in back at the half. Love it.
Nice back to back run!
Are... are the BALTIMORE RAVENS actually throwing to set up the pass??????
Roll with the hot hand!
Did they ever pan to section 146?
Yesss willie 👏👏👏
Brown is playing more aggressively. I love it
Forgot about Willie Sneed
"Early days, but Dobbins looks way quicker than Ingram."
"Hell yeah now give it to ricard 

/S"
SNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAD
PxP - Jackson on a great quick pass to Snead for 20ish. Inside the 5
"What a good fucking drive, looking like normal again"
Willie Snead inside the 5!!
SNEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAD
NO FUMBLE THIS TIME
Remember what snead said about the browns 😭
Hollywood’s route running is disgustingly good
JK
The first of his career
Dobby!
Yessir
BIG BOI STAND UP!
Brown looking sexy too
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
LET'S GO! And they were backed up in their own end zone :P
PxP - 3 yard run by dobbins for TD
Such a good rest for defense too
Nice work!
Is JK the guy already? Holy shit
lessgo go jk!
Showin the clowns how to actually get the field goal lol
LETS GO DOBBINS!
"I’m thinking stop, another TD, then get the ball back"
Dobbin’s hammys 😳
Love these ROOKIE PLAYS!!!!!
Poetry in motion
PxP - loss of 1 on run from hunt.
God Damn it
"go up for it, young"
PxP - Short pass time hunt. Missed tackle leads to 8
"""GOOD SHIT B"""
How are Jacksonville and Indianapolis tied?
let's stiffen up and hold them to a FG
"41 seconds and 2 timeouts, thanks browns"
Beckham forgot to wipe the shit off his hands! Slippery!
He's no Tucker that's for sure lol
PxP - FG. Waaaaaaaaay off. WAAAAAAAY WIDE RIGHT
Try to get a fg harbs!!
Lol wow
LOLSeibert
🙏🏽
LMAOO
This man is having a hell of a season so far lol
LOOOOOOOOL
Shankapotamus
Hahahaha Browns going to Brown
How can i watch the game
"OBJ, dropped the ball, was thinking about getting shit on."
Oh Cleveland
Lamar is lookin GOOD out there
Hahaha
Lmao Browns Brown.
Fackin' clowns. Hahahahahaha!
"@ravenstream_ on Instagram, for those who can’t  watch it cause where your from. It’s better than nothing."
That was hilarious!!!
Smh I thought we were done with these damn commercials
Let’s get some points and we get the ball coming out the half! Time to step on these losers
This playcalling is terrific so far!
Out of bounds but still nice throw
"Lamar to Marquise

I love it long time"
Llama to Hollywood looking good...
Lamar is putting on a fuckin clinic right now
Hollywood looking like a wr 1 🔥
Lamar looks even better than last year
This offense is awesome
Hollywood almost got a 100
All of our receivers have looked so incredibly wide open on these last couple drives.
Hollywood already with 100 yards.
PxP - 15 s left after Jackson pass (after scrambling from decent pocket.
"Love it.  Lamar could have just tucked it and run twice in a row but was patient, moved and made a pass."
Wtf Lamar lmao
"Imagine being born in an Era where you could witness Tom Brady, Lionel Messi and Lamar Jackson all at once"
Just kick it
PxP - inc w 9 left. Boykin couldn’t get a hard catch  for TD. Not great route running.
2 for mandrews holy shit
LMAO NVM
Yeehaww
FINISH HIM
CLINIC
M A N D R E W S
**TD Ravens!!**
MARK ANDREWS!!!!!!
LETS GOOOOO!!!!!!
YES
Booyakasha
MVP
Fuck. Yeah!
MANDREWSS!!!!
MANDREWS BABY
IM SO HAPPY.
MVP
PxP - Pat good.
Wait a minute! Is Campbell on the field goal team!?
TOUCHDOWN RAVENS
69 yards? Nice
That was a really pretty arch over those defenders
"Goddamn, that was a PERFECT drive!

For real for real, that was some Brady shit."
Is Denzel Ward playing?
"With a lead lime this, look for Duvernay and Dobbins In the second half"
Let’s get a few more and really take these fuckers hope away
right where we left off
Cleveland has a great special teams! Lmfao
Anyone having problem on Sunday ticket with the game now being blacked out second half
The 10 dollar tastemaker tho?
Football gods decided they wanted to see the Ravens defense
Stanley is the second worst injury we could have imo.
THANK GOD HUMPHREY IS BACK!!!
I sense an INT.
gonna bail them out?
Oof
Fuck
I love seeing Odell be absolutely garbage every time we play him
Boooo bad call
"Regardless of the penalty, Marlon looks incredible"
PxP - deep but flag toward OBJ/Humph.
hump gives and takes away. he playsike that every down
Come the fuck on dude
HUMPH! Cmon mannnnnn
Goddamnit Humph enough of those!
PxP - PI on Humph
"Well, if he didn't hold it was probably a touchdown"
"Penalty was there, fair call.

Edit: the first one, not the second."
Thats just bad play by marlon. Hes always handsy sonitd expected but man
It's a surprise we're this much ahead with this defense playing how they are and shooting themselves in the foot
"Defending OBJ, flag."
Is this football or soccer?
Only the Browns could have that chart with a #1 draft pick
Can we stop gifting them yards with these penalties?
"Alright, alright. We got the flags out our system now let's play some ball"
Pass coverage has been pretty damn tight.
"Good shit, Tyus"
love that we're containing chubb this time. all right let the jokes come in
PxP - big rush. Mayfield scrambles. Flag after inc.
Hoe lee fuk
What the fuck with these penaltys on 3rd down
Ok they can gtfo with the penalties now. Playing sloppy
Unreal if this is against us
Come on....
ok thats the first Holding/dpi penalty called on us that was actually worthy of being called
PxP - mayfield 9 yard to OBJ 9 on scramble
Lol hodge just ran into him the whole way I guess defender doesn't get his field anymore.
How long are they gonna keep them in the game for
Can we get off the fucking field?!
Let's burn clock.
Refs doing everything they can to keep baker on the field
"That was a hold too, we've gotta play more disciplined!"
Defense needs to work on fundamentals EXPEDITIOUSLY
Yo what’s up with the flags?? It can’t just be the defense
lol okay odell. don't complain to the refs they're ur friends.
Ravens db’s just marching them down the field for free
uh. that looked good that was some bs
Bruh why are the refs helping the browns
chuck with the big brain push
just a dumb play by a guy who's supposed to be the best doing it.
...uh how was that not a catch??/?
No flags!!
Meanwhile there was a BLATANT hold here by the Browns
Genuine question: how would you reestablish?
guys fired up
Juiceman almost had it
Peters...Nicee
"My man, Peters!"
Juiceman is DA MAN!
"Damn, I wanted him to fake it again lol"
Attago Marcus what a play. Way to stop the bleeding
Damn the flags are getting out of hand
"On that mfs ASS. Get out of here, bum"
These refs are irritating...
JUICEMANNNNNN
Lmao you can hear Marlon scream at that pbu
More flags
Cut these flags out
LOLZ
Thanks Browns!
On them good job
"Honestly how do you fix the browns? If you became the owner tomorrow, what do you do?"
>Ravens LT Ronnie Stanley (ankle) is questionable to return. D.J. Fluker has replaced him. - @jamisonhensley
"Instagram Live, @Ravenstream_ for those who have no other option, since the play by play guy has something to do."
No not Stanley
Oh nooooooooo!
Noooo Stanley hurt. No good.
Nooo we need stanley
FUCKK RONNIE STANLEY
"What just happened, noob here! Face mask foul???"
Grab this first down please sirs
Need to get back to running
Fuck
Ronnie Stanley out with an Ankle Injury
I can already tell Stanley is out based on these last few plays
O-Line is looking worse already.
You really can already notice the difference in the o line rn without him
run game isn’t working but Lamar is still throwing well???? can’t believe it /s
How long till we need to pay mandrews?
I forgot about sneed!!!!!
Good lord
I love BB
That subway commercial was filmed in the town I live in
If we stall them out yo..
Bro what was it that people say ball looked a little wobbly baker
Marlon out again?
Nah our corners playing a lil aggressive
I love the hype Peters brings to the defense.
Browns run the ball on 1st and 20 lmaoo
He spill shit
Yooo
BRINGING THE LUMBER
i'm sick of these zone throws we are allowing
Bring in’ the lumbar is one way to put that!
Is Bowser finally showing something!?
There it is
"Man the players really love the Joker, they’re so hype everytime Elliot make a play!"
I'm tryna see Malik Harrison take Hunts head off
Geez let's just shut then down!
Did Juson swing & miss a clean sack of BM?
Can we guard their tight end?
Why are we dropping Judon in coverage
gotta get off on 3rd down. shit is ridiculous
swallowed hunt second he caught it
It’s that cornerback blitz right? Not covering that well...
Is Judon playing?
Baker da Faker
I’ll deal with the pass rush
Time to run run run
Fuck off the field shit stains
God DAMNIT you can NOT take that penalty.
S
King Koopa!
Bowser finally cleaning up! He's gotten back there a few times
The ferocity of Bowser's attack there was awesome to watch
LETS GOOO
Lotta bad games today
Heads haging on the browns side
Bro Andrews does it every time
Browns fans calling for Keenum now.
"G Ro is doing an excellent job getting everyone involved, hats off to him"
Lamar has just absolutely dissected them
LETS GO!!!
Damn
LAMO that Lamar fake
Boyle is playing like a boil
I like how aggressive our corners are playing
I’ll take the calls
[deleted]
"Ok but these refs tho
😐"
Looked like a Browns player touched it after it bounced.
"20 is a dumbass

easily would have been picked by guy behind him"
Let's get some pass protection going next series :)
Koched that one
FUMBLEEEEEE
LETS FUCKING GOOO
HOOOOOO
😂😂😂😂
LFG
Poor Mitch looks abysmal.
Lol I love it.
jc with the assist
Honestly I can't even really see the ball come out. If this gets reversed I wouldn't be too pissed about it.
RGIII time?
Ok LJ
"You know what I haven't seen today?  That Jackson to Ingram maybe it's a handoff maybe it's a keeper and sometimes you have no idea which even watching on TV, much less the players on the field."
Fort & Queen baby
Wonder what we need to do on run blocking to help Ingram see some room
A b s o l u t e E a s e
JK DOBBINS!
Beating the hell outta those boys
Gotta get down Lamar. Woo
[deleted]
RG3 going to get a TD
"Ravens are too good. Not even fun to watch. 

Who am I kidding? FUCK THE BROWNS!"
"Bro, are you really showing me a Mahomes commercial? 

Hey maybe theres another guy we could talk about?"
Is austin hooper injured???
Hunt looking like alex collins
Man I cant stop laughing lmaoo browns
Here come RG3
"so many quick sacks, cmon line"
This not really not burn for them
Gapp'd em' today boys. *gg*
Any updates on Stanley I’m working right and haven’t been able to watch the game
Campell looking strong man
RG3 time babayyyy
Two-tone OBJ
I’m sorry u/orangeforeign yeesh
We did it bois!!
I’m not sure our run D has improved.
"For those that care, Hurst has done almost nothing today."
@people saying our edge defense is fine and we don’t need clowney... wya?
"Ingram is looking slow, JK is a beast so far"
Come on harbs. You don’t need starters in here to finish this. They don’t need more practice against these clowns.
WTF. Lamar cannot take free fucking shots.
Lol 4th and 9 and your fucking offsides
Wtf Lamar?
Anyone have a stream link? Just realizing nfl streams got banned
Let's get Hollywood invoved.
Lesss goooo
They gonna rob us this one.
anyone have any free stream links for the game? I can't find anything.
What was Cambell doing on that one?
Goddamn we look weak af on this drive
"Guys first game, we a bit rusty."
I always forget extra points are something other teams have to worry about lmao
Could have lowered the shoulder to get it but gus can punch it through.
"Ahh welcome new bandwagon fans, chill the fuck out."
I can’t find a link that works without signing up....anyone here who is out of area successful with one yet?
PxP - ravens drop a pick on 1st and 29. Tip and chuck Clark dropped it despite 2 hands.
Malik is looking good
I was not a big fan of the Dobbins pick but I will admit I was wrong. He will be a great RB...love his vision and burst.
Seibert is officially one of my favorite players now. Good god.
Siebert is so bad
Browns just keep being browns
Schiebert is a champ. Missing out on 4 points now
welp Browns gonna Brown
smh i don't like that start
Come on guys
PxP - mayfield low to OBJ. Inc. Humph was in there. (Maybe Peters)
PxP - flag is holding on humph.
WTF REFS 😡😡😡
Humphrey if you could stop marching them down the field that would be nice.
"Ref ball, soft ass penalties. So many teams hold constantly and get no calls"
Nobody gets that we had to go through the disgusting stewage of 3 years having to drain the gunk of retiring players and nobody and getting joe flacco the fuck out of Baltimore I hated those times and even thought about switching I ain’t going lie but my boy Lamar came in and changed everything he the truth and the the way the front office sculpted the team around him is so telling that they trust the gladiator the nfl gods sent to us so many teams skipped over this man so many teams doubted this man and still doubt him but through wins and loses I’ll forever stick with him man
"The browns are going to win the division. Baker is the real deal. They have a beast backfield. Lamar can’t throw. The ravens are overrated and can’t win a playoff game....


JK YOU FRIGGIN MORON


LETS GO RAVENS"
"The real (non-PR) RB depth chart: Dobbins / Ingram II / Gus The Bus /  Justice. Honestly, Ingram has not looked impressive, let alone explosive, at all today. Age may finally be catching up with him, albeit I sure hope not."
PLEASE bench Lamar
"Washington has made it a two score game, 27-17 with 3:25 in the forth remaining. Sorry but I hate Philly as much as I hate Pitts."
Oline has to be better. Why is DJ fluker not starting?
Run defense still weak I see smh
Defense did not get better during the off-season it seems. Of course right after I type type that there is a pass deflection and then a sack...
[deleted]
PxP - return on punt to 35
I’m done with this team. 30 plus years of embarrassment. Obj is not the right fit. Baker is mediocre. But to be blown out in 2 straight openers!!!!!! Just cancel this team!!!
I thought the dbs were the strenght of this defence?
Can we sign a veteran safety like Earl Thomas
Maybe uh.... maybe we should’ve signed clowney
Defense looks like complete SHIT
Did Chubb get faster?
Queen looks terrible
Baker Mayfield is a poor man’s Joe Flacco.
We’re lucky that didn’t end in a touchdown
Fucking midget can’t even get the ball over the LoS
Anyone have a decent quality stream sight??
That little run out of bounds made me happy lol. First year Lamar tries to fucking spin past 9 people there
Stream?
Marlon Humphrey showing up on a lot of plays.
omg chuck almost
Dammit that was a great kick
PxP - Brown catches on a comeback but moving the wrong way. Only got a few.
Who's 49 who tripped?
Classic browns
odell dropped the ball??? how could he...
lol chuck
Cleveland gonna Cleveland
PxP - Sackson on 3rd.
PxP - Chubb for 3. Good tackle by Queen. Good sign for him.
Bruh
PxP - OBJ was our before pass so no catch.
PxP - flag on return. Probably block in the back on gunner
Next TD players need to go down and kiss the MO letters
?
"First truly awful pass that Lamar has thrown today.

He should've used his legs more on that play rather than tried to make that throw."
Time to watch Cam. 14-11 6 mins left.
Surprised we didn't run more tbh but whatever.
HUZZAH!!! 1-0
I guess Judon was supposed to just fucking levitate over Mayfield
Ummm players are up on each other with helmets off. Remember there is still Covid out there!!
Id rather have Earl over Judon sometimes bro
Come tf on boykin
"damn the browns suck!

but some OBJ garbage time for my fantasy team would be nice 👀"
LOL no discipline
Fuck
I bet the browns kiss girls than they kiss boys than they kiss girls again
"I feel like during the pregame huddle Harbaugh says

""Alright, Special teams, be ready to completely screw up at a pivotal time as usual... Ok lets Go!"""
"fuck a shoulder and humphrey checked out of the game, fuck the browns."
We looking like that Dean pees era Defense
Typical stupid ravens play.
Good win. Now if no one get's coronavirus we should be good for a first round playoff exit.
"can yall just stop man i just wanna see a winning browns team man. 

ouch :("
Mahomes is about to light this defense up like a Christmas tree week 3
i officially do not like campbell
[removed]
[removed]
""
"Insta or FB has a post yesterday with Poe taking a selfie in it. You can see the edge of the nest behind him.  I’ll see if I can find it.


[I was like, what the hell is that](https://imgur.com/a/LiO9aXm)"
They look like sticks but they're actually the bones of our enemies.
Lmao this is absurd
I love it!
Is Poe wearing a backwards snapback..? lmao
"Frosted Flakes built Poe a huge nest platform next to the Mo's Rows, I wouldn't be upset if they made this permanent somewhere in the stadium once the fans are back"
It's hideous. I love it.
some big ass cigarettes
ngl I thought they were french fries
[smoke](https://images.app.goo.gl/cZxJHc3rqqwGMuQG9)
Biscotti’s kid got real stoned and pitched this idea to his dad.
Queen already way better than peanut
Why it look like Poe's drowning in Xanny bars 🤣
[removed]
Legit...no.
Nflbite
I’m in NC & I need that same info please
Sunday ticket has a 1 week free triel
If you have roku and a legit TV provider sign-in you can use the CBS sports roku app
I’ll dm you
crackstreams.com HD works great.
