text
"*High Thoughts 
*Serious Shit Post

Who would have better stats, Christian McCaffery in the Joe Flacco Regime, or John Riggins in the Lamar Jackson Regime???"
Wow this is actually an amazing question id have to say riggins but joe post injuries was just checking it down all day
Riggins. Riggins played before modern training and nutrition and ran a 4.43 at 230. Would be playing at 250 now. Him on a power option would obliterate defenses
"I'd have to go with Riggins with Jackson. McCaffrey is an amazing running back and I think Flacco would have had a field day with him,  but at the end of the day Riggins is a Hall of Famer who was nicknamed the freaking Diesel. So add a Hall of Fame RB with the most effective running QB in NFL history and I really don't think it's that close. Especially if Riggins was put through today's conditioning/ nutrition programs.

Also,  here's some John Riggins' highlights for your Friday afternoon
https://youtu.be/nKIf-9fAm8A"
""
"Not a Ravens fan, just stopped by to say that Ogden was a badass."
"""We should call the Pro Bowl the Jonathan Ogden Invitational"" - John Madden"
GOAT
The first Raven.
"Best story I’ve ever heard about JO: 

Dude was incredibly frugal. Didn’t buy a fancy car, wore flip flops 90% of the time and owned just one suit for gameday because why bother with multiple? 

Anyway he also NEVER picked up the check when the o linemen went to eat. 

So it’s Super Bowl week, the linemen go out and JO gets into the spirt of it and says “you know what guys, the meal is on me” 

Shocked the rest of the team starts to make fun of JO and play around how “they’d never expect this” and just be good natured but still rub his cheapskate nature in. 

Bill shows up and JO pays his share then asks everyone else to chip in. 

The o linemen question why they had to considering he promised to pick up the check. 

His response? 

“That was before y’all made fun of me.” 

After that nobody ever said a word about JO’s penny-pinching ways and just said thank you when he did pick up the bill."
"Happy Bday to our first ever draft pick!!

And man, what a draft pick for us, huh?

Him and Ray being our first two really set the throne for what this organization is about."
"Watching this guy live was as entertaining as watching any skill player to me, I’d watch him dominate play after play after play"
"Ate pizza with him once, chill dude"
God he is just a mountain of a man.
I remember trying on his helmet when I was a kid his head was so big
Wow! Jonathan Ogden is only 46?!
Saw him at a bar called North Star Tavern in Reisterstown. Now closed but they had outdoor volleyball and my friend asked him to play. He was on his Bluetooth and said “volleyball? Nah.” Lol. Seemed like a cool guy though. Absolute monster of a man. Happy birthday big guy!
"Let's put it this way. Jonathan Ogden's 2007 season is tied for the [*single highest grade ever recorded*](https://www.pff.com/news/pro-nfl-100-cris-collinsworths-team-of-the-pff-era) with 2018 Aaron Donald, and that's about as far back in time as PFF's grades go.

2007 was also Ogden's injury riddled, ""yep he's officially washed"" year. If the old, broken of version of him was not just great but apparently transcendent...damn, just imagine him in his prime."
🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Willie roaf and Ogden are my two favorite left tackles ever easily!
His generations Munoz.  Can’t think of a higher compliment.  He just toyed with guys.
Absolute Beast. Loved growing up in Section 132 watching the entire O-Line warm up every game. These guys are just as bit athletic if not more than some other position players. JO and Mulitalo would wreck people in the trenches. Zeus Sr too.
Slightly hot take but I still think he's the greatest Raven to ever step on the field. Ray is more iconic and played longer but man JO was just such a beast.
"Athletes retire so young, I did a double-take when I saw his age. Idk why I expected him to be in his 50's."
That man was the best at getting in the way of where other guys wanted to go.  HB 75!
""
"Yikes. This is pretty awful work, that's coming from someone who usually loves The Onion. Like this isn't even a clever kind of funny."
The rare bit of tired humor from them
""
Torrey Smith interviews Steve Smith Sr. : [https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/trending-thoughts-with-torrey-smith/id1504296071](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/trending-thoughts-with-torrey-smith/id1504296071)
"Torrey Smith still is to date my favorite Raven wideout we've drafted, and he's a Terp!"
""
Title made me think they were going to mention Ed.
This is why I argue Reed is a better overall safety than Polamalu. Reed played SS and dominated early in his career.
The fact that he doesn’t get Enforcer in Madden really pisses me off.
""
Lol what happened to the commercials?
wish the Packers knew better...
All hail God DeCosta
Baker’s Dozen Mayfield
I still can’t believe we got this man Dobbins in the second 😭😭
Got any insight on who the picture is?
Made my day
Yo is that ralphie may?
"Baker had like 7 good games in 2018 and he’s the savior of the Browns who’s gonna lead them to the super bowl.

At least he was smart enough to cash out on ads while the gettin’ was good 😂"
@parkcityfan
 The Super bowl V trophy is still in Baltimore
"And sitting in a display case at Camden Yards in the club level.  

It's like the red headed step child of Super Bowl trophies.  But, it's still here.  Even if the record of it sits in Indy."
And a grey cup
aye
"I'll tuck this little tidbit of information in the back of my mind. Once we win 4 more Superbowls and Pittsburgh wins 0, I'm going to bring up this forgotten trophy and let them know we technically have more trophies than they do..."
Champion city
"Idk if this is a hot take anymore, but as someone who was born a decade after the colts left and has watched the ravens for so long, I really could give a shit less about the baltimore colts. Not tryna disrespect what they did or what they meant to people, but for me personally I'm glad they left. The ravens are more successful than the colts ever really were before or after the move and have multiple HOF superstars that someone under the age of 60 can actually recognize. So yeah, they can have that, doesnt mean shit to me. Shouts out johnny u"
We had a glimpse of this in 06 obviously. What are your guys thoughts??
I've always thought of this and I'd say we'd probably be better than the patriots
"If you paired every teams best offense with their best defense they’d most likely win multiple Super Bowls. 

With that being said, if the 2000 Ravens Defense played with the 2019 Ravens offense, we’d win the Super Bowl every year, assuming we stayed healthy. 

We literally had arguably the best Defense and Indisputably best rushing offense in the history of Pro football+best kicker."
Even if our offence was 10% better in 2011 we'd have another Super Bowl. Ugh this hurts to think about again
Probably 2.
"Probably two more. We all know what happened in 2006 but lest not forget the 2001 defense was just as menacing as any other and Grbac absolutely bungled it.Just watch the playoff game against the Steelers

 Plus JLew was out for the year."
It'd literally be us and New England battling for NFL- not just AFC- supremacy for at least a decade.
"All of them, obviously"
I always told my cousins who live in philly that if we had mcnabb then we would have at least 3 more super bowls.
""
Might as well embrace these imo. We’d be making the same memes if the Steelers or browns were in the same situation
"Don't get me wrong, I get it, but it's a bit of a weird choice no? Kawhi is 2X champion and finals MVP."
[removed]
"Just one? Lamar, obviously. Jackson, Mayfield, Allen/Darnold, Allen/Darnold, Rosen, in that order. Lamar is the best of the 5 right now, and has the highest potential."
Thank you TommyBohanon69
"Eh, it's hard to get  upset at obvious trolls"
Seriously? It's obviously Kurt Benkert.
""
I mean they have all the talent to do it so i dont think its delusional to say playoffs are expected. Now if he said super bowl or bust yeah thats delusional but i could see them going 8-8 or 9-7 and getting in the wild card i could also see them being 5-11 so they are in a strange place right now.
"Browns have an interesting season coming up. They went 6-10 despite their OC admitting they didn’t have a game plan (i think someone made a post/comment about this yesterday). Also, 4 of their L’s last year were by 7 points or less. 

I personally don’t expect much development from mayfield but adding Conklin and hooper makes Chubb that much more dangerous."
This is exactly what they said last year
""
Lamar×Ingram×JK good luck defenses! Ingrams such a good pass blocker I think that formation would be brilliant.
"I hear you, but what about- 4 RB SCHEMES!!! ALL 4 OF EM!!!......   No?.......  I'll go back to my corner"
"Doesn't the ""Heisman Package"" formation @ Cincinnati count? After all, there were three Running Backs — I like to call the collective ""LaMaRkG**3**"" — in the backfield for that one! Also, the Ravens did regularly run sets including two RBs during the 2019 season: Lamar Jackson plus Mark Ingram II / Gus Edwards / Justice Hill. Just Kidding (J.K.) on all of this, of course!"
"This would be another huge weapon for us I think I really hope we use it, I feel like the oline is extremely strong and Ingram and jk are really good backs for this type of thing. Plus ya know, we have a cheat code at qb"
"So how would this work? Why would it be an advantage? If it actually ends up being a running play, you lose a lead blocker by not having Ricard on the field. If it’s a passing play, do you have your rbs run two safety valve routes?"
">Two RB formations 

So basically Lamar and the other RB right?"
"I don’t understand the reference to 4 headed dragon, with Lamar it’s literally a 5 headed dragon that shoots fire. Unless we are forgetting about Justice."
This thread is amazing. Man I hope we lace em up this year. I'm sleeping in my Poe jammies.
but lAmAr Is A rUnNnInG bAcK!
"\[Edit: I am specifically referring to NFL only, so I should have specified ""Baltimore NFL Franchises"" in the original title — especially since the primary premise of my post is to point out mathematical facts for use against boastful, braggart PIT fanatics. There are more, if including the Stars & Stallions.\]

6 Pittsburgh championships in 87 seasons (1 every 14.5 years) vs. 2 Ravens championships in 24 seasons (1 every 12 years) or technically 5 **Baltimore** championships over 55 total seasons (1 every 11 years). I too can do math, Steelers fans — except mine makes much more sense!

P.S. Brian Billick, Bill Cowher, John Harbaugh & Mike Tomlin all have  the same amount of rings. Then there is Joe Flacco & his Super Bowl MVP, something ""Big Ben"" has never achieved! Anyone can skew stats /  comparisons whatever way in which they so wish . . ."
"I count ~~8~~ 7.  
5 in the NFL, 1 in the CFL and 1 in the USFL.

http://www.baltimoregridironreport.com/2013/02/12/baltimore-football-championship-history/"
"Lmao *and* we still own the Colts' first Lombardi from Super Bowl V (5).

Suck it, Indianapolis."
"When I bring this up to my friend who's a steelers fan he always tells me I'm such a baby

My guy I only have on response for that and I think yall know what it is"
[removed]
""
"I'm not saying I have ever wanted him on the team, but I have gotten down voted into oblivion because I said this is probably what his suspension would be. The NFL has had a history of giving out more of a lenient suspension to those who had sit out multiple games like AB even if it technically wasn't by choice. Because with everything AB has done his suspension should be longer than eight games however he did sit out almost all of all the last year which the NFL has taken into consideration."
"As a diehard fan who had to work for years to get my sisters and some of my female friends to support the ravens again after the ray rice debacle, signing him would be a colossal mistake. 

forget about the fact that brown is a locker room cancer who destroys chemsitry anywhere he goes. He's a lying, domestic abusing, rapist psycho. i never want to have to root for a guy like that.

we went 14-2 last year with seth roberts as our z reciever. what the hell is the logic in signing one of the worst people in the nfl? Dont tell me its about winning. We can win and have won without guys like this. Lets be human beings first and sports fans second here. Fuck antonio brown forever."
If we don’t sign him someone else will
"I would really rather us not sign him but man, the offense would be so fun to watch if he ever saw the field."
AB is accused of raping his former trainer / bible study partner from college. If it wasn't for all the previous shit he's done I'd give him the benefit of the doubt but the guy is completely unhinged and it's disappointing that so many here want us to sign him.
Fuck it. It’s 2020. Let’s get fucking wild and sign this fucking mad man.
If the Chiefs can have Tyreek Hill and make tendies off of it I don’t see why we can’t have AB
It's hilarious that some people legitimately believe AB would play for the vet minimum.
Get him in in time for training camp EDC
"Minimum salary only paid out for the second half of games, ESP in a season that could have significant and unpredictable covid attrition in addition to injuries? Sign AB. 

If your MVP says he believes the locker room can handle AB, truss 8. 

We have a very unproven wr room also..."
"I'll just jump on say, sign him. Give him the vet minimum and a one year deal. At this point in his career, he doesn't have a lot of leveraging power."
Just in time for the playoff push 😈
He'll make it 16 games before the season starts
Thank god now we don’t have to see the “will AB sign with the Ravens article” we get for awhile.
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Ok now I’m afraid there won’t be any football. If they can’t do it on Baseball how on earth can they do it in a football field?


https://twitter.com/bnicholsonsmith/status/1289196103359803393?s=21

“Nationals, Marlins, Blue Jays, Phillies, Brewers and Cardinals games are all postponed due to COVID-19 tonight. 20% of the league”"
This isn’t looking good... ugh 😩 I miss football so much. I was at the Titans loss in person and it was such a long hard walk home.
"So, my biggest concern going in to next season is our offensive line. If I'm being honest, Lamar makes their job easier with his mobility, but our interior line outside of Yanda who is now retired seems less than dominant.

Can anyone more knowledgeable than me, break down who we drafted on the line this year and how they might compare to the guys we already have?

I appreciate it and, as always, go Ravens!"
"It's a big question mark, nobody has any real idea who will be starting at RG and Bozeman isn't a lock at LG either, plus Skura probably still won't be ready week 1 despite how quickly his recovery is coming along. IOL could limit our productivity to some extent.

That being said, IOL problems are a lot less concerning than OT problems, and we've got those spots locked down. I'm honestly more concerned about depth at OT than I am at OG right now. We released Hurst earlier this offseason and Andre Smith is opting out of this season, so currently we literally have no backup OT with any kind of experience, if either Stanley or Brown have to miss time then we are in a really bad spot. I guess you can throw Phillips out there since he played LT in college, but he doesn't project as an OT and was announced as an OG on draft day. As far as OG goes, we have a history of getting serviceable play out of average or below average players there, not likely to hold our offense back a ton even if none of the starting candidates steps up. Despite a really bad playoff showing, I'm still fine with Mekari at OC until Skura gets back, he's fine.

As far as who we drafted, Tyre Phillips is a college LT that we're going to use as an OG, think Kelechi Osemele or Jermaine Eluemunor - from what I've watched he won't be even remotely as bad as Eluemunor when it comes to OT to OG converts, I like what he brings to the table and I think he has a legitimate shot of stealing the LG spot, though that might be a tall order without a preseason. I won't go as far as to say he'll be as good as Osemele, but his athleticism for a big man is seriously impressive and his balance is very good, he's actually very good at making blocks at the second level. He's basically a perfect fit for what we want considering just how much we pull our guards and expect them to make blocks in space. In the fourth we took Ben Bredeson from Michigan, I'll be honest and say I was never a fan of his and I just didn't like the pick, that being said he'll be in the mix for snaps on either side. Bredeson has good technique and good strength, but athleticism, balance, and length are an issue for him.

Of the guys we already have, Bozeman is obviously the most likely to start of the entire bunch given how he held the starting LG job all last season, though I don't think he's necessarily a lock to start, he was often a liability last season. Not an overly strong player, but he's pretty light on his feet and does a good job of making blocks in space. DJ Fluker is whatever, to me he's just Vlad Ducasse v2.0 for us, we can probably pull serviceable starting caliber play out of him, but he's not going to stand out at all. Powers is the wild card at RG, played decently well in week 17 last season but that's all we saw of him.

If you put a gun to my head and made me make a prediction I'd go Stanley - Bozeman - Mekari - Powers - Brown in week one. But I don't have any confidence in either of those OG picks, could very easily be Stanley - Phillips - Mekari - Fluker - Brown and I wouldn't be surprised at all."
Stanley-Powers-Bozeman-Fluker-Brown jr
""
Champion mentality.
Belee dat they gonna get a super bowl outta me
"Boys I love Ingram and I think he's going to be the #1 RB right up until our Super Bowl win... but wait until Lamar, JK, and Hollywood become the undisputed top QB/RB/WR threat in the league. Shit is going to be nasty. Big 3."
i really hope we have a season our roster is stacked with talent and even more heart
Im.just thinking about Lamar wearing shades on the superbowl bench
Expected him to say otherwise. Very disappointed
What if you guys went to the Super Bowl... and he got 6 touches?
"I am very excited to see what Dobbins brings to the NFL. I don't think they have the strongest run game in the league. Add a QB who was MVP and ended the year with a passer rating over 100, the scariest LBs in the league, top tier safety's, and of course the GOAT himself, Tucker, and you have the makings of a SB contending franchise.

Oh I missed the play calling by the OC. Gonna be fun to watch"
[deleted]
Anyone have a link or copy of at least the audio from Brian Billick’s lions den speech in 2000?
You can find it on the 2000 “America’s Game” episode. Not sure if it’s still on YouTube.
"I don't know if there is just audio of it, but you can take the audio from the Americas Game 200 Ravens if you have the capability, and you can find that on Youtube"
""
Having him on the team was worth it just for the 95 yard touchdown play against the Steelers.
"Surprised he only made one pro bowl, in my head it feels like he was very good with Pitt for a handful of years"
Legend has it he's still looking for his helmet somewhere...
Him and Flacco should have done a lot better. Never understood why we didn’t feed him more
"He was honestly one of my favorite ravens, hauling in slants for TDs during dark times"
[deleted]
Bum
""
Lost a big of his pooch too
He lost a good amount of weight too. Looking like an edge or an OLB rather than D-Line. I see you big dawg
"“What are you?”

“I’m Pittsburgh’s reckoning.”"
B-Will and Campbell are going to wreak havoc in opposing teams backfields
"How about Hollywood tho

my man lookin like he permabulked the entire offseason"
He was always strong. Remember the video of him walking on his hands?
Brandon Williams is Aaron Donald if Aaron Donald cheated on his diet for a couple months
People ain't ready for B-Will going back to NT
"We won’t need Earl Thomas to tackle Derrick Henry. He ain’t gettin past this dude, Calais, Wolfe, Queen, Harrison."
T H I C C B O I
This is what a main battle tank looks like in human form.
Thank god we don’t have Pierce anymore. He reported out of shape last year when gyms were open all spring... cannot imagine how fat that guy got lol
Do you see the freaking traps on him? Big baby been in the gym pumping iron.
Eh...they’re kinda big... /s
Bro. I could fuck his ass up. /s af. B Will swole af and still just a giant teddy bear. I love him so much. One of the best run stopping D-Linemen ever. Not flashy like Aaron Donald but just try and run past him. I dare you.
Oh shit oh shit oh shit! Can anyone say domination
Literally looks like Bane. Traps and facemask
"""You merely adopted the trenches; I was born in it, molded by it."" *Bane voice*"
Damn dude got jacked
Whoa!
Yo he looks like he’s wearing his skin two sizes small.  I love it.
Damn son
Imagine having to block that guy
This man could rip me in half and I’d say thank you 🙏🏽
""
"Credit to u/ForYeWhoArtLiterate for the following comment, detailing a list of all the bullshit AB has been involved in (*I encourage other r/Ravens users to share this text when someone says they don’t see why we shouldn’t “take a chance” on AB*):


sigh

You all know the drill:

•	⁠Drove 100 down McKnight Road in Pittsburgh, which has a 45 MPH speed limit

•	⁠Trashed a condo and threw furniture out a window 14th floor window, which almost hit some people, notably a child

•	⁠Killed a home aquarium full of piranhas and refused to pay the man who installed the tank

•	⁠Refused to play week 17 for the Steelers

•	⁠Dyed his mustache blonde

•	⁠Refused to pay a chef because he thought he threatened him by placing a fish head in the freezer (the fish head was saved to make a soup)

•	⁠Farted on a doctor

•	⁠Demanded a trade from the Steelers

•	⁠Became ""Mr. Big Chest""

•	⁠Threw a fit over Juju winning team MVP and trashed him on social media

•	⁠(Allegedly) nixed a trade that would've sent him to the Bills

•	⁠Showed up to Raiders training camp in a hot air balloon

•	⁠Held out and refused to show up to training camp because the NFL would not approve his helmet because it was too old for their safety standards

•	⁠Froze his feet

•	⁠Tried to paint over his old helmet, hoping no one would notice I guess

•	⁠Acquired a newer version of the same model of helmet, which the NFL refused to let him use

•	⁠Picked out a new helmet and finally showed up to the Raiders

•	⁠Got fined by the Raiders for not attending camp

•	⁠Tweeted the fines

•	⁠Tried to fight Mike Mayock, called him a cracker, had to be held back by Vontaze Burfict, then punted a football down the practice field and said ""fine me for that""

•	⁠Got fined for that

•	⁠Released a video where he used audio of Jon Gruden, who didn't know he was being recorded, which is illegal in California (full disclosure, Gruden has said he gave permission, but the generally accepted theory is that he said that in the hope that it would help get him to show up to the facility and not alienate him)

•	⁠Demanded a release from the Raiders

•	⁠Was released

•	⁠""GRANDMA I’M FREEEEEE! FLY LIKE A FREEEEE!""

•	⁠Made a lot of crazy tweets saying stuff like 'Devil is a lie', a proverb about burning down a village... he made a lot of crazy tweets around this time is the point here

•	⁠Liked a tweet about Mayock getting raped in the ass

•	⁠Signed with the Patriots

•	⁠Moved in with Tom Brady

•	⁠The sexual assault allegations came out (the one where he's getting sued)

•	⁠The sexual harassment allegations came out (the one where he's not getting sued)

•	⁠Threatened the woman not suing him in a group text that included his lawyer and had a picture of her kids in the text

•	⁠Got released by the Patriots after one week

•	⁠Went off on a tweet storm and said a lot of crazy shit about a lot of people, and was supportive of people sending threats to the writer of the article detailing the sexual harassment allegations

•	⁠Said he was done with the NFL

•	⁠Went back to college via online classes

•	⁠Tried to outsource his homework to Twitter

•	⁠Wants to come back to the NFL

•	⁠Filed several grievances to try and get more than $40 million from the Raider's and Patriots

•	⁠Was ordered to show up for a deposition regarding trashing the condo

•	⁠Was accused of ""reprehensible behavior"" during the deposition (which is it's own insane thread, btw), which included, but was not limited too:

1.	⁠""Arrived nearly 30 minutes late to the deposition.""

2.	⁠“[C]hanted, over and over, as if a mantra, a narrative of his own warped concept of the proceeding”.

3.	⁠“Acting as if he was above the rule of law, [Brown] proceeded to make a mockery of the deposition process. [Brown’s] antics were so unreasonable that barely twenty [20] minutes into the deposition, his counsel asked for a break [so] he could speak with [Brown] about his demeanor.

4.	⁠“After approximately 20-30 minutes, [Brown] required another break. When the deposition resumed [Brown] increased his level of obstructive behavior. At one point, [Brown] refused to answer any questions, instead saying “next question” no less than 10 times.”

5.	⁠“Soon thereafter, [Brown] started announcing a countdown, starting at ‘five (5) minutes,’ and counting down the minutes thereafter. Before noon [Brown] left the conference room.”

•	⁠Said that the Patriots have to pay him anyway, so they might as well let him play

•	⁠Tweeted a couple of bizarre tweets about the Raiders using him for HBO ratings and the Patriots trying to steal his stuff and kept using this weird chicken based metaphor

•	⁠Tried out for the Saints and brought an entourage and film crew to shoot a music video with him when specifically told not to do that

•	⁠Called out Robert Kraft for his rub and tug massage session in Florida

•	⁠Starting training for a boxing match with Logan Paul

•	⁠Tweeted ""No more white woman 2020""

•	⁠The attorney representing him in the suit involving the condo quit

•	⁠Used a bunch of slurs and profane language towards cops in an Instagram video he posted

•	⁠A police youth football league cut ties with him and returned a donation after the release of the video saying there was a ""irreparable rift"" between the department and AB

•	⁠Threw a bag of gummy candy dicks at the cops in a video he posted

•	⁠Got dropped by his agent

•	⁠Was involved in a disputed with movers at his home where he allegedly threw rocks at the movers and moving vans. He is currently being investigated for battery by the police.

•	⁠His trainer was arrested and he is still a suspect in the battery case.

•	⁠Warrant issued for the arrest of AB.

•	⁠AB turns himself in to Broward Country Jail wearing this suit

•	⁠Rumors spread about AB signing with Tampa or Seattle

•	⁠AB announces his retirement (for what I believe is the third time, it's hard to find a good record of the rest of them)

•	⁠Two days later AB wants to play again and is asking for the league to wrap up it's investigation

**This list needs to be reposted in every AB thread in this sub.**"
Only real reason we shouldn't is the blonde moustache.
can’t wait till he gets signed somewhere so we don’t have to see this reposted 52 times a day
FUCK NO.
"Consult one of the other 50 threads on this

no we shouldn't"
I would add to the bag of dicks that it was thrown in the middle of a domestic issue with his ex wife with kids involved
"People/organizations who trade their principles for ""success"" tend to lose both."
I'm off the AB train til futher notice but like 90% of this shit doesnt matter at all lol
"I say if we really need him halfway through the season, and he manages to stay mostly quiet, then yes (obviously of no other team already signed him), we have good coaches, a good locker room, that can handle him, his cousin is on the team, our QB likes him, and the #1 most important thing is how he plays on the field. He is a wr like no other, so if we need his gameplay to win, then that is what matters most"
[deleted]
Ravens don't do captains or the patch system. They rotate who does it each game and just let leaders naturally form in the locker room. No need for a patch to tell you who should be leading.
They change every game I think
"No one knows yet and depends on the game like someone else said but other than that, co cap fo sho"
Ray Lewis
""
1/2 a game in 2 season. Damn
Need him to be healthy for when he becomes a cap casualty and returns to us.
Hindsight is 20/20 but thank fucking god we didn't resign him if this is what was gonna happen.
"Big loss for that defense but respect his decision. 

Not sure what medical issue he or his family is facing but I know it couldn’t have been easy for him to step back. 

Just goes to show that there are somethings much bigger than football. Most things in fact."
"Mosley cashing in on that contract AND avoiding having to play for the Jets?

Yeah, sounds like a no-brainer."
We will have more opt outs.
No sense risking your health and the health of those around you for a garbage franchise that’s going to go 3-13 next year. He’s got plenty of money. Sit this year out. Hope the franchise makes a coach change next year.
Big time players like this opting out is bad for the season. Too many and it will become an asterisk type season
Thats a lot of money to be sitting out
Damn
That should free up a lot to cap space for them to go after clowney if they wanted to
Shit man we’re really going to win the Super Bowl this year and constantly get told it doesn’t count
"After the shit I’ve seen CJ leave Fed Hill with, this cant be about “Heath concerns”"
""
We look so smart not paying for him to play one half.
This is crazy. I feel so bad for CJ but I’m laughing so hard at the Jets right now.
Michael Pierce opted out also
CJ laughing his way to the bank
Tough circumstances. Ravens won’t go unscathed probably. If there’s a season at all.
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/i1x5e8)"
""
Hater blockers on!
Sooooo sick! Are QBs not allowed to wear black visors anymore? Didn’t Vick wear one? I just can’t stop thinking how dope Lamar would look in a black visor
""
""
[deleted]
""
Cannot wait to scream *JUICEMAN JUICEMAN!* on some Pick6’s this year!
[deleted]
""
""
Really like that last one. ¡Que guay!
Those are great!  Congrats!
[deleted]
Did he order the chicken tenders?
Best owner in sports
Wow that’s amazing. He seems like a great guy
"> “he’s a billionaire, 10k is nothing to him”

Hell, even if my working class friends gave me $20 when I really needed it, I'd be extremely grateful."
"The IRS has entered the chat

But seriously...Very cool of him


Added: the irs thing was a joke.   :)"
Wow that’s awesome.
"Anyone that complains about a person “not giving enough” charity is a bad person, and you shouldn’t listen to them."
"millionaire or not, thats awesome if only because he doesnt have to yet still did. I work at a restaurant in Luthersville and business had been really bad for us as well. We could use some love like that except i wouldnt agree that my owners deserve to be handed such money when they arent the ones barely scraping by i assure you."
"Yeah no matter what he didn't have to do that. 
Good on him.

Are we talking about Libations?"
"I was 100% expecting this to end with a reference to chicken tenders. Pleasantly surprised that it didn't, but also slightly disappointed. Anyways, hell yea Steve, that's awesome!"
"I’m from centreville, which is small, and there are about 1 or 2 actually good restaurants in town. He bought a family friend’s farm in centreville like 10 years ago. Doc’s is one of the two good restaurants and used to be a Steelers bar. Big Dick Biscotti walks in there with his check book, and that place has been a ravens bar ever since"
He saw a need and addressed it personally. Don’t care how much money he has that is a tremendous act and a great example to set
"That’s awesome. It’s gotta be a great feeling being able to do that for a small business and the employees. 

More mega rich people should be like this. Steve is the man."
Steve Bisotti is amazing fucking.
"Let people sY bad things - this was a kind deed, bottom line.  He didn’t have to do this.  The fact is, he thought about it and did it.  FYI I’m not a Ravens fan; I’m a football fan who lives here. I wish my generic NFL team owner had half the heart Steve B does.  You can guess who my team is; FYI moved here in 96, and the Ravens are my #2."
"Not that I needed another reason to be a proud Ravens fan, but thanks anyways! What a great story."
"I’m so proud to be a Raven honestly. Lucky to have grown up in Baltimore and to have a franchise that is both successful and charitable/has a great culture

Thanks for sharing this story OP it’s pretty awesome"
I read Steve Buscemi
I still haven't forgotten the time he shared his chicken tenders with me and I probably never will.
He has been making the news for all the right reasons throughout this whole thing. Really love having an owner like this.
"The Ravens have 5 blessings. Bisciotti, Lamar Jackson, EDC, Ozzie and Harbs. Let's cherish all of them."
Hellas?
Steve “Big Heart” Bisciotti
What’s the chicken tender reference?
"Chicken tendies

Nah fr though, Bisciotti is a fucking amazing owner. This is even more apparent looking at the owner of the football team 30 miles down 95 lmao"
"Bisciotti for president, also Fuck the Steelers"
God Bless that man. Idc how much money you have that's fantastic
"10k probably is nothing to him. Still, that doesn’t mean what he did wasn’t amazing. He didn’t have to do that. His generosity impacted the lives of everyone in your restaurant. 
What a grand gesture.  We are very lucky to have an owner like him."
What restaurant was it because I live in the Severna Park Millersville area
"That's pretty cool of him. Haven't been home to SP in a good minute, only local place I can think of is Adam's. Hope business improves."
Bad Owners can ruin franchises. Thankfully the two owners in Ravens History have both been fantastic and done what's needed to help us be one of the most successful teams in the NFL
"The money is awesome, but he impresses me more with how he uses his influence in the community.

I’ve met 3 people who have served him in the past (2 waiters and a caddy) whose careers were drastically altered bc he liked their work ethic.

Rich guy giving money is good, but seeing a rich guy take the time to use his influence in order to help others realize their dream is legendary."
""
What's going on here?
Rookie hazing!
"As a Longhorn, this hurts me."
[deleted]
""
He can use my knee this season if he needs a spare
"He can still practice, this isn’t a problem"
"Gives them roster wiggle room, I believe he won’t count towards the 80man now."
[removed]
""
He will always have 1 clutch or insane catch per game
I’m hoping he ends the year as the #3 WR and Boykin can take that #2 role.
"It depends how well Duvernay does. I think Willie will lose at least some snaps to Duvernay, but will still be involved, especially early in the season, because he's got solid hands, blocks well for a receiver, and has had good chemistry with Lamar at times."
"Honestly a bigger role. 

I think with Hayden being gone and Snead being a great blocker he’ll see the field quite a bit. 

Snead is constantly being counted out and every year he’s carved out a role for himself and been consistent."
"Snead starts in the slot, but slowly gets overtaken by Duvernay."
"Snead starts in the slot, but slowly gets overtaken by Duvernay."
"Pretty big role I’d imagine. I think we are gonna be slightly pass-heavier than last year, and he will likely be our WR2 or WR3 depending on how big of a step Boykin takes.

I have a ton of confidence in Duvernay and am cautiously optimistic on James Proche as well, but I think it will realistically be hard for either guy to have a major role this season given the lack of spring practices."
"Bigger! He’s probably going to have the 2nd or 3rd CB on him with Andrews and Brown attracting the Safety and CB1. If we can’t get at least 500-600yrds, some clutch catches and blocks out of him he’s gone"
At least as big as last year. I don't expect many rookies to do much after such a limited offseason program.
"I wouldn't be surprised if the season is cancelled, so not a very big role."
Probably a smaller role than last season
""
"Week 1 last season after that whole shit show of an off-season with the worst takes on Lamar.

I remember jumping and screaming at work lmao"
[deleted]
"I’ve been working at an auto repair shop in the Canton area for about five years. Steve Bisciotti has been coming to our place since before he owned the Ravens.

Yesterday was the first day he’s come since this whole coronavirus thing started. Business has been very bad for us lately......... When he came to pick up his car he gave out chicken tenders to every worker in the place and gave a 10-piece meal to the owner. We were all in complete disbelief. The owner was balling her eyes out lmao. I know I’m probably gonna get some comments like “he’s a billionaire, chicken tenders are nothing to him” but I really don’t care. They were fucking tasty."
And there it is
Lmao and there it is. Meme gawd.
Last time he gave away tendies things did not turn out to be good for us man
🍗🍗🍗
A living legend.
"Goddamn, between this and the restaurant story this man must be playing Santa today lol Edit:why am I being downvoted, I just made a joke about how nice this guy is Edit 2:I’m a dumbass"
[deleted]
It would be possible but it’s far too late to realistically implement one for the season
"I'd say 0.

Difference is Bball courts can take a beating, a football field after a couple of consecutive games would be useless. Believe me, I've seen it happen with soccer."
"I’ve thought about this a lot. 

If the NFL had seen how this was going and reacted faster instead of simply sitting on their hands they could have amended the season to be more isolated.

Basically break up the teams into four divisions regardless of conference by region. So Northeast, southeast, Midwest, and west.

That will be more in line with the NBA’s East vs West setup, and allow you 4 individual bubbles with 8 teams in each.

Each team plays the other twice and you make the season 14 weeks instead of 16 with additional byes to protect against what’s going on in the MLB with the Marlins and having to cancel games.

Each division has two winners and a wild card so you get 6 from each conference like we do today.

Hopefully by that point they can mix the bubbles (as it will be January) and you have an East vs West Super Bowl.

Now is this drastic?

Sure.

But it’s better than the current plan of “let’s just test our players, lock out as many people as we can from stadiums, and cross our fingers.”

Problem is this would require players, coaches, trainers, staff, and others to isolate for 6 months or more away from their families. NBA is currently doing that but it’s only for a little over a month. 

So that’s a huge ask and not conceivable to anyone."
"I actually posted last night on r/nfl my thoughts mostly to get them down for myself. It was downvoted to oblivion. Basically I dont think a bubble would work, but a pod system could with each pod having 4 host cities within bus distance. Each pod would have 8 teams that play a 10 game schedule totally in the pod. 

Here's the general jist. There are prob problems I didnt account for but it was a fun exercise 
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1D4V8yCf0qesA1oo542VH4ibGckAqiP9-piR095nIWaU/edit?usp=drivesdk"
"I really don't think so. It's one thing to have a bunch of basketball courts together. They don't take up nearly as much area as a bunch of football fields. 

Also the max number of players on an NBA roster is 17, for the NFL it's 53. Take into account how many position coaches, coaches' assistants, ball boys, water boys, chain gang, and it's just way too infeasible due to the sheer amount of people that need to be quarantined and accodomated.

That's not to mention it's just way too late to do something of that caliber at this point."
"At this point I think the only viable possibility is delaying the season and doing something abbreviated, but who knows. It’s insane the the NFL appears not to have considered the possibility that Covid would still exist in September. The irony is that I can only assume they were concerned about losing money, but now they may get the worst case scenario and have no season at all."
"It’s not realistic for the NFL to have a bubble like the NBA. It would have to include so many more people over an even longer period of time. They would need closer to a city or something for enough hotels, football fields, etc. And the bigger the location, the harder it would be to actually keep everyone in the bubble isolated."
"0 percent chance. 

The NBA has what 450 players plus the staff so max like 600 people. 

The NFL has 1700 players alone. They have much larger staffs. 

Plus you can't run back to back games on the same field for 16 games. It would get destroyed. Where a basketball court you can play on 24/7 for a season and it still be in great shape"
"I think the bubble COULD have worked, but it only works so well for the NBA is because a regular NBA roster is 14-15 guys. for a large scale 53 man roster like the NFL, youre looking at 371 tests a week PER team if youre doing daily tests. like another poster said, if you play more than 1 football game right after another the field is gonna be in horrible condition (resulting in more non contact injuries). 

the only way I see the season working is to do no fans at all, each player has to be in a tent on the sidelines when not in game, weekly tests for players, coaches and equipment managers have to do DAILY tests, no extra curricular activities for players, and most importantly no contact with family at all outside of video chatting and phone calls."
Getting a hotel in a team’s city to house players voluntarily would be great.
[deleted]
""
Spend some time on /r/nfl and you begin to see how ridiculous arguments regarding playoff success and Raven's QB are. Our 2 most recent QB's are basically opposites in terms of playoff vs regular season success. Whatever stats matters most is dependent on which one they are talking down on
I love his mentality. Dude isn't satisfied. I have a very good feeling that when it comes to year 3 and to the postseason the third time's the chart when it comes to breaking through and winning in January
This is the way
Well that cross-post doesn't look too pleasant
"Its time Lamar.  If he goes out in first round again, there are going to be some conversations."
"The hope was that one of the UDFAs make the roster as the 3rd TE but with Breeland on the sidelines and Eli Wolf (like all UDFAs) getting next to no time to impress, it could be a good idea to get an experienced TE to fill that gap? 

Some names that have been mentioned:

Delanie Walker - probably the best available but doubts remain about his fitness seeing as he has barely played over the last few seasons and as he is 36 this month!

Charles Clay - didn’t have the impact neither he or the Cardinals had hoped for for. Would be a good solid option as a 3rd choice TE.

Ed Dickson- started his career with the Ravens which helped but like Walker lots of question marks around his fitness seeing as he spent the majority of last season on the sidelines.

Ben Braunecker - a very quick TE and younger than his counterparts named above. Has good physical attributes and would do a job which is what you need from a 3rd TE.

Jordan Leggett - was recently let go by the Bucs which wasn’t surprising seeing as they have Gronk. Was a very good college TE who hasn’t quite managed to replicate that in the pro ranks but he is only 25 so could be worth a punt?

Jeff Heuerman - 3rd round pick back in 2015 and has real upside if he can find a team that can unleash it. Could potentially be looking at somewhere like the Patriots where he would have more of a shot to be the starting TE. However if that move doesn’t materialise then the Ravens would be getting a good TE who could be a very good job. 

I haven’t included Jordan Reed as with his concussion record he should really retire!"
"can I get a George Kittle or am I asking for a little to much

Jokes aside that's one player I'm upset I'll never see in a Ravens uniform. We picked Tim Williams over him 🤦🏼‍♂️"
Alge Crumpler available?
Move Reichsteiner from FB to a blocking TE role?
I just want Hayden back 😭
"We’d probably want whoever the best blocking TE available is. Since we won’t have any game time in the preseason, the new guy probably won’t be seeing too many targets right away."
"Id like Walker. 

""Could make sense for Ravens who are looking to add a veteran TE, per John Harbaugh. Walker has played under Ravens OC Greg Roman before."" -Zrebiec

https://twitter.com/JFowlerESPN/status/1290284906673668103?s=19"
""
""
""
Give me Delanie walker just for the titans rematch at the very least
Id take Walker. If Mark goes down again TE is a very vulnerable position.
I'd love to see them bring in Walker. He'd be a good contributor and good vet presence for Andrews too
"Would love Walker. Feel like he’s still got a lot in the tank and the injuries have been super unlucky. 

Patriots are also looking at him."
"Hope we don't pick up Reed. The guy is an awesome TE - when he was on point, he was arguably a top 5 TE in the league. But man, he has taken so many head injuries that I hope he doesn't chance his long term health any more."
Delanie Walker definitely fits the Ravens culture and the profile for the type of veterans we like to pursue.
Walker was definitely a student at Ball So Hard University. Lets bring this man on.
I want Walker so that I can finally call him [Delanie Valley Walker](https://goo.gl/maps/zwfXxGiYRXxH9w7P9) and have it make some sense.
Reed just got signed by the 9ers.
[deleted]
The hardest pass on jordan reed please
Please do not let us be the team that contributes to Jordan Reed dying before age 35.
Yeah Jordan Reed really shouldn't play football anymore but if the Dude is committed to his brain fully turning to mush he can do it with us for pennies. Walker is a good add short term.
"Just make the team TEs, Lamar, and Tucker"
We could just sign AB and he’d make a bigger impact than both of these guys
"While I love watching them play, I can very much imagine that with a possibly lower salary cap and franchise cornerstones at important positions needing extensions, the Ravens will let Gus walk next offseason and Ingram the following year. Drafting a RB in the second isn’t great positional value but it gives the Ravens the option to let their RBs walk three straight years (Hill could be the year after Ingram). 

That’s also why I see Gus getting a larger role than people expect this year, and Ingram the next. Would be wise to use Gus and Ingram while they’re on the roster and save Dobbins (this is assuming he lives up to his expectations of being at least a decent starter in the next few years). Would also help Gus/Ingram get deals elsewhere that could net the Ravens a compensatory pick.

What do you think?"
"I'd be surprised if Gus is here after this season, hell I wouldn't be entirely shocked if we let him go before this season to save the roster spot. Nothing against him, but we really don't need him and if it comes down to keeping him vs. keeping a younger guy with potential, I'd take the other guy. The whole idea of saving Dobbins just seems ridiculous, use your best players at each position, wasting half of Dobbins rookie contract doesn't make a lot of sense. 

If you take a player as high as the 2nd round (at a devalued position nonetheless) then you don't actively leave them on the bench for two years in the hopes that the other guys will play well enough to get bigger deals elsewhere - regardless we're talking RBs here, neither Gus nor Ingram would get big enough deals elsewhere to make this whole plan worth while in the comp pick department.

It seems like you are way overthinking this whole thing. This year will be Ingram as the top dog with Dobbins as the \#2, with Gus (if he's on the team) coming in occasionally, Hill is a total wild card because he needs different types of plays to get on the field. We really don't need to do some mental gymnastics years down the road, if we don't want to give Dobbins a crazy work load then we can draft or sign adequate RBs moving forward, RB is a such a devalued position right now that it would be no problem."
"Year 1 Mark/JK/Gus
Year 2 JK
Year 3 JK
Year 4 JK"
A lot happens in 4 years. Who knows because it's all based on performance. I dont think Ingram is a Raven in 4 years but I dont think Gus will be either. I can see the 1-2 of Ingram and JK running 2 years.
"Ingram a cap casualty next year.

And Gus Edwards is an FA so I see him moving on if Dobbins excels, but Dobbins Edwards is an excellent 2 man punch if Dobbins takes off this year"
Bring Bernard Pierce out of retirement. Duh.
"If JK plays well, I actually see us letting Ingram walk next year, and Gus stays. Gus is a great back up, and he's cheap. With the cap next year likely to be much lower, being able to save 4 mil could be the deciding factor. 

I like Imgram, but his age, potential cap savings, and the fact that we have (again, assuming JK is good) two good young running backs that are solid, may push him out. I'm not including Hill because I'd like to see more from him."
You guys like your WRs?
[deleted]
""
Based off his career stats I think it’s safe to say they were wrong lol
He’s fast and tall but that’s pretty much it.  He has started 3 games in 3 seasons on tight end starved teams.  He isn’t very good imo if we get Walker I expect him to be out the door.
"South Carolina TE Jerrell Adams is a dual-threat receiver and the next sleeper pick in the draft


***

posted by [@brgridiron](https://twitter.com/brgridiron)

[Link in Tweet](https://amp.twimg.com/v/bc27f22e-fdef-4d80-964a-98493da218fe)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
We have a J.Adams!
👀
"Maybe he's our Darren Waller.




Lol"
[deleted]
""
I forgot he made the pro bowl. I somethimes think what the team would if been like if after the superbowl we let joe walk and kept tyrod
TyGod
"I’ve always liked Tyrod because no matter how well he played he at least seemed to try his hardest, and sometimes his best wasn’t enough. But you could tell he wanted to be better."
T-Mobile!
"I'm a big Tyrod fan. I was so happy he got his chance in Buffalo for a few seasons.

I really hope he does something in LA as the starter. I don't know if it's exactly comeback player of the year-worthy, since he's not exactly coming back from anything beyond being a back-up for a few years, but I really hope he just starts going off at 31 years old and shows what a bitch Phillip Rivers is."
"Ah shit he was a pro bowler? I know he went to the playoffs with bills one time, was it that season?"
31? Feels like he was at Virginia Tech for 8 years and backed up Joe/got screwed in Buffalo for another 10.
Ty🐐
Love ya Tyrod!! Always had a soft spot for dude since he came into the league.
I always loved Tyrod as Ravens QB. I got to watch his whole career as a student at Virginia Tech. Dude was so exciting to watch
""
hey u/baltimoreravens if you guys need like a 5th string QB I got a fucking cannon bro
I need to see him in all black next I can’t wait for this defense
Calais and Fluker are such gigantic human beings 😨
"I am particularly excited to see how Campbell is in our defence. If they play the year, I think he will provide some stability in stopping the run game and playing beside B-Will will open up more pass rushing opportunities."
He he doing The Squirrel?
I can’t wait to see him and Wolfe in action
[deleted]
He can spend his off days as he wishes
""
"I know it’s JLC, but felt it was worth posting for the tidbit about Walker making his decision in the next few weeks

Sounds as if he is trying to skip out on training camp, which makes sense seeing how he’s almost 36"
"... TO THIS DAYYYYYYY... I still say Delanie walker in the 49ers super bowl year might have been one of the most fun “off the ball” players to ever watch.

I can not tell you how many times I saw a camera angle on tv of a 49ers ball carrier starting to run towards an opening on the outside and little ol Delanie Walker would come blazing in without regret and destroy people on blocks. 

I have never seen a non olinemen consistently block as violently and explosives as he did in the open field. Curious to see if he ever played that role again. He basically was a headhunter on offense."
"Very good run blocker, I’m IN ✍️"
[deleted]
Feels like it was yesterday
I remember my dad came home from rays last home game that season and after watching his final dance and talking about how special it was and that it will never happen again all 8 year old me thought was “why the fuck didnt you bring me”
Please don’t remind me :( my favorite athlete of all time. I’ll fight anyone that slanders the man.
I think about him every time I watch a game. Ray Lewis is the heart and soul of this team. I know his presence is still felt in that locker room. More than likely carried on by John Harbaugh.
"Feels like 18 years ago, tbh. So much has changed on and off the field."
The GOAT...
Wow it’s been that long since we’ve had a bowl holy hell
"As a Ravens fan from the UK, it was that playoff run that brought me in. I'm just sad I only witnessed it for one season"
Damn its been a minute i was like 13 lol
I still believe he could play for us now lol
""
"So, this was something I decided to do. It was actually pretty easy to whip this video package together, seeing how Jerell Adams only has 24 career receptions. (I couldn't find 5 of them; and there was another he had against the Bengals on Monday Night Football that went for 0 yards.) Now, I very well believe that Adams is merely a camp body only brought in to help push both Charles Scarff and Eli Wolf for the third tight end spot left by Hayden Hurst. However, since Adams hasn't really been on an active roster in 2 years (and seeing how there is no highlight video for him on the web), I figured trying to shed some light on who he is. (You know, for like the 12 people that care on this sub.)

As the highlights show, the Giants primarily used him underneath, extensively having Adams run flat, in and hook routes. For as good as his deep catch against the Lions on Monday Night Football in 2017 was, the Giants had him go deep the year prior on one occasion; and well, [the results weren't pretty](https://youtu.be/b6ZIwx5BxPo?t=712), as Adams looked lost despite having a good 7 inches over Steelers corner William Gay. [Regardless, the way how the Giants used him rings true to a report I've read about him from two years ago, which said Adams needs ""polish with his route running.""](https://www.sbnation.com/nfl/2018/8/22/17653150/nfl-breakout-players-2018-giants-jerell-adams-tight-end) It isn't exactly exciting when most of those receptions look and feel the same.

Now, in limited action during his two years with New York, Adams did show some versatility, lining up in both the slot and the backfield. Adams fairly consistently came down with the throws that went his way, as well, not having many drops. Of the passes he didn't come down with, they weren't really his fault...

* [His first drop came as a result of being immediately hit by safety Rodney McLeod.](https://youtu.be/jnXGlP1MHXk?t=6110)
* [This one might have been because Eli Manning led Adams a bit too much](https://youtu.be/Kfb8sI952Zk?t=1229); and Adams could have caught the football after tipping it the first time with his right hand had he and teammate Odell Beckham Jr. not run into each other.
* In his final game with the Giants, Jerell Adams had 2 drops. [The first falls squarely on him, as Manning and Adams were locked eye-to-eye while he was open in the endzone.](https://youtu.be/Ait9ewRe3zY?t=440) However, the football bounced off his hands, missing a chance at his second career TD. [The second was because Adams failed to turn around quickly enough, as Manning was looking to zip his pass right to Adams while there were two Washington defenders in the area.](https://youtu.be/Ait9ewRe3zY?t=597)

More importantly, however, is the fact that 13 of his 24 career catches went for first downs.Additionally, hiis size is his definitely best advantage, being 6'5"" and around 250 pounds. He was able to bounce off of a tackle or two and pick up extra yards after the catch. It's always good to have a tight end on the roster that isn't easy to take down. In the bonus clip I've included (from last year's preseason), Adams makes safety Andrew Adams look silly by stiff-arming the living daylights out of him.

So, overall verdict? I still feel like Jerell Adams is at most a camp body. That said, I feel like he can have success as Baltimore's #3 tight end behind Nick Boyle and Mark Andrews *if* he impresses in camp and beats out both Scarff and Wolf. After viewing these highlights, I can see how Adams can find a niche being a good third option for Lamar Jackson where, for example, neither Andrews nor Hollywood Brown are open. So instead, Jackson can sling it to a wide open Adams underneath and he can power his way to a first down from there. Also, while not being much of a run blocker, Adams is (or at least was) a pretty decent pass blocker in 2016, [grading a 65.8 by Pro Football Focus](https://www.bigblueview.com/2017/5/16/15643312/ny-giants-90-man-roster-preview-jerell-adams/comment/428806071). 

Maybe the Ravens found a hidden gem? Most likely not; but stranger things have happened."
That Adams on Adams crime was amazing. I like him
He’s survived Eli Manning.. we need that kind of heart on our squad
Nice content. Really enjoyed.
Nice content man good insight
"Thanks for putting this together. I thought the blurring of the whole screen while leaving Adams clear was a bit distracting, much easier to spot him at once if you just pause the video and put a circle around him."
Some of those were some big windows.
""
[deleted]
Joe Flacco calling a cold-weather super bowl “retarded” after being a visible spokesperson for the special olympics
Earl Thomas having an orgy with his brother is up there.
"at first lamar needed to be a WR, then a RB, now it’s cant win a playoff game/SB. lofty heights for someone who isn’t supposed to be a QB lol"
How about the Cleveland browns. That’s something that is hilarious
"When our moronic fanbase went scorched earth when the players knelt in London but scream “O” in the middle of it and don’t see the hypocrisy. Can’t wait for these assholes to resurface this year, hopefully they fuck off for good this time."
The ravens cutting Eugene Monroe for being very vocal about his opinion on medical marijuana use in the league comes to mind.
that was one guy I think and everyone made fun of him
why are people on this subreddit so mean wtf. people will downvote everything for no reason can yall fuck off and just be nice
""
""
Is that Ryan Mink?
"I live in the greater Los Angeles area and there are tons of birds here (including crows and even wild parrots). They make a ton of noise but I've always loved their sounds.

Last year, I went to school in the redwoods up north and there were ravens there and I REALLY liked their croaks and clicks"
[deleted]
""
I wish we had the Denver version of Darian Stewart...
Nah he seemed like he hated his year here
I have no memory of this dude.
"Thanks man!

From,  
Darian Stewart"
We really going to allow posts that say happy birthday to every single person who was on the team?  Seems like karma whoring
""
My dynasty shares of Dobbins are proud too
""
Just be sure to balance it with the run game. Don't want to be too one dimensional
Ohhh but it WILL be a problem
"Calling Lamar a bad passer is not only a lazy take, but also a dumb take."
""
I wanna know if he made peace with the ravens.
"LMAO 🤣😅  OP, do you have a link"
"Yeah, I'd be ok with this being a dual-purpose sub!  They couldn't have picked a cooler team name, particularly for Baltimore.  I was hooked the moment they announced it.  Ravens have a lot of mythological associations as tricksters in cultures around the world.  In Germanic mythology they were Odin's birds and presaged battle which is perfect for football.  And actual ravens are smart as hell."
How did I miss this?
Jaaaaaan stopppp it
Jackdaw
Just read the whole thing. Legendary thread man 😂
I mean it was a great test.  We should be prepared to answer questions about our team and the mascot.  Edgar Allen Poe is counting on us.
How did I miss this?! That’s amazing.
""
Said it once and I’ll say it again: that visor on Lamar is one of the dopest things I’ve ever seen. Hope he wears it this season
Left side goes hard 🔥
"Lamarkable.

^Also ^wish ^Goodell ^would ^stop ^sucking ^and ^let ^players ^wear ^visors"
I never realized he has arms full of tattoos
"Loving the visor, hoping there are no kneels."
""
I hope we see you guys in the Super Bowl. It was an interesting theory.
""
""
u/andrewapicture was [sorta close with this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/8f8orp/-/dy1iwxv).
"Lamar ""Franklin R. Doosevelt"" Jackson"
Mostly everyone praising the pick jump to now where mostly everyone shits on Lamar.
u/eromitlab wasnt [so close with this one.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/8f8orp/-/dy1lh0q)
Comments under that post are hilarious
[This comment was spot on!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/8f8orp/round_1_pick_32_lamar_jackson_qb_louisville/dy1iy0x?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) by u/Perfect1onOwns
Man I remember being so pissed off that we took him. Never been happier to be proven wrong.
Of course my Favorite QB would also mention my favorite president. Truzz FDR
Why is he holding the football backwards? Does he still do that?
""
"Pollard thinks he singlehandedly solidified the defense that year. 

Now he just dogs the team on twitter."
"Had to go to bed early, missed the end. That pick 6 at the end! Great blitz by Ngata to force the throw 

During those days the defense was lethal in forcing turnovers"
Trigger warning for Billy Cundiff please.
Matt Schaub was with the ravens a year too
"so we were the jets before the jets?

/s"
"This is 2014, not 2010"
""
How many of these stashes have actually worked out? Cary Williams i think?
"Waiving him is a weird choice, can they not just put him on IR if they want to keep him?"
Hopefully he makes it through waivers so we can stop him away on IR.
"The \#Ravens informed rookie TE Jake Breeland they’re waiving him as injured, per source. 

The former Oregon standout is 9½ months removed from ACL reconstruction. An intriguing stash-and-develop prospect who Baltimore wants to keep around for 2021, if he clears waivers.

***

posted by [@TomPelissero](https://twitter.com/TomPelissero)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
/u/BenRosen
Bleacher report posted an article today saying browns fans are slowly converting to ravens fans just because of Lamar lol
u/BenRosen is my dad
he has returned
All hail king Ben!
[deleted]
""
"OL preview with Dev Panchwagh.  

1. Some great thoughts from Dev on the position battles on the inside.
2. Who the Ravens may be expecting to step up at OT in case of injury
3. who makes the most sense for RG"
""
Yes
Only Raven with an MVP
"Talent and ability wise last season from Lamar is the best we've ever had, and it's not close

To be the greatest ever he needs to be consistent for more years and be successful in the post season"
Idk...Josh Woodrum left some pretty big shoes to fill.
"Correct me if I’m wrong but he’s 19-3 in the regular season since his first start. 2 playoff appearances 2x Pro bowler 2x AFC north Champion 1x First team All pro 5x AFC player of the week in fact he went back2back week 10 & 9 
Broke Mike Vick’s record. lead our team to the 1 seed in the AFC best record in the NFL. And NFL MVP... bruh that’s already a good resume as it is. All he needs to do is win a playoff game and I think he’s officially the best QB we’ve ever had"
"I’d say so. I mean from a regular season standpoint he absolutely is. No Ravens QB had a regular season as good as his. 

He has yet to achieve what Joe achieved in his first 2 years in the postseason, winning 3 games. Plus Joe’s postseason resume is pretty darn good. 

He will get there tho, and when it’s all set and done, barring major injury (knock on wood) he will be the best QB and RB in team history."
I mean he’s already off to a pretty good start.
Joe has ALOT of clutch moments and playoff wins. Lamar will pass him eventually but we need that superbowl!
"Holy recency bias, Batman. Lamar is undoubtedly talent wise absolutely insane, but he's had one season of elite play.  It's hard to win in the NFL year in and year out, and it's reallyyyy hard to win in the post season.  Joe is one of the winningest QBs ever in the post season.  I have full confidence Lamar will continue to get better and wow us every Sunday but right now this question is very premature."
Has he not already?
"From his career trajectory so far, it’s seems like it"
"Almost certainly, but then again, it's not like he has much competition for it aside from Joe lmao"
"At the rate he's going, the minute he wins a SB, a statue will be built outside the stadium. I just feel bad for whoever is after Lamar because he's an incredibly hard act to follow"
Yup
At his current pace he undoubtably will
"""Greatest"" is a little vague I guess, but he's definitely the ""best"" already. Sorry Joe."
I think as long as he even appears in a superbowl it should be him hands down.
"He probably will be but we aren't there yet honestly. Flacco is the only other QB but Flacco had a lot of post season success going 10-5 overall with a super bowl win and a super bowl MVP. He put together arguably the greatest playoff run ever that season. He also was 1 play away from winning in many of his losses including heartbreaking drops and errors by his teammates. That level of post season success is how we remember him at his best.

Lamar is a better player and has an MVP but the post season success will come and then we can say he is *greater*."
"At this point absolutely, but like others say he has to win in playoff games. I wouldn’t blame him so much for the playoff losses as much as I’d blame coaching and our inability to handle Henry last season. Hopefully though this year we’ll change that"
Truzz
He already is.
"I would say it is a bit early to say right now, but he is on a ridiculous pace so far.  It seems if he can keep this up for a few seasons he will get there.  But what I am hoping for is that he keeps this up for a long time and becomes the greatest QB in NFL history, not just Ravens."
by far
"If he wins the big one, absolutely. If not it's hard to say for sure, but another MVP level season might be enough to compensate."
""
Drake looks like a white drake
Rollin' through for 6 with these throws.
100% less grooming
Also Aaron Donald looks like a 300 pound steph curry
"You could say Drake is Mandrews with blackface, but Drake is also Drake with blackface."
Mandrake?
Andrews is blacker than Drake's Canadian a$$.
Eh... kinda?
Orlando Brown Jr and Mark both brought that up when they did an interview together from the pro bowl last season I believe
"Damn his physique has evolved so much since when he got drafted, and even since last year. You can tell he's really trying to break into the top tier of TEs with Kittle and Kelce, and I think he has a great shot at it"
"Yah...I just saw Mandrakes pic go up during this game and said, ""Whaaa? That man look like Drake."" Same complexion too, in my humble opinny. My neighbor doesn't know who that is, so I tried to Google it but the Lamar curse was all I could find at first. I knew though, that I was not the only one who saw what I saw. It took a few diligent minutes, but I'm so glad to have found this. I feel validated. 
GOOD OL' REDDIT!!"
""
"I disagree with him saying peters deserved the higher spot over Humphrey, he played great but he was only able to do what he did which is take risks because he had a great safety behind him and Humphrey locking the other side of the field"
I can’t understand why people still think Marshon Lattimore is better. Marlo can play outside and in the slot as well as anyone outside of maybe the top 5 corners in the game. And his versatility may well put him in the top 5.
"It think it’s gotta start with some announcers dropping the “s” from his last name 🤦🏻‍♂️

Marvin’s the truth tho, thrilled when we drafted him and thrilled with how he’s developed."
I collect a lot of Marvin cards
Top five CB
Marlon is just a dog out there. His physicality takes his game to another level in my book. He's obviously a great coverage man but he also plays with a linebacker mentality. I absolutely love corners like that.
I know
[deleted]
""
"I’m sure no one has the answer, but what’s the difference between tier 1 and tier 3? Like... why are their interactions something that needs to be tracked?"
The tracker thing is a good idea but it sounds like something from a dystopian novel.
wait do they have to wear masks in the showers too?
"A few weeks ago I was doubtful because of how the MLB is doing, but this season is not gonna stop. Sure we’ll get replacements, Bench players, and people leaving in the middle of the season for health concerns, but that money train isn’t gonna stop for the NFL. 

I forgot who said it, but whoever is the healthiest, most disciplined, and most careful about COVID is gonna win the SB this year. I def expect teams to one-up each other with safety protocols until the seasons end(not a bad thing). Let’s just all hope for everyone’s safety and hope we get an actual regular season next year.

Just like everything in football, the players have to treat this as another prep for the games. The guys not following safety protocols will not only suffer off field, but on field too. This is a very interesting time in sports."
Imagine getting a beeping all day cause your not important enough to be tier 1. I wonder if the tier 1 guys make fun of the tier 3 plebs.
The interview: https://www.wbal.com/article/472680/5/cass-ravens-coronavirus-safeguards-include-trackers-daily-tests
That tracker thing is definitely the coolest part of all of this. It won’t prevent initial infecting but it will significantly decrease further spread. Other workplaces should definitely invest in that
"Jesus Christ, I would have opted out. I also am not anywhere as good at what I do as these guys are."
""
"I feel like people often forget this guy but he was a HUGE part of our monster 2006 defense - led the team with 13 sacks!

It's awesome to see former Ravens' excelling in their post-football careers. Even more impressive when it is in artistic fields!"
Wait what this is cool af. Some guys are literally good at everything I guess lol😂
"Fun fact, he actually went to my high school! The weight room is named after him and theres a picture of him blocking in his ravens uniform. Was always cool to see a raven when i went to gym."
"I had no idea! I actually went to high school with Trevor back in the early 90s. Super nice guy. Following his career was great, especially when he got to Baltimore!"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I haven’t seen anything about him being in camp with the Chiefs. I’m sure he could bounce to another roster at some point this season, but I hate to see that for a legend. Bring on the Ring of Honor and the Hall of Fame!"
"At this point I don't see how he doesn't. He's too old at this point.

He's gonna be a HoFer regardless. He's top 10 all time in sacks and everyone else in the top 10 is in the Hall.

He's also the all time leader in tackles for loss (though I don't think that became an official stat til sometime around when he first entered the league)."
"Pretty stoked he got another ring though, if he wants to juice up his accolades a bit more, go for that shit."
DeCosta bring him back for one last dance.... Don't hate me.
[deleted]
"Hensley: “Hollywood Brown added 23 pounds this offseason.

He ended the season at 157 pounds. He's now at 180 pounds”

Also said he didn’t sacrifice his speed to bulk up. Hype."
""
"Seeing his IG everyday, and he’s just working his ass off to get healthier and better. The Ravens are lucky to have this kid on their team. Monster year to come."
"\#Ravens WR Marquise Brown says he's at around 180 pounds now, which is up over 20 pounds (mostly muscle) from where he was at the end of last season. He borrowed a GPS unit from the \#Ravens to track his speed and he measured as fast as last year despite the added weight.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"The fact that Hollywood gets to play against arguably the best DBs in the league in practice will only help him improve. 

I been following his IG all summer and physically, he’s about as good as a 5’8” receiver who’s in his early 20s can get. His routes are crisp and his hands are strong enough to catch anything. Practicing against MP, Tayvon, and Marlon should help his separation and getting used to physical DBs. 

My only concern from him is taking hits from safety’s or LBs in the middle. I’m hoping he runs out or just goes down before he gets touched. I’m not saying he’s not tough, I’m just saying a 5’8” 180lb man, no matter how tough he is, can get destroyed fast in the NFL with enough time."
Why isn't he faster now that he has 100% recovered from the injury? Or is it the added weight/muscle negated that
Hnnnng
He measured as fast in his first run after which he was much faster than last year. He's yet to catch up to his college speed which he will in 40 days hopefully.
Sploosh
"D U M M Y T H I C C, D U M M Y S P E E D"
Let’s go
"I cannot believe that he’s only 180 even if it is muscle. I see his IG and thought he was pushing 200 lbs. 

Got me looking at my gut wondering where it went all wrong..."
"Should be faster with added muscle, no screw in foot."
""
Love to hate Pittsburgh!
"Hear, hear."
10/10 would wear
[deleted]
Does he have a goatee
""
What was he gonna say? Fuck him I never like my cousin anyways?
You mean we can stuff him in a locker
I just wish someone would sign him so we could stop having these stupid arguments in this sub as if any of us know him or the locker room well enough to personally determine if he would help or hurt the team.
"Please, no. Please. The Ravens have the most respected team culture in the league."
[deleted]
""
As if anyone could forget our lord and savior
We still have Jaleel Scott
How could I forget out our secret weapon?
We would never.
"How could we forget?

He's on our team"
I'm new to collecting cards and was curious if anyone knows of a group/ thread dedicated to Ravens cards specifically. I'm personally collecting Ravens cards and don't have many friends interesting in sharing opinions and pictures of cards. So I was curious if anyone would be interested in starting one to show off their collections opinions.
I haven’t heard of that but that would be cool. I’ve posted them here with minimal love lol
"I have been collecting recently. I have found everyone collects Lamar lol. Have hit a Duvernay auto in legacy and a Lamar patch in luminance so far. Are you buying individual, packs, or breaks?"
I have a Ray Rice rookie card. He is not wearing 27.
""
"I’m not sure if this has been talked about on this sub before but realistically how good do we think jimmy smith could have been minus the injuries? From literally his first snap he was injured(high ankle sprain opening kickoff rookie year for those of you who don’t know). His best season came in 2013 where imo he was playing at a damn near all pro level against some TOP competition. Unfortunately that was his only heathy season and was followed by a big contract extension, flashes of top form, followed by countless other lower body injuries that just drained him of his prime years. If he could have stayed healthy i could easily see him as being one of the top CB of this generation."
"Jimmy could’ve been what Marlon is becoming. He made huge plays while he was young. This sub actually used to dog on him, now everyone loves him. 

He’s definitely a huge “what could have been” situation. But he makes an amazing 3rd CB for us"
"Actually, Jimmy did have one other fully healthy year (besides 2013), which was the 2015 season. In regards to how good he could have been had he remained durable: Near/at the level of a Chris McAlister, except sans all of the repeated off-field drama, IMHO. Granted, ""CMac"" was similar to Ed Reed, in that he was a threat to score any time he had the ball in his hands!"
"If he and Webb both stayed healthy, we could’ve had an all-time great CB combo."
"He's basically the Carson Palmer of CBs in that way. He had a couple half-season stretches where he looked like an all-pro, but injuries kept him from really putting everything together long enough to truly be a top tier CB."
All pro cb easily. I still think its disrespectful he didnt get atleast 1 pro bowl. He was and still is lockdown when hes on the field.
"Back in the day I used to say Jimmy was a borderline HOF talent, but who knows"
[deleted]
For free sure
"Best offer 1 dollar
Edit: this is a joke"
Anyone want or anyone want to buy? Come on guy just put it on eBay 😂
How much you really looking for?
""
"Fuck the Steelers. Honestly though I was going through their sub a few days back and the amount of respect and support the sub showed to the passing off Mo was really nice to see. They may be the shitstain of America, but they the shitstain that push us to the max."
"The world's largest active toilet bowl!

Brb, getting the Guinness records on the phone to have this added to the list."
Ewwwwwwwwww
Damn where’s the NSFW warning man?
"It's really hard to get too worked up over Pittsburgh. I really only care about the Chiefs these days.

Maybe Ben comes back healthy and we can have a rivalry again."
This just made me laugh so hard 😂😂 fuck the steelers!!
"Yeah, especially after Bane blew it up"
Bane did nothing wrong
The roofs give off Goatse vibes.
The city is the other way my dude
Actually kinda looks like one
"I might get hate for this but I actually respect the Steelers even though it’s still fuck them. Their fans are respectful of the rivalry. Chiefs and Browns fans, on the other hand, are the fucking worst."
"Yes! Yes!!!!

This is what I sub for!!!!!

Fuck the Steelers!!!!!

🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕"
That's the same color my dog's shit looks like when he has the runs
At least it’s bleached
“You’ll never see a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.”
Lol Brett hart quote
I keep zooming in but I can't find Donald Trump anywhere
[deleted]
Lmaooo hilarious
"If God gave Earth an enema, he would insert it here"
Look at that big ole' jaundiced taint.
DeCosta
You do gotta admit tho its an amazing rivalry. But yes I agree
Yellow piss bucket
Man I was supposed to be flying over for the Thanksgiving game in their house. Sad times. Always next year! Go Ravens!
"Hey Raven fans we love you almost as much as our own team. The Steelers I don’t care for, beautiful city though."
Green turtle head
I just vomited
"I mean, the raiders stadium design with the hotel next to it looks straight up like a toilet"
Pittsburgh is a beautiful city but fuck the Steelers.
"My friends and I have a whisky group that has been meeting on Wednesdays for about 6 years. Each week we blind taste a different bottle. This week's was a high proof, but incredibly smooth whisky with a good sweet flavor and a pleasant finish. I gave it a pretty high rating.

Well imagine my horror when my friend revealed the bottle and Terry Bradshaw's name was on the label.  I immediately dumped my glass onto the ground (we were outside, I'm not an insane person) in protest.  Do I have to kill myself now or should I just start wearing black and yellow and dating my sister?

Kidding aside, it was a pretty damn good drink and apparently the MSRP is like $40. Terry Bradshaw also kinda cracks me up if I'm being honest. He seems like he really doesn't take his job too seriously which I like.

You may begin the harassment now."
"I'm not surprised his whiskey is good, he only really knows three things... Drinking, cheating on his wife, and riding his defense to a hall of fame induction for his mediocre play"
"
If you or someone you know is contemplating suicide, please reach out. You can find help at a National Suicide Prevention Lifeline

USA: 18002738255
US Crisis textline: 741741 text HOME

United Kingdom: 116 123

Trans Lifeline (877-565-8860)

Others: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_suicide_crisis_lines

https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org"
They have to have good whiskey to drown away all the pain...
"Taken from the website...

""...Bradshaw enthusiastically dips his slovenly, wrinkled testicles into each and every barrel of whiskey, in simple hopes that a Ravens fan may quaff but a smidgen of the tarnished, demented skin cells and dirt that brashly cover his whole pubic area. If you're lucky, you'll get the hair at the bottom of the bottle!"""
"I don't understand the big deal. 
A good product is a good product.  
If you like the whiskey it is because you like the whiskey and all that means is you like the whiskey.  No more no less.

Take it from me, a loyal Heinz ketchup user."
""
"So we not going to talk about how Dobbins is a vegan?

Flacco can hook him up with the gummy bears though"
Damn that clip of RG3 screaming was awesome. I've never seen that before
"lmao Queen dude, you spent it like 3 weeks ago. How do you not remember?"
JK is Vegan?! That’s really impressive
Lol Dobbins with the gummy bears.
JK was looking straight jacked
GUMMY BEARS TIME BABY
Bobert is always so wholesome
So for his his first touchdown with fans back we need to drench JK with gummy bears
""
"Peters over Humphrey is questionable (though not totally surprising, he's the flashier of the two) but overall a pretty solid list"
Somehow there are still too many Bengals on this list
"Here’s my take: 

Lamar Jackson

Calais Campbell 

Marlon Humphrey

TJ Watt

Minkah Fitzpatrick 

Joe Mixon

Myles Garrett

Ronnie Stanley 

Cameron Hayward

Nick Chubb"
"TJ should be lower on the list, considering Lamar stiff armed him to the ground...  lol"
[deleted]
100% chance of hall of FAME though
""
Just waiting on a Raven themed pack. They’ve done so many for different type of birds and animals but haven’t done a Raven theme
My husband just showed me this last night!
I’m rocking this finishing move too
Lol my MW username is just Lamar Jackson. It’s funny how many people in search ask if it’s the real Lamar as if Lamar would name himself Lamar Jackson in a video game.
I wish this was a banner.
"I'm normally not a big fan of the charms and stickers but as soon as I unlocked the little ""raven"" charm it went right on my guns."
[deleted]
"Damn son 82°C GPU temp? You got airflow and water cooling in there?

Not scary temps but get that between 70-75 bruh"
""
https://twitter.com/jonas_shaffer/status/1155860493157969920?s=21
For sure that’s hilarious
That was my immediate thought too! Just couldn’t remember Lasley’s name.
"start the bidding for that ball!

Do I hear $10 to the dundalkian lady wearing purple cameo pants with the Texas Roadhouse takeout bag?"
"Damn I forgot all about that lmao, that’s great"
"“When you score in the red zone [and] you get a touchdown, you launch it in the pond,” Lasley said, stating the obvious. “I learned that from [former Ravens wide receiver] Michael Crabtree.”


https://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/2019/07/31/ravens-cut-wide-receiver-who-got-into-fight-then-threw-football-into-pond/"
Omfg that is too funny
Yoooooo you just blew my mind lmao
""
So good to get fresh Ravens related things to watch over these last few days
Love it but Ovechkin is 'The Great 8' - Action Jackson is what I think we should roll with.
""
"He a little confused, but he got the spirit"
hahahahahaaa
lmao
"/u/MildlyFrustrating

Its reached our media department"
Lmao
Lmaoooooo
[removed]
well i hope there’s no elevator footage
"A thousand monkeys at a thousand typewrites will eventually write every combination of words, including those that sounds like they reference the Ravens. John Grisham is basically just that."
That’s a pretty big reach you got goin
[deleted]
""
My favorite team got beat by a RB too. His name was Derrick Henry... :(
bro you've spammed this post at least 4 times now lol
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
My sister got me the new school one with Poe on top for Christmas last year I absolutely love it
""
Curious as to how stashing Breeland goes for us as teams really don’t do this with rookies much.
Good.  If Covid doesn’t fuck the entire NFL season we’re wining the fucking super bowl.  Everybody in this team realizes it which is why they’re not opting out.
"They must really have their eye on Breeland, don’t really see teams do this. I’m glad we’re keeping him."
Nice.
"Transaction wire has TE Jacob Breeland clearing waivers and going to reserve non-football injury list for Ravens. 

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Great...
"\#humble

Response at [3:30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExeytB_7Ltg&t=0s)"
throughout this entire interview lamar says the right thing and shows that he has the maturity and determination to lead this team to a super bowl.
Always humble. Always hungry.
"“Have you seen any significance in your t-shirt size or are you still a Smedium?” 

SSSr. is the best"
No one cares Work harder
"Lamar is super mature, super humble, and acts like an actual person compared to way too many other NFL players"
Lamar Jackson
Would’ve loved to see these two on the field together
""
That one dude ragged on Lamar and Mahomes. Oof.
"I have plenty of bad old takes but a guy bashed Lamar, and then also followed up with bashing Mahomes. Pretty great 


https://www.reddit.com/r/NFL_Draft/comments/68qvi3/would_lamar_jackson_succeed_as_an_nfl_quarterback/dh1g1st"
the most annoying part about that is that they’re all judging 20 year old’s like they won’t develop. I was a huge lamar fan when he was in college but even i knew he had a lot of work to do as does every kid in the draft. but to say he’ll never make it after watching him win a heisman is craziness.
The one guy said Llamas athleticism would be matched in the nfl... oof
Glad to see someone brought up Josh Allen’s completion percentage vs Lamar’s to show the hypocrisy of these people.
The racial undertones in some of those old Lamar threads are disturbing
I thought Louisville played a pro offense not a spread offense
"Quite a few of those takes were reasonable at the time. Hell, Lamar had me worried for awhile too, after we drafted him.

If you didn't follow him that closely, and didn't know that he would work so incredibly hard to rectify his weaknesses... Well, he had a lot to work on initially. Like most rookie quarterbacks. It was hard to gauge what he could be, but it was clear he at least had potential, if he put in the effort.

Hindsight is 20/20.

Let's just be glad that he's a gem of a guy -- and hard working. Incredibly hard working. I admit I was skeptical at first, but man. He worked on the things I was concerned about, and blew my expectations out of the water. He essentially put my concerns and thoughts into the dirt.

I might look a bit foolish in hind sight -- but I still wanted him to succeed. And boy, it's a good thing he made me look foolish. I'm incredibly excited for him and the team."
Shout out to /u/jskinner32. May you never work in an nfl front office
Big oof was the guy talking about how he had heard Lamar talk a “couple of times” and assumed because of that he had a low football IQ. Like dude just because he doesn’t talk like you doesn’t mean he isn’t smart also he ran a successful college offense which is more than most people can do.
Reading old comments like these is like porn to me
"I think it’s insane how time and time again people will continue to overly bash or overly praise draft prospects. There’s been so many draft busts and breakout players, it’s really impossible to judge how well someone will perform when transitioning from college to the pro league. Not even scouts, whose job is based around gauging a players potential, can even reliably do so. 

There’s so many factors involved. Unless you’re a scout, GM, or HC, judging an upcoming prospect is gonna make you look foolish in the long run"
"Dang, you couldn't pick a thread I was in for bragging points? Hahaha

But footwork is fixable, as he and Mahomes proved that. I hated that accuracy doesn't change narrative so much. In LJs case there was a lot more the equation. Bad footwork, shitty receivers and a bad O line. Scouts are lazy (in LJs case [probably nefarious](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/8cokqo/after_this_weird_ptf_article_is_it_fair_to) too)."
"The top comments actually seem pretty reasonable. Most were saying he's got a rocket of an arm he just needed to work on his mechanics, especially his footwork.

And then I got to them talking about Mahomes....ooof"
Wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be. Plenty of measured responses
""
"Josh Reed of MD Sports Blog Joins me to preview the TE position:

1. Has the position gone from strength to weakness with trade of Hurst, Breeland injury?
2. Are the Ravens still in the market for a vet TE?
3. How do the Ravens use TEs for blocking that is other than in line?
4. Does Mark Andrews need to improve on 2019 season?"
"Because even if a defense is able to successfully stop one, there'll always be another to take his place and wreak havoc. 

Thoughts?"
What about the four horsemen?
"What about "" Mount Rushmore""...
We on top of the world when it comes to our run game, and has the word ""more"", as in Baltimore. I think its 😎"
"I realize that this isn't technically how the Hydra works (chop off one head, 2 emerge in its place), but work with me. It's a lot catchier and more original than ""four-headed monster."""
The D-Line could be Fort McHenry
Hail HYDRA!
Dirty mark and the boys
And name our defense HARM CITY
Big  running backs no little running backs.
too nerdy
Hail Hydra
"Or you know, maybe not name a position group after a Nazi based organization."
""
"Hey guys, wanted to share some artwork that I'm pretty proud of. I'm a graphic designer that specializes in vintage beer label-inspired designs, and I'm going through and doing a bunch of NFL QBs in this style, which I (personally) think is pretty fun. Lamar was my first (I have like a quarter of the league thus far), as I'm a long-time Ravens diehard. Hope you like it, let me know what you think!"
This is really well done!
Very neat! Just don't try to actually put it on beer. Hysteria Brewing Company got smacked with a cease and desist over their Lamar beer.
Why only 3.9% abv? Is there some significance?
"""Extra Light and Hoppy"" is a nice touch"
"No, don’t make him a session IPA! 😭"
I would drink the shit out of this beer based on the art alone.
This is on point. Well done!
3.9% abv? It would be a merely decorative beer.
Posted here on Twitter https://twitter.com/ravensnation/status/1291739781894934528?s=21
"Guys, just wanted to come back in here and express my thanks for all the upvotes on this design. So glad that this community is into this sort of thing. As an artist, you find yourself doing/making things that you *think* are cool and interesting, but it isn't until you share it with others that you can truly know for sure. I've been working on this style in my spare time for the past several months, and I'm just really floored that everyone's into it. Very cool."
Looks great!
You should try to submit this to flying dog and get this printed on the Sunday Best over the camo
"Looks amazing, OP!"
3.9%? Feel Lamar would be more premium than that.
""
"I only rock Nike Vapor Talon cleats, but I just might try these lol"
[deleted]
"why did you put an instagram filter on the video?

But I love how Lamar would always make the spy or the first guy near him completely miss."
/r/DeepFriedLamar
[deleted]
Purple Friday!
[deleted]
You love to see it!
🍻
Make sure them tendies are safe!
How bad does that mask freeze up??
""
Is this the birth of something beautiful?
Buck yeah I love this new trend
Just got JK'd...
😲 a star is born
I was really hoping to get Bucked
They had us in the first half not gonna lie
JK Meme >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Jaleel Memes
Defense* ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I remember Barnwell saying that they were going to be Super Bowl contenders this season lmao
Buck yeah
I expected to get bucked for sure.
"Did he ever really have a chance of not becoming a Raven? 

Our memes are just too powerful!"
u/blacramento
BAHAHAHA YES! I love the memes in the subreddit
Who is this?
Big Ben gonna be Big Vegetable when he retires. All the hits he took
"The birth of JK memes, a little late I’d say"
Tag your friends!
Lmao
You just spoiled the whole next season of the Lamar Jackson anime for me
"Oh boy, a new meme for the sub!"
It's not really inaccurate. They have a strong case for #2 in the AFCN.
Nah
What's with the Ford logo on the uniform? I hate that.
"So my gf and I  just finished watching the newest season of Last Chance U and she (non-football fan)  asked me a solid question - how many junior college players will end up in the NFL (and otherwise what's the point for them)? I translated that to how many have been Ravens (for obvious reasons), and proceeded down a Wikipedia rabbit hole. She no longer cares about this issue. However, it seems like the Ravens are high on  drafting small school guys (Missouri Southern  - B. Will, Grand Valley State -Judon, etc.), but I couldn't find many former JUCO players. This is what I got:

1) Zadarius Smith played two years at East Mississippi Community College, which is featured on Last Chance U Seasons 1-2

2) We drafted Chauncey Rivers from EMCC (starred in Last Chance U)

3) We initially signed Ronald Ollie from EMCC as a UDFA but then backed out, he later got signed and cut by the Raiders in training camp

3) Hollywood played at College of the Canyons JUCO before going to Oklahoma

Are there other former JUCO guys that have played for us or are on the current roster? It seems like a fair amount of the players that make it to the NFL end up being decent and are tough as hell, so I'm curious why we don't don't see more of them on the Ravens (although it could just be simple statistics, i.e. there aren't that many total in the NFL)."
Marshall Yanda was JUCO
"We didn't draft Rivers, we drafted Tyre Phillips who was teammates with Rivers at both EMCC and Miss St."
"I know they aren't Ravens, but some pretty big names went to jucos like Aaron Rodgers, Cam Newton, JPP, and Lavonte David."
Ryan Jensen was also a JUCO kid.
""
Looking like robo cop out there throwing lasers.
Duvernay looking swole asf
There any chance they let him wear that visor in official games?
"He doesn't know the playbook!  He can't throw a spiral!

Remember that shit?  Seems like a long time ago."
Props to the Ravens media team for FINALLY adding some real-time clips.  Everything last year was slow-mo.  A healthy mix is aesthetically pleasing to me.
I’m calling it right now: Proche was the steal of the 2020 draft
"For a second I thought number 11 was Seth Roberts. If he didn't drop that ball during the Titans game, that whole playoff game would have been a different animal."
"If you watch the hype video from 2019 training camp, the ball did not spiral that tightly. The many works to improve himself, that's for damn sure."
That's my bubble boy
Remember 2 years ago when everyone was freaking out because his throws had some wobble
Remember all the complaints about not throwing a nice spiral ? I think that’s finally dead and buried
"I'm no throwing expert but those spirals are coming out way tighter then last year, it looks like he's got a even more zip on the ball now"
MVP
"""bUt He'S a RuNnInG bAcK"" -every steeler fan ever"
Its a damn shame they cant wear visors like that during games
More. MORE. MOOOOOOORE!!!!!
"I'm glad you censored the word Running, but you shouldn't ever call him that."
Let's fucking go.
Watching him throw to the rookies with that gold visor is sick. I'm so pumped.
"I know it's just the start of training camp, but Lamars spiral already looks way tighter and smoother. Really excited to see him build chemistry with the rookies"
Where can I get that jersey? Is it only for players or something?
MVP
Lamar is the man
Fucking hype!
"Oh fuck yeah, seeing Duvernay and Proche catching passes from the MVP gets me hard as FUCK"
Bruh the mirrored visor is the move
Not bad for a QB
tHe BaLl iS WoBbLiNg. He CaNt ThRoW.
Well now I’m aroused so thanks...
No‼️ That’s my f’in qb‼️‼️‼️
Steamin Willie Beamon.
this is the only place I can go and not see Lamar slander. love it. people love to hate.
Looking good boys!
"Seeing a lot of 27, 11, and 13 👀👀👀"
Mvp 2 loading...
"""bUt He'S a RuNnInG bAcK"" -every steeler fan ever"
"I was curious after (likely wrongly) assuming that this sub contains a lot of fans outside of the DMV. Would love to see a general breakdown with those lurking.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/i5khmw)"
"Lived in MD when the Ravens came to Baltimore. Went to the first preseason game ever, and I’ve been a fan ever since.

Now, I’m living in GA."
Germany
Brazil.
Fan from Cleveland
"I'm living in Glasgow, Scotland but was born and raised in the Scottish Highlands. I bleed purple though."
"Virginia Beach.

Originally from Ocean City, MD"
Seattle and also a PSL owner 😈
"Seem to get this thread a lot, always fun to hear

From England."
Where my philly pholks at
"Ottawa, Canada."
"Near Toronto, in Canada. About an hour from Buffalo."
Western ny. Born in Maryland.
"Ravens fan in Connecticut, I've been using Baltimore as my weekend hideaway city for years, now my sister just moved to silver springs so I have even more reason to go to Ravens and Os games"
New Israeli fan here. Was interested in nfl and wanted to pick a team. The ravens were good as we all know and as I learn more about the ravens I like them more especially how great the entire organization is. Big truzz!!
Originally from Cockeysville. Living in Arizona right now
From the Montreal area in Canada.
NJ
I’ve lived in VA almost my whole life. Does the D in DMV stand for Delaware?!? For my whole life I thought it meant DC.
I live in baltimore county the stadium like 30 min drive away sucks i cant go to games this season
"Greater Los Angeles area, about twenty miles east of downtown"
"CT Ravens fan here! Not many of us, plus we're in Patriots territory...."
I live right in the middle of Nebraska and I've actually never met another Ravens fan in person in my entire life actually.
South Central Pennsylvania
"Grew up.in Carroll County and then Eastern Shore, lived in Baltimore for half a decade (including for the 2012 super bowl), but now in Salt Lake City"
"Anaheim, CA. Fan since 98, whoop whoop! I even got family from Tijuana, Mexico to support our team :)"
Canada Kingston Ontario
Born and raised in Baltimore. Now live in New Hampshire
"Born and raised in Chicago, but showing my support from Phoenix/San Diego nowadays!"
"Born in Centreville (eastern shore), live in DE."
Oklahoma City represent
"Army Brat, born in VA, claim MD as my home state though.

Currently residing in northwestern FL."
NC
"Melbourne, Australia."
"Madrid, Spain"
Argentina
Just outside London
"Well shit, now I'm wondering how many of the 'outside the DMV' are also outside Maryland, and how many are within Maryland or even the Baltimore area but don't consider it the DMV.

That's a lot of words to say I wonder how many Ravens fans are outside Maryland."
I am actually surprised by the current results.
MoCo
"lol I was the comment saying I thought more people would be from the DMV, close poll"
Alaska
"South Texas, y'all."
Canada. Just north of Toronto
"DMV = DC, MD, VA"
Lived in West Virginia all my life. I'm currently residing temporarily in Kentucky for work.
"Just so you know, DMV generally means the DC metro area (DC, MD, and VA). Baltimore is generally not considered part of the DMV."
[removed]
We snuck back in the first round and got Lamar Jackson. We’ve been cheating for two years now 🤣🤣
"I mean the closest thing to the astros would be the patriots spygate shit and that hasnt seemed to really hurt them so I'd probly just be like hey, pats did it too. Definitely would be very lame tho"
"It honestly depends on how they handle it, I would expect everyone involved to get fired and a total clean up, even if it means the end of our SB window."
"Astros fan since birth. I was literally named after Nolan Ryan when my parents met him when I was just a fetus. It was the coolest thing to have such a deep connection to a team. My wife is from Venezuela, and I bought her an Altuve jersey. Correa proposed to a girl from my high school after the championship game on live TV. I have a 15 year old Astros cap that I've probably worn for a third of those waking hours.

Now? Fuck the Astros. I don't think I can ever trust them again. The only way they'd maybe redeem themselves is by winning the World Series this year, under the scrutiny they're currently under and prove that they can win without cheating. But they did irreversible damage.

Maybe everyone cheats, but you don't wanna be the one to get caught. If the Ravens were caught cheating, I'd feel the same way."
"I would call them the Mid-Atlantic Patriots, but then continue to be a shameless fan like most NE fans are."
"Earl cheated on his wife, does that count?"
"I wouldn't *not* be a fan,  but I would be disappointed and upset. 
Especially this season, we have SO MUCH going for us. There really is no need to cheat."
I'd blast Eddie Guerrero's theme song while wearing some of my Ravens gear....probably.
[deleted]
I’m also a Dodgers fan so as you can imagine I wouldn’t be too happy with that.
""
Lamartan 117
"Featuring Mark Ingram as Sergeant Johnson...

""Dear NFL... We regret being yinzer bastards. We regret coming to Baltimore. And we most definitely regret that the Ravens just blew up our raggedy-ass team!"""
"Quick, someone put the *Halo* theme song over this hype video!"
Faster Chief
AhhhhahhhaaaaahAHHAAAAAH
First look? I can't see him.
LaMartian
[removed]
Bulldoze that shit
Supernaw Ave
Crocket Gillmore Boulevard
Isn't that right off of Houshmandzadeh Highway?
At least it wasn't Rice Street.
Flacco Thoroughfare
[removed]
"Thanks, I hate it"
""
""
Lol
Maybe the most popular XFL team?
"If you asked anyone if they liked the Washington Football team, they’d say, “No, fuck the Seahawks”"
The Washington Football Team isn't even the most popular football in Washington lol
"I am a Ravens' fan, but technically there is only one organization who's actual name is ""Football Team."""
"Kids in PG and MoCo are rocking Lamar jerseys. 

People love winners, not losers."
"They should not change their name from Washington Football Team. It fits them perfectly. There is nothing special about them, and they are irrelevant."
https://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/nfl/the-most-popular-football-team-in-every-state/ss-BB17BMV7
"I mean, it makes sense given that it's an older MD team."
"Send a football team, the people of DC are enjoying chicken wings & mambo sauce every Sunday while watching the Baltimore Football Team"
HAHAHA! - https://nhl.nbcsports.com/2020/08/07/canadiens-eliminate-penguins-in-game-4-win-series-3-1/
Fuck anything Pittsburgh
https://i.imgur.com/cJpH8HM.jpg
Whole city FTP
Okay
CBJ fan “liked this”
"Yessir! Anything Pittsburgh must go!

Go Knights Go!"
Ovie has blown a 3-1 lead to underdog teams 4 times in his career. Most overrated superstar ever.
And thats hockey talk
""
"If our offense can jump out to a few quick scores then I don’t see why not. 

Best part is even if they can’t you can’t just run the ball to kill the clock and drain possessions away from us. 

Not with this rebuilt front 7. 

Depth concerns me a bit along the d line but beyond that I don’t see a great formula to beating this defense. They’ll keep the game scoreless till the offense explodes. 

Then goodnight and good luck. 

For reference watch the Houston game again. It was 0-0 till the middle of the second quarter so it wasn’t as though Houston didn’t have chances. 

Once we got a few quick scores the avalanche started and honestly I think that’s what most games will look like this year."
On paper we probably have the best defense in the NFL but that’s on paper. Top 5 forsure this season. Defense wins championship
""
Those poor children. They don't even have a chance.
People really like walking around wearing piss colored clothes lmao
Could be worse. They could be stupidly waving around towels like a Price is Right contestant.
""
Dude must have been horribly out of shape
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
No.
Nope
Nah
""
"Not gonna lie I watched every minute of that. Nice RPO game. Hate the name but good to see ball... in Finland even! I had no idea there was even a league. Thanks for sharing. 

Edit: Good luck this year and stay safe"
Perkele
"Now that I’ve got your attention...

if y’all are craving for some football, Finland’s Maple League is currently the only league being played in Europe (I think) and you can watch those games for free at afi.tv! It’s not a professional league and the season has been shortened to 5 games per team due to ’rona but it feels great to have football back. Here’s a highlight video of one of the games if you want to take a peek: https://youtu.be/xmBtftP_Jzg

I play for the Kuopio Steelers’ 2nd team so I’m definitely biased but I can gladly recommend Steelers if you’re looking for a team to root for. A really good organization and a great team. They have been succesful for a while now but have yet to take the grand prize, the Maple Bowl. 

This isn’t an advertisement by the way, I just thought some of you might want to watch it before (and if) the NFL season starts




Also photo credit: [Jari Turunen](https://jat.kuvat.fi)"
""
""
Guess he’s an option at PR and KR with Thomas opting out. Hope the rookie wr earns it though
"Damn, that might mean Justice is out."
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/i611jx)"
"Honestly with Flacco throwing to Maclin, Perriman and Wallace I think we could see three 1k yard receivers."
"Finally healthy, I really feel like this is the year Michael Campanaro breaks out for us..."
Keep an eye on Jeremy Butler man. I heard he’s been catching EVERYTHING at practice
"Shit post, full acknowledgment, missing football talk"
"Jaylen Hill is gonna be our star CB, mark my words."
I had high hopes for Tim white. Such a shame
What about the goat JOSH WOODRUM
What’s Tommy Streeter up to these days
I thought I went into a time machine. 😱
"Bobby Rainey, the kid is a poor man's Ray Rice and he's been tearing it up. Doubt we can stash him on the practice squad."
"Fuck dude. Maxx Williams and Breshad Perriman are just the weapons this team needs to get over the top. I know last season ended rough, but trust me, I think this is the year we finally go back to the Super Bowl. Joe Flacco is READY. And Kendrick Lewis should be able to hold his own, so shouldn’t have any safety problems this year"
"(if there is even a season) Derek Wolfe, imo. With Williams and Campbell in the DL, the threat of Judon in the rush and the secondary we have, I think he can make some plays while everyone else is getting the attention."
Where Tandon Doss at?
Honestly none of the above
""
"Just need that “Flying High on Mile High” and that wall would be perfect ;)

In all seriousness, love those newspapers"
"I’ve had the Baltimore Sun cover since the day after Super Bowl 47 in a closet. Thanks for giving me the motivation to finally get it framed today. OP, do you know what size frame that is if you don’t mind me asking?"
Ray Lewis would’ve been flagged in today’s game for his hand just tapping Collins face
" Nice, just got the two on the left. Planning to frame them up as well."
Some elite home improvement you got there.
Nice
God this has been on my to-do list for fucking ages.
"I have the super bowl championship newspaper, too."
Beautiful
Tom Brady wishes he has Flacco's SB stats.
I love it
So much yes
Who else bought one of those Super Bowl Champion towels and has no idea where it is now?
[deleted]
Seems like the Ravens knew exactly what they were doing when they cut him. Hope Mack can get healthy and put it back together with another team.
""
Refs made this game close
and ravens vs cards is on @ 8. a fun one to watch despite scoring only 23.
""
Visor SZN
NFL needs to let these back on the field
"Faster Chief, mind telling me what you're doing on that ship?

Sir. Finishing this fight."
Cold AF 🥶🔥
If Lamar is Chief then Ingram is definitely Sgt. Maj. Johnson
I am a massive halo fan and I fucking love this thread
“I thought I’d try running my way out...mix things up a little”
"Pat, I am your Father"
Shamefully took me a while to get this joke. 😔
"On the contrary, madame, Faster Chief ONLY hurts people."
""
"Nah. Kittle and Kelce is tier 1. 

Andrews probably in tier 2 along with Ertz and Gronk if we take off our purple shades lol"
If he improves on his occasional drops n blocking maybe
"Kittle? Lol

Definitely think he can compete for that 2/3 spot tho"
"Yes, George Kittle does not exist."
It is going to suck when his contract comes up.  Oi.  We've got way too many premium young talents to pay in the next few years.
I love mark as much as anyone else but... Kittle and kelce are just a bit better.
Hes definitely tier 1. Crazy production and really didnt play a huge amount of snaps to get there either
Yeah probably not
""
Missing a Tuck shoe
Missing Jaleel Scott.
Gotta get that #8 in there soon!
Mine is both of my flacco jerseys and my webby one.
[deleted]
""
"I think the biggest thing is, the few games we were down, Lamar would score, and then the defense would give up more points. Look at both KC games, the Browns game, the Chargers game, though late. And the Titans game, a lot of people made mistakes, but Lamar did what he could in the second half."
He’s the fucking man.
I think in addition to Lamar’s greatness is that we weren’t often down by 7+ points all year so the averages are a little skewed.
He’s had bad luck vs Mahomes and the chiefs too so far.
"The problem against the Titans was we fell behind a team who could run the ball and our run defense was suspect all year long. To make matters worse we failed to capitalize on chances we did have (drops, tipped passes that ended up intercepted) and we lost as a result."
People are going to create narratives to hate Lamar his whole career because they are scared/in denial over how good he actually is and will be in the future
He didn’t do it in the chargers playoff game and suddenly it became his identity with anybody who doesn’t watch him every game...
I don’t understand this. If you’re ahead in the game it’s because you’re doing some or most things well. Were we supposed to intentionally play poorly?
The bias against Lamar is getting to realm of downright stupidity. People among the pundits make up all kinds of shit to throw at us only to be refuted by responsible stats... it just tells you how pathetic the punditry has become in their zeal to undermine Lamar's greatness.
Interesting!
"That makes sense. Lamar is a dual threat QB, and when down defenses will often give up short run plays to keep the clock going."
Colts-Ravens is going to be an amazing playoff game.
""
You kinda look like a slim joe Rogan
""
[deleted]
Start of a streak on NFL network now
""
I think the Falcons ruined this guys career when they had him bulk up and play on the D-Line. He was a solid run stuffing OLB with us.
not super relevant news but nothing else is happening and he should always be remembered for [this](https://gfycat.com/klutzyenergeticgreatwhiteshark)
I thought UAB's football team was no more.
[deleted]
"Fuck the Steelers, but get out of here with that homophobic shit."
no need for homophobia
""
Fuck that steroid freak.
Myles Smollet always disappears against the ravens lol.
Based on his helmet clubbing I'd say he's right where he belongs
snake. snake.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thanks for giving us the opportunity but why don't you donate them.
[removed]
We probably gonna hear about this one from the media.
"Wasn't that bad in all honesty. He was goin pretty slow and kept lookin back at the road. Def not ideal, but let him live lmao. I'm pretty sure a lot of us do worse on the daily, ik I do"
"Not all of us use Twitter, Snapchat, Instagram. Can you screen record so those of us know what you're talking about?"
I think we're all aware that lamar is extremely cool
that old story again?  let the man live his life
""
Is this an ad for those shoes?
Thicc calves.
He's gona lose that foot
His cankles have cankles
Bigger Ben.
This really made me laugh because deep down in my heart I know this is actually Ben Roethlisberger in another dimension.
"For real though, what’s going on with that? Is he somehow permanent desk job that’s been pulled to protest duty by an all-hands order? Because there’s no way he is fit for any kind of active duty. Is he play acting cop as ‘private security’?"
Ben actually looks thinner than I remember.
Damn you know those shoes are struggling
"That leg/foot combo reminds me of when you blow up a long balloon, but the end doesn't have any air in it."
He would be pro cop.
Ol' hotdog legs.
Got thighs for legs.
I don't see the difference
Startin @noseguard for the Shitsburgh Squeelers r/Steelers
Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Dems punting calves👀
I thought he didn’t like to wear a helmet.
How is that fat fuck ever running after someone?  I thought police had minimal physical standards that should be maintained?
Honestly don't understand how he was ever able to twist those ankles
[deleted]
I'm not sure they let rapists become cops
Who knew Yanda would be slimmer that Ben lmao 😂
Big Ben is about to strike 300 o'clock
Must have defunded the police there
Dude needs some lasix
""
That TD he threw was the icing on the ravens cake meme.
"you misspelled ""Jurrell Casey"""
""
"This is my small but growing collection of the 2 best Ravens to ever put on the purple and black. I got the framed Ray Lewis autograph poster from my wife for Christmas in 2012. She bought it literally one week before Ray gave his ""Last Ride"" speech announcing his retirement. She got it for $150 and you could not find an equivalent under $300 after his announcement. Great timing! 

As I'm opening up this beautiful autograph I was like, ""No way! Thank you so much, I can't believe you managed to get a Ray Lewis autograph with him announcing his retirement! This is so awesome!"" She gives me a funny look and says, ""Wait... I thought I got you an Ed Reed autograph!"" She knew that Ed was my favorite player. I explained that even though I loved Reed she definitely got the right auto because Lewis is the all time greatest Raven. 

The ticket stub in the bottom right corner of the poster is from Ray's last home game. The stadium absolutely LEVITATED when he came out of the tunnel for the last time at home and once again when he did the squirrel dance at the 50 after the clock stopped and we had won. We beat rookie Andrew Luck and the Colts and the rest is history!

The Ed Reed auto came for Christmas 2013. A coworker's boyfriend went to a high school mini camp with Reed there and she had him get me an auto to make up for not getting one the year before! Lol

Edit: correct years"
https://youtu.be/MTTAyDAJAWw
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
r/Christianhiphop ftw
""
"I’m so excited about our roster. It’s going to be impossible to keep all the guys on rookie contacts when their deals are up, though."
"""The Ravens have so much young talent that they could have pushed for the top spot in these rankings even without Jackson under center.''"
Gotta lock up Stanley soon. Could franchise next year but man I’d love to see him a lifer
"Paywall is blocking it for me, does anyone mind posting the entire list?"
"> As a rookie, Jackson was a product of a system that was designed to highlight his strengths and avoid his weaknesses.

Correction: Lamar Jackson WAS the system, a system that only came into existence the moment he became the starter. Rookie Lamar was odd and flawed but let's not understate the massive impact he, and literally he alone, still made that first year."
Our team reminds me of the Seahawks from 2014(?). They drafted really we and had super solid players for 2 or 3 years until rookie contracts were up and almost their entire team was split up and went to other teams on big contracts. Hopefully we can bring a ring to the Llama before that happens to us.
I don’t doubt us being #1 but if you read just below on the list you’ll see it’s seriously flawed. For one they have the giants there while also having will hernandez and Andrew Thomas ranked as blue chip players. Hernandez is no stud which is also reflected by his 58.4 pff score while Andrew Thomas hasn’t played a down. I stopped reading after that
Are we the new Patriots?
I’m sure Lamar has nothing to do with that
""
You're hexing us
stop
No more Purple jerseys and white pants in the playoffs please.....
aw man can’t wait for lamar to get that trophy 🤩ik he’ll b so happy 😭
""
Thoughts and prayers to those who thought he was gonna take Ricard's job
Only reason to miss preseason is not being able to see fringe players earn a spot on a team.
Really liked his highlights :(
"Unless he can play TE, he was never in serious contention to make the roster."
"damn i had high hopes. hopefully this is just a work. imagine it “Pat Ricard is confirmed out after an injury in the first quarter. Huge loss for the run game, things are getting ugly. Wait, Wait what the Hell! It’s Bronson Rechsteiner! He’s running down the tunnel! Bah Gawd he’s back!"
My hopes were mad high. They have been dashed.
Practice squad?
"His college highlight will go down as one of the best highlights ever made.

Right up there with tavon Austin’s “only one” highlight video lol"
Sad
Hopefully he makes the practice squad.
I was really hoping he'd stick around as a TE/FB/H-Back hybrid. Like a poor man's Aaron Hernandez without the murders (hopefully). That was probably just wishful thinking on my part because I was a huge Steiner Brothers fan.
Wish him well but very excited to not have to hear about him anymore
"The \#Ravens released RB/FB Bronson Rechsteiner, who was a popular undrafted free agent and is the son of wrestling champ Rick Steiner.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"From ESPN's ""Projecting future Hall of Famers for all 32 NFL teams"":

 [https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/\_/id/29589146/projecting-future-hall-famers-all-32-nfl-teams#BAL](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/29589146/projecting-future-hall-famers-all-32-nfl-teams#BAL) 

> Baltimore Ravens  
>  
>**Likely (70% to 99%): S** [**Earl Thomas**](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/13251/earl-thomas-ii). He was nearly a lock after making four Pro Bowls and three first-team All-Pro nods across his first five seasons, but injuries have cost Thomas 20 games over the subsequent four years. Returning to form and earning a seventh Pro Bowl nod in his first season with the Ravens got Thomas back on track. Seymour made it to seven Pro Bowls and three All-Pro teams and hasn't made it to the Hall of Fame, but Thomas was more conspicuous at safety and was a key member of a legendary defense. I think Thomas is a prohibitive favorite to get in.  
>  
>**In the running (40% to 69%): QB** [**Lamar Jackson**](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/3916387/lamar-jackson)**, CB** [**Marcus Peters**](http://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/2578378/marcus-peters)**, K** [**Justin Tucker**](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/15683/justin-tucker). Winning an MVP in Year 2 obviously leaps Jackson into consideration on its own, but it doesn't seal it. Quarterbacks like Ken Anderson, Boomer Esiason and Steve McNair won league MVP without earning enshrinement. Jackson does an incredible job of avoiding hits and getting out of bounds, but there's naturally going to be questions about whether a quarterback can run the ball 10 times per game in the modern NFL and have a 15-year career as a starter. If he can follow in [Patrick Mahomes](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/3139477/patrick-mahomes)' footsteps and win a Super Bowl this year, Jackson will have an impeccable résumé to start his career.  
>  
>Peters might look better in the long term than he does now. Ten years after he retires, we're more likely to look at his two first-team All-Pro nods and forget those times he guessed wrong and gave up touchdowns with the Chiefs and Rams. It's tough to rack up interceptions in the modern NFL, but Peters has 27 since entering the league, nine more than any other player. He has a stronger case than you think.  
>  
>While Tucker would be the overwhelming choice as the best kicker in football, the Hall has elected just two full-time kickers in its history. [Adam Vinatieri](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/1097/adam-vinatieri) will eventually join Jan Stenerud and Morten Andersen, but those guys *averaged* 22 seasons in the league. Tucker is only nine years in, and while he can kick for a long time if he stays healthy, asking anyone in the NFL to do anything for 13 more seasons is risky.  
>  
>**Work to do (10% to 39%): RB** [**Mark Ingram**](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/13981/mark-ingram-ii)**, OT** [**Ronnie Stanley**](http://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/2980153/ronnie-stanley)**, DE** [**Calais Campbell**](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/11284/calais-campbell). Ingram wasn't very good for extended stretches of time until his fourth season in the league in New Orleans, and while he has made three Pro Bowls since, he hasn't had a top-five season in terms of production or won a Super Bowl. Stanley was a first-team All-Pro last season, which was his first serious recognition as a superstar. He could roll off a string of these nods in the years to come.  
>  
>Campbell, who turns 34 next month, is probably going to miss out, which is a shame given how good he has been. He made only two Pro Bowls with the Cardinals, which was a farce. The big deal he signed with the Jags and the subsequent 14.5-sack campaign he posted in leading them to the AFC Championship Game turned the tide, as Campbell was a first-team All-Pro and made three consecutive Pro Bowl trips with Jacksonville. Seymour has a better résumé and more Super Bowl rings and hasn't made it in, but he peaked earlier in his career; if Campbell can stay productive and win a ring or two with the Ravens, it might push him into more significant consideration.

Who would you add/remove?"
[removed]
Ingram has no chance.
High hopes for Marlon Humphrey even if he's not there yet.
"He's not a Raven, but IDK if Edelman gets in. Like he's never been a dominant WR ever. Great postseason stats is a fair argument but literally 0 Pro Bowls or All Pros so far."
"Peters is an interesting case. He’s one of the only legit ballhawks remaining in the modern NFL. At 27 years old he probably has five good years left to pad his resume, and if he wins a title it would be a big boost for him."
Tucker is a lock if he retires today FOH. Dude has the highest successful FG percentage in NFL history and has done it while averaging longer attempts than everyone close to him in percentage.
This is the same guy who says Mahomes is already a 100% lock for the hall of fame so I don’t think he’s got much credibility
Why isn't T-sizzle on this list? or is it purely players currently on the rooster?
""
""
Mark Andrews
"Watching highlights of last year is so weird. They were so good, I always just ask myself how it happened , how did we lose"
Pump it straight into my veins!!!
""
"OLB Preview with Tony Sale.  Includes:

1. The Ravens risk being Samless after 2020
2. Will the Ravens play any 4-OLB (racecar) dime in 2020?
3. Is there a dark horse to break up the top 5 OLBs (Judon, Bowser, Ferguson, McPhee, Ward) in camp?
4. Who can benefit from the arrival of Calais Campbell?"
""
""
"The rest of the league would be homing in on solutions to slow the only QB in history both to pass for 3,000 yards and rush for 1,000.
“They’re preparing for me,” Jackson replied, “but I’m preparing even more for them.”"
I love him so much
Not to be dramatic but I would die for Lamar Jackson
"Just got my Lamar jersey in black. The fucking M V P.

Its just typical Ravens fan luck that when we're finally a frontrunner with the most explosive team in the league...and shit might get canceled lmao."
"Heck of a cover, can’t wait to buy it & put it in a frame!"
Great read
[deleted]
Commenting so I can read later.
Lamar says fuck your cover jinxes! I love it. Fearless.
"I’m a simple man. I see a Lamar puff piece, I drop everything and read it"
"""Sports Illustr8ed"""
Cool to crosspost to r/nfl?
He’s a class act. I love Lamar.
Can’t wait to buy it so I’ll read the story when I do
[removed]
"I was reading about the injury to Cincinnati’s big FA CB Trae Waynes (formerly MIN) when I was stunned that his contract 3yr/42m (14m/year) is the exact same as Marcus Peters (Peters has 2 years of guaranteed money 32m vs 15m/1 year for TW). 

They were both 1st rounders in 2015, and have the exact same amount of tackles (247) but MP has 27 ints vs 7 for Waynes. 

Also, according to stats/math wiz Cynthia Freuland MP will lead the league in INTs!

EDC is the man!"
"Hated Trae Waynes coming out of college. Could run in a straight line like no one's business, but stiff as all hell in the hips."
"I remember when reading about Cincy signing Waynes a couple months ago, the talk was that they were overpaying due to the “small market” and extra cash the Bengals have to give FA’s to join their squad. I’m not sure how much of this is attributed to that, though, and how much is attributed to negotiation skills.

They also had to put an at-least-somewhat-relevant squad around Burrow so he wouldn’t start his career in a 2-14 culture. Overpaying with only one year guaranteed for a player like Waynes accomplishes that with enough flexibility to dump him if they need the cap space or if Waynes sucks. Whoever the Bengals GM is didn’t do *too* bad with that deal.

Looking at the MP deal, though — yeah, EDC has been great. Worthy deal for a worthy player."
""
Hol up
Wait... thats illegal.
My Packers vs Ravens.
"The screenshot is odds to win Super Bowl, not super bowl matchup. Those are both AFC teams"
Even thought this is unreal i'm not a fan of the superbowl talk. 9 times out of 10 its going to lead to a jinx... ask Earl
"Ravens V Chiefs super bowl! 

So crazy.. it might just work."
i put 50 on us to win it at those odds
[removed]
""
"Let’s see:

Can read defenders minds

Super strong and fast

Can turn immaterial so defenders grab nothing but air

Old soul who has been through tragedy

Loves the sands of his home

Afraid of fire?

I need more info on how he feels about bonfires but otherwise the math checks out."
""
Thanks but I'd rather he focus on more sh1t talking with Baker.
"God dammit, we’re going 8-8 now aren’t we"
Does anyone here really think we are going undefeated. I dont even want to go undefeated. Too much pressure come playoff time. Can't we just be good like 12 and 4 thats cool to me.
Bold of him to assume the league makes it to week 17
Crazy how a few years can change everything. Ravens went from the team no one talked about during the offseason to being predicted to go undefeated
"If I’m being completely honest, I love that we’re hyped this much, but people don’t realize that this roster with this schedule actually has the ability to go 16-0. We need to conquer a handful of tough games, and we always have a way of playing down to opponents, but I actually think we can do it"
If cowherd predicts the Ravens to go undefeated and then they actually do? I’m pretty convinced he would just transform into literal energy and then ascend up into the heavens. That would be the hot take version of turning water into wine.
Ya no way 16-0 is almost impossible
"I don't see this happening for 1 major reason: 

We are going to sit starters at the end of the season if we are healthy enough. 

Getting 12-14 wins and/or winning the division is going to be enough to clinch a playoff berth and more. Our last 3 opponents are Jags, Giants, and Bengals. Yes we could arguably win without major starters however you can't overlook those teams and the Bengals would love nothing more than to end a run if we're 15-0 at that point. Even when the Bengals are bad they play us tough.

LJ already has the accolades of the regular season and he's never really cared about those stats anyway. He only cares about 1 thing and that's winning a Superbowl. He would take 14-2 sitting the last 2 weeks and a Superbowl over trying to go 16-0 and risking injury in games that don't matter.

16-0 is a luxury and a meaningless stat if you don't win the Superbowl. The only scenario I can think of going 16-0 is if we're going into weeks 16/ 17 and competing with the Chiefs for the #1 seed and home field advantage for the playoffs"
I hate this clown
"If we go 16-0 and don’t win a play off game then we will never fucking hear the end of it. 
A healthy 12-4 or maybe even 13-3 is perfectly fine. 

My expectations are 10-6. I know we can do much better but I rather not get my expectations up. I believe in this team but the league can be unpredictable"
"Steelers.    7-9??
Shit Shirts 9-7??????????
Lol yeah ok"
Bandwagon
"I'd switch the Browns and Steelers records, and expect the Bengals to win a few more games. I expect we'll drop at least one or two as well - KC, and probably another team we just play badly against.

Also the season most likely won't make the full 16 weeks."
...uh oh.
"Calm your tits, Colin."
Lmao at that Bengals prediction
"i think we go 12-4 or so.  Its not uncommon for a good team to be upset, i mean last year we lost to the Browns, badly.  Shit happens.  I have zero care if we go undefeated because it dont mean shit if we dont win a playoff game"
Yeah no no way that the Steelers dip below 8-8 lol that me doe
Same mf that had us outside the top ten until week 11 last year. Entertaining but he a fn 🤡
Wasn’t he hating on Lamar big time last season? It’s amazing how two faced he is
Fuck. Feels weird being favored
Kiss of death
Too low.
Fuck Colin cowherd
"If we’re ever going to be undefeated, this is the team to do it."
I think we gonna go 15-1. We gonna lose to the Chiefs. Thats it
Im calling this as well ive posted here a few months ago we go undefeated and grab a ring this year
I’m surprised he had enough time to talk about other teams when he’s so busy blowing Russell Wilson
"As usual, he’s high."
He's just trolling Ohio
"But he doesn't really believe that. He thinks the Browns are the best value for betting on the division winners, and if he really thought we were gonna steamroll the division, there would be no reason to even think about betting on the Browns."
Major jinx
Damn right!
I don't understand where this 16-0 narrative came from.. I guess I never thought that was going to happen
"Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha

I ain't saying y'all won't get the top spot but 16 and 0 is a tad too much"
""
Well I think they want you to sign up
"I used to read the app in between workouts at the gym, but they've made it so unusable that I don't bother anymore."
"We have the best media team in the league no doubt. But man, idk who they got developing the app. It seems so unoptimized"
""
"With only a month left until the 2020 season kicks off, now seems like a good time to predict our record. I have two major predictions: the first is that no team plays a full 16-game season. Since that is depressing and not something any of us want to happen, let's look at the second: a game-by-game, weekly prediction (though I'm no expert by any means) of all 16 regular season games.

**Week 1 - vs Browns**

Ravens' three previous season openers:

2017: Ravens 20, Bengals 0.

2018: Ravens 47, Bills 3.

2019: Ravens 59, Dolphins 10.

Harbaugh knows how to prepare a team to play week 1. Now the lack of preseason games, disruptive offseason, and general uncharted territory every team has experienced these past 5 months will hurt all teams, including ours. But what kind of teams would be especially hurt by such an offseason? Teams with a brand new head coach. Like, say, the Browns. While I would expect a blowout, such wins rarely come against divisional opponents. The Browns look better than last year, if shaky, even this early.

Ravens win, 24-13. (1-0)

**Week 2 - @ Texans**

The lack (or at least severely diminished presence) of fans in stadiums means that the Home/Away difference is much less of a factor this season. Travelling still is a factor, however. Thankfully our longest distance to travel this season is only to the Central Time Zone. And this long jaunt across the nation comes early in the season before we're dinged up throughout the season. Hollywood Brown shows off his new foot for 2 TDs and over 120 yards on 10 receptions. Watson and Watt play well after an extra 3 days of rest over us, but Ravens still come out on top.

Ravens win 27-17. (2-0)

**Week 3 - vs Chiefs (MNF)**

Unfortunately, the lack of fan presence backfires against us here. We finally get the Chiefs at home, but the difference is insignificant. Jackson and Mahomes provide plenty of highlight real moments on Monday night, leading to another overtime thriller against the Chiefs. But history repeats itself, and on a 4th and 8 in the first drive of overtime, Mahomes tosses a touchdown pass to Kelce, just like we all feared he would. The new additions on defense have shown promise the last 2 weeks, but against the Chiefs we all remember this is a defense learning to gel together on the fly. Besides, it wouldn't be Ravens football if we didn't drop a game in September before ending the season strong, right?

Ravens lose 31-37 (2-1)

**Week 4 @ Washington**

Another new head coach early in the season? I'll take it. Chase Young and Terry McLaurin provide some big plays, but Haskins still struggles to get a good rhythm going. The Beltway Bowl goes our way with Peters getting a pick 6 on Washington's first drive and the defense keeping the Football Team to 2 field goals for the first half. Things are finally clicking on that side of the ball after just 4 games. In the fourth quarter Jackson sees the bench for the first time, and RGIII gets a few decent drives. JK Dobbins grinds out great yardage in the 4th, enough that fans start to call for Dobbins to take over for Ingram. A good problem to have.

Ravens win 41-12. (3-1)

**Week 5 vs Bengals**

While the Browns and Washington have trouble with consistency and mindset due to a new head coach in 2020, the Bengals have a different (but essentially the same) problem with their rookie QB Burrow. While he's already racked up wins against the Chargers and the Jags, neither of them have been blowouts. The flashes of competency and potential continue for Burrow, but Queen records 2.5 sacks on Burrow and 2 tackles for a loss on Mixon. Our draft picks no longer just show potential; they begin to pay off. RGIII makes his second 4th quarter appearance of the year.

Ravens win 30-12. (4-1)

**Week 6 @ Eagles**

The Eagles secondary looks bad, their receiver core looks suspect, but heavy rainfall turn this into a low-scoring afternoon, something neither team nor fantasy owners were expecting. The ground game looks strong but Ingram, Dobbins, and Hill/Edwards can't seem to find the end zone. The game comes down to a classic Tucker field goal with 3 minutes remaining, which he of course nails from 41 yards out in the driving wind and rain.

Ravens win 12-9 (5-1)

**Week 7 vs Steelers**

Another low scoring game, but not due to weather. Last year, the Steelers took us to overtime early in the season despite not having Ben. Whether Ben is washed at this point doesn't matter; this is a divisional Ravens-Steelers game, and both sides fight hard. Ravens win, but Jackson gets bottled up and looks flustered and vulnerable against their stout D. Talk of a repeat MVP die down for Jackson despite the win. Judon gets a strip sack and fumble recovery to seal the game up.

Ravens win 20-17 (6-1)

**Week 8 - Bye**

The bye week comes in the middle of the season, allowing us some much needed rest right when we need it. But to me, it provides an added bonus: a chance to see how our next 3 opponents have shaped up. Are the Colts contenders? Is Cam playing like he did in 2015? Was Tannehill's 2019 a fluke? Has Henry... gotten worse at all in any way even just a little ohpleaseohplease? There will be enough tape and hype around whichever of these 3 teams ends up being good for our coaches and players to adequately prepare for the gauntlet to come.

**Week 9 @ Colts**

Is Rivers past his prime or does he have a resurgence behind a great O-line? In the end, it doesn't matter. The Ravens have a bye week, and we have won out last 4 games coming out a bye. In 2019 we smashed the Patriots in prime time (who could forget), and in 2017 we shut out the Packers. While 2018 and 2016 were close, 1-score games, they were against divisional opponents. A critical interception by Humphrey keeps the ball in our hands early in the 4th and we grind out a clock-eating drive to win the game.

Ravens win 31-21 (7-1)

**Week 10 @ Patriots (SNF)**

Back-to-back away games, the second coming against the best head coach in the league, led by a quarterback who has a chip on his shoulder and something to prove. Last year's Sunday Night blowout against the Pats looms large in our minds as fans, but Belichick has something he didn't have last year: a dual-threat QB to prepare his defense for Jackson. While Cam and Lamar run very different styles, the Patriots are able to prepare for the 2019 MVP by practicing every week with the 2015 MVP, who is in the talks for comeback player of the year. It's a close one, but Bill still comes out on top.

Ravens lose 20-27 (7-2)

**Week 11 vs Titans**

I'm not going to talk about what happened the last time we played the Titans. We all know. But Tannehill's stellar 2020 season has regressed to the average. Queen and Madubuike keep Henry contained enough (not a lot, but enough) to keep the Titans from running up the score. Campbell shows he's not just a vet presence in the locker room and records his best game yet after being quiet most of the year. Dobbins finally takes over for Ingram, and while Harbaugh doesn't commit in the post-game presser, Ingram becomes our #2 to Dobbins from this point on.

Ravens win 34-20 (8-2)

**Week 12 @ Steelers (Thanksgiving)**

I hate it. You hate it. We all hate it. But playing our toughest divisional rival on a short week in their home stadium (even without fans)? This is a loss, plain and simple. Jackson is able to crack open the Steeler's Defense, but Smith-Schuster runs wild behind an Earl Thomas that had so far silenced critics all season before this game. The Steelers are suddenly only 1 game behind us, and the Browns are 1 behind them. Not much to be thankful for here tonight.

Ravens lose 27-38 (8-3)

**Week 13 vs Cowboys (TNF)**

The Ravens at this point are 0-3 in Primetime games, 8-0 on Sunday afternoons. The talk around NFL circles is that Jackson isn't just a choker in the playoffs, but that he chokes in any prime time games. That, coupled with the Cowboys as the clear runaway leaders of their division, makes the Ravens a full 7+ point underdog for the first time this season. Unfortunately for the rest of the NFL, they were wrong. Hollywood and Lamar torch their secondary while Patrick Queen catches up to Chase Young to make his case for Defensive Rookie of the Year.

Ravens win 34-20 (9-3)

**Week 14 @ Browns (MNF)**

Stefanski is the Browns' coach of the future. By this point, they've already tied their 6 wins from last season and are solidly in the race for the 6 or 7 seed of the playoffs. But the Ravens are coming off 11 days of rest, and while the Browns offense keeps cooking like they have been all season, our defense keeps the game from getting away from us. Jackson drives us to a touchdown down 1 point late in the 4th but we fail to convert the 2-pointer for the win. On the ensuing drive the Browns go 3 and out. 2:24 to go. Orlando Brown, Jr. \[or does Stanley cover that side? I legit don't know\] bottles up Garrett 1-on-1 for the final drive long enough to get past the 50 for another Tucker field goal winner as time expires.

Ravens win 30-28 (10-3)

**Week 15 vs Jaguars**

For weeks 15 and 16 I'm lumping the paragraphs together, as these two teams present similar situations. A second year quarterback on a bad team with either a new head coach (Giants) or a lack of playmakers (Jaguars). The threat of a trap game upset is always present, but the Ravens have learned not to peek ahead to next week's opponent too early and play solid, fundamentally sound football despite the weak opponent. Calais Campbell goes off on the Jags, inching closer to having his personal best season yet. Saquon Barkley is stuffed at the line all day by Queen. RGIII sees snaps in the 4th quarter both weeks.

Ravens win 42-10 (11-3)

**Week 16 vs Giants**

See above.

Ravens win 35-17 (12-3)

**Week 17 @ Bengals**

We are eyeing the 1-seed again, but even if we win this week, the Chiefs would have the tiebreaker against us. Knowing that, and that the difference between a 2- and 3-seed is so negligible, we rest our starters. And this time, Burrow puts together a game like a first-overall draft pick is expected to. We lose, but aren't too broken up by the loss.

Ravens lose 24-34 (12-4)

**Conclusion:**

I think 12-4 is a reasonably fair record for this year. We went 5-1 in 1 score games last year, and averaging back to the mean would mean 2 more losses. Additionally, sustaining such record-breaking levels of success is statistically unlikely. Having a franchise-record-breaking 14-2 (or better) season again, a record-breaking rush attack again, and a record-breaking MVP season in Jackson again is all extremely unlikely. But that *doesn't* mean we won't be successful. Having said that, what is success for this Ravens team? One thing, and one thing only:

Winning a playoff game.

It doesn't matter if we're the 1-seed having gone 16-0, or if we scrape by as the 7-seed in a paltry 8-8 season (or whatever the coronavirus-shortened-season equivalent is). If Lamar Jackson leads the Ravens to a playoff win come January, this season will be a success. If we lose our only playoff game AGAIN this season will be seen as a failure, and major changes will have to come, likely in the coordinator positions. If we don't even make the playoffs... well I'd rather the whole season just get cancelled altogether."
"I was with you until losing to the squealers on Thanksgiving, fuck that shit."
"Here are my thoughts.

Week 1- Yes, the team is often prepared the first week, and in addition, they'll probably want to avenge what happened when we hosted the Browns last year.  In addition, the fact that the Browns have a new coach should give the Ravens an advantage given the pandemic.

Week 2- Even though this is the game where we travel the farthest, along with the Texans having a few extra days to prepare, this should be a win since I don't see the Texans as good as they were last year.  And just like OP said, home field advantage won't be a huge factor this year due to the pandemic.

Week 3- Now that I think of it, because of how there won't be many fans due to the pandemic, I think the Chiefs will beat us again unfortunately.  It should be a close game and a fun one to watch though.

Week 4- The Washington team now has Chase Young, but he didn't have much time to prepare due to the pandemic, and like the Browns, they have a new coach.  We should win this one regardless.

Week 5- Like Chase Young, Joe Burrow didn't have much time prepare, but he's 2-0 in preseason so far as OP mentioned.  Given how much we improved our defense, we should be able to contain Burrow, and I see it as a win.

Week 6- Eagles are an unpredictable team.  This could be a loss for us.  Enough said.

Week 7- I agree that this will be a close battle with us coming out on top.

Week 8- Bye

Week 9- We always come out strong after the bye.  This should be a win for us regardless of how well Rivers does next season.  The pandemic could have a huge affect on him as well.

Week 10- Brady may not be on the Patriots anymore, but they still have Belichick.  In addition, the Pats have home field advantage, although like I said, home field advantage may not be too much of a help due to the pandemic.  I think it will all depend on how Newton does, and I have this game as a toss up.  Again, we'll see how much the pandemic affects Newton.

Week 11- The only thing I have to say about our previous match with the Titans is how unbelievable it was that some folks thought that Tucker was even deserving of blame for that loss and wouldn't respond when I asked them why.  (For the record, following my nine day suspension on this aforementioned matter, I asked the mods if I could at least mention this subject in threads that were not started by me, and they said I could).  In regards to our upcoming game against them, I'm sure the Ravens will want to avenge what happened previously, and our defensive additions should be a huge help, as well as the receivers we drafted.

Week 12- Unfortunately, I see it being a loss.  Not only we travel to Pittsburgh a few days after our last game, but our last game was an important one for us due to what I just explained above.

Week 13- I see this being an exciting game.  I think we'll come out on top, but it could go either way.

Week 14- I think this game will be close, and we could lose that one.  Simple as that.

Week 15 and Week 16- No excuses to lose both those games.

Week 17- I don't see Harbaugh resting our starters given what it led to last time.  Despite that, the season ending in Cincinnati means trouble, and I can see Burrow continuing that trouble for us.

Playoff Game- Heads seriously will roll if we go one and out again, even if our record isn't as good as last years which is likely.  If we do, unfortunately, lose in the first round again, I seriously hope fans won't believe that even Tucker was deserving of blame this time around given that he presumably does his job well just like he did against the Titans.  And if several fans once again thought that Tucker even deserved blame sadly, then I hope they'll at least respond when I ask them why, simple as that."
""
"This is a place to discuss the Ravens, not to advertise the football cards you're selling."
"Just a friendly reminder, we got more for hayden hurst (3rd string (unproven) te), than the steeler got for antonio brown."
"Well Hurst was still young, rookie contract, and wasn’t a head case. Brown wanted a brand new contract that reset the WR market, was on the back end of their prime, and the dude was a major headache"
"Unpopular opinion I still want him, if he's mentally stable and would except a low deal with minimum cap casualty if he does go awol. I really wanna see Myles Boykin have a break out year, but if we sign AB I see less opportunity for Proche, Duvernay, and Boykin so I'm honestly on the fence and will be happy with what ever EDC decides."
""
God they really never fall down. Its amazing!
Name those three QBs.
Derek Anderson?
"Flacco, Tyrod, Lamar.

Edit: Actually Flacco never played in the Pro Bowl. But turned one down, IIRC?"
Sam Koch must be one
"Derek Anderson, Tyrod Taylor, and Lamar

Originally thought Flacco, then realized it wouldn't make sense to make the time frame ""since 2005"" if all were draft since 2008. I always forget Flacco never actually made one"
"Lamar, Tyrod, Derek Anderson"
Ik lamar and tyrod but im blanking on the third
""
3rd one has Lamar looking like a RoboCop
"https://i.redd.it/u0gr1025fva51.jpg 

Someone posted this a while ago and it has been my background since

Edit thanks /u/jbwest31"
[deleted]
Homeboy can’t handle the liquor
"He may be drunk, but he is 0% wrong."
Uhh it’s a Wednesday
Use your words
Purple bois good!
Grow up OP!
Donny...
Jeel Scott szn
[deleted]
I could just barely see Gene Hackman and Keanu from the stands. It was a weird experience lol
""
Spam account
""
How come this isn't a roll Justice Hill could fill? Is he just not good at catching punts?
"Interesting addition, but I’m guessing he’s gone from the final 53 if Hill/Duvernay prove they can handle KR and Proche shows he can handle PR"
Blockbuster
I can’t find the contract details anywhere.  Has anyone found them?
"I hope this guy doesn’t make the roster unfortunately, much rather have Justice, Proche, Hollywood, Snead, or some secondary player return kicks and punts"
"I’m a noob but since we have 4 rbs I think hill will get the least time, I want him to punt return some"
Now we can do 5 RB sets.  This is good
"I think the Reigning NFL MVP has a chip on his shoulder and will continue to wreack havoc on the NFL.

Please take a look at my thoughts. My goal is not to post or Spam you all. I enjoy conversations with all fan bases and would love to have a discussion. I live in Maryland so watching Jackson and the ravens is  always a joy.

&#x200B;

 [https://tothehizzy.com/2020/08/12/lamar-jackson-trust-or-bust/](https://tothehizzy.com/2020/08/12/lamar-jackson-trust-or-bust/) 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/i8e9e0)"
Big trust? Homie I think you mean BIG TRUZZ
Only bill polian voted that he'd be a bust.
Who tf said bust?? Real talk tho guys don’t have a season like Lamar and then become busts. I hope we play next season cuz mark my words he’s gonna come out and shock the whole league again
[deleted]
""
"clearly he is a terrible passer, is deep left rating is only 61.5. \*insert medoicre QB here\* has a 62.8 rating when throwing deep left.  The Ravens should covert him to a WR."
“iTs beCaUse oF tHe rUn gAme”
"I honestly want people to keep saying that and to keep doubting him because we all know it pisses Lamar off and makes him work even harder. Obviously players in the league respect him, as they voted him number 1 in top 100, but all the arm chair fans on social media and the media in general... just keep adding fuel to his fire."
"The other day I saw a post by someone saying that they don't trust Lamar as a passer because he threw too many touchdowns instead of ""real throws"" and throwing in the red zone is easier. 

Either a troll, or the dumbest of dumbasses posted that; I wish I could find it."
Wow why didn’t we trade everything to draft Burrow this year we clearly are in need of a rebuild
"What’s funny is that his deep right is better than his deep left, but his mid left is better than his mid right. Not that it means anything it’s just interesting to see."
"Love Lamar! Because of the stigma that’s been attached to him, he’s going to have to have another year like last to solidify himself as a passer. He will though because that’s the MVP. FTC"
Wait til this season. He’s surely seen this and we all know our boy loves to focus on weaknesses. Few promising new receivers and he should be a bigger threat in the deep balls outside the numbers
I am hoping that Hollywood and Miles can take our deep sideline game to the next level. It's awesome to know that Lamar could be better than last year.
"I'm honestly really tired of this shit.

Get over the victim complex he's won MVP, 1st team all pro and was the #1 rated player by his peers.

He's fucking good guys, can we stop acting like we have a chip on our collective shoulder cause morons on r/nfl say he's an RB three years ago?"
Yes but did you see the pro bowl challenge?? \s
Even 2 of the 3 “within average” spots are technically better than average
he’S a gLoRiFiEd rUnNiNg bAcK
How tall is Lamar? This seems like a very similar to spread to that of a short QB
"With Flacco at least we had to be creative and deep with our arguments. Lamar was unanimous MVP, I don’t get mad at haters because they are just saying stuff to get a reaction or they’re just pure haters."
Where's u/Nation523 when you need him?
HiS TeAm Is StAcKeD....
Damn no wonder all his doubters are constantly being proven right and made to look really smart and knowledgable
as a Steelers fan im glad that we will be stepping out of the spotlight for awhile cuz people always have high expectations for us. Its weird for me to root for both teams considering the history but at least i aint a browns fan XD
I’d like to see it on more than 400 attempts but still impressive
"This is more of an appreciation post. Positive vibes only 💪. I think wink is an amazing coach. While I hope he stays with us as long as possible....I understand that he inevitably will get a HC job, which he 100% deserves. He would do well in the NFC North, I predict the bears next year."
"He has been a massive improvement over Pees. Hyper aggressive, deceptive, and great at snap management. I wish he could stay as our DC forever, but yeah he is destined for a head coaching job at some point. Even more reason to enjoy this year"
I have nothing but respect for both of Baltimore's coordinators for staying put knowing that this team has something special instead of running to the first head coaching jobs available to them
"I just wanted to write this because of all of the corrosive comments I've been seeing on NFL posts on instagram and reddit to a lesser extent. 

Both of these cities' fan bases are extremely fortunate, and I think we need to be grateful that two small-market teams have such exciting players and story lines. I need to remind myself that every time I see hateful, unwarranted trash on Lamar-featured articles/posts. I'm glad I haven't seen anything coming from the Ravens supporters bashing other teams and players, and I hope I'm not just missing it. And for that I thank you all. 

Stay classy, Baltimore"
Both franchises have been through their fair share of greatness and rough patches so even with a good team you have a deeper appreciation for the sport not just the winning culture.
Yeah I just have no hate in my heart for KC. I reserve it all for the Steelers and the Pats. And the Yankees. F the Steelers!
"I think the greatest thing for our relationship is that Lamar Jackson and Patrick Mahomes are so different. They can both the best at what they do without fans needing to argue.

Baltimore openly says Mahomes is the best passer in the history of football and I'm sure Kansas City has no qualms declaring Lamar Jackson the most electric dual-threat quarterback of all time."
No matter what happens I really can’t see us developing a rivalry with kc like we have with any of our divisional rivals or the pats. Hell we probably have a bigger rivalry with the titans tbh. Mahomes is too likable of a player and Andy Reid is likable as well.
"Just found out the Ravens have their own dedicated Ravens channel on Roku. Shows highlights, press conferences, live events, etc.  Also, the Ravens will be having daily live coverage of practices starting Aug 17th! So yall should download if you have Roku and haven't already"
Awesome! Thanks for sharing
noice!
That's awesome. Appreciate the info!
Thank you for sharing! I had no clue. Have to check it out.
I hate Roku but this is still cool. Do other teams do it?
"is this similar to the AppleTV Ravens Channel/App ?  


OK, Aug 17th for practices/training camp. I was wondering where this was on AppleTV ."
No way
""
damnit I thought I threw away all my onions. not sure what's making my eyes so red right now
Baltimore is blessed to have Zrebiec
Thanks for sharing. Amazing story for an amazing young man.
I’m scared to read it. I’m a 29 year old man and cried like a little baby the day Mo passed. Ugh
R.I.P Mo
I balled while reading this. I haven’t read a more heartbreaking story in my entire life. A beautiful soul.
"Very sad story, Baltimore will keep him strong though"
We ALL could learn a lot from this kid.
Mo was one fifth the size of me but he was still ten times the man I’ll ever be.
"I was moping around a bit today, no reason in particular, but reading this article made me take account for what really matters and snapped me out of my funk. RIP Mo your spirit will be felt in Baltimore for generations to come"
I’m having surgery tomorrow and although this made me cry it help me to reflect on the courage Mo had and the insignificance of my own personal situation. I listened to Mo over the last several years on the radio and when I try to explain to others the amazing person he was it always fall short. This article really captures Mo and why he was so special. I feel blessed to have known Mo and the message he brought us. Forever MoStrong!
Link to listen to The Big Mo Show: [https://www.radio.com/1057thefan/blogs/low-down-with-jeremy-conn/the-big-mo-gaba-show-on-1057-the-fan](https://www.radio.com/1057thefan/blogs/low-down-with-jeremy-conn/the-big-mo-gaba-show-on-1057-the-fan)
Took me a lot more then the second you mention. But well worth the read! thanks for sharing.
Andddd the bowl full of diced onions magically reappeared back in my room. Thanks a lot OP.
"The picture of the sky that night, the story behind it has me shook to the core."
Couldn’t read it. Saw the pic of Mo and I almost cried. RIP little man.
"But, you know, COVID had to fuck up everyones everything and the tickets to the game got cancelled and refunded.  


Decided to not cancel the trip and we're still going to be in Baltimore, downtown. Where's a good place nearby to catch the game?"
"By yourself in your hotel room.

Don’t be stupid, stay home"
Federal Hill bars
""
Is that the joker?
i want this to be our future so bad. cmon deshon i’m rooting for you
Green Dot Chuck
""
Good for Tim.
I love how much or fan base follows former players and wishes them well
[deleted]
Clowney still out there 👀
Only 3 million guaranteed which is crazy.
"That front 7 is gonna be a problem. 

Tank Lawrence, Gerald McCoy, Tyrone Crawford, Aldon Smith, Jaylon Smith, LVE and now Griffen. 

Hollywood better be ready to blow past that secondary because between them and Philly those are two fronts we’re gonna see some tough sledding against. 

Not saying we won’t win, just saying those are the two defenses that I think will give us the most trouble"
Can this sub just accept it’s unlikely we will sign him and with good reason. The fact he is still available speaks volumes.
"Damn that's pretty cheap.

Maybe this brings down the cost of Clowney? Haven't heard his name in months but would still be down to get him, especially for that price and if he's been working out"
I liked the idea of Griffin when Clowney signed elsewhere. Wonder if the FO thought he’d be out-of-position here....
""
Brandon Williams is a very large human being. Campbell absolutely dwarfs him though.
Calais is a unit and a half
[deleted]
My god let this season happen...
"Being a Jaguars fan, this still hurts. But, I've happened to meet Calais a good few times. The man is such a kind person, and I'm happy that he joined you guys and has a good chance getting a ring. Hope he is as impactful on and off the field for you as he was for us."
"Opponents beware, opponents beware. They're coming they're coming. They'll save children but not the Steeler children"
"Wolfe was one of my favorites with us, wish him the best with you guys"
"Calais is so fucking big bro, like not even normal big or even abnormal big. He's fucking anomaly big. If he was a gladiator in ancient rome there'd be statues of him, he's that big. He's taller then the average NBA player while still being more jacked then most NFL players. He's a different species big."
How it always should’ve been
CC goin to win DPOTY 💫
"God damn, BWill look like a Big Ben bar victim"
Judon and whoever plays the other edge are going to eat with that kind of stuffage. I’m hoping Queen does well in coverage and whoever plays second ILB(Harrisron hopefully) can get off blocks and stuff the run too. This defense is really well put. I haven’t been this excited for our defense in a while. Can’t believe we got Wolfe for cheap and Campbell for a 5th. This is going to be the most raven-est defense since Ray and Ed retired.
90s kids on the block
Masks? Distancing?
""
It's a beautiful addition to the [Legendary Ravens Logos Collection](https://imgur.com/emmQUqx)
Truzz friends.
The footbirds!
Blertimore Footbirds!
That's no bird. That's a fish!!
It looks a little like a Pokémon
CRABCAKES AND FOOTBALL
lol
Just wanted to say that
Soon...
Closest thing we got is Hard Knocks
the nfl gamepass is free through the 31st. i watched the rams game last night with a massive grin on my face
[deleted]
""
"Ravens 2020 RB preview with Vas Lericos including:

1. The most important step or JK Dobbins
2. What does the Dobbins pick tell us about Ingram's future in Baltimore?
3. Gus Edwards consistency in contrast  with consensus fantasy projections
4. How is Justice Hill most likely to see the field?"
""
""
"Because it is a steal for Kittle. Kittle is Andrews and Boyle combined, but does everything better than those 2.  
I could see Andrews getting 11-13 a year"
"For years the Ravens have had a revolving door at TE's. We won't pay Mark anywhere near what those guys are making. For one, he's not on their level (yet), and two, our money needs to go elsewhere first. A lot of his success comes from Lamar and the running game."
Idk but they will back the brinks truck up for Ronnie Stanley though
"Honestly from a team building standpoint I don't think we resign him, the ravens have been able to find productive tight ends fairly easily over the years.

I think the money would be better spend on Ronnie, Humphrey, Orlando, and lamar.

Were also going to need to find a replacement for bwill and earl soon so we don't really have the money for luxuries"
"We'll worry about it after the 2021 season. Andrews is good but he doesn't take over games like Kittle and isn't anywhere near the animal of a blocker that Kittle is. 

I'd give Andrews a healthy amount of guaranteed money and around $10-12m per year. Anything more and we should let him walk.

It's not that we wouldn't be able to afford him. We're in the best cap shape we've ever been in as a franchise. We will already have 56 players under contract going into 2021 offseason and $70m in cap room. A testament to DeCosta accumulating a ton of draft picks and those picks being good enough to stay on the roster. I just don't value TE enough to pay one more than most WR and OL. 

The main contracts that will eat into that will be re-signing Stanley and extending Orlando Brown. Humphrey already has a cap # of $10m that year, so an extension for him wouldn't increase his cap # that much. We won't have to worry about big cap hits for Lamar and his extension until 2023 at the earliest.

Depending on how their 2020 seasons go, we could move on from Mark Ingram ($5m), and Brandon Williams ($9.5m) to create a total of $14.5m more cap room if we really needed to in 2021."
"I think Andrews is actually a bit underrated. Inflated TD numbers don't mean his production elsewhere hasn't been great, he's also sneaky fast and is at least a B+ blocker.   


That said our ability to draft serviceable to great TEs consistently means we won't pay him come time because he'll be due more than we'd want to pay."
"I think everyone is seriously overrating how much Andrews will get paid on his next contract. He's not even comparable to Kittle who is arguably a top 25 player in the league regardless of position. Players use accolades as leverage for their contract negotiations and I don't see him taking 1st team All Pro from Kelce as long as he's around. Also it feels like teams tend to hold onto elite tight ends (Kittle Kelce Ertz Gronk in recent years)

Idk maybe it's just wishful thinking on my part. Andrews seems like the real deal and I'd love to see him stick around. Andrews and Hollywood are basically the Kelce and Tyreek Hill for Lamar."
"Everyone here talking like good receiving Tight Ends are a dime a dozen like running backs but theres only been like 10 really good ones in the last 15 years.

If you have the money you resign Andrews no question. He was the most important receiver on our team last year, and he thrives in the areas where Lamar is best throwing to."
"If Andrews takes a big leap this season, we probably end up in the Kelce/Kittle discussion but we're not there yet.  I don't think we can afford him at 12-15 million with other priorities.  

I wouldn't have to be the one making these big money decisions the next few years, there's some really tough calls there.  I'm confident they'll make the right and well informed decisions but we're likely going to lose some really good players."
""
Man he missed out on a lot of money and ultimately killed his career.
But he was mentally prepared to join the Saints?
And you still aren’t. See ya later!
Dez is drama. Fuck drama.
"Dez hasn't played a game since 2017, hasn't been an actual top receiver since 2014, and isn't even on a team right now but it feels like this sub brings him snubbing the Ravens up at least once per month."
We don't need your bum ass Dez.  Stay home.
k
Thanks Dez. Your lack of mental preparedness sure saved us a lot of physical and financial pain.
"He was prepared to not play with Joe Flacco, lets call a spade a spade, cause he frolicked right to New Orleans when they offered him money."
Jokes on you Dez lmao
"
Never liked him. 

unpopular opinion:  

I'd take AB over dez any day."
""
Lets hope they fizzle out like the rams did
Gotta pay Ronnie and Marlon first
I love Andrews but he is not on the same level as Kittle and Kelce. He might get there this year tho.
"Kittle and Kelce are a few steps above the rest of the leagues tight ends.  They are the true elite among the TE’s at the moment.  Andrews is top 5 sure, but the gap between the top 2 and the rest is big."
Kelce got just paid like Kittle.
Because Mahomes's contract has a very small cap hit for the first few years of his contract. They're really not paying him the big money just yet.
"People also praised the Raiders when they paid a bunch of players after their one good season a few years ago, people praised the Eagles and Howie Roseman when they started handing out extensions and FA contract in spite of little cap space, people praised the Rams for extending all their SB pieces.

Not saying it's going to work out that way for the Chiefs, they are in a better position to handle it, but people are so short sighted. When Mahomes cap number kicks up in a year or two and they're still stuck paying all these massive deals, they're completely screwed.

As far as Andrews goes, I doubt we're extending him two years early before Stanley and Humphrey have gotten their deals. There's no reason for him to be a priority right now."
[deleted]
Is there a reason why we haven’t been getting much news out of training camp? Like usually around this time we get daily highlights or news and notes about how the players are adjusting to camp/what shape they’re in/plays their making but i haven’t seen much yet. I was assuming maybe they’re not allowing media there but there’s plenty of pictures and some highlights but there’s usually a lot more in depth stuff coming from the ravens/Baltimore sun.
"Pads don’t come on until monday, not much to report until then"
"Nothing of note has happened yet. Still padless, individual drills right now, not a ton going on, just your basic conditioning at the start of training camp."
no news is the best news this time of year
"Apparently we get a new digital show this year since there won't be any outside people at training camp which sounds pretty cool. 

https://twitter.com/frntofficesport/status/1294040218539040772?s=19"
We cut Camp years ago man
I just wanted to put it out there now. Because in 3 yrs the whole world will be on my bandwagon.
I feel pretty prepared to say Mahomes is the best quarterback I’ve ever seen. I 100% think we’re now a better *team* than KC
"Mahomes is a better quarterback, Lamar is a better athlete."
"I love Lamar, he's incredible, but he's not better than Mahomes. And that's okay, he doesn't need to be."
Faith in our QB yessirrrr
I’ve got faith in our qb 100% the best in the league
Fuck the Steelers.
"I agree, he's an incredible player, off pure talent alone I think he's better because he can single-handedly score and become the offense. I think Mahomes definitely benefits more-so from Tyreke Hill and Travis Kelce. Also, Mahomes inherited a pretty solid foundation already set by Alex Smith and Andy Reid. The Ravens are still building the foundation for Jackson, because it was pretty shaky with Flacco (although it's pretty much complete, just hoping the DLine pans out and Miles Boykin/Hollywood make the jump)."
lamar jackson is the only player i’ve  actually watch all his games (college and pro) ever. i still remember exactly where i was when i saw him get drafted. i got his jersey asap and even got to wear it to his first pre season start ever!
Lamar/Mahomes = Peyton/Brady of this decade? LET'S GO! So happy to be part of this ride.
Lamar Jackson will go down as one of the all time greats. Truzz
Lamar Jackson
It’s Mahomes there’s no question about it
You smoking something ?
Yes.
"No, it's Mahomes"
Facts
I love it when he gets something like a number 5 rating. Please keep underestimating Lamar. Powerful stuff.
"The players agreed with you, so you have a good case."
I think that Wilson and mahomes are both better qbs. Just because they are able to make throws and manage a game better than Lamar imo. However Lamar is 1000% the better athlete and in a few years could become a much more developed passer and could be number 1
Facts. Let KC fans get mad the players chose the list and Lamar is #1
Besides mahomes obviously
Lol.
📠
"Patrick Mahomes II is hands down the best Quarterback in the NFL.  


Lamar Jackson is a top 5 Quarterback and a top 5 Running Back in the NFL"
""
"Jason Woolbert and I compare our lists of the top 15 UDFAs in Ravens history:

1. Will the Ravens go without a UDFA on the initial roster in 2020 with the limited offseason?
2. It's a crowded list of underappreciated players and difficult to rank.  Tell us where we missed.
3. Does the Ravens relative success with UDFA and ILBs drafted after round 1 mean the team should conserve draft capital on the position?
4. We discuss AV as a measure of value and the the potential to undervalue special temas players and situational pass defenders (both pass rushers and dimebacks)"
Always looking forward to these podcasts. You da man!
"I was just thinking about Cory Redding and Corey Graham today and how they were such studs for us in the clutch. I’m curious who my fellow flock rocks with. 

Shoutout: 
Calais Campbell and Marcus Peters are gonna murder offenses this year."
Daryl Smith
Justin Forsett would be up there on my list
"Josh Bynes. Made the Super Bowl final tackle and did a ton to shore up the defense last year. 

Pernell McPhee always produced for us."
Jim Leonhard
"I'm going to say Jarrett Johnson.  Remember [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2DVuMBpRiU) play?  Suck it, Hines.  

Jim Leonhard is right up there though.  That forced fumble in the 2008 playoffs was legendary, and while he wasn't Jacoby, he was a solid punt returner.  

I also loved Jameel McClain.  He just seemed to make so many impact plays for us.  I really thought that he was going to be the guy after Ray Lewis left, not Ray obviously, but that he'd shine in the space that Ray left open.  He was never the same after that spinal injury, and then the Ravens drafted CJ Mosley.  He had a decent year in 2014 with the Giants, but I think that if not for an unfortunate injury, he could have been one of those guys like Bart Scott that turns in a pretty good career."
"Corey Graham, Cory Redding, Jared Johnson, Daryl Smith, and Jim Leonard are all great choices.

Would Vonta Leach count?"
A lot of good suggestions already so I'll add Ryan Mallett to the list for securing the sweep over the Steelers during our worst season all decade.
Ravens legend Rod Woodson
Kelly Gregg
Does Will Hill count? I loved watching him hit the fuck out of people and [this](https://youtu.be/Y1w5TEKFXrU) is still one of my favorite tackles ever. Too bad he couldn’t stay off the weeeeeeduh
I got half a mind to say derrick mason at this point
"Dawan Landry. Fantastic complement to Ed Reed, and was arguably a better overall player than his little brother despite Laron being the better physical specimen."
"Favorite past 'Unsung Hero' type player: Chad Williams #49 from 2002 – 2005 (nicknamed 'Pound For Pound' by Rex Ryan, who proclaimed him the best in the league for his size/stature). Chad always seemed to be around the ball, hence coming up with clutch plays on both defense & ST. He played SS & LB (even started at LB once in 2005, due to injury depletion of LB Corps), besides being a ST standout. 

However, most frequently he was an awesome — yet often overlooked & underappreciated — Dime DB, a la Anthony Levine of present-day. Granted, I believe Chad was a bit more of a 'Ball Hawk' than Levine, but they are still quite comparable in every sense! Both fit the bill of what Adalius Thomas once equated himself as: \[Paraphrase\] ""In the NFL, there are stars and there are role players. I consider myself a star role player."""
Does Peter Boulware count?
seeing dallas clark in purple was fucking weird
Edwin Mulitalo
Chris Carr comes to mind alot. He was a good Slot Corner.
"Gonna throw a dark horse in here and say Bernard Pollard. Dude was a battering ram in Baltimore. Blew up multiple Patriots with clean, hard hits.  Too bad he's spewing straight up unintelligible drivel about Lamar and the Ravens lately. His retirement takes are blasphemous nonsense."
[deleted]
""
Awesome picture. How was sitting in the dark for all that time?
Happy cake day brother!
Happy cake day! Fuck the steelers
"Hey, I was there too! Lol

Happy cake day"
NICE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy cake day!
Happy cake day!! I was there and what a glorious day it was!
""
Your wife needs to buy you a jersey every year
Nice! I bought that same one on Fanatics! It's coming today. Now I'll have Lamar black jersey and Lamar color rush! Can't wait to wear it!
"Also I did order a Lamar jersey last season but it never shipped and then my order got cancelled, so I'm using that as our excuse for losing in the playoffs. Season or not I'm wearing this every Sunday!"
YESSIRRR!!!! LET’s GO!!
"belee dat, bro!"
Very nice jersey
Sex?
""
This is only if Hogan approves it though
At some point you have to question the profitability with such a small attendance.
"Ravens are going to have Jeremy Maclin, Clarence Moore, Breshad Perriman, Travis Taylor, and Demetrius Williams in attendance because they know they can’t catch anything in Baltimore."
"Welp, seeing as how I'm just getting over Covid it'll be nice to know I can go to games without worrying about catching it."
If you go to a game this season that means you have to be 10x as loud
Well atleast there will be a little bit of fans. Must feel weird having a whole ass stadium empty with no cheers or noise.
Edit: Post below informed me that there's no tailgating with these procedures.
[deleted]
"Whenever Tucker misses a field goal I punt the wife's Chihuahua down the hill. He shakes whenever Tucker lines up for a kick, which I beleive brings him good luck."
"My mom and I aren't allowed to be in the same house, every time we watch something together regardless of teams playing the least favorable outcomes happen.

Examples: 
- Patriots superbowls against Seahawks and Falcons.
- Broncos, Panthers, she's a huge Cam fan.
- THAT AFC championship game. 

We spent the entire 2012-13 playoff run in diff houses."
"Here’s a couple: ...

-Jersey has to be on before the start of the game

-The purple Ed Reed jersey (my first jersey ever) should be worn on all big games

-If we win, the jersey must carry the juju to the next week. 
If a win streak occurs, the jersey cannot be washed (kind of gross)

-I don’t start talking trash about any team we’re playing until the game is pretty much sealed to avoid bad Juju

-my sister (a Steelers fan) and I must watch the two games together."
I always inject PCP into my dick right at halftime
"Damn, you really went 12 weeks without washing that shirt"
"Don't eat ribs when we play KC

Don't eat chili when playing Cinci

Don't eat clam chowder vs. New England

Don't drink coffee if playing Seattle

Don't take a shit during the Browns game"
No ketchup on game day.
I just don’t bet on my team as a rule of thumb. Missed out on a 40:1 odds for Lamar as MVP. Probably for the better I didn’t.
"Have to do a big workout the day of the game before kickoff. If they are going to work hard enough to win I gotta put in the work too.

Never wear ravens gear the day of a big game, it’s always backfired. T shirt and jeans."
Just wear a jersey.  Game day active only.
"Slurpees.

Our first Super Bowl season, when I was nine, my family started getting Slurpees before the Ravens games. To this day it just feels weird not having one at kickoff."
I wont place gameday bets on the team. Even just past midnight is a nope
"Nope, don’t believe in them 🤟😎Tru💤💤"
"Almost the same, cousin and I wear tank tops under our jerseys and only wash them when ravens lose.  We were at titans game and while we were all upset my wife turned and looked at me and said ...”I’m sorry, but if there is a silver lining you’ll finally wash that damn tank top”.   I can’t wait to wash it again in February 2021..."
[deleted]
Same socks every game day can’t change from the fluffy purple and black
Gotta go to church on Sunday.  For some reason it feels like it helps!
Wear a jersey and my hat before kickoff. Never goes well if I'm late
Last year's playoff loss was the only game I went to watch at my parents house. They had a bunch of food like a superbowl party. None of them nor their friends are big in to football and they just kept talking and asking the dumbest questions ever the entire time. I was miserable. Not doing that again.
[deleted]
"Look, I think we should just let our players do the talking. I don’t see why people are annoyed about the chiefs, they just won the sb, they are the best team until they aren’t. Shit talking them is pretty pointless. Mahommes is undeniably amazing. He has the highest patter rating of any qb in nfl history, nfl has no easy games"
"I wouldn’t call our  division a  particularly easy one, I think our division is going to be the first to send all 4 teams to the playoffs, agree with everything else"
No body sleeping on a 14-2 team
The Ravens have never had a chance to play the Chiefs at home. That changes in 2020.
They are going to be a thorn in our side for quite some time.  Get used to the idea of crucial hard fought games with them.
""
I wish they would use that alt logo more. I found a vector file of it if anyone wants it.
Looks awesome!
You get an A for effort.  I make cornhole boards often. If you want some advice I would be happy to provide some guidance on getting the logo right.
2020 has been a grade A asshole. Got to witness my soccer team get absolutely decimated again today in UCL. Could really use some Ravens football to take my mind off things. Really hope this is our year and we can bring another Lombardi home for the franchise.
"Being originally from Portland, I’m having a p good time with the blazers rn"
You really h8-2 see it
wE rE nOt GoNnA hAve A sEaSoN........
We'd be into preseason right now. I so wish we could have that.
"I’m probably the minority but I don’t want it to come back. Baseball has been a shit show with all the players catching it and breaking the rules if they’re infected. I would hate for one of our stating players to catch it then have to miss a ton of time. 
  
  
  
Also, let’s go Bayern!"
"O, your poor Barcelona team lost? They have dominated for ages lol. Did you bandwagon them or are you from there? Otherwise color me not sorry for you lol."
""
"Fun fact: we've outscored the Dolphins 137-16 in our last 3 matchups against them.

2016: W 38-6

2017: W 40-0

2019: W 59-10"
"The ravens YouTube channel has the franchise top 25 full games in a playlist, I believe the Miami game is #24. 

Nfl game pass might still be running their free promo but I'm not sure"
Isn’t game pass still free
""
You left your email in the post!
Sad ravens noises
How hard it is not eat a bat smh
"Wow, forgot about the Flying B helmets
Some good memories there even at 4-12!"
Vinny Testaverde...
[deleted]
"I don't know who any of those musicians are. I probably wouldn't know any of Lamar's picks, though, either."
No Kodak Black you know Lamar had exactly Zero to do with this soundtrack curation.
He only listens to Kodak
I wish Madden still had the feature that let you use the NFL films music.
"Well I certainly know which musical demographic they are going for, and it ain’t mine"
""
"I expected players on the cards.  Like Ray Lewis as King, etc."
"The priced jumped to 5 bucks, but shittsburg is 1.49"
""
"Stimulus check, well spent!"
I miss these pro bowl jerseys. Absolute 🔥
"Damn, im jealous. Back when these jerseys were worth buying"
"Damn that's beautiful, I'd get a shadow box and throw that bitch right up on my wall"
"Congrats!


E D Reed boy.  Best safety you ever seen boy!"
Now spend $400 and get the Ray Lewis one on eBay
""
Someones gonna have to walk thats the way the salary cap works
"Lamar, stanley, and humphrey. If we can somehow retain those three then I think we’ll be okay."
"I feel like we're boned by these players getting mega deals and the salary cap potentially dropping next season. Players will want big money when we will have a tighter budget 

I will say that we have the advantage of waiting to see what the cap looks like before signing deals. If the cap doesn't see meaningful growth over the next two years or so, we have the option to backload until the spike should occur. 

A lot of these teams are going to be screwed by these megadeals within the next year or two, and it'll be restructure city. KC is lining up to be a great example of that."
"Players who’s contracts expire after this season.

- Ronnie Stanley
- Matthew Judon
- Willie Snead
- Morgan Cox
- Tyus Bowser 
- Robert Griffin III
- Jimmy Smith
- Derek Wolfe
- Matt Skura
- Anthony Levine
- Chris Board
- Chris Moore 
- Pernell McPhee
- DJ Fluker
- Justin Ellis
- Jihad Ward
- Jordan Richards 
- Will Holden
- Gus Edwards
- Antoine Wesley
- Nick Moore
- Charles Scarff 
- Aaron Adeoye 
- Terrell Bonds
- Parker Ehinger"
Annoying fantasy question from a tourist. Do the Ravens cut Ingram after this year?  $1.3M in dead cap vs $5M base for 2021.
"No way Andrews gets Kittle money. Hollywood is no Michael Thomas. They are fantastic young players, but get real. They are not tops in their position group. No one is paying a TE not named Kittle 15 mil. Kelce included. The saints would get Hollywood, a 1st and a 3rd for Thomas. And that is with his existing monster contract."
"Watching the Cheifs make all these moves, presumably just Printing money down there in KC, kinda gives me hope that we'll be able to keep more guys than we think we can. Seriously I have no idea how they managed to get everyone paid.b"
""
We went from so much uncertainty with Joe Flacco in 2018 barely squeezing into the playoffs on a play by CJ. to absolutely dominating almost every team we had to play last season. That’s honestly a 360 turn around in less than a year. We’re going to be a top 5 team in the NFL for the next 10 years if our FO and team keeps this up.
"What makes Seahawks the second best NFL front office in 2020 ? 

My impression was that they repeatedly muffed top draft picks and have failed to support Wilson (esp OLine) in recent seasons."
It's good to be a Ravens fan from Toronto
"Guys, i know exactly what you’re talking about. But please, can you tell the others who might not what the “front office” is? They have heard of it before, but would appreciate a refresher."
Makes sense considering [this man is our GM](https://i.imgur.com/dE9V9SM.png)
"You guys are so fortunate. I’m guessing my Generic NFL Team (Washington) is ranked 13,672nd lol."
As they should
Also wild that Harbs has been coaching the Ravens for 50% of their existence. Such a stable organization
The Lakers found a way to get LeBron and Anthony Davis on the same team I feel like they should at least get an honorable mention even though I am biased
This is why it’s ridiculous to consider our FO signing Antonio Brown lol. We’re too well run to make those kinds of decisions.
Raps and Ravens in the top 5. Fucking love to see it.
"Ayyyyee I got two teams on here, Ravens and Celtics. Let's gooooo"
Duh.
The Penguins? Seriously?
"I'm confused by the header. Does this mean the best as of 2020, or does it mean the best if you only consider 2020?"
"Weird to not see the San Antonio Spurs in this list. Although the Team missed Playoffs for the first time in the last 22-years, it proves how well that Organization is ran, how stable that Franchise is."
It surprises me that the Los Angeles Dodgers didn’t make this list. Their front office has been getting diamonds for turds for a few years consistently.
lol @ the seahawks being on here after their last two drafts. Probably just because they made a splashy move for Jamal Adams.
"Wait, your team president's name is Dick Ass???...and you're giving us several hundred pounds of tendies??? Call off the voting boys, we got our number 1."
Thunder?
I see they ignored European Football again because Liverpool should be on top with the Ravens.
[deleted]
""
It amazes me how you can do all that damage to your knee and than come back within a year. Hopefully his knee is strong and isn’t at high risk for re injury.
Awwww yeah. Help strengthen that interior OL.
Lets just win the fucking super bowl already!!!!!!!!!! Start the season!!!
I want to find my post about how he would be back and everyone said no way. Medicine has come a long way. Super excited.
"What will our O line look like? Will skura start at C? 
Obviously Ronnie and Orlando are given."
"Do we really want a guy like this that isn’t fully committed ? The fact that he didn’t also tear
his LCL makes me wonder if he’s really 100% focused."
Is the physical test the same as the Ravens conditioning test?
"I think (barring an injury on the line) either Skura or Mekari gets traded before the season. We’ve got a starting 5 with one of them winning the center job and likely Fluker at RG. We’ve then got Powers, Tyre Phillips and Ben Bredeson. Assuming we carry 9 I think Parker Ehringer May he the 9th if we can get trade value for Skura or Mekari."
Knees are overrated anyways
He's a tough young man with a supportive family! Good for him and good for us!
Hallelujah
""
I’ve been looking everywhere for that SI and nobody has it in stock yet
Can you imagine the Ravens not drafting Lamar? Look at Flacco now. Who would be our QB? Harbaugh probably would have been fired at some point. So many things could have happened if we didn’t replace Flacco. Its crazy how all it took was one team to draft Lamar at any point in the first round and we’d be a completely different and probably mediocre team.
From Kentucky. Also a lifelong Louisville fan
"My neighbor in Seattle, knowing of my love for all things Ravens, gifted me his copy of SI with Lamar on the cover once he finished reading the articles"
He can only really go up from here!
"Well, Michael Jordan happened all over again my friend. That's the only explanation to the amazing talent that is Lamar Jackson."
He got those Singletary eyes in that Louisville photo
"I've never seen or been a part of any fanbase that's so united in their reverence and support for one man. 

I really feel like Lamar truly has the entire city of Baltimore and the entire Ravens' fanbase behind him in a way that I've never personally seen before.

This kid is fucking special and I'm so proud to call him my QB."
Ikr
i need to put that SI cover on my wall
Difference in ball security 👀
.
[deleted]
Walmart has some
""
"Might I suggest Dave & Adam's.

Edit: they claim to be always buying"
"This is probably not what you want to hear, but realistically these have been selling for $100-250 with a COA on eBay. FWIW you can check the sold listings to get an idea of what stuff sells for"
eBay
I’ll give you bout tree fiddy
Look into facebook groups that allow you to auction off. I used to belong to a group called Razztastic. It allowed me to sell and buy a lot of collectibles. Lots of fun but it ended making me spend way too much money. Message me if you want more info on how it works
"I don't know much about autographs and COAs, but, Lamar's signature looks Hella easy to forge lol"
""
Absolutely fantastic video. Anyone who saw the Bart Scott sack on Ben live will never forget that moment. Rex Ryan at DC was so special.
Bro 06 and 19 are the best teams we have ever had and we have a total of 0 playoff wins with them
Probably my fav Ravens season capped off with the worst loss for me in Ravens history.
"""His chest will never be the same after I run through him, he will never understand what I'm about to do to him""

Wise words from Sugar"
"In my view, the 2006 defense was the greatest defense the Ravens have ever fielded, with due respect to the 2000 squad."
That defense was so fun to  watch.
Our two best seasons ended in one and done. Fucking brutal
[deleted]
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ib37db)"
I sincerely hope they don't think their QB whose coming off a major elbow surgery and is almost 40 is going to guide them to the promiseland
Shocking the ravens win this poll in the ravens subreddit.
And the winner... by unaaaaaaaaaaanimous decision!!
How disruptive will covid be? Could really throw a wild card into who is good and who isn’t
"https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Episode-59-Ravens-Season-Prediction-eic5d8

My predictions"
You are clearly trying to farm karma downvoted.
[deleted]
We got 2 rogues in here
"Just reminding yall that the Ravens are streaming practices live starting tomorrow at 9am. You can watch on their website, facebook, youtube, and their apps(including Roku and Apple TV). Also, this will be the first padded practice of the year!"
Let's go!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Can't wait!
Literally the only thing that’s getting me up early this summer.
6am here in the west coast.. hope we can watch them after!
"Does anyone know how the practices will look? I.e. will it be game practice, just WRs running routes, catching practice for DBs, etc?"
""
"Dan Rees presents his entry into the SIS analytics competition and applies some information gleaned to the Ravens.  Included:

1. This is a lengthy analytics-heavy study of DL results by tech meant to be watched as a video, not as a podcast alone.
2. Dan and the other participants were asked 3 questions about the defensive line and provided the same data for the last 9 weeks of the 2019 season.
3. Dan analyzed variance in result by play to investigate the question and takes us through an interesting methodology path.
4. Included are slides on the 2019 Ravens specifically which underscore some of Martindale's defensive choices, including (for example) just how often Brandon Williams played out of position (other than a 0 or 1 tech).
5. He also includes information to analyze contributions by players who lined up at the LoS versus the run and pass which are illuminating.

Slides specific to the 2019 Ravens can be found at:

20:30--Ravens players at the LoS by tech

58:30--Ravens play at the LoS ranked by play leverage

1:16:00--How the Ravens rushed the passer (or dropped to coverage) by where players lined up at the LoS--Underscores Bowser/Judon flexibility and use of simulated pressure

1:32:00--Another measure of run defense impact for 2020 Ravens defenders at the LoS that indicates Calais Campbell should be a huge addition."
""
"Hollywood and Ferguson are the obious candidates and what most of us are hoping for I guess.

More plausible I think would be Andrews simply because of how many more snaps he will play along with the added production, and Bowser because he has more experience than Ferguson and is in a contract year.

I'd love to see one of our young interior OL (Powers, Bozeman, Zuttah) break out in a big way and become an all pro or something"
I expect Hollywood on offense and Ferguson on defense to be significantly better. Thoughts?
For offense I'll say that this is the year Orlando Brown Jr makes the jump from pretty good to elite RT. For defense I'll go with Brandon Williams because he's moving back to his natural position at NT.
"I expect Hollywood. But I’d love to see Skura go all pro. That man has dedication and our line wasn’t the same without him last year.

Marcus Peters is set to absolutely dominate in the Ball Hawk department this year. More nonscheme pass rushing will produce a lot more picks. Judon will also benefit from not being the only one penetrating and he wants to prove he’s worth the big money."
"I’m gonna try and skip the obvious ones. So I think two potential dark horse candidates are Skura and Clark. 


As we know, Skura just had a baby and is coming into a contract year. Never underestimate the motivation of someone fighting to provide for his family. Also, it seemed like he was starting to put everything together last year before the injury. As long as he doesn’t suffer any lingering effects from his injury (big if) I think he breaks out this year. He might not be pro bowl status, but anything close would be huge.


Clark kind of broke out last year, but I think he’s due for a major step forward this year. He had only played in about 300 defensive snaps going into last year. He more than doubled that in 2019. They threw a lot at him last year after TJ went down. He was thrust into the starting position and carried the green dot for most of the remaining year and he thrived in those roles. Going into this year, he has a full season of reps under his belt and if they keep the green dot on him, it should be more natural. I think he pushes for a pro bowl spot this year."
Tbh the whole defense should take a step bc of how stacked they are now
"Offense: Hollywood 

Defense: Clark"
"Clark and Ferguson have the most room to grow.  Given his late season emergence, I'll go with Clark locking down the S long term.

On Offense, it has to be Hollywood. 1k+ or bust IMO."
DevDuv and JuiceMan
"Hey Ravens nation, Saints fan here. I’m stopping by to see if anyone can help me with choosing a Lamar Jackson jersey for my son’s upcoming birthday? He is a huge Ravens fan. I was thinking about getting him the limited version in black. I know Nike makes their limited jerseys fit true to size and he usually wears a men’s Large in shirts. With that being said, should I go a size up and get him an XL or stick with his usual size? Thanks for any advice or feedback."
Size up is generally better so you can wear things under it. Up here in BMore we need to be able to have a sweatshirt or a jacket under our jersey when going to the game or being outside.
My gf got me size small which is my size for my birthday and it fits great except the arms. Idk why they still make the arms like we are wearing pads when we wear these jerseys.
"Personally I think baggier jerseys look better anyway, so that's something to consider."
"Definitely size up, just in case he wants to wear a hoodie under it. Baggier jerseys look better anyway."
Go a size up. Gotta be able to wear a hoodie/jacket underneath it. Black is always a good choice. They seem to be wearing the black jerseys more often during prime time games.
Generally a size up with jerseys is the way to go
"If you're a Saints fan do a little digging, there is a limited edition Lamar jersey out there that is all gold with a purple number 8"
"Stream [on Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e29VGMUKzMI)

I'm so desperate for football! Who are you most excited to see?"
"Controversial but I am excited to watch Lamar throw footballs to his receivers and tight ends, personally"
EVERYBODY I AM EXCITED TO SEE EVEN THE BALL
So happy to see Skura out there.
Fluker looks like a giant out there
"Let us pray 🙏

Dear football gods first I want to thank you for allowing us to have football, I pray you place hands of protection over the Baltimore Ravens so that we can play our best football and being honor and glory to our city in your name. I pray you clean Lamar Jackson's mind and bless his knees so that he may lead us to the promise land. In your name I pray, Amen."
What? That's it?
This is a pretty good production so far. I thought it was just going to be a static camera live streaming the field
It goes without saying this practice is incredibly important to our season. Every single minute of it is crucial and determining for our success in 2020
"Happy to see Skura, but I wish we got to see more of the players tbh. Also what was with Ryan mink getting so much flak from the other guy on camera (totally blanking on his name lol)"
"Goddammit I wish these guys would stfu and just let us watch the players. 

With that said, d-line lookin meaty"
""
Probably just DeCosta doing his homework for Covid insurance
No risk in bringing a guy in for a workout. I trust the organization with whatever decision they make on this one.
"I wanted this guy back during his draft. I think it was the Patriots that traded back with the Cowboys two picks ahead of us to grab him. I think he matures differently as a part of our organization as compared to the Cowboys, but I'd still take him over AB right now. 

AB coming into our locker room creates a lot of problems."
Maybe they don’t like what they see with our WR’s? I’m wondering what his role would be here.
"I think I prefer AB, better player same drama"
[deleted]
I don't think Dez would be an off field issue. Good veteran presence and may be able to take some off the attention off our TE and Lamar
Aren’t we already stacked at WR? I know this has been in the works for a while but I do wonder what kind of role Dez would bring into the team
[deleted]
"Hey guys! I was cleaning out some clothes that don't fit me anymore and I have this gear I found. I was gonna sell them off locally but if anyone is interested, shoot me a pm. The left is a long sleeve large dri fit. Jersey is also large, maybe wore it twice. Hat is an old adjustable I used to wear for work. (All from the NFL shop)"
""
[deleted]
""
did we change the font for our jersey numbers??? or are these just practice jerseys?
"Unfortunately, won't be able to wear it in a game."
Seriously not happy with corporate logos on the jerseys.
Dawg
"Is there a stream or video of the practice? I'm like halfway through the 30 min ""Training Camp Live Day One"" video and it's just been reporters talking about the draft class and other signings, haven't seen any fucking football yet. Is this all it's supposed to be? I was expecting to be shown like a scrimmage or something? Wtf?"
Love this nickname
is...is he sporting emojiis on that jersey???
23 days or so till kick off boys SO EXCITED
Anywhere to get these jerseys?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stanfield
My name is my name
"hey, i have the same mask!"
Blance Armstrong
Marlo.
""
"Wouldn’t mind, low risk, somewhat high reward. And I know a bunch of people are pissy because he didn’t want to play with Flacco a few years ago but I’ll take a vet red zone threat that helps the team."
People complain about ab not playing since 2018 but dez has been out a year longer and hasnt produced at a high level since 2014. Rather see the young guys get touches
Thats a hell yeah from me boss
Prob cheaper than AB
"I’m surprised it took this long, honestly. Dez was supposed to be a raven from the start but Dallas jumped us that year in the draft the pick prior.


Edit: I’ll take this over AB coming anywhere near the team."
"Not a fan, we have a bunch of young WR that have a chance to grow with Lamar, I saw give them a chance.  Dez relied on his speed and athleticism too much and as he got older, he couldn't perform as well.  Never really worked on his route running enough until it was too late.  This isn't like picking up Mason, Boldin or Smith.  All of them were still producing when we picked them up."
It’s really hard to believe we’d pull him out of the grave considering his last couple years. I’d go AB over him for our offense.
"Felt like we were pretty good at WR before this. If they sign him, it's going to take away time from guys like Proche and Boykin."
"I'm down with it. Hed make a decent compliment as WR2 to Hollywood. 

Plus as a veteran hes got some valuable input for those up and coming rookies. Especially the more physical guys like Boykin and Proche. 

The only downside is if hes let his game slip. Hes not been on the field in what, 2 seasons? Itll be interesting to see if he can play with the same intensity. 

The ravens have a history of getting the best out of aging veterans. Boldin (my personal favorite), Steve Smith, Snead to an extent. I think its worth the gamble if he doesnt demand the bank."
""
Active leader for consecutive defensive starts is currently available just sayin
Let’s go get Carr man. Always loved him
"Is it time to bring back carr?? Always liked the dude, especially last season."
[deleted]
This kid can’t catch a break.
I guess Averett is going to make the team now.
"\#Ravens coach John Harbaugh said CB Iman Marshall suffered a major knee injury yesterday, and I’m told he tore several ligaments including the ACL. Surgery coming for the 2019 fourth rounder. He’ll miss this season, but has time to recover for 2021.

***

posted by [@RapSheet](https://twitter.com/RapSheet)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Still waiting on that sweet Trojan-Raven connection as a big fan of both programs.

Yeah, there was Shareece Wright for a hot minute but we didn’t draft him."
""
"Oh god, keep going..."
My heart dropped when I started reading man its injury season
Inject this shit right into my veins
I hope this says more about him and less about the state of our line.
O-line better step it up.
"Ravens first-round pick Patrick Queen sliced through the line to get into the backfield on the first full-team drill. His speed -- as well as the speed of the entire Baltimore defense -- jumps out at you.

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"So who’s winning these drills? Our “dynamic, explosive, unstoppable” offense or our “slicing, speedy, impenetrable” defense?"
"what I infer: ""The offensive line is a sieve""

training camp is weird."
Nice! Keep it up
Hahahah he’s gonna be a beast wtf EDC
God damn I love this guy already maybe we’ll finally be able to guard TEs for once
I watched the video the Ravens YouTube put out today.  I missed the live steam.  Does anyone know where you can watch the livestream footage now?
Yep he looks very fast excited that we drafted him
Looking forward to seeing him play. The guys signed off the scrap heap did an admiral job last season at ILB but it's going to be nice having some top-flight talent back at the position.
""
"Honestly how do you stop our team?  You gotta match up man to man and beat us at everything.  Otherwise we run all over you and crush you when you have the ball.  Anything less than #1 Offence, Defense, and Special Teams is underperforming.  We are too fucking good to not get that Lombardi."
Is it taboo to restitch my fake Ray Rice Jersey I won at a boardwalk in New Jersey into a Dobbins jersey? Don't ask why I've kept it for this long
"Inb4 the ""packs a punch"" cliché"
Im going to be thinking of Rice so much this year I already know. Hey diddle diddle Ray Rice up the middle! 😤
"Just don’t be Ray Rice off the field, please"
"I really think the only way any team can beat us is if they have they have the father, the son, and the Holy Spirit blessing them on every down."
Man September 13th can't come soon enough!
I had a dream recently that J.K. Dobbins turned out to be a terrible pick. Hopefully this isn’t prophetic.
"Ravens second-round pick J.K. Dobbins is explosive when getting the ball in his hands. He gets to the edges fast and hard.

It's difficult to see No. 27 running with the ball and not think of Ray Rice.

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Hype train 🚂 in full effect lol
As long as he stays away from elevators
"Lamar is all about the fans and LOVES to play the game. Has a passion and fire to win each and every game he plays. So in my opinion we looking at the future face of football, I don’t really care about the boy in KC."
I am hoping he is the Jordan of Football personally
I think between him Russ Mahomes and Watson football has a bright future of guys that will grow the game
"I kind of hope not. As much as I loved Griffey as a kid, he always seemed to be hurt. His is a career where people are left saying, ""What if?"" I don't want that for Lamar, even if I did love Griffey."
""
"Dez Bryant will likely not be the only wide receiver that the Ravens will be working out.

With Chris Moore (broken finger) sidelined for a few weeks, the Ravens will need to sign a wide receiver for depth purposes. Moore is also a core special teams player.

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
fuck the seasons over cinnamon man is hurt :(
""
I wish Lamar threw a tighter spiral thats really the only critique I have on him
The long ball was functional but it looked so ugly.
"Hoping to see more of this connection. Snead was that guy for Flacco on any 3rd and long and I feel like Snead always delivered. Once Lamar stepped in, I felt Snead was targeted less but I’m sure they just needed some more chemistry."
"Always been rooting for snead, was so excited when we snagged him 2 yrs ago and he's always been solid for us, would love to see him make some more plays and shut the haters up"
"Nice play on both sides there, Jackson fitting it between two defenders where only Snead can get it and Snead making the adjustment to bring it down.

Trying to figure out who was defending there, going frame by frame it's \#31 UDFA Khalil Dorsey covering Snead and I think the safety is \#26 Geno Stone, but it's difficult to say for sure if it's him, might actually be \#28 Jordan Richards. Both of them were in good position too, was not an easy pitch/catch at all."
Feed. The. Snead.
Nice adjustment by Snead
Unpopular opinion: the requirement for tight spirals is rooted in systemic racism
"I'm not very creative so I'm hoping for some help. With all of our new additions to the roster, has anyone come up with any good names for a fantasy team? Last year I was 'Way Down Yanda' and well, I won. In previous years I had been Wacco for Flacco, Flaccoroni and Cheese, and Sweet Baby Ray Rice. Who's got one that hasn't been done before?"
"Hakuna Ma Ngata was always my go to. 

Lamarvel Cinematic Universe (might be too long) 

Bad Mother Tucker (always good) 

Dude, Where’s Lamar"
Baskin Dobbins
Just stick with Way Down Yanda since you won your league with that name last year. Yanda is a Raven for life and future HOF so no reason to change it if you don’t want to. Me and probably 20 other people here have used Suggs to be You for more than 15 years now. I still used it last year and will probably keep using it even though he’s not with us anymore because I’ll always consider him a Raven.
"Dobbins is a Free Elf

Lights Camera Jackson"
"Need for Snead

Peters Paul and Mary"
"E.T.'s Phone Hoes (sorry Earl)

The Lamarkuise Ingdrews

The Queen in the North"
Flaccoholics Anonymous
"I did quite well last year with ""Lamar Morghulis""."
King of Queens
Bone Suggs-n-Harmony has been my fantasy name for the past 5 years now
"I used to always be Ball So Hard, but when Suggs left I went to  Yippee Ki Yay Justin Tucker"
"Lamar the Merrier

View from Lamar

Ingram Toe Nails"
Unleash the Flaccn
""
"Oh no. Last time they picked us not only did it not go very well, it went very badly."
Where can I buy this?
Got mine at Barnes and Noble. Framed it!
[deleted]
"They’ve been following him forever, Dez has been very outspoken about how high he is on the Ravens since they got Lamar"
Nice try but that aint new
See you guys in the Super Bowl.
Him and Ray have been close for a minute I'm not surprised
"NGL I've been responding to every Dez comment on the Ravens with ""coulda shoulda been here at the start of it 🤷🏼‍♂️"" . I wonder if he ever reads it and goes ""damn yup"".

He missed out on 13 million he coulda made the last 2 years and we never know what Dez woulda brought us in those playoffs. Couldn't be worse than Crabtree."
""
Dez is not officially signed. He is coming for a workout and hasn’t played football in 2+ years. Nothing is a garauntee
"Right player, right price. If he's realistic enough to take a prove it deal and fight for a roster spot, then why not. If he wants something more then he has a poor understanding of how not playing for three years can affect your chances."
"First and foremost Dez is coming for a workout..... FAR from a ""signing""....

With that being said, Dez hasn't played a full season of football in nearly 5 seasons (4calender years), last time he was in the league he was average at best and his body was breaking down..
Does not sound like a good move on paper.... 

What Dez could bring is a solid pass catcher, who battles for catches and could teach the young group something , if he's motivated and focused... 

On this team he won't be the star, he possibly is humbled by his last few years out of the league and maybe he knows this is his possibly his last chance ..."
"Even if he could play, there is not one thing out there that indicates that his personality which was a cancer in the room in Dallas has changed.  If it had, the Cowboys would have resigned him on a prove it deal, so would other teams that are in worse WR shape than us.  I live in Dallas and this guy will be bad news on a team like ours where everyone seems pretty tight with each other.  Why not take a look, but this is definitely buyer beware territory for EDC."
"Some blunt criticism - This is the most annoying youtube vid I've listened to in a while. Sounded like you recorded this screaming random thoughts about it into your phone. Plan your content out in advance, pace yourself, and get a better mic

As for Dez - If he passes w/e test the Ravens put him through, I'd throw him a 2-3 year deal rather than a 1 year. Offer him a little more money with the option to cut him if it doesn't work out. That way if he does ball out year 1 we still have him for a couple more."
How do you guys like your WRs now? You satisfied?
"1 year, prove-it deal? Hell yeah. At the very least, he can teach Boykin, and at the most he's a damn Pro-Bowler."
"I was hoping to purchase the Raven's historic 2019 regular season on dvd or blu-ray, including a franchise-record 14 wins, the number 1 time of possession in NFL history, the number 5 points per drive in NFL history, the most rushing yards for a quarterback in NFL history, an unpredictable blitz-happy ""ameoba"" defense, and a number of deafening ""MVP"" chants at away games, but I can't seem to find this product anywhere online? Does anyone in my precious r/ravens sub know of a way I could own or at least stream all of the 2019 games?"
"I think NFL.com is offering Gamepass for free during covid. It has games going back to like 2010 and most NFL games/shows.

Edit: * until the 31st I thought it was longer. Sorry for the misinformation."
"Here's the NFL's full games playlist for 2019-20. You'll need a vpn based out of the country to view/download the games, because NFL has not released most of them for viewing in the US.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_5766RKThA&list=PLM3kzHl4rphJrd6Ow0w7HGQ-krqPYs9kh

Edit: I use 4K Video Downloader to download. Need a bigger drive to get every game."
"Idk maybe it was just a difference in expectations. I was hoping to see some of the newbies catchin balls, some Dobbins runs/drills. *Something*. Instead, Evan and Ryan talked for like 20 minutes, some commercials made me hungry, and I left feeling like I somehow got less football than before."
Yeah it was pretty lackluster. I was expecting a video feed of the field showing the drills. Not reporters talking on video 90% of the time.
Same. I really enjoyed watching the first 5 mins though where it showed EDC calling the rookies on draft night and seeing them get all giddy as they realized they were about to be drafted
Not surprised. Even when they let people attend in person they're *very* strict about no phones out. They'll reprimand and toss your ass quick. 0 chance they were going to livestream anything substantiative at all.
I definitely expected it to be longer. I tuned in a few minutes late and it felt like it was over before it even really started.
Does anyone know how the refs blow their whistles with masks on?
"I don’t think there is too much they can (want to) show. Teams like to keep their privacy. 

However, I was expecting more than that. I mean, it wasn’t really anything except a chat with Evan and Mink. 

Maybe it will get better as camp gets into the swing of things, it was the first episode after all."
Yeah I especially like the part where they were like everyone voted to see the WR who they then showed for about 15 seconds before talking about the offensive line.
[deleted]
Proche done messed up.
""
"Yeah, there have been quite a few discussions in the past about the qb practice jerseys. They use to sell the red qb practice jersey on some of those chinese jersey sites, sucks there hasn’t been the new one popping up anywhere. The purple with no edge looks super clean"
"So the question I have is...

Did the DJ get fired after that?"
"I saw this AskReddit feed asking: What are you STILL salty about? All I could think of was football and the Ravens. The first thing that jumped to my mind was TO screwing up the trade to Baltimore. 

[link to the story](www.baltimorebeatdown.com/platform/amp/2014/3/26/5549712/throwback-thursday-terrell-owens-is-traded-to-the-ravens) 

We had him. Not even like that time when the Bills had AB for a day, we had TO’s the trade on paper. I know TO ain’t for everyone, but I thought the Ravens could have use his antics for the best to get under the skin of the AFC North. After TO purposefully nixed the trade I started to get pissed. No, not mad at TO, I’m still salty about KYLE fucking BOLLER. Who would want to catch passes from that guy?"
I'm still salty we had to open the season with road game in Denver after winning the Super Bowl.
I'm still salty about Lee Evans and Billy Cundiff. Those sons of bitches
"4th and 12. Wtf was that, like actually. Can’t believe the Bills made the playoffs just to get bounced instantly in a year we could have actually upset a few teams"
The Antonio Brown reach on Xmas. The sheer arrogance to throw an inside slant with 9 seconds and no timeouts left.
Lee Evans and 4th and 12
"I'll never get over 2006. Our defense held Prime Payton Manning to 15 points which were all field goals, despite our offense turning it over 4 fucking times. Todd heap played the worst game of his career and we refused to feed Jamal who averaged like 4 or 5 ypc that game.

Nothing will top that game for me. Ed had 2 picks and literally would have had 2 more if Ray Lewis didn't deflect it both times in front of him. Most dominant defensive performance I've ever seen wasted because our offense forgot to get off the bus.

We roll through the Patriots and Bears of we beat the Colts, sigh.."
Besides the obvious answers kiko alonso fuck him
chris Moore against the browns.. but most of all billy cundiff.
"Hmmm The 2015 or 2016 loss to NE, I was so pissed -watching the game at my cousin’s  house who’s a Pats fan...."
The Pats 16-0 season where we had them beat but fat f\*ck Rex Ryan called a time out
I'm still salty we traded Anquan Boldin for a fucking 6th rounder in a salary dump. Him and Steve Smith Sr. would have been such a cool duo (though we might not have realistically got SSr if we still had Anquan)
Mike Tomlin for thinking about tackling Jacoby and fucking that up
"Billy Cundiff, Lee Evans, Boyd on 4th and 12 (with Steelers fans cheering), the AB reach, Kiko's dirty hit on Flacco, Trading Boldin, Flacco disappearing once he got paid

And Dez Bryant not wanting to play for us. We don't need you. I'd rather roll with all our speedy slot guys"
""
I wish my girl loved me like belichick loves Ed Reed.
"Maybe I heard wrong, but I heard that multiple times Belichick tried to negotiate trades with the Ravens FO for Reed?"
Platonic Love.
""
Lamar said he’s gonna break some long ones this year 👀
Dude is literally having the time of his life out there.
H.Y.P.E.
Omggggg what a guy lolol I can’t wait
Lamar gave the rookie his first taste and had Queen running full speed the wrong way in that last clip
"Nice, none of that slow-mo."
[deleted]
"Hey Redditors. My name is Andrew Gillis and I'm starting my second year covering the Ravens for NBC Sports Washington (I also cover the Orioles, too). I joined mid-training camp last year, so I jumped right into a wild season, for sure. 

I should've thought of this last year (alas) but I figured this would be a good place to reach out and see what kind of stories you all would like to read, or stories that you think demand some attention. This year will be very different from what we're all used to, as every interview will be conducted over Zoom and open locker rooms for media availabilities won't be an option for us. It should be an interesting season, both on and off the field, and I'm looking forward to it. I hope you all are as well. 

Let me know what you all are thinking. Would love to hear from you. 

Give me a shout: [Andrew.gillis@nbcuni.com](mailto:Andrew.gillis@nbcuni.com), or on Twitter @ Andrew\_Gillis70"
"Stories on how the rookies are doing in this challenging off-season, Maybe stories on players who are looking like fringe and their progress.   


Examples: 

Jaleel Scott, Justin Ellis etc."
Andrew is a great reporter. Y’all should read him
Can you find out if Steve Bisciotti is a chicken tenders connoisseur for us?
"I think a lot of people would be very interested in reading a series of in-depth interviews with veterans who have played on other teams. Getting their POV on the Ravens culture, their first impressions, how it differed from where they came from, etc etc.

Give the fans an idea of what it would be like to join the Ravens, but from the unique perspective of pros who have been around the block and can say what makes the Ravens unique.

Each article could spotlight one player who has joined the team in the last year or two. I think this would make a really cool series."
Council intrigue
I'm just curious how aware the players are of this sub and its memes.
"I know it’s kind of overstated but maybe a dive into the different protocols the ravens have put in place for the virus? 

another idea would be to see what the youngins tyus bowser and Jaylon Ferguson have done to better themselves going into this season, especially with the strange circumstances."
I want to know why the coaching staff didn't trust Gus Edwards in the playoffs last year.
"We are inundated with analysis and projections and 'is So and So the real deal?'

You want to stand out? Tell me who the Ravens are. Give me stories about their lives. Give me a reason to love each and every one of them.

Tell me about their community programs, and tell me how to support/participate in them. Give me more off-the-field reporting.

And reach out to former Ravens players as well. Matt Stover just recently made a twitter account - get in touch and find out what he's got going on with his charities. Where's Tony Siragusa right now? And for God's sake, tell me Billy Cundiff is doing okay. I'll never stop feeling bad for the guy.

And reach beyond the players. Give me more stories about the nutritionist who is actively and currently extending whole careers with her work. Tell me about the guy who paints the end zone. Give me the stories that nobody else is giving me."
"I'd like to know what the Organization has planned for community outreach this season. The Ravens have always been top notch with charity and giving back to the community each year. School visits, food drives, volunteering during the holidays, and so on. With the pandemic shutting down large gatherings and public events, how are the Ravens planning to adapt or change how they reach out to the community?"
"I think it would be interesting to read about the depth that the front office is creating due to possible complications with covid and how closely that talent can replicate the starters. Obviously in an ideal world, it's avoided, but it seems like the best teams this year may be the ones who keep a stacked bench and practice squad to fill in when quarantine strikes."
"Two questions: 

1) Patrick Queen is widely considered undersized for an ILB, even though everyone seems to agree he makes up for it with his speed (modern day NFL, yadda yadda yadda). Ask the coaching staff and FO if how last year's defense played out - regarding the ILB role often being played by a DB like Levine or Elliott on obvious passing downs - gave them confidence that a LB with Queen's size could flourish in the middle of the defense.

2) The Pro Bowl-level chemistry between Lamar and Mark Andrews is well-documented. However, with TEs becoming evermore important in NFL offenses, how are these 2 stars working to get on the same level of Mahomes and Kelce, Garappolo (sp?) and Kittle, and Brady and Gronk? And how will their relationship continue to shape the offense as a whole?"
"This is probably really self-centered but I want to hear about other fans and fan communities around Baltimore and how people are engaging NFL fandom this year. I’m normally up there every game, at various different paid and private tailgates, on Ravens road trips with various different fan groups, and seeing my whole Ravens crew of friends, family, tailgate friends, etc.

This year, ever since the team sent the email cancelling season tickets, I’ve felt like the fans have been totally cut off. Almost total radio silence from the team. And of course I get the team has their own shit to deal with, but it just feels like everything concerning the fans has completely evaporated.

I’m probably gonna try to tailgate some games even if I’m not allowed in the stadium. But going to Ravens games in Baltimore and abroad is usually the central part of my fall every year, and it’s gonna be totally different now. I want to know what others like me are up to in this insane situation.

(Maybe this sort of soft interest thing isn’t your bag, in which case carry on.  Thanks!)"
"What was our staff thinking during the playoff game. I’d like to see the coaches talk about their decisions and why they did what they did. 

(This is coming from someone who thought the play calls and decisions were below average in the game)"
I'd love to see Ravens players mukbang after a workout.
This title sounds like the Ravens beat up a reporter lol.
Updates on any possibility of having any fans at games?
Let’s podcast together
"Hey Andrew, what about the different drills that players do during training camps and what they're intended to accomplish?"
"More personal stories from the players and staff, their roads to where they are now. Interviews with former Ravens reminiscing on their time."
"C'mon man... join in the threads and you'll see whats going in. You want a bunch of rando's from the web to give you a bunch of rando opinions, then you make a post like this... Defeated before you started."
""
"This hyped me up, let’s go Ravens!"
Im gonna need that audio file for my alarm thanks
is there a direct video link to this?
Best team my ass. Go Chiefs!
Wouldnt expect anything less corny
""
"My guess is he’s on the short list. 

Can’t imagine he hasn’t gotten calls this offseason from other teams but I’m sure he’s holding out to play for a contender. 

Aka us. 

I imagine he’ll be brought in soon. Makes too much sense not to"
Reunite B Carr and Dez 😂
""
👀👀👀
Saw switzer play in high school. He’s a top 10 athlete of all time in the state of West Virginia. Best high school talent I’ve ever seen.
"My pick, Tyus Bowser solely due to his versatility. I'd say Matt Judon but I'd argue that man has already broken out with 9.5 sacks and doing everything possible on defense. However, Tyus Bowser has the opportunity to be our feature pass-rusher next year if he takes that leap. He's got the power and speed to pull 15+ sacks if we dedicate him to that role. Plus he has the talents to play zone, and make plays when necessary.

HM to Hollywood for being the future of our offense.

What does everyone else think?"
Jaylon Ferguson
"Ferg or whoever plays RG. Only unproven spot on D is opposite judon and edge defending was our achilles last year. As fun as they are, receivers dont matter too much in our offense but our RG sure as hell will bc we are a right-handed running team and there's bound to be some fall off from yanda"
If Deshon Elliot or Miles Boykin pan out we are going to be really solid.. if they both step up leagues fucked..
"Tyus Bowser with 15+ sacks? lol. 

Really though, I think it'll be Ferguson. I think he'll likely be in that starting role opposite Judon, and with the overall additions to defense, he should be a little more free to do his thing. 

I'd like to say Boykins, but his drops will continue to plague him. We've had plenty of guys that were tall, fast, and could jump, and most all of them failed because they weren't reliable catching the ball. I see Duvernay and Proche moving past him during the year."
"This question is so fun because the Ravens have soo many answers at the moment. Not only do we have a ton of great players, but a ton of young players with potential. At wr literally all of then are young (even snead who is often forgotten) and are all still getting better. Any of them taking a big step that would big big for our offence. Anyone at rg stepping up would be huge (fluker would get us a comp pick if he leaves, rest of the competition we have for a while for cheap). Elliot stepping up would basically mean our safety position is ok if we have to move on from Thomas for contract reasons, and either Ferguson or Bowser stepping up would benefit us the same way as the rg competition. This isn’t even mentioning the ilb group, d-line, or rb group which all have high potential rookies. We are in a great spot if even few of those I mentioned happen. If I had to pick one though, Hollywood, because I want to see Lamar throw bombs for years to a true #1 wr. Ferguson would likely benefit the team the most though"
"Ben powers, miles boykin probably my top two"
"Id pick Bowser, Ferg or any guard."
Bowser
""
Queen is HUGE
Who thinks dobbins will become a RB1/2?
That's a very manly way to help someone put on his sleeved gloves! (Sorry couldn't help it)
"Also, does anyone know when his workout is set for?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ibug8w)"
Literally a 500 yard season and 5 TDs without a game losing drop is a good addition to our roster if he can do that.
"I don’t see why not we’re relying on rookies mostly and Willie Snead, I get Hollywood is about to break out but bruh id love to see dez especially if he plays like he did"
"Picking up an old receiver seems like a very 2015 ravens move. 

No thanks, we’re in a new era now."
"Ppl suggesting the 1 yr deal are gonna be the same that hate on a guy that would play well and leave. The Ravens FO isn't dumb, for a player with a lot to prove coming back they'll demand a return on their investment if he still has something in the tank in the form of a multi year deal with incentives for the player to earn more but also options for the team to cut them early. No idea what the specifics of the previous offer the Ravens put on the table but probably something similar.

To OP - PS? Seriously? Dez Bryant is going to be on our practice squad? What a joke."
I don't see any reason to not want him on a one year deal
"The reason I don’t want him is because we have a lot of young receivers with good potential on the team already. He fits the same physical mold that boykin does so I don’t really see a way they both get on the field at the same time. As a result I think every Dez snap he takes will be at the expense of Boykins development. 

I also don’t want us to have to sign him and wind up cutting a guy like proche because we don’t have enough spots left at that point."
"I mean I’d say give him a shot, I mean it’s not like he’s just been sitting on his couch not wanting to come back to nfl. I know the whole he turned us down already might rub some ppl the wrong way but come on get over it times change and we going for that SB, so why not try him out and see what happens. At worst he puts ehhh numbers but at least give Lamar another target but on flip side maybe he plays all out for getting another shot to be playing again so we can get some good production from him, only time will tell."
"If his workout goes well, toss him a prove it deal. If he can still play, awesome. If not, cut him and don't look back.

If this was just some random receiver nobody would even be aware of it happening, but because he once turned down a contract offer from the Ravens suddenly it's big news."
You need an option for: eh
Dez is a change of pace receiver from what we have. He offers that bigger body target.
"People need to stop being petty about shit that happened two years ago, the only potential downside to signing him would be that it might push a fringe player off the roster. I know people want to get overly attached to our younger guys, but our receiving corps was objectively dreadful last year outside of one player. If Dez show's that he still has some left in the tank and is willing to play for the vet minimum then we'd be stupid not to roll the dice."
Maybe im putting too much stock in boykin but if it means we lose chris moore im not a fan. Otherwise fuck it
"Personally I don't think Dez is a great fit for the team at this point.  The main draw initially for a veteran player would be to help guide the younger WR.  But Bryant has been a headcase on his team before and was reluctant to learn and imrpove his route running when he was supposed to be ""the guy"".  I just don't see that kind of attitude and lack of preparation/improvement being a good fit for a young team.  I think he probably still has juice and skill in the tank to be a good #3 oe #2 option, but not sure how valuable that alone is.  Would rather give the younger/faster players a chance, especially with a run heavy offense."
Meh. I don't hate it but is it worth taking practice reps away from the young guys?
""
Y’all are so salty about Dez but still want AB after the year he had
"The mask goes over your nose, idiot."
"Not gonna sweat whether they sign him or not, I’m sure it won’t be for any kind of impactful money, but it’s been 2 years and a major knee injury since he last played and like 5 years since he was “Dez Bryant~!” so the most realistic way to look at this is to forget his name and consider it a generic street free agent getting a look for depth."
Can he block.....ONLY reason I would sign him.
I might be throwing that ✖️ up this year!!
Hope we sign him. Lets GOOOO
"\>Bright red sandals with socks

Come on man"
"Of *course* he doesn’t have his mask on right. Can we please just leave this guy alone, do we have to have him on the team? I’m sure he’d make some good catches, but all I could think of when he does is how he slapped his mama."
"When he catches the game winning 42-yd TD with 00:07 left against the Saints in Super Bowl LV, y'all gonna eat your words."
Anyone think we’re actually gonna sign him?
He’s really crushing mask wearing. Hopefully this clown doesn’t infect anyone on our team.
Dont covid league rules mandate that if you bring a player in for a workout you have to be very likely to sign them? Unless Dez fails the physical he will probably be a Raven by tomorrow
Remember when this guy turned down money and laughed at us a few back? Yeah. No thanks Dez
I dont want dez. Our WRS are fine.
Lets go Dez!
"I’d imagine he’d be like a crappy version anquan boldin if he signs with us, he can run block and be a saftey net for lamar if a play breaks down and no one is open. Would also be a good mentor for our young wideouts."
[deleted]
That would make a great t-shirt
"If yous got a problem with Ravens, you got a problem with me, and I suggest you let that marinate."
"Heritage, and hate"
""
Now that’s big truss
"For the record, I realize that pretty much all fan bases are like this. I only used you as the example because the difference is so noticeable, on account of your sub demonstrating exemplary sportsmanship.

Edit: someone started /r/NFLGifWars this morning to keep this organized. Obviously all posts will still go through our subs but it couldn't hurt to sub there too!"
Bring back the friendly gif war we had with chiefs fans back in week 3 of last season.
"Welcome back u/everymanawildcat, nice job

Lookin forward to this season's content!"
At least both are better than Facebook fans.
This definitely directed at that mo (@lamarheisman) kid
[When the Ravens - Chiefs gif war is renewed](https://media3.giphy.com/media/3o7TKFbrAgkC4l8frG/giphy.gif?cid=4d1e4f291l3rfltazstz9kaupblcfu0z0qfutz3kldri64pf&rid=giphy.gif)
One of the true benefits of being a Maryland transplant who graduated from KSU and lives in MHK is being able to enjoy u/everymanawildcat through multiple seasons.
/u/BenRosen are you in training camp for the 2020 GIF season?
"After the Super Bowl, I’ve seen an abundance of terrible chiefs fans when before I thought they were so nice."
"Are we tho? Remember that titans post before the game? 

Now it’s a copy pasta on /r/nfl

Not our best look"
"I suspect that most of these ""Twitter Ravens Fans"" have only seen about 17 Ravens games..."
"Fun fact, I’m basically a redneck so the year that commercial came out I was creepy Rob Lowe for halloween. It took a shave and a quick look in my closet to put together the costume."
You know football is almost here when the gif war is back
Well done!
Hey man spongebob memes are good content
This is applicable to most situations but don’t come into this sub after a loss lol
Awesome as always
Quality
"What app or program or whatever does one use to add the ""still"" images to video, such as these Raven logos?"
"What's the name of the commercial, I wanna make a gif about chiefs fans now. It's only fair"
"There is nothing, and I mean noooooooTHING, in the world, more brutal than Patrick Mahomes fans on Twitter. Beyond insufferable."
Fuckin gold
lmao reddit aint that quality over twitter. It's just shitty memes and game threads are a shitshow every single time. It's just the same tbh.
[deleted]
""
Might have to fuck around and simp over Duvernay
C'mon Peters how can you let a rook burn you.
"These drills are usually skewed toward the offense. 7on7 and 1on1s are extremely difficult for the defender, no pass rush, no underneath or over the top help. Not realistic situations to grade defenders on, more just time to sharpen technique for the D and build chemistry/timing for the offense"
"Honestly Boykin is the biggest news here, hopefully that means he is getting more separation"
"Oh great, the defense is already getting burned through the air and the offense can't execute a two minute drill. We're screwed!"
"Standouts at Ravens practice today: Lamar Jackson was very sharp. Miles Boykin made several catches. Devin Duvernay got behind Marcus Peters for a few big plays. Nick Boyle also made a few diving catches. Defense got better of offense in two-minute situations to end practice.

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Duvernay has me so excited
""
"He has no need to brag, especially when is balls are twice the size. The ratio is odd I must admit."
Modest man.
Justin been doing biceps curls all day in quarantine.
"“Yes thank you, I don’t like to brag.  But you should see DeCosta’s.”"
""
"Woo, 0 interceptions! 

Ah fuck, 0 interceptions."
"Boykin was so good on scramble drills last year, esp in the endzone. Even if we sign Dez for a year and Boykin could learn from him that could be huge"
Dez speculation is scaring Boykin because he realizes if they bring in Dez it’s for his job.
juice man better get to juicin'
Nice! Glad to hear Boykin stepping up. He a number of drops in the broadcasted portion of yesterday’s practice.
What happens if we’re 15-0 and they cancel the season because of covid. I will never stop being mad if that happened
"Ravens training camp, Day 2:

🎯Lamar Jackson was spectacular throwing the ball
👟Miles Boykin stepped up amid Dez speculation
😲J.K. Dobbins beat Patrick Queen in 1-on-1 run drill
⌚️Defense won 2-minute drill to end practice
0⃣Interceptions in two days for defense

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
I know these types of drills generally favor the offense but it’s still impressive seeing a second year WR put the burners on an elite corner.
Lmao at the sounds Humphrey is making. Dudes really trying to channel his inner Raven.
Oh he's *fast* fast
"That is impressive. 
Marlon is no slow poke by any means."
Hollywood really just did that to a 1st Team All-Pro corner who also used to run track and is a track coach. Hollywood feastin' this  year
Hollywood has great hands. I keep thinking about that awesome catch in the Titans game.
I want to know if that was Lamar throwing the ball! Placed perfectly in stride.
Mmmmhmm. I'm a popped champagne bottle right now.
That is disgusting
"Is that Harbaugh going ""oh yeah, OH YEAH""?

15 is gonna to terrorize some DB's this year."
To think he is that fast after put on 15 pounds of muscle this off season
And we know how good Marlon is🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
By the end of 2020 Hollywood may be considered the fastest receiver in the NFL toppling Tyreek Hill.
"Hollywood put in a shit ton of work this off season once that screw came out, and you can absolutely see it in his footwork. That double (triple??) move was 🔥🔥🔥!"
Dat boi quicc
I love Marlon
It still doesn't feel like football is back
"GREAT defense by Marlon off the line, but you can't beat speed lol. Holly got a half step of separation off the move and just left him. Liked what I saw from both"
"That was AB-esque. Strong route running, great separation, soft hands, and undeniable speed. 

On one of the top corners in the game to boot. Even if there was a safety on that play, that’s a game breaker type of play. All of Hollywood’s hard work is paying off!"
[15 got 44 stankyleggin](https://i.imgur.com/LmRbVZ4.jpg)
Just filthy.
"Just a reminder,  Marlon Humphrey runs a FOUR POINT FOUR FORTY. 

https://nflcombineresults.com/playerpage.php?i=22353"
Hollywood really just made an All Pro DB look like he was moving in slow motion
Just made an arguably top 3 corner look like he was stuck in mud. Got daaaamn
God damn he’s fast
I agree with the elmo meme
""
Cool.  Question #2: Are you going to block 1000x?
"I'd be fine with a low-risk one year ""prove it"" type of deal."
He’s a steal at min.
I like this guy
Dez will be a raven in 29 hours
I wanna see him block judon 1 on 1 before moving forward.
"Like schrager said "" he did not have a 100 yard game in his last 23 games he played in"" He was washed up 3 years ago. Why bother? Ride with the guys we have."
Essssketit
I dont want him to take any attempts for Boykin im good
A 31 year old WR who hasn't played in 3 seasons. Nty. Probably just wants to play for a team that faces Dallas this year
"THAT is what I want to hear, team player right there, total opposite of A. Brown."
Remember though this guy turned us down with a rookie QB in waiting Jackson and starting Flacco(not that I blame him for passing on a Flacco led offense)....
Liking the attitude!
"Yeah and 1 thing doesn’t go his way and he’ll be a drama queen ruining the locker room camaraderie. This is important as fuck. 

This fan wants no part of Dez, besides he’s 2 years removed from football and he wasn’t producing when he was playing. 

Pass."
""
Yeah so he says that now. No surprise.
""
u/BenRosen i’d start getting some ideas in the hopper now lol
Dis gon b gud
Yes I’m so hyped for this game
"Chiefs are the best team in the league. No arguing that. Baltimore and Lamar are 0-2, time to best them. This year and I don’t mean in week 3 only. Come January we need to be on top."
"##r/chiefs
---------------------------------------------
^(For mobile and non-RES users) ^| 
[^(More info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/botwatch/comments/6xrrvh/clickablelinkbot_info/) ^| 
^(-1 to Remove) ^| 
[^(Ignore Sub)](https://np.reddit.com/r/ClickableLinkBot/comments/gpbgg1/ignore_list/)"
[deleted]
"I saw a picture of someone who started the entire Ravens team week 1 and saw historic fantasy numbers. 

Well, I'm going to draft all the Ravens I can and see how it goes. My league will probably be annoyed at the troll, but, I think our team is still good enough for me to make the playoffs this way."
Thanks for letting us know
"Lamar, Andrews, Defense, Tucker - Solid

Running backs while great for us terrible for fantasy because the carries are spread out 

Receivers are a big question mark going into this season

That being said my fantasy teams last year were Dak and Lamar and Mahomes and Lamar because he went undrafted in both leagues"
Really excited for you man
Very cool story
"I won the chip with Lamar, Ingram, Andrews, and Hollywood!"
That’s the spirit
"I pretty much did this last year and I won the league.  It will likely be hard to get all the best Ravens players, but you can probably get a few.

My lineup last year with Ravens starters:

Lamar

Brown

Andrews

Tucker

Defense

I couldn't get nab Ingram unfortunately.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Site note, I actually wasn't able to draft the BAL defense, I picked them up in Week 3."
[deleted]
""
"Love listening Warren Sharp, he was all in on the Ravens before the start of last season before most members of the media were."
Good read.  Thank you.
This was an amazing read I didn’t realize how easy we had it in terms of defensive strength of schedule.  Oh and that rushing out of 11 stat is ridiculous the fact that we rushed for more yards on average per carry then teams passed out of 11 is downright disgusting.
""
Why is my dumb ass smiling at this junk. Keep it coming RavensTube
""
"Can Mischief say ""BIIIIIG TRUZZZ!"""
Was hoping it said fuck the steelers tbh
Out here making Poe look bad.
"I wanted it to be Joe Flacco attempting to act, was disappointed"
That's an African Raven That's why his neck is white just in case anyone was wondering
I am sure that Raven will love Ed Reed too they are smart birds
"Say, “no Dez”"
I just ordered my first Lamar jersey so its going to fit very nicely next to my purple Torrey Smith jersey
Ray Lewis.
Ed Reed
"Boulware from the Value City in Frederick, around 1999. Starter, stitched. Purple. 

Paid 19.99"
Heap
"Lardarius Webb, bought shortly before I went to my only game so far - the Giants on Dec 23, 2012."
"I've never owned one. Poverty is a bitch yo. 

Right now I'm trying to win one through a connected franchise. Will be a Lamar if I win"
Reebok Ray Lewis.  Gift from my wife; the sizing is so much larger than the Nike ones it's almost funny to wear.  I'm swimming in it these days.
"Todd Heap.
It was like twenty bucks at one of those seconds/ close out stores."
Kelly Greg
"Jamal Lewis, I was 12 and got my Lewis’s mixed up. It was Jamals rookie year and we went on to win the SB. Ended up getting that jersey signed during the run up to the Super Bowl."
Ray Lewis & Anquan Boldin were my Christmas presents when I was 12
Ray Rice
Ray Rice
Suggs
"Michael Jackson #81   

Still have it. Taped over the ""1"" so now it's a Lamar Jackson jersey."
Jamal Lewis
Ready.... Deion Sanders
Black Ed Reed jersey in like 2006
Ray Lewis
Ray Lewis. Now have a Lamar and Marlon Jersey
R. LEWIS
The Elite Dragon
Ngata.
52 Ray Lewis
"Eric Turner in '96

Pretty sure it was made by Champion lol"
Matt Stover
Ray Lew with the flying bird shoulder patch.
"Lamar Jackson but have been a fan since inception! He is the only one I felt compelled to buy. Same with the NBA. The only NBA jersey I ever bought was of Michael Jordan and a bulls cap despite being a fan. These are two transcendent super stars that deserve the contents of my miserly wallet.

The only jersey I was tempted to buy before Lamar Jackson was that of Ed Reed, but my cheapness got the best of me. But, Lamar overpowered my resistance."
Elvis Grbac. Purple.
"Tucker! I'm also a Longhorn, though, so it has double importance."
Anquan Boldin
Black Ed Reed
Flacco I think
Deion Sanders.... at Disney world with my grandma R.I.P. 🖤💜
Ray Rice alternate
Haloti Ngata
"Jamal Lewis. Asked my mom for a Ray Lewis jersey for Christmas when I was in 6th grade (2005 season) and got Jamal instead. Still loved it and acted like that's what I wanted anyways, still in my closet too! Love you momma!"
Ed Reed
Ray Rice. Traded it for a Tucker at the stadium in 2014.
HEEEEAAAAAAAAAP
A legit heap jersey my parents got me for Christmas
Heap
"Suggs, then CJ, fake Smith Sr and now Lamar lol"
Ray Rice 😬😬😬😬
Maghee
Ray Rice. I'm scarred from ever owning another one
a black Deion Sanders jersey
I got a Ray Lewis jersey right before he announced his retirement as a gift from my parents. It's my only official jersey at the moment.
Flacco
""
Gonna feel a little silly doing it on my couch but im with it
I'm with that!
"Count me in.

We haven't had someone to do that with in some time. 

Was Juuuuuuuice the last one?"
It’s gotta be earned like we didn’t start yelling Heap immediately.
From our couches? :( yea
[DEVIN DUVERNAY](https://i.redd.it/ytjhiiy35jw41.gif)
I'm doing the Abe Simpson 'Mrs Bouvier' edit that someone made in here last month
All for it!
Hell yeah we are
Yes.
"I got downvoted for it last time, but im still fond of DUUUU VERRR YAYYYYYYYYY"
[deleted]
[removed]
I’m still pissed about week 4 last year... lfg
"Ryan Mink has repeated Williams' comment more than once and I'm deathly afraid he and others are too eager to ride the good vibes the team has entering this season to actually realize how this is the worst nickname idea for anything post-9/11 ever. 

People still saying ""Gus the Bus"" is bad enough, as though they've never heard of Jerome Bettis. But I just had to speak up about this. We can't let our fan base and team media reps make us look so galactically stupid."
"The Twin Towers were real structures. They were Colossal monuments in NYC for decades. How does referring to two equally colossal Humans who stand next to each other on a football field as the Twin towers offensive to survivors/families of victims of 9/11?

Edit: spelling"
Ehh this is a reach. Not til I read this post did I think 9/11 to be honest
Bruh this ain’t it
Ok so best call one Orthanc and the other Barad-dur
Tim Duncan and David Robinson were called the Twin Towers before and after 9/11. It's not that deep
"Uhhhh what? Referring to two massive, strong, unbreakable men as the twin towers is patriotic as fuck. All Americans mourned that day, don't take his comparison in jest. It's extremely respectful."
Don't be so sensitive
"If you keep eliminating words, names, descriptions, etc everytime something bad happens, you will reduce the language to nothing.  Not to mention there is nothing negative about remembering the two towers, they were a landmark.  Plus this nickname is being given to two guys that are really large and tall, not to anything that is falling down, so it is not a callback to the disaster, but to the memory of the towers standing."
"people getting offended by everything these days, its getting crazy with PC"
The only bus is GUS BUS that other guy sounds terrible
That the lady that constantly screams like a parrot on the live broadcast will be at the games still?
"Lol,  I watched the jets-ravens game again last night and there she was... 

(Really wanted to see ravens-rams but disabled in my country...)"
Does anybody really know the source of this noise? I feel like I’ve been hearing it for every home game since I started following football in like 2003. It’s gonna be weird possibly not hearing it this season.
Anybody have a link where you can hear it? No clue what you boys are talkin about
About tree fiddy
It’s some noisemaker that’s supposed to make them sound like a Raven. Could be a dude for all we know
Ugh
I’ll give it 2-1 odds
[deleted]
I wish Lamar every success he desires.
"It’s no “hut hut, Pizza Hut,” but it’ll do"
Expected after those shades
Future’s so bright...
"Get paid Llama. This may also explain why he's rocking the visor

Edit: Someone needs to photoshop dollar signs onto the lenses of the sunglasses pic"
YouTube video: [https://youtu.be/NHOpSEB1c8s](https://youtu.be/NHOpSEB1c8s)
The beginning of a tweet/post saying “BREAKING: Lamar Jackson...” will never not scare me
I can't believe he doesn't already have a major deal with a shoe or apparel brand.
Florida move right there. I’m guessing Ron Jon is next.
"Can we ban the title words ""breaking"" with ""Lamar"" don't need any scares."
Looks like I'm buying Oakley's for the first time in a decade
Fuck luxottoca
Fucking HYPE!!!
Hopefully Nike is next!
Imagine the Lamar signature Oakley 😎
I’m still waiting for the day he does his first royal farms brand deal. That’s where the big bucks are at.
"BREAKING: Lamar Jackson has finally signed his first major endorsement deal, joining the team @oakley 

***

posted by [@BarstoolBanks](https://twitter.com/BarstoolBanks)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EfyQUM2WkAI06PY.jpg) | [Photo 2](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EfyQUM4XkAA2GPi.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
LETS GOOOO
You'd think he'd have way more.
Dope
Yesssssss
Jon ogden dancing with the gebco girls and ngata in a chicken suit remain best raven endorsements so far...
How does he not have a shoe deal?
"Fuck yeah! That’s awesome, I’ve always liked Oakley too- my backpack’s been going strong for 10 years now. And my frogskins are dope too 😎"
"Wasn't Cal Ripken endorsed by Oakley? At minimum he wore them. Oakley is a Baltimore legend thing, I suppose"
"I am confused, did Lamar join Oakley, the Ravens join oakley, or both separately?"
Next is Dole (bananas)
""
Man do I LOVE seeing Calais mentoring my boy Justin Madubuike!!! He's gonna be fucking great!!
"""Why yo tall ass always gotta stand next to somebody?!"""
Calais + BWill is some great positive energy.
Calais and BWill are going to give us incredible meme material this season
"I LOVE that he got the d-line to run some sprints at the end of practice. Dude is absolute veteran leader on the team, and it looks like everyone is on board with that. He's already an amazing asset for this team and perfectly fits in with our culture."
Already so much added value to this team and a single snap hasn’t been played. Dude convinced B.will to get some extra conditioning in and vets like Wolfe and Judon joined it...I love everything about this video.
"“Everybody wants to be great until it’s time to put the work in.” 

😍😍"
how could the jags only get a 5th for Campbell
Brandon Williams looks small next to Calais! Yikes!
Those dudes are having a blast.
"You can't teach that type of leadership. Dude is going to be a wrecking ball for our D-Line, but his mentorship is priceless. Man, I'm so pumped up."
Natural leader
"Half the video is him getting in Madibuike's ass lol. Great leadership, love to see it"
"""Big Baby I think you a machine bruh, you ain't human""

Love this guy"
I love  Campbell already... Damn this team feels special.
I absolutely LOVE Calais
The natural leadership is shat we’ve needed on D. [That’s what happens when you study the best](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/news/calais-campbell-grew-up-studying-ray-lewis)
What a leader
He's going to make our offensive line even better with these practices
[removed]
""
[deleted]
""
Old Bay Special coming? 👀👀👀
Maybe we can get Lamar throwing to Lamar.
Lamar about to lob a pass to himself he’s fast enough
"I see Rg3 and Lamar doing a thing, I upvote."
I hope we see a little bit more of the Heisman package. I wanna see QB to QB passes.
"Lamar no please 

Protect those finger baby"
Was Lamar throwing to Huntley?
""
Everything is fine right?
"Dez Bryant and Dwayne Harris were not the only veteran WRs the \#Ravens wanted to work out. FA Russell Shepard, who most recently played for the \#Giants, was invited to work out in BAL but declined and at this point, is set to walk away and is not planning to play in 2020.

***

posted by [@RapSheet](https://twitter.com/RapSheet)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Good for him, can't fault a guy for declining an invite and wanting to move on from football.

Dwayne Harris is a really interesting choice, most of his value comes as a return specialist, after bringing in Proche and Barner it looks like we want a serious competition at KR/PR this season."
""
Good shit. Reckon he starts the year behind LJ Fort but gets a shot in the starting job at some point and never gives it back.
Leek is my most exciting pick. He’s such an athletic player and he seems intelligent enough to crossover to the nfl playbook. I’m excited to see what he does with the opportunities he has b
"Rookie ILB Malik Harrison had a couple of strong plays in coverage today. John Harbaugh said it's a leveling-up process for rookie linebackers once they reach the NFL.  

""Ohio State has sophisticated pass coverages, but it's not like here.""

***

posted by [@jonas_shaffer](https://twitter.com/jonas_shaffer)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Good to hear after seeing him get dusted by j hill
"Madden 21 comes out on Saturday. And that is the final step before NFL begins. I am so excited every day. Watching these ravens practice shows they put up on their YouTube gets me so pumped. Our D line is going to be screaming this year. Scary dudes. Idk who’s scarier. Campbell, Williams, or Wolfe. Throw in some judon and qbs will be sweating. Season is almost here boys. Let’s go!"
"Dude I am so excited to watch some Ravens football, I can't stand it anymore. These practice streams are making it worse lol."
"In the shit-slinging year of 2020, thank god for Reddit. For /r/Ravens. For the team we love. All things that have helped me stay mostly positive. **I love you guys!** We're almost there."
"Definitely starting to feel it and have some hope we get to see football this year.  I think our D line is mainly built to stuff the run and allow the LBs to be the playmakers.  That is basically how our D has always worked.  Definitely excited to see them play though.

Also as an aside, officially M21 launches Tuesday, it always launches on a Tuesday.  Pretty much all games launch on Tuesday because that is when sales figures start for the week (T-M)."
And that secondary we have ain't too shabby either
"I’ve watched every major game of the franchise. The whole 2000 playoffs/SB, 2006 wins, almost all of 2011 and 2012, all the games from 2014 and 2019, the steelers sweep from 2015. Ravens football couldn’t come a day too soon"
"Oh I'm feeling it, I'm back to checking football subreddits and hashtags everyday. I'm really trying to keep myself from being hyped up for a canceled season but holy shit the team looks good and I'm looking forward to seeing how this year plays out."
I get that way once my fantasy drafts are done
What time is it?
""
JK I’m trying to see this energy vs the Steelers not our own boys
Let's hope he doesnt take the ray rice approach to settling beef lol
Who is this Raven’s Legend Warrior?
Dog
Young man wants it! There’s no better RB to learn from than Ingram either. Dude almost never gives up the ball and has learned to harmonize with a pass offense/RB committee.  Dobby is gonna be the boss of he next few years and I’m excited.
"Ravens rookie RB J.K. Dobbins plays with an emotional edge in practice. He didn't back down from the verbal sparring with DeShon Elliott and then got in a heated exchange with Nigel Warrior, which prompted John Harbaugh to step in between to squash.

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Chippy isn't a bad thing from a young buck.
JK ALL DAY
""
"Promising young defensive player poised to break out on the last year of his rookie deal? 

I feel like I’ve seen this episode before."
"Ravens and Slow developing Pass rushers shining on their contract year...

Name a better duo."
Everyone makes promising plays during camp. Half do absolutely nothing there after. Training camp is just a constant time loop!
KING BOWSER
FINAL BOSS
"Tyus Bowser's made a couple of nice plays over the past two days. Tuesday, he dropped into coverage and deflected a pass over the middle.

Today, he walked TE Nick Boyle back on a rush for a ""sack"" of Lamar Jackson. Then he abused a rookie OL in a one-on-one pass-rush drill.

***

posted by [@jonas_shaffer](https://twitter.com/jonas_shaffer)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[translation] He hit a ball in the air. He bull rushed a TE in pass pro. He won one (of many reps) 1v1 against a rookie oline.
With the interior line we have Judon Jaylon and Tyus are gonna have career years
"Him and Judon are gonna benefit greatly from the presence of Wolf and Campbell, assuming that he makes the team."
McPhee will make the team and hopefully his snaps are monitored and pulled back form last year. He will be directly responsible for grooming Mr Ferguson.
"McPhee is probably going to start opposite of Judon, because Fergunsun isn’t going to have enough time in camp to get the spot.  He’s not even practiced in camp yet due to an undisclosed injury.  Although he won’t see the snap count of Judon obviously because he’s breakdown physically if that were to happen."
[deleted]
"Did anyone expect to win so thoroughly against the Giants in the Super Bowl? I was watching [this](https://youtu.be/h6lx3myVs4A?t=292) recently and surprised to find out the game made the video. Then I was even more surprised at how close the game was up until the late 3rd quarter. I always thought that we had beaten the Giants from the first snap and they never had a chance from the beginning(which is still true), but considering that it was 13-0 late in the 3rd....they were always one play away from making it a one possession game. So were the older fans in this sub surprised that we won at all or blew them out?"
13-0 in the third might as well have been a 5 possession game. That defense was ridiculous.
I thought it was going to be the first shutout in Superbowl history.  There was no doubt in my mind that they wouldn't be able to score on the greatest defense in NFL history.
"That defense only allowed 1 TD in 4 post-season games. That's simply insane to do against 4 of the best teams in the league. 

I said before the game that it would look like men playing against boys, and that the Ravens would score in all three phases of the game (offense, defense and special teams) and predicted a 27-3 victory, but would not be surprised by a shutout."
"There was no doubt we would win. After we beat the Titans, everyone pretty much knew we weren't going to lose another game."
Defense wins championships.
As soon as we beat the titans i knew we were winning it all. Now i didnt expect to put up as many points as we did but yeah i knew we were gonna win
"A few homers here are saying it was a given that Baltimore defense would prevail, but the Giants were 12-4 and were on a 7 game win streak.  

Blowing that team out was for sure a surprise."
The only doubt came from the media at the time who worship the ground NY sports teams walk on.
Wish I would've been able to watch in real time. Only started watching football after that season. I was 6 or 7 at the time
""
H Y P E 🔥
[deleted]
Proche was always great at circus catches.
"C H A N N E L

T H R E E"
"
Today's Top Plays 🔥🔥🔥 

***

posted by [@Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1296128765656018944/vid/1280x720/do-0fABvuUClW2lY.mp4?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
A lot tighter of a ball today. Great to see
BRO
Im ready.
I’m gon nut
""
"It's not surprising to me that Calais is dominating our interior line. They're inexperienced and don't have anyone that is currently close to Calais physically or talent-wise. That said, it's not often that we'll face anyone like Campbell and our coaches have shown that they can scheme for elite talents like they did last year against Aaron Donald."
"Good and good;

Good because it shows Calais is still dominant against the average linemen.

Good because our average and developing linemen get to practice against him every day where he will actively teach them how to deal with someone like him"
Bowser finna get cut if he keeps backing people into lamar 😂😂
"It's a bad idea to look into practice results as if it's bad or good for the team. Every result from training camp is both bad and good for different parts of the team. No matter how much we practice, or how much better both the offense and defense become, one side will always come out on top on any given play"
Yes
"No sentence that starts with "" it was a good day"" should end with "" MVP on the ground"""
I'm very worried about our O line this year.
"Honestly I'd rather our OL get exposed in training camp than week 1. Thanks, Calais!"
This is life without Yanda eh?
""
"""If they don't appreciate me, I can take my services elsewhere"" - Billy Cundiff, right after we signed the literal best kicker in NFL history"
@freezingcoldtakes
Can we just ban any post that mentions that name from now on
"Billy Cundiff was such a dick about the competition, as if he couldn't believe the Ravens would dare explore another option after he missed a chip shot in the biggest game of his career.

Every report I'd heard always had Tucker ahead of Cundiff. I didn't watch them live, but I tracked the kicking competition and Tucker was more consistent and hitting from longer. 

For me, there wasn't much doubt that Tucker would win."
Not Preston? Surprised me this would be a classic MP take
">  The Billy Cundiff haters — and there are enough in this town to hold several conventions — are celebrating today.
> 
> About time the Ravens unloaded that choker, they're saying. Good riddance. Guy cost the Ravens a shot at the Super Bowl. How do you miss a 32-yard chip shot in the AFC championship game? And how do you come back from a disaster like that?
> 
> They make Cundiff sound like he was a psychological wreck, like he did five tours of duty in Afghanistan on a bomb disposal squad.
> 
> They make it sound as if he's the only kicker to ever miss a big kick, and he'd never recover from it in a million years, no matter how many sports shrinks he saw.
> 
> ""How will the Ravens ever be able to trust him again?"" the haters wailed.
> 
> But Cundiff wasn't a basket case at all. He kicked well in training camp and preseason games. Justin Tucker simply kicked a little better. And the Ravens rolled the dice and went with the rookie over the veteran, making the announcement official Sunday.
> 
> It's a shocking turn of events for Cundiff, a Pro Bowler two years ago who says he was told last week by John Harbaugh the kicking job was his to lose.
> 
> When I heard that, I wrote a blog post that basically applauded the Ravens for leaning toward the veteran.
> 
> Oh, my fat little fingers were flying over the keyboard. I said if I were Harbaugh, I wouldn't want to go into the new season with a rookie kicker, either. Not unless he was a can't-miss phenom like a Sebastian Janikowski.
> 
> Shows you what I know.
> 
> That night, the Ravens let Tucker take all the kicks in that 48-17 wipeout of the Jacksonville Jaguars. And the way Harbaugh hemmed and hawed about the Cundiff-Tucker competition in his post-game remarks, you knew Cundiff was a goner.
> 
> He was Dead Kicker Walking, all right.
> 
> In the locker room that night, Cundiff wore the look of a man who had seen the handwriting on the wall. And the handwriting was pointing to the exit sign. He could have packed his bags and lined up plane tickets right then and there.
> 
> So now the Ravens go into this season of high expectations with an undrafted rookie as their kicker, and maybe it works out and maybe it doesn't.
> 
> Sorry, I still don't think it's a good move. Not unless Tucker totally out-performed Cundiff the past few weeks, which he didn't. Especially not when Cundiff didn't even get into the game against the Jaguars, spending three hours instead modeling a cool baseball cap on the sideline.
> 
> Here's my other problem with the move. I have this image in my mind: Ravens vs. Pittsburgh Steelers at Heinz Field, third week in November, wind blowing, 65,000 black-and-gold-wearing maniacs howling into the night, Terrible Towels waving, national TV audience tuned in.
> 
> Ravens line up for a field-goal attempt with the game on the line.
> 
> Welcome to the NFL, Justin Tucker.
> 
> Me, I want a veteran trotting on the field in that situation. No, there's no guarantee Billy Cundiff makes that kick if he's still a Raven. But as I wrote in the blog, everything else being equal, I'll take the veteran over the rookie every time.
> 
> Understand, this is no knock on Tucker. He seems like a great kid. The Ravens are impressed with him so far. But kicking in practice and preseason games is a whole lot different from kicking in games when they count — especially big games.
> 
> This is the second time in three years that the Ravens have tossed a veteran kicker aside for a rookie, and they sure hope it works out better than the last time.
> 
> This was back in 2009, when the great Matt Stover's numbers were off the year before and the Ravens began looking around at other kickers.
> 
> Stover was still pretty much Mr. Automatic after 13 seasons with the Ravens. But the Ravens wanted a sexier kicker. They wanted a big leg just like Tucker's.
> 
> So they went with Steven Hauschka — an undrafted rookie out of North Carolina State who did mostly kickoffs for the Ravens in 2008 — to start the 2009 season.
> 
> This worked out for a grand total of two months.
> 
> Then in a November game against the Minnesota Vikings, Hauschka missed a 44-yarder in the waning seconds that would've given the Ravens the win.
> 
> The next kicker for the Ravens was Billy Cundiff.
> 
> Maybe the rookie gets it right this time."
"> Not unless he was a can't-miss phenom like a Sebastian Janikowski.

Literally a below league average kicker accuracy-wise lol."
Billy Cundiff tried to hang himself after he lost the competition to Tucker but he couldn’t kick the chair out from under him.
I haven't seen this dude write anything for the Ravens in the Sun recently thankfully
I loved cundiff but I love tucker more
[deleted]
Biscotti/Decosta 2020 baby!!!
Id take anyone on this sub over those two clowns
"No, he'd be too busy running the Ravens to pay attention. That said, he'd still be an upgrade on what you currently have..."
"EDC is a five star restaurant, where as Trump and Biden are McDonald’s and Burger King.... everyone gets mad when you tell them which restaurant you voted for.... believe me, I would vote for the five star restaurant any day of the week... but all they keep giving us to choose from is McDonald’s and Burger King!"
[deleted]
""
Damn that’s great news. Good to see he’s doing well cuz we gon be fucked to hell if Hollywood ends up being the only outside guy who can make some plays
"He looks good, but he ain’t no Tim White."
"Good to see that his route running is impressive. Some people have pointed out that he struggles to get separation. If he improved his route running since then, that's huge."
Dude you guys drafted so damn well. I watch a lot of film and had every one of your draft picks except Washington in my top 50 players. Duvernay and Proche 🔥🔥 DD a souped up version of Kirk and JP reminds me of Diontae Johnson but he’s a little slower.
"I think Proche and Duv are outliers. EDC May have stolen 2 big time receivers for the future. He pretty much drafted Hollywood clones and Boykins is gonna be on the other side with Dez teaching him tricks. I know lots of people don’t want Dez, but he’s coming from a shit run team. He could be the best thing to happen to Boykins skill and mentor wise with our culture. 

As of now our WRs are very raw and unproven, but in a few years I think we’re gonna be having conversations on who to keep and who let go to FA. 

Granted It’s all up to Llama."
"I can't wait to watch this guy.  His tape was ridiculously more impressive than where he was drafted.  Hard worker, catches everything, fights his way to the endzone after the catch."
Tommy Streeter
Subscribe.
😁
We don’t ever give our young WRs chances. Now out front office brought in guys that are knowledgeable on how to draft WRs and EDC is trying hard to hit on some
[deleted]
Wow. Now let’s make it official.
I wish but that’s fake
No way
[deleted]
"The Ravens and Jaguars are closing in on a deal that will send Yannick Ngakoue to Baltimore for a 2021 3rd and HB Gus Edwards. A huge addition to that Dline.

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter_0](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter_0)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Even if we ignore that this is a fake account, Ngakoue has a cap hit of $17.8M and we have $5.6M in cap space..."
Fake account lol
Not the real Adam Schefter
Tricked me last year saying we traded for Clowney and then just tricked me again saying we traded for Yannick. Good thing I did my research this time.
Bruh Jamison Hensley or w/e his name is retweeted it I almost had a heart attack
The trade made no sense anyway. Why would they accept a 2 for him after declining a 1 earlier this summer?
Got me for a second seeing Jamison  Hensley RT it
"Bro it got me. I screamed when I saw it, then immediately got sad after I saw it was fake 😔 lol"
Do people not check for the blue check next to the account lmao
Mega tough scene.
[deleted]
You can still gain 20 pounds eating this without exercise
"Yeah definitely don’t do this diet without daily exercise, you’ll gain 20 pounds but it won’t be muscle"
[deleted]
Fake account
"Baltimore, MD, August 19, 2020– 98 ROCK, WBAL NewsRadio 1090/FM 101.5 and the Baltimore Ravens have set their on-air radio broadcast team for the 2020 NFL Season.

Former Ravens players Dennis Pitta and Obafemi “Femi” Ayanbadejo will join Ravens Play-by-Play Announcer Gerry Sandusky, who returns for his 14th year as the voice of the Ravens. Dennis and Femi will provide Ravens broadcast color and analysis during the upcoming season.

Pitta returns to the booth after previously serving as an analyst during the 2018 season. He holds the Ravens’ single-season record for most receptions by a tight end and helped Baltimore capture the 2012 World Championship in Super Bowl XLVII.

Across three seasons in Baltimore, Ayanbadejo contributed on both special teams and offense, helping to establish the league’s fifth-best rushing attack during the Ravens’ Super Bowl-winning 2000 campaign.

Cary L. Pahigian, President and General Manager of WBAL NewsRadio and 98 ROCK said: “We are pleased to offer Baltimore Ravens fans an exceptional broadcast team. As a former Raven, Dennis has always provided astute analysis to our broadcast. Femi’s extensive NFL experience will add keen insight, and there is no better play-by-play announcer than Gerry Sandusky.”

Ravens Senior Vice President/Chief Sales Officer Kevin Rochlitz added: “As former Ravens who each helped bring Super Bowl titles to Baltimore, Femi and Dennis provide extensive knowledge of the game and unique player perspectives. Additionally, they are well known throughout the Baltimore community, so this is exciting news for our fan base, WBAL, 98 ROCK and the Ravens.”"
"I know it will happen some day, but I will be very sad when Gerry decides to move on to something else."
And what about Jarret Johnson?  Hopefully he’s either back at color or on the pregame.  Don’t toss him out like they did to Quadry
"Everytime i swipe my amex now.. ima say thank you to 88. We all owe him a thank you for i think it was a 3rd down play in denver during the sb47 run. From the end zone flacco threw it and it was an amazing catch. 

88"
"Gerry is the man, but I liked JJ and don't love this announcement at the moment."
"I don't remember femi, but i remember thinking brendon ayanbadejo was very important special teams player"
""
A wendys 4 for 4
Three fifty
$25
Nice bracelet
""
It’s honestly pretty impressive. Some ppl forget that he’s 225+ all muscle
He looks pretty slow out of his breaks. Just give this man slant and post routes and let him work in the slot / middle
"This is at Howard HS in Columbia. He's still here. Edit: I thought he already worked out, my bad."
Working him out today. Be on the lookout for more media and news regarding his workout
"Personally, his hands look great but he looks like he's lost a step"
Just saw Hollywood liked it.  I didn’t realize he wants Dez too.
Do people feel like he's pretty much a sure thing at this point?
I just hope his knee holds up
"I want Dez on the Ravens so badly, but we have $7 mill in capspace and still need to extend Ronnie... how do they move money around?"
"BuT He’s sO OLd aNd WAshEdDDD

CHrIs MOoRe WiLl bE oUR WR3"
"The Ravens are in pads and we are getting super excited for the upcoming football season! [On this show](https://ravensrecap.com/2020-camp-battles/) we discuss the various battles we are keeping our eye on as camp progresses and our thoughts on the potential Dez Bryant signing. 

What camp battle are you most interested in? I am keen to see how our offensive snaps get distributed. With Hayden Hurst gone and so many young wideouts and runners, we could see a pretty dramatic shift from a team that really didn’t lose any starts, but a few key rotational players."
"I'm most interested to see snap count distribution between Ingram, Dobbins, Gus Bus, and Hill. Especially if we feature more 2 back formations which I believe Harbaugh suggested may happen."
"Definitely most interested in how the IOL shakes out. Everything I've heard says Fluker is the clear frontrunner for RG, but LG and C are still up for grabs. Skura probably starts if he's ready to roll by week 1, but if he's not do we play Mekari again? Push Bozeman across to C? Someone else entirely? Ben Powers played really well in his one game and apparently looks good so far in camp - does he get a starting job? So many possibilities..."
I wanna see Bowser step up
"Wideouts. Specifically DevDuv and Proche. Are they battling for the same reps? Are they pushing the vets for more field time? After Hollywood, it seems pretty wide open."
""
"It'll never not be impressive to me how the coach can just look at whats on the field and be like ""yup this'll go"""
"You know Jacoby is like “you’re going to take credit for this too, Ray?”"
"Jacoby Jones talks about this in an interview. Very entertaining. I'll try to find the link and post

Edit:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cff4f1xaWno](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cff4f1xaWno)"
No weapon formed against me shall prosper.
"I know I’m in the minority when I say this: 

But I think Jacoby Jones should’ve won super bowl mvp. Not to invalidate Flacco’s historic playoff run that year"
""
Our backfield is gonna be nasty.
"""Of Edwards’ 133 carries for 711 yards last season, just five have resulted in negative plays — none worse than a yard — and 11 for no gain at all. Dallas Cowboys star Ezekiel Elliott’s rate of yard-producing carries (88.7%) leads the NFL, but Edwards (88%) isn’t far behind.""


""Among the NFL’s top rushers, he leads all running backs in first-down rate (34.6%); the Arizona Cardinals’ Kenyan Drake is the only peer above even 30%.""

""Edwards has averaged at least 5.20 YPC both years. He joins Cam Newton, Gale Sayers, and Clinton Portis as the only players to average 5.20 YPC in their first 2 seasons (min 120 carries)."""
"I hope we roll a fucking 3 RB set, Maryland I or a Power I and mix in some motion with our WR split, delay handoff to gus and just run with Lamar or pitch to Dobbins while gus blocks. 

We could do some nifty and creative stuff with our blockers and how we utilize who runs. Can set up for some interesting screens too.

&#x200B;

I'd love to see a 2 TE 3 RB or 1TE/1WR/3RB set with the TEs/WR running a corner route or post in a play-action, RB1 splits to the flat, RB2/FB sets up as additional blocker and RB3 pushes out to a dig, comeback or curl. Gives us passing options, extra blocker and sets up a scramble from play action.

No idea if this would schematically work but it sounds fun as shit."
Vastly underrated. I was surprised to see people on here suggest he might be the odd man out before we knew about the plan to keep all 4.
""
Fly
"Lol funny commercial. I love Lamar, I love our last 2 QBs let’s get Lamar a ring or two"
""
""
I think we'll still add a wr a some point.. Either way in EDC we trust!
"Makes sense, reports yesterday were that we weren't done having WR workouts and there are a lot of interesting options out there for us to bring in if they're healthy."
I saw a report that said DeCosta walked out onto the field and screamed “Ozzie never wanted you and neither do I!”  Then left on his helicopter.
Just got a notification that he left without a contract
I JUST WANNA THROW UP SOME X'S ALREADY
"\#Ravens worked out Dez Bryant today but the expectation is there won't be an immediate, sources tell me and @RapSheet. He's expected to depart without a deal.

***

posted by [@MikeGarafolo](https://twitter.com/MikeGarafolo)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Can you imagine Dez practicing lined up next to Marcus Peters? There will for sure be a fight.
I think our WR corps will be fine without him
"Ravens fans: Memba when he didn't want to play for us?

EDC: OH I MEMBA!"
"This sounds like a 'You need us more than we need you' situation, besides if they really wanted him they would of taken him to dinner."
"I’m ok with this. I want the younger guys to get the reps. I know it’s only training camp but Proche, Duvernay, and Boykin have all been shining. Let’s stay young."
Sounds like we prob won’t sign him
"> He's expected to depart without a deal.

thank god"
[deleted]
"As a big fan of Lamar I decided to buy a pair of wild dog crew socks from his website (era8apparel.com). Disappointingly they seemed to be very cheaply made and less than an hour after getting them they got a hole. I contacted the website but they refused to give a refund.

Obviously this has nothing to do with Lamar - I doubt he pays attention to running his online store and I don't want it to reflect poorly on him personally but just wanted to warn you guys if you were thinking about making a purchase from there."
Shame the socks suck. The shirts I've bought from them have both held up well for me.
"Yeah I love our MVP but his clothing line looks just like any one of those cheap peddlers outside the stadium trying to sell whatever they can. 

I don't think his designs look good or fashionable at all. But. Then again, I'm no fashion expert."
If I'm not mistaken its either family run or close friend but he's very involved with it in the off season but I can't imagine it's something you'd ever get a refund from
"Ya, I got 2 t-shirts from him, and they're absolutely top notch"
"I don’t see the problem with that, you can put your dick through it haha"
In a matchup between my 1996 Packers vs The 2000 Ravens?
Ravens next question
Most likely you guys would beat us.
I think it would be a good game. If yall were able to slow down jamal then i think you guys would have the edge either way it would be a 1 score game my guess 14 - 17 ravens
96 Packers were one of the greatest teams of all time. Super super underrated. Like those 90s Washington teams too.
""
"This doesn’t mean no Dez, it just means we’re weighing our options before jumping in"
This team is selective as fuck about their roster and that’s most definitely a good quality
They might just want to save the open roster spot for a CB to replace Iman Marshall tbh. Brandon Carr is the obvious choice but Logan Ryan could be decent too.
"I want Dez for what he can teach our young core. I feel like he’s been humbled and if he can step up and be a mentor then we’d have won. Everyone scared of drama but if you don’t think guys like Ingram, Earl, and Calais can shut that shit down right away, then you haven’t been paying attention. Not to mention Harbs would nip it in the bud before it even goes public."
"*for now*

I'm sure if he ""wow'd"" us then we would have gotten the deal done immediately. It's most likely that he's just a 31 year old receiver coming off a couple serious injuries and isn't going to be a big game changer, so we can afford to weigh our options here. It was reported yesterday that we weren't done bringing in WRs for workout, so he wasn't so good that we needed to snatch him up quick and therefore we're comfortable moving forward with other workouts in the mean time - doesn't mean he wasn't good in the workout and it doesn't mean we won't end up signing him next week."
That means it's a wait and see a couple more weeks in camp to see if the young WRs show they can handle the load...
Dude cramped up and wasted DeCosta's time.
""
Lamar Jackson
Nevermore
What puzzle is this?
[deleted]
""
Half this sub would be confused by this
I love that shirt but I doubt I would wear it.
You spelled it right in the title lol
Glorious
This is cursed
""
WR1 here he comes 😈
"In that practice highlight the other day, he jerked to the left, ran to the right, and by the time Marlon twitched Brown blew by him like he was standing still. There is  no defense for that speed."
""
Well yeah
"Just add ""Big Dick"" to Eric Decosta's title and this is every Ravens' fans comment on r/nfl this morning."
Honestly the best finesse ever
"On a separate note, anyone know how Kenny Young panned out for the rams?"
"Vedvik is the former Ravens kicker/punter who was once traded for a fifth-round pick that Baltimore GM Eric DeCosta subsequently packaged with back-up LB Kenny Young to acquire Pro Bowl CB Marcus Peters. 

***

posted by [@FieldYates](https://twitter.com/FieldYates)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Vedvik hasn't worked out for anyone, but if you look at the all-time FG % leaders:

1 Justin Tucker (90.8%)--signed as UDFA by the Ravens

4 Will Lutz (87.5%)--released by Ravens 8/29/16

12 Stephen Hauschka (85.7%)--released by Ravens 11/17/09

36 Graham Gano (82.1%)--released by the Ravens 9/5/09

Sometimes, 1 team's trash is an entire league's treasure.  The Vikings did some rummaging and lost, but there were enough other successes to justify the risk."
He also got shanghaied but we won't bring that up.
That's his fifth franchise isn't it?
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/idinhu)"
"Who’s this Dion Sanders guy, and why does he think he’s better than Tucker, Reed, or Lewis"
"I’m team JT cause he’s the literal GOAT at his position, and zero competition. I remember they asked Reed what the 2nd most important position was (after QB) and he said kicker. Dude knows. Tucker 4L."
Ed Reed over Ray Lewis every time
>Dion Sanders
I was going to click Ed Reed. But Ed Reed said Tucker is his goat... so J Tuck it is!
Buck Allen
I don't see Jaleel Scott
"I enjoy this question and the debate in part because it's so vague. Personally I answered in terms of, imagining I were drafting for a new team and all four were available. Ed has always been my favorite since his punt blocking days but my pick would be Ray Ray"
The people have spoken
""
"More importantly, Morgan Cox made the list. Finally some damn respect for the all-important long snapper position."
"[Here is the article.](https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/top-nfl-players-by-jersey-number-kyler-murray-leads-1-99-ranking-for-2020-season-nine-ravens-make-list/)

The Ravens have the most players on this list at 9. 

The list of Ravens players on this list:

Lamar Jackson (8)

Earl Thomas (29)

Gus Edwards (35)

Chuck Clark (36)

Marlon Humphrey (44)

Morgan Cox (46)

Ronnie Stanley (79)

Mark Andrews (89)

Calais Campbell (93)

Take this list with a grain of salt because they have rookies on the list and also are not counting players who have opted out of the season."
The list itself is pretty sus. Chubb over Gilmore at #24 and Tyreek over Deandre Hopkins
"Man, fuck Drew Brees.

Tucker > Brees."
Humphrey?
[deleted]
You need that clip of Proche laying out for the deep ball. So money.
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/idkhyq)"
[deleted]
"Ravens did not sign WR Dwayne Harris today, per source. He worked out this week around the same time as Dez Bryant. Accomplished returner on file in case team needs in future.

***

posted by [@JFowlerESPN](https://twitter.com/JFowlerESPN)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
It's Marlon Humphrey
JT
Erin Hawksworth
Marlon is the correct answer.
Tucker
"Hey, Earl Thomas has orgy’s that’s all I’m gonna say"
Tucker or Marlon.
"We have a very handsome DB core. 

Marlon, Chuck Clark, Peters, and Earl are all good looking dudes who you would be proud to bring home to your parents. (Well, maybe not Earl... but that's for different reasons)"
It’s Poe and you fucking know it
Big Dick DeCosta for obvious reasons
Sirragusa baby
Mandrews
Y’all sleeping on Co Cap again 😤
Gus Bus and it isn’t close
See flair. It’s Marvin bro
Would have said Hayden Hurst but now idk
THE ONLY RIGHT ANSWER IS JALEEL SCOTT AND DON'T EVEN ACT LIKE YOU DON'T AGREE
"Hayden Hurst is so hot that someone used his image to make a sex toy

But he isn’t a Raven anymore so Tucker"
The cheerleaders.
"Lmao I thought this was a question of who was playing the best at training camp in recent days 

JK Dobbins is a good looking man, crazy to think he’s my age"
Also Hollywood has that slick guy look
[deleted]
[deleted]
Even though madden is shit now i would like to give props to EA for bringing back forgotten and underrated legends in every teams history like chris mcalister and jamal lewis in madden 20 but madden is still ass
"Adalius was so big, fast and versatile."
""
"What a legendary year.  
Ray's final chance.  
Flacco playing lights out the whole playoffs.  
Beating the team that left Baltimore in the middle of the night.  
Jacoby's miracle catch to send us to OT.  
Beating HOF Manning in 2OT in their stadium.  
Beating GOAT Brady in Foxborough.  
Jacoby's longest play in SB history that knocked out the power.  
Beating Harbaugh's brother after nearly giving up a huge lead in the SB.  
(If Crabtree catches that TD at the end, we are laughed at like the Falcons blowing a 25 point lead.)  
Joe gets MVP. Gets paid. Harbaugh gives his brother Boldin as a consolation prize and we enter mediocrity until Lamar Jackson arrives."
The legend of Tucker was born that day
Ray crying on the field gets me every time 🥺
The amount of ice in Tucker’s veins must have been off the charts. Rookie year. Playoffs vs one of the greatest Quarterbacks of all time. Went on to do the same amount of damage in the Super Bowl. Lord have mercy.
Where did the Celine Dion Play of the Game originate?
"I remember watching that game with my cousin and jumping up and down and screaming at multiple moments. Im normally chill when I watch games, Im not yelling at my television every sunday, but that game was just something else man."
I usually once a year travel to Denver and take a picture in front of the stadium in my Ravens gear to pay homage to this game
"Tucker is a national treasure and we're blessed to have him, amen"
My wife is definitely not a football fan. She happened to sneak a few minutes of this game and was watching during the big play. I've never seen her cheer like that before.
This Super Bowl run will power us Ravens’ fans for years to come and I’m here for it.
This was the best game I've ever seen.
"My oldest son was just getting into football and we watched this together, when it was over he jumped up and hugged me and said, ""I don't know why I'm happy and crying at the same time.""

Top 5 Ravens Memories right there - multiple tequila shots after this win made it even sweeter."
That’s my kicker
This was one of my favorite memories ever and we happened to be in town coincidentally and got to witness this legendary game in person
"What a beautiful video. Goosebumps throughout my entire body. Thank you for your service!

If I ever feel down, I am just going to watch this video."
This is one of those moments that is barely a memory but more of a dream or an illusion lol I remember the Super Bowl better then this and NE game cuz I thought we had no shot against Brady Manning and seeing those wins was like a brown out
"not gonna lie, i will always remember the day i watched that game. Considering how the game started it was pretty unreal where i thought "" oh god this is gonna torture.."" with less than 2 mins left and it was 3rd and long and Flacco threw that TD to Jones i remember hearing 98 rock's Reaction and i ran down downstairs and the party watching the game went nuts."
"After 4 years being taunted as the only Ravens fan at a Texas high school, I was the most obnoxious human being on Earth the Monday after this game. God bless Tucker, Torrey, Jacoby, Flacco, and Corey Graham."
"Greg Gumbel sounded so disappointed that it was good LOL

Beating Peyton/Brady on national TV was always sweet because you could tell the announcers were rooting against us"
Ray yelling “NO WEAPON” after the game is just so funny
I can dig it
"I was at my dad's house for this game, since the Broncos are like his second team.

I basically lost my voice by this point in the game, yet I still managed to find a way to let it out here again and for some reason I decided I should collapse to the floor.

This is the best game I had the chance to watch."
Greatest game in Ravens history.
GOAT kicker
S/o to Corey fucking Graham !!!
one of my favorite games of all time
Legendary
Anybody wanting the best mashup of this song and sports should look up the Tennessee-UGA Hail Mary.
The Goat
What app did you use to make this?
The chargers have fans?
[deleted]
This video got me really hyped about Calais as a leader. Also he is a massive human!
That’s awesome. He’s gonna be huge for us. Can already tell he’ll be a great mentor for madubuike too
""
"When you're grinding for greatness every damn day things get tense. Our culture and vibe are still fine, everyone relax."
"This isn’t a big deal, considering we almost had a locker room mutiny the year we won our second SB.

But I am getting tired of Earl’s bullshit....."
"We've had scuffles every year. This ain't ideal, but we're talking about grown ass men here. They'll squash that shit quick. Also get the ET slander tf outta here."
"Mannn hate to see that. 

Interestingly, there was a follow up tweet that days Clark stormed off the field early and Thomas stayed through the end up practice. 

Kind of makes it seem like Chuck was the instigator/the one that got emotional, which is the opposite of what I expected"
"Harbaugh's school of thought is, ""iron sharpens iron."" You can't have that outlook and expect peaceful results."
Clark was probably ribbing him over the incest
I like it Earls making him better
"Simmer down, yall!"
I am on Team Chuck.
Earl is starting to seem like not a great culture for tbh. Still like him for his amazing safety play but I have a feeling he isn’t well liked
Again?
"Idgaf call me salty, but I’m just not a fan of Earl Thomas dude can have 7 int. season and I’d be like 😒"
"If your team doesn’t have dust ups during camp, you’re not a winning football team."
Earl Thomas is a douchebag
Now can we finally trade for Jamal Adams?! /s
"It’s funny, y’all so quick to assume it’s Thomas’ fault the escalation happened. When nothing indicates so. And I’ve never known there was this many people that didn’t like Thomas. Yet y’all wanna have AB on the team?"
""
Lamar and Co getting these DB's mad lol.
"I dig this. It shows leadership from Chuck. No matter who you are, you're accountable."
If it’s Clark calling him out for a blown coverages then I’m all for it. They don’t call him Green Dot Chuck for no reason he came in last year and stabilized the defensive. If Thomas is trying to disguise a coverage or jump a route that’s something they need to handle in the DB meeting room so this doesn’t happen anymore.
God I hope Elliot finally pans out
I miss Ed Reed.
"I defended him in the other thread, but it does rub me really wrong if he swung at Clark. Had they just jawed back and forth? Whatever. Trying to punch a teammate? Crossing a line to me."
"Clark is the brains of our defense, I have serious issue with Thomas thinking he’s to good to be criticized"
Clark is the brain of the secondary and I'm pretty certain it was a blown coverage by Thomas who's still living in past glory. I think he needs to take it easy and learn the defense and listen to Clark because he's the signal caller on defense. If punches were thrown then it's a shame because the end goal is to work together and get better. Things will cool off soon.
Knew it was ET
Earl is an important piece to our defense regardless of how fans feel about him. I’m glad this happened in training camp instead of during/after a regular season game
Man I’ve been a big earl supporter from day one and think he gets way to much shit for two plays this year but def not a good look here
Earl gets stiff armed once and now he’s public enemy number one. Why is everyone being so dramatic about it??
"Based on Earl’s past behavior, most of us guessed that the incident probably looked something like this lol."
"I do find it funny that when we talk about Marcus Peters, he's not better than Humphrey because Peters can only freelance and make huge plays due to the elite safety play behind him,  but when we talk about ET, he's a disappointment and isn't very good."
"Follow up tweet from Jeff ""For those saying camp fights happen everywhere and are much ado about nothing, sure, that's usually the case and it might be in this situation as well. But given these are Ravens' two starting safeties and Thomas can be mercurial, it at least bears watching."" 

Man we got to stop slandering Earls name even Jeff is doing it. Smh... All I know is he loves to win, shows up for work every Sunday and is a damn good player. We need to put some respect on Earls name again. Even if he threw a punch I see it as nothing but a regular camp fight."
"People in here thinking Earl Thomas isn’t good at football and wasn’t our BEST SAFETY last year are patently absurd. Watch the tape, Gamepass is free. Stop going off reddit narratives. Don’t cite me tackles or some dumb production stat. Prove to me you watch the film and came away thinking Earl Thomas isn’t good or Chuck Clark is better. Attitude comes with the deal. He’s a dog, end of story."
"Why does earl always act up now that he's a Raven? I had never heard of him doing this shit on Seattle and now it seems like he's always creating a lil tension. I love him from a skill perspective and maybe he's just ultra competitive but I just don't get it.

Clark gunna show the rest of the league who still sleeping on him this year :)"
"i saw these problems happening when we first signed the dude. i get everyone was excited about his elite play and all, even i was, but i knew this guy was an overly cocky player and wouldnt put the team above himself. you can literally just see his arrogance on his face when he talks to the press."
This will blow over. Relax.
Could Earl be any more of a clown
My guess was that Earl doesn't wanna listen to a 4th rounder calling him out. Earl said something along those lines and pissed off Clark.
"If ET wasn’t such a massive hit on the salary cap, he’d be at home tag teaming with his brother.. hopefully wearing a mask."
Fuck Earl Thomas
If this was Elliott vs Clark people on here wouldn't say much of it but since its Earl the ignorant comments come out.
""
he was right. lamar is nothing like rosen
"Cowherd will say anything to generate clicks. Half the league is ""his favorite team"" at this point"
Stephen A compared Lamar to Tebow just this year 😤
Such a bloke!
""
I really hope they work out Jason Babin
"
NFL teams received this without video of free agent DE Ziggy Ansah, who’s now healthy from a lingering shoulder injury and has bulked up to 280 pounds. He recently worked out for the 49ers; Bills and Ravens among teams who have the former Pro Bowler on their radar. 

***

posted by [@JFowlerESPN](https://twitter.com/JFowlerESPN)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1296880658262958080/pu/vid/1280x720/Jc70Foegv3OOsfg3.mp4?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Anyone got the video?
Don’t the bills have enough defensive linemen? Lol
Give Suggs one more run before this guy lol
""
Josh Reed of MD Sport Blog joins me to discuss available UFA OTs and TEs who could fill those positions with limited depth for the Ravens.
I'll be fair and say I didn't listen but the ravens don't need to worry about a TE depth.  Even in a TE heavy scheme we traded hurst and passed on TE in the draft for a reason.  We have a really good pass catching and blocking TE while alot of teams don't have either. OT depth is also the hardest position to get depth besides QB.  Not saying we shouldn't be looking but if thats our biggest worry I think we'll be ok.
"We all saw the picture and videos of him arriving, working out. Have they given an official statement about what happened as a result? Or are they just staying silent?"
"It’s kind of interesting that Dez has been inactive on all his social media accounts since the workout. He’s usually posting stuff daily. Either he’s heartbroken, or ravens asking him to keep it hush hush"
He left without a contract. I could be wrong but I don’t remember the Ravens reporting that he came in for a workout so there won’t be anything about it from the team.
Last year to my knowledge Jaleel made the team but wasn’t really activated throughout the season right?
Dez demanded to be the highest paid WR and EDC unzipped his pants and booted Dez from the facility (with his dick)
AB happened to Dez.
"Might just be waiting, I have a feeling they’re trying to get Ziggy or maybe even Yannick for the roster spot before dez.

Some of our other receivers showing up didn’t help him either."
Don’t forget AB is still out there. I can’t see us trying for both. We may not get either and just really like the WRs we already have.
[removed]
""
"I really liked [this preview](https://medium.com/fanvest-wagering-exchange-inc/baltimore-ravens-2020-preview-563d03321920) I found when searching through stuff on Twitter, I'm curious what you all think!"
I like that they used two very easily distinguishible colors for the graph
""
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"To anyone who has knowledge on training camp, which players have been showing out at camp and which players have been disappointing so far?"
"I haven't really heard of anyone who was expected to perform well doing badly just yet, but some standouts so far have been Calais Campbell, Hollywood Brown, Mark Andrews, JK Dobbins, DJ Fluker and James Proche"
Heard Boykins working hard and looking good
JALEEL
"Thoughts on bringing him back on a 1 year cheap deal ( vet minimum) and letting him start every game to keep his streak going. Plus with imam out, it could help bolster our secondary"
"If he’d take a deal on Vet Min, he’d be somewhere else for a little over."
"Of course. 

As Ozzie said: “You can never have too many corners” and the thought of Averett being next man up isn’t exactly comforting. 

We DON’T need a repeat of 2014 where Jimmy and Webb are down and we’re counting on Reshan Melvin and a corpse."
"I love Brandon Carr's grit, I hope he does end up on the Ravens again."
Carr isn’t even bad. Not sure why everyone hates on him.
"I love Carr but watch his play against the Chiefs. He's just a step too slow for these receivers, but would love him for depth. Even at his age, I think Carr's coverage skills and game knowledge trumps his aging athleticism."
"Too old and slow.  I love Carr a ton, but at this point no."
[deleted]
They posted an udate report on Hollywood brown to the Facebook page... this kid was running at 20.6 mph with two screws in his foot last season and reported to have passed that in off season training. That is dumb fast when you think about the fastest recorded speed for a human of all time is 28 mph
There were plays during the Pats game last year where he flat out just outran Stephon Gillmore. Don’t know why no one puts him on their breakout second year WR list.
"With the ravens being my second team, y’all got me drinking the Hollywood kool aid. Drafted him in every single one of my leagues this year"
"Eh.

There are a TON of players who ran faster. Hell, Hayden Hurst rand 20.53 or something like that. And from an earlier interview, Hollywood said in the offseason, he was clocked at about what his fastest speed was last year. 

I know I might be in the minority, but if we're going to keep gushing about his speed like he's one of the fastest guys in the league, I'd expect that number to be closer to 22. 

I know he was injured last year, but he's given no indication that he is faster this year."
[deleted]
I’m having my doubts there will be a season. I hope I’m wrong.
""
""
When did barstool become a reliable source for anything other than being a douchebag
I highly doubt dez threw up at his workout at all let alone after a few routes.
Dis is some fine tea we sippin right cheer. Fucking hilarious about Dez if true.
""
If Deshon wasn’t made of glass he woulda been playing by now that’s kinda the whole problem lol
This will only push them to be better and focused
Unpopular but true. #freeDeShon
"Here’s what doesn’t add up to me about this; 

Point one:

Earl didn’t freelance last year, he was incredibly disciplined in his duties and generally was pointing out to his DBs where they were supposed to be according to coverages when he was miced up. 

More to the point Wink runs a scheme requiring him to play more conservative as if he’s too aggressive we get exposed deep on those blitzes. 

Point two: 

The defense had won more days than lost this TC (Tuesday and Wednesday according to Lamar) and that doesn’t happen if you can exploit a week link in the secondary. 

That especially doesn’t happen if you aren’t allowed to really rush the QB. 

So this idea of mounting frustration would make more sense if the D just couldn’t catch a break. 

Point 3: 

This is anecdotal so take it with a grain of salt but last night Hollywood was streaming MUT21 last night and pulled an Earl Thomas card. 

Got excited and screamed out “EARL FREAKY!!” a nickname we hadn’t heard. 

Now does this mean he’s best friends with Hollywood? Of course not, but it’s surprising to think they don’t like him and want DeShon. 

Point four: 

Final point. 

Earl is a competitive guy and an unpolished speaker. He’s not Russell Wilson who’ll give you BS coach speak. He will yell at B Will for missing a game, but in fairness B Will came back and had a stellar year after that scuffle. 

Earl is easy to pick on in the media and gets more attention than most on this team so I’d be more willing to give this the credibility it deserves had it happened BEFORE the scuffle with Clark, not after. 

Finally we’ve heard from Peters, Marlon, Judon, B Will and other defensive players. None have praised Elliot or called him out as having a great camp. 

No reports have come out about this either. 

So I just find the timing of it all a little questionable to say the least"
"i'm not doubting his talent but the secondary needs to have that chemistry, and it feels like he's fucking that up. let deshon get some reps in with clark and see how he does"
"earl thomas is still elite in a lot of ways, this will all blow over when the season starts and he starts performing again. he's still really, really good."
"Dude still blanketed half the field. He’s definitely lost a step but people seem to forget, the less you hear your FS’s name, the better. 


Unless your name is Ed Reed, in which case it was usually because he picked someone off lmao"
What an entanglement.
"It'll all simmer down and actually tell Earl this isn't the Seahawks. It is the Baltimore Ravens where everybody is an equal when the whistle blows. Everybody does their part without complaining. Clark is the leader of the secondary and the signal caller for the defense. His voice should be the defense's command period. He is considered the smartest football player on defense and he knows. The only player in Ravens history who was freely allowed to freelance was Ed Reed and Earl Thomas is no Ed Reed. Lastly if Earl doesn't want to play as part of the team, trade his ass for pennies."
Least favorite raven pretty easily.
"So, who here misses the 2006-2010 Safety tandem of Ed Reed & Dawan Landry — sans most of 2008 (thanks to Jamal Lewis) when Jim Leonhard stepped in for a solid season — including the fun, yard-gaining / touchdown-scoring laterals between them?

No slight is meant toward these previous combinations: Ed Reed & Will Demps + Dime Back Chad Williams from 2002-2005 or Rod Woodson & Kim Herring / Corey Harris from 1998-2001, along with Robert Bailey & James Trapp also sprinkled in there during Nickel & Dime situations, respectively."
"This seems plausible, but it also REEKS of classic La Canfora speculation. No source applied here. Obviously there was some disagreement, but come on. They didn’t quote any DBs, or even an “anonymous” one."
COME ON EARL. WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY. GET YOUR HEAD IN THE GAME STOP THINKING ABOUT BANGIN WITH UR BROTHER
Earl doesn’t have the insane speed that he had earlier in his career. He can’t afford to take those same risks and it sounds like the rest of the secondary is sick of him fucking up coverages by trying to play hero ball.
"This is not surprising given everything we knew about Earl even before this story came out yesterday.

The guy is great, but his shitty personality is only becoming more and more frustrating."
"Team losing respect for Thomas, does he fix it or does the team just not listen to him all season?"
"Fuck Earl. I haven't hated on him and I've given time for him to get acclimated, but on the other hand I've never liked his personality. Now this, I just don't think he as a person does any good to our locker room. Last year calling out BigBaby for injury etc etc, I just don't like the guy. I'd be all in on seeing Elliott/Clark out there."
"The answer for everyone here is the same. Nobody cares, work harder. Everyone humble yourselves and train hard and earn your spot."
Given his offseason antics too...
Earl seemed to ease off a lot last year
I said all last year that Thomas was a liability for us in the secondary and got downvoted every time for it.
"Eh, Thomas most likely gets cut if these canards have any validity to them. Here's a Harbaugh quote on the potential recruiting of DeAngelo Hall (who ultimately went to Washington) back in 2008:

&#x200B;

""We would be interested, if he was interested in coming here under our framework... We've got some really good corners. We don't need a top corner. We need a football player.""

&#x200B;

Source:  [https://www.baltimoreravens.com/news/cmac-likely-done-7747543](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/news/cmac-likely-done-7747543)"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I don't expect much news yet from a late round rookie in a deep position of ours but a few experts did say Stone was the steal of the entire draft so obviously he has some talent.

Haven't heard his name yet from camp though, anyone have any word on him?"
"He got a pick today in practice, it’s on the website if you wanna see it"
All I know is that he got an int in today's practice.
""
Usually when I don't laugh at things I just mind my business and keep scrolling but this was so unfunny that I had to stop and let it out
I laughed so hard. The Derek Henry joke had me in stiches
It's not the pinnacle of comedy but it's funny enough and at least you put something out there. Nobody hits a grand slam at their first at bat!
I chuckled
""
How many first round picks will Bill O'Brien give us for Earl?
"I doubt we could trade Earl due to his contract, but man this is crazy. If he’s been sent home you gotta wonder for how long. 

I bet Clark calling him out really rubbed him the wrong way. Per the beat writers, “the counsel” made this call not the coaching staff. 

Get it Clark!!!"
"The @Ravens situation with Earl Thomas could come to a head today. Sources said the team's Leadership Council made it clear to decision makers they would prefer Thomas not be around. Cap hit could be issue but ""conduct detrimental"" clause provides potential avenue for relief.. keep in mind this came from Jason La Canfora"
Yeah Earl this is not the Raven way
"Ever since he was yelling at Brandon Williams during the first Browns game for being injured, I really do not like Earl on this team. Thinks too much of himself."
"Gotta remember this is a very proud defence scrimmaging against the world's best offence. Communication likely isn't great so early into practices. Guys are gunna get burned, coverages are gunna be blown, guys gunna get frustrated. As long as cooler heads prevail and it doesn't carry over into a real game, we should be fine.

Let's not go headhunting before the season even starts, okay? When baker turns the ball over 17 times week 1, nobody will even remember this happened"
"I dont like how everyone is pretending like we don't need earl, don't forget the years between Reed and weddle."
"The #Ravens are back on the practice field this morning, but Earl Thomas is not, I'm told. Per Tom Pelissero"
Is it time for the joker?
Good put his bitchass in timeout! Earl don’t ever try to punch my boy Chuck Clark-especially after all ur bullshit lately.
This fucking story just won’t go away
I hope this blows over by the season. ET is a good player and hopefully this player leadership council can work with him.
I’ve tried to really like Earl but I can’t. Comes across as arrogant and not team-oriented. Although as fans we don’t see a lot so I don’t know.
What good FA safeties are there right now?
I just hope they can move past this
"I'm getting sick of this dude.  He is overrated, big mouth, ego, etc.   

Sounds like a locker room cancer.  Ship his ass to the Texans."
"Seems to conflict with the Jeff Z story, who I trust way more, that Earl finished practice."
"Initially I thought this was just a normal training camp fight...maybe not. Unfortunately this close to the start of the season it’s damn near impossible to find a replacement safety on ET3’s level. We have the most stacked team in the league rn. GROW UP, GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER, AND WIN THAT DAMN CHIP."
Hope all gets situated out there. That stinks.
I never liked him. Felt he was too old and a step behind. It really cemented when Derrick Henry stiff armed him and Chuck Clark lifted Henry's legs and tackled him like a man in that playoffs game. Ship him to Dallas or somewhere else.
He sexually frustrated. His bro is too far away
This is not good. Thomas for Ngakoue?
Earl going home to who? His brother? lol
"Earl Thomas hasn't earned the Ravens defensive stripes to act like a Diva. If he can't conform to the defense's calls and wants to freelance, he must first become an Ed Reed like figure in the NFL which he simply doesn't have the talent for. I'm hoping he's been sent home to cool off, reflect and then come back. But, knowing the kind of ego he packs, this is pretty much it. He must have gone off on the coaches too after he was summoned to discuss the situation. I would take Clark every day of the year over a tantrum throwing, free lancing Earl Thomas."
Clearly no one here has ever played football LOL. It makes a team stronger and they’ll go out to eat together.
Woah this just got serious
I’ll withhold judgment but it seems like Earl threw a punch after Clark called him out for blown coverage ... not a good look for Earl to say the least.
"I'll take my turn trying to read between the lines as well, I guess:

Regarding the ""scuffle,"" it sounds like ET got called out one too many times for not adhering to his coverage assignment, i.e. freelancing. If this was an issue last year, it would make sense because if y'all remember even he said he was taken aback with how much more complicated the Ravens defense is than Seattle's. By his accounts, their D is simple and mostly allows guys to rely on their instincts. The Ravens D, meanwhile, is famous for being Dick LeBeau-level complex even after Wink simplified the verbiage for it. So if ET needed a full season to acclimate to such a different system, that's fairly understandable. HOWEVER, if the dude is still playing the same way even after a full offseason, I'd be frustrated with him too. Weddle proved that position on this D doesn't need to be the second coming of Ed Reed to work. He just needs to be on point with his assignments. 

Now, given what we've gleaned from ET's character both this offseason and over the years, it's fair for us to question whether this guy either can't grasp our defense, or doesn't want to. If it's the former, then the issue is probably his pride and maybe the team can work things out. But if it's the latter, that comes down to being a poor teammate, which the team's culture has zero tolerance for. And I don't see fences being mended if that's the case. 

Losing ET would definitely be a blow, but I hardly think it would sink our season. PFF has pointed out that his stats from last year are (by their estimation) mostly due to teams avoiding him because his coverage was so good. But history tells us that addition by subtraction can work if that's what's called for (AB is a newer example). So if the FO decides they need to get rid of him, all we can hope for is that we get something for him. 

If Pelissero (sp?) is right about the $10M figure, the Ravens may offer to pay the sum for their potential trade partner and dispute it with the NFLPA or whoever as the season moves on, just so they can get compensation. I don't see the team outright releasing him unless they feel they have no other option."
"Conduct detrimental--do these clauses count assaulting another player in a non-contact situation? If Earl legit punched Chuck, it could be a contract out."
I got to stop buying jerseys
Is he suffering from CTE?
Earl wouldn't swing on Brandon Williams though
So is Chuck officially on the Council now?
"Beyond the incident itself and how the players seem to be opposed to ET, isn't being sent home, that is out of the bubble, the kiss of death? How long would he have to quarantine before rejoining the team?"
CO CAP SZN
Jimmy Smith would flourish at the safety spot. Deshon is a baller too but might need a little more time to integrate.
"Thank God for Chuck Clark. I was hoping we qoulda let him go during his whole gangbang snafu. Not because of that, but his play doesnt command the amount of money he is on. This just frees up more cap. I hope we just straight up cut him and use the savings to front end load someone we need to keep."
Its training camp. Guys fight.
I'm tired of Earl.  Most overated safety ever and dudes clearly got issues.
i think people are going way off the rails here.
"One fight doesn’t make teams release a pro bowl level player, the rest of the team hating him and screwing up chemistry makes them release him."
IF AND ONLY IF the team wants him gone.....y’all think we can get Dallas’ new WR for him????
I hope they get rid of him. Wasn’t a huge fan of signing him. Trade him. Cut him. Idc just get rid of him. Everybody else is about the team but him.
[deleted]
""
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
[Zrebiec] Lamar Jackson punched Barner then suplexed Chris Moore and Antoine Wesley. He then gave Eli Wolf an atomic wedgie. Not your typical training camp fight.
Earl is the other player not on the field.
""
I don’t see how we cut him unless we somehow turn it into conduct detrimental to the team and free up all the cap he’s sucking up
$25M in dead cap?! Why?! I doubt they can release him on the basis of conduct detrimental to the team.
"This is a load of shit, there's no way we could release him even if we wanted to"
That would be incredibly foolish to cut him considering all the dead cap that would occur. ET3 just needs to cool his head and realize that we handle things differently here in Baltimore
Some of you guys are talking about how releasing him would negatively effect the cap. But what’s worse then bad cap space is poor team chemistry. And if the secondary truly doesn’t want him in Baltimore like the reports say. He’s going to have to get cut. Regardless of cap situation
"Can someone update me? Im not from the US and timezones can be a bitch when news break. I know he and Clark got into a fight but thats basically it, which isnt much, camp fights happen every now and then. How is this different? What started the fight? Was it a serious fight? Why is the potential punishment so hard? Those sort of things."
It's interesting that the players are also anger at Earl. Hopefully this incident calms him down. Throwing a punch (potentially even a sucker one) at your *defensive* teammate is crazy.
This must have been a building situation players are probably tired of his shit at this point. Hes reaching that point into his career that his arrogance and ego are matching his play so now its a problem
Bulllllllshit
Who’s trying to trade for a safety
I’d like to know what exactly he done
""
He is already green dot guy and teammates have a lot of praise for him. Not surprised they take his side instead of Earl's in a fight
"Chuck Clark is a star in the making. Has some of the highest Defensive IQ I’ve seen in a while, coaches trust him for the green dot, and his teammates all sided with him against Earl. That’s no small feat on this Ravens team.

While Earl might be more athletically talented, Chuck has more riding on him in a team sense. We must protect him at all costs!"
"Chuck's intentional offsides play against the chargers last season was one of the smartest real time game decisions I've ever seen...all his players were out of position and he knew they would be beat for the touchdown, unless he drew a penalty that simultaneously wouldn't allow the offense to run a free play."
Chuck = king
Bruh. I just noticed the upvote button is Old Bay and the downvote button is Heinz.
Remember last season when people were saying ET was a bust and a cancer but got downvoted to oblivion?
""
He got way more than what I'd normally get for selling back books
"Seriously the worst. I’m out of college awhile now, but I was an English major so a lot of my books were novels. I’d buy it for like $25 and they’d offer me $3 back. So I have a pretty nice size library of my old novels."
He should have just found a site to download it online. And really the team shouldn’t even require the latest playbook considering how expensive they are.
Please don't eat the onion guys lol
"Just in case someone doesn’t know, this is satire."
Why is this posted here?
""
"The actual tweet:

“My understanding is the #Ravens told Earl Thomas to stay home today after sending him home Friday following the practice altercation with teammate Chuck Clark. No decisions yet on his status, but keeping Thomas away for now buys time for Baltimore to evaluate its options.”"
"This makes sense. Give the baby a timeout.

In all seriousness this could mean many things. Team wants to evaluate life without ET? Sure. Team wants to remind ET he's not above reproach? Sure. Lots of reasons to do this."
"Deshon Elliot szn. 

Seriously the Ravens do not tolerate that shit in the locker room. This ain’t Pittsburgh..Earl better wise up real quick. 

He may be an All pro player, or used to be, but he he’s behaved like the opposite of a leader. Something that Chuck Clark seems to have down."
damn what the fuck is happening
Oh snap.
Seems not to be popular in with anyone at all
""
Truuuuuuuzzzzzzzz thank you Jesus
Lamar taking a day off. Madden came out yesterday. I wonder if there's a connection there lol 🤔
BUT WHAT ABOUT MARCUS? PANIC!!!
Did Flacco ever get a rest day?
""
"If this is true, sorry Dez"
"""What's incredible is Boykin is only 6'2"" and 224 pounds. Boykin is really exceeding expectations this offseason""

\-*Follow on Tweet*"
Dez did what they wanted him to do.
"File this one under the ""until he shows it in a regular season game on even a somewhat consistent basis, this is just more camp hype"" folder."
I'm really excited about this. I've always loved Boykin and it's about time we developed a WR well.
They passed on a few big target possession wrs to give him a chance.
I’m thinking he makes a huge leap in season 2
"He was great last year's training camp too, I'll wait till regular season games."
Just checking in to say that soon after last season I said my prediction was that Boykin would turn into an Anquan-like presence and I’ve never really had a prediction turn out right before so you people will never hear the end of it from me if this happens.
Hes the important wide receiver in our team not duvernay or proche.
"If this is true, Boykin will be that bully receiver the Ravens has been looking for. He's built like one"
I think with a season under his belt he can take a big step. Hopefully
He should have had opportunities last year too. Plenty of tape where he had 1v1 separation but Lamar didnt pull the trigger. Gotta put it up there and let him go get it.
Glad to hear him playing like his size that was my biggest frustration with him last season was he wasn’t using his body or physicality enough.  I don’t even care about his speed so long as he can get more contested catches and be a red zone threat.
damn this has me hype. I think we have a really interesting group of wrs this year
""
"They’re called the Ravens North, get the name right

Also good luck to Bronson, hopefully he can stay healthy for once"
Of course he is on the New York Ravens
That's such a Jets thing to do
His brother plays for them too
He wasn't a TE when we drafted him was he?
""
I cant wait for him to line up in the Wildcat or chuck the ball 40 yards to team MVP Jaleel Scott next year.
Madden rating guys in shambles
I feel like I’m in the minority here but I’d still like to pick up a vet TE. If Andrews goes down that definitely will leave a major impact to our offenses considering how much Lamar targets the TEs
Swiss Army knife of the offense.
""
Flashbacks to Giants receiving corps
I don’t know if group vacations are the best idea in 2020 but at least they’ve got that camaraderie down lol
"So Lamar was there too?

/s

Lamar is the best QB in the league and best RB in the league"
""
""
@ /u/BaltimoreRavens release the footage you cowards
We have Jaleel Scott.
-aggressively jizzes-
The gates of heaven have opened.
Our god has emerged
"Move over Snyder Cut, this is the real footage we need"
"This is some deep state bull shit, they don’t want the truth to come out. Bunch of Chris Moore fans"
No word from /u/Blacramento. He has probably ascended.
""
">longest non-QB run of training camp

😳 league in trouble"
Alllll aboard!
Run D must be really amazing to limit our running game that much so far
Gus comin' through. GTFOTW.
Makes more upset he wasn't the workhorse against Ten.
So we can trade one RB & Earl for what exactly
Eddie is the much younger player who isn't even in his prime yet while Earl is way past his. Eddie would be a ballpark and could go back to becoming the best FS in the league
Posts like this are stupid because we aren’t playing Madden.  No way the Bears would ever contemplate this.
I don't see why the Bears would do that but 100% on board if it were possible
We would have to throw draft picks in. No way Chicago would agree to that trade.
We can’t trade Earl. It would put us millions over the cap. It isn’t happening. We aren’t cutting players to make our team worse
[deleted]
""
"Contract year for Bowser, so that means he’s going off this year"
Full mast.
This team is lights out if Bowser and atleast one of these young WR steps up this year
I have a feeling Bowser will be the first homegrown passrusher we keep. If he hit the 10 sacks mark this year i dont think hed ask top dollar.
Steel sharpens Steel.
[deleted]
>Jason La Canfora
Fuck Jason
"Jason La Bullshit reporter. Can we not post Cowhedumbfuck, Skip Useless, and Jason on this sub and act like it is real reporting?"
""
Great blocking by earl on that play
F5 season has come again....
Lol no offense but I think Harbaugh fked up more than Thomas in this game
ET apologists coming in hot
Bye Earl!!
""
"I really do think it's just the frustrations of camp plus covid that boiled over. I don't think Earl is getting cut or traded. I think Harbaugh kept him away for a day to give him a vets day but also to let things heal. I also think that by week two, we won't be hearing about this anymore."
I mean if you had to play against Lamar for an entire summer you’d start throwing your helmet also
"I think he honestly handled this really well. He was hoping that it would stay internal and that would be that. But he addressed it, showed the play and explained his error. Good on him. Football isn’t easy and playing against the number one offence makes that even harder."
"Post is now deleted when I watched it just a few minutes ago. That would strongly imply posting the footage was a big nono on Earl's end, this'll get interesting."
I'm not sure if this makes it better or worse. He clearly wants to stay but I can't imagine the team is happy with him posting practice tape on instagram.
"You mean considering everything happening right now, two full grown men could make immature decisions and reactions? 

There's a difference between justifying (not ok) and forgiving (very much ok). Give them a chance to even get there though!"
"f he deleted it before i could see it

anyone have it saved/alternate link?"
You aren’t supposed to post 11 on 11 drills FFS.
He deleted it tho
"Repost [on twitter](https://twitter.com/brgridiron/status/1297254345386463233?s=21) for those that are asking

Sometimes these things happen in the heat of the moment, we all need to learn to control our emotions better"
"???? yea I appreciate the intention but I don't really think it's the move to leak the formation of a clearly effective pass play

&#x200B;

unless he was given approval to post it.

&#x200B;

but who know at this point. everything gets overblown and exaggerated and dramatized for the sake of getting clicks"
I'm pretty sure Earl freelance blitzed around LT when he was supposed to be back in coverage.  Chuck is playing deep middle and throws his helmet after they give up a TD.
"No ravens liked it, although they’re practicing right now so I wouldn’t expect them to"
I don't see any rational way Earl plays for the Ravens again. I really don't. My suspicion is he may have gone off on the coaching staff too when they tried to bring the two together to figure it out. Just a hunch. We'll know more from John's presser tomorrow.
"I have nothing against Chuck Clark but this sub immediately put the blame on Earl. Looks to me like Clark was the one who started screaming his ass off pulling his helmet off and slamming it to the ground. Am I wrong or is that Clark at the end?


Edit: The reason I ask is cause Earl said he was calm and met with aggression."
The guy just shows our plays to the public lol... Also we can clearly see Clark throw down his helmet something's up here
Any of you sly mofos happen to get a copy of the video before it was deleted?
"It seems like the video isn’t available any more. So, that could indicate a legal issue."
[Chuck Clark](https://imgur.com/gallery/cvEFfiR)
"So Earl is scared of Chubbs, Henry and now Andrews!"
Guys.. this is not a Raven move. He’s a problem. Why are there people still defending his actions?
""
"Earl would file a grievance immediately and that would get the money tied up for awhile.  Its going to have to get really ugly for us to cut him.  I think a trade would be more likely, but 10 million in 2021 would really suck, because it’s going to be a big off season."
"Earl is just a brand name to me. He can’t rush the QB, doesn’t blitz well, and lost a step in the pass D. Guy has unusually short stride for a safety(be it a SS). 

I’d be happy if we brought in young talent and save cap space. This is what we do as an elite organization - we develop talent on the defensive side."
""
There's a reason why people like Sarah and Zrebiec are more respected amongst ravens fans than La Canfora
"Sarah is always a beacon of level headed analysis. Her, Jeff and Ken McKusick are my favorite follows"
"Seriously bruh its the doldrums of summer and we’re all thirsty for nfl news, so this little thing is being blown way out of proportion."
Ooh. Aged like milk.
""
Part of The Jackson Hive
Omg let me edit my title.
""
"I love Jeff, best Ravens reporter"
Jeff has a point though. It's become tiresome to see people blaming the media for this type of stuff (among other things) when they just report the news that they found out. And this response to Jeff is on a post sharing what Earl posted on Instagram...don't see how its the media's fault.
Jeff ain't taking shit from someone whose writing abilities peaked at stuffing his name into a delirium pun
"Who exactly are ""the people that want him out"" though? That's what I want to know"
"Damn, I’m not calling out any of his stories. Earl is a veteran and has been in the League many years. Even if he was right, he should have the maturity to just keep his mouth shut and say something to Chuck in private. I get it Chuck might have got in his shit, but Thomas going on socials is making a bad situation worse imo."
Jeff from the top ropes!
Lmao Jeff u dunked on this mans head
"Jeff is great. Amazing beat reporter and worth paying for the Athletic.

This is clearly not a media manufactured story. It may blow over, it may not, but the media won’t have any say in how the outcome is determined."
"I gotta say, I think we take Jeff for granted how awesome it is to have Jeff be our media guy. intelligent, on point, and no bs like a lot of other media outlets. This dude is the real team goat"
People blame the “meejuh” for everything that they don’t like.
Big Nuttz Jeff
"Yes, sending the player home is a significant gesture, but it is too bad that the story has to get to the media or the public at all. The team can handle this internally one way or another. And people wonder why teams may limit access to practices etc."
"When Jeff Z comes at you like that, just take your L and delete your account man. Holy shit. 

He’s also not wrong."
He’s not wrong here but the media does suck tho.
"These fans ... Jeff is providing important details and will not stand for ignorance. Lets be honest, ET is overpaid but provides leadership and hunger over 30 years old. If money was the real case, he would’ve already gotten cut."
Damn Gina - that’s a hot take!
Get em.
"Wait people want Earl out, did he just let something slip?"
"Deleted my previous comments so I can just say this. 

Sorry Jeff, but when the company you keep in Baltimore sports is comprised of JLC, Mike Preston and Jerry Coleman- yes, people get to play the media is bullshit card. 

There’s a reason Harbaugh and the org have a bug up there ass when it comes to some of the local reporters. It’s a shame Jeff gets swept into that group because he does a solid job. But at the end of the day, Baltimore media can seriously sensationalize and straight up create...bullshit."
You tell em Jeff
"Media thrives on conflict and drama, whatever the truth of this situation is. One of the biggest issues facing the modern world and so many people don't even understand that."
Damn that's some prime /r/quityoutbullshit material right there.
"Meanwhile, he's tweeted about this almost 11 times in 48 hours.

Are there seriously no other Ravens stories to report on right now? We have to settle for TMZ quality Ravens coverage?

*yawn* this story is boring."
"Even me and my high school football team fought every now and then, we were all aiming for the state ring and when you’re practicing hard sometimes shit gets out of control. I never got sent home for fighting with anyone but a few of my buddies did, I even fought with them sometimes but at the end of the day we were still brothers and they’re still my closest friends I have today. A little fighting always happens and honestly it makes me happy that they have the passion to fight each other, that means they’re all in it 100%. Just my take on it at least, I feel like others that played football in hs or college can understand. Maybe not though, lmk."
"i get what both are saying, but youre kinda doing a red heiring. The Media will report on this as something that could possible be problematic for our team,  when its just one fight that happen where Earl Thomas got sent home over something minor. The first point is that the media is gonna try and blow this up because Ravens are in the top 2 teams"
Let’s play the blame game
"My issue is with the fact that if the media 
 knew that he was skipping meetings and not showing up to walk-throughs, why didn’t they mention immediately after the fight? Instead of acting like the fight was the main issue."
Y’all better keep that same energy if they cut him and the middle of our defense turns into the twilight zone this year. I’m saving comments. On god.
"Nah, fuck the media."
Qanon on the menu boys
"I love Jeff's reporting but today he's been updating us on every single tweet and IG like that was real news.

It's not - it's gossip.

BREAKING NEWS: someone just updated IG again! #acereporting"
" I mean he's a headcase, but is he really this bad? I mean the two worst plays he's made as a Raven were trying to overcompensate for our leaky Run D last year. Getting stiff armed by someone 50 pounds heavier than you isn't that embarrassing(trash talk didn't help, I know), and being honest that you didn't run as hard to catch Chubb, who was going to score, isn't a great look either(would people have cared if he just lied and said that he felt his hamstring tightening up as opposed to telling the truth)? But is that why people think he's washed? Notice how literally all the metrics say how elite he is as a coverage safety, and how nobody can produce a lowlight of him getting burned in coverage in a game. Who's the replacement....Elliot? Dude has been on IR more times in 2 years then he has INTs. I highly doubt that part of the rumors about how certain Ravens players *really* want to him to start over Earl because of one incident. 

Let's move past performance as well. He talks a lot. But does that matter? He said that SF should be worried if they had to face us in Miami....and we beat them that week. When did being confident turn into a bad thing? Hollywood is talking about how he and Lamar are going to be like Montana/Rice, but not as much people care. Sometimes you are going to be burned by your swagger, and so be it. Shit happens. Chiefs said the same thing about Derrick Henry, but nobody remembers because they won. Nick Boyle said that the Pats were unprepared for our offense, and New England fans thought that would be bulletin board material....but it wasn't because we kicked their asses. He didn't tell the Ravens about the incident....but what legal problems did he get himself into? People forget that he was the victim in that sex incident. Being a douchebag to the mother of your kids isn't exactly an indictment. I mean we welcomed back Terrell Suggs and Jimmy Smith with open arms didn't we? 

But this practice episode is probably the worst thing he's done so far. The fact that Chuck Clark(Let's be honest, who even knew he could get pissed) got upset at Earl and punches were thrown by Thomas isn't exactly a good look. Especially when the Council wanted him to spend a day home and away from them. But are we going to cut him because of *that*? Don't get me wrong, he could be fined or even suspended....but stop acting like this will make him radioactive to the point no team will sign him. According to the rumors, people hate his freelancing and according to Jeff Z [he might have worn out his welcome](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1297216648101994497). 

In conclusion, I think that a lot Earl Thomas controversy is overblown. He isn't washed(he'll be picked up in FA faster than a whore can sweat in church), I highly doubt people want Elliot to start over him right now, but he isn't necessarily helping the team chemistry. I don't think we should cut him because he's way too good and not that big of a headcase to justify getting cut. Does he freelance? Yes...but so did Ed Reed. Point to me blown coverage in game that was ETIII's fault. This isn't even like an AB situation where he was constantly doing shit that seemed like he wanted to get cut. But let me know in the poll what you guys think. I feel like this sub is more level headed then other media forums like r/nfl, Ravens Twitter and Ravens FB. 

EDIT: We cut him for conduct detrimental. I'm currently putting on my clown makeup.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ieqnxc)"
"If he really is skipping meetings and showing up late and the team is pissed idrk how to defend that, but other than that this is a circus"
"Honestly if his actions of laziness and doing his own thing are causing internal issues than it's a disciplinary thing, if he is going to be moved then I would rather it be a trade than anything else so we dont absorb that 16 million in dead cap cutting him but I feel like Earl is a very intelligent individual and a team suspension would probably send the message better than outright moving on from him if anything at all because he is still a talent in this roster"
"Look keep him, people beef and it’s probably a good thing because it means we have strong competition and the veterans shouldn’t feel easy. We always want to be better and he’s obviously upset and Clark was upset but it’s all about being better, if this is the worst thing to come out of our camp damn we are good."
"We all want it to work out, but the facts say this: Earl has consistently been late to and/or missing meetings, not participating in workouts, leaving early and returning late from byes, rubbing teammates the wrong way and putting the PR and front office in awkward situations. It’s gotten so bad that the players are unequivocally ‘benching’ him for all intents and purposes. It’s either he apologizes, they talk and he changes the behavior or he doesn’t and he isn’t part of the team (either via cut/trade or just straight up sitting or suspending him).

Yes he’s a very good player still and we are better with him starting, but we are definitely *worse* if he’s poisoning the locker room."
Is Ravens Legend Omar Brown still available?
"I would so much rather trade him than cut him, I'm hearing due to his heavy contract that a trade would be more unlikely and that cut him/trade him, we will be taking a pretty big hit as a team that is already light on cap space as is...with a number of young stars like Stanley, Humphrey, and Judon who need new contracts. 

Can anyone think of any realistic trade offers we could look at? It's the Ozzie way to try and atleast grab something for him rather than cut him straight up."
"I am not a fan of the guy, but I recognize his on field value far out weighs and petty reasons for not liking him.
He is very valuable to our defense. 
Keep him."
Im praying this blows over and we keep him. He’s too good at what he does and i hope by Monday that everything is cool
Jimmy Smith would be our full time S over Elliot imo.
Cut him and add clowney if we get to void some of his money
I want DeShon to outplay him for the spot not for us to necessarily move on from him.
"The problem isn’t just one fight. That’s bullshit. The issue is that Earl Thomas is a consistent detriment to the Franchise. He’s got the hallmarks of a big ego, never takes responsibility, sucks stopping a deep run(last year with our scheme issues anyone who got 4 yds past the line could almost be assured a TD), and gets heated when anyone attempts to correct his issues. Toss in his injury issues and propensity to run to the media crying, and I wouldn’t want to play with him either.

Earl Thomas is not a team player. He never has been and never will be. Some Seahawks fans talk as if he was the most angry and maladjusted LOB member, and one of the other guys is doing time for a murder.

Edit: Down vote away Brotherfuckers"
"I don’t think we get rid of him this year (wouldn’t surprise me though). His play is not worth the price tag but there’s no solid proven replacement at this point. We have rookie ILBs, and if we cut ET we have a potential 1st year starter taking his place. For a team who’s goal is Super Bowl or bust cutting Earl imo hurts them more now than it helps. If he starts the year and is giving up big plays and just looks like he doesn’t belong then cut him then, he’s already made his money from us this year anyway."
Im with you man.
""
Can we just see what happens Monday before we light this match and flick it?
"This is fine.

/s"
"Let's just hypothetically say we do move on from Earl. There aren't many safeties available right now. Do you guys think Jimmy could transition into a full time Safety role? I know it's been speculated that he may get some reps there, but without Earl, he may have to make a full time move as a way to get our best DB's on the field since we have plenty of depth at Corner. I've also always thought Tavon has the skill set to play safety."
"We’re in for 25mil cap hit over the next 2 years if we cut him. It just doesn’t make sense financially. 

As much of a Deshon Elliot stan that I am.. even I know I can’t get excited for him taking the starting role with his injury history."
Oof... This'll cost the Ravens a pretty penny for one year
""
The bad thing about Madden is that Lamar Jackson is the only reason I’m buying it this year.
I feel bad for Lamar because he is on the cover of the one Madden game where fans are starting to boycott/retaliate at EA for not caring anymore.
"I buy Madden every few years as a digital copy but our Llama had forced me to get a physical copy this year, can't decide if I'm pleased or displeased at this development"
I'm not buying madden. First time in years.
Everyone just wait till November and walmart will have a sale. That when I buy all my games
[deleted]
"&#x200B;

[llama Jackson](https://preview.redd.it/hyxucp1k0ni51.jpg?width=2268&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8276a4a7c2f321eba4feb4e102404b081696e3d2)"
Lame.
Would be cooler if those were Oakleys
"Ok, so I created a league myself based off of the input in the other thread. It's a 10 team PPR league. Draft is scheduled for September 5th (week before season starts) at 7:00pm eastern time. Right now its not for money because I don't want to be in charge of people's money.

https://fantasy.espn.com/football/league/join?leagueId=10084908&inviteId=ea866d51-522f-4f9a-8283-379a3afa6a3b

Feedback is welcome too"
Dammit I was late. Have fun guys !
Joined
I'm in
Good lord the ESPN app is horrible
Im in
Sweet
Joined
There are reports that players have made it known to team executives that they want Thomas gone. This is an in house issue. Who the fuck is the leak in the team executives office if the report is true.
what we really need to hope is that the DBs can act like adults and squash their beef with Earl and vice versa because the team is undoubtedly better with Earl than without. Get them together in a room and give them some tough love. They are playing for a championship so get your shit together and do your job
"Couldn’t players make that known anonymously? If they want him gone, why not say it and mention you told the FO"
May be front office instead of a player.
"I would like to know where people keep getting the notion that the players are telling team execs they want ET gone, because it seems to all be stemming from the JLC tweet, and he's pretty much the worst possible fuckin source. I'd trust an Onion article over a JLC tweet."
"I'm curious if his insistance on freestyling is because he can't perform our complicated scheme.

He had trouble adapting when he got here and I can see the other guys being frustrated that he can't get it."
Exactly who is leaking this bullshit in closed practices. All we shoulda heard about at most were tempers had flared. That’s all.
Players are leaking it to put pressure on FO is my take on it.
has anyone stopped to consider maybe someone just heard them yelling on the field and it's not in some kind of deepthroat situation
[deleted]
My Uncle is a Rams fan. We got talking about football and I told him one team that is easy to pull for is the Ravens. I said I love them almost as much as the Pack. He started saying I hate them ever since last season. He got real salty when I told him that. He said they ran up the score on us and how he hopes next time his Rams play you guys in the Super Bowl it’s payback time. I said the Ravens will be there waiting for ya but you guys will probably never get there. He didn’t like that either. I said Good luck getting past us too. What are Raven fans thoughts on the Rams.
I didn't think it was just running up the score this past season. It was Lamar's big prime time game and he put on a show and then sat out in the 4th. Game solidified his MVP candidacy. Plus remember all the players waiting to get pictures with him haha. Good to see a post from you RTJ
"As a football fan: i think they’re meh at best especially in their division and their defense is solid, but i think they’re offense will struggle without Gurley (even though he was pretty mediocre last season).

As a Ravens Fan: I couldn’t really care less about the Rams but i get the want for revenge, when the ravens play the titans i expect a win by at least 70 points"
My thoughts on the Rams: Good luck in that division. They haven't been important since Warner. I'm glad your uncle is salty. You're doing the lords work when you troll him
"Complaining about running up the score. Is he also a Texas Rangers fan?

I think of the Rams as the 76ers of the NFL. Performed a relatively successful rebuild, added a lot of talent, but blew it by signing a lot of players to shitty contracts and making unnecessary trades."
"I want to start this out by saying that I definitely **do notttttt** troll on other team’s pages. I only look because I like to see what people are saying. 

After the game last year, they changed their subreddit to be dedicated to actual rams, the animal. Ever since, I’ve kinda pulled for the rams. I don’t cheer for them but I hope they pull it together."
Rams aren’t even in our thoughts.😆 Besides wasn’t it the Rams who totally took advantage of the Redskins over RGIII? Karma is a bitch.
"The Jackson Five game. We had 6 possessions straight starting at our first possession go for touchdowns.

We were up to our 35/45 points by the mid 3rd quarter, so what are we supposed to do with that much time left, run the backups it something haha? I'm sure your uncle would agree if the tables were flipped, but I get it, nobody wants to get embarrassed at home like that. This is pro sports so if a team's ever tired of having the score get run up on them, they know what they need to do.

Ramsey, for being such a loudmouth, he sure turned into a bitch. Not surprised at all, but I thought that was funny. He got trucked like twice by two different RBs. He tried fighting Peter's after the game, which was interesting.

 [Highlights](https://youtu.be/92LgF8-WrQk)

[Here's Jalen getting hugged all the way to the lockeroom for emotional support after the ass whooping. ](https://youtu.be/SRq4ShfbcGw)

Also happy to see you around here still rtj"
"Every time I praise our team on that cesspool r/NFL, they call me band wagon or that ""we have had one good year of success"" type shit.  Bitch, I still have my Suggs Jersey from 2001.  We have more Super Bowl wins in a shorter team life than most of the league besides the Pats and Broncos.  We match the Giants and Steelers in that respect.

Usually a Browns or Bears fans opening their mouth too.  Classic."
Definitely wasn't running up the score. They just played horribly and the offense dominated them. When you give up scores damn near every drive you deserve it
"Rams are insufferable and so are their fanbase. 

Thanks for MP Juicemayne tho"
"Rams aren't going to be relevant for a while, their cap situation is fucked lol"
The Rams have talent but they are run by morons who have no idea how to manage cap or draft picks.
The Rams deserve nothing but eternal suffering. They were garbage in St Louis for years then finally turned it around after the move. Couldn't fill a stadium with a Superbowl tier roster. Fucked Brees out of the big game and gave Brady another.
He started they were A holes to us by running up the score. I reminded him of when the Rams did that to us in the 2001 NFC Divisional playoff game. I said Karma hurts doesn’t it lol.
""
"Is Henry’s face a little photo shopped too here?

I can’t believe we lost to Ryan fucking Tannehill after going 14-2. Total joke"
Why the fuck are we putting memes up that insult our players?
"I know we’re getting sick of the ETIII speculation; however, I haven’t really seen this discussed. Everyone keeps talking about Elliot as a replacement, but why is Smith not the best viable option? It’s been rumored before he’d play some safety. 
I feel more comfortable with him back there, at the least he won’t be blowing coverages. I feel as though if he can play FS we can cut ETIII with the conduct clause and be done with it."
"Since Iman Marshall got injured, I'm sure they will keep Jimmy at CB for depth purposes"
"Wait, the Thomas circle jerk on here is about to downvote every post you have for daring to suggest he’s replaceable."
"It's no longer speculation. ETIII will never see the Ravens facility ever again. Good riddance to bad rubbish. Whether it's Jimmy, Brandon Carr or Tony Jefferson being resigned, we'll be A-ok."
"Additionally, bringing back Brandon Carr should start garnering serious consideration — granted, this is not the sole solution by any means, but still! It is a shame that preseason was not an optimal option this year, since there would have been 4 practice games to possibly get things figured out with different combinations."
"I’m not sure if it works, but what I do know is that I trust the coaching staff and FO to make the right decision and bring the right guy in if need be."
"I say start Elliot and bring back Carr, iirc he’s played in the safety spot for us before."
I want Weddle back if he has enough in the tank for 1 more year
"Jimmy isn’t really fast enough for playing FS. He’s a very good blanket CB and that’s where he should stay. If we are going to move any of our corners to FS, I’d think Tavon Young would probably be the best option. He’s very instinctive and has a knack for splash plays. Main point is, we have so much depth in our secondary that we don’t need to sign anyone if the situation with ET3 does end in a release."
"I think he might have a little left in the tank and while he didn’t look great last year, nobody did in that Rams defense aside from Donald. 

I mean Marcus Peters is exhibit A. 

If the reports are true that nobody in the locker room really likes him you’d be going to a vet they all loved with Elliot going so far as to change his number to honor him. 

Sure he’s not a playmaker anymore but he’s not going to be out of position and will be playing with the best group of corners and safeties he’s ever had around him. 

So if he’s willing, I could see this as the ace in the hole EDC has to patch this up and get to work. 

Plus at this point I’d much rather see Weddle get a ring than almost anyone else not on our roster."
"He retired. Rams would have the rights to his contract anyway. Also, did you read his quotes following his decision? The dude is done with football, and sounds like he would not wanna be a backup either:

“I’ve always told myself and told teammates and friends and family  that I was not going to be the guy that held on too long – held on that  extra year, couldn’t run anymore and ended up getting benched for the  young guy. Or the team’s not having success, so they want to go with the  young guy. I’ve always told myself that was never going to be the case  for me, and playing this past season with L.A. giving me one more chance  to live my dream, and I gave it my all.”

Weddle didn’t have his best season by any means, but he was an  important leader for the Rams and once again started all 16 games for  the 11th time in his career. He fully understood that he probably  wouldn’t be a starter in 2020, either, seeing Taylor Rapp and John  Johnson as the top two safeties in L.A.

And for Weddle, the thought of preparing for another NFL season wasn’t one that made him feel good.

“Honestly, thinking about getting ready for football, working out,  running, going through the pain every single day to get your mind and  body ready for a season makes me want to throw up,” he said plainly. “I  would much rather be doing 10 other things than doing that. When  thinking about that and the past season, and being away from my family  for the first time in my career, and battling some injuries that I’ve  never had to battle took a toll on me. At the end of the day, I gave it  all I got and I’m very content with what I gave to this game and what I  gave to my coaches and teammates and my community and everyone that  surrounded me and I can move on with a smile on my face and enjoy the  next chapter of my life.”

\[Source: [https://theramswire.usatoday.com/2020/02/08/nfl-rams-eric-weddle-retirement-2020/](https://theramswire.usatoday.com/2020/02/08/nfl-rams-eric-weddle-retirement-2020/) \]"
Ed Reed is probably in decent shape. Rod Woodson is still alive. Plenty of alternatives to Thomas.
"I'd love to bring Weddle back as a coach, but as /u/M4RRS pointed out, Weddle's playing days are done."
"No disrespect but weddle was not physically fit to play for us in 2018, there is no way he can play for us now"
"He wasn’t good enough for us his last year here. I didn’t watch many rams games last year but did see his secondary get torched for 5 touchdowns by Lamar. Atleast 1 being his fault. 

No reason to think he’d come back and all of a sudden be quick enough again to stop the big plays from happening."
Speak to any rams fans and they’ll tell you how horrible he was for them
Speak to any rams fans and they’ll tell you how horrible he was for them
"Honestly better option is maybe a cheap veteran minimum to Logan Ryan who expressed his want to shift into a safety role, he'd definitely be a useful presence of a vet who has several years of playoff experience"
"But we don't need a back-up, we need a starter..."
"I'm not against it as a back up option, the more veteran characters the better"
""
"Also [this](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1297501251182252033) from Zrebiec: 

""Im skeptical that there will be a trade market for him. As for the the other two options *(cut or suspend him)*, I’m not sure. I honestly think it depends on whether they feel like he’ll change his behavior. The more people you hear from, the more you realize how badly it had gotten"""
Ah fuck.
"Could a “conduct detrimental” release save us any cap space and maybe we get Clowney or Yannick?

Edit: We released him for conduct detrimental. Let’s hope we can keep some of this money and at least grab a pass rusher"
"The front office ought to get Earl’s brother to talk some sense into him, they seem pretty close"
"I can't believe a 31 year old would throw away a perfectly go-

*remembers Antonio Brown*

ah."
So DeShon Elliott is our leading FS candidate now I guess. Hope we see what he's made of
"""Earl Thomas is not going anywhere"" - Everyone on this subreddit yesterday."
"I don’t even care about his play last season, fuck Earl Thomas. Nothing excuses a veteran player acting like a baby"
"I initially thought Chuck Clark should have reacted better than he did but if you have a teammate being late and not going to meetings and then he blows a coverage, I can totally understand why Clark would be ultra pissed. 


Earl described the situation as ""made a mental mistake that I tried to explain calmly and was met with aggression."" That's some narcissist victim shit to twist the situation in such a way. Explain calmly all you want, when you're showing your team you don't care enough to go to meetings, there is no excuse for mental mistakes."
If this is true he needs to go.
I know it's not looking good but I hope we get *something* for him. There's gotta be  a couple teams out there that need a safety
Okay so are we all on the same page that we should test the market to trade him? Good locker room dynamics are incredibly important and this ain’t it.
Thank God we have an organization with some fucking class and cojones. Bye bye you overrated child.
He could come play full back for the Titans🙃
"Damn, guy has a job that millions of people could only dream of and he wasn't going to meetings???

Didn't know it was this bad. Don't feel bad for him, but hopefully we can find some quality depth back there. 

Is this the return of Tony Jefferson? Has he been signed anywhere?"
"I know it doesn't tell the whole story, but watching Earl's IG videos and seeing his pictures during the offseason...he looks like he is living the life of a model instead of a professional athlete.  He is just lounging around on boats.  Meanwhile Lamar and Hollywood are working on drills everyday."
"This is dumb. Dude allowed *FOUR* yards in coverage over the final six weeks of 2019. *FOUR*. Dude is still an elite FS and we’re moving on from him for who? DeShon Elliot and his glass knees? Jimmy Smith, the oft-injured 33 year old whose played corner his whole career? Whose to say Clark wasn’t a by-product or playing next to Earl? This will come back to bite us in the ass, I know it"
"oh well if he has a history of chronic bad behavior then let him go. I mean it has to be more than just a fight. That must have just been the straw that broke the camel's back  


ok Geno Stone or Deshon Elliott, come on down"
I wonder how tony Jefferson’s leg is doing
Ughhh dude why. Can’t we just suspend him for a game or something. I think getting rid of him is a mistake. I sadly don’t trust Elliot with his injury history.
Sounds like his last two years in Seattle.
I mean he just comes off as a a complete self absorbed douche bag so if it makes us worse in the secondary so be it..
"I did not expect this to get to this point this quickly.  I trust the team to know what's best and I think they made the right decision long term, but man it's a bummer that it didn't work out."
Ravens are going to need to get another safety for the earl trade. Ravens shouldn’t bring Carr back.
I wish they’d just fine him. He’s an integral part of the team. Wish there was another way.
"Honestly, after the news of him and his brother running a train on some chick, I was questioning if I even wanted this guy on the team anymore. Like if you're gonna do some shit like that you better do everything to make sure no one ever hears about it. Then you had the shit with him talking about tackling Henry last season and he whiffed on that hard."
This is a mistake
"If our organizational culture was as good as people here act like it is, this situation would have never gotten to this point.

Don’t get me wrong, we have a very good organizational culture, but it’s not God-tier."
The media are really pushing this story to get those views lol
[deleted]
"I know most fights end up being one of those “it’s just football” things, but getting sent home then held out of the next two practices is pretty significant. Should be interesting to see how this plays out but I trust Harbaugh and the FO to make whatever decision is best for the team.

Edit: he gone"
We all know he has activities he can do at home...
Side note what time is practice today does anyone know
""
The right move imo
i know he was good for us (for the most part) but idk i think this was the right move. . . i just don't think a veteran with an attitude problem is good for this team. these guys can pick up the pieces just give us a team guy. i think they made the right decision. wish him all the best.
[deleted]
""
"Wooooow!

You know, no matter how much people said this would happen it’s still just as shocking when it’s official. 

I don’t know how this affects us long term. On one hand, I love the Admin really emphasizing and standing behind the *Play Like a Raven* moniker. I also really love that this means they believe in this defense and the guys behind Earl. 

On the other hand, although people easily meme’d him whenever they could for example the Henry stiff arm... but the dude was elite and still showed a lot of that on the field. Sucks that we couldn’t get this to work out, but I trust the Front Office that this was the best move. 

Another bright note on this, I believe we can finally end the AB debate. If they couldn’t get past this with Earl, then there is zero percent chance Antonio Brown ever steps foot in this locker room."
Well then...
"It’s one thing to be released for being bad at football, but it’s entirely different for character problems. Embarrassing for him. Flock will be just fine"
Trade to Jags for Yannick. Give them a 3rd along with ET
Everyone in this sub was denying this yesterday 😂
Man I hope if this is true and he was really that bad he goes to Dallas and we drop 40 on them
"I have to say I didn’t see this coming & it bums me out. Not that many better safeties out there other than Earl but I trust Harbaugh & our F.O if they think it is a addition by subtraction situation. I really wonder who takes his place, his departure leaves a big hole in the defence."
"I think he dug his own grave by apologizing and posting a confidential video that shouldn't have been posted. There's a reason the live stream won't show 11 on 11 drills, and there he goes posting a video from them. 

Yes, it's just 1 play, but that doesn't change the fact nobody outside the organization was allowed to see it until it was used in-game.

The Ravens could potentially add that up as more conduct detrimental for the team as he is leaking the playbook."
this sucks but I trust our team. If they feel its right its right but man 25 million in dead money at worst 15 million at best for one season for play fuck me.
I just wanna kno how this effects the cap space.
Finally sign an Elite player to clean up the secondary and we have to cut him for stuff that could have been avoided. Sucks but seems like he didn’t really want to be here
"His most memorable moments as a Raven are yelling at one of our best defensive linemen for apparently being lazy, getting steamrolled by Henry in the playoffs a week after saying that wouldn't happen, and punching the guy who wears the green dot on defense.

It will definitely be a hole to fill, but it's not like he was lighting it up on the field for us. And since it sounds like the majority of the players wanted him gone too, we wouldn't want to keep someone like that on a team with high expectations."
"0 Cap hit when cut for Conduct Detrimental,(from what I gather). Clowney here we come"
"Im sad we're going to be missing out on his talent but chemistry comes first. This dude is literally picking fights with the nicest guys on the team, just unacceptable. I'm hoping to at least get something decent out of this but we'll see"
Bye Felicia.  Don't let the door hit you on the way out.  He'll be a perfect cancer for a cancer team of Dallas.
Shocked with how much we are paying him that this is going to happen. He must have really pissed some people off. Didn't notice him a ton last season but metrics seem to think he played great and allowed Peters to play his style. My concern with letting him go is with our other guys staying healthy. Jimmy and Elliott aren't exactly known for that.
"Trade him (use that EDC magic to get at least a 3, maybe even a 2nd, and a later pick) and then sign a discounted Logan Ryan."
This affects our ability to win the super bowl this year tremendously. He’s an elite FS and our defense will suffer because of losing him
Fuck I seriously just love how no-nonsense we are as an organization.
wow
wooow
"I did not think this would happen let alone Sunday morning, wow!

I thought he was washed anyway, but I hope we can avoid the cap sink somehow. The tweet suggests we will avoid it."
oh boy. turns out this was much worse than we thought.
I was at my grandmothers wake yesterday and buried her this morning and already the world seems less disciplined. Smh.
"Give me back my fake internet points, you irrepressible legion of Thomas homers, thanks."
I really like Earl so this is hard to swallow. I really wish he wasn't acting like a fucktard. I think it's a lot harder because we're so close to the season! If they had traded him over the off season it wouldve been easier.
I really hope Earl's contract money goes to Clark.
"Wish it didn't have to happen but fuck do I love we have an organization willing to make these decisions. 

Imagine playing for a team setup for the next few years like the Ravens and all you have to do is show up on time and do your job and you can't get it together."
I think we have seen this before erratic behavior out of no where. Earl Thomas needs help. I'm a big fan of his but it looks apparent that the game football fucks up your mental
Great no-nonsense business by the FO. I hope we can trade him for some good players to keep the similar quality level.
Got downvoted to hell for post suggesting this yesterday. Apologies accepted.
"Could someone give me rundown on what happened, I am OOTL"
Alright....I’m ready for the NFL to officially cancel this season
It had to be really toxic for this to happen.
49ers fan here. What happened?
Handing Dallas a pro-bowl safety is probably the most painful part of all of this. They are licking their chops right now. Lol
Why didn’t we just shop him and get something back at least? Now his contract eats up cap space
Time was good
"I don’t like this at all and frankly I hope the FO changes their mind. Obviously I don’t know the full extent of what he did but I have a hard time believing you can’t hold an intervention with a full grown adult, convince him to stop being a shithead and broker peace with his teammates. This is bad for our secondary and will almost certainly be bad for our cap situation now that teams know we will just cut him if we can’t trade him, neither of which are a luxury we have considering the contracts we have coming in the next couple years. People shit on him for getting trucked against the Titans but he’s still a top coverage safety. There’s no way Peters has as good of a season last year without Earl to cover up for his mistakes."
Y’all owe me a fucking apology
FUCK FUCK I HATE MY FUCKIN LIFE SO MUCH NOW I HATE EARL THOMAS UNBELIAVABLE
Mess up on your coverage one time during practice and the Baltimore Ravens will cut you /s
Lmao guess we don’t want to win a SB afterall
Mahomes is licking his chops. You better believe Kelce and the new RB Clyde Edwards Helaire are gonna go ham on you guys now.
""
"Sucks because obviously the goal is to win right now, but if we somehow get out of his contract without a heap of dead cap via trade or conduct detrimental to the team, long term this is a big win."
He nearly got into a fight with Brandon Williams & tried to punch Chuck Clark because he blew a coverage. I wish he’d channeled that energy to chasing Chubbs or tackling Henry
FUCK
This dude is angry. HoF player but so damn angry.
"Got downvoted to shit during the regular season for saying ET looked bad.  He was a weak link and a mistake in the first place, at least we can cut losses and move on.  Fuck that guy, this’ll go down as one of our worst FA signings."
The media still blowing this out of proportion like y'all said? Lol
""
Whatever he talked too much wreck before the playoff game. Embarrassing.
Fuck
You fuck your brother one time......
I love how everyone was bashing the media on how they're blowing this out of proportion and they ended up being 100% correct
I just don’t believe he’ll get released.
If we release him and only take a 5 mill dead money (due to misconduct clause) I think EDC goes out and gets Yannick. I also see Tony Jefferson coming back for depth. My 2 cents.
"lol we got it, but thanks"
"lol we got it, but thanks"
""
"just a joke! he played well for us for the most part. hate to see him go, but i think it was the right move. good luck elsewhere, earl."
"All jokes aside, I’m really proud that my organization takes pride in behavior and community, off field and on field performance. I get it most franchises make decisions for overall locker room health, but the birds are on another level. 

Proud of Baltimore. 

I’ve no doubt we’ll be able to replace him. Especially since we brought Campbell to help solidify the D Line"
"We have a pretty gangster organization if you ask me... We don’t give a damn **who** it is, if you aren’t all in then we’ll get you out of there."
Lmao this is pretty good
""
I’m all for dunking on earl but he definitely didn’t fuck his brother
"They were in separate rooms, shitty journalism led people to believe they were together or some shit"
I’d pay to see that.
💀
[deleted]
[deleted]
Madden's fun
They’ll get right on it
"Let’s fleece another team, get 2 first round picks"
We all know he is gone but the question is who do we trade him to. Its a $25 million cap hit to release so we know th front office is gonna try to deal him to someone. Who do you see us trading with?
I have a feeling Eric “5th round” DeCosta might strike again
"If it's a conduct detrimental release his guarantees are voided so it'll be much cheaper than if we cut him for bad play, cap space, or something like that. not sure about trading him and cap space though"
Who could we sign for depth is the real question? Wouldn’t be mad if the joker started... but his history makes me think we gotta bring in a solid back up
"A man can dream, and a man I am. I think the money would work and the Jags get something out of Yannick given it is known he doesn't want to be there. I truly believe our secondary will be far from what it is with Earl, but it will not matter if we can get consistant pass rush with Campbell/Judon/Yannick/Wolfe.

I put this on my vision board, so there's a damn good chance it happens."
"Haha Dallas fans are in r/NFL tryna say they can get Earl for 6 million dollars.

Why do they always think they can pay their players half of what they're worth

Edit: Now I get why the NFCE hates the Cowboys fans. Oh boy they are blind homers"
Come on guys we all know Earl is going to be traded to the New York Ravens for a 5th
"Does anyone else here not want Yannick at all? We can’t afford to pay him with our young core coming up, and be seems like as much of an asshole as Earl. This whole offseason he has said a ton of things that haven’t helped his situation at all. Also, he apparently sucks against the run, which means he can’t play olb in our system"
Jags are tanking. It would make no sense to trade for a 30 year old safety
5 million in dead cap then 17 million from Ngakuoe puts us way over the salary cap.  Quit playing with salary cap off in madden franchise mode.
""
Throw him and RG3 in
I bet EDC gets Yannick or Clowney now...
Wouldn’t work if we trade Earl we get 5 million in dead cap this year and then have to take on 17 million from Ngakoue this season which puts us way over the cap.  Plus we’d have 10 million dead cap next season.
Logan ryan > Yannick ngakoue
""
"What were you looking for and why the fuck is Björn Werner #2 lmao. His career is long over, he's a color commentator for NFL broadcasts in Germany now lol"
""
[deleted]
How much will home field advantage matter with no or limited fans?  Home field is big in the NFL but I don't see it being as important with no fans.
It’s going to be odd for sure but honestly despite how well we play at home I think it gives us an advantage. 11 v 11 with no distractions I like our guys’ chances against anyone.
"Really weird. 

Honestly watching the highlights from the stadium practice was odd without the fans, it felt like some rookie trading card photo shoot they have in June after the draft. 

It’ll also be different not to see people in sports bars watching the games and just the general isolation as a whole. 

But if it means we have a season at all, keep EVERYONE safe and get through the year without any spikes then I’m happy. 

But yeah, it’ll definitely take some getting use to"
Truth be known I would MUCH prefer a full season with NO fans as opposed to a shortened season with fans in any number.
I hope they still shoot off the fireworks for the touchdowns
"The NBA games have been much better than I expected however I don't think the NFL can replicate the same environment due to venue size.  I hope I'm wrong though.

If the Ravens are winning and staying healthy then I really won't care.  I'll be cheering loud in my house wearing my purple gear."
Ask Browns or Chargers fans
"Not as weird as having no players in the stadium.

If having a full season of football means no fans I’m fine with it."
"Watching UK football (soccer) with no fans was pretty weird. Could hear the individual players calls and cursing. Was really interesting that it wasn't much different to what you hear playing amateur stuff. That said, we kind of get that with mic'd up videos, but those are edited, so may still get raw stuff out there, assuming the piped in crowd noise doesn't drown it all out."
"If they pump in fake crowd noises through the tv broadcast then we won’t really noticed. I liked how the networks handled the soccer matches with the fake noise. After a few games it’s not even a big deal. And that’s in stadiums with seats up close in the camera view. NFL stadiums usually don’t show much of the fans when showing the actual game and following the play. So as fans, we won’t really notice."
Very
"I wish the sound guy could play loud cheers and chants for the home team and boos for the opposing team. 

Then if they keep the camera on the field, it would feel fairly normal watching on TV."
""
How can we flip Townsend for a 5th?
league fucked
All remaining EDC doubters have been silenced
"MAKIN MOVES, BOYS!"
Destiny.
""
"wow, good for him."
"I know he's been active with weight loss since retiring, but the dedication to keeping up with meal plans and workouts as a professional o lineman must be grueling"
This guy is just so likeable. Hope the organization finds ways to keep him involved!
The Matt Birk plan.
Awesome for Yanda! One of the all time great Ravens! Now enjoy that retirement! If this Winnebago is rockin don’t come a knockin
"After the video shut off he went out and wrestled the buffalo, won, and then had it for dinner"
very happy for him
He's going to look so good in his Gold Jacket
This guy deserves all the time he can enjoying his hard earned money with his family.
"damn, pretty sure you still wouldnt wanna fuck with Yanda tho lol"
"That comment though:

> Who's that skinny dude with your family?"
His son with a ravens shirt 🥺 we miss you but we’re happy for you Yanda.
OP is absolutely right that’s he has been on a crazy transformation but still looks like an absolute unit haha
The goat
Must feel so good to not have to carry all the extra weight and get beat up every day in the trenches.
His thumb is insane. The double thumps up picture cracked me up 😂
Great to see an all-timer step into his new life and enjoying time with his family. Thanks for all of your hard work Marshall!!!
"[Here's the instagram post where the picture is from, it's a series of photos from a family RV trip.](https://www.instagram.com/p/CESuky3FT8Z/)"
"The man is about to turn 36 and had career earnings of like 70 mil.  Imagine that. Dude is set for life. He can take trips like that whenever he likes, buy anything he wants."
Marshal Yanda is just that dude. I wish nothing but the best for him and his family.
""
"I think ""the real people's tight end"" has a ring to it"
Non-Facebook link. https://www.baltimoreravens.com/video/wired-mark-andrews-puts-in-the-work
"""That's a nice cloud"" 🤣"
"I find these mic'ed up segments cringe most of the time, and uninteresting all the time. The players are just awkard and unnatural and it's just some lame ""let's go, all day, *grunts*, *pad noises*"" for 5mins. There are some notable exceptions like Ingram but it's rare.

I mean looking at Hollywood's segment a few days ago was so awkard, even though if you've watched him on stream he's very chill and laid back.

Edit: gotta love being downvoted for an opinion lol"
""
They should just do jersey swaps for people
If the name is sewn on it should be relatively easy to remove with a seam ripper. If it were me I would probably contact a sports memorabilia type shop to see if they can either do it themselves or point you in the right direction.
"This is why I always get Ray Lewis jersey’s. My Flacco, Pitta, Boldin and Rice jersey’s are retired."
This just made me think of how I wish I kept my old Ray Rice jersey so I could get Dobbins on it.
"Was also looking into options for replacing the nametag on my Rice jersey. There's a few online sites you can get custom replacements, but I haven't seen any samples to judge whether they look legit"
"Also, I figure I'll wait until the next 29 comes along, but are there any former players that would make sense (not Marlon, 44 is 🔥)"
""
Love you doom <3 and love this team too for being the type of organization that former players are happy to recommend
"Love Elvis, and love how much our ex players rave about the organization. Brings me a lot of pride as a fan. Awesome to see guys like Elvis, Weddle, Jefferson, Boldin, Steve (all guys who didn’t start out in Balt) all say how much they loved being a raven even after their time here was over. *edit: made wording clearer"
MVP Fax machine continues to pay dividends
Shoutout to big Doom!
It sucks we got Doom during down time in our team but it was still nice to have player of his caliber during his final years.
These posts give me super boners
"You have enough quality players/leaders who have worn our colors to have a leadership council and an alumni leadership group.  Many teams have 1 or 2 super respected, beloved (feared too lol) legends like Ray and Ed who we can point to, but we must have like 20 highly respected vets and alum who cherished their time here to be advocates for the franchises.  Guys like Steve Smith who was the face of the Panthers but he really saw being a Raven as a higher calling.

Hey, Earl, why didn’t you appreciate what you had here?"
It’s so funny how that legendary fax machine incident continues to pay off for us. Without it we would have never had Doom on the team and he would have never recommended us to Wolfe
Hasn’t he talked about this before? I remember him mentioning this in the press conference when he was signed.
"Doom was great, Daryl Smith was awesome, Boldin was spectacular, Steve Smith Sr. rocked... so many players who came to the Ravens at the end of their career and have loved it"
"I completely agree I love my organization and how they treat our players as people over assets. Our culture should be brought up with the conversation of the Patriots because we cut screw ups like Earl Thomas and Antonio Brown. Not only that but our culture has not swayed one bit since Ray Ray, Reed and Suggs left."
""
I am all aboard the JK Dobbins hype train
I’m convinced that’s a Wide Receiver
Great body control. Solid hands. Better break
"1) who was QB there? Break was great but the ball was late and not enough arc. Made the catch way harder than it should have been. (Note - may be that this is not the first read on the play, meaning the ball was low instead of late and not floated) 
2) Great catch, great break 
3) I’ve heard hype but not watched video yet of JK. May need to watch more...

2)"
Shades of Ray Rice minus the domestic abuse
"Ingram and Edwards in backfield. Andrews in slot, Hollywood and Dobbins out wide. What do you do here?"
"Dobbins may be our best new prospect. I'm also excited about Madubuike based on Wolf's comments in the press conference, today. (Dictionary suggested Marmaduke was what I was trying to type. That's as good a nickname as any!)"
""
Bruh
I feel like he buried the most important point here... apparently Ben Powers is taking snaps at center?
Getting way too hyped over Proche 😬😬😬
Spooky
I have a feeling that Powers may be powerless to make the 53 man roster.
Did someone go get it? There are trails through the woods back there but some of it is private property.
"Ben Powers is having a bad camp, dude might get cut."
"Earl was the odd one out on the Ravens. No one else on this roster talked shit and made us look dumb like he did. 

No one else got into serious offseason drama. 

He retweeted his highlight of the sack after the playoff game, the same game where he was embarrassed by Henry after criticizing the pats for not being interested in tacking Henry. 

He pulled up on the Chubb run. 

He acted as if our place in the Super Bowl was already locked down.

I’m glad he’s gone, and I think our team will be better without him."
I’m glad our FO sees there’s no room for clownery and drama in the locker room. We got our eyes set on a Super Bowl and him being on the team would cause a lot of distraction
"I think we're probably going to miss him on the field, so I wish things could have worked out. But I'm glad I don't have to defend him when he says something dumb to the media. He was the one noteworthily unlikeable player on the team last year that was otherwise full of incredibly likeable players."
"Earl might have NPD low key. Our team is too altruistic and postive to have that. Do hope we sign a free safety though as insurance. Eric reid, Bethea maybe"
"Gonna miss his talent, but not his character"
Earl did not embody what it means to “play like a raven” in any sense. It was obvious he was not going to fit in with our team’s absolutely outstanding culture and needed to get the fuck out of Baltimore.
"Probably the only player on the team I actively disliked, glad I will no longer have to root for him."
"Wel it sucks that we lost him cuz he’s such a good player, but I heard that the cowboys don’t even want him rn. Dude must have been a severe cancer and the coaches and FO were just keeping it under wraps the whole time until now."
Preach
"The Ravens are one of the classiest teams in the NFL, glad he is gone."
"I dont have beef with him on the chubb run, I really don’t.

Im sad to see him go honestly, but if he isnt a good fit for the team there’s no sense in having him."
Not really lol
""
"As fun as it is to Buck people, I would prefer it not become a trend... This is only so good if it used VERY sparingly.

EDIT: I'm really referring to this pretending to be a reputable tweet"
Fuck you lol
I got Bucked.
That's a real good buckin' right there.
I actually expected this to be true because it makes sense they would go for him
I know this was a joke post but holy shit it’s [actually true ](https://images.app.goo.gl/gnMJYE8o9ZQZ6kao6)
Damn I can’t remember that last time I got Bucked that hard.
Damn you can’t just bend people over and buck them like that
"I saw the blurred image and the faint lime green color in the middle and became suspicious.

...and then I clicked it like a FRICCIN MORON anyways."
"I came
Here to be mad... I’m mad"
This was good
Got me
"They had me in the first half, not gonna lie.

#MOTHER BUCKER!"
This is really believable because didnt they just lose a safety? I think you just bucked the whole sub haha
Uh oh
Got’em
Bitch. You’d think I’d see this shit coming by now. Take your updoot
This one got me fuck
"Wow, like, this is the first time I actually got Bucked!"
I sent this “news” to all my friends before opening it smh
Damn this one got me good 🤣👍
So now we gotta see him twice?
I got bucked af
BUCK YOU MOTHERBUCKER
You devious bastard. I got bucked
"Take my award that I got for free, dammit"
Just achieved maximum anger for about ten seconds
I definitely got bucked on this one
Well done!! I’m just gonna go buck myself
"I got bucked so hard, you can call me Superman."
"I’m not gonna lie, I haven’t been this bucked in a long, long time"
OMFG FUCK YOU. You got me. I was Bucced
Y’all some assholes lmao
"Alright I just went camping for a few days and had no service and this shit got me good.

I was like “WHAT THE FUCK DID I MISS”"
"I'll admit to getting bucked by this one.

Nice."
Damn I got bucked
Bruhhh😂
"Man I miss Buck Allen, seriously one of my favorite ravens, if only for his heart and this sub"
You asshole!
Woah dude that got me lol
You son of a bitch
"mother fucker you got me


...i miss these days"
You fucking asshole. I love it.
"Bro, don’t do that to Earl. This team is young and passionate. They’d take this type of shit personally and MP would be back there trying to beat ET’s ass even though we won by 40."
You sonuvabitch
This was a good one. Thank you OP
Wow
Can someone explain this meme to me
Damnit!
""
OG1 to TE3 in a few months.
This just shows how good the ravens staff are at nuitrition programs - our big guys are bulks through proper diets and weight training... not just eating a lot.
He doesnt look nearly as scary anymore.
Thats definitely his tat
That’s Ken Weinman
"Bull fucking shit. No way he looks like a regular dude!

With that said, I’m happy yanda can enjoy his life without stuffing his face so he can dominate DLs out there. He’s in the raven Rushmore wirh Lewis, Reed, Ogden, Suggs, and now Yanda."
So I guess no comeback imminent...
That guy looks like he can play free safety. FO should recruit him
Actually unbelievable.
Good for him
Retired offensive linemen losing 200 lbs. and living their best lives is my favorite football subgenre
"All these steelers fans saying how good they'll be since Ben is back, like he'll somehow finish an entire season

Fuck the steelers

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/igji63)"
who cares
Even if he looks bad I think he plays the whole season unless he’s hurt obviously.
I love how they think he’s the reason their going to win 11+ games this year. He’ll get carried by the defense to the playoffs if they even get close
""
""
Pretty sweet.   Where'd you find those?
Awesome!
""
Love LJ as a Packers fan.
""
Lmaoooo
I mean Derrick Henry sent Earl in a different direction in the playoffs 😂 maybe his awareness dropped
He could've pulled a hamstring!
[deleted]
""
He looks like Travis Scott Lmao tf is this
"Big

🔘Truzz

🔘Head"
he's been hanging out with Barry bonds
Rofl is this real
[Why tf can't they get it right?](https://imgur.com/tz8DRCM)
Winning MVP clearly went to his head.
"big ~~boy~~ head, no little ~~boy~~ head"
His left arm seems significantly bigger than his right arm. I don't want to make any assumptions but...🤔
"I'm crying

Because I bought the game"
People really drop $60 a year for this huh
At least they got the neck size correct
Prolly cause they spent all their time on franchise mode...
The facial expression gives me EDP vibes
His unique physique reminds me of the [sheriff in Squidbillies](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/squidbillies/images/8/8e/Latest.png/revision/latest/top-crop/width/360/height/450?cb=20200220135625)
Up+Turbo+Steal
Dr Hibbert: Gigantism!
Mr. Big Head
"They nerfed him a little bit, or I’m just not used to it yet"
*NFL Blitz approves*
He just built different
Dude is looking like From from Chrono Trigger lol
This is why I have been hating EA for years
"When ET first came and he did an interview where he spoke about how smart Chuck Clark was and he said something like ""if they got you here, why did they even bring me in?""

Trying to find this video/line.

On a side note -- Chuck Clark's helmet flip on ET at practice reminds me of the passion Ed Reed had and that UM halftime speech he did"
fuck earl thomas
https://youtu.be/LG_f1GzmwHo
https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1181969971821383680?s=20
""
I am satisfied.
"""Most likely not to answer call: Earl Thomas"" ayo"
"That was great. Super Bowl team, just a shame this year will have to be so different"
Do any other teams do something like this?
""
#MY EARDRUMS
Harder 😳
would have been good without the earape.
I love this!!!
Jfc
"I’ll get downvoted, but I’m still going to say it cause I like Lamar. He’ll be better than Mahomes when his accuracy is lil better, and he doesn’t lean towards running so much. And with the running being said, I hope history doesn’t bite him, cause most running QBs don’t last long."
So where’s his ring
""
""
We will have to wait and see . Anyone is better than a toxic fading vet who thinks he's too good to be a team player . Addition by subtraction in my eyes
""""" Having already filed a grievance against Thomas, the Ravens’ official website plugged his potential replacement, as head coach **Jim Harbaugh** crowned third-year player DeShon Elliott the starting safety in Thomas’ place. ""

Morons can't even get our coach right."
"""I mean, no."" 

Hopefully saved some people from clicking on this godawful article."
Didn’t seem like an unreasonable article to me.
They sleeping on my boy.
He is fast
Raven
I like lamp
lamer jakcson score very point. i liek point.
No. I like Lamar Jackson
"When i see Lamar Jackson i say ""yes"""
I don’t like Ben Roethlisberger. He doesn’t understand consent.
Me too! That boy fast as duck
Me too
"I also like Lamar Jackson. He is fast, but he also pass."
***GOTTA GO FAST***
I love Lamar Jackson
"I don’t like Lamar Jackson 

He not fast 

He cannot pass

So just remember that

He a running bac 

/s"
LaGOAT Jackson
"I like orlando brown

He is big"
Can the Ravens get him with Thomas money???
"I was opposed to this idea weeks ago, but now it’s making more sense to me. The (2002?) Buccaneers and the 
2018 Eagles  won the Super bowl with dominant defensive lines that made their secondaries look WAY better than they really were. An even better pass rush would help defend against the deep balls that Earl defended so well"
"We would probably have to wait for him to sign with someone to know what we could work with.

If they were worried about someone beating them to the punch they could restructure someone to move their cap hit to guaranteed money for next year and use that cash to bring Clowney in, that could come back to bite you though."
"Every. Single. Week. 

We don’t need him."
Would rather use any cap savings from Earl on an early extension of one of our younger stars.
Would much rather not. We've got some good pass rushers in the DLine and very capable edge guys. Would rather get another DB on the cheap and save the rest for the season/roll over to the next
"I mean we already have a strong run defense, and so far clowney’s main valuable trait is being a great run stuffer. Much rather pick up a free safety."
"We don’t get any savings this year on Thomas, right? It’s going to be decided next offseason when it’s determined by a judge of the terms on conduct detrimental to the team were violated"
"Honestly it would have to be an extremely front loaded contract and 3 years maximum, anything after that cap is going to be tight to keep stanley and marlo"
"Hello, 
I live in Texas and I do not want to get the NFL Sunday Ticket just to watch the only game I care about. Besides streaming it on links you'd find here and the NFL Sunday Ticket. Is there any less known services I could use to watch the games?"
"Online Streams. They are 100% legal to watch, ONLY illegal for the people hosting them. In 2020 you can get streams in 1080p. Most streams require you to exit out of 2-4 pops ups before watching and BOOM you are good. 

I haven’t missed a game since 2009. 

Most streams work on phones, streaming devices that provide internet, gaming consoles, etc.


I rely on Buffstreamz

(WITH A Z AT END)

Sometimes their streams don’t work for whatever reason, I have back up sites up in ready in other windows just in case it goes down.

I went from barely using online streaming to my go too. Streams went from always going down to MAYBE 1-2 Interruptions a game. Can’t beat it.


FEEL FREE TO follow me on reddit, add me into your notes to remind yourself to message me before games, IF you have trouble finding streams. I always will have a stream available."
"I use a VPN and purchase the international NFL game pass and use the app on my Apple TV to stream it.

You can get different tier packages so if you just want to watch one team (Ravens) it will be cheaper."
"Also, I would recommend going to the subreddit for your city and ask them if there are any Ravens bars near. Likewise with Google, just google up ""ravens bar in *yourcityhere*""

You might spend a couple bucks on beer but you'll be in the presence of Ravens fan, and you'll have the game running"
If you have a contact in Baltimore Sling may work if you set it up there.  I haven’t personally tried it.  I used to get student pricing on Sunday Ticket so check that out too of that applies.
"Where do you live in Texas? 

I live in Austin and we have a pretty cool Ravens bar here. Of course COVID is a thing and we have to be careful, but in the future, you should come out and watch a game with us. Great group of people and the bar we all go to is a great bar as well."
"I get every single Ravens game on DAZN, I’m in Canada so I don’t miss a single one!"
"I lived in L.A. for six years then moved to Austin. I know it sucks but I pay $99 or whatever using a friends student email for Sunday Ticket and it has saved be a shit ton of hassle. IMO it’s even more worth it this year when I won’t be going to bars to watch the games. Streams just aren’t as good or reliable, in my experience."
"Seasons4u

$35"
""
I’ve never heard of the org but is this legit? Do they provide certificates of authenticity? A grade etc?
This seems like a smart investment at 60 dollars.  Not very great memorabilia though because no logo.
"I really like [this all purple and black logo](https://fanatics.frgimages.com/FFImage/thumb.aspx?i=/productimages/_3733000/altimages/ff_3733225-c80a581d90c1b9b135abalt1_full.jpg), but this is the only product I can find it on."
"Hey guys, I'm the commissioner for the Average Madden League. We're wrapping up our second season now and have had a few people leave us for Madden 21. We've decided to stick it out on 20 for at least a little while longer, so we need to fill those spots.

It's a fantasy league so the rosters aren't real life rosters, but the Ravens are open. It's a really good group of guys that's stayed really active since we started this thing. We're about to enter Week 17 so now's the perfect time to jump in and handle the offseason stuff before our Season 3.

Here's the Discord if you're interested: https://discord.gg/QC58exR"
""
"Sure, for two firsts"
FAM... We are riding the Gus Bus until the WHEELS FALL OFF
"If they overpay for him, sure. But I would hope that we wouldn't trade him for a conditional 6th or something like that as I feel that he has more value to us than that."
"We aren’t getting anything more than a day 3 pick for him, so not really worth it in my opinion. Teams aren’t trading a whole lot for running backs when you can get solid production off the street."
Gus Edwards is significantly more valuable to the Ravens then he would be in trade to anyone else. I doubt anyone would even offer a draft pick for him.
I hope you guys kick butt this year.
"Not serious, looks like just a groin strain."
"I think that would leave us without a power back, and would be a huge mistake. Gus is our only true downhill runner/thumper, we are going to need him"
"I was thinking this exactly, in return for a safety maybe? Doubt they go for it though"
We have to worry about injuries and covid concerns. I rather keep him.
"I wouldn't be against trading Gus to anyone if the price is right - which it won't be because RB, but I doubt the Bears are particularly interested. Gus is the same kind of RB as Jordan Howard, who they shipped out because he didn't fit their offense since he doesn't produce as a receiver out of the backfield."
Omg- this post actually made my heart flutter.
"We can't, my fantasy team name is The Gus Bus, wtf am I gonna do if he gets traded?"
I think Bisciotti has said they will never deal with Chicago again after they fucked us over in the 2011 draft.
I'm assuming this is the ultimate goal with Gus this year. Find a dance partner and get some picks and let the guy get the reps he deserves. I'll prefer an NFC team so the bears would be perfect if there's a need.
I'm learned through age not to be greedy. Just give us a 2nd in 2021and two 5ths in 2021-22.  You can have Gus the Bus. Very important are the 2 5th rounders. They're like #1 picks for big dick DeCosta!
"For Eddie Jackson, sure"
[deleted]
""
Good shit!
[deleted]
"Been a raiders fan for the last 22 years.  Moved to the Baltimore area recently. I’m officially converting to the Ravens. 

I’ve never been in an NFL city before. I also can’t keep hanging on to the dumpster fire that are the raiders."
Say it
BIG TRUZZZZ
I think we have a transfer request form floating around here somewhere...
"It’s not official until you say, fuck the Steelers"
Welcome to Baltimore!!  You picked a great city and a great team.
"Welcome to the flock.
You have chosen wisely."
"Is there a place to exchange Raiders Bo Jackson, McFadden, and Asomugha jerseys for Lamar Jackson jerseys?"
Please fuck the Steelers and then report back to the sub-reddit ASAP.
"Welcome, fellow former Raiders fan!"
Oh wow. So there’s actually football after Week 17?  Being a ravens fan now has so many new benefits. Haha
""
Wow
"Good stuff.  

Would you consider making a higher resolution version that could more easily be used as PC wallpaper?

Something like 1920x1080 instead of 914px × 484px?

I mean, people could use this as-is and just tell Windows (Or Linux or whatever) to ""stretch"" the image and make it fit, but that distorts the art a bit."
I feel like his old-timey name would be something like Leviticus Jackson
Love the throwback logo.
Masterful.
"here ye, gather round and watch the goat run at spectacular speeds no human is capable of!"
Wow...my tendies are tickling from this.
"Damn, you're a good artist!"
""
This is truly sad
[deleted]
"I imagine we'll see something from the NFL players, but I don't think we'd ever see a full walkout like we're seeing in the NBA at the moment. The NFL players and fanbase are way more politically diverse than those in the NBA and a number of people would probably oppose any kind of strike on principle. You'd probably see a handful of players willing to step out but a lot more would want to stay and keep playing."
We cant just grind to a halt everytime something bad happens. The recent event is awful no doubt but I just dont see how an NFLPA boycott would accomplish anything.
"I don't understand how the NFL has a role in this. 

It would be like protesting drunk driving in front of the Marlboro factory."
"> after an officer shot a man 7 times as he entered his car 

Jacob Blake wasn't just entering his car, that's like 1% of the story behind how he was shot. Not taking a side here just wish people would represent the actual events correctly"
"Who exactly would be the target of such a season-long boycott, and what would you hope to accomplish by it?  The players are gonna have a prominent platform if/when play starts, and I am not convinced their p.r. impact would be amplified with a work stoppage.

Also, from a political standpoint, the Trump Administration would love for this to occur, and it would play right into his hands."
nah i’d be pissed
"I would never forget about the potential of this team but I already prepared myself mentally to feel that way months ago and I could never be selfish enough to cry about players standing up for whats right. Sadly the powers that be will never change things unless you hurt them physically or financially, so at some point something's gotta budge. Hope it doesnt come to that tho.

P.s. this is a wildcat strike and not a boycott, which is important to note. Power to the people"
"There's too much murder happening without justice taking place.   Too many murderers are walking around free.   Too many folks are advocating murder based on lies and bullshit.   If the players want to protest.  I salute them, and support them."
"There are bigger things than Sports and these events are. Way above. When I saw Jacob Blake’s video on Twitter, I almost cried outta frustration, this anger, this rushing feeling building up and I felt so powerless.

Like you would’ve think that after George Floyd the Cops would think things twice or thrice, before acting, before executing (or try to) someone but it keeps happening. Thanks the Universe that someone was recording."
This would be a good reason for a boycott. I wouldn’t be mad.
"I’d be disappointed for sure - I love football and having the season kick off is one of the few bright spots for me in 2020. I’d also understand and respect the players’ choices if they want to boycott.

With that said, I don’t think it’s as likely. As others have said, the league is way more diverse politically than the NBA is, and the league and coaches will likely fight it tooth-and-nail behind the scenes."
"No. Leave politics out of sports.  

And for the record Jacob Blake deserved to get shot"
[deleted]
""
JOKER SZN
Anyone gonna get a Elliot jersey? I kinda want to but it’s risky haha... maybe I’ll buy one so that he HAS to be a stud
NEXT MAN UP
This is so dope!🔥🔥🔥
He's my pick for the breakout player of the year this year... as long as we have a season this year that is.
I swear to god if he gets hurt again
Awesome job man!
Oh man please tell me he’s seen this
This guy gets more hype than our actually first round fucking pick.
That was really awesome!
r/LonghornNation would like this.
"This is amazing, great job!!!"
So sick great job
Very nice 👍
So sick!
""
Literally looks like a caveman what a trash game
78 superstar??? God damn madden lmao
I just wanna know why Boyle is a superstar but mark Andrews isn't
Honestly this might be the worst madden I’ve ever played
Blocking 76? Wut he’s a top 3 blocking tight end.
When did Gary Bettman start playing for the Ravens
That looks nothing like Boyle holy fuck
"Did they really make him a superstar? In all honesty. I give them props. He’s probably one of the least known useful tight ends in the league. 

I expect a big year! We got a glimpse of his pass catching talent last year when Boyle had the highest receiver rating in the nfl the week the ravens played patriots."
They watched 4 highlights then made him.....
Looks like a lawyer
Looks like a combination of Nicolas Cage and Ben Platt
How is it every year the face models get worse
Nick looking like he's about to fall victim to one of the classic blunders
""
You can’t contact the head or neck area right?
"That is a soccer level flop right there. 

If it works, it works.  No one is going to turn down a free fifteen yards, especially that deep."
"That actually looks like he got knocked out, which is even worse lmao"
""
great article. keep up the good work man
I agree with you idk why even is still so high on browns getting second in division as much as i hate to admit it the steelers went 8-8 basically on defense alone and now they have there hof QB and basically same defense no way they get worse
">Lamar...still needs to improve on his passing, and needs to progress through his reads more quickly

Imagine if people talked this way about quarterbacks who are on par with Lamar Jackson as passers or worse. I've never heard anyone say Prescott/Murray/Mayfield/Carr/JimmyG/Tannehill need to improve as passers and progress through their reads more quickly.

&#x200B;

The reason for this is because people are still hung on their initial perception of Lamar Jackson as a passer to the point where they'd rather dismiss the overwhelming current evidence that is a good passer. When people have a strong initial belief, it takes a lot to change it. The double standard is so fucking annoying.

&#x200B;

Edit: I just read your Browns section. No mention anywhere of Baker Mayfield needing to improve as a passer despite being objectively an inferior passer to Lamar Jackson I'd also like to clarify that yes saying a QB needs to improve as a passer is technically true so I Shouldn't have a problem with it but what I do have a problem with is it is not said about any other QB except Lamar Jackson."
""
"All I ever hear is that he was a promising young player. During the short stint he served with us before he’s horrible passing (may he rest in peace) I was taking a break from football at the time. So I never really got to see or hear anything from him. How good was he? Is he comparable to any current ravens? If not what would be your NFL comparison from a different team? No disrespect intended at all in this post, hopefully it doesn’t come off like that."
"The sad answer is that we really don't know. Tray was only a Raven for one season, and in that season he was CB5/6, so he didn't see the field much, hence zero starts and only two tackles.

He was a late fourth round pick, so nobody really expected him to be Revis 2.0. Coming out of college, he was your typical 6'+ corner; physical, aggressive, good tackling, but struggled against smaller, shiftier receivers who could use his size and aggressive coverage against him. Kind of like Jimmy was in his first year or two.

While you don't expect a ton from a guy who was barely a fourth-rounder(Pick 136, last pick before round 5), Webby was also a mid-round FCS CB, so it's hardly unprecedented for a guy like that to become a starter for the Ravens. Hell, Brandon Carr was a DII fifth-rounder, so just because Tray had flaws - if he didn't, he would've gone in rounds 1-2 - and a small school background doesn't mean he was doomed to be a nobody, especially with our track record of developing mid-late round guys into respectable players. (Chuck, Andrews, OBJ, Judon, Za'Darius, Boyle, Juszczyk, Wagner, BWill, etc.)

Again, the unfortunate answer is we really don't know. His death was before we even saw him in a second training camp, the sample size was microscopic. Maybe he was going to follow David Bakhtiari, Kam Chancellor, Geno Atkins, and Richard Sherman in going from a mid-late pick to a multi-time all-pro. He certainly had the basic physical talent for it, and we had the track record of making guys into that. On the other hand, maybe he was going to do what almost every mid-late round DB does and get cut after a camp battle three years down the road, bounce around the league, and retire with a pension, a handful of tackles, and maybe a lucky pick or two.

Ultimately, the tragedy of his death has nothing to do with how good a player he was or wasn't, because his career was so short we have no way of knowing whether he was Deion Sanders or a total wash. The tragedy is because a 23-year old died in a completely preventable traffic accident."
"I know that Ozzie commented that he was in play with their third round pick that year, and when he was still available in the 4th it was an easy decision. That anecdote might be all we've got."
""
"I always liked these alot.

We cant always wear all black else it wouldnt be that special anymore. Like when we wore them against the Pats and lamar & co. Just teared them apart that night.

I also like purple jersey -purple pants -black"
This is my favorite combo!
These are our second best combo after black on black
I really like this one actually. I'm disappointed we didn't use them in 2019
I don't think we ever used them before the LJ era
Black jersey white pants are my fav and underrated
This is by far my favorite uniform combo
"Lamar makes me like men, so you liking different uniforms is not weird."
I don’t think we used this before Lamar but it’s definitely my favorite combo we have in rotation currently.
"Ngl the black jerseys look good on any pants we have











...... except mustard yellow aka ""gold"""
"Absolutely couldn’t stand these, I and a lot of others would have preferred to see all black.. Something changed ever since Lamar took over, the layout just compliments his swagger. Very similar to how Micheal Vick’s 7 looked so good in that Atlanta Uniform, the purple pants set just looks so elite and high speed with our secondary playing lights out and Lamar Jackson slashing and dashing around.. I’m curious to see our future uniform layouts..."
We need an all white unifor scheme with a white helmet.
"Other than those hideous mustard pants we wore that one game, the only combo so far I don't like is purple tops on black pants."
Oof yeah these are easily my least favorite even for Lamar
"These are also my least favorite variations. 

Aside from the all-black, I really like the white pants and purple jersey (purple pants and white jersey too)"
[deleted]
""
"Quoth the raven: ""belee dat"""
"There are Ravens that protect the Tower of London and they’re starting to stray away because of the lack of food dropped by tourists (because of COVID). Sucks. The legend is that the monarchy will fall if the Ravens leave. 


https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/environment/2020/aug/20/bored-ravens-straying-tower-london-tourist-numbers-fall-legend-birds-monarchy"
"Metal and Ravens are some of my favorite words.

\m/"
"Random thought - As much as I miss the team coming out of the tunnel to “Where The Streets Have No Name” for sentimental reasons, the switch last year to “For Whom The Bell Tolls” was fitting for the Ravens and indeed, metal as fuck."
" Not only that, the work with wolves in Yellowstone, ravens will call the wolves to a dead animal, wolves open the carcass and the ravens start picking it clean with them, it’s estimated that a raven flock can get about a third of the body"
Sounds Like helllooo heeellloooo hahahahaahha
"Hey man, while the post is great, at least quote the OP if you are gonna steal it word for word

https://reddit.com/r/natureismetal/comments/ihhl0z/pitch_black_smart_as_hell_and_advisor_to_odin/

Edit: my mistake fam, I didn’t see tag/flair with the cross post to the OG. I’m in the wrong"
""
"Love. It. I’m pumped up.

Now here’s hoping we have a season."
"This dude has been nothing, but postive and productive since he got here. Not only did we get a good player, but we got a good character too."
Can you imagine our defense scoring more points than most offensive teams? I would love to se our offense #1 in points and then our D in the top half of the league.
I'll take a #1 offense with the #1 scoring defense.  Inject that shit straight into my veins.
fwiw they have to freakin practice against lamar and the offense. that's some serious iron to sharpen against
I doubt that if we control time of possession as we did last year
"If this is true, then we might start saying college football like scores"
Man if only we had a great free safety
[deleted]
"Posting this article because it speaks volumes to how our franchise is run when so many former players have nothing but great things to say about it. In this case, both Dumervil and Flacco.

>“I was like, ‘Hey, man. What do you think?’” Wolfe recalled during a video conference call. “And he was like, ‘Yes, sign with them immediately.’ So he was like, ‘You’re going to love it there. It’s your kind of place. They play your kind of ball. It’s a defensive organization.’”  
>  
>Wolfe has said he expected the Ravens to draft him in 2012, and he considered asking Broncos officials to look into trading him to Baltimore last season. He’d heard so many good things from then-Denver quarterback Joe Flacco about the organization."
[deleted]
Good Twitter is cancer.
Yup
I use twitter for sports news and try my best to avoid the comment section at all costs.
He deleted Twitter. It's gone. The whole thing. Poof
"A lot of people have been talking about stand outs in training camp, but I have not heard much about who hasn’t shown out well on the team. Have you guys heard of anyone who hasn’t?"
Earl
"Ben Powers is a prime candidate to get cut, and this sub will hate me but Jaleel Scott hasn't been able to make a place for himself even with Chris Moore's and Wesley's injury. He still has time though, and he might be on the practice squad anyways"
"Apparently, Ben Powers hasn't been looking too hot. [Jeff Zrebiec feels like he's on the bubble to even make the team.](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1298372307027722242?s=19) The Ravens have also tried Powers at center; [and reports say he's been struggling there too](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1298299121179271168?s=19)."
I guess Ben Powers has been a bit sloppy... really wanted him to replace yanda
"Ben Powers, Jaleel Scott, and Jaylon Ferguson are the three names I've heard mentioned by multiple people so far. 

RGIII and Trace McSorley have reportedly been inconsistent as well."
Jaleel Scott
"Antoine Wesley, before he got hurt"
Soft tissues.
Powers and Jaleel Scott in the last practice.
"Ben Powers has been getting beaten constantly by Madbuike, Trace McSorely hasn’t been able to get any consistency and has regressed in most areas, Kenyon Benjamin fumbled his first return and hasn’t really shown anything worthwhile to put him in the returner discussion, Broderick Washington and Justice Hill, bitch by virtue of the fact that we’ve heard almost nothing about either."
"Is it just me or has the training camp footage been a little weak this year? The training camp live streams are pretty lame. I feel like in previous years there were so many highlight reels coming out of training camp but I feel like this year most of the footage is positional drills.

Anyways, I just feel like it's been hard to get a look into who has been doing well (or bad) in camp by the lack of coverage."
""
The GOAT
Photoshop that ball out and we’ve got a new BUCKED meme template.
A fucking Ravens legend.
Flair checks out.
Buck be with you all on this blessed day!
Best running back to ever come out of USC. Teams feared him when he pounded the rock up the middle. A literal fucking bulldozer of a man. Always fighting for the extra yard. It was so sad to see this sure fire HOF’er depart in FA because we couldn’t afford his services. /s
The mid 2010’s Ravens will always hold a special place in my heart. He is the reason why
[Happy Buckday](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/ihw357/poorly_made_goat_template_hbd/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
HOF Buck Allen. The GOAT.
"I dont know what that football said, but his reaction feels a bit strong."
Who is that
[deleted]
YESSSS SIRRRR
"I mean, I'm ok with this."
I would be pleased af
You better not be Buckin’ me... friccan moron...
"I wonder if this is based on new information or just the previous rumors + new cap space. If it's the latter then I still doubt it, even with the added cap he needs to take less money to come here - unless he signs a multi-year deal which he's been totally unwilling to do thus far - and we'd still be using basically all of our cap to get it done."
Don't stop... almost there...
I could be wrong but I believe after the Earl situation we should have about $13m with the last $4 of Earl's hit currently tied up until a conclusion is reached on the guaranteed money dispute. $13m still seems a touch light for Clowney on a 1 year deal.
"Inject this straight into my veins.

Can you imagine? Clowney/Campbell/Williams/Wolfe/Judon with deep backups and promising rookies? And the best team of corners in the league? 

Would we even need a free safety?"
please lord let this happen after what we've been through
Sure. I'll believe it when I see it.
Please don't tease me like that....
More important role than ET imo.
Hes gotta be an upgrade from who we have now across from judon
How reliable is Tony Pauline? Don't tend to pay much attention to PFN
Cool. Tell me when it happens instead of this bullshit favorites shit
"I'm gonna be honest with y'all, I don't think it would be fair.

With how little practice teams have gotten this off season, their o-lines aren't ready.

Calais Campbell, Brandon Williams, Justin Madubuike, Derek Wolfe, Pernell McPhee, Matthew Judon, Jaylon Ferguson, AND Clowney? I mean...damn"
I never heard the name tony pauline before.. soo not sure how reliable this source is lol.
Sound like 🧢
"Interesting, I didn’t know we were signing our future Pass Rusher huh."
"I mean, you want to patch up the run defense, that'll do it in one swing."
This would put us over the top
👀
Well I'm not going to get my hopes up but that would be pretty cool if it happened.
I’m all for it. A dominant pass rush will  help our young safeties  tremendously .  The year the eagles won the Super Bowl their d line  played so well that it made the secondary look good (and they weren’t)
"Yeah if Zrebiec didn't tweet about it, it's not news to me."
Okay
"I don't believe a damn word that comes out about Jadaveon Clowney and the Ravens. Let it happen and I'll be gladly wrong. But, till then color me suspicious."
"I don’t see how this happens from a financial perspective. 

I also think Judon, Phee, Bowser, and Ferguson are a decent group. Unless Phee and/or Ferguson have really been disappointing in camp, but I haven’t read that anywhere. 

If EDC does it, I’ll be excited AF. But if it were me driving, I’d pass. We’d be overextending ourselves financially to get a somewhat inconsistent player on a 1 year deal. Idk if I could get comfortable with the risk, but EDC will have much better info than me"
Look at Jeff Z’s reply to that tweet
""
That's no fun
"To be fair I haven’t seen anyone saying he’s going to be spectacular, or sufficiently replace Thomas. I’ve seen excitement, support, and intrigue in his ability. 

Let’s have some fun and be hopeful for the guy"
"If he can stay healthy, he can be a solid starter. That is my expectation"
Chuck Clark wasn't anyone until he got his shot. I'm optimistic on Elliot being a solid NFL safety.
Elliot isn't a better player but he's a better player at the price.
Ofc I want deshon Elliot to flourish but I do have some worries. It is entirely possible that he can develop and become a good safety and a starter for this team but one of my main concerns is his speed (Which is mentioned in the video.) anyway LFG ravens and fuck the Steelers
[deleted]
I don't trust this source at all. Their film analysis is just nitpicking a few plays from a player to fit their narrative.
"You're right. But he did look good in limited action last year before injury. Pretty sure tackler, and he can move."
I mean what did we expect
I just want chemistry on the back end. Clark and Thomas clearly didn’t have that. No matter how talented they are if they have no chemistry it’s pointless
"Nope, he played lights out at Texas, has the size, in the perfect locker room... All he had to do is get his reps and stay healthy."
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ihsc8e)"
"700 yards? I wanna know who is serious and who isn’t, I want what you all are smoking lol."
How do I write in 1000+
"I wanted to say some where around 69,420."
Well jaleel Scott will have over 600 receiving yards himself week 1 and I'm assuming we'll rush for 100. Probably a couple of jaleel end-arounds
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ihshlx)"
"Hasn't played in 2 years and has chronic injuries including a bone spur on his foot that he refuses to get surgery on. It can and will rupture your Achilles. 

I do not know why anyone would want him over our in house candidates."
Aren’t Eric Berry’s rights held by the chiefs still anyway?
"i know he's (probably) not the best but the guys are rallying around Deshon. I feel like it's best to at least give him a shot, maybe he'll really impress us."
He has a chronic foot problem but everyone seems to ignore that
None of those guys are free safeties so you might as well go with Elliott
"Yeah, yeah, I know you know. I know you haven’t bought Madden since 12 or even 08 or possibly even since Ray was on the cover. 

I know Madden is garbage trash shit that you only play when you and your friends are five deep each in to a 36 pack of Coors Light and someone drunkenly uncovers the dust covered disc jacket of a $5 GameStop case with “Madden 17 Xbox” scribbled on the white printer paper shoved inside. And it all ends with someone saying, “this is fucking horseshit!” as Manning gets picked off for the 4th time or Brady throws his 7th 40+ yard TD pass. 

But this isn’t for you.

This is for anyone who forgets that Madden is and always will be - a terrible, awful game. It’s just bad. D+ at best. A 51 OVR at 32 years old. Not even remotely practice squad worthy. It’s development trait...is Below Average. First time that’s ever happened. 

Anyway, I just finished fucking ROCKING Big Ben in Shittsburgh in my Franchise for the first route I’ve gotten since figuring these still-the-same-yet-somehow-fucking-different stick controls, I finally played solid defense in a game where the AI is significantly *worse* for you no matter how good your team is or you play, hit “Finish Game”, the game froze (much like it does on kicking plays, right in time to fuck your timing up), and it just straight up deleted my game.

I guess that’s what I get for playing games instead of working like I should’ve been.

Fuck you, Madden. Fuck you, EA Sports. Fuck you, Pittsburgh. Love you guys."
Honestly it's madden 20 with another cash grab mode crammed into it
This is fr the worst madden I’ve ever played
After reading everyone saying it's trash and playing it myself. I can guarantee it's somehow worse than I thought it'd be. Lamar feels fucking slow but he just  slides out of tackles just to get hitsticked.
NFL Blitz was the shit
I (sadly) bought the version from the Xbox store but plan on buying a hard copy to keep in plastic on my raven shelf
Everyone says that when it first comes out. I actually don’t think it’s that bad. The slow user on D makes it quite difficult to play D but much easier to run the quick pass game. They corrected the run to a good level. Manual zone depth let’s you finally stop corner routes. Lots to like and it’s not even first update yet. I like it.
Oh I like it
Yeah the only reason I would consider buying madden 21 is because of the cover well actually because of who is in the cover. The cover sucks ass like the rest of the game more than likely will BUT IT HAS LAMAR FUCKING JACKSON ON THE COVER
I was thinking about getting it because Lamar. Haven't gotten Madden since like PS2. Is this what everybody is experiencing? Because if so I'm gonna wait until it's like 20 bucks.
Face of the franchise is both really decent and absolutely horrible at the same time
[deleted]
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ihttvf)"
Which bear is best?
Who is the best player? Or what?
Hollywood “Marquise” Brown
Tucker should be on that list.
buck allen
"I love em all, but if you didn't pick lamar, your dumb"
""
"Yas, mad flag lad, mon the ravens"
"Wow, that's great!"
Beats my Dutch Ravens Fan flag by a landslide!
"Nothing goes quite as well together as Ravens football and Scotch. Going to need to get a Canadian equivalent of this, too cool"
"Can you send me a link to get one of these, looks amazing"
Awesome!!! What time are the games around there? They’re at 1pm eastern time for me
Love it!
This is incredible! 💜🖤
That's dope
That's really cool!
Hello fellow Scottish Ravens fan! Quite a few of us up here!
Awesome flag! Do you follow Scottish Ravens or UK Ravens on Twitter at all? Fellow Scot here checking in!
Awesome flag! Do you follow Scottish Ravens or UK Ravens on Twitter at all? Fellow Scot here checking in!
That is outstanding.  Can these be ordered somewhere?
"With a user name like that, you had to be a Ravens fan!"
That's dope. I think I will have to invest in a welsh ravens hybrid. See how that works out 😂
This is amazing!!!!
Send irn bru and whisky pls
How many Scottish ravens fans are there across the pond?
THAT IS FUCKING DOOOOPPPPEEEEE
Is your favorite player Trace McSorley?
""
""
M. Humphrey's superhero alter ego
Tony Jefferson
Don’t drop your Twitter handle. Marlo is always on the prowl for people to block for calling him Marvin 👀
""
This is definitely satire and really well done at that. I laughed.
r/Woosh
I'm pretty sure that this is satire.
"“Where was racism when I set my grandmothers Buick Skylark on fire cause the bitch started hiding her Percocets.”

LMAO"
He’s a comedian and ravens fan doing satire
"https://twitter.com/Morgan_Green/status/1299121274321547264?s=20

I fucking love Stavvy. Too bad r/CumTown got banned."
Stavvyyyyy babyyyyyyyy
Second he started talking i knew it was a joke his accent too funny 😂
Definitely satire but probably how people in Dumbdalk are reacting
Let me get those cargo shorts though...
I wanna see this guy and Pittsburgh Dad in the same room.
""
For when you want to tell someone to get Bucked.
Oh gosh. That photoshop. The goggles do nothing
"&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/vnbq5877rmj51.png?width=620&format=png&auto=webp&s=e1a41c7b5fe2a7b8665e26d28b5afa06ec376f4c"
"By any chance are you ""outside the bank"""
I’m saying this shit now and I’ll say it again idc we’re winning the division again and we’re winning the Super Bowl this year
I'm bout that!
Woo Woo?
"Lamar is my fantasy keeper and I posted this video in our league chat to announce it hahaha. This moment, Jet Chip Wasp, Earl getting turned to a lead blocker, Brady’s last pass being a pick six to ice the game at home, and the Minkah trade were my favorite moments from last season. Peace and love boys, looking forward to our matchups this year."
back 2 back mvp seasons for lj??
"Believe me, no one has bigger trusses than us. We have the finest trusses"
""
[deleted]
"I’m a fantasy player looking for fan insight on Andrews’ role without hurst. Andrews only played ~ 40% of snaps and 34% in the slot. How’s his blocking? Does he play in-line more instead of slot? Will the ravens pass more?  Any info is appreciated, thanks"
He catch ball for big gain and score lots. Good fantasy
"According to most mocks I’ve seen you are going to pay a slight premium for Mark Andrews. He will be a solid option and should see at least 800 - 1100 receiving yards, 7-11 touchdowns.  You mentioned a great sleeper tight end, Hayden Hurst, he would a great option. Looking at production of TE’s in ALT, and considering Hurst is probably 2x the athlete Hooper is, he should be in position to have a breakout year. Good Luck!"
"I mean he had something like 65/850/10 TD, so it would be asking a lot to expect an increase 

But - he has gotten fitter this offseason and worked on his blocking, I can tell you that. 

All reports say he’s have a great training camp. 

I think you are correct that the ravens will be passing more this season. 

Lastly, with Hayden Hurst gone, our TEs will be Andrews, Nick Boyle, and an UDFA. So Andrews will definitely be getting a higher share of snaps. 

All in all, I think he’s got a good shot to match last year’s production and I’d consider him an elite fantasy tight end ... probably 3rd behind Kelce, Kittle. Tied with Ertz maybe"
I feel like with Hollywood being in year 2 with his growth and our other weapons on offense Mark should see his fair share of targets if the defense is experiencing a play to marquise or JK
I honestly don’t know if we see an increase in his snap counts with Ricard working in as the third tight end albeit we don’t know how much Ricard will be utilized in the passing game.  If I had to guess he will likely see an increase in snaps because Ricard isn’t the passing threat that Hurst was.  Also Hollywood now fully healthy with 10 pounds more of muscle will force teams to respect the deep ball even more which will open up more underneath with Andrews.
"Depends on where you would have to get him. I think better value can usually be had in the 3rd round but if he hits the 5th, or even 6th, id feel comfortable drafting him. 

I anticipate a slight jump in snaps, routes run, target volume. High td rate probably will drop somewhat."
"I think he’s underrated by the rest of the league, but overrated by ravens fans"
"Round 3/4 is likely the price, depending how fast Kittle and Kelce go. I like Andrews in round 4 due to his TD potential but if you wait a round Ertz could be around. He’ll get more catches, yards I bet will be similar, and Andrews has higher TD potential. Depends how the draft shakes out."
""
"Yeah, same. Gotta remember ""not looking at the comments"" is a form of self-care"
"Yep but you very rarely see that stuff on this sub. They usually are downvoted pretty quickly, it's quite nice actually."
The Comments: Not even once.
The Twitter comments were surprisingly unified. I was unwilling to take any greater risks than that.
IG and Facebook are shit shows. Same with Bleacher Report. Twitter is a mixed bag. Y’all are cool
It's funny that most of the trashy comments people write are often the exact reason why this stuff has to be condemned so vocally in the first place. Like these fools don't understand that they are the problem and they're perpetuating the issue.
"Well several fans thought that Hollywood, Peters, and even Tucker were deserving of blame in the playoff loss, so what were we to expect here?  These comments are mind blowing though."
"You pretend to care about the 14 unarmed black males killed in police custody, but ignore the 300k that will never reach their first birthday, or the 7500 that die every year to homocide.

You don't want stats you want emotional stories."
This is why I don’t read instagram comments and I deleted twitter
I hope the season gets boycotted
""
Is Brandon Williams elite??
Let's sign this 99 guy
I went to a Ravens practice once and he did a handstand in the endzone.
he was born a bull but they raised him inside and taught him english and stuff
"Heh, IIRC he did this his rookie year in training camp or minicamp or something as well.

At first you're like, ""That's crazy"", then you're like I think his arms might be bigger then his legs - that might actually be easier for him then normal walking. Minus the whole blood to the head part. :D"
"Genetics man, incredible."
"Damn, I can’t even do one at all lol"
NINE NINE!
""
"Hey guys, I modified a bumper sticker that had the Ravens and Orioles on it. I wanted them to both have their own... uh... Picture? Anyway, here it is, I credited the site that makes it so hopefully they don't come after me, I'm not selling anything. Sort of new here, I hope severed heads aren't against any rules.

Here's a link to the Orioles version:
https://www.reddit.com/r/orioles/comments/ihcl8l/more_orioles_art/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share"
I like the part where there's blood coming out of the Steelers helmet.
My dude! You going to watch the Ravens this year?
Holy shit this is tattoo worthy
""
Good for the Ravens.  Usually the NFL is two steps behind any social progress movement.  Ravens are out in front this time.
"It looks like there is a federal investigation into the Blake shooting, so they might be waiting to decide what charges would likely stick when they arrest. 

The lack of any arrest in the Taylor case, given the amount of time that has passed, is ludicrous."
"Proud boys must be downvoting anyone's comments on these threads. 

Get fucked racists"
"If I read this without context I would say to myself “damn, I’ve got to start supporting the team that made this statement.” The fact that this is the Ravens is one of my proudest moments in 20 years as a fan. Brilliantly said."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nfl.com/news/ravens-call-for-arrest-of-police-who-killed-breonna-taylor-shot-jacob-blake-in-s) reduced by 77%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> Amid a day in which multiple NFL teams ceased practicing and commenced talking about social justice, racial inequality and the task of bringing about reform, passionate words were spoken all across the football world, a most emphatic statement was delivered by the Baltimore Ravens franchise on Thursday evening.

> The statement specifically called for the prosecution of those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor and the shooting of Jacob Blake and demanded Sen. Mitch McConnell to bring the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act of 2020 to the Senate floor for a vote.

> Arrest and charge the police officers responsible for Breonna Taylor&#039;s killing and the shooting of Jacob Blake.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/ii06sn/ravens_call_for_arrest_of_police_who_killed/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~520012 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **police**^#1 **racial**^#2 **Ravens**^#3 **Act**^#4 **bring**^#5"
Even our PR team is the best.
but Jacob Blake shooting was warranted
"on the Kyle Rittenhouse thing, after looking at all the videos you can say all 3 were Self Defense, Rosenbaum was chasing him after he put out a dumpster fire at the gas station that was going to be pushed into police cars. During the chase someone probably the guy that got shot in the arm fires the first shot from a handgun either in the air or at Rittenhouse, after that shot Rittenhouse turns and fires at Rosenbaum, he wouldn’t know who fired if he was fleeing, after that shooting 3 men chase the kid he falls, gets kicked, doesn’t fire on that guy cuz he flees (not a threat anymore), hit with a skateboard rifle grabbed at (is a threat) so fires, and has someone approached him with a handgun (is a threat). He’ll be hit with the misdemeanor possession for sure even though 17 is legal to carry as part of a “militia”. But the body of work for the kid earlier in the day of cleaning graffiti rendering aid to people, decision to flee before firing and his assessment of who is a threat and who isn’t will look good in his favor. Do I support his mother driving him 30 ish minutes to a different state No, do I support someone giving him a Rifle, Not really. The “militia” he was apart of did a terrible job by getting separated how do numerous adult lose track of a minor with a rifle?"
"""We're not commenting on that detail at this point in the investigation. Mr. Blake stated to investigators that he had a knife in his possession and there was one that was found on the driver's side floorboard"". From ABC News: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wisconsin-attorney-general-kenosha-police-knew-jacob-blake/story?id=72676725

Dude resisted arrest, fought with cops, and was carrying a deadly weapon.  Why should those cops be arrested?  Cause twitter saw a 30 second snippet without context and got the world mad?"
""
That’s nice and all but why the fuck am I looking at captin fat fuck
We won before Earl and we will win after Earl.
"Lol I love that we’re the top but this article has hardly any content in it whatsoever, basically just highlighting the players we already knew were good and that they’re healthy. A lot of garbage filler"
Addition by subtraction
Damn Lamar only just threw his first pick? Against that secondary?! Hype
I care about dubs and rings erneh
"That the Ravens could put 70,000 microphones in each seat and allow fans to make crowd noise from their phone at home"
i think you mean speakers or megaphones.... microphone would be to capture the noise from the stadium and send it to your phone.
That's not necessarily practical. But I do feel like there should be some way to make interactive crowd noise!
"Or better yet, we install the microphones into Heinz Field seats in secret and fuck with the steelers."
My neighbors would be pissed but that sounds cool.
"Or better yet, we could just let fans go to the games"
"Since the team is spending the day running a unifying session and focusing on social justice, I was wondering if there’s a way we could do it here too. I know a lot of former players have foundations where they help give back to the community (Ed Reed’s was the first one that came to mind). I was hoping that we could put together a thread that contains the foundations of current/former player’s and their initiatives, in hope to give us in the fan community a place to support as many of our current and former players foundations as possible. Really all you have to do is put the player name, the name of their foundation, and some of their initiatives"
"Since I mentioned Ed in the post I’ll give a little about his foundation: the Ed Reed Foundation, has multiple programs including the Ed Reed academy for college prospects at no cost, REED for SEED scholarship for at risk youth college scholarship, REED program partnering with middle and high school leadership to mentor youth, and thanksgiving meal community outreach

[Link to website](https://www.edreedfoundation.org)"
[deleted]
Whatever font you used for ‘Ravens’ has to go. It reminds me of the SNL skit with Ryan Gosling where he complains about the font used for the Avatar movies
""
Just don't spend money on mut packs. They're never going to fix they're shitty game if they keep making money on them
"Off to a great start, first game played Matt Skura gets an offensive pass interference puss off"
You played The Yard yet?
Got that Neddam
I’ve never seen a ravens jersey like that! Do you have other pictures of it by any chance
[deleted]
""
Said it in another post. Dennis Pittas 3rd down catch in the denver game.. classic..
Watching this drive live was the longest few minutes of my life.
"Some awful looks from some Ravens legends on this play. 

Suggs has a free shot in the backfield, Lewis gets pushed off the ball 1-on-1, and Ed takes a bad angle and loses contain. Thank god for Ellerbe"
"That year was just pure magic, man. Everything just fell into place."
Ellerbe was so underrated
I thanked him on Twitter last year and he liked it lol.
This may be the most underrated. He was huge that whole playoff run
Kelly Gregg chasing down Jamaal Charles!
And then they passed the ball 4 times 🙌
"wow forgot about this, thanks Ellerbe!"
Still can't believe those idiots passed 4 straight times.  Would also like to point out the BS running into the kicker that gave them 3 points.
Don’t forget about Ravens Legend Corey Graham. Graham and McPhee don’t get enough credit
DanEllerbe <3
And it was Danelle who pressured Kaepernick and made the throw less accurate on 4th down.
"Ellerbe was so underrated for us, honestly all of our edge and D line were."
"The fucking edge, man. Gives me nightmares."
Facts
I thought it said deshaun Elliot lmao
"I've always said it:Save for Ellerbe's saving stop,chances are we lose that game."
He took the absolute perfect angle.
SAVED THE CHAMPIONSHIP 💯‼️‼️‼️
Every little thing we did in that drive and goal line stand was crucial. Jimmy dislodging the ball when Crabtree caught it on like the 2 was a big one also.
This is literally a perfect angle. Should show this in tape of angles for pursuit
True
"had a play like this in highschool, i was corner on opposite side of field, they break a run off and I sprint my ass off for about 70 yards to catch up, tackle him out of bounds. just for them to score the very next play"
[deleted]
"Does my username look like I'm a League fan? If it does, I fan DM you my summoner name."
I'll throw down in a bit deLUXewitCHZ
belee dat add me takesler I can't get on until later tonight tho
"Nylrivier 

Add me"
Add me ign: Kanzeon
Add me: Dopecornelius
"DAAAAAAAN

add me"
Add me: cogamma62
im all clubbed up on my main but ill join on an alt
""
Aaaaaand now you need a new black ink cartridge.
Doesn’t printer ink cost more than oil/petroleum and even human blood?
""
The players have spoken. They’re there to work.
"Were not feeling the Trust fall exercises, interested Big Truss instead."
It was just a walk through today John is on fb live right now talking about it
[deleted]
""
Weird they found a pic of Marlon staring himself down
Oh no
"Okay, buckle up. 

I was born almost exactly a year before the Colts left town in the dead of night during a snowstorm. I didn’t have a team growing up, and even though my grandfather was a diehard Redskins fan, it just never took. I wanted to root for a team in MY city. For a while, it looked like I would never get the chance. And then, Canadian football came to Maryland! Not only did I \*finally\* get a taste of what it would be like to root for a team of my own, we were pretty good! Two years, two grey cup appearances, one championship. If I was never going to get to experience the NFL in my lifetime, I was content with my Stallions. And then came 1996. I felt bad for the city of Cleveland but at least they got their colors and history back AMIRIGHT??? I can’t remember being more excited for anything in my life. And more than just getting a team… It was a way for me to spend time with my Uncle, who I had idolized growing up. Becoming fans together and weathering the ups and downs every Sunday made us more like brothers than anything else. Our scrappy new team bonded us in ways I’ll always be grateful for. We were never flashy, but we always had character. 

We always “Played like Ravens.” 

We never needed to have the same amount of hardware the Steelers or Patriots did. If I never got to witness another Super Bowl win after 2001, that was perfectly fine with me. The Ravens were the perfect embodiment of the city. Hard-nosed, often disrespected, but quirky and charming in ways only the locals ever really get. We never scored any points, but man… Did you see that defense? 

When I moved to LA, I joined [**The West Wing (Baltimore Ravens fans in LA & OC)**](https://www.facebook.com/thewestwingla/?__cft__%5B0%5D=AZWsPX5BIdaKlv1sLVBSFQwWYzikQnxzblwET78R-xF_bUiBFOEIQuTcYr705qA-EZVDc099B5L9ZuRoGG5uYgXTxKPvBWUCiJhRtkcKoWxg_2hpLdSfOdVsV5VpHfJj9upR-f6u1tkRVBcNqywYBDxFjYHLjI_oZ_goh1baewRJ2g&__tn__=R%5D-R)

 and found a displaced family. Every Sunday we’d gather at whatever revolving door bar was hosting our group that particular year, and feast on crabcakes, berger cookies and even a warm case of Natty Boh somebody’s Aunt somehow managed to ship out. Games started at 10AM on the west coast… But most of us would be lined up and ready to go by 9. It was a rabid, unforgettable group of fans, and gamedays gave me a rush that felt unparalleled. I felt closer to home even though I was 2315 miles away. At this point, I had an encyclopedic knowledge of player stats and history… Probably my version of making up for lost time. I expected I would be a die-hard Ravens fan for life. 

And then this organization hurt me in a way I never fully recovered from.

As Ravens fans of a certain age can attest, you rolled into every sports bar armed with the pre-requisite arsenal of Ray Lewis talking points. (Just in case an opposing fan used the killing of two men as a springboard for trash talk) “Why would a rising star and community darling risk his career over a fight?” “The only actual crime was obstruction of justice!” “Even if Ray was directly involved, all murder charges were acquitted!” When I heard that one of my favorite players had allegedly been involved in some sort of domestic assault… I immediately brushed it off. Ever since the Ray Lewis murder trial, I had been quick to jump to the defense of players. (Especially the ones I felt like ""I knew."") Would Terrell Suggs really beat the mother of his children and hold a bleach bottle over their son? The Ravens wouldn’t have a player like that on their roster. This was a smear job. More trash talk. But as the situation quickly unfolded, the media started floating Ray Rice’s name.

You mean “Muscle Hamster?” Ha. Nice try. Sure, the guy was an all-pro, but within the community, he had been known for his wildly successful anti-bullying campaign. The whole thing was absurd. At the end of the day, I was convinced that it didn’t really matter WHO they were saying did this horrible thing… If anything had really happened, I knew in my heart that the Ravens would have taken swift action... We weren’t like other teams who routinely looked the other way on this kind of thing. We actually cared about our female fans and women at large. In fact, this culture is one of the many things I believed truly separated us from other teams in the league. 

And then TMZ released the video. 

It was particularly brutal. Worst than I could have imagined. At the time, I had no idea that the Ravens organization had already received an account of the Atlantic City Elevator footage in great detail… Ray had even provided his own explanation (consistent with the TMZ video) to Ozzie Newsome himself. And then came the joint press conference. The Ravens paraded the couple out to answer for what had happened. The official Ravens account even live tweeted the key points… One read: “Janay Rice says she deeply regrets the role she played the night of the incident.”

4th and 29. The Mile-High Miracle. The Press Conference. 

After what was probably one of the more traumatizing nights of her life, seeing Janay carted onto that stage to be publicly victim shamed by the team I connected to so intensely was crushing. But what could I do? How do you stop being a football fan when such a big part of your identity is built around the Ravens? I came to a long and painful conclusion… There was no defending this. No more pre-loaded talking points. Just an empty feeling in my gut. Watching the Ravens play after that realization was like the first Christmas after learning the truth about Santa Claus. 

By the time the Ravens opened the season in London against the Jags in 2017, I had only a passing interest in the team. Colin Kaepernick (One play away from defeating us in the Super Bowl) had since been run out of the NFL for taking a knee during the national anthem. Sure, his play had declined since then… But certainly a player of that caliber was a better option for most teams with a glaring QB need? (Just two years earlier, the Ravens had found themselves in a similarly dire situation...  But instead, put their faith in Jimmy Clausen and Ryan Mallet. Names that have been lost in the dumpster of history just five years later.

Before the kickoff of the 2017 season, the President started taking potshots at athlete dissidents, berating any player and gaslighting any American who would dare to defy his order to stand for the anthem. NFL owners were mostly silent at this unprecedented display. (The NFL would later back peddle over a mandatory order to stand during the anthem) Whispers of the league taking up Kaepernick’s protest started to spread. The night before the game, I had a dream that my old team made headlines kneeling on foreign soil before the game. Coming out of the gates hand in hand. Even soft spoken Joe Flacco joined in on the protest. To me, the fact that this game took place in the UK was a truly poetic opportunity for the team to bring more awareness- not just to fans in the states, but to a burgeoning international audience. I woke up completely floored. Even if we lost, I don’t know… Say, 44-7… The game wouldn’t have been a meaningless footnote in history. It would have been a resounding message that some things are bigger than football... Echoing for years to come. I guess it had never been about championships for me from the start. It was about winning our way. Never sacrificing integrity. Standing for was is good about the sport, on the right side of history.

As it turned out, only a handful of Ravens took part in the protest that day. Among others, coach John Harbaugh participated in a corny, milquetoast compromise by interlocking arms with others too afraid to commit. Somehow, having that dream made this reality much harder for me to accept. It was increasingly disappointing to me that it wasn’t until \*after\* the game had started, that Steve Bisciotti decided to release a vaguely supportive statement (clearly written by his legal team) “recognizing our players’ influence.” I will always wonder if more players would have acted differently if that statement had been more timely. 

It’s not hyperbole to say that if every player had taken a knee before that drubbing, it would have single-handedly and immediately won me back as a fan. And yet… The venomous backlash from a horrifyingly large contingent of so-called Ravens fans shocked me. People threatened to boycott the team and burn merch. “Go woke, go broke.” It made me wonder what many of the fans I had interacted with over the years were hiding behind that purple jersey. And it was as baffling to me then as it is for me today. Why were some people so hellbent on changing Kaepernick’s narrative? Couldn’t you look around and see what was happening in our streets and meet it with some compassion and a understanding? The same people who would giddily scream “OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!!!!!” halfway through the Star-Spangled Banner every week had the audacity to play the “disrespect card?” 

On Facebook, Hartford County Sherriff Jeffrey Gahler said: ""The embarrassment that is the NFL continues and people wonder why I am on strike,"" ""Ravens join the non sense of taking knee while on the soil of the Country we gained our independence from. Will be doing a housecleaning of any Ravens merchandise later today and getting it all ready for the burn."" (Gahler would later go on record after the death of George Floyd: ""It is up to all of us to leave this world a better place tomorrow than it is today, and I believe the conversations and non-violent actions occurring as a result of Mr. Floyd's tragic death will drive that conversation."")

But today, you released one of the best corporate statements on racial injustice I’ve ever seen. Professional and succinct, without mincing words. A clear-cut course of action for people wanting to help make a difference. By taking this stand, now and without reservation, you are helping to set a new sports precedent. And unfortunately, that is risking a lot. Kaep’s protest It was never about the flag. It was never about the anthem. It was bigger than sports. It was about coming together to say “Enough is enough!” 

I know you will face a flood of racists and assholes canceling seasons tickets and giving up on the team… But you are doing every REAL Ravens fan an incredible service. Every family that travels to a game with their kids will know that they share the stands with people who don’t wish to stand in the way of justice and equality. Make no mistake, those detractors have no place in sports or a civilized society. Think about it: What kind of a person is so willing to give up something they love because denying reality and perpetrating white supremacy is more important to them? 

Fuck ‘em. 

I don’t know if I will ever care about football the same way I used to. That ship has probably long since sailed. But today, the Ravens have helped me remember what it felt like to be a fan of the best damn team in football.

Keep. Pushing."
"Hey Nick, It’s Jan. Good read, great points. I excited to have us all back at the west wing soon."
"/u/baltimoreravens is the official reddit account of the Ravens PR team, hopefully they get this tag and can see this"
The flag humpers are the biggest hypocrites in our fanbase. I hope they are purged once and for all now. Fuck them all
"I don’t think you know what the word gaslighting means, but you did just a little of that in your post"
"I don't disagree with the points made in your letter, but what's the goal of posting it here?"
"Exactly! Fuck the people that conflate kneeling with disrespect for the troops and the American flag. That is simply to cover up their own simmering bigotry that was subdued for way too long and was itching to come out. This gave such bigots the opening to come out and be critical of football teams like the Ravens. If they support a bigot in office, then they are either bigots or so rich that they know this President will help them get richer at the expense of commoners like me. Like you said, if they don't support the team after this historic statement, fuck' em all!"
Well said. Covid high five for the west wing. Hope the parlor is still there whenever we're allowed to go back...
"Couldn't agree with you more brother. Crazy to think people have so much hated in their hearts for people not wanting to be murdered by police. Happy that these fucks are not rooting for this team anymore. No room for them in this fanbase, and country for that matter. Keep up the good fight. ✊"
"So well said! 

I'm glad people are taking their ball and going home. Like you, I don't want to be around those losers when we can eventually go to games again!"
"I’m all the way with you, friend. There have been times where, like you, I’ve had to employ some cognitive dissonance to cheer for the Ravens. This was not one of those times. I’m proud to be a Ravens fan today. It seems that the team has found a clear path forward, and I’m with them all the way. It’s bigger than football."
"Repeating the ""fuck em"" attitude doesn't solve anything. Hot take I know, but two sides just spouting off ""fuck em"" and blindly claiming to be right leaves no room for growth and discussion. This isn't a war zone."
Imagine posting this on a Friday night. Download a dating app instead.
Perpetuating white supremacy?
"Madden gave me a 30% off code for Fanatics, What should I spend it on, I have a Lamar, Lewis, Reed, Suggs, and Thomas, several hats and a totem. Should I get a new jersey and if so who?"
"As far as a new jersey my vote would be: 

Hollywood 

Marlon 

Queen 

Dobbins 

Peters"
Tucker
"Just looked again at the voucher, it is for either Fanatics or NFL.com...... go nuts"
Ray rice
Get an away Elliott jersey with custom Mo Gaba patch
Yanda
"I would buy a Queen one but Humphrey, Andrews and Tucker are also good options."
Definitely Thomas
"I’d go Lamar, Peters, Humphrey, or Queen."
The GOAT Jaleel Scott
Hollywood or Elliot
When I was growing up those things were just included in the game you bought lmao
Ingram
Jason Babin
""
Think of how amazing we will be if we can just get a little bit stronger in our pass rush. It's not even gonna be fair
I can’t wait for our defense to be even better than last year and shut up the “Marcus Peters is only good with an elite safety behind him” crowd.
They weren't lying that getting him back is basically like adding a first round pick. Hopefully he can stay healthy
😈
I dont know how truly healthy he can be after a serious neck injury
Hope he doesn’t get hurt like he does every tear
I don’t wanna be hurt again 😞
"This is amazing news, Young is a great player and him with Humphrey, Peters, Elliot and Clark should make for a very good secondary"
People thought our defense was stacked last year.  r/NFL is about to go 'who is this Tavon Young guy??'.
🐐.
[removed]
Not only fighting it but supporting little kids constantly going through the same struggle. I've read and seen some articles in the last 12 hours that have upped my respect for this man 1000x
Wakanda Forever
This year fucking sucks
such a legend. the work he gave us while battling cancer is incredible. RIP king
"Every time you think 2020 couldn't possibly get worse...

So young!"
""
Neck Boyle*
First team all neck
"""Yaaarp"" - Nick Boyle, hot fuzz"
[And Brick as Himself](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/borderlands/images/0/0a/5fe0.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20190916163257)
He look like brick
Dude is so fucking Hench.
""
Belee
I can’t Baylieve I never knew this was a thing
[deleted]
I really want to get my hands on one or both of those tickets. But that would be an 8 hour drive. Anyone know another way to get them? I’m not going to scratch them.
I could send one if its legal
8 hours and you're in WV? There's no part of WV that couldn't get into Garrett County in a lot less than that.
 Hello fellow West Virginia Ravens fan! Not many of us around these parts.
Not going to scratch them! But what if it’s a winner?
"There is a little box usually on the bottom,  it is either a bar code or a QR code you can get scanned to find out if it is a winner.  You can leave the rest of the scratch off intact."
"I actually won one of these the year of the last Super Bowl! Actually, my mom won & brought me as her guest since we won the away game trip. We flew with the team to Kansas City, had a meet and greet w/ some players, a tailgate the next day, and then rode the plane home with them. Thankfully, we squeeked out a win because we had been warned that if we lost, it would be a really somber ride home & we would need to quiet (there were maybe 5 other winners w/ their plus ones). Such an amazing experience!"
[deleted]
"Got 20 in the bench press (Very Good).

Also this:  [https://twitter.com/ReceiverSchool/status/1273724455441883137](https://twitter.com/ReceiverSchool/status/1273724455441883137)"
Duvernay is an excellent blocker.
[deleted]
""
"Quality shitpost, sir."
"Atleast you used a good Earl pic. They photoshopped the Seahawks uni purple last year and didn't even changed the font on the jerseys #s. And everyother player got updated if they switched teams, he didn't."
"To be fair, Earl was the only reason Henry didn’t score on that play. No way Peters would’ve stopped him on that play."
I saw this on instagram but it’s still good
"I'm not crazy about Earl Thomas, but he and his brother were in different rooms. The false narrative that they shared a bed feels a lot like bullying to me"
Lol
But why is he a fullback?
+10 coverage ability on double-teams involving a family member
"Lol, fuck the Steelers"
Awkward......
😭😭😭😭
"Nice, a free agent Fullback!"
That's not real right? Still hilarious even if it isn't
Anyone feel like explaining for those of us completely out of the loop? Please and thank you 😊
Pretty much just the title.
"Starts at 5:15. YouTube, Facebook, CTV app."
Will they be showing the scrimmage or just warm ups?
Just seen he’s listed at 6’3” and only 242. Very light for a OLB especially playing the SAM and in our division that lives running the ball. I know we’ve heard many great things about the camp he’s having and I’ve been really hoping he breaks out this year but i think his size really might hinder him against the run or against bigger blockers.
Have you seen how big he is? He is gonna be so explosive. Dude’s upper half looks like Khalil Mack.
Found Jaylon Ferguson's burner.
Thats also why they bolstered up the line with some size I think if he has hopes of staying next season he's going to have to find that next gear again in the rush
You know that he doesnt have yo be an every down player right?
Thought it was interesting to note as the RG competition continues. Another rookie looking at maybe getting significant playing time this year.
I’m looking forward to the big fella developing.  Hope he can learn quick and get his body in a little better shape.
"The expectation seemed to be that Fluker would start at RG, but perhaps they want Philips in there so that Fluker can be the backup Tackle. He could also come in for packages that require an extra lineman. Or they could just be giving Philips an extended look with the starters to see how he does."
Good for him bad for Ben Powers
""
All cool till i saw Jaleel on there
According to the ravens transactions they signed rookie free agent RB Ty'Son Williams. Anyone know any details about him?
"He’s no Buck Allen, I’ll say that much."
"Jeff Zrebiec has noted on twitter that he is most likely just a practice body to share reps with the starters as Hill is banged up, be he could potentially be on the practice squad long term."
"Relatively highly touted recruit out of HS that bounced around college teams.  Started with UNC (nothing notable), transferred to South Carolina and never won the starting job, only showing flashes of being a dynamic runner (I watched him play some there as a student. Then grad transferred to BYU last year where I believe he was the starter and did OK, but I don’t know much."
He’s just a camp body.  Any UDFA signed this late in camp is a camp body unless it’s like a kicker.
Absolute stud.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ij2l5s)"
"Guess I should've excluded Queen, he's probably going to run away with this one. My vote's still on Boykin though, with all the focus on Lamar, Hollywood, and Andrews, along with Lamar working on his deep ball, he's going to get some big plays early in the season"
"I want it to be Jay Ferguson, but with Earl departure I understand that is Joker who needs to excel."
"Dobbins will be #1 rb before week 8, take it to da bank"
"This year, Queen. And that should be our hope because we need him to be good. Long term though, I’d say Dobbins. He’s going to be a stud"
"I really could have accurately picked three or more.
There is a lot of talent on that list."
Probably Dobbins or Queen. Dark horse would be Ferguson if he makes a big leap forward
"I immediately thought dobbins. But with Ingram, Gus and Hill his impact won’t be as big as Queen will be on defense."
I think Malik Harrison is going to be beast
"No Lamar, no interest in voting."
"I doubt he'll be a starter, but what position will he be playing sub for exactly? The depth chart I found has him as a 3rd string behind Judon, but I would have assumed he'd be playing 2nd string behind Fort. Anyone know anything about this?"
"ESPN depth chart is awful, he's an ILB and will be first sub behind Queen/Fort"
"I think you’ll see a lot of subbing between him, Queen, and Fort. Queen and Fort are good coverage linebackers while Harrison seems to specialize on stopping the run. We’ll probably see Harrison on mostly early downs with Fort and Queen together on passing downs."
I imagine he will see the field in multiple places just to get him on the field
He will be the Will Backer back up (Weak Side LB).
"Harrison did say himself that he can play outside at the combine. I'm not saying he will, I definitely think he's an inside guy, but with our defense being so flexible and confusing to offenses I wouldn't be surprised if he played a few snaps outside."
I was downvoted to hell for suggesting Harrison wouldn't start this year. 😂
He will be the third choice inside backer but watching tape of his from Ohio state and he did play a bit of outside of the edge and rush.
backup who could see some snaps in short yardage/goal line packages
I think he’ll win the starting spot. Queen is a project
""
The defense got better don't be crazy
I have a feeling things are going to be this sloppy for everyone...
Supposedly he finished the night with back to back TDs to Hollywood and Andrews so probably not...
Defense already doing better without Earl.
"You're talking about practice...

But seriously, this is practice. Our defense is stacked. We've played no preseason games. Relax"
DE-FENSE
"Lamar Jackson has as many completions as Justin Tucker has made field goals so far.

Lamar Jackson: 3-for-9, 24 yards passing, one spiked ball after a second false-start penalty in three plays

Justin Tucker: 3-for-3 on short field-goal attempts

***

posted by [@jonas_shaffer](https://twitter.com/jonas_shaffer)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Don't give up on Lamar so quickly! and AB plays QB now?
"Seeing Harbaugh as a real leader for all of us like he espouses himself to be. This is what I needed and I assume Baltimore needed in the wake of Freddie gray. Ravens were helpful then too but it's so good to see the specific things mentioned like qualified immunity. I'm so starved for real leadership on this issue, the march yesterday and now this really striking a chord with me. Go Ravens 🙏 u Harbaugh.

For the record Lamar Jackson is a big part of this behind the scenes too. If even Drew Brees who has given so much and been in those locker rooms in the ""chocolate city"" for 2 decades would have prevented a statement like this just imagine if your qb was Josh Allen or some shit. Lamar is a culture creator whatever he does is the culture"
no idea whats going in here but hell yeah dude
Hear hear
"Your British saying immediately took me to our current state of affairs and our national leadership.... but about the Ravens, Harbs and Lamar, you're on the money! A great organization that makes one proud to be a fan of."
""
oh no
Whyyyy
oh boy lmao
"It's really hard to tell, but that looks more like kph rather than mph. If you zoom in, the first letter looks taller than the ""p"". Anyone got some good rendering software? lol. 

Otherwise, Marlon, you idiot. At least keep both hands on the wheel."
How about we don't please
This really is an ass hole thing to do.
"Driving 100+ MPH isn’t hard at all, didn’t see the vid just this pic, traffic is actually is pretty light, but then again I’m from NJ and well we drive like assholes anyways"
Overreactions incoming
"Ok, at least in this one he's not the one recording and hopefully he's wearing his seatbelt.

For real though, please stay safe everyone"
Who???? Cares????
""
Stream em is the easiest way.
"I mean, can we just revisit “is not a sports fan anymore”?"
"If you’ve got money then get directv and Sunday ticket. You can stream it if you don’t live in a place where it’s available. 


https://www.tomsguide.com/us/get-sunday-ticket-without-directv,review-3811.html

If you don’t have or don’t want to spend the money then sail the seven seas. If you find a good site the quality will be OK-ish for the most part."
I lift in central CT and I stream ever game when I don't go to the bar. Buffstreams or NFLbite are the go-tos I use. I will mention that is it better to hard-line the connection as opposed to wifi
Nflbite.com is what I used all last year. Not sure what the status of that will be this year though.
Crackstreams. always crackstreamsbfor any sport event
[Most reliable cheap way to watch games](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/igr64h/out_of_market_fans_how_do_yall/g2wnnyq/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
DAZN
"I think there's a lot of mystery still to how games are going to be broadcasted this season without fans at the games, that also being said Baltimore has like 5 prime time games this season"
"He posted on his personal that he's facing court for four felony charges for weed and that he may go to jail.

I loved his account as he was quick with updates, had great insight and football iq, overall just a fun user to follow.

I can't imagine arresting someone for weed, I just don't get what's so dangerous about it. Especially with everything else going on in the world!"
"My state recently decriminalized weed, so it's insane to hear someone facing felony charges when you get a fine here..."
F
"Go VOTE for people who will fight for criminal justice reform in this country. 

Weed can not be criminalized while alcohol and cigarettes exist. 

States can kill two or more birds with one stone with the marijuana industry. By expunging non violent marijuana offenses, they can clear out prisons. By investing into black owned businesses they can “re-pay” communities that have been disproportionately affected by the war on drugs and contribute to strengthening of communities, and they can reap the tax on the now legal substance. They can prevent people from becoming criminals for something that should be as simple as buying a six pack.

There is only positives to come from decriminalization and control of legal weed."
R.I.P.
"Now that the state of Maryland has Medical Marijuana, and seen the amounts of money they can get from taxing it, don't want any competition."
Rapists can walk free but a man faces years for freaking weed!!!
4fs is a ton of weed that dude was probably sellin
"Meh. I like his ig account and podcast, I like his stance on social justice and telling all the Trump supporters to fuck off. But he comes off as really douchie when he calls Russell street report a bunch of casuals. Especially when they provide a lot more in-depth content than he does. 

As someone who has been arrested for weed many years ago, I know the whole process is not fun. I hope he can get his name cleared. He seems to really have a chance at a career in media"
"lmao

""pray for my boy..hes fine they just found some weed on him"""
Absolutely not. He is a criminal and a drug addict. Not gonna support people who break the law and do drugs
""
"Always feel for Flacco. He looked like a top 10 qb in 2012, 2014 but injuries, coordinator changes, lack of offensive weapons, and occasional bad football iq derailed his career"
ah yes back before Pitta's hips became made of glass
"I was so pissed at Ed Reed for this shit. 

If you remember he went back to field the punt that pinned us deep. Instead of letting it bounce in the end zone he decided to try and return it, which let’s be honest, hasn’t been his forte since 2007. 

Now it’s possible the punt could have bounced and died inside the five (where we started) but Ed’s decision was still a terrible one. 

Thank goodness for Flacco and Pitta on this play because if they don’t connect Ed probably is ringless."
Pitta was so fucking legit before injuries derailed him.
might be the most underrated throw in franchise history
Definition of going up and getting it. Loved Pitta
I forgot about that play
"""Please no holds, please no holds, please no holds"". My begging of the offensive line this play. I was so terrified of losing because of some stupid ass penalty. Great play though. Boldin also had an amazing 3rd down catch in overtime."
ELITE
Against Jim Leonhard no less
That’s called “Hookin up wit a friend”...thank goodness for Pitta’s & Joe’s relationship. Btw Pitta & Joe’s Crab Shanty anyone!
"If Pitta doesnt make this catch, its over!"
I had an offer of a ticket and a place to stay in Denver for this game and didn’t go (work).  Should have gone
"I love how the defender whiffed, especially since he could have seriously hurt Pitta."
All things considered this is the play of the game to me.
Underrated play
Quite possibly the most underrated play in Ravens history
The glory days
Pitta had some of the best hands in the league before injuries got him
That partnership was magical.
"I’ll never forget watching this live with friends, can’t believe I was 15 at the time lol. I remember how loudly I cheered when we got the FG winner, and forgot the window was open so the many neighborhood kids playing outside were probably like wtf is going on in there haha"
Jacoby wide though lol
Yes! I've talking about this play!!!!
"The most underrated play of that game, and possibly championship. They were backed up and in a tough spot before this conversion. Every now and then, I’ll stay up super late and/or get drunk and then watch this game and/or its highlights, and I still pump my fist like a madman when this play happens."
"That's such a nice throw, perfect touch, and in his own endzone"
"Grew up a ravens fan in SLC, so I had the horror of watching this guy shred my Utes when he was at BYU. Funny how someone you used to despise can become one of your favorites."
"Everyone talks about the miracle, but this play was also so crucial. God damn I remember watching it live."
[deleted]
We just out right took thier souls that game.
Damn look how their O-Line just gets completely dominated from the snap
"Inside Maryland,  best Super Bowl ever. 
Outside of Maryland, most boring Super Bowl ever."
Looks like a Lion running down its next meal 🥩
GOAT
If I ever saw someone chasing me like that? It wouldn’t be pretty
""
"Flew down from Alaska to see that game. Watching it in person, and hearing him silence the entire “12th Man” was indescribable."
Mark Ingram is a man
"Jackson has nowhere to go, EXCEPT A FIRST DOWN!"
This was the game when we really took off. And the game when Lamar started to believe!
He even juked the announcers on that one. Classic
"Great play by Lamar but also check out Ronnie Stanley out in front 20 yards down the field. That's a really big, really fast man."
Was this the game where he changed his cleats several times because of the rain and slippery turf? We had an unusually high number of games in the rain last season yet I was amazed at how well he continually scrambled past defenders despite the poor footing. (Maybe he got that from his practices in the sand lol)
Love seeing Ronnie Stanley realize what's happening and sprinting to lead block
Ronnie Stanley's reaction speaks volumes
"Just think, this was his first full season as a starter. The future looks great."
"And this is why the whole ""Everyone has a year of tape on him now"" arguement is so dumb.   At the end of the day people still have to make the play and sometimes Lamar just makes it impossible.  No amount of tape can prepare a player for a scenario with Lamar running straight at them"
yo Ronnie Stanley is pretty fast
Greatist Raven game I have ever witnessed in person. Fuck the 12th man and the Seashits!
I love Dick Stocktons call here. He fucked up a lot during the game but this call is magical.
""
"* Logan Ryan, just for those who don’t click the thumbnail."
"Chris Hewitt doesn’t get a lot of love but he’s been a phenomenal coach and has really helped churn out DBs. Someday he’ll get his defensive coordinator shot and it’ll be sad to lose him. 

Kinda OT but his name so rarely comes up that this made me think of it."
I saw a report say Ryan was looking for a DB hybrid role. I guess more depth couldn't hurt and offer more versatility back there
"With Hump and Peters at CB, we can utilize the other talent we have with Jimmy and Tavon. With less pressure on these guys to be lockdowns, I think they can really flourish. Letting Jimmy roam a bit might pay dividends

Crazy depth which we know is important"
Make it happen! We would have playmakers all over the field.
call me crazy but i'll take less db debth (we have a decent amount already) if it means we can sign clowney for one year. we have the money and he has something to prove
""
Jeeze one game in California and his fans are everywhere now
This bird is invading my home. It keeps talking about a Bentley or something
"Crows are so cute.

I mean, go ravens!"
""
CeeDeez Nutz
My team last year was Judon'a Eatdat? And this year its the Rice&Guice Connection
Thanks for sharing Jorge!
"Mine was ""E.T. go home"" and my logo was Harbaugh yelling and pointing. After Thomas's release I felt the name didn't really work anymore and I drafted McCaffrey #1, so I changed the team name to ""RIDE CMC"" ( À LA RUN DMC)"
"Mine were:
-Dancing Squirrels
-Los Nevermore

I have my draft next Monday 🙌"
""
Thanks for sharing
""
"Evan & Clifton on the Ravens live practice stream said that they expect Queen and Fort to start, and then rotate Harrison in. They also said Harrison looked faster than his numbers suggest and that he ran Huntley out of bounds on a play."
"I think Jeff Z in one of his Athletic articles mentioned that Queen looks really good, but Harrison could use a little more time to get sped up to the NFL. Missed a few tackles so far I think, but nothing crazy bad. Don't think he's gonna start off rip"
"No, Fort is expected to start beside Queen."
Mink and Garrison on their podcast said they expect Queen and Fort to start
From what was said yesterday it looks like Harrison is going to be a moving piece in the defense
Fort and Queen will likely be the starters in the beginning of the season with Harrison rotating in.  There is the potential of Harrison taking over one of the starting spots by the end of the season.
""
Nice to see that it's actually purple and not blue.
Sick Tool poster bro
Love the amp and the Tool poster!
Tool poster and Ravens fan! My kind of guy!
What's the color code?
How did it taste?
[deleted]
Nice amp
That’s a sweet set of guitars dude
Tool and the Ravens?! My guy.
I like it but it would be nice to have some Ravens gear in a purple room
It's so obvious LJ with paper football goalposts fingers
I don't have enough hands to spell out MVP
Boys were in the final stretch of off season posts. Only two more weeks. Get the shit posts out of your system now
Jesse Lingard trademarked that years ago
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ArhqBvi4F58
“Rookie runningback Ray Rice from rutgers is running for the Ravens! RUH ROH!
Mason was the curl route king
I got triggered when I heard Frank Walker's name.
"The last touchdown for the Browns was scored by Jason Wright, the recently hired president of the Washington Football Team."
That jump ball should've been a pick. The defender was there first and held control longer than the receiver.
"I remember cussing profusely at this game back in the day just saying over and over again...

""It's the fucking Browns"". 

Thankfully for RR and Flacco they made the plays when they counted most... And, it was the fucking Browns after all 😂"
Man I really miss these nfl network commented highlights. Rich and the crew is great!
It always blows my mind when I’m reminded that Matt Stover and Joe Flacco played together. They are of totally separate eras in my head
"'Sizzle' aka '5UGG5' seals the deal via a game-winning pick-six, then subsequently follows it up with the *Weekend at Bernie's* dance!"
Vintage T Sizzle play at the end
"I remembered watching this game with Browns fans, the start of Flacco winning 12 straight on their ass"
""
Those crab cakes look a tad filler-heavy
"Never ate from Jimmy’s before, how is it?"
Do they actually deliver nationwide? Anyone tried it?
What a spread. Love Jimmy's
Jesus Christ. what a haul.
"jai Alai and those broiled cakes, can’t beat it"
""
"Just wait until he cleans house tomorrow with the rest of the surprise hot hitters this season, more picks and young talent on it's way im sure"
Something tells me that Givens will revert to his 2019 self as well.
Well they fleeced the Mets for a catcher they don't need for their #12 prospect in their system
"Don't watch baseball, explain why in NFL terms"
""
I'm not a fan of the style but I appreciate the old school tone it has to it.
Don't hate on gusto
"Yeahh in my opinion if he can’t prove himself in camp his music is trash. Wasting his time doing this, could be studying."
"&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/f8irdbft69k51.png?width=1242&format=png&auto=webp&s=aa82c73f9211096f00d5285f5df8f2b5bdbf0ee2"
They played like 4-5 years together. Definitely the same “post super bowl mediocrity” era to me.
"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times."
[deleted]
Not blindside
Yeah it’s literally right in his face lmao
I bet Rob's eyes were wide as dinner plates when the OL slid out lol
"Its not called a ""blindside"" sack just because the hit is so vicious that the qb goes blind for a second."
[deleted]
Don't pat yourself on the back too hard OP
I was more upset about them trading back twice to skip on Ridley and DJ Moore
"What is the point of this? To float he's injured? ""Hah! We didn't get him look how injured he is!""

This doesn't relate to the Ravens, why does this sub feel the need to take all r/NFL news and make it about us?

A lot of teams passed on James, he has bad injury luck as of late. That's it."
Still wouldve wanted to draft him not getting the point here
I was so upset when we passed on James to trade back at 16. Looks like Ozzie knew something the rest of us didn't.
"Sad for him, but good for us. Aways happy to see potential playoff rivals lose key players to injuries."
""
"Credit to Gardner Minshew, he took that hit like a champ and got right back up."
A classic play from Ravens legend Kenny Young lol
This made me laugh way too much.
"Jesus the roast of the Jags isn't even going to be fun, went from super bowl aspirations 2 seasons ago to rebuilding"
Jags fan. Can confirm. Life is pain. Enjoy Calais
"Let’s wishbone the offense 😂 Ingram, Dobbins, Fournette, Andrews, Boyle, Ricard /s"
"If Dobbins wasn’t drafted this year, I’d be all over the Ravens signing Fournette. Would be so good in the read option system"
Is minshew really so bar that they don't even wanna try to build around him? It's like they're setting him up for failure at this point.
"I remember a press conference in 2017 where a reporter was giving Ozzie a hard time for picking almost all defensive players. He responded by pointing out that it’s stupid to pass on a great player just because he’s on the wrong side of the ball. He followed up with “If Leonard Fournette had still been available at 17 we’d have picked him.” Poor us, we got stuck with Marlon Humphrey instead"
Oh lort
Any chance we think about trading Gus to Jacksonville?
More like me after drafting him on my fantasy league
Funny how Minshew has the same amount of playoff wins as Lamar. For now 😏
""
question: who the fuck is our TE3 going to be??
It looks like they're actually going to hold on to him for now. https://twitter.com/AaronKazreports/status/1300451244469825540
If Eli Wolf makes the roster is he an honorary member of the Wolfpack?
Hopefully Delanie Walker is on the way
Damn apparently he was actually playing his size this camp I’m surprised they cut him.
My bet is they roll with Ricard and bring in Walker/other vets who get cut for some workouts after Week 1
Damn thought he was gonna get the nod. ELI WOLF.. ACTIVATE
"Good luck to him in his football career, I thought he was gunna step up to be TE3 this season."
Oh no! I thought he knew the offense really well and was a great blocker. Probably a PS candidate is why he was released early.
""
You should maybe put a title so that people don’t assume it’s the same thing as the previous post aka Scarff being cut.
""
"Unless JK balls out incredibly hard, I don’t see him truly supplanting Ingram this year 

I think to start, it’s gonna be like 50% Ingram, 25% JK, 15% Gus, 10% Justin Hill

I expect JK to take 5% of Gus’s and Justice’s carries and maybe some of Ingram’s as well by mid-season. 

So it would be like 45% Mark, 35-40% JK, the rest split between Gus and Hill. 

2021 I think JK will be lead dawg but I hope we can keep Mark around ... maybe extend him 1 year to lower his cap."
I dunno. Mark Ingram is **so** good with LJ at the mesh point. It's a key part of this offense. We saw Gus doesn't quite have that mind-meld that LJ and Mark have. Interested to see how Dobbins does. But has to bee something to keep in mind when it comes to who's getting carries.
I took jk in every league expecting him to take the lions share of the carries by midseason. We'll want to keep Ingram healthy for the playoffs
I'd say week 11 barring Ingram has an injury before that
"He could be like Ekeler this year, just catching passes"
""
"Wow, a return guy with no camp issues. I must be dreaming"
Urge to simp...rising...
"Proche was the steal of the draft. 

How does a guy with 300+ Catches, 35+ TDs, less than 10 drops, nearly 5,000 total yards, team captain, 4-year starter, hands for days and he can return remain on the board until 6th round? 
 
He’s a dawg, a football player that plays receiver, and will be a Raven for a long time."
I don't know what the draft scores on him were but I really liked his highlights.  He looked good at making difficult catches. I hope he isn't afflicted with drops. Rooting for this guy.
so so excited for him
""
"Redskins? Who are they? Soccer, field hockey? XFL?"
"Was grateful to grab a piece of the Ravens this year in fantasy. Lot of Raven fans in my league so wasn’t able to grab anybody last year. 

Was able to get JK Dobbins and the Raven Defense in this years draft. Lamar, Hollywood, and Mark Andrews were all keepers unfortunately. 

Trying to think of a team name!! Was thinking “Don(‘t) Wink”, or “I’m JK”. 

Any suggestions??? 

I think I’m pretty stacked this year in fantasy, hope anyone else who drafted is looking good.💪🏽"
J.K and the Joker
"My team name is Big Black Caw. 

I wanted Mark Andrews but he was nabbed the pick before mine. I got the Baltimore Defense though."
Dobbins is a Free Elf
Yippie Ki Yay Justin Tucker
Truzz Lightyear
How effective would he have been if he was playing with Lamar Jackson ?
Considering you still need to catch the ball to play wide receiver roughly as effective as he was before. Maybe a few more jet sweeps or other gadget plays but largely the same player.
Lamar doesn't play special teams so I can imagine anything would be much different aside from starting at the opponents 40 most drives
Well he’s a killer returner so we’d be starting with awesome field position most of the time
This man.. i copied all of his dance moves. All of em. All of us RAVENS fans owe him.. and i do too.. lol
"Picked off Lamar, and returned a kick. Will Nigel continue the un-drafted rookie streak?"
"I'll be honest, when I was making cuts in madden I cut him cause I thought he was a random fake filler player without a picture and a fake sounding name. Ended up resigned to the practice squad i think."
After last few days I think he has a legitimate chance. Was initially thinking Chauncey Rivers for OLB depth/development
Nigel is my boy and I love that he’s getting the opportunity. He absolutely should’ve been drafted and is one of the better UDFAs I can remember over the last few years by any team.
""
"Reminded me of the video of Brian Billick [""encouraging""](https://youtu.be/LluesncBJGo) Trent Dilfer."
"Hah! 

Trent was just barely good enough to get us to that championship. 

You could say, ""well, he took care of the football,"" but he didn't even really do \*that\*, either. IIRC, he actually threw a pick *in the Super Bowl*, but it was called back on an unrelated penalty on the defense. I'm not looking it up; someone correct me if I'm wrong."
A few years get taken off my life every time someone tries to say the 2000 ravens offense was good/mediocre.
I re-watched most that Super Bowl years ago and think I remember him missing a lot of open dudes and I was just thinking how much more Ravens would've smoked them if Flacco were QB.
Trent Dilfer being such hot garbage really makes that championship even cooler though
Still better then Tony Banks
"I re-watched that game last year and what stood out to me the most was not how dominant our defense was, but just how bad Trent was.  He missed so many wide open passes and the offense could have realistically scored 3 or 4 more TDs.  This post is one of a few times a wide open receiver could have walked in to the endzone if we had a decent QB throwing to them."
Dilfer Dime
Well at least he made the right read
And to think Dilfer thinks Baltimore did him dirty by replacing him.
Accidental never in history ball.
"I am not a qb guru, but even 10 year old me knew Dilfer had atrocious footwork"
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/sap9ik327ek51.gif?format=mp4&s=b38c1b2119302ec446801c2b890bb58c3ee71a51)

---
This mp4 version is 97.21% smaller than the gif (345.82 KB vs 12.1 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
"In 2000, Patrick Johnson had a 32.4% catch % (pro football reference).  The lowest of his career.  So if the pass had been on target, he'd have probably dropped it."
""
Derek is a competitor to the fullest but he has a great sense of humor. Love having him around and hope he gets a bunch of media time despite all the stars on our team. His interviews when he signed were the most fun I’ve seen from a player IMO.
"I think sometimes we forget how much of a Bus, Gus actually is"
I'm so excited to see this guy on the field. His signing has been completely eclipsed by Campbell. I just can't wait for opening day man these boys are going to eat!
"I know I’m clearly biased, but this team is so stacked offensively and defensively. I’m trying not to get my hopes up but I don’t know how we won’t dominate this season"
[deleted]
My first ravens game. One of HEAAAAAAPs best moments at the end.
Unbelievable how short these games can run if we just focus on the actual playtime... thanks for sharing! I needed this.
Our offenses under Billick were so bad lol. Steve McNair turned it on for that last drive and Mr. Dependable Todd Heap making plays like always! The chargers taking that safety made absolutely zero sense since they had to punt the ball right after giving up the safety lol
Heap was a monster
"HEAAAPPP! McNair had guys in his grill all drive, that man could maneuver around and make something from nothing. 06 was a great squad. Even Clayton had it on that last drive 🤦‍♂️"
I was at this game and have the picture if heap’s diving TD framed and I remember that TD vividly but I did NOT remember that SD took an intentional safety in this game. Interesting!
"That defense was the definition of “bend, don’t break” and sometimes they didn’t bend either."
Lol @ that arm punt at [https://youtu.be/3YRtdsgkfy0?t=474](https://youtu.be/3YRtdsgkfy0?t=474)
First Ravens game I ever attended. I’ll never forget this game
"That defense was so fucking good. This was prime LT running behind a beastly OL and outside of run, he was bottled up for most of the game."
"So everyone knows what happened with earl, from him fighting with big baby last year to the final straw with Chuck Clark and everything in between. Im curious to think if anyone thinks this will be a blemish on edc. Every medium to big name free agent (or trade) hes brought in has either played out or im excited to see play out (Campbell and wolfe), from him getting a 4th pick for flacco to what he's put together this year is par none (maybe ozzie) but will signing earl to such a hefty contract be a blemish on his record?"
"Nah, he just didn't pan out."
Not a blemish at all.. by every account a guy on pace for a HOF career is someone who you want on your team.. we know what a good FS does for the DBs and defense in general by being blessed with Reed for so long.. and I mean we got a good season out of him.. if they beat the contract what did we really lose out on?
"I can't see how it would this early in his career as GM, it's not his fault Earl couldn't put his ego away and not be a prick"
"It all depends on how the grievance plays out. Really it was a an overpay in the first place especially when he was only getting 1 year deals when the ravens signed him to 4 with alot of upfront guarantees.  EDC has made way more good moves then bad but did get over aggressive with the ET3 signing in hindsight.   Still if thats his worse ""blemish"" I'm more then happy."
"Earl Thomas is a Hall of Famer and isn’t washed up. You take a chance on that. Some weird shit happened with him that I don’t think is fair to expect EDC to have foreseen.

Not going to be on his highlight reel but it was defensible and we got a very good year out of him."
"People in here will say no, but he was pretty much objectively EDCs first real mistake as GM. It won't stick with him any more than signing Frank Walker or Elvis Grbac stuck with Ozzie, in a couple year's time no one will care one way or the other, that being said it was a bad move really from the start. Signing a guy over 30 coming off a broken leg (and other injury issues in his last few years in Seattle), who really didn't fit our system given that Wink's defense really doesn't call for a single high safety in the back end, to a really big 4 year deal was doomed from the start - it's really just weird that it was character issues that ended this stint, either way I don't think his time here would have lasted much longer, probably wouldn't have survived next offseason.

Despite being good for us, he wasn't playing at the level of his deal and, again, didn't fit the system, so I don't doubt that we were happy to use our ""out"" on his deal when it became possible."
It is definitely a blemish no other team offered him anything more then a one year deal.  We bid against ourselves to give him the contract we did.  Oh on top of that he had no contact with anybody in the organization before the offer was actually made so this wasn’t just a questionable move with hindsight.  I still love EDC though he’s been really great other then that.  I mean fuck even Ozzie has a blemish or two with the obvious one when we sent Boldin away for peanuts.
""
TRUSS is a helluva drug!
YESSSSSSSSIR.
browns texans chiefs to start the year off i am so hard
Starting to BELEE!
"Speaking of, its annoying that its Truzz in Madden.

Granted there's a bazillion annoyances in madden, but ""truzz"" is front and center so much its really annoying"
**The Steelers. Fuck Them.**
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-Playoff-Predictions-eiueei](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/NFL-Playoff-Predictions-eiueei)

of course i have us in there"
""
Best organization in football
"""I'm never watching the NFL again!"" - Someone who I don't give a fu** if they don't watch the NFL again.

Great and powerful stuff."
"I am so proud to be a fan of the Baltimore Ravens. 

There are not any other teams I am aware of that are legitimately calling out politicians by name and using their platform to catalyze change. This gives me so much pride and a sliver of hope amid all of the disheartening and discouraging things that are going on in our country."
"I'm surprised Lamar Jackson didn't speak or sign the letter. The one person that should put the scare of God into McConnell is Lamar who is uber popular in the Louisville, Kentucky area. But, my guess is he doesn't feel comfortable being on the forefront because he just wants to focus on football. This reminds me a little of MJ who never got political no matter the event or the temptation. Lamar Jackson is all football and that's fine because he's only 23 and still learning."
"Every single day I become prouder and prouder to be a fan of this team, look at Calais fit right in with the squad 💜🖤"
"Very proud of our team leading the way and being a platform for a louder voice but Moscow Mitch is a piece of shit.

I highly doubt he'd let Democratic legislation get passed before elections are over. Genuine snake"
"This is the coolest team in football. Like I've never seen a team with this kinda balls honestly. As much as it isn't a political stance, idiots will see it that way and they know it and aren't afraid. Mad respect."
"So proud. If this offends you, I sincerely hope you take time to self reflect.

So damn proud."
I love this team.
Twitter replies literally raising my blood pressure
Where’s Lamar?
That’s my team. Damn fine human beings.
"Damn, what a franchise. Love being a fan!"
"My letter would be shorter.

""Die already you won't be missed"""
Edit - I stand corrected
"W

We’ve come so far since the Kap shitshow in 2017"
I hope this gets enough attention to get more teams to do the same. My only (very minor) gripe is that this was only the players read and signed this but making this video and releasing on the official twitter account speaks volumes about the support from the rest of the organization.
"Best organization in the NFL, PERIODT"
"I'm a Howard County native but grew up a Washington fan. The Ravens really are a class act and I'm proud to support them as my AFC team. 

Also loved seeing RG3 on there. I'm glad he's found a home."
Im so proud of this team.
"You never expect the insta comments to be the worst ones, but they are"
"Loved it, but I don’t think I saw LJ’s signature or name anywhere on that. Did I miss it?"
Watching this for the first time live on Facebook was not ideal
"Meanwhile if Biscotti was a Trump supporter everyone here would be hating him and denouncing football. BLM is a political organization, nothing more. You can be black and not support them ya know"
[deleted]
""
Aka Pick Six Shawty
Is a straight DAWWWGGG
"Minnesota traded Pick 170 to the Ravens for Vedvik. Baltimore traded their own Pick 173 and Kenny Young for Peters. So while of similar value, Vedvik's pick did not directly turn into Marcus Peters."
Harbaugh looking at him like they know they’re about to finesse
I don't get it. Does *Vedvik* translate to *Pick*?
Juice man
[deleted]
Gaaaah he needs the shades!
[deleted]
I've struggled to find any decent ravens/orioles decorations for mine over the years.  Only things I've used and liked were shot glasses / beer mugs and some other random glass gear.
""
That’s kind of... disturbing
r/unseejuice
Really not sure I liked that.
The raven just wants pets and she’s out there exposing its ear hole to the internet.. smh.
"Quoth the raven, “stop fucking with my feathers”"
""
""
I think you’re way too high on the Cardinals lol
Trash op
I don't think the Chiefs make it to the AFC championship round. Otherwise fine.
Looks good but the bills as the 3 seed? I’m not expecting bill belichick to lose the division to the bills when he hasn’t for the past 20 years. Not that they’d go deep in the playoffs with Cam but still.
"obviously the ravens went 19-0.

nfc west was extremely competitive, I don't know why I'm so high on the cards but that's what it is. 

browns almost made it to the playoffs but they brown'ed.

the afc east really sucks this year. no contest for the bills.

the titans aren't gonna be good. fuck them. colts almost made it.

the lions i had almost making it, but green bay runs away with that division in the last few weeks.

the nfc east is the most mediocre division in the nfl."
"He's out for the year and will have missed 26/32 games when 2021 starts. I know a lot of people still wish we got him over Hurst, but we dodged a bullet."
"I get it, but his entire life, career, and injury history would be different if he was drafted by anyone else. 

Hope he comes back healthy, he’s a monster when on the field."
If he becomes a free agent at some point because of repeated injury which given his injury history in college and the NFL is likely then I would totally love to bring him in.  It’s definitely worth the risk.
"Back at it again on a different day with this post? Since you deleted it yesterday I'll repost my comment:

What is the point of this? To float he's injured? ""Hah! We didn't get him look how injured he is!""

This doesn't relate to the Ravens, why does this sub feel the need to take all r/NFL news and make it about us?

A lot of teams passed on James, he has bad injury luck as of late. That's it."
"I don't know what stats you're looking up but stop going to that site. He didn't miss a game his rookie year, and that included 2 playoff games. He played in 5 more last year. To date he has only missed 11 of 34 the chargers have played. 16 more is 27/50.

And the dodged a bullet idea is nonsense. He should have been drafted by us instead of w/e they were thinking with Hurst. A fluke injury that will cost him his 3rd NFL season isn't a reason not to have taken him in hindsight. Hurst isn't even on the team anymore, and we've had a revolving door at safety."
"Super easy to say in hindsight.

I would've still preferred him over Hurst on the off chance that he stays healthy on a different team, or that he comes back from the extensive injuries and is able to show his stuff.

100% still better on potential to do ANYTHING than Hurst was. IDK how we can ""dodge a bullet"" on a pick where we got minimal value out of and ended up getting extremely lucky to trade for a solid pick."
[deleted]
The Ravens have a 31-11 record against their week 1 opponent
How did you get 42 week 1 games when the Ravens have only had 25 week 1s so far?
And that record has gotten worse in the past 2 years going 1-1 each  of them
[deleted]
""
This is a really old tweet
Black and Yellow was a great wiz khalifa song to be fair
"Man I still want Dez...not really to be our #1, #2, or even #3. I just wanna see his big ass go out there and block or go for a goal line fade."
Sign him
""
We’re officially 14 days from waking up every Sunday to see Lamar light a defense up!! So excited for the NFL season.
One of the few good ones I've seen.
"Let's Go boyz, so pumped for the szn, lets get out there and dominate!"
"Really good mix. 

I’m so ready for another season of plays to be made to be added to future highlight vids."
[deleted]
No. Pay for good content. It's dirt cheap for a full year
Install [this](https://github.com/iamadamdev/bypass-paywalls-chrome) extension in your browser and you'll be able to read it
""
To match his sunglasses obviously.
"We had an Ayanbadejo on both Super Bowl teams, is this the secret to unlocking the third ring?"
I’m assuming he’s in “street clothes” with his jersey on top. He was placed on IR in November with a toe injury.
He's not dressed for the game. The players who were inactive for us during that game all wore uniforms without pads so they wore whatever accessories they felt like.
""
Gimme some pads and a helmet and I'll fill in for Ingram at $100k
only if we were naked
"10 years ago?  Yeah. It would hurt, but I could probably emerge without a significant injury. 

Now?  Hell, no. 

Don’t get old, kids."
Id pay $100k to be tackled by him
"Yeah, 100k would go a long way"
Yes
I'd do it for 1/100th of that.
I could have a pretty sick funeral with 100k.
"I know he's huge and still everytime I see him standing beside other huge men, it blows my mind. But yes"
$100K ain’t even gonna cover my medical bills for after.
100k wouldn’t even cover the hospital bill he would cause. Smh
"Calais is too nice of a human to do any serious damage, so absolutely."
"Yes, because I feel like after tackling me, he will be comforting, and give me a big hug and tell me everything is going to be alright."
Are you asking would I try or would I actually get him on the ground? Either way it's a no.
"As long as the medical staff was made available. 

He would probably go easy on a short, fat, bald man such as myself, but it would still hurt for sure."
"Baker’s gunna get millions for the same deal, not fair!"
I think people underestimate most people's crushing financial situations because I'd do this for like $500
Yep
Yeah I’d take a whole practice of hits for that lol. Obviously hs football is different than the nfl but I think I could take a few nfl hits before breaking some bones
Where do I sign
"sure I got free medical insurance.  I mean the 2-3 years of rehab will suck, but I'll take the hit for 100k"
No. I wouldn’t be alive to spend it lmao
I would grab the rock and run at him for 100k.
Shit he can do it ten times rack up a mil
"Jesus that dude's a fucking monster. 

He's in the background of the photo too so he should be smaller! (Although I know the photo is taken from a higher angle... physics is stoopid)"
Yes so my student loan debt can be replaced by medical debt
Yes if I was living in a country with free health care
if it was full speed i would probably die
"Hell yes, I'd let him tackle me for HALF that."
Would I live from it
Im about the same size as Gus so if he can take it I like to think I could.
Yes
"Perhaps. Do I get pads and a helmet? If not, not, Id die on impact."
Yeah... Honestly it probably wouldn't be that bad... It would suck but it wouldn't nearly be as bad as getting hit by a gunner while returning a punt
Yes
Hell No
Hell yes! Have you seen that NFL network show where he’s breaking down film and he shows Baldinger how he attacks a lineman at the start of a play? It would be over before you knew what happened.
For 100k absolutely
I'd have to check my out of pocket maximum on my health insurance. Would def take more than $100k to rebuild every bone in my body
"Dude seems so fucking cool, definitely a guy to carry on the spirt of Mark. These guys are going to be great together! Hopefully for quite a few years to come."
He banged my girlfriends cousin
"Same man. As well as Gus. I think it's been great to see the community collectively all believe in Gus since the preseason of his first year.

This year feels like the team is really gelling.

Hoping we wear a Mo patch and win the SB for him"
"Y’all got a stud in Dobbins, best RB in the 2020 draft. This is coming from a lions fan."
Sound like Harbs is as well saying he's getting a significant role in the offense this season
"2nd all-time in rushing at Ohio State behind a 2x Heisman Winner. Think about that, in this air-raid day in age. In only 3 years. Unreal."
Me too!. I bought Madden because Lamar is on the cover and i'm always trying to get him snaps.
""
This is borderline p0rn/NSFW.  I'm bookmarking it right away.
Reeeeeeeeeeed.
I wish they were all just the standard live TV footage. But I do love Gerry's calls.
"11 seasons as a Raven, with 61 career INTs during that time. That’s an average of over 5 INTs a season. That’s actually really legendary"
Why was he so cruel to the Browns and Bengals?  Nobody likes a bully.
I keep hearing all this about how Lamar is working on his deep ball and going to run less this year. I don't get why people want to turn him into a pocket passer. I say  let him do what made him a star.. really hope they don't try to force him to be something he's not
"I don’t think they’re trying to change him, more just improve a portion of his game. If we need a few quick strikes to catch up, it’s good to have the deep ball skills to get those points back quick. He’s already showed those skills, I think they’re just focusing on that this year, since that’s kinda what we needed last year in the playoff game."
"I don't get the impression they are forcing him to do anything.  If you listen to what Lamar has talked about the last 2 years, much of what they are working on are the same things he has said he wants to work on.  He is a Quarterback and his main purpose is to distribute the ball.  Passing is a huge component to that in this league.  Lamar improving his ability to pass, anticipate routes, work on his touch and delivery is important.

Again, all of this has been stated candidly by Lamar himself.  He has even talked numerous times about not running as much himself.  That isn't trying to mold him into something he is not, that is just him wanting to make more plays with his arm.  The better he can throw, especially deep, the more opportunities he will have to make big plays with his feet as well.

Think about it this way, if a team has to really worry about your deep pass game, then they have to keep their safeties deep or keep CBs in more off coverage.  They can't just press and play the box all the time.  When you get them to respect that, it will give Lamar more options to be versatile and use all of his skills as a runner and a passer.

Finally, if you look at everything they have done the past few years, they have sold out on being all in with Lamar.  They have changed the style and dynamic of the team to fit more of Lamar's style of play.  But like all teams, they need to constantly change some things and switch some things up to keep opponents guessing."
"Lamar will never turn into Checkdown Joe. 

That’s because he’s his own checkdown. Lol"
I think we will see Lamars career mirror Russell Wilson. When Russ first came into the league he ran a lot and used a ton of read option. Running ability allows a QB to limit turnovers or not force bad throws. As he got more comfortable and experienced they let him throw way more and limit the amount of running.
"Misinformation is part of the off season. They did the same thing last year. Even if they change nothing, they're not going to admit that to all the other teams out there."
That was Caldwells bullshit
I heard he is licking both hands now.
You're falling for it just like they hope other defensive coordinators fall for it. Do you really think Lamar isn't still going to run and make people look foolish with his legs?
""
I assume Harbs would just rope a dope until Jimmy pulled something
"As an avid mma fan, Harbs would kick the ass of every other NFL coach. Not even close"
Harbs' second watch is for clockin those reps
Man looks great for 60- whatever.
Had no idea Harbs was so ripped
John CARBaugh vs. GYMmy Smith
Oh shit guess his madden model is actually legit.
Jimmy would eat Harbaugh’s biceps for a small snack between breakfast and lunch and after that.... what was your question again?
[deleted]
""
lol i did indeed
Well done! I didn’t even see it until the end.
""
If we have to keep one in order to keep Lamar. We gotta keep our o line strong. I really don't want Marlon to go tho.
""
Should have just bought the box Fuck madden
I know its lamar but i wish people would stop spending money on this shit game. At their board meetings they probably have a good laugh at how people still buy this shit when they don't even try
It's frustrating that Lamar got stuck with this dog shit retread of a game and the worlds most amateur cover art.
[deleted]
Poor Gus
"John Harbaugh said rookie RB J.K. Dobbins will probably have a ""significant"" role this season. He raved about Dobbins' confidence and coachability.

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
That’s great to hear about Tyre
Dobbins is gonna be so fucking good in this offense man. I love Ingram but Dobbins is gonna take that starting job by the the end of the year.
"Out of all the potential replacements for Yanda that we had this offseason, Phillips is the one I least suspected to earn the starting job. But if he’s outplaying Powers, Bredeson, Makari, AND Fluker then I’m not gonna complain about that."
Plus Madabuike is gonna rotate on that line a bunch
guys we have our own saquon :)
Did something happen to Madubuike and Harrison?
Means we’re gonna have a really good young team for a long time
And the sky is blue. I hate training camp stories. Bring me the season already.
"Despite unusual training camp and no preseason, Ravens should get immediate impact from handful of rookies:

Patrick Queen: Starting MLB
J.K. Dobbins: 'Signficant' role as backup RB
Devin Duvernay: In mix as WR/KR
Tyre Phillips: Potential starter at guard
James Proche: Punt ret.

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
"Arthur Brown. Such a fast lb with good tackling, couldn’t get off blocks for shit though. Ravens weren’t able to develop that out of him"
[deleted]
Tim williams
I thought Maxx Williams was gonna be the next Kelce in terms of receiving. Oh how that draft ruined me 🙃🙃🙃🙃
"He was a beast at blocking field goals. 

My pick is Matt Elam. He was good in college and just was awful from day 1. Wasted a first rounder on that dickhead."
Breshad Perriman
"Mothafuckin Yamon Figurs, he had a solid rookie season and I thought we'd stumbled upon the next Devin Hester.

(I know that's an insane thought to have, in my defense I was 11 at the time)"
"I thought Mark Clayton was going to be the next Derrick Mason. He was a younger, faster version. Had all the opportunity to learn and develop from Mason himself. Just couldn't figure out catching."
"Demetrius ""Spiderman"" Williams

I watched the guy close in college and was certain his game would translate."
Thoughts on Sergio Kindle?
"Already been said but Tim Williams and Sergio Kindle

Still butt hurt"
"Tim Jernigan watched him a couple times when he was at Florida State and thought the dude was a monster.  Pschyed we got him and thought he could be the next Ngata, oh how wrong I was."
"Tavares Gooden. 

I was maybe 15-16 when he was on the team with Ray and I was like “he’s a MLB from Miami so he’s gonna be the next Ray Lewis!”

Yeah...that didn’t pan out."
"One of the more recent ones was Nico Siragusa.  He was running with the first team his rookie year in camp and a lot of great talk about him.  Then injury and never really came back.  

Some others that I bought into based on draft hype were Maxx Williams, Carl Davis, and Terrance Brooks.  All of those guys were lauded as “steal of the draft” and A+ picks, but just never happened."
Dan Cody
"Tavares Gooden. He was starting next to Ray, assumed he had the best chance to take a leap learning next to the GOAT."
"Say what you want about Cody but he swallowed Jamaal Charles in a critical playoff game, dude was not the same after he fumbled.

https://www.baltimoreravens.com/video/charles-fumble-7665625"
Travis Taylor was fast as hell but had no heart.
Art Brown. I still don't understand how the Ravrns and the college scouts and analysts were so wrong. I barely even saw him on the field.
Patrick Johnson. That dude was so fast but looked like he had never even seen a football until draft day. He caught footballs the way I punch drywall.
Mark Clayton.
Courtney upshaw
Sergio Kindle.
Perriman
"Matt Elam on defense.
Kenneth Dixon on offense."
I feel like most of the draft picks have been covered.. so I'm gonna go with a free agent and say 🤢🤢 Jeremy Maclin.
"Bronson Kaufusi - definitely not my first pick but didn't do anything for us

Also I thought Elam would be good, so I may not know much"
had to come back to put tommy streeter and clarance moore lol OG. ravens fans remember clarance moore lol
LaQuan Williams
Kyle Boller
"Maxx Williams. Not only because we got him and I thought he was gonna be great, but we jumped over Pittsburgh, who were definitely going to pick him. He was talked about as a dark horse OROY, and then didn't do very well. The Steelers didn't do much better, but damn, I was hyped for him"
Perriman. I still feel like a fool for putting as much faith as I did in him
Terrance Brooks on D and Tony Banks on O. A freak injury playing beach volleyball!?!
"Michael Campanaro, even though he was a late round pick he showed a ton of promise. Couldn't stay healthy though.

Just learned he's out of football now :("
"Fuck..breshad ""insult to bricks""... Perriman. I was hyped finally the Ravens draft a WR early and he's fast to go with flaccos deep bomb. He gets hurt flacco becomes Capt checkdown and the dude looked like he was playing defense every play. IIRC he had a couple of INTs caused by the ball just bouncing off him. Other finalists include arthur brown, Matt fucking elam, and sergio kindle (honestly this one is sad)"
sergio kindle smh and perriman tbh
Terrance Brooks
"Tom zibikowski, thought he’d be a good ss next to reed"
Michael Oher.  He was supposed to be our franchise left tackle but couldn’t even play right tackle.  The line that Flacco had makes me wonder how he didn’t get hurt more often.
"LEE EVANS. THE DROP.  


sorry had to."
""
This is sick man
You can still go hard on the streets on Saturdays/early Sunday’s to rep the Flock. It’s what I do on my 600rr.
"Why didn't I think of wearing my jersey over my jacket, damnit? Extra .0001 seconds of slide protection! :D

Oh yeah cuz it's hot as shot and I can barely bring myself to wear the jacket anyways haha."
""
Justin Ellis and Jihad Ward head butting each other on the beginning is so funny to me
Marlon is so damn likable
Marlon with the visor tint is lethal
Any idea what the yellow helmets notify at 4:04?
[deleted]
You made a whole post to complain because of probably one person. Seems pretty sensitive to me.
So do we sign Fournette and have all running backs on every play? /s
It’s all TEs and RBs. Always has been.
"Fuck it, while we're at it, since apparently the Saints are open to trading him, might as well take a swipe at Alvin Kamara

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Also, imagine LJ and Kamara on the same field.... 🍆💦💦💦"
[removed]
".......Why is this a post? 🤔 I feel you're trying to draw out something contentious. You know we could do both, right"
Mo
Mo
"Mo

Possible unpopular opinion, I don’t support honoring anyone involved in an investigation until the investigation is totally complete and all of the facts are known. I’m not saying Blake was wrong or right, I’m saying no one REALLY knows who was wrong or right in this specific situation. I just don’t support jumping to conclusions. 

If they want to make a statement or wear something that supports an idea or belief in general, like inclusion or anti-racism, I totally support that."
Mo.
Mo
Mo 100%
[deleted]
"You know you did good when your #32 pick redrafts #1 overall and your 3rd rounder is a mid first round pick 

That’s sexy af

If they did the whole 1st round I bet Mark Andrews would be in here too"
If you don’t want to see “Lamar Jackson to the Browns” it’s probably best to avoid 2018 redrafts lol
Lamar Jackson on the Browns would be in a wheelchair right now
Hue was the coach at the time you know damn well he wouldve switched to wr like a moron
Chubb was a stud in the second round of this draft but how would Saquon not go at 4...?
Lamar honestly landed on the best team possible. There are maybe 2-3 other teams that would have tried to build the offense around Lamar but the Ravens had the best coaches before they drafted Lamar. Orlando Brown a first round pick after we got him in the third? Nice.
Yeah Darold at 3 is rediculous
I would definitely draft Baker over Josh Allen.
"It's funny because last year (before the season started) the NFL put out a video on this... How quickly things change.

https://youtu.be/049NFPXK-PI"
"Some of ozzies finest work in his final draft

*chefs kisses"
Mark Andrews must be #17 if he's not in that list.
"Lamar wouldn't find the levels of success he has with us. 

Because we actually took the time to build around him and help him, instead of expecting him to magically turn the ship around, like the Browns have done with the past 2-3 QBs they've drafted. 

In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if the Browns part ways with Baker and expect Trevor Lawrence to be their savior next."
I have to imagine Marc Andrews is somewhere in the 1st round as well.
In what world is Denzel Ward getting drafted before Derwin or Minkah?
Why did you share this with us? What did we do to deserve this pain?
There is zero chance Darnold goes that high.
lol poor jets
[deleted]
[deleted]
"If you’re not in the Baltimore area, what service do you use to watch all of the games? Sunday Ticket is expensive and I wanna watch all the games this year. Recommendations please!"
Nflbite.com
Crackstreams
I use streams but I also got game pass last year and I liked it a lot.
DAZN
Get a fire stick and then download Kodi. All you’ll need is a VPN and you’re set.
"I am the commisioner of a fantasy football league with a team that has become available.

This is our 20th season and we had a some mildly quirky rules and traditions that I think makes us an especially nice choice for someone looking for a second league (Though we are plenty of people's only league and that's cool, too.  It's my only league most years because I have to handle commissioner stuff as well as my team.) or something of that nature, because we are different enough to be interesting but so different as to be frustrating.

We do expect owners to set lineups week to week and make sure they have a starter at every position every week and to play to win.  However, you don't actually have to win. Some people have played for years and always have losing records and we're cool with it because we see they set their lineups and make transactions and are trying.  You have to try, not necessarily be skilled. :)

If anyone cares, we are rated a Gold level league (80th percentile or above, but below 95th percentile, which is a different level) by Yahoo and have people in the lowest category (Bronze) and in the highest category (99th percentile), so it's a little wide spread.

One catch is that the league has already drafted. The draft for this team didn't go very well, so it's a challenge, but not an impossible one. We chose not to have a Covid IR, which means if the season involves as many suddenly cancelled NFL games as some think, there will be a lot of movement of players from rosters to the wavier wire and free agency pool and back with teams scrambling to find people to start, which means a lot of chances for a team to improve by scooping up guys other teams are basically forced to cut to clear roster spots.

Get me your email address if you are interested and I'll send an invite.

One thing I should say from the onset is that we don't do politics or related symbols and even have a no politics rule for team logos and essentially everything.  Applies equally to both sides.  Keeps the peace. :)"
I stopped playing FF in ‘16. Got tired of rooting against my players and team.
"Thanks to everyone who checked us out!  We found someone here and brought him in, so we're good now."
"A real team can not be beat.

A real team can lose regular season games.

A real team can lose post season games.

A real team can lose a championship.

But a real team can not be beat.

This is a real team."
"WOW DEEP

Really make you thonk 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔"
""
I’m a straight married dude but I probably would for Marlon
He a top 2 corner and he ain’t #2😤😤😤
My FF team name last season was Marlon and Me. Which was appropriate because I had Baltimore’s D/ST and my team died at the end.
"Top notch Ravens/Day-of-the-week-humor related content, right here."
"Is Marlon still single, asking for a friend....."
Gives me Afro Samurai or The Game of Death Kareem vibes.
Drip 👑
This is art
Loving the swag
DPOY 2020
Are those eyeballs on his shirt?
about to drop the hottest mixtape of 1972
[deleted]
No one cares about your fantasy team.
""
You seem to be lucky to be having that kind of TRUSSSSSSSSSS in your marriage.
"Trusssss

She's a keeper homie"
Big Truzzz
Truzz
[removed]
""
I’m going to like Ian Eagle so much more now that Fouts is gone.
We get the great Kevin Harlan week 2 😎
"Ravens get Ian Eagle/Charles Davis//Evan Washburn week 1, Kevin Harlan/Trent Green//Melanie Collins week 2"
"No Fouts, fuck yes. That is a win already"
thank god dan fouts is gone he was horrible and Ian Eagle and Harlan r amazing announcers
"More Romo, Plz. Dude's commentary is seriously educational, and hes charming."
"I wonder why they swapped Rich Gannon & Trent Green? Regardless, Kevin Harlan = GOAT status in my mind! I guess Green probably won't have any grudges against the Ravens, a la Gannon's subliminal/subconscious disdain that occasionally reared its ugly head — which obviously stems from Goose's belly flop onto him in the 2000 AFC Championship Game. It is interesting that Harlan is once again paired with a former KC QB, especially considering his historical ties to the Chiefs."
""
Jesus
Lol wtf is wrong with Madden
Is madden 21 as bad as people say? I decided not to preorder it this year and it seems to have payed off
What did PIT do with their single takeaway?
Ravens are nasty in this game Lamar can run whenever he wants even vs all madden lol
Literally how
Lmfaoooo
Man I just suck. I play on all pro and I’m 4-4 what am I doing wrong!?!
Were you playing on Rookie?
almost 15 yards per play lmao
ok what
"Oh please, against the Steelers? Never. Browns? 99% possible ."
Scores too low.
"Was this on like child mode or something?

That's just absurd lmao"
""
[removed]
[deleted]
Joined
Make it 10 teams and lemme squeeze in I need atleast 1 league this year
"Will the Ravens honor Mo in any way on their uniform? I sure hope so, I did not see any information on this for the season.

Edit - Typo"
"I think it will be well deserved. 
I hope they do."
Would be awesome if they did
They 100% should.
"The rest of the league/country should know about Mo. This town was his and he was this towns, but his story and beautiful life should be shared."
"Here are two concepts I quickly came up with. (It says Mo in braille)

With Image - [https://imgur.com/fSjylkh](https://imgur.com/fSjylkh)

Text Only - [https://imgur.com/RTmFt5R](https://imgur.com/RTmFt5R)"
""
"Will also point out that Bill gave us a 4th round pick for Eluemunor, that we then traded back to them, along with our 2nd, for two of their 3rd round picks that would become Madubuike and Harrison"
Pats traded their 2nd rounder for Sanu. We drafted Dobbins in the 2nd
[Anatomy of A Trade](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/ilhs00/is_this_good_decosta_the_goat/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Can someone explain how this to me?
""
"Yeah, Harbs was the number 2 option after I believe Andy Reid gave him a good recommendation.

Turned out well for the Ravens. Dodged a clapping bullet."
"I remember being PISSED that we missed out on Garret and really annoyed that we settled for a special teams coach from Philly. Such a silly reaction looking back, but 2008 was fun all things considered."
It is also worth remembering that Brian Billick only got the head coaching gig after George Seifert turned it down.  Both of the Raven's Super Bowl wins were teams coached by their second choice for head coach...
probably gonna be the best HC the franchise has had for as long as it exists. love Harbs
McDaniels was lurking in the water as well.
"I really, really wanted Garrett. I thought he was going to be a stud coach. Next I wanted Tex yo have the job. I was legitimately pissed we hired Harbs. I guess that’s why I’m not an NFL GM."
"Garrett might have developed into a better coach here than he did in Dallas.  Flacco had his best games in a system like the one Garrett had.  Who knows what might have been if those two had gotten to grow up together. 

But I am 100% a John Harbaugh guy.  He's my coach."
Garrett was definitely coming to Baltimore until JJ convinced Garret that he would get the HC job within 2 years.
Seeing stuff like this makes me get cold sweats....we would still be bragging about 1 SB win if we got Garrett. Man's had the most stacked offense last year on the Cowgirls and made them go 8-8
""
"Makes losing Hayden Hurst worth it. I know on paper it was a good trade already, but he was one of those players I just really liked, so I was sad when he left."
"EDC turned a TE2 and R4 pick into Calais Campbell and JK Dobbins. 

I legit don't know how we let this absolute thief walk around on the streets anymore."
Seeing this level of competency from an FO is true respite from the Sixers
"So the Falcons traded Sanu and a RD5 for Hurst and RD4?

Seems like the made out pretty good too."
Yeah the Patriots fucked up that trade. Sanu is a WR3 at best. Fuckem
September: Patriots cut Sanu.
EDC is playing 3D chess while everyone else is playing checkers
He’s awesome. I am still stunned how we got Peters with a pick for a kicker we were NEVER GOING TO SIGN.
"To be fair the Campbell trade was made because of cap reasons, not necessarily an equivalent player value. 

The real value in this trade comes with the fact that the Ravens were willing to part ways with the recently drafted 1st rd. Pick because of the value they already have at TE. Ace move by the GM to make good trades for the roster you have."
He did train with the Yoda of NFL FO!
Losing Hayden Hurst still hurts me a bit. Man had great hands and insane speed and was an amazing talent. Too bad he was underutilized. Im hype asf for calais tho no doubt
"It feels good watching the Pats fail, especially when we also succeed."
Love getting Campbell
"I love it, but how is it legal for us to win that much? I feel like it shouldnt be able to happen, but DeCosta makes it so."
"This has been one of the best examples of Football Management I've ever seen. Tier one pass rushers and tier one (potential) running back for Hayden Hurst (tier 2 TE, at best). Love it!"
Best GM in sports?
Hot take but Hurst has the best hands out of our TE group.
Only EcD can trade a player from another team and turn it into Campbell and JK :P
"So Hayden Hurst = Calais Campbell & J.K. Dobbins


I’ll take it"
Ravens spent a high 1st on Hurst lol.
"
N
N
N
N
N
N. 
N
No n
N
N
Pxo"
"With our receiver corp so young, is he worth a workout? 

Guy obviously didn’t work out in New England but they signed him to be their primary outside number 1 with Josh Gordon. (I know Edelman, but he’s a slot guy). 

He was outstanding as a number 2 behind Julio in Atlanta and AJ in Cincinnati. 

Sanu has never been an issue off-the-field. Never a problem with the media. Guys seem to like him in the locker room. Is from/still lives in New Jersey so it’s somewhat close Keeps to himself, works hard, and leads by example consistently.

Here he wouldn’t have to be “the guy” but a guy, very similar to a Crabtree. Plus a 1 year deal to prove he’s still worth something never hurt nobody.

I like it. Thoughts?"
"Apparently he's a really good blocker, but eh. Isn't he hurt?"
"Similar body to dez. Big strong, physical guy. Good blocker. If he comes at the right price , hell yea"
"Even the most successful coach in pro football, who's desperate for wide receiver talent, doesn't think he's worth a roster spot."
"Eh, take a look, but I don't really see what he'd bring to us honestly. He doesn't really fit with what we've been looking for in WRs under DeCosta so far. Honestly would rather we save our money for when teams start trimming down to 53 and there are some more potentially impactful options on the market, as far as WR goes I'd rather just see what we have in the younger guys than sign Sanu.

He's a good WR3 at best, not sure why the Patriots decided he was worth a 2nd. Saying he was an ""outstanding number 2"" is a stretch, he wasn't a  liability when he literally had two of the best WRs in the league peeling coverage away from him."
"You’d think if he had anything left, the receiver starved Patriots would hold on to him. 

Hard pass."
He wears DBZ cleats so the answer is fuck yes
"Decent big receiver, can play strong in a gimmick offense, great run blocker, and a Rutgers kid. I'm for it."
"I don't really think he would start for us, so nah. He's older now. Pats didn't see much in him. I'm fine with sticking with our young guns."
Would be disappointing because it would mean the FO isn’t impressed with the current group outside of Hollywood
Nah we got enough heads to feed already and he doesn't bring anything unique to our WR room
Sanu did his job for the franchise already getting us Dobbins
"Fuck no that would be a massive step backwards to what we did during our 6 year playoff drought.

If he can't make the Pats with their sorry ass receivers then he's not making our team."
AB or bust.
[deleted]
Id rather have Dez over Sanu but who knows Sanu has atleast been playing maybe he just had a bad year. I definitely think we need another wr at some point.
[deleted]
""
"Everybody knows Lamar can't play when it's 63 degrees, 8mph wind from the NNW and the moon is in Pisces. We've *figured him out*."
And the Browns trolls were nowhere to be found in our gameday thread after that...
"None of the Lamar criticism bothers me at all. His play speaks, only a fool legit thinks he isn’t a good QB"
"Look guys, I love Lamar. But we're down by 6 at the end of the first half in this video. 

Offering this as a counter to ""Lamar can't play from behind"" is weak. 

Dude's a straight-up baller and his play from behind victories will come, there is *zero* doubt in my mind about it. The fact that we so rarely have to play from behind is a testament to how good he (and the rest of our team, of course) is. 

No need for a reach like this and inferring it's proof he can play from behind. 

That being said, great two drives and I can watch highlights all day long."
He got lucky. He’s got a decent arm for a running back but he’ll never make it as a qb /s
What a hilarious example of trying to say Lamar is skilled at playing from behind. Thank you. Needed a laugh.
[removed]
Looking for any ideas since I missed out on drafting Lamar. Drafted Hollywood in my family league. Would love a good name from the flock.
Once Upon a Dime to Hollywood
I'm not very clever when it comes to puns or nicknames but I'm trying to think of something related to his nicknames of Hollywood and Prime Time Jet
Not Hollywood themed but CrowsB4Hoes is a good one 😂
Be More Hollywood😎
"Somebody posted ""Marquise my brown ass"" the other day. Not my idea, but I loved it."
"Once upon a time in hollywood, hollywood squares, something like that maybe?"
"This is Hollywoodland, baby."
Hollywood Knights
Jet into Hollywood Primetime
[deleted]
""
'What it's like having such a big dong'
Shouldn’t the chapter regarding 5th round picks be chapter 5?
Chapter 7: New England gives us JK Dobbins for a wide receiver that got them 200 yards
"Chapter 3: 2018 Draft, a masterclass in trading back, tripling your capital and still getting your guys"
Chapter 10:  Fuck Earl Thomas
Chapter 6 how to draft top caliber rookies without having to do anything
"Epilogue: Using your resources to cover your only mistake...Using families of a player to ""invite"" him to leave his house.  Note 1: remember to unload the gun next time for better risk management"
Chapter 4: Mohammed Sanu? JK!
Chapter 12: Gaining black mail on other GM’s to ensure the best deals.
Chapter 15 how to finally draft a WR that isn't a total bust
Chapter 5: Getting a draft pick out of Bum Flacco
"Looking for fantasy football team logos, preferably ravens themed and funny. If anyone has anything let me know!"
[can't go wrong with this one](https://images.app.goo.gl/rxFZaAp1uzVdvgrt5)
My fantasy team name is [Yippee Ki Yay mother Tucker ](https://imgur.com/gallery/xmKZBbE)
"Here’s the two options I made for myself this year:

[JK Baskin Dobbins](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/h9kpmi/i_spent_way_too_long_making_this_for_my_fantasy/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)


[Ménage à Thomas](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/ifwhmo/welp_my_fantasy_football_team_was_going_to_be/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)"
""
"Josh Reed and I Explain some of the new/complex roster rules in place for 2020 and how they may impact the Ravens roster:

1. Use of IR in a season of unlimited 3-week returns.
2. What players provide the Ravens with initial roster flexibility (Saturday)?
3. What 2 position groups are the Ravens (and all other teams) incented to carry more players?
4. How can the Ravens make use of their ambivalence between players at the end of the roster?
5. Why should we expect stickiness on practice squads?"
"Future of Ataro Olaka?

Is DJ Fluker a lock at RG, or does Tyre Phillips have a shot?

Are 3 QBs more likely with COVID this year?

With 5 CBs set to make the team, does that increase Warrior's chances?"
Pretty interesting to see you keep only 2 QBs on the roster. I would love the extra spot for Powers. But I don't know if we can sneak Huntley and McSorley on the PS
Its 55 now broo
"&#x200B;

[Ravens Current Cap Room according to Spotrac](https://preview.redd.it/s8y7od2uexk51.jpg?width=299&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=991e14460f982a1790512d6201d49743d7d34bce)"
"[This article](https://russellstreetreport.com/2020/08/23/baltimore-ravens-salary-cap/earl-thomas-release/) is imo from a more trustworthy source for Ravens cap issues, it says we have 13M available"
This doesn’t seem to be accurate
So this includes the Earl cut less 40% held for grievance?
"Why is there such a huge difference between spotrac and overthecap? Over the cap has Ravens at $16.6 in space.

https://overthecap.com/salary-cap/baltimore-ravens/"
"Idk what half of this means, help"
Not great not terrible
Perfect for a Clowney 3 year deal
"Well that's less than ideal. I trust we have a plan, but its still not great to see those numbers right now."
""
That's my ~~Quarterback~~ ~~RunningBack~~ ~~Wide Reciever~~ Llama !
"Unflappable, just like our boy.  Truss!"
I think I speak for all of us when I say we’ve been waiting for a meme like this every day since week 9.
I saw that post and instantly thought of Llamar
Fucking amazing.  I think I now have a new logo for my fantasy football team.
"“There’s a whole box of em behind the bench Coach Harbaugh bought for me. Grab your own Big Baby, They DOPE!”"
"Dude i kept clicking the link and it brought me to the r/aww sub and i was like reddit is messing up again, then i got the joke."
Nice
They need hats.
Nice.
[removed]
19-0 sb champs 😎 been saying it since before the draft
"I predicting that we will beat the Browns and go from there. 

1 game at a time folks."
""
I cant either baby
"I know this is lame, but I care more about Tyre Phillips than I do the skill players.  If he can step up and give quality o-line play for 3-4 years at a cheap price, the Ravens will be in good shape.

Keeping Lamar upright and the running lanes open is critical here.

Also very excited for the skill guys!"
"I had a dream that proche was an all pro as a rookie. Ignore the fact that in the dream he took his helmet off and became a lanky ginger, I’m sticking with the all pro"
Is it the 13th yet?? I'm so impatient this year without the preseason!
Cant wait till J.K. gets Rowling
"Dude I really think Devin will thrive on our system. And strong and super speedy over the middle threat.
Not super big to play outside but sure-handed prototypical slot receiver."
😩💦
"Proche in college was insane, it'll be a damn shame to not see him at the 2 bare minimum"
I just can't wait for football to start. I heard about Devin being a burner.
we can’t wait either lamar I have such high expectations for both of them
Dobbins is a boss in madden and Duv is money on the sweeps and toss passes dudes fast as hell
"Clearly a smokescreen to distract from the real 2020 league MVP, Jaleel Scott"
I'll confess to being quite eager to see them myself.
"in my dynasty league should I draft Duvernay or Proche? I’m already going all in on Dobbins, but am limited in WR spots."
[deleted]
""
Totally agree here. Don’t want to take any unnecessary game day risks.
The trips will be very quick too if the traffic stays at current levels... The fewer cars on the road is the only thing I’m going to miss once this pandemic ends
"So this may not get seen at all, but I have an awesome name for my fantasy football team. I have Lamar Jackson, so my team name is LAMARvel Cinematic Uni(verse). It’s in parentheses because ESPN doesn’t allow that long of a name.

So let me move onto what I’m looking for. Has anyone every seen a really cool/good photoshop of Lamar as any Marvel superhero? If so can you share because I would be pumped to use it for my team logo.

Thanks in advance!
(Btw I hope this isn’t the wrong place to post this)"
[here ya go bud](https://imgur.com/a/T2x9PBS)
"This is the logo I used last year

[Captain America Logo](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/booyh0/1_down_3_to_go/)"
"[here](https://imgur.com/J6Ls9Ge). not Marvel, but still great!"
IM SO READY FOR LAMAR MVP JACKSON PLAYING HIS 2ND FULL SEASON. INGRAM/DOBBINS 1-2 PUNCH. A HEALTHY BEEFED UP HOLLYWOOD BROWN TO GO WITH MARK THE MAN ANDREWS. CALAIS CAMPBELL (FOR A 5TH ROUND PICK) AND WOLFE HELLO IMPROVED PASS RUSH AND RUN DEFENSE!!! AN AMAZING CORNER ROTATION WITH HUNGRY YOUNG SAFETY'S. THE ALWAYS ELITE WOLF PACK. ITS A GREAT TIME TO BE A RAVENS FAN!
The only thing that would make this better is if we could actually be there for a game.
Cant wait for the playoffs!
"the only part that fucking sucks can’t go to a game I bought tickets for Cleveland Home, Washington away and Pittsburgh away I was so excited fuck 2020"
"I was worried that the season wouldn't happen on time with the NFL not taking as many precautions as the NBA, but it seems like the teams have done a good job of controlling infections. I'm so excited that it should be starting on time and hopefully teams can keep up their good work in staying healthy!"
"BRUH DONT FORGET TO ADD THE GUS BUS IN THE RUSHING EQUATION


DUDE ISNT TALKED ABOUT BUT DOES NOTHING BUT RIP OFF GAME ENDING, SOUL SHATTERING BIG BOI BEEFY RUNS IN THE FOURTH QUARTER WHEN THE DEFENSE IS GASSED


WE'RE HEADED IN WITH A HEAD FULL OF STEAM BAYBEEEEEEE"
Bold of you to shorten the name of the Ingram/Dobbins/Edwards/Hill 1-2-3-4 punch. Get ready for the run run run run QB run pass option
"Hated the dobbins pick at first cuz of draft logic but the bpa tactic seems to have put us in a position that I like. I'm still not the happiest with our receiver core but ay, we are a run first team plus it's been said that dobbins has done nothing short but kill it every practice. Can't wait to see this man rep 27"
So fuckin ready. Can't wait to watch a game!
"I loved the hype in this post, felt it radiating"
""
I have a couple of quick questions. How much does it cost and can I use my dog?
I was thinking about it but the Canadian dollar is trash right now.
Is it 1 purchase for all the home games? You don't have to buy 1 cut-out for each game do you?
Tbf all proceeds are going to a charity.
I was in to do this til I saw where they wouldnt send you the cutout or at least let you buy it after the season.
"He also is apparently looking more driven then ever because he's never had a coach look him in the face and flat out say ""no thanks"".


I didn't realize he was that bad in his tryout 😬"
Lmao that’s a tough one. Those workouts are really that tough that he puked?
"I think Dez's heart is there but injuries and taking two years off really turned the clock waaaay forward on his career, imagine if we had him and Wallace the same year"
"Someone posted what the workout was a couple years ago, and assuming it was accurate...it looks fucking insane.

Suggs also failed it a few years ago and he was close to game-shape. There's a reason why our team very rarely looks gassed, shits intense."
I think this was reported right after it happened
Barstool Banks said that too fwiw
"lol what a pussy. (im just kidding I would quite literally die during the warm up, and Im in good shape)"
"Sucks to hear tbh, was looking forward to a veteran reciever. Not sure if those workouts were hell or he was out of shape. I'm assuming he was pushed hard since the front doesn't want to gamble on him"
That's what Barstool Banks said too.
"Let’s say all our top players either top 1000 yards or get really close. That means, LJ, Ingram, Edwards, Andrews, Brown, and maybe JK. That’s possibly 6000 yards right there. Add in 500ish yards each from Snead, Duvernay, and Proche even, and maybe another 300 for Hill. 

Is that crazy talk??"
"Considering we were less than 500 yards away from it last year, it certainly seems doable.  But we would probably have to be in more close games and push the ball down the field in more 4th quarters, which I'm unsure about."
yes
"Well this sub once thought Maclin, Perriman and Wallace would each put up 1000 yards so nothing is crazy here"
"Its not crazy at all. Only thing is,  just like last season, LJ might not play in the 4th quarter in some games! I see a few blowouts incoming"
"I think you have Gus and JK opposite, if Gus isn't dealt I still think JK has taken that number 2 spot"
If we keep rg3 on the bench this time around then yes
"7,000 yards isn’t crazy after last year

But thinking LJ, Ingram, Edwards, and Dobbins could ever EACH get 1,000 yards is insane

Obviously it’s hypothetically possible but I seriously doubt 3 running backs have ever gotten 1,000 total yards all on the same team in the same season. And then add another thousand to LJ"
"Not crazy,  but it would mean besting last year's total. 

We had 6521 yards of total offense last year (407.5 per game).  7000 yards across 16 games would mean an additional 30 per game."
"All these guys could get 1000 individuals, but I don’t think they can all do it at once."
"Yes, it's crazy talk.  We're taking a big step back without Yanda.  It will take at least 2 years to get RG back up to speed.   We may still win a lot of games, but it won't look as easy as it did last year."
