text
Burrow has been sacked 22 times & has only won one game. Losing was unacceptable to Joe & now after 5 weeks it's the norm. Mike Brown has a history of terrible decisions. Zac Taylor is a total nobody when we could have hired former Bengal Eric Bieniemy as head coach.  The Bengals need to make some serious changes or Burrow will be another Davd Carr.
"Good god can everyone just shut up with the same posts 20x a day, WE GET IT. It’s either this one, a “we need to trade aj/ross/Dunlap for lineman,” or a “fire Zach/Lou/turner” post. 

You’re not adding anything new or clever"
Kyler Murray was sacked more than Joe Burrow through 5 games as a rookie. You can’t solve all of your problems in one offseason. Do you think it would have made better sense to pass on Joe because we didn’t have a great line?
"Lol, imagine if he didn’t take Burrow. The first year is often rough. He’ll be ok as long as we address the Line."
I think the Bengals need to try a FB if they aren’t going to address the OL
"Just shows that Mike drives around without auto insurance, Cheap ass."
Let's avoid the Zack Taylor debate in this thread. Assume he IS fired. Anyone got an idea of who they'd want to replace him?
"Someone who has had experience running a team.

I don’t care if old or young. 

I’m not sold on Bienemy but he is running centric and that’s a bonus."
"Matt Eberflus is an attractive candidate but may prefer a different gig. I actually like Todd Bowles, as far as re-treads go. He leads a great defense and the situation with the Jets was borderline unfair. 

I’d be ok with Bienemy or even promoting Simmons, like some others have mentioned.

It’s probably a year early on Joe Brady but assuming he doesn’t get poached and Zac makes it one more year, he could be attractive as well."
Demote Duke Tobin to head coach so he can experience what it feels like to try to be a leader of low talent men and try to win.
Promote Darrin Simmons or go after Eric Bieniemy
I would wonder if having Joe Burrow would make our HC position more attractive now to coaches. Like knowing you are getting a young QB  like that you'd think would be a good bonus. I just don't know if its enough to make up for having to deal with the Browns and the organization as a whole.
Joe Brady is the only answer but im still not giving up hope on taylor yet.
"SI did this about a month ago.  
https://www.si.com/.amp/nfl/2020/09/11/head-coaching-candidates-2021"
"It's between Eric Bieniemy and Brian Daboll for me. Even Josh McDaniels. But I doubt any of them would come here. If we get a top 5 pick and Joe Burrow, that might be enough"
"I don't think the Bengals are ever going to realistically pay some of these top options people are suggesting. Doesn't matter what players we have to entice them when old Mike brown wants someone cheap, or used. It's why we have who we have now."
"Here are my candidates:

Jason Garrett would be great for this locker room. Leadership and brining the team together. He also understand the importance of an OL....which we can all agree is extremely important. That fact alone, he should get the job. 

Robert Salah, high energy and a great defensive mind. It may effect burrows growth unless he makes a great hire as an OC. 

Lincoln Riley, brilliant offensive mind, built off the air raid system. We’d have to re-do our WR for speed but that is an easier fix. His defenses suck which is concerning but his rate of getting the most out of QB would be huge for burrow. 

My home run——-Urban Meyer. Leadership, winning culture, builder of men. Loves Burrow."
"People hated on me last time I suggested it in this sub but Luke Fickell. No NFL experience but the caliber of assistant coaches he would bring in compared to most other coaches would be unreal (going back to his OSU days) and he has a proven track record of making okay players great. Which lets be honest is a must for a Mike Brown owned team. High risk, high reward imo."
 Bieniemy is my top pick but I have a hard time believing we will pay for him so I think Joe Brady might be our best shot.
The defensive coordinator from the 2000 Ravens
"When I think about the coaching situation, the question I ask is: can we get someone better than Zac Taylor, not whether Zac should be fired or not. 

Given the ownership and FO structure of the Bengals, a lot of high profile candidates, that may have other options won’t want to come here. And the Brown family is going to overpay and over commit to get a high profile college coach, like what happened with Matt Rhule this past cycle. 

I see there possibly being 6 opening in this next cycle: Falcons, Texans, Jets, Lions, Jags and Chargers.

All of these teams, except for maybe the Falcons and Lions, either have young QBs or will draft a QB in first round and will likely be looking for an Offensive minded head coach. 

Burrow, certainly adds appeal to the opportunity. The Bengals had a chance to get Bienemy when they were hiring Zac, so I don’t see that as an option, and it seems like he’ll be a highly coveted with multiple head coaching options.

Given that it slims down the options to a couple of retreads (Jay Gruden, Todd Bowles, Jim Schwartz), or a few young first timers (Brian Daboll, Arthur Smith, Joe Brady, Byron Leftwich) and you don’t know if any will be good as a head coach."
Under the assumption that the Bengals fire Zac Taylor than I would have to say that the best replacement would be Joe Brady.  Joe Brady has  the relationship with Joe Burrow and was a huge contributor to LSU’s 2019 National Championship run.  Joe Brady took Joe Burrow who was projected to go into the mid rounds of the 2020 NFL Draft and made him the consensus 1st round pick in the draft that year.  Joe Brady already knows Joe Burrows strengths and weaknesses and Joe Burrow knows Joe Brady’s system and thrives under said system.  I could see great things if Joe Brady and Joe Burrow were paired together.
"Eric Bieniemy. Andy Reid has a very good coaching tree in John Harbaugh, Doug Pederson, Riverboat Ron, and Sean McDermott. Being the OC under one of arguably the best offensive minds to ever coach in football makes him seem like the most desirable coaching prospects in the next few years.

I feel like if we got Bieniemy, we would win a Super Bowl within 4 years of him taking over."
"What the hell? We have a defense plagued by injuries and a terrible oline, so yall wanna toss the Taylor out after essentially only ONE YEAR with his own team???? Y’all fools starting to sound like Cleveland! Chill tf out! We’re missing 2 of our top 3 corners, and our star DT’s played only a few snaps together cuz of injuries. The offense’s only problem is the oline. Give the man a little fuckin time. He’s had 5 games with a team he put together. And because they’ve only won 1 game and nearly won 3 others it’s time for him to go? Smh"
If I had to go with a nfl guy I would do eric bieniemy. But if I were to go to college for one I would want to try Luke fickell. He’s experienced and he seems to know what he’s doing with Cincinnati.
It's going to be Bill O'Brien and none of us should fool ourselves thinking otherwise
"/Rant

Look... I get it... COVID has the NFL ticket sales hard...

But $121 a ticket for basically the back row of a team that is 3-16-1??

I was stoked at the possibly to get tickets and expected to pay maybe $70, but damn were my expectations way off. 

I pay $121 for row 5 in the end zone, not nose bleeds... That's almost insulting.

So, for those of you who got 'em, congrats! You're a bigger fan than I am I reckon! 😂

/Endrant"
Supply and Demand...
"Love how as a season ticket holder, they “sold-out” during my presale, but now have tickets 3x the cost available to the public. Fuck this organization"
I'm not giving this team any of my money until they can show me they are interested in the quality of the product they're putting on the field.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jaeenb)"
"Never, and I mean never, thought I'd root for the cowboys... but we dem boys now!! Lfg Andy"
I wasn't before this but I am now. I always thought Dalton was a great person. Would love to see him do well.
Cowboys fan here. We’ll take good care of him. Rooting for you guys!!! :D
for sure rooting for andy
"I’m rooting for the Red Rocket, yes.

EDIT: Red RIFLE. I apologize, my sweet ginger prince. 2020 has obviously scrambled me marbles."
"If the games are at different time slots I will be watching both games Bengals and Cowboys.  

When the season is over I would like to see the Bengals primed for sucess in 2021 (this is a tall task especially now that the team has so many injuries) and Andy winning a playoff game."
Watching Dalton win a playoff game this year would be the greatest!
"I'll cheer for Andy but I dont like the nfc east in general.  Sick of watching mediocre giants vs cowboys in primetime or ""game of the week"" time slots cause they're large market teams.  Seems like it's always a week 17 game with 2 of those teams playing to reach 500 and win the division"
I'm not ever rooting for the cowboys but I do hope andy finds some success.
"I hate the Cowboys, but the rest of the NFC East teams are trash. I won't be too jealous if the Red Rifle gets his first playoff win with them."
"Wife & in-laws are big Cowboys fans, so they were already my NFC team. Andy being there is just the gravy on top"
Dems da rules
"I voted yes, but I won’t be rooting for the cowboys; I’ll be rooting for Andy Dalton."
"Lookout everyone, it could be Fitzmagic vs the Red Rifle for the Super Bowl! /s"
"Honest you guys are thr only other team I've made sure to check out this season. Not sure why. But here we are.

Who dey!"
Thanks guys. I'd be rooting for whatever team Romo ended up at if he didn't retire.
One team. One nation.
"Looking forward to the Burrow/Dalton showdown on 12/13! In the meantime, light it up Who Dey Nation!"
I will never cheer for the Cowboys
Fuck no.
Can anyone confirm if tailgating is still a thing at Longworth? Sorry if this has been asked.. and yes I did use the search bar.
"I'm going to assume a big no due to COVID...

You can't tailgate at Bengals lots at all, but Longworth is privately owned and COULD let it happen... But I don't see them wanting to be liable."
It’s open. There was a decent crowd there on 10/4 considering only 6k fans were allowed in the stadium
if ur talking about the Mt Adams bar I thought that closed years ago
"I've been seeing so many people saying one is better than the other and its exhausting lol. I love both but am so glad we have our guy. Herbert is on a better team and so happens to be great, but I don't second guess and think that we should have gotten Herbert.

&#x200B;

Who Dey"
They’ll be compared every year for the rest of their careers.
Anyone making sweeping assumptions off a 5 game sample size shouldn't be worth anyone's attention
"I mean, idc about the comparisons if the assumption is already that Joe Burrow is a good quarterback lol"
"I hope they both end up with great careers. Regardless, Burrow was the right choice."
"It's a valid comparison. To be honest, Burrow has been pretty bad at the deep ball."
Herbert makes flashy plays but also makes a lot of mistakes.
"Tua, Burrow, and Herbert will always be compared. Just how it works."
Just wait til Tua starts playing
The only thing I've seen Herbert be able to do so far is hit a deep bomb to a wide open first read. Besides that he looks mediocre to me but I'm open to having my mind changed.
Yes and it's hurting my feelings
Herbert has been pressured just as much as Joe and still is finding wide open wide receivers. I'd say this is a scheme and play calling issue since our WRs aren't really getting open.
"Herbert has an OL and not a dipshit coach.

Without question Burrow is still the man."
"I love both since I am a Ducks fan, but god damn I don’t want Herbert to steal OROY from our boy 😔"
[deleted]
"I’ve watched both and Burrow is better, but he’s on the Bengals. If Herbert and Burrow’s situations were switched their wouldn’t be a debate."
""
Still might be giving him too much credit comparing him to a pylon.
"As bad as Hart is, anyone that has played RG has been worse"
At least a pylon would force the rusher to go around.  Bobby moves out of the way so they can get a straight shot.
At least Pylon doesn't do holding penalties.
"Shut it all down and let us get the same draft position please. Then just draft every O line player in the draft, we won't even be mad at you."
"No offense but Bobby Hart wasn’t the reason for the past 2 games. 

The left side and interior were getting blown the fuck up.


Left guard was absolute trash in that Baltimore game."
Pylon? I have seen stiff breezes stronger than Bobby Hart.
This is a disgrace to the pylon community.
I wish Mike Brown would stop sucking Bobby Hart's dick
"If it's true, is it a roast?"
Joe held on for two long for both fumbles.  There is blame on every level of the offense for the Ravens disaster if you ask me.
Pylon would never move before the snap.
"Bobby hart would make an excellent matador, bulls wouldn't have a chance he's so skilled in getting out of a rushers way"
"If both guards were actually playing at a high level, Bobby probably would be an average NFL tackle. Andre Smith was average at RT when we had Whitworth, Bowling and Zeitler but he was absolute shit with this group of lineman. Get good to elite guards and the Oline is probably fixed"
"You may be right, but the videos I’ve seen, probably 15-20 plays have been Hart getting owned from the right of him and from the left (where the guard would be). Maybe I haven’t seen the clips you’ve seen."
That's offensive to pylons. At least pylons can stay upright most of the time.
"Calling him a pylon is too gracious, at least a pylon gets in the way once in a while.

I have dubbed Bobby Hart, ""The Matador""  \`ole!"
Hey! Nobody can talk bad about Bobby Hart but us.
"IS Williams actually ""promising""? 
Not sure I agree with that either. At this point I think all 5 are garbage. Maybe Williams is ok at LG or something. But I dont know if hes the LT of our future."
"Since Dak's injury I've seen a relentless amount of memes and media about signing his replacement. People are writing off the Cowboy's season, even with their extremely easy path to the playoffs.

People are severely underestimating Dalton. Dalton is an above average QB and has been his entire career.  Just because Dalton isn't a superstar people write him off as ineffective. Fact is he is 9-year starter, 3x Pro Bowler, and is stepping into an offense that has weapons ready to go off.

I will never cheer for the Cowboys, but I am cheering for Dalton. I think he is about to light it up. He has an O-Line for the first time since his last pro bowl season in 2016. He will turn the cowboys season around and people are acting like he is now the weak spot of the team. IMO Dalton and Dak are at the same level, Dak just has the benefit of a large market team.

Pick him up in your fantasy league, he is going to amaze. The red rifle is going to be a gunslinger in Dallas."
"Dalton won't be the problem, that defense will be."
"I’m not saying Dalton is going to win the Cowboys a Super Bowl this year, but they’re going to remain at competent and I could see them earning at least a Wild Card spot.

And unless Philly has some mid-season resurgence, the Cowboys could easily win their division with Andy at the helm."
Dak is way better than Andy but the rest of this take is fine. I think the defense holds them back same as other posters here.
"Dallas is always on prime time, luckily Dalton always shines the brightest in those games."
As much as I love Andy I'm not sure he can put up 40 points every week to overcome that t r a s h defense
"I would really really enjoy it if Andy Dalton would a Superbowl this year with the cowboys.

I would really really enjoy that. I'm 100% believer that our record last year was not Andy's fault."
He does not have an O-Line. It's been riddled by injuries all year. Martin is the only regular in there right now.
About this?
I agree with you about not rooting for Dallas
"Look, I like Dalton and wish him the best. But the Cowboys were hanging 40+ points up regularly and still losing. That's not something Dalton is going to be able to overcome.

edit: changed last word to make more sense."
Dalton will probably have good stats and a trash record.  That defense won't be doing him any favors.
The cowboys are going to still lose a lot of games but uts mostly because their defense couldnt stop an elementary school offense
Dude he sucks as a starter. Only reason he was a starter for so long is because he was with the bengals
"\>   Since Dak's injury I've seen a relentless amount of memes and media about signing his replacement. People are writing off the Cowboy's season, even with their extremely easy path to the playoffs. 

The cowboys wrote off their own season with their shitty defense. They have one of the worst defensive squads in the league. Dalton has about as much power influencing their season as Dak's ankle strength. They're going to hand off the ball to Zeke 30 times again and cringe every time dalton rears back to blast a pass into the outstretched arms of the defensive lines as if they don't exist.

He sucks. Boy am I glad he's gone."
"look i hated having andy as our starter, i even made anti dalton shirts and sold them. But Andy is the perfect Back up. I would love to have him as the guy that comes in when our star QB gets hurt, hes like foles. Not as a starter or franchise qb tho. He is what he is, the perfect backup QB."
"Honestly, I’d be perfectly fine with gutting the whole thing. Maybe reactionary, but what promise have we really seen? It feels like Taylor is losing respect with the vets... if the Bengals don’t win another one this year (possible) there’s no way he’s keeping the locker room or Burrow.

With Burrow, I think the Bengals really have a shot of recruiting a top coaching candidate.

I don’t want to turn into the Browns with their constant coaching changes but I also don’t want to be stuck for years with a rookie coach who didn’t really earn his spot. 

Gut the coaches, start trading vets (Dunlap), and actually lean hard into a rebuild."
"Unless those coaches bring an nfl caliber O line with then I don’t see this changing anything. 

We’re 5 games into ZT’s second season after inheriting one of (if not, the) worst teams in the NFL. Not saying he’s been amazing but damn let’s give him a chance. 

But to answer your question, considering how many chances Marvin got I’d say the odds are slim. At least for now."
"If anything at all happens, it’s gonna happen at the end of the season.


If you’re expecting something midseason, you’re gonna be disappointed."
"Bengals need to commit to a rebuild, they can't skirt around the issue anymore. This coaching staff isn't taking us to the promised land, so its time to move while we have Burrow on his rookie contract"
"Same shit, different day. Make a real difference and give Zac GM responsibilities."
Hello my dear Bengals fans I don’t know about you guys but I am tired of the status quo nothing will get done with this coaching staff the regulars 3-17-1 we have to make our voices heard and start a hash tag trending on twitter keep it going #firejimturner #firezactaylor
"Tough to evaluate his offense with this Oline. He probably gets one more year. Get rid of Jim Turner, let go of AJ and Dunlap, make a trade to sell John Ross for peanuts, trade Gio for a 4th round pick, make sure you lock down WJ3 and Lawson.

Commit to fixing the Oline this offseason and making it a strength for next year. You can evaluate Zac Taylor properly off of one year next year, once he has an appropriate OLine.

If we end up with a top 5 pick, I’d let him go. If he finishes in the 8-12 range, I’d let him stay another year."
Zac Taylor will refuse to fire Jim Turner Because he is his In law. Zac Taylor has never had a winning season as a head coach. When he was with the Rams he was a quarterback coach and Jared Goff is not anything special. If we keep the staff Joe burrows career will go down the drain or We will watch devastating injury will happen. He’s the most hit quarterback in the league.
[deleted]
If you’re going to troll at least be good at it.
"Classy fan.  Hope you'd be as confident if the tables were turned.  Bet you wouldn't be.  If my team just destroyed yours and I saw a Bengals fan posting this type of thing in the Ravens sub I would be embarrassed.

Also this makes zero sense."
"Hey Hollywood, your team didn't look all that great honestly. They beat a team that has a rookie QB. Yet your mvp had 3 yards rushing, under 200 yards throwing, and no rusher over 50 yds... Nice work hero."
"Meh. ""A"" for effort I guess..."
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I mean that would be great. But unfortunately Sean Payton isn’t O’Brien. Also, That team is playing for a SB. Wouldn’t be smart to trade a great player for a draft pick"
"Lol, keep dreaming 😂.

Any saints Fan would be offended.

Drunk is definitely an appropriate tag."
Aj Green and a 2nd and 4th bet
So Burrow can have -3 seconds to throw to a diva? Nah I think I'm good
Separation doesn't mean shit without an offensive line.
What should we be looking at/ expecting out of our guys next week? Players/moves to pay attention to? Expect to win or lose?
I hope Burrow doesn’t get hurt.
"Our defense needs to keep us in this game, rattle Rivers and he should throw some questionable balls."
"Lose, and probably a pretty ugly loss as well. We probably won't make any player changes, and the o line will still be the same o line, and the colts defense is stacked so...."
The Colts have one of the best defenses in the NFL. I'm worried we're going to look as bad as we did against the Ravens.
I think I may set a record for most bourbon consumed in a three hour period
IDGAF if we lose I just need to see that Burrow isn't regressing under our fucking garbage regime if he can bounce back and make good decisions and score some points that's all I need for the rest of the year even if we don't win again I just need hope for the future I didn't give a second thought to the notion of us ruining him but then last weekend happened
"As an owner of the Colts D in fantasy, very scared... 

We can all pray to the football gods that Burrow survives another week of getting nailed."
I think we need a defensive/special teams score to win this one. The Colts have a great defense and will probably feast on our Offensive line all game. I don't expect a big day from Mixon based on their front 7 but could see Burrow make a couple plays down field to get us some points. I just don't see our offense punching it into the endzone more than once in this came. Best case scenario is a 20-17 type of win.
"I think next year we have a much better chance at a W!

:)"
I just hope AJ Green returns to form and has a good game.
Consistency across the roster
"At this point I have no reason to believe we will win another game this season. We’ve lost too many key guys on our defense, and I don’t even need to speak about our offensive woes. It’s common knowledge by now. We’ll be lucky to pull out one or two more wins. The Colts aren’t a team I think we can beat right now."
"I'm chalking this one up as a loss. The colts have a good defense, and their O-line is one of the best in the league. I think Rivers will play well against our defense if we can't get pressure."
"The Colts will be thoroughly pissed coming off of that loss to the Browns. 

So we have that going for us."
i think upset city is coming - burrow comes back for 300 yds and 2 tuddies! Mixon runs for 110 yards and a tuddy.
"I think we only win one more, against the jets, and thats it. Expect losses throughout the column."
""
Comparing them is so fucking stupid right now
"https://imgur.com/a/eF7RUjq
That’s the link op posted for the stats with Herbert top and Burrow bottom. Not sure what the criteria are for these but it has Burrow with 10 “hits”...maybe from just the ravens game lol"
"I have a hard time believing this having watched both play.

However, it’s important to note that teams can reach Burrow by rushing 4... whereas teams are sending the house on Herbie and he’s been excellent."
"Chargers are 8th in rushing.

Bengals are 23rd. 

There are many factors that go in Herberts favor. Burrow has next to no rushing attack to set up the pass. Chargers have a better coaching staff."
"What does that tell you?! ZT’s playcalling is terrible. Its like he doesnt realize how bad the O-line is and runs long developing plays. And he needs to run mixon north and south, not these damn pitches - the o-line is not good enough for that. Im convinced the bengals cannot win under Zac Taylor."
"I know I'm on the wrong sub to say this but herbert right now looks better then burrow he does everything burrow does, but with more athleticism, escapes the pocket, and has a better deep ball.

But that's the thing herbert is in a much better organization, which will help him begin to succeed quickly. Burrow is gonna have a rough couple of years compared to him simply due to that."
""
Shoulda named him/her Purreaux
Kinda looks like a Dalton
Animal cruelty if you make him watch this offensive line.
We need more cat content in here
That cat is beautiful
"He's a cutie!  As the owner of a 14 year old cat named Carson, I approve.  Lets just hope Joe has a career with the Bengals as long or longer than a cat's life span..."
our lil JoJo Purrow says welcome to the bengals Kitten family! [JoJo](https://www.instagram.com/p/CF90iKbhV33/?igshid=oewaepoawk6a)
Can he block?
That poor cat.
[deleted]
I’d rather an offensive line
Is depression a color
Tigers don't have any more colors my dude.
I’ll stop wearing black when they make a darker color.
Nope. Our colors are perfect. I want the tiger head or leaping tiger back as the logo way more than I want another color.
Hot brown
"We have the worst team in the division and you want more colors? This aint a coloring book, pal!"
grey
"Pink, because it’s the only color no team uses"
I'd actually like to see a shade of green added
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jas2mv)"
Raisin Boy?
He'd be great with AJ on the bench.
"Has he or anyone else reputable commented on the whole ""lip reading"" scene from this weekend? I haven't really seen anything."
"No locker room interviews this year and media obligations outside of Taylor and Burrow.


You won’t hear a peep."
Someone tweeted the video and another user tweeted back that he was deaf and that he literally reads lips for a living and that AJ said exactly what it looks like he said.
"According to AJ, he wants to stay. https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2020/10/15/a-j-green-frustrated-doesnt-want-to-be-traded/"
WHY have we not grabbed this man?
"He’s from Cincinnati too, perfect fit"
"I’ve been wanting him since SuaFilo went down. He has experience at RG and LG. On paper he seems like a perfect signing. I’m guessing there’s a reason, but I don’t get it personally"
At this point not sure why you wouldn’t bring in some other person to try out. This guy seems as good as any.
I’ve been saying this since he left Minnesota. I can only assume their is a reason he’s still available.
Didn't you hear? The O line is fine.
"I think Kline wanted a pretty large payday compared to output, but hell, we're giving AJ 18 million and Hart like 8 million, so I say pay the man. He'd instantly be a starter we can use for the next 3-4 years and would make the line much better."
"On the other end of this, he has to want to come here, too. Always the possibility he could be holding out for a contender."
"Welcome to Meet Then Enemy, /r/bengals Q&A Thread for each matchup.  
We figured the fans on each team's sub more about their team, so why don't we ask each other?  

This week we're inviting the fans over at /r/colts   for some friendly Q&A. 
Colts fans, help yourself to some flair on the sidebar!  

*No trash talk or flamebaiting allowed, this is a civil thread.*"
"So, Philip Rivers.... what % of your fan base has completely lost faith?"
AJ Green for Quentin Nelson who says no?
"We should start a GoFundMe to kick Baltimore out of the AFC North and bring you guys in.


It just makes more sense."
Colts fans.  I've heard your defense is good.   How effective is your pass rush?  How fucked is Joe Borrow?
"Bengals Fan,

&#x200B;

Please protect and take care of your young promising QB.

&#x200B;

Sincerely,

Colts Fan"
Larosas is the bomb
"Colts and LSU fan here, why is Burrow getting hit so much? I'd imagine the O-line is not great, but is Burrow holding onto the ball for too long or not adjusting his protection at the line?"
So when you guys got nelson did you guys think he would be the best guard in the league?
"Bengals fans, how good is your pass defense this season?  William Jackson may get 3+ INTs if Rivers plays like he did last game.  Our saving grace right now is our defense overall, but we still need the offense to step up and do its part, and that starts with Rivers.  We can run the ball well, but it seems like the moment we get a groove going, the gameplan switches up and the weight is put on Rivers to make plays, which he hasn't been doing.  Overall though, I am curious to see how our secondary matches up against your 4 WR1s."
"Can we have Joe Burrow?  Please.  We are paying a combined $46,375,000 for Philip Rivers and Jacoby Brissett this year to be our QB1 and QB2.  I just threw up in my mouth typing that."
"Bengals fans

Tf is going on with AJ Green? Should I drop him in fantasy?"
How has Jacob Eason looked as far as being the one to take over the reins after the Rivers experiment fails miserably?
Colts fan. How are your rookies (other than Burrow) looking so far?
Bengals lose 45-3
God you guys are going to destroy Burrow and make me want to die can we just surrender and skip to the week after the Steelers please thanks
PIP still has it I don't care what anyone says. His TD/INT ratio may be off to a rough start but that 70% completion rate is something to appreciate if you are a Colts fan.
[deleted]
It sucks thinking about the draft this early again. :(
If they take anything other than an OT I’m rioting.
"Good write up. Btw, you have Jonah Williams listed as Jonah Jackson.

I’d love to grab the 2nd best OT, get Parsons or trade back. I’d be happy with Rousseau or one of the top Corners as well and then double up on OL in rounds 2-3. I don’t want a WR unless we trade back dramatically and someone like Moore falls to us in the mid 20s (in which case we probably get a 1st next year and another day 2 pick this year to use on an OL)."
The best organizations take the best available as opposed to filling needs.
I think we absolutely have to draft an offensive lineman first in the draft. Even if that means trading down to get the right value if we miss on the top guy or two.
Waddle baby waddle baby waddle baby waddle.
"OT

LB

WR

and to be honest, I'd be ok with tanking the season to get a top 3 pick. There is no reason to go 8-8 or 7-9. It is a perfect season to tank with covid."
"Great write up.  I want to go with BPA among three positions - OT, WR, rush DE.  For WR - we need someone to stretch the field and this spot, should be someone a little bigger too.  For DE, it has got to be someone who can put immediate pressure on the QB.  

I could be persuaded to go for a top G or DT if they are an absolute stud, but I also think we should be able to pick up a serviceable G in free agency.  We've spent a lot of money on DT with Daniels and Reader to pair with Atkins and even though they're hurt, I'm ok with our DT depth, especially with Wren and Tutupo coming back in '21."
"Watched Rondale Moore a bunch up in Purdue, he sure is fun to watch. Simply electrifying anytime he's on the field. Would be great to see him in the slot. But our O-Line needs to take priority."
"Purdue fan here, feel free to ask me anything about Rondale Moore. He is a special talent, but it remains to be seen how he recovers from the hamstring injury. Incredibly strong WR at his size."
"I’d support a trade up for Sewell, he looks that good."
"If we aren’t in a position to draft Sewell I’d say it it would be worth it to trade up to that position to nab him as well, I don’t care what the haul would be we need O line and Sewell would be transformative for our O line"
"Sam Cosmi from Texas could be a good RT. Wyatt Davis is the top OG in this class I believe. Creed Humphrey is another top guard/center. 

If we take one of the top olinemen in the first, I think another WR in the second would be ideal. And if we take Parsons or Chase in the first, maybe we'll get lucky and have an olinemen fall to us in the second."
I wouldn't be mad at Wyatt Davis or Cosmi in the first either.
As everyone that told me last year. You take the best available player. So trevor here we come!
"If we're not able to land Sewell, I would want Jaylen Waddle the absolute most. 

The biggest problem with the team other than the OL play, in my opinion, is the inability to stretch the field. Jaylen Waddle would do that. Also, this team frequently plays with 4 WRs on the field. Boyd and Higgins are a good start to that group. I would even throw Tate in there as being okay. But Ross and Green are not going to be on the team next year, so there will be a hole there provided we don't fill it in free agency. Choosing between Chase and Waddle is almost a toss up for me, I just value the athleticism and creativeness you could use Waddle with."
"Don't see us being bottom 4 which we will need to be to have a shot at Sewell unfortunately. I think we land in the 6-9 range based on playing the Giants and Football Team alone. 

As long as Sewell is still available I say we stay put. If he falls to us, incredible. If not, we trade back a couple spots and pick up and extra 3rd rounder and go for Davis/Humphrey/Leatherwood. 

I would also not be upset if we took a premier edge rusher first in a trade back scenario here so long as it means we secure another 2nd or 3rd rounder in the draft. This is a deep draft for OT but very week at EDGE in my opinion. Getting a guy like Rousseau would be great value with the ability to go tackle or guard in round 2."
I'd honestly prefer to pick up a good OL FA and then draft another OL in top two rounds - either one of which could slot in at guard
"BPA at each line. If no player at those positions are worthy of the pick, trade down and accumulate capital. Rinse and repeat for rounds 1-4."
"I think the perfect scenario would be to sign a quality free agent on the line such as a guard or a tackle and then get a guy like Sewell, We really need a speedy guy on the outside, many of us want to blame the line for our problems tryna get the big plays, but really we need a speed guy, we objectively have one of the slowest wide receiver cores with an average speed of 4.6, aka no ones getting any separation. 

I know a lot of us would be riot if we didn’t take a tackle in the first round, but if were not in the position to take one, I think Chase is the obvious answer. Chase would change the offense. If we can’t get Chase I’d love a Terrance Marshall or a Rondale Moore.

If we do take Sewell in the first round, I’d look at Elijah Moore, WR from Ole Miss. He’s been electric and can be what we need on offense."
"Why exclude QBs, with our O-line, our QBs are yearly consumables, may as well draft one every year...

&#x200B;

/s"
"I have a plan: draft nothing but offensive linemen and the ones that don’t pan out, convert to defensive linemen. Nothing could go wrong with this strategy"
Sewell is just nasty.  He’s the guy I’m hoping for.
"We’re in a window with Burrow on a rookie deal. OL has the longest transition period from college to NFL with you not really knowing how good the pick was until about 3 years removed from the draft. If we are going to capitalize on the talent this roster has we don’t have 3 years to wait. Draft Jamar Chase getting instant impact and speed on the field. Fix OL in free agency, guys will be excited to come play with Joe. We’ll have cap space with Green, Ross, and possibly Gio off the books. Rounds 2-4 look to find some pass rushers and OL to develop behind the free agents we bring in"
I'm feeling Sewell Leatherwood or pass rusher if they've been drafted already
I’m still broken from a fast receiver so please not rondale
Jesus can we just enjoy our draft picks from 2020? FFS
"It seems to me like this year has teams tanking harder than they have in a while, we’d have 11 teams ahead of us right now in the draft"
"Unless we end up at 3 and have a shot at Sewell (which we probably won't) I don't see any instant starters here that would significantly change the Bengals chances of getting to a championship game. 

If we end up in the Top-10 I think we'd be best to trade back and take whoever is left of Sam Cosmi or Jalen Mayfield. They both have RT experience and would be instant upgrades over Hart in every aspect. 

Use the extra 2nd day picks to add elsewhere on the line, defense, or just best available."
Who cares. The Bengals will continue to suck with Zac as head coach & Mike as owner.
[deleted]
"My fear is that Bobby Hart is the best option right now. Yeah he sucks, but who do we have that can do better?"
"To be fair what they see in him is probably 2 things:

1. We have no one better to replace him
2. He is, surprisingly, pff's 10th best run blocking tackle so far this year. He's just ass at pass protection.

Its funny because for how much our o line coach loves him he can't seem to coach up his big weakness."
We don’t have a better right tackle.
Bobby Hart has nude pics of Jim Turner and Zac Taylor.
"The Bobby Hart hate is just a meme at this point, he's not even been that bad this year. Doubly so when you look at how awful both guard spots have been. 

Our OL with Su'a-filo at RG would just be a LG away from being decent enough to have a functional offense."
"Do we actually have another option? His play has been pretty average. OT kind of get singled out a lot, but he has been pretty good at the run block. He gets exposed during the pass block, and has looked terrible against edge rushers.

He could improve his game a bit by taking on the second level blocks. To me it looks like he does a pretty good job on getting his guy, but does not help the guard with a chip block, and he does not do a good job looking for blocks to make downfield on the run play.

I think, for him it comes down to effort, which can and should be followed up on/corrected by coaching staff."
There are few things that’ll make me stop rooting for any team of mine but if Joe Burrow becomes the next David Carr you bet your ass I will hate this team forever
"Hot take, I no longer want to bench Bobby hart after seeing what Fred Johnson did at guard a few weeks ago"
"He's a very good run blocker. I'd be interested to see if we pick an OT in the 1st and move him to G, if maybe that could be a good fit. That's basically 2 new starters with one pick if it worked out"
I’m sick of seeing these posts. He’s bad but he’s our best option. Give it a rest.
"It’s not even about Bobby Hart. It’s about this organization’s absolute destruction of the O-line over the last 4 seasons. They do not prioritize it even as the positions have become even more of a premium. Paul Brown’s first pick was a center, yet we watched Bodine get blown up for 4 years and thought it couldn’t get worse. Why would we franchise AJ knowing we were picking first and it’s a heavy WR draft and we have a crap line? Why focus on defense when we should build out from the center - BURROW! It’s not radical thinking or hindsight. It’s obvious shit that the Brown family is just inept at.

You can find a good WR all through the draft AND free agency every year. Not true of o-lineman. It’s been this way for a decade. The FO/Brown family sucks. They are always so behind what 90% of the league is doing. And they have weird selective loyalties that make no sense. 

And yeah if they destroy Burrow I’m done."
Can someone please make a gif of Bobby Hart as Neo dodging all of the bullets named as the pass rushers he has faced this season. Thank you in advance.
I saw a video with Joe mixon on the bengals YT. And they asked Joe “who is the biggest hype man?” And “who is the biggest gym junkie?” And Mixon answered Bobby Hart for both answers... his play STINKS but it seems like he is a great presence in the locker room and has to have a good work ethic that the coaches seem to like.
Holy fuck.  He’s all we got.  How many times do we have to beat this horse?
START FRED JOHNSON AT Tackle wtf is wrong with them
"I understand the sentiment on this subreddit about Hart, but he isn't even in our top 3 worst linemen unfortunately... we just don't have any better options"
"My bet is it is Jim Turner, and that it has to do with politics/personalities that mesh. This might be total speculation but Turner has this 'be a tough guy and you don't need smarts' attitude that might line up with Hart's anti-vaxxer weird right wingish views. I have no proof but it does sort of fit."
Hart is terrible but this is not the only hole in this OLine. Gotta fix the guard positions as well otherwise interior defensive linemen will continue to feast.
Just a dumb meme all around. The team has no one better to fill the spot and why would a coach make a move just because the fans want it?
"Am I the only one who thinks that while Bobby Hart hasn’t been great, the need at right guard is substantially greater than at right tackle?"
I’m guessing he sees his backup in practice. This situation sucks.
"Hes not that bad, look for the scapegoat elsewhere *coughs in fred johnson*"
Honest question: When has Jim Turner ever coached a GOOD offensive line?
At this point I'm convinced Bobby is the best option at the position; that we have right now. But I think he has a lot more potential than he's living up to; to which I mostly blame the coach.
"Let’s just admit Taylor isn’t a good coach, and he’s a problem for the team. At least Lewis always surrounded himself with talented coordinators and was critical of players- Taylor sucks"
He sees that big fucking contract he gave him. What is he thinkinggg!!??
""
"Good to know we're doing something I guess. Of the three, I find McSwain the most intriguing."
"Man why do I come here. We need to look at DT depth due to the injuries and the comments on this and every thread are half ""but the o line"" comments. We know the o line is a problem. it's not the only problem.

It's not even worth it."
Can any of them play RT?
None of them can protect Burrow....
"The name's Christmas. DeMarcus ""Lloyd"" Christmas."
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jb8ifq)"
You went back on your word! 😤
""
"When you look at a picture like this, you just see greatness. Everyone knew he’d be a playoff caliber quarterback in the NFL"
That’s a great Rare Dalton
Joey B wishes he was this pretty.
[deleted]
"Check out this episode as the crew interviews Commissioner Yas to discuss the Bo Jackson Curse, how Chad Johnson got her Bengals Fandom started, and a look ahead towards the Colts!"
""
"The crew from Bengals Brawl Podcast sits down with Commissioner Yas for a discussion on how Chad Johnson got her Bengals Fandom started, the Bo Jackson curse, and her wedding plans - plus a look at the Colts!"
"The first thought that goes through every Bengals fan's mind when we see a sack is something along the lines of ""I can't believe our offensive line gave up another sack!"" and while this is a little bit antiquated it still has some validity. Some fans do realize that the result of a sack typically has multiple sources of blame and cause, but the general idea is that the offensive line needed to prevent that player from getting a sack. So how did our offensive line give up so many sacks? Were they all the complete fault of the offensive line? What did the Ravens and Wink Martindale do that lead to all of those unblocked defenders? Follow along as I go through each sack and have a small breakdown on what the defense did and how our offense planned to excecute and then failed.

[Sack number 1](https://streamable.com/19t5tg): This is a 3rd and 5 situation. We are in empty 3x2 which means we only really have the 5 guys on the OL to block for Burrow, but look how many defenders are on the line of scrimmage! There are 7 guys on the line and only 3 that are not an immediate threat for a pressure or blitz. 6 guys are in a 2 point stance and only 2 have a hand in the dirt, but on the snap they actually only rush 4 guys. This is really just cover 1 (A single middle of the field safety in a deep zone with man coverage underneath) with a rat or hole defender (shallow middle of the field defender to help on crossing routes). We are running a mesh concept which is actually a good concept to beat cover 1, but Jonah gets beat to the outside by Pernell McPhee who is originally Michael Jordan's ""man"" causing Burrow to have to step up. That's typically a good move, but Matthew Judon slants all the way from outside of Hart to inside of Alex Redmond and disengages from him for a pressure right down the middle. Jimmy Smith is on the blitz from the outside and cleans up what Judon could not finish. If you want to assign blame I would put this 30% on Jonah and 70% on Redmond, but really it is a great call by Martindale to beat our empty look.

This is the essence of [simulated pressure](https://matchquarters.com/2019/03/01/simulated-pressures-from-a-positionless-defense/). A quick explanation of simulated pressure is broken down into three parts. 1) Bluff a blitz of 6 or 7 guys to force the offensive line to prepare for pressure. 2) Only bring at least one rusher that is not a traditional pass rusher (linebacker, corner, or safety) 3) Drop a traditional pass rusher into the coverage so you only rush 4. 4) Play a typical man to man coverage such as cover 1. You can see on this play Jimmy Smith (22) is on the blitz from Bobby Hart's side and to keep 7 in coverage they drop Tyus Bowser (54) who is originally Jonah's man in the protection.

[Sack number 2](https://streamable.com/uxivhq): This is a 3rd and 7 situation. We come out into a split shotgun look with Sample and Gio in the backfield to protect against the 7 possible threats the defense could bring. They only bring 4, but it's another simulated pressure. They drop both Bowser and McPhee into coverage and  bring Queen and Clark on a blitz. This effectively makes Jonah useless on the play, because every pass rusher comes from the offenses right side. This means that both Drew Sample and Giovanni Bernard are in 1 on 1 pass pro situations. This is what the defense wanted to cause, but we actually pick it up really well. The problem is that our receivers in the route got absolutely clamped, so Joe has nowhere to throw the ball and tries to extend the play. This allows the defense enough time to eventually beat our RB and TE and get the sack and fumble. While the WRs are not open we need Burrow here to feel the pressure and either get rid of the ball or start scrambling. This sack is not on the OL.

[Sack number 3](https://streamable.com/khlrzl): This is 1st and 17 (don't ask) and we come out in empty. The Ravens do not run a simulated pressure here this is just 4 on our 5. Bobby Hart loses to Pernell McPhee on the outside rip and Alex Redmond gets bullrushed back to Burrow so he can't step up. This is what you've been waiting for, this is on Bobby Hart (and Alex Redmond). On a side note look how nice Jonah looks against Matthew Judon.

[Sack Number 4](https://streamable.com/86hxk0): Here we are looking at 3rd and 6. We are in a more traditional shotgun look with Mixon next to Burrow. The Ravens actually bring 5 here instead of the 4, but still drop some traditional rushers into coverage and bring non-traditional pass rushers. This is pretty much a simulated pressure in my opinion and they bring the perfect guys to get a man free against our protection, but they still have a majority of their players in coverage. Our RT, RG, and C are occupied and I think this sack is actually on Joe Mixon, but an argument could be made it's on Burrow and Hopkins for not setting the correct protection. Mixon checks the A gaps, but doesn't see the free rusher coming through the B gap and releases into the route. Mixon has improved in pass pro, but this was a lapse.

[Sack Number 5](https://streamable.com/j0h2rl): 2nd and 4 and the Ravens bring the HOUSE while playing a 2 deep zone. We are running an under center play action. This is not a simulated pressure this is a more traditional ""fire"" type blitz (bring non-traditional pass rushers while NOT dropping traditional pass rushers"". We have max protection and while the protection isn't perfect Burrow steps up and buys time. Despite Mike Thomas being somewhat open on the dig route. Burrow is locked onto Higgins once he stepped up he should have thrown it to Thomas, but he does not see him. I'm placing the blame here on Burrow. You have to get rid of the ball against the blitz here.

[Sack Number 6](https://streamable.com/6lw75i): 1st and 10 and the Ravens bring another house blitz with single high man underneath. We run under center play action and max protect (wait didn't we just do this). Again we have a more traditional blitz here and not a simulated pressure. We pick up this pressure pretty well again. Baltimore needs to bring the house sometimes, because it makes their simulated pressure more effective. This way when they bluff you don't know if it's real or not. On this play the WRs are clamped again, but Mixon is wide open on the check down. Burrow tries to hold on until he can make a deep pass, but ends up getting sacked. This is another sack that's really on Burrow. Beat the blitz by getting the ball out quicker and let Mixon work in space.

[Sack Number 7](https://streamable.com/6lw75i): 2nd and 17 right after the last sack. The Ravens bring Humphrey on a fire blitz here. We have Mixon in for protection here, but for the pressure he is on the wrong side. Burrow and/or Hopkins (I'm not sure who would have final say in a protection slide) miss the late safety rotation that indicates a possible blitz. Instead of sliding towards Humphrey they block this like a traditional 4 man rush. The slants from the DL on the left side occupy our LT, LG, and C, so they cannot pick up the CB blitz. I'm not 100% sure who to blame here, but I think it would be on the presnap protection setting. Really it's just a fantastic blitz from Martindale to place a ton of threats on the right side, but bring the blitz to the left side. He does this while finding a way to occupy our left side blockers as well.

Overall out of 7 sacks the Ravens got us on a traditional blitz on 3 of those, a simulated pressure on 3 and a traditional 4 man rush on 1. This shows the confusion they caused our offensive line and doesn't even count other plays Burrow got hit, but not sacked. Steven Ruiz also pointed out that our 3rd down empty and under center play action plays have a pressure rate near 30% each which is insanely high compared to the league. You can see that Burrow was sacked on 4 such plays out of 7, so maybe we should limit those a little bit in obvious passing downs. 

I hope you enjoy the breakdown and if you have anything else you want me to breakdown, have any questions, and/or want more information on anything feel free to ask! You can find more of my analysis at [http://www.twitter.com/Bengals\_Sans](http://www.twitter.com/Bengals_Sans) and [http://www.instagram.com/bengals\_sans](http://www.instagram.com/bengals_sans)"
Great work and breakdown
"Awesome work here. Kind of confirmed that while the OL is plenty to blame, Burrow is just trying to do too much and play hero ball. I am sure he will learn from this and understand as time goes on, you can't do that in the NFL every play like you could in college."
Really good breakdown! I enjoyed this
Thanks for putting in the work for this!
"Great! During the game by sacks 4-7 I was screaming at Burrow to just throw the ball! I know our line sucks, but when two defenders rush by you on either side you have to understand at max , you have a couple seconds to get rid of the ball or run.

Edit: Also, where are our quick passes??? Can receivers not get open? I get toile with all the pressure burrow was getting on sunday I didn’t see enough quick slants and such to just let him get the ball out of his hand quickly"
"This makes Burrows comments here recently make sense in context. The OL needs improvement, no doubt, but folks really shouldn’t panic if some of those are on Burrow. That’s because he can and will improve. Those sacks could’ve turned into big gains or at minimum no further loss / turnovers. I’m sure he knows that.

At the very least, they all got a taste of what a SB-looking defense feels like. If they can all learn, it’ll make them better against lesser teams who try to pull the same tactics. My optimistic, two cents."
"Wh would you guys consider the pieces for the future? Who would you cut after this season or attempt to trade?

Here’s who I think is our “building blocks”

Offense:

QB. Burrow
HB. Mixon
WR. Boyd
WR. Higgins
WR. Tate (not a starter but a quality #4-5 receiver)
OT. Jonah
C. Hopkins

Defense:

DE. Hubbard
DE. Lawson
DT. Reader
LB.Wilson
LB.Davis-Gaither
LB.Pratt
CB. WJ3 (personally don’t think he will be back after this season)
CB.Waynes
CB.Phillips
S. Bates (Best safety in the league)

After the season I would cut and who is FA
Dunlap 
Hart (for the love of god)
Redmond
Bynes
AJ (man that pains me, I hope he turns it around so I can remove him from this list)
Shawn Williams
Ross"
I think we should keep burrow
"Special Teams: Brandon Wilson, Kevin Huber"
"Green is a free agent after this season, as Is John ross."
I'd put Mackenzie Alexander over Trae Waynes at least until we see him on the field. As of right now it boggles my mind how much money we gave Waynes when we could've made an effort to improve the oline besides Sua'Filo since the secondary has played well despite a few bad penalties.
"Hopkins has been our best center in a while, but I wouldn't call him a building block."
"I think Tate is not the worst option as a 3rd receiver, production could’ve been worse last year"
"**Untouchables:** Burrow, Mixon, Jonah, Hopkins, Boyd, Higgins, Reader, WJ3, and Bates

**Not cornerstone pieces, but still important (want to keep):** Tate, SuaFilo, Sample, Uzomah, Lawson, L. Wilson, ADG, Phillips, Alexander, and B. Wilson

**Prefer not to trade or let walk but wouldn't be mad:** Hubbard, Pratt, and Sims

**Indifferent at this time, but lets see how the season plays out:** Atkins, Bynes, Bell, and Waynes

**Would like to actively seek replacement in offseason:** Jordan and Hart

**At this point in time, I would like to see traded before the deadline or cut/let walk in the offseason due to cap hits being greater than provided value or just being John Ross:** Green, Dunlap, Gio, S. Williams, and Ross


Also, I hope it goes without saying, but my opinions on each player would change if others within their position group were traded, cut, or let walk. Like, if we managed to trade Dunlap, Geno and Hubbard would shoot up to my ""want to keep"" category. Also I know a lot of people around here love Gio, but he's a near $5 mil cap hit as a backup HB. I just think there are way better ways to use that money"
"WJ3 will be back, he’s producing and is a top corner according to pff"
"I think we agree on a lot. You hit the main pieces, but I have a few changes:

I think I'd remove Hubbard from the list as well as Waynes. They are going to be here for the next few seasons, but I don't really think they're key building blocks to the team. 

Hubbard is your classic ""decent player."" He's not bad enough to replace, but he's probably never going to make a pro bowl and is frustrating to watch at times. Maybe I'm  being unfair to him and will be proven wrong, but I just don't see a top flight DE when I watch him. He's fine.

Waynes was overpaid to start and already is down one year of his three year deal. He will need to perform outstandingly to make his contract worth it in the next two years and the odds of re-upping are relatively slim after the precedent we set with his first contract.

I really really really want to add Michael Jordan to the list because he is so young and has a ton of potential, but I'm starting to think that is being ruined by our coaches and will flare out in a few years.

I personally hope we re-sign Alexander because he is both young and has high potential, especially since his role as nickelback isn't as lucrative as outside cornerback.

Bell may be a building block because he's young and still relatively cheap, as he plays a pretty cheap role as SS, but he has had some bad weeks so far. We'll have to keep an eye on him, but the potential is there, especially in the box where he makes his money.

Even if Green makes a comeback and plays well this year, he still isn't a key piece because he's turning 33. He has a few good years in him maybe, if he comes back this year, but ultimately I wouldn't consider him a key piece outside of the next two years at the very most.

It's a relatively small role, but I'd add Brandon Wilson, who I think is an elite special teams player."
"I love the point about jonah and hopkins. As much as we like to shit on the oline as a whole, I like both of these guys and they deserve some respect. Both are very solid linemen (except for the occasional bad snap by hopkins)"
"Foundational pieces for the next 3-5 years in my eyes are:

Offense: Burrow, Mixon, Boyd are cemented....Williams, Higgins and Sample are tbd...everyone else is expendable/replaceable

Defense: WJIII (if he’s resigned), Bates, Reader (if he comes back healthy) Bell (probably) are cemented....our young LBs are slowly making a case (ask in another year), haven’t seen any of Waynes to know, Phillips is making a case, Lawson needs to show out in a big way....everyone else is expendable/replaceable"
"I also like Thomas, Jordan, carter, T. Williams and sample. Not core guys but younger guys with upside that we should keep and pair with our core for the next few years and see how they develop and contribute on special teams."
Get rid of the coach
""
Cinati bengos
I love these. Very fierce. I want to kiss you directly on the butthole.
You've been given a gift my friend.
"Can our offensive line just hike the ball and then tackle Burrow gently to the ground. Better yet, Burrow never takes the field. The center snaps the ball to himself then eats grass.

Burrow should be saved for a future Bengals team with an actual offensive line. Right now they aren’t a line, they’re just offensive.

The colts recent history is a stark lesson in that. Nice drawing btw"
I love these
Butler County ayyy
They look so content to be logos.
Wow good job johnny
""
I’m just glad there’s something normal going on in my life this year.
This d line has been gutted.
"The one unit I was comfortable with to start the season. Starts with Geno getting hurt, then he comes back only to have Dunlap showing he's regressed in a major way, Reader out for the season, Lawson disappearing as normal and now this. Life as a Bengals fan ain't fair."
Remember when we could pretty regularly get 40+ sacks a year? I miss that :(
"This page formatting looks like an ""in remembrance"" or an obituary"
"We have been absolutely demolished at D Line this year. 

Losing Renell Wren in the offseason.

Atkins out for the start of the year and still working on recovery. 

Signing Mike Daniels and DJ Reader just have both go out for an extensive period (the latter of which is the full season).

Now Sam Hubbard goes on IR."
"I know we need OL in the offseason, but we also are in desperate need for a pass rusher as well. A premier DE would help a ton. Seriously we should just work on nothing but the O and D lines this offseason and forget the rest for now."
[deleted]
"Hope he gets better soon, but I genuinely wonder how much this will impact us. Like, he hasn't really done anything this year. Honestly, part of me is excited to see Kareem and Bledsoe get a few more reps, even though I don't really expect too much from them"
*gulp*
Sewell here we come
"Judging by the amount of injuries this team has had over the past few seasons, there seems to be more than just bad luck at play here."
"Time to 

TANK TANK TANK TANK TANK TANK TANK TANK"
"I don't really know any details but with the new IR rules, he probably will be back in a month."
😢
"I stumbled across some quotes from Sun Tzu's masterpiece **The Art of War** and couldn't help but draw parallels to what success looks like in the NFL. For those unfamiliar, **The Art of War** is considered to be one of the most influential military texts ever written - its principles continue to influence military strategy/philosophy to this day.  

 

*- The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy.*

\- *If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.*

\- *All warfare is based on deception.*

\- *Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories.*

\- *Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat.*

\- *Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.*

*- The opportunity to secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.*

\- *Opportunities multiply as they are seized.*

*- The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.*

\- *Hence to fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.*"
Quasimodo predicted all this.
"As per this article written by ESPN's Jamison Hensley [link](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/30121047/baltimore-ravens-dc-unhappy-late-cincinnati-bengals-fg-avoid-shutout)

I think if the Ravens dc didn't want us scoring any points they shouldn't have allowed us to get into fg range to begin with. I could see his frustration if we were down 2 scores and had a chance for a TD and an onside kick then see what happened from there, but down 27 points you take what you can get. Thoughts?"
After having read his whining I now support Taylor's decision to have Bullock kick the field goal.
Didn’t read the article but if he’s actually upset about it then that’s on him. I could care less.
If he's actually upset at us.....he should should be more upset with is defense and his play calling to allow us to get in field goal range. Fucking fool
"You don't get to this level without being an insane competitor, so those three points kept him up at night.  On the flip side, getting some points is better than none, so each side did what they had to do."
"Yeah well, I hope we kick two against them next time."
Didn't they challenge one of our plays with the game well out of reach late in the 4th?
Who cares
Uhhh okay.
"Football coaches want players who’ll suit up even if they’re paralyzed but then turn around and complain that the other team is trying *too* hard. If you’re going to insist on others abiding by your unwritten rules, go be an MLB manager.

Zip it up you freaking dork."
"No team is ever happy to get shut out, and the fan base hate it too. Although 27-3 isn’t much different than 27-0 EVERY team in the league is going to kick that field goal. You didn’t earn the shutout so quit crying."
"Fuck him and his theft of a GREAT Game Show hosts name. (Wink Martindale) 

>Asked for his reaction when the Bengals kicked the field goal, Martindale said Thursday, ""He knew what it was because it was awful quiet when I yelled it across the field. There are some people that take that as a victory. We'll see. We'll have plenty to talk about the next time we play them.""

Cool. Guess its time to sweep the leg, Carl(os). Go low Kimo style. Feel free to downvote me and my shitty nature. I welcome it."
"To bad, should’ve blocked it"
What an attention whore bitch!
Wtf? This is a really bitchy thing to complain about
Fuck ‘em.
"It was a total BS moved by the Bengals.  I don't give a shit that Baltimore is upset, but the Bengals should be embarassed that they gave up at the end of the game.  

It kind of moved me from indifference to contempt about this team.  I'm basically rooting for them to lose or do whatever possible to get the awful Zac Taylor era over as soon as possible."
[deleted]
[deleted]
"A 5th and a 6th for two 1st round picks. Sad but thats pretty much what I would expect, if anything at all, as a return for them."
"John Ross for a late 6th makes sense, IMO. I’d try to get a late 5th from some coach that thinks they can get the most out of his speed, but i would rather get something than nothing. 

If we got a 5th for Billy Price, I would jump out of my seat. I don’t even feel like I’m being hyperbolic when I say he is the worst lineman I’ve seen wear a Bengals uniform (or at least start). I feel like whoever wrote this is putting too much value on his 1st round pick status"
"I always think it is funny that our fanbase thinks we'd be able to trade our worst players for something of value. Nobody is going to give us anything for Ross, who is a free agent at the end of the year... And Billy Price can't get significant snaps in what is the worst offensive line in the nfl. Nobody wants these dudes..."
Bruh we wouldn't get an 8th round pick for Price
"I doubt either would take them due to their contracts. If we do trade them, i believe we'd get stuck paying them as a part of the deal."
"Trade them both. Use those picks and some more for Quinnen Williams, since the Jets seem to be selling amd we need DTs."
""
At this point we should be happy to get anything for either one of them.
If anyone will give us anything then we should take it. That's not how this FO works though
Where do we sign?
I’m running to the bank for this
So many teams seem reluctant to part with first round busts. You gotta know when to cut bait
Change to a 5th round pick and it's a done deal
"A first round pick for Billy Price? Yea i would take that and run

&#x200B;

Edit: Am dumb"
I would trade John Ross for a pack of cigarettes
I’d throw in a bag of deflated footballs as well
Unfortunately we cant trade Ross simply bc we would have actually zero speed at wideout. Trading him would just mean more games like the Ravens where no one can get open downfield and we cant take advantage of a blitz.
In a heartbeat
Yeah I would take both but I think you could maybe get a little better deal for ross if you pitch it to a couple teams.
A 6th? I know he blows ass but still
""
"Well, I definitely was not expecting positive bengals news today"
Is that still true if Hubbard and Reader are out and Geno is limited?
Odds of us having a Top 5 defense next year ?
The fact that this defense is outperforming the offense speaks a lot about Zac Taylor. Typically an offensive or defensive minded HC at least begins to shore up their side of the ball when they come in. Not been the case for us.
Upgrades people upgrades
Jessie Bates makes this defense run so smoothly.
Seeing as our Run D is atrocious we must have some lock down Pass D
"What good offenses have we faced? The Chargers without Herbert, the Browns destroyed this defense, the Jags- lol, the Eagles with poor QB play.... The Ravens are the only good offense and even then, they've looked meh all season."
Nah das some bullshit
""
Hes a stand up guy. I've criticized his play but never his character.
He was venting to a teammate.  He wasn't going public with it.  They camera made it public.   He wasn't trying to be a distraction.  Quite the opposite.
Sounds like he's saying the right things. I hope to see him shake off the first five games and start looking like an elite receiver again on Sunday.
I think this is really good to hear from AJ. He understands he’s a captain and a leader on the team and realizes he can’t let his emotions control him like that.
"AJ Green is one of, if not my all-time favorite Bengal. I know it the situation sucks and that this team is a loser in its current state. I totally get him being frustrated by his own lack of production and how he's fit into this offense.     
I don't know, but it 's nice to read this statement and be reminded that he is a good guy who is dealing with a shitty situation. I really hope he can bounce back and have a monster game soon."
I just dropped him from my fantasy team so that guarantees he balls on Sunday.
It’s okay I still love you
I’m glad to see old AJ isn’t completely gone
"I love that he decided to stand up and respond. A lot of people would have stayed quiet or leaned into the negativity. He's owning it and I believe that he's disappointed in himself.

It has to be extremely frustrating to be as talented as he is and be struggling with injuries and being on the field.

Hopefully AJ can find a role on this team and be a good influence."
[from Paul Dehner on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/pauldehnerjr/status/1316805065294962689?s=21)
Always a class act
"This just makes me like AJ more. Obviously his play hasn’t been up to the level we’re used to, but this just speaks so much to his character. He spoke and acted out of frustration like everyone does at some point, but he’s mature enough to own up to it like so many don’t have the guts to do. Role model for sure."
Maybe just maybe this situation sparks him again and we start to see some of the old green. Either way he’s a legend.
AJ haters can get worked
"I'm willing to forget it all happened, as long as he's better going forward. As long as he seems to genuinely be trying. That's all I ask."
I didn’t really think much of it. Shit happens.
"I'm waiting until Sunday to judge the sincerity of the statement.

Actions will speak louder than words."
"In other words: ""Yeah, I said it."""
"He is a good man. But if we get down to brass tacks, trading him before the deadline to a contender makes absolute business sense. The Bengals wouldn’t get much. But ANYTHING we get is better than nothing."
He shoulda walked a long time ago. He could be doing great things
"My all time favorite player and I will say, he’s more than earned the right to be caught complaining one time, praying he gets back to form by seasons end and ends up staying with us, aj belongs in stripes nothing else it won’t be right."
"Well said AJ, go out and get em this Sunday"
"whaaaat AJ takes responsibility?!?!?

reminds me of a very prominent receiver...oh wait.

FTS."
Someone forgot how much he was being paid
"Put up at least 7 receptions and 100 yards in a game and I'll start to believe this.


 &nbsp;

 
Edit: I'm asking AJ to do his job and I'm getting downvoted? This sub is so fucking weird now that we're top 5 worst in the NFL."
"He’s guilty he got caught.

Fuck off AJ ME"
"Have always been an AJ Green fan, but I lost a lot of respect when he quit on that interception."
"Great, I guess. I'm just curious who he blamed the interception on though, and honestly, not for the interview. Because that was 100% on him."
"He will be an UFA next year and has made about 18 mil this year all of it fully guaranteed! While only catching 14 passes for 119 yds through 6 game what do you guys think will happen to AJ after this season?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jbtfx3)"
Lest we forget this guy was all pro level when he was trusting his body. He may not be that any more but he's not 14 for 119 either in 5 games. No reason for any real fans to be crappin on him when no matter what he's mostly like gonna be on the team for 10 more games. Put some respeck up on my boys name and quit burying him.
I doubt Mike Brown is gonna let him go. I'd bet he gets something like 2 years 20-25 mil
i want him to sign with the packers. it would be good for him to compete for a championship
Least likely option: Mike Brown takes control and trades him to an NFC team so he can’t burn the Bengals for the remainder of his career.
"I know people disagree but I hope we keep aj on a decent deal the rest of his career, he deserves it he gave us all of his career never once made negative headlines complete class act and should be the type of player the bengals want everyone on the team to be like, and would us taking care of our in house guys make free agents see cincy as a good destination because we take care of our guys?"
""
I thought about putting the Bengals O-Line in my front yard. Talk about scary. *ba-dum-tshh*
""
F
"Easy reschedule. Colts have bye next week and browns and us have bye week after that. Move us and colts to next week and browns have bye, then battle of ohio week after."
It would only be fair for them to give up Quenton Nelson for this inconvenience
More days for Joe to heal. Let’s see if we keep this momentum through December!
What’s the earliest they would reschedule to? Monday?
"Just cancel the rest of the season and go to the draft.

Plz."
"No L this Sunday and Joe B. won't get hit, take that!"
Wear a mask and social distance you dirty fucks.
So we’re not going to lose on Sunday!!!
Give Joe another week to rest his body before getting killed
If we could just cancel our next 4 games and head to  Washington that'd be fine with me
Game on. False postives
False positives game is on
UPDATE: Indianapolis news just reported that the tests were all false positives and the game will proceed as usual.
Honestly it’s crazy we haven’t had a case on our team despite that report earlier on how the league is disappointed in our lack of contact tracing. Maybe our players have less contact with people outside football than other teams?
Oline should be drilling and practicing as much as possible. Review tape of the Browns and Ravens games over and over. Learn how to pick up blitzes. Figure out a solution for the Oline problem or we're gonna need another QB after this one breaks.
That article a while back about the NFL repeatedly pointing us out for not handling Covid well has aged like milk.
"Wonder if it is any of their pass rushers? As much time as they’ll likely spend with Burrow, he’d likely be our first Covid positive player."
"covid or bengals OL..   
covid or bengals OL..   
covid or bengals OL..   
2020 sucks as a bengals fan when you even have to consider rooting for covid"
**WEAR A MASK**
Well shit...
Thank god!
Lol
Make them forfeit please
We gotta get over this fear of literal nothing. Here's to hoping it happens soon
""
"
Feel free to chat about anything you want."
If a bye week prevents Burrow from getting physically abused 49 times...I'll take it.
"That stupid tie is going to end up costing us a few draft slots yet, isn't it?
http://www.tankathon.com/nfl"
Any Bengals fans here also FC Cincinnati fans?
Indy had false positive COVID-19 tests. The game is on.
Bye week
"Any golfers here? What’s are some of ya’lls favorite courses in the Cincy/NKY area? 
Preferably public, I don’t have anyway to play the private courses around here. I have played Hickory Woods and Sharon Woods. Thinking of trying to play a few more times before it gets cold. 
Any opinions on blue ash golf course? Looking to try there next."
I have nothing except...FTS!
I had tickets to the colts game 😭
""
Good save Joe
"Guess who hasn't had a COVID outbreak playing in the fresh air, we've been playing 4D chess for years."
Glass half full lol
"It'd be nice if they could work together with UC to cofund a fancy indoor facility that both teams could use. The bubble works, but it's not top end stuff"
"Seriously, the Browns don’t need to spend another dime. It won’t increase their profits.  It’s not about winning.  It’s about the money....."
Wasn't there a pic/meme before where the Bengals don't even have a 100 yard practice field?
"""History will vindicate me."" - Mike Brown"
"This probably doesn’t count as one but does anyone know of bengals still use this?: https://www.google.com/amp/s/stripehype.com/2019/07/06/bengals-update-indoor-practice-field/amp/ 

It’s only the size of a basketball court but it’s probably useful for walkthroughs"
🧐
Please don't jinx it.
I mean your not wrong. We also have a deal with Cincinnati University to use theirs tho correct.
"Yes they do, it’s called Wall 2 Wall sports on Mason 😉"
They’re literally doing construction right by the practice field. I was watching smoke float on down towards the field earlier today.
The blind squirrels in our front office finally found a nut.
Blind squirreled the shit out of that.
I thought they were building one right next to the stadium that will also be used as a concert venue
"This saying has been made popular by Pat McAfee, which I think he puts extra hate on the Bengals as he is from Pittsburgh, grew up a Steelers fan, and has venom for the Bengals because they had this heated rivalry. Every chance he gets he shits on the Bengals, I think he didn't want Burrow coming here because he likes Burrow and doesn't want to have to hate him."
[deleted]
""
"Good news: Football, Bad News: Burrow gets to play an even better defense than last week and we'll all get to witness his public flogging"
HAPPENING! Get ready for football! And to lose ^/s^?
""
Nice
"This kinda raises questions about the quality of the tests *used by the NFL*. 

I don't want to sound like a conspiracy nut here, but all tests are not created equal and it would make me feel better to know more about false positive and false negative rates."
As are most of them.
""
Nice
"What are the odds of four false positives like that? Must be fairly high, I guess."
Well hot dog
[deleted]
""
""
"Swipe over to see both pics. I think Darius lost outside snaps last week to Leshaun Sims and i’m assuming theyre going with a similar gameplan this week and that triggered the tweets. I’m speculating obviously. 

I think I trust Lou in this situation tho, the defense looked good last week"
Was derron smith even here with this coaching staff?
""
"Personally, I don't understand why Phillips isn't our CB2 next to WJ3 with Alexander playing the slot. Phillips was great against, one of our best defenders, last week against the run. Now we play a Colts offense that relies on its rushing attack and we don't lean on Phillips?"
"Also, Shawn Williams seems frustrated in the comments about his usage too but our other LBs/SSs have been doing fine"
"This ain’t good for the locker room or coaches especially as losses pile up.

Zac Taylor probably wishes he’d get the bye week this week vs week 9. 

He heads into the bye with 1-2 wins he might get the axe."
""
"This applies to literally every team from that city.

I will say it's baseball stadium is beautiful, but I sing sweet caroline to myself."
I only root for the Browns twice a year and the Ravens four times a year
Yeah idk sorry but browns fans have taken the top spot for me in annoyance levels so I hope they lose
Since 2000 the Bengals have played the Steelers 22 times in PBS. Their record is 3-19.
I lol’d so hard.
Browns are you joking? Go Cowboys cuz Dalton is starting. Also fire Zac the worst coach in Ohio football history & one of the worst in the entire history of football. Hire Eric Bienimy
Burrow is something sweet. The Bengals will have a monster team. I can see them pulling together and making a run this year and the next. Fuck the Steelers.
"I don't get these comments, the bengals browns rivalry hasn't really been a rivalry in my lifetime. Both teams moreso hate the Ravens and Steelers from what I see. I'm rooting for the Ohio bros to do good, decades of pain to finally be good, it's a cool story...but if this becomes a real rivalry it will not take much to fully hate Baker and what he did to the OSU flag thing."
""
I just see a bunch of guys who had multiple opportunities to win a playoff game but didn’t deliver
"Ahh AJ Green, the guy who never showed up to a playoff game."
""
"Is he also a hagentent you bentrentgent? 

^^tent"
""
"Um what Wyatt Davis isn't there in round 2, he's right behind Sewell as best OL in class"
"New On The Clock allows for trades. I did a bit of wheelin and dealin and still got my top  2 players

3: R1 P3 OT Penei Sewell - Oregon

40: R2 P8 G Wyatt Davis - Ohio State

67: R3 P3 DL Jay Tufele - USC

81: R3 P17 OT Daniel Faalele - Minnesota

105: R4 P3 EDGE Shaka Toney - Penn State

135: R4 P33 CB Josh Jobe - Alabama

141: R4 P39 CB Keith Taylor - Washington

144: R5 P3 WR J.D. Spielman - Nebraska

167: R5 P26 G Ben Brown - Ole Miss

182: R6 P3 QB Mac Jones - Alabama

205: R6 P26 TE Braden Galloway - Clemson

226: R7 P3 RB Master Teague - Ohio State

249: R7 P26 S Lamont Wade - Penn State"
"Yes waiter, I'll have a one of everything. Please and thank you."
We won’t get the 3rd pick and Davis won’t fall to round 2. But like your ideas
[deleted]
Want to see them open up the playbook and use their strengths to mask weaknesses. I haven’t seen that this year. Plus Taylor has 3 wins through 21 games. Not exactly giving me confidence he can improve.
"I haven't seen a thing from ZT that impresses me. Our offense has taken a step backward. There is no scheming, no creativity, nothing earth shattering. I watch other teams around the league and their offense looks so much more dynamic than ours. 

I know the offensive line is a mess and it limits you, but at some point you have to scheme around your deficiency's. I saw the Ravens continually bring 7 guys on Sunday while we sat there and tried to block them with 5 almost the entire game. No quick slants, no screens, no misdirection...they just sat there while Burrow got knock on his ass. It was appalling."
"Sums up my thoughts perfectly.  Love the part about The only thing Taylor seems to have going for him among many fans is that he’s not Marvin Lewis, although Marvin could at least coach."
Man one year later and we coulda had the Carolina staff
CBS did a good job last week of showing how horribly coached this offensive line is. There were at least 2 replays showing a defensive player right on the LOS go completely untouched while the offensive lineman in front of him went to double team someone else.
"I think Taylor has cleaned up the culture and put us in a position to turn things around, but I’m not sure he’s capable of coaching that turnaround"
"I've been saying the SAME shit about Taylor since the minute he declined to have Jack Del Rio as the DC. It told me he was scared of having someone on staff who had HC experience. Someone who wasn't loyal to him and could be an obvious interim HC if Zac shit the bed. Which he has. Taylor, Turner, Anaroumo are all hot garbage. Time to start fresh."
I agree with everything you wrote...Nice article Dadio MacDuece!!!
"We have a grossly unqualified front office, which is probably what attracted them to such an unqualified head coach.

I'm not really sure how much credit Taylor should get for the increased free agency spending.  Every year from the front office we hear how there is no money available because we have to extend our own guys.  Now we have drafted so bad for so long there was no one worth giving an extension to so the money had to go somewhere."
"Two things you mentioned that should not be overlooked.

Scouting and medical. 

Both of those things are causes of issues that are manifested well down the line."
Damn.  Give the guy a shot.  He didn't exactly come into a good situation and has a rookie qb.
"One of the best Bengals related articles I've read in a while. Totally hit the nail on the head. 

ZT supposedly wanted to ""change the culture"" here but immediately hired Jim Turner and ruined what little credibility he had. And has since defended him making him look even worse.

The Bengals have the worst front office in the league and have been a complete failure for years now. We all have known what the problems are for years now: lack of a real GM, scouts, trainers, facilities, etc. 

"" Brown, his daughter Katie Blackburn, and her husband Troy Blackburn (the Dream Team of cheapskate lawyers managing the Bengals ""

Lmao this is perfect. And also why this franchise is fucked. I'm at the point if Mike Brown ruins Joe Burrow then I'm officially done as a fan."
"It’s pretty hard to nag on a teams free agent acquisitions when injuries come into play.  

Is this dude writing an opinion article?  Or just putting his bitching session down into words?"
Taylor is a TOTAL ZERO! Should have & still should hire Eric Bienimy! He's a former Bengal!
"You know, it’s funny how the front office is only brought up when it’s convenient.


Everyone loved the signings they made, but then when they go down with injury: “Durrrr why did they sign them? They should have signed a bunch of o-lineman.”


This article is a crock of shit."
"My thoughts.
1. The defense is looking better, especially considering the loss of pretty much all of our DT,s. We held the Ravens go 27 points which gave this offense a chance to be competitive.
2. We have faced some of the absolute best dlines in the league and besides the Ravens game we had a very good shot at winning the rest of the games. We are not getting manhandled like we were last year. 
3. We are overreacting to the Ravens loss imo. They are the 2nd best team in the league. I’m not sure what most fan’s expectations were for that game but the outcome of that game was not a surprise to me at all. 
4. With all of that being said. We have entirely to much talent to not be winning almost every game. Zero excuses for the coaching staff going forward because they had all of last season and this offseason to figure things out. 
5. The front office did a fantastic job this offseason with free agency and the draft beside the most obvious and most important position group, the offensive line. Every great move they made is useless if you can’t protect Joe and there are again no excuses for not addressing the group outside of the guard from Dallas. 
6. Overall I still have faith in Taylor because we have been in a position to win every game (besides the Ravens) and could easily have a winning record. He definitely needs to get his house in order if what seems to be going on in the locker room is actually happening. 
7. Veteran players like Green, Dunlap and Shawn Williams need to understand that they are absolutely replaceable and if the young players are outperforming then then they will lose their spot. This is no longer the Marvin era where vets get priority over young guys because Zac has proven he will put the team in the best position to win. It does sound like communication needs improved on that but hopefully hat will come."
I'm curious where all the top tier free agent linemen were and who they should've signed.  There wasn't much available talent on that end last off-season.
I think you should give Zac Taylor at least until the end of this year. If he doesn't ditch Jim Turner or change up this boring offense this season in the meantime though then you fire Taylor.
This is exactly why I didn't want to hire ZT. He was always going to struggle with a bad roster and then he was going to make big moves at QB to buy himself 3 more years and before he shows he should never have been hired in the first place. Wish we had John Fox
"Snooze, a reflexive and a non-thoughtful article. Nothing new, last year it was ""Dalton is the problem!"""
"For anyone interested [here is a link](https://www.reddit.com/r/Colts/comments/jcyjxj/trash_talk_thread_week_six_ind_vs_cin/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)

Feel free to look through my post history for inspiration"
Bruh we have nothing to say lol
""
...you don’t run back into a burning building
Kinda trash is this
""
"Almost said I can't believe they're throwing him to the wolves like this, but that'd be a lie. Halfway expected it, truth be told."
"Let's face it we knew the problem and we ignored the hell out of it. ""Oh the line is MUCH better,"" bull fix it brown or watch our golden boy get beat up beyond repair. Physically and mentally."
Id rather not have all these receivers and actually have some decent linemen
"This morning I watched my favorite Ralph Wiggum episodes - and now me eyes see this. 
What a perfect use of this meme."
""
Can you stop spamming this nonsensical bullshit? No one thinks its funny or cool or whatever you trying to do.
[deleted]
Regardless his play calling is pathetic it’s pretty obvious when we’re going to run vs pass he doesn’t try to hide what he’s doing whatsoever
"“I think Zac Taylor has potential to be a good coach for us”

Can you elaborate why? What has he done to prove himself as a good coach to you?

“the reality is we are an average team”

Lol, average teams aren’t 3-17-1 or 0-9-1 in one score games. We are garbage tier.

I understand where you are coming from but ZT may just not be that guy. You can’t sit around wasting time because of sunk cost bias. We’ll see what happens the rest of the year but he has inspired no confidence whatsoever since game 1 last year against Seattle. Are we even a better team now than we were then, minus Burrow?

He was a reach to begin, has shown no signs of being a possible great coach in the future, and we may now be a decent HC draw for someone  who wants to come work with Burrow."
"Zac was heralded as an offensive guru in the vein of Sean McVay. In reality, his playcalling seems to show a limited knowledge of situational football, quite frankly. 

At this point, I find it pretty likely that he was hired due to his Cincinnati connections, and not much else.

That being said, I think he has potential to be a decent HC, if he had a good assistant staff and maybe didn’t call plays himself, which is not the case. Allowing a guy who had only really been a QB coach in the NFL to hire his own staff was a big mistake."
"There's a line in the movie Chariots of Fire where the athletics trainer Sam Mussabini tells the trainer of Eric Liddell,

""You take good care of this young man, Mr. McGrath (Liddell's trainer). Because *if you drop him, YOU'LL NEVER GET ANOTHER ONE LIKE HIM*.""

As an LSU fan ashamed of JaMarcus Russell's NFL performance and desperately trying to hang onto the joy of 2019...please, please...save Joe."
"I like the ideas that I see zac taylor try to attempt.

I think that his effective plays are severely restricted by the line play.

That being said... I dont think hes a top tier coach and I think joe brady might be a fucking great option for modern offense."
"Flip flopping is bad but if a guy isn’t it, he isn’t it. Look at shanny in SF, his first years were bad but you could tell he just needed talent. Taylor hasn’t a fucking clue to what he’s doing"
"Flip flopping coaches every other year purely on the basis of win/loss record is bad.

But this is more than win/loss record. He's shown an inability to make adjustments in his playcalling, and refuses to allow another to take that role. He has shown an inability to understand the intricacies of clock management, challenges, etc. He has built a staff that is simply bad. He's defended the undefendable - like our offensive line.

Yes, you should move on from coaches just because the roster hasn't been built yet and isn't winning. But there needs to be a sign of an ability to turn things around once talent arrives. Have you really seen that in Taylor? Can you cite any specific example of it?

Flip flopping coaches every other year is bad. Hanging on to bad coaches and setting your franchise back another 5 years is worse. Especially if it is jeopardizing the health of, and ability to resign, a generational talent and your first overall pick."
I posted something similar last week and got very negative responses too. I agree with you man.
"wk 1 https://youtu.be/9z5T6xuU9bE

wk 2 https://youtu.be/1dU6jhasAWU

wk 3 https://youtu.be/UG-Hf0hb61M

wk 4 https://youtu.be/8dC0MCm_0kM

No surprise here. Mixon good. Line bad."
"What kills me is how well Bobby Hart is ranking in PFF grades for run blocking. Obviously he is shit at pass blocking, but is he truly a good run blocker? Because minus the Jacksonville game, Mixon hasn’t had a hole to run through. Is the situation at RG just that bad? I understand that’s probably the weakest link on our line right now, but surely if Hart is that good at run blocking it would compensate for it at least a little. I don’t know man. It’s just makes me sad to see such a talented player have no chance to execute."
I just want Mixon to do well so he doesn't get angry and go back to punching women in the face...
"He's been injured for the majority of his career, and I wanna know what happened to him? He looked nice at UW. He was gaining so much hype pre-draft and the pick was very exciting for you guys in hindsight. He looked so promising in last year's opener vs Seattle. But I haven't heard a word from him since. Was he just injury-prone and didn't meet his full potential, or is he just a bust for not being a good football player? I saw him get benched and it looks like he's not a part of you guys' long term future. Thanks in advance. I'm sure you guys watched tons of Bengals games to have insight on John Ross."
Fast man have feet for hands
"Poor route running, poor awareness and two greased plates for hands.  Oh, and a completely shattered sense of confidence (thanks Marvin)."
You got Ruggs. That's like what John ross should be.
"He simply has underperformed. He has had two statistical breakout games, but he has not been able to find much success. He is incredibly fast, but he struggles catching. Check out the game this weekend if you get the chance. He should be active. You'll likely see what I mean."
"He’s gunning for a first round pick in the 2021 XFL draft. Hope the best for him, but he shouldn’t see the field the remainder of the year."
He'd fit perfectly on your team. Trade for him. Hell make your happy just like the UW footage.
Go to bed raiders guy
"So what you want to give for him? He seems like a Raiders player. 

5th rounder and hes all yours."
He can’t catch reliably and is usually injured
He doesn’t fight for the ball in coverage
"I think it's a serious mental issue. 


He has had documented issues with depression. 


He plays with absolutely zero confidence at a position most guys have a lot of swagger. I've never seen a receiver fight less for the ball in my life. The ball has to hit perfect between the numbers and he still might not even reach out."
Basically his problem is that he is not a natural pass catcher. That sounds super vague but if you watch him he looks really awkward catching anything but a couple nice high concentration grabs
[deleted]
"https://youtu.be/k1RIsChdRVc

Or

https://youtu.be/UCrrplrx7r4"
https://youtu.be/jtI7T2VrCYE
Jerome Simpson flip.
"Andy Dalton touch down reception.

https://youtu.be/Vr-W2awYfcM"
"Tyler Boyd game-winner

https://youtu.be/DAitXjJiJsM

P.S. absolutely love your idea"
Are you selling these? I would be interested in a Bengals one for sure.
If you wait a few weeks i guarantee burrow will make a new best play in bengals history
Gio Bernard run against the dolphins
Joe Burrow getting sacked.
Jeremy Hill up the middle...
Montana to Taylor ☹️
What fortune! Are you in the market for a coaching job sir?
"The immaculate Deflection. Brandon Stokley’s catch. 

https://youtu.be/SgXvaRUP4l4"
I love this idea! I would totally buy a Bengals one!
The Carson palmer leg crusherizer
Wake up you sorry eyed new dey'ers! It's game day! Let's keep joe upright today!
"Nah. I think  we get back to losing respectably today. This will be a good ""we left some plays out there"" one score loss. 

I actually think our defense gets 2 turnovers today which will keep things close."
If the Jaguars could beat them so can you
I've already done the rosary six times today. One for each offensive lineman and two for boby hart. Who dey!
"I'm calling it: this is the first spectacular deep ball from burrow to AJ.

It will come at a critical moment.


Holding on redmond. Ten yard penalty replay third down. 

Attempt to run it up the gut with mixon. 

Punt."
Burrows 2nd pro win today! Good bounce back from last week embarrassing loss
"Damn, the boys look good today so far"
My opponent in fnatasy last week had the ravens D. I though eh. Surely we can score two touchdowns. Nope. They hung uo 32 points in me. If Dalton does well in Dallas ill take back everythinfmg i said about him and redirect it to the O line
"Let's see. Pip is better than people think, but will probably throw a few Ints. However we're facing another defensive line that is pretty good (their whole defense is not bad really). D Buckner and Justin Huston (assuming he plays - listed is questionable) will be chasing Joe all day. 

Could we win? It is possible. Could we get blown out in a disaster as bad as last week? Also possible."
You sure?
WHO’S HERE WHILE THEYRE UP 21-0 BABY!!! FUCK THE DUDE WHO MADE THIS POST
"If we can generate points on d/special teams I think we can win. If we can get turnovers or great field position from the d/special teams I think we can cover. If we can't do either, I think we lose by 8+"
"As long as our O-line and D secondary are not on field, we have a shot!"
A win would be nice but another week of keeping Joe healthy would be nicer. Who Dey!
Bengals gonna win 31-24
This didn’t age well
"Let the losses pile up. Seasons already done, let’s get a top 5 pick to build around Joe and get Zac Taylor fired 

Who Dey!"
"I think we'll play a better game today, Rivers hasn't been the qb he used to be. Disappointed there are no fans today, definitely would have been at the game :(."
Regardless of score I claim moral victory if burrow makes it through a game without getting critically injured
I always go into every game with the attitude that we will win.
I think we got a shot today. [Check out my game preview for KSR](https://kentuckysportsradio.com/main/bengals-week-6-preview-the-forest-through-the-trees/) where I highlight key matchups and identify one way Cincy can pull out a dub. I also share my thoughts on the AJ Green situation. Who dey!
Thats the Spirit! Who Dey!
Thats the Spirit! Who Dey!
Lots of bengals fans in Indy this morning! Who dey! 🐱
If we can get a big return on special teams and a takeaway or 2 we got a shot at winning this thing.
"Rivers is washed. Burrow can overcome this defense. Let's go, who dey."
I am ready to be hurt again!
Just fire all the damn coaching. Its fucking terrible. HOW THE FUCK DO YOU BLOW A 21 POINT FUCKING LEAD!!!!!!!! FIRE ALL OF THEM AND START OVER
Wake up our coach sucks
How prophetic of you
Then joe burrow sadly isnt great by that statement. But yes Andy never played well inder the lights.
[deleted]
"1. Joe Thuney (G)

* The top free agent guard for 2021. He obviously should be a target for the Bengals to plug in at RG.Thuney is known and grades highly on his pass block abilities (in 2019 his PFF pass block grade was 87.4), but he is still a very solid run blocker (66.6). Based on the highest paid guards today, I'd expect his AAV to be around 13-15 million. Not cheap, but games are won in the trenches. Have to spend big on the oline to be competitive. Bengals are currently 32nd in money spent on guard position.

2. Alejandro Villanueva (LT)

* Villanueva is 32 years old and a 7 year veteran. He's been a solid LT for them over the years. While not a particularly good run blocker (59.8 in 2019), he a very good pass blocker on the outside (80.4) and that is the most important thing for this offense. Protect Joe Burrow. I'd expect his AAV to be 11-13 million. Like Thuney, he won't be cheap, but spending needs to increase on the oline.

3. Curtis Samuel

* There is a 90% chance both AJ and Ross will be gone after this season. That leaves Boyd, Higgins, Tate at the top 3 guys. None of which are much of a deep threat. We hoped Ross would be that guy, but he just hasn't. Samuel would be a perfect pickup for this offense that would be relatively cheap. He's been a decent player for the Panthers but they just haven't had a QB that can consistently hit on the deep ball (Kyle Allen was last in the NFL last season in deep ball accuracy). Samuel had the most yards lost of any WR last year because of inaccurate deep passes. So the guy can get open. We know Burrow can hit on them even with the lack of success this season.  I expect him to be in the 4-6 million AAV range. Most likely a 1 year ""prove it"" deal.

Obviously, the draft and where will pick plays a huge part in who we will target in free agency, but that was irrelevant to this post. If I'm the Bengals, with their cap situation, these would be my top 3 guys."
If only the Bengals had kept Villanueva way back when...
Adding Thuney would really open up the draft for the bengals. If they take a tackle in the first then it allows them to draft BPA the rest of the way. I’d love to add two WRs in this draft since it’s such a good class.
[deleted]
Still better than the B
Who is this character?
"Disney already have 2 tigers, Shere Khan and Rajah. Both look a lot better than this crap.

hell, even Tigger look better than this.

so this art is NOT DISNEY but something else lol."
""
Christian Rock for when we play Andy
Excellent video boys. Please do a 80's punk rock version for week 7.
Best meme 2020
Bone Thugs homage for Cleveland
Hip-hop for week 7
These deserve way more upvotes
Okay....you had better keep them coming.
I look forward to these more than the games now
"Too soon, too soon"
lol
I got cards like that with bengals players from David Fulcher's spot he had at forestfair mall years ago.
"Keep em coming, love these each Sunday"
I love these.
Keep these up! They’re so good
"They play on my birthday and death/black metal would be lit but honestly all of em have been great so whatever it end up being will be awesome. These videos are great, keep em up."
Defense needs to step up. Colts scored back to back TDs.
"#Cincinnati Bengals at Indianapolis Colts

Lucas Oil Stadium- Indianapolis, IN

Network(s): FOX

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:39

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Bengals * *|14|10|3|0|27|
|Colts * *|0|21|0|10|31|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|CIN|TD|1|(11:20) (Shotgun) G.Bernard up the middle for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|1|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CIN|TD|1|(3:24) F.Johnson reported in as eligible.  J.Burrow up the middle for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|1|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CIN|TD|2|(15:00) (Shotgun) J.Mixon right guard for 7 yards, TOUCHDOWN.  The Replay Official reviewed the runner broke the plane ruling, and the play was Upheld. The ruling on the field stands.|
|CIN|PAT|2|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|IND|TD|2|(12:21) (Shotgun) Direct snap to T.Burton.  T.Burton right tackle for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|IND|PAT|2|R.Blankenship extra point is GOOD, Center-L.Rhodes, Holder-R.Sanchez.|
|CIN|FG|2|(8:09) R.Bullock 47 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|IND|TD|2|(4:43) (Shotgun) P.Rivers pass short left to T.Burton for 10 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|IND|PAT|2|R.Blankenship extra point is GOOD, Center-L.Rhodes, Holder-R.Sanchez.|
|IND|TD|2|(:20) (Shotgun) P.Rivers pass deep right to Z.Pascal for 17 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|IND|PAT|2|R.Blankenship extra point is GOOD, Center-L.Rhodes, Holder-R.Sanchez.|
|CIN|FG|3|(3:37) R.Bullock 55 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|IND|TD|4|(15:00) (Shotgun) P.Rivers pass short right to J.Doyle for 14 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|IND|PAT|4|R.Blankenship extra point is GOOD, Center-L.Rhodes, Holder-R.Sanchez.|
|IND|FG|4|(4:07) R.Blankenship 40 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-L.Rhodes, Holder-R.Sanchez.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Bengals | 6 | 20 | 98 | 300 | 22 |
| Colts | 6 | 55 | 59 | 371 | 23 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/bengals/comments/jdndvd/post_game_thread_cincinnati_bengals_at/)
You know you’re a bengals fan when you allow a touchdown up 21 and automatically prepare for a collapse
All colts fans who enter and say Fuck the Steelers will be welcomed here with open arms
Did we... did we finally take advantage of a turnover? 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
I dont think I've upvoted a thread this much in 3 years this is amazing so far
Can someone tell what network the Bengals game is on? I’m watching Fox and there’s this 21-0 game on...
LMFAO I THOUGHT MIXON WAS HURT LMFAO that dance
O line drank some creatine today
These refs continue to bail us out. Something I never thought I would say.
12-3-1 starting today boys
ITS HAPPENING! EVERYTHING IS HAPPENING
Joe Burrow is literally the greatest athlete in history
9 TO 85!!!!!
"Death, taxes and the Bengals giving up a score in the last 2 minutes of a half"
#ALL HAIL THE GIO STACHE
"In spite of everything, it has been straight pleasurable seeing AJ play like this. Love that guy."
"I think my TV is broken, guys. There are more numbers beside the orange logo than the other logo."
Who the fuck is this team
"People hatin on the DBs but its the lack of pass-rush, rivers has 5-6 seconds to throw"
Damn it. Time out on 3rd. Here comes a TD
No big deal just 9/10 on 4th down this year
How did the o line suddenly become good? That doesn't seem like something that a week's worth of practice can do.
"Is this Big Dick Joe time? Please. Football Gods I pray to thee, deliver us a Big Dick performance."
Marvin Lewis would’ve taken  a fg
That's the best quarter of bengals football I've seen since 2015
There it was boys! The DEEP BALL!! Its on now
We’re up and our D has made - turnover and Two three and outs?  Better switch to prevent D and not do what was working. Lou probably
Is it possible to rank 33rd in defense?
WHY ARE WE PLAGING ZONE
Does anyone else think our defense gets significantly worst when we are up two scores? I feel like Lou just plays soft ass zone coverage and we get picked apart
"0-0 game, boys. fuck all that 21-0 nonsense. let’s go kick some ass and play football."
"Hey I'm a Colts fan but our sub is mega toxic right now

can I hang out with the orange guys

promise I'll be friendly

Edit: can't believe I didn't include FUCK THE STEELERS"
Jesus Burrow. Looking like a 10 year vet lol
Holy hell this team came to play. Even the coaches have a fire lit under their asses
"Last week: we're not winning another game this season, our O-line and Defense are trash.

This week: WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!"
"If we let them back in this game and blow it, that should be the nail in Lou's proverbial coffin."
"My grandma could cover a receiver better than this... and she’s been dead for 15 years. RIP grandma, you da best!"
WHY ARE WE STILL PLAYING ZONE YOU DUMBASS
My flight just landed. I was wheels up at 21-0. What the fuck happened?
"Anybody worth a shit on the Defensive line is basically gone. 

Its amazing the way injuries pile up. Its always one position that just absolutely gets murdered."
The fact that someone is wide open every single third down isn't a player problem. It's a coaching/scheme problem
"Zac has given us 27 points against supposedly the top defense in the leauge, a loss is on Lou fr fr"
Baker Mayfield 0/1 1 int lol
Holy shit. A 3 & out? Who is this team?
This game is like losing my virginity again: I don’t know what’s happening but I’m enjoying it.
CONNECTING ON A DEEP BALL HAS MY COCK ROCK HARD
Someone slipped the o-line some regeneron
"Don’t let off the gas. 3 and out, drive, rinse, and repeat."
Seahawks/LSU fan dropping in to say FUCK YEA GO BENGALS! Joe is the way
"21-0. Offensive Line *""Aight Imma Head Out""*"
"Wtf is with the 2 minute defense lmao, every week"
Zac Taylor is not it
"This game is on Lou, not Zac. If you score 27 points on a team led by the corpse of Phillip Rivers throwing to practice squad targets, you HAVE to fucking win that game. Unacceptable."
I am shocked. I can't believe we kept that lol
I'm boarding a flight into CVG so I can't watch today. When I land I fully expect the Bengals to be up by 50 points. Godspeed everybody.
Imagine thinking Herbert is better than Burrow 🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
oh fuck Rivers remembered how to play football
"Zach playing conservative on offense up 21, Lou running soft zone schemes and rushing 3.

Playing not to lose.

And here come the Indianapolis Phil Rivers to beat our loser-mentality team.

If they blow this, there's no excuse for either of those guys to keep their job."
"If you thought 21-0 was comfortable, I wish I had that kind of optimism"
Ok so no defensive half time adjustments
So let me get this straight; Wade Phillips is jobless at the moment but Lou Anarumo still has his job... am I missing something here?
"How is someone wide open every 3rd down? Jesus h christ, Lou is not the right guy for DC"
Atleast we have to score a TD and not leave it up to Fat Randy
Why the fuck are we running the ball?
"WeRe uP 21 aNd YoU GuYS aRe WoRrIeD? 

What are you new?"
Even if Cincinnati loses I'm looking forward to watching Andy Dalton in primetime tomorrow. I'll always like the guy as a person.
Burrow has been standing the entire game!!
Mixon died for this
WHO-
"WHO 🐯

and I cannot possibly stress this enough

DEY 🐆"
Dude. ANOTHER 3 & out. My dick just can't take much more.
"BURROW CAN THROW DEEP, FUCK HERBERT
not really thoigh i like herb"
MY STREAM FROZE AND I MISSED MIXONS DANCE IM ANGY 😡
 A reminder that Burrow’s pillaging of college football started with UCF pissing him off...
Of course Mixon is hurt cause we can’t have a good game without something going wrong
They need to play fucking man this zone sucks
Here comes another crushing loss
[deleted]
Only this team can piss me off for blowing a lead in a game I came into wanting a loss.
BEST SAFETY IN THE FUCKING LEAGUE
Bullock has to go. If you can't make clutch kicks you're useless to me. This dude is a trash can in close games
"Bullock can't make a 4th quarter kick for tie or a lead. Ever.

Fuck."
Our D coordinator doesn't know how to get a third down stop. It's so frustrating
Since were the Bengals I expect it will be overturned. But if we did the same exact thing on offense it would be a fumble plus a 15 yard penalty
Faith in the O-line? Feigning pass by putting in Gio and then handing it off - genius because it worked.
Had a feeling all the Herbert cocksucking this week would motivate Joe.
#*Local tiger in good mood*
"ZT going for it, great decision."
Did I wake up an alternate universe where the Bengals are up 14 over a good defense??? I’ll take this universe!
well glad to know everyone felt the pain of last weeks game.. woo!
Finally a big play! My boy TEEEEEEE!!!!
This team is like when the Tune Squad came out in the 2nd half after drinking the secret stuff
"I am so happy right now but I can't help but remember our past leads that were bungled away. Cross your fingers that we destroy them today.

Edit: Bruh it’s happening isn’t it?"
Whats important to realize the Colts are near the bottom in pressure rate...so what were watching is what could happen weekly with a decent O Line
The Colts are having a Bengals day
"If you told me the bengals would be up 21-0 in q1, Burrow hasn’t been touched AND we’re getting all the calls our way... idk what id do, but I’m enjoying it."
"Yeah, that sack was on Burrow. AJ was wide open."
I AM PSYCHED AS FUCK FOR YOU DUDES RN
Don’t waste talent
How do we watch film all week and decide zone is the best way to beat a QB like Phillip Rivers?
I knew that 21 point lead was too good to be true
U could just feel this was gonna happen couldn’t u.
"So this team got up 21 points and just stopped playing? Absolutely embarrassing, yet predictable."
"Well, this was fun while it lasted. 28-24 incoming."
"Sims is awful, but also we’re down so many on the defensive line. It’s literally practice squad guys..."
AJ with a great grab
Kicking field goals on short when we've been converting those all year. Do you not want to win the game Zac?
fat randy will never hit a clutch fg
WHY IS SOMEONE WIDE FUCKING OPEN EVERY 3RD DOWN?
Makes such a difference when AJ is a reliable target
So like.... I never thought I would say this about a Zac Taylor offense but why we running the ball so much?
Shula 2.0 has got to go
We were up 21-0 and lost. You gotta fire the coaches.
"I quit being concerned with wins and losses after the 0-2-1 start and just accepted this is a rebuilding season. You have a rookie QB with no preseason, the writing should have been on the wall. But it should be a positive they had a chance to win every game besides the Ravens one.

It is pretty mind blowing they blew a 21-0 lead, but I disagree with putting EVERYTHING on the coaching staff, I'd like new coaches as well, but players not making plays is also a major reason this happened."
"It's so insane as a Bengals fan that you know even winning 21-0 the team will just blow it in another crushingly, depressive way."
"I may be drunk, but I'm pretty sure Joe Burrow is jesus. Best college career ever, smoke cigars and posts SpongeBob memes, got drafted by the worst team in the NFL and didn't have a proper training camp or preseason, and with the worst offensive line in the NFL already looks like Tom Brady in his prime. Joe burrow is the greatest quarterback of all tim and montana, Manning, and Brady wish they could just sniff this young man's jockstrap."
"I'm at the game, it's 50/50 colts and bengals fans. We're big vibing let's go boys 🐅🐯🐅🐯"
Anyone else wondering where this Oline has been all season?
I think I found the issue. We need go play on FOX from here on out.
**ROOKIE SHOWCASE**
I legit don’t understand this team but I’m having fun
Now I see why Joe is so nice to the refs. Finally getting calls going in our favor.
Don’t waste talent
Joe will answer.
FAT RANDY TIME
11 yard Colts gain and the announcer jizzes himself
"Boo all you want but that is the foul. The job was done, that was stupid of him"
We’re basically being given this game on a platter with these penalties bailing us out and can’t do shit with them
Why tf are they going zone go fucking man
Fire anarumo
Our defense makes me want to kill myself
That drive is on Anarumo’s zone. 100%
Can we please stop playing zone
"Safety incoming.  I've been a bengals fan too long, lol."
If we score a touchdown on this drive I’ll... start my homework
I've finally forgiven Randy for his week 1 debacle.
Our defense checked out for the game. Burrow better score touchdown every drive for the rest of the game to win.
Lmao that's not a catch you morons
Wait so you can just not maintain control through the ground and that counts now?
Bates the shining star of this team
"A FB DIVE 


LOL"
"I think you gotta run mixon there, man. Fuck."
THIS IS OUR TEAM?  WE KICK A LONG ASS FG WITH BURROW AT QB ?! WE WAITED THIS LONG FOR THIS?
"3rd and long; leave either RB or TE completely uncovered.

Rinse and repeat.

Fuck Lou Anarumo."
"So we were up 21-0, and now we're losing 28-27.

At what point does anyone who's at fault take accountability?"
How do you fire Marvin Lewis and get worse?
Well I think we know how this always goes
What the fuck is going on?!?
Is this what it’s like to have fun while watching football?
We all woke up in an alternate universe where the bengals have an o line. So jazzed right now.
Pinch me i think I’m dreaming
THAT QB SNEAK THO
lmao they said herbert was better than our qb1
A FG there would kill momentum. A Marv staple
Where did this defense come from and why are they wearing Bengal's uniforms?
"Higgins, like Boyd, **2nd round steal**"
Imagine not having Joe Burrow as your QB
WHAT IS HAPPENING
Who dey??
"Im still shook that this offensive line was able to get Burrow a goal line qb sneak

Edit: and now block for a 7 yd TD run. Where the hell did this line come from! Lol"
Colts has the #1 defense?!
Im just here to say that tee higgins is the truth
Secondary decided to pump the brakes. Here we go.
That’s dirty as shit. Throw his ass out.
Where’s mixon?
PETITION TO STOP RUNNING ZONE
I hate that being a bengals fan my whole life has taught me: being up 21-0 = Bengals will lose
Boyd had a first down easily and he decided to run back 5 yards. Why.
3rd down and the Bengals call a timeout....I’ve seen this movie before
"Well this is the Bengals I know and expect every week...

Fuck."
I’ve never seen anything as consistently bad as our 2 minute defense going into halftime every single week
Prevent Defense only Prevents you from winning
"Okay everyone I’m gonna leave.


We scored 21 points when I wasn’t here."
WOW that’s disappointing
Taylor needs to intervene with DC. Either blitz and play man more or just fire the guy. If it wasn’t for a lucky ass fumble ruling on first drive we’d be losing again already.
Lou Anarumo's devotion to Prevent Defense and soft zone coverage is just absolutely baffling. You can't succeed with that kind of stuff if you can't get any type of pressure up front. He needs fired yesterday.
Guys we're going full Falcons here.
Defense collapsing harder than the Soviet Union
"Am I the problem? Should I change up the 2 minute defense? No, it is the children who are wrong.

-Zac Taylor"
"If they blow a 21-0 lead, the week ahead is going to be *rough*. We thought morale was low last week, oh boy."
Just getting abused by a noodle armed 40 year old and a practice squad player. Embarrassing.
These announcers really love the colts
99 yards burrow scramble
Anybody shits on randy bullock this week should be an automatic 1 week ban.
Ngl I wanted us to go for it
Why do we keep playing zone D
What the fuck he didn't have control
Friendly reminder that it’s Lous soft zone play calling that allowed the Eagles to score on their last drive taking us to OT where we eventually tied.
Wow. Dumbest playcall by far.
"There it is, a big kick for the lead missed"
Classic Randy clutch moment
"Team has been highly successful on fourth down this season, so if course when it's winning time Zac calls 2 field goals. What a loser."
Watching this team is like punching yourself in the face over and over again.
"When you look at Bullock's stats, he looks like a great kicker. What it doesn't show however is that his misses are always in crunch time."
Somebody tried to tell me Lou was less at fault than Taylor earlier s m h
"""This is why you draft a Hiesman QB"" JINX US HARDER PLEASE"
Almost rather be down 4 than 3 so game is in Burrows hands instead of Bullocks
We need a big play to score. We are garbage in the red zone.
Anybody have any idea how many combined yards we've had this year on the shotgun HB dive? Because I'm thinking it's 0 but it could also be 1...
Milk the clock all the way down to 2 min just to fucking run for no gain
Choke away a 21-0 lead. Bengals gonna Bengal.
I want burrow to fuck my wife.
Now let's hope we can keep this momentum and balance all game instead of the first drive.
WHAT IS HAPPENING?!
9 to 85!!!
TAKE IT TO THE CRIB TEE
WHAT AM I WATCHING
HE’S ONLY 21 YEARS OLD
#*LOCAL TIGER IN AN EVEN GREATER MOOD*
Super bowl
I don’t know what to do with my hands
gonna be a good ass sunday
How did we just get clapped by a top defense to come back and do THIS to an even better one
What is happening i cant watch rn
I am confused. We are up 21 in a game?
I can’t remember the last time I’ve been this happy watching the bengals
OMG. even the refs are hooking us up.
even the refball is in our favour what the hell
lmao yall gotta calm down. we weren’t gonna get a shutout. wait for joe & co. to answer
Fuck 26 on the colts what the fuck is that dirty bullshit
Fat Randy!!!
Alexander celebrating after he gets burned because Johnson dropped it.
Can we get these refs every week?
"Whos the dipshit who left Hilton because he thought Rivers was going to run it in ...

EDIT: BATES"
Don’t waste talent: the sequel
Don't waste talent.
I hate these announcers
Thank God for this officiating crew because they've been generous as hell and we're still managing to blow 21 point lead.
Are giving up a score before half? Yes or definitely?
Im feeling a Logan Wilson interception right about now
christ their wrs are as open as my ex gf's legs are when im away on business
HOW MANY TIMES DO YOU HAVE TO BE TAUGHT THIS LESSON LOU?
Defensive timeout?  Touchdown colts.  NEVER CALL TO ON D
WHY IS EVERYTHING A HIGHLIGHT REEL
Imagine if Boyd just went down after catching it for the 1st down last drive......
It was fun while it lasted
"Well, that's the turning point there. This game is going to be a shoot out we're gonna lose."
Let’s rush 3 and going into zone. Lous philosophy
I knew Boyd's decision to go backwards on what \*should've\* been a first down catch was going to hurt.
Someone definitely reminded the defense that they’re the Bengals after those first three drives
Keep rushing 3. Thats just a brilliant strategy against Rivers.
Good things happen when we pressure Rivers. Bad things happen when we give him all day and pick our zone defense apart.
**DON'T FRET BROS 99 YARD BOMB TO DREW SAMPLE INCOMING**
"Commentator when Rivers breathes: what a legend

Commentator when Burrow throws a bullet straight to his receiver: why didn’t he throw it at his knees!?"
Damn the whole dynamic of this season changes if Fat Randy makes the week 1 kick. Good on him for boucning back though
If we had Reader rn...
CHILDREN AHAHAHAHAH
Lol they didn't just compare Burrow and Rivers children stats
Another DT down. Can't have nice things. Nope.
Someone on the NFL subreddit a couple weeks ago said that the Chiefs are the only team in the NFL where you just expect them to make every third down conversion no matter how far they have to go. I can honestly say the Bengals are the only team in the NFL where I expect them to give up a first down conversion across the middle regardless of down and distance. Because Anarumo is the worst coordinator in football.
CATCH OF THE YEAR FROM A SAFETY
Watching a Bengals game is such a roller coaster of emotions
THATS THE BEST PLAY U CALL ON A 3RD AND ONE???? A FULLBACK DIVE
Wouldn't be Bullock without missing the biggest kicks of the game. All I can do is laugh at this point.
What was that playcall on 3rd? Run it right up the goddamn middle.
wow what impeccable play calls at the end of that drive 👏🏼👏🏼
Why in the fuck would we FB run on that
Guys acting like a field goal would have made a difference. You have to go for it there. Jesus Taylor
If we lose this game it's one hundred percent on the coaching staff. ZT makes the worst decisions on key downs.
3 and 8 we about to go zone
"Good news: a td could win it.

Bad news: there might be time left on the clock for our D to screw the pooch."
Pls Mr. Burrow can I just have a crumb of victory today
Great play calling. Let’s call plays that don’t have a chance to ever work in any game situation ever.
"Yet another game we beat ourselves. Even when the refs helped us all goddamn day. Be safe driving home, guys. Fuck."
Outscored 31-6 after coming out of the gate like a ball of fire
I got kicked out of BWW because that spike gave me a woody and I unzipped.
Our O-line is playing like there's a trip to golden corral after the game on the line.
This first quarter offense is what Joe can give us for the next decade if we protect him. I’m so fucking excited
Joe Mixon owners on suicide watch
Ha Mayfield got a pick 6
HOLY SHIT
Can the defender come from out of bounds and be the first to make contact like that?
How long before I have to go to the doctor for having an erection that won’t go down?
My God I can’t wait to come to Cincy again for a game next season
Our o-line was NASTY on that push. Great job boys!!
"I knew this would happen.

I said last week that after his first clunker, Joe would learn from it and we would get pissed off Burrow this week."
inconclusive evidence
Jim Turner you SOB! What did you do to our Oline and can you do that every week?
It’s nice to finally watch another team get fucked by 50/50 calls for a change
"Get the Popcorn ready, its gonna be a shootout"
Jeez Bell got cooked
dirty ass player fck u
And they are losing their discipline. Well done Colts defence.
[deleted]
Is gio getting a more than usual number of snaps rn? or am i off it
Anyone else starting to get nervous?
Just saw that Mixon is questionable to return. Right foot injury.
Imagine if we had even a serviceable pass rush
We need pressure
God bless these refs
"Of course Mixon got hurt, we might falcon this.."
How do we go from dominating on defense to looking absolutely lost???
"If that keeps happening, I’m completely okay with wasting Phillip’s “Talent.”"
"Ok Defense can you guys play a good game? 

A quarter, take it or leave it."
Did anyone else see it looked like Mixon hurt his foot/ankle dancing in the end zone after his TD?  Only explanation I have for the injury
They should have challenged the spot on that Boyd play
lmfao phillip rivers arguing never gets old
First fucking blitz all game. Keep blitzing. Like DC forgot you could blitz. Rivers literally can’t move
Every fucking time the dipshit calls a timeout they fucking score. Fire the Lou
We have the worst coaching staff in the NFL
Joe showing up every game and this happens. Poor guy.
Someday this team will play good football in all phases. Defense is horrid. Everyone looked open on every play and there was zero pressure
[Bengals D](https://imgur.com/gallery/ZRt2Unl)
ITS 3RD AND 1 WHY ARE WE NOT RUNNING IT
3&1 let’s force a pass
21-0 seems like a distant memory
I went from being the most happy I’ve been in awhile watching the bengals and now I’m the most pissed off I think I’ve been in years
Bengals are making Rivers look like Lamar Jackson
Nice we force a punt and get it on the .0001 yard line.
I've ever had less fun while being ahead in a game 😒
Even my dog knows Tee Higgins is a rookie from Clemons now.
LARGE RANDOLPH
Bullock fucked up and took that shit to heart. Been a beast since that day
Defense needs to step up now.
Stop sitting on the points lou and call some damn defense
Fuck we are back in zone and now they are fucking us with the run game
Maybe try playing Geno Atkins and Dunlap? This current line is fucking horrible
"Here it comes, that implosion we've been waiting for."
"Going into the 4th with all of our timeouts, that's new."
Our secondary literally can't cover anybody. Does anybody remember the last time a receiver on their team didn't catch the ball? They are always open...
What?!?!?!?!? That was bs!!
"During the post-game conference, someone needs to actually hold the coaching staff's feet to the fire."
Orange kinda sus huh
SUCK MY DICK YOU VIRILE OLD BASTARD
Big time play by a big time player
BY GAWD THATS JESSE BATES MUSIC
"Best safety in the league, get it right"
Knowing who we are is hard
WHEN IT MATTERS FATMAN
"""That play never works""

No shit, tell that to Taylor"
"Hi I’m Fat Randy and I love pie, cake, doughnuts and not kicking clutch field goals"
And the announcer booth goes nuts and proceeds to play up beat music. Lol. We really are a joke
"Taylor running plays that even audiences at home know ""don't work""."
This thread is cancer
"That sequence right there is why Zac is not a serious head coach. That is absolute cowardly play, not even trying to win."
FIRE ZAC FIRE ZAC NOW. WTF MAN
Taylor's 3rd and 1 playcalling is just brain dead.
"Zac had some good plays tht drive, 3rd and 1 u put it on a random guys shoulder instead of one of the Joes... ugh"
Absolutely no one near their #1 receiver
Fuck Taylor. I’m done with his shit coaching. Fuck him.
3rd and nine? Here comes a 16 yard wide open wr in the middle.
The fuck. Wide the fuck open every third down.
WIDE OPEN. LOU GIVES UP THIRD DOWNS EVERY TIME. GET HIM OUT OF HERE
Dude. This D CANNOT get off the field. 3rd and long literally means nothing.
Every fucking time they are wide open. Fucking Fire Lou
ARE ANY OF OUR COACHES QUALIFIED FOR THEIR JOB?
Honestly it’s not our offense they played good it’s our damn defense that cost us
Running Gio up the middle just isn't doing it. We're getting no push.
Love Gios pass blocking ability but we are wasting downs handing him the ball here late in the game
What a Bengal finish.
Fire the whole coaching staff. 0-16 on the road lmao
Welp. Still competitive. Closer to Sewell. On to next week.
This game is not on Joe. This game is on Lou and the defense.
Now thats the bengals I know
We're up 21-7 against the number 1 defense in the league and people in this thread acting like we already lost 😂.
Anyone who's ever watched a Bengals game knew Bullock was going to miss that FG lol.
I bet Marvin Lewis sits at home watching the Bengals every Sunday giggling his ass off like he did in his press conferences.
"Zac Taylor has never won on the road.

Fucking fire him. He is terrible"
Our free trial of having the lead has expired
I mean are we surprised. This is classic Bengals football. Lou went into prevent mode. ZT went run happy.
"Lou:

*Asks Madden*

Y: Tampa 2

X: Prevent 

A: Cover 2 Man

Smash that X button!!!!!!!!"
Not a catch!!
AM I WITNESSING A RUN GAME???
/r/FantasyFootball mad af
"OK Someone tell me they have that cartoon image of Gio. 

I need that in my life!"
O’ Doyle rulez! Put dem points up on that board!
Can we take a second to talk about Randy's stache
GOOD TACKLE
Look at all that time in the pocket
Graphic novel Joe Burrow looks nothing like Joe Burrow
The game plan today is looking to be much better than anything we've seen yet.
WHAT IS HAPPENING?
I think going for it on 4th and 1 is a good idea everytime even if it doesn’t work. Unless it’s for a lead taking FG very late.
Have a day Joe Burrow. Have a day.
"That slow-mo from the back of the end zone showed me the best thing I've seen all year. You could see it on their faces, every guy on the offensive line was going to war."
is it okay that I am fully erect right now?
"I'm loving what I'm seeing, I just hope this doesn't end in disappoint as always."
Who the fuck are these guys and where is the team I bitch about every week?
"Both the Offense and Defense are firing on all cylinders, we haven't had a complete game like this in awhile."
"Honestly gotta give the OLINE props this 1st quarter Burrow has had time and Mixon has had holes 

just got a false start as I’m typing this lmao"
"Okay, so question from a Colts fan: is this the first game where Burrow is clicking like this? To be honest I've kinda slept on how he's been in the NFL."
TEE HIGGINS HOLY SHIT
TEE HIGGINS YESSIR
Let’s fucking go!!!
Deep Balls Say What
Tee mother fucking Higgins!
"Honestly, the o-line has been great. This is what our offense will be like if they can just give Joe a little bit of time and Mixon some holes! So fun to watch!!"
"I’m neutral on zack, but does he get any credit for this start?"
These mfers are playing today. All around.
Holy shit we are not fucking around today.
5 FINGERS IN A GLOVE I DONT KNOW WHAT IT MEANS BUT I LOVE IT
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT DANCE OH MY GOD MIXON
I cant remember the last time we looked this good lol
That’s gonna be an awesome still photo
Is it physically safe to be this erect??? Help please.
As a bengals fan I can't help but already hate the clock
the Mixon dance to lose yourself is my mood
Goodness we just started the the 2nd. So much time left
Time to TEE up on Rivers and pass rush all game.  Dunlap and Lawson on each end every down.
"Shit call, but I’ll take it!"
So this is how it feels to have the refs on your side. I like it
PRATT is a stud
I’m still not sure I’m watching the right football game
"Baker Mayfields second pick today. 4/10 for 43 yards, 0 TDS 2 INTS. Dude crumbles anytime he plays a halfway decent defense, even with his stacked weapons"
How is that not an ejection?
"C’mon Fat Randy, you got this 47 yarder"
Wtf is our defense doing.
"Defense is playing soft; playing not to lose.

What the fuck is it about this team that they never can blow a team out and keep their foot on the gas? Been like this for decades."
Defense and offensive line apparently just taking the rest of the game off.
Phillips talent must have been wasted there when Burton ate his lunch.
Just gotta hope our offense continues to put points on the board
I knew better than to be happy. Lol. This is crazy.
There’s our defense ❤️
DP’s tweet pissed me off. He gets the playing time that he should bc guys are better than him. He’s not some super star
The play calling on defense is not helping anything.
Boyd fucked all of that. So dumb
Boyd was so fucking stupid for running backwards
Can we guard the fucking flats
I think the bengals should change their name to the “Cincinnati Missed Opportunities” and their new logo can be a sad face 🙁
We always give up points at the end of the half too.
Wide open. Wide open. Wide open. Every fucking play
"ah the good ol ""let's lose"" zone"
Some of the softest coverage I’ve ever seen
Why the fuck are we playing zone?
"Jesus christ, the entire team took the 2nd quarter off. This is fucking ridiculous"
About fucking time we pressure. Jesus H. Macy.
"Hey guys, remember when the bengals let them right back in the game?"
By Law we have to give up points in the last 2 minutes of the half
"Ah, there's the Bengals.

Fuck this"
The bengals are back!!!  I was starting to get worried we might win today.
We gave up 270 yards to rivers in one half. Fuckin pathetic
Stop calling timeouts in the 2 minute drill!!!! It doesn't fucking work!!
Some of the worst defense the last 3 drives. Fuck this prevent zone d. God damnit
Colts offensive strategy:  find #38 Sims and throw it his way.
This wet dream is becoming a nightmare.
"Yeah, let’s not throw it to AJ in tight windows. Dude will not catch it"
What a terrible play call on 3rd and short
How tf did old man rivers find a way outta that pile
"I've never seen more ""How the fuck is that not a sack"" moments from a team"
"Imo if we capitalize we can win, if we don't it's a wrap"
Whelp might as well just punt it back to them
BOMB IT TO CHAD!
Fat man can kick
these soft-ass zones are not going to get anything done.
Defense is fucking gassed
lmao baker got pulled
Man Sims getting torched today
How many dt are we gonna lose this year?
“Colts havent led this game”🤦‍♂️
"We had all of these creative blitzes against Lamar last week, where did they go? Rivers clearly gets rattled by pressure, yet Lou keeps rushing 3-4 backup lineman who don’t do shit."
Thank god I chose to drink today or else I'd be pissed.  We were up 21 0 wtf!!  Lol
My friend said he wished it was a close game when we were up 21 0.  It's his fault everyone
Bengals inability to cover TEs transcends coaching staff/roster
Our DC is so bad. How did he call that Baltimore game now this? Looks like two different defenses.
"Hey guys, remember when it was 21-0?"
Can we cut Bobby yet? Thats 3 today
And now there gonna score and when they do that I’m just walking away
Joe Burrow is a Picasso hanging in a mobile home.
FINALLY. I’ve been waiting for Rivers to throw a bad pass all game
Jessie catching better balls than our receivers lol
Welcome to the Bates Motel
JESSIE BASED!
"*Interception by Bates!*

Me: Don't do that..don't give me hope."
Holding wtf!
O-line was just trusted with a flea flicker. Hot potato!
"fastest executed flea flicker i've seen, damn"
Fat Randy strikes again.
the FB dive is money on Madden tho.. just sayin
Are you fucking kidding me? Why wouldn't you go for it?
rAnDy BuLlOcK nEveR gEts tHe ReSpEcT hE DeSeRvEs
Can we just get Old Man Phil on the ground once?
"Hey guys it’s 3rd down, all we need is Lou to leave every receiver wide fucking open yet again"
God if we score and leave them even a minute we're beaned
???????????
No road game win since 2018? WTF Bengals
"Positives is AJ, better o-line performance and bates"
We can’t rely on Burrow to be perfect to win. no reason for this game to be this close.
Fat Randy.... if he made that FG we would not have had to take a risk like that on the next drive. Mind you that would of resulted in another FG....
underthrown sure but BRUH
I don’t get the people complaining about the toxicity like it isnt completely warranted. The areas we suck at we have sucked at for a while now and haven’t done what normal competent teams do to improve
#MY HANDS!!! WHAT DO I DO WITH MY HANDS???
"Darius Phillips - ""Don't waste talent""  
  
Bro what talent"
Vikings down 20-0 against the inept falcons. I imagine Zimmer gets fired this year. We could desperately need him at D coordinator
Maybe don’t blow a 21-0 lead next time guys
I think an 18 game road lose record requires a new coach.
It kills me Auden Tate isn’t playing today. We need his presence!
TD GIO!!!
The color of the field is really fucking with my picture. It's like watching the game through a screen door. Lots of artifacting and jaggies everywhere. Need some anti-aliasing.
"Old man Gio, gotta love it"
Trey Hopkins blocked 3 dudes on that play
"Big time. Broadcaster said it best, “What a great start for our offensive line.”"
The skeleton of AJ Green doing work today
"Let it be known that Sunday October 11, 2020 was the final loss in Bengals franchise history!!"
So indy is a good team right? Like a top tier defense and such? I'm just making sure because the only time the offense has looked good has been against the jags who suck
HOLY SHIT WE'RE PLAYING BALL TODAY
BIG DICK BURROW LETS FUCKING GO
YEA BURROW SHOW OFF THAT RUSHING BABY
"For once, I am glad we can all enjoy our Sunday collectively. My gf is getting this pennyroll tonight if we keep playing this way!"
Almost shit myself thinking Covington was gonna pick that.
Does anybody here work at the sharonville micro Center that can leak information on when the 3080s are going to be in stock? I know that's due to the back order from Nvidia and AIBs but I'm sure they give you a time period. Literally bought the rest of my PC now I'm just waiting on the 3080.
Uh oh if he gets the deep ball going too!!!
Fuck yeah!!!!!!!
TEE HIGGINS!!!
MY COCK IS ROCK
Someone got this team a bottle of Michael’s secret stuff after last week
84-0 confirmed today
Michael Jordan is manhandling Deforest Buckner
(Yo is the offensive line playing... Good?)
Hope we keep the pedal to the metal. Don’t wanna see our offense get conservative
thats so brilliant how TY starts the drag before the catch... i couldnt imagine the concentration
"If we stop them from getting 6 here, that's a win."
I’m hoping we don’t lose momentum on the other side of the ball
At least give it to Taylor there for my fantasy team😤
I benched joe in fantasy. No wonder he’s doing well.
These announcers are such Colts homers
Bobby Hart was literally a pylon on that play
Suplex? What the fuck
If bobby hart is just gonna stand there and watch the game put him on the sideline
That reminds me of the time the undertaker threw mankind 25 feet into announcers table in hell in a cell....
"Jesus Christ, Brock Lesnar, let's cool it out there"
SUPLEX CITY
Wtf happened. Now we look like normal
Getting bailed out by the colts lack of discipline... Gotta capitalize on it
Turn down the fake crowd white noise nonsense please
I'll take 3
"Way to go, Obese Randall."
Why is no one talking about Bullocks Hitler stache haha
Browns down 24
Mixon questionable to return
damn rip tyler eifert hurt again
Why are they so wide open?!
Colts have adjusted. Fuck.
Lack of communication....you dont say
Fuck got bailed and still blew it
Penalties the only reason this isn't a one score game
second play in a row 2 D players broke at the same guy. def miscommunication going on
NO MIXON NO
Up 21 nothing at one point to now feeling like we need a touchdown before the half. Sigh......
Got that feeling our defense is going to choke
"That’s why you go down at the sticks, kids. 1st down compared to punt."
Why is he cutting back just take the first and move on
I never liked Rivers
Phillip Rivers throws the ball like he lacked a strong male influence growing up.
Can we all agree this zone coverage is not working?
Why do we still insist on playing this zone defense?
SOFT ZONES ALL DAY WHAT THE FUCK
I hate zone defense so much.
This is not an NFL coaching staff. Not even close.
"This quarter has been all you really need to know about this team and specifically their coaches. 

Holy fucking shit, fire Zac and Lou already."
Can we piss off with the zone d? We have been shown so many times that this defense can't do it
"If I was Taylor, I would tell Anarumo that if he calls for the zone defense one more time during this game, I will fire him on the spot."
Time to abandon the zone
lmao rivers got scared
"That was a well designed blitz, we should do it more often."
"well on the bright side, at least we usually make good second half adjustments?"
Hello darkness my old friend...
And with only 15 seconds left in the half. My god.
Truly horrible and disgustingly predictable
Lmao 234 second half passing yards it's not even our linebackers under the problem it's the shitty defensive line that can't get pressure and our secondary that can't cover shit. Rivers is going to throw for fucking 500 yards today.
It's amazing how so many people within an organization can be so inept and still keep their jobs.
It was a fun first quarter
Why tf doesn’t the D just disobey Lou calls and be like nah fuck that shit his calls never work
Whatever that was in the 2nd quarter doesn't count as a defense.
Any update on Mixon?
Wait is a player allowed to cover a RB in the flat? Has someone told Lou?
"fuck it, I'm just glad we put points up and looked like a football team for a fleeting moment"
Zero pressure on the QB and soft coverage is working great keep it up guys
What a lucky ass bounce
99 yard td incoming??
Higgins in double coverage
Tee Higgins is a beast
That was a good design on that gio run
Good thing we didn't need that FG to win the game.
Randy has completed his redemption arc imo
Randolph “Justin Tucker” Bullock
"I served Fat Randy some drinks a few years ago at my bar, and he was not the nicest guy, nor was he an above-average tipper. But, idgaf about any of that as long as he keeps bangin them thangs between the uprights."
I want to punch Philip Rivers so hard if he do that pew pew pew again
The Bengals squad we all know is back 😬😬😬
first lead of the day for colts but why does it lowkey feel like we’ve been down lmao depressin’ let’s go O
Fire Lou hire wade Phillips
"Uhhh, the ball very clearly popped out of his hands when he landed and was rolling around while he was sliding out of bounds...."
Do I go rake leaves now or stick around to see us piss away a lead and lose by one possession.
"Colts fans were calling for Rivers to get benched...says a lot about our defense. Scheme is shit. Guys are open all over the field, you can’t make me believe our coverage is just that bad, this reeks of not making adjustments."
Yikes. They are who we thought they were.
21-0 feels like a decade ago
That's game over. At least the offense looked good today! Progress.
"A very predictable collapse, as always."
We just lost this fucking game.
BATES!!!
Jessie Bates!!!! Pay this man!
You guys think we can milk this drive to the end of the game and kick a field goal? 😂
#ISSA FLEA FLICKER
Lol wow some ballsy play calling for once.
THATS MY WR
CLASSIC BENGALS.
Why you always gotta get so cute ZT just punch that shit
Shitty coaching puts you in that position. Terrible play call on 3rd and fat Randy chokes again when it matters
Why weren’t we aggressive and go for 4th and 1??
"I have a feeling that if he hasn’t already, burrow will lose all respect for Taylor as a coach after this season"
Zac Taylor looking to keep his perfect record in 1 score games
fat Randy is an absolute bum under pressure.
"I am not even mad at Randy, should go for it"
"Im always more worried on 3rd and 1 than 3rd and long. Then after we didnt complete it I said “yeah now Randy’s gunna miss because this kick matters”   
  
Ill admit Cincy, you got me at first after we went up 21-0, but you gotta get more creative with these late game heart breakers youre too predictable"
And they will continue to gain chunk yardage and run the clock down. We lost this one with 15 seconds left in the first half.
Both Taylor and Lou making as desperate a case as possible to lose their jobs.
HOW YOU GONE LET A RECEIVER BE WIDE OPEN LIKE THAT ON 3&8
Ok Lou needs to go
third down might as well be a 15 yard penalty
Colts kicker totally into science.
Can I order up a little of that Burrow magic please?
"This is starting to look familiar, Burrow got this today. AJ and Tee with big plays on this drive, watch"
these announcers are so annoying
I'll never wrap my head around gio over mixon
Zac can you run back that RB handoff fake to a blazing Tee Higgins reverse coming the other way again please
AJ Motherfucking Green
"Some good takeaways from the day, but another disappointment from the Bengals"
This is Zacs Magnum Opus. A masterpiece of incompetence.
The coaching staff will try to use the late pick to overshadow how they blew a 21 point lead.
"I don’t know how you’re 0-16 on the road and don’t make any adjustments anywhere. Our offense pieces (minus the line) are fine, our defense can get it together sometimes, but as a whole we just can’t win for the life of us"
These commentators are dying not being able to talk shit about us today.
"If Tez had done that, the commentators would have been calling it a dirty hit without talking about how cool it looked and lamenting how “soft” the league has become."
"3rd and 1 and they set up in shotgun, telegraphing pass.

Fuck Zac Taylor."
Why are we running with 2 minutes left needing a TD? The fuck is Taylor doing?
Blew a 21 point lead... Someone has to go
I can’t believe people this week were saying Hebert was better than Burrow🤢🤢🤢
AJ was open damn
Holy shit aj was wide too.
"Another ZT timeout call... another huge play given up.

Every day is fkn Groundhog Day with this team"
Damn a lil more air and thats a touch. Still could caught that ball tho AJ
"Bobbled it, out of bounds"
Name a more iconic duo then “4 man rush and burrow is sacked”
HOW DO NFL OFFENSIVE COACHES STILL NOT REALIZE RUNNING ON 3RD AND SHORT WHEN THE DEFENSE EXPECTS IT DOES NOT WORK WHEN YOU HAVE A BAD OFFENSIVE LINE. YOU ABSOLUTE MORON.
"Not exactly a Bengals fan just a Burrow fan, I feel so bad for anyone that truly cares for this team, my condolences"
Catching a vibe in Indianapolis - vodka redbulls at 1130am 👀👀 feeling a big win today
Why do I still get excited for game day? Here's to no injuries and maybe pulling an upset. Who Dey!
Lmao they're gonna find a way to overturn it aren't they? F it all
that's definitely a fumble dude literally turned upfield lol
"Commercial  break.

Gotta get that ad revenue"
Clearly a fumble. So they'll give the ball to Indy. I know how this works.
Hey look at that they remembered they have one of the best running backs in the league. They're actually giving him plays!
Joe’s accuracy is a thing of beauty
GIO :3
"So our O line is not completely pieces of craps, and can actually push people around and open holes for running? What the world I am living in?"
:{3
"Yo Hopkins looked great on that TD run. I’m impressed. Dude blocked the down lineman then came up in the hole and blocked the LB as well.

Edit: at the same time. Both dudes. Same time."
Wow I hate these FOX player drawings
Feels like I’m watching real football today boys!
AJ Green the TANK
Green heard y’all
Joe is playing ANGRY
Where the fuck has this team been?
"Ladies & gentleman, there has been a glitch in the matrix."
Demoralize ‘em! We score every possession!
Is this the same team?!
"Colts can’t pound with Taylor now, Rivers gonna make some bad choices playing catch up"
Everybody get in here!!
Hey uhhh. Am I the only person here in NKY who isn't getting the game on Fox? I mean...wtf
WJ3
Penalties are for lame-o's!
I'm unsure if my hatred for The Masked Singer is rational or irrational.
10 carries for Mixon in the first 😍😍😍
INJECT THAT IN MY VEINS
I love Higgins.
TEEEEEEEE
That was sick!!
TEEEEEEEEE
LOVE TO SEE JOE TAKE SOME DEEP SHOTS
Holy fucking shit!
T HIGGGSSSSS
12-3-1 INCOMING
Can every game be on Fox from now on?
That’s the play we’ve been waiting for
Higgens doing that Clemson thang lets go. Utilize him for the deep balls like he did in Tigertown and he can do it here
I don’t know what’s happening but I like it
"Dalton bengals, good pass for TD dropped on 3rd and 1 on 3 yd line, result: missed 4th conv. or FG

Burrow bengals, good pass for TD dropped on 3rd and 1 on 3 yd line, result:  Fine ill just run it in on 4th - Touchdown

&#x200B;

thats the difference guys."
I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MY HANDS
*Happy Who Dey noises*
THE O-LINE IS GOING TO FCKING WAR
Alright who is this team! My god that was a team effort to get Mixon
Lmao at that dance
We are turning and fuckin BURNIN in the trenches rn
Holy shit! I think I love football!
What's going on? I don't recognize this team
"Hate giving Jim Turner credit, but, uh, the line is playing well(!?)"
Mixon might be short ngl
"Damn I gotta start showing up to every bengals game now, we’re killing em"
Have i woke up in some sort of alternate universe?
"Genuine question, are the colts good? Or is this just an easy win like the Jags game. 
I see that we’re playing on fucking form. I’m just wondering where the colts stand?"
EVen the refs are on our side!
#GROUND AND POUND WITH JOE AND GIO
This game might make me go into labor
"As a Tottenham fan, can I plead to all of you to please not unclench until the game is over."
"Hell of a play by TY there

Wish we got him back in the day"
That's close. They could call it either way.
Not used to everything going our way
That was a catch lol
"Off topic but why do we have Thomas instead of Ross in, they both seem to have questionable hands so might as well take the fast boi"
Pain inbound
"Christ, when was the last time Rivers slung it like that?"
That was too easy
Just don't go 3 and out here...
Bobby Hart got beat
Bobby fucking lazy shit Hart
Suplex
Lol dude straight up suplexed him
"Holy shit I just watched ""NFL Suplex Tackle Compilation"" on Youtube last night lol"
"That’s on burrow, gotta throw that away"
Randy getting a workout today!
Jesus Fat Randy is putting on more weight as the year goes on I feel like
Randy the Reliable
Where was Mixon that drive? He's not hurt is he?
These announcers are trash
Stop running a zone
Why are the Bengals so deathly afraid of blitzing? Jesus christ he has ALL DAY TO PASS.
Too easy.
They really thought rivers was gonna try to run that in lol. Everybody fell for that
Defense can't stop shit all of a sudden
"Damn, we really gonna lose this game"
Well we had a good D for a quarter! Improvement.
"Of course. Strap in, here we go"
Look at all that talent
So if they Bengals lose this game with that lead....is Lou gone?
This team like wtf
Please get a stop to end the half..
Getting a stop here is enormous. Get the ball to start the second
Boyd dropped it cause he got hit in the head lol had nothing to do with the tackle
Lol at least we learned how to pay the refs
We get absolutely no pressure
"Those pick plays are so cheap and stupid. This isn't basketball. It should be a penalty whether the contact is on purpose or not.

Same as block in the back."
Wtf was that debate promo?
Rivers just picking apart the Zone D
Pass rush is non existent
Gotta love the zone
Keep blitzing
"I love that blitz call, thats a guts call"
"Just watched the ball. No attempt to break it up. Just wow. Someone punch me in the face, please."
What a fucking surprise
L
Sims is getting rolled up and smoked
Baby’s first shootout
It’s amazing that it feels like this team gave up when LEADING
The only thing we’ve done consistently all year besides losing is actually making halftime adjustments
"No pass rush, pussy pass coverage. Rivers will torch us if we don't make adjustments"
"Sigh, let’s not use our amazing RB in 3rd and 1s.  If they score here games over"
"Other than TY Hilton these are fucking NO NAME scrubs sticking it in us. 

This is pathetic on so many levels."
Making Phillip Rivers look like Lamar Jackson
Oh lawd that field position.
Joe has got to put something together here. Offense has been stagnant since that fast TD.
Glad we invested into our defense instead of into our offensive line 🙄
Put this away Bengals. I got errands to run!
Ok chill Joe he's not elite yet
The THICC boiii does it again
Randy redemption arc!
Browns getting punched in the dick
Colts taking the lead here 😳
They r literally strolling thru our defense
This coaching staff always shows it can’t win close games
"Hey Bengals can the Offense and Defense play competent today?

Offense, take it or leave it."
Surely leshaun sims gets cut after this game
Hey that was man to man
Second half defense is awful
Didn’t even review that...
Our defense isn't even playing terrible rivers is throwing fucking dimes. It is pissing me off he has 4 touchdowns and 5 picks going into this game and is playing like he is in his prime
Right side of the line is fucking garbage.
Can we just play without the right side of our line? Wouldn't that give us more options?
Thats game
Chance of winning the game? Ha! Let me show you the power of our coaching staff!
IM SO FUCKING HYPED
Bruh what a pick
Bates probably just saved Lou's job. I can't even be excited.
I love you Jessie.
Master bates!
"jessie bates, let's fuckin goooooo"
Oh these fucking cardiac cats
THANK YOU JESSIE BATES
Let’s go Jessie!!
What do you know... the only player worth a damn on defense made a play
Suddenly have the urge to get a Bates jersey
Jesse Bates gonna Jesse Bates.
Jesse Bates our only player who leaves it all out there every game
"Bad teams take note, Bill O’Brien was canned and team is night and day. 🤔"
AJ can't get a flag for shit this year
Why didn’t we go for that
I love Randy so much. But cmon man
"Pussies. That’s what happens when you make Randy kick long field goals over and over, it’s one fucking yard just sack up and trust your offense to get it goddamnit"
Randy is legit one of the most unclutch kickers I've seen.
Honestly wondering what it would take for Zac Taylor to get fired
2 good drives by the offense from deep in their own territory. Let them finish it. Backing down twice in a row for field goals is just cowardly
"Randy should've made that kick, but I'm more disappointed in this second half playcalling."
Zac Taylor doesn't have a ball sack
It's like clockwork. Hold them down for two plays then relax on third down. Burn it all down after this game. We had it 21-0. This is just humiliating.
"Fuck it Lou just gives up another 3rd down, great job out there.

Edit: the bengals did what is commonly called “defense” in the National Football League"
Back to back 3rd downs no one covers the flat
"""third down"" again"
We need to score here or it's goodnight.
Losing after being up 21-0 is only on the coaching staff.
Fuck taylor. How do you totally waste 1st down in 4 down territory? Unacceptable
BIG TIME AJ. way to step up
Could’ve been a 1 point game 🤦‍♂️
Pain
"Every fucking week it’s the same. Doesn’t matter who plays or who coaches, nothing ever changes"
Bruh
We fucking suck.
Absolutely pathetic
Remember how much fun this game was to watch during the first quarter?
Fat Randy folds under even the smallest of pressure.
"Oh, it's a FG kick for a lead? Guaranteed shank. Fat Randy can't handle the smallest of pressure."
Fire Taylor tonight.
"Anarumo's defense is far worse than Austin's and he didn't get fired until November.

Buckle up, boys. This could be awhile..."
WHY DO WE NOT HAVE THE BALLS TO GO FOR IT TAYLOR IS AN INCOMPETENT CHODE FOR FUCKS SAKE
Listen I thought we could win and we were winning big time and I'm not trying to sound pessimistic but unless there's some serious halftime adjustments they figured out our defense and are going to butt-fuck us the rest of the game because their receivers are always open. That given the fact Rivers isn't being pressured at all is a killer. Please make halftime adjustments Zac. Specifically to the defense to quit making them play zone bullshit have maybe one cornerback zone but the rest man and safeties at a safe distance and make sure the linebackers are preparing for the throw and run and the lineman pushed forward no matter what. I make it sound as simple as like I'm a fucking coach but God damn it that's football and that's what I learned playing Madden so I'm pretty much Bill Belichick
"It all comes down to Zac's lack of aggression and winning attitude. Same as I would scream throughout the Marvin epoch, you cannot kick field goals in short yardage situations. The team is 9/10 on fourth, got one earlier in the game and scored a touchdown on the drive. They avoided it in the second half and it absolutely cost us that game."
Sensible. Safe yards kick a FG
"Tyler Boyd fucked that up royally. Get the first down. Nope, lets go backwards then fumble and make it 3rd and long. Lucky it wasnt even worse there.

Colts take the lead before 4th quarter. Book it"
Fire Lou like at half pls
"Colts fan coming in peace. This game is one hell of a dumpster fire. 
Go reds."
Major hold on the left side of the line there
Burrow made his name from moments like this. Have faith my brothers.
Awful call- put the game in Joe’s hands to see if he delivers.
Gio up the middle is the biggest waste of a down I’ve ever seen. How is that not obvious to an nfl head coach?
#SameDey
"Welp, another 3 hours of watching burrow get his ass kicked because of Bobby Harts nonsense"
Already told myself if we go down big I'm just gonna hop on cod lmao so if anyone wants to play let me know!
Yep that's definitely a fumble our ball guys.
#BENGAL’S BALL!
Imagine fumbling when no one touched you
Just feed the man we are an exponentially better team when Mixon eats
TD
The stache! Touchdown
I don't understand. This is looking like a competent football team.
"Holy shit we’re playing today 

I thought we were just going to show up 

LETS GO"
9 to 85 may be our new 9 to 18
Dude. This O-line is actually pass blocking? I must still be asleep and dreaming.
"AJ, I’ve missed you!"
AJ SIGHTING
AJ IS BACK BROS
Mixon should’ve went around the pile
Aj coming alive today?
Some of these camera angles are kinda whack
love seeing the o-line give joe more than 1 second to throw
Boyd is such a fucking stud.
AIRBNB
They're going to make a point of getting the ball to AJ today
This is actually fun to watch
Go for it pussies
This is big boy football today
Someone wake up Indianapolis and tell them the game has started.
This feels like a QAnon conspiracy
Let’s go man. Bringing it today.
"what the fuck is this team that i’m watching...


i’m so confused

overwhelmed"
nice catch by bobby hart on that td celebration
fuck yes! This is actually fun
Hopkins is playing so well today
I love our quarterback
Get that OROY lead back!!!
Let's gooooooo
"No 2nd and long runs, drawing quick passes so Joe doesn’t stay in the pocket too much, Zac is finally learning"
[deleted]
Big Covington in coverage
Whos team is this?
Another third down stop! Let’s go!
"is this what they call ""f o o t b a l l"""
Our (Colts) defense is looking...uhhhh...less than ideal
"Turnover, 2 TDs, 2 three and outs. And it's not even the second quarter yet. I like these guys."
Sweet Tee baby!
Beautiful play
Is it 2015? Am I dreaming?
"Did the broadcaster want to say Dee Higgins? Damn, Dee Wiggins is still in college."
Who are these people and where are the bengals?!
Seriously who is this team?
Did not realize you can step out of bounds with both feet and come back in to make the tackle ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
"If I were around you guys, I would buy each of you a fucking beer!!! God damn I am hyped!"
21-0 WHAT THE FUC
Tf is happening
Mixon tryin to Riverdance lol?
What the hell happened to the offensive line? They are the MVP so far.
The in network official always is wrong lol
What has happened!? They let that call stand!?
Dean always wants calls against us so I’m loving this and the fumble call
Holding there on return team.
"Shout out Randy, mans been automatic since the double hammy cramp debacle"
Nice of Fox to use the weekly Colts broadcast team....
Is this what it's like when football is fun?
Phillips is a lot like Dre without the penalties
well looks like Philip Rivers pep talk worked
Run and pass balance. They got this
And the rollout play success rate continues at 0%
Taylor get these stupid ass bootlegs outta here its week 6 and it hasn't worked once.
"Why in JFC is Michael Thomas EVER ona football field??

Use Erickson ffs"
Hell of a block from Thomas tho!!!
Dude. These flags are saving our drives. Lol.
lmao these announcers get so excited when the colts make a play
I’ll take 15 WWE style any day
Brock Lesnar would've been proud of that German suplex tho
"Unnecessary, but a beautiful German suplex"
Automatic from 32 yards out
Lol Browns
Score every possession
lowkey WJ3 should have like 3 flags by now lmao
Why the hell do you rush three and play a zone on 3rd and long?
How the hell do they give up that screen
Alexander out there doing the no fly zone signal after not doing anything. Is he really just Dre Kirkpatrick in disguise?
What the hell are we doing here?
joe mixon right foot injury questionable to return 😭
Anarumo has become the Bobby Hart of coordinators. A guy who has no business being in his position but for some reason the Bengals keep going with them.
Was a first down and he ran backwards...doing too much
how do you not pick that lmaooo
This is Bob Bratowski levels of offensive regression.
"Welp, it was fun while it lasted.

See you guys next week!^/s ^maybe"
Wow. We sure can fall apart quickly.
Here's the bengals we are used to
Wide open every play
We need an edge rusher badly
Fuck Lou
Maybe try something other than zone on every third down?
There’s the defense we know and love
"Guys aren’t just open, they’re wide open"
Our defense fucking sucks this week
God damn do I love me some prevent zone
There are multiple receivers wide open on every Colts passing play.
Just keep em to 3 D please
I’m seeing multiple routes open for colts receivers. It’s concerning.
💩💩💩
My god
So do we take a knee when we get the ball?
Defence is for losers
What a catch. Fuck my life
Ugh as a Bengals fan living in Indy...
Experience Bengals football
Sims gets fucking burned on every play
Honestly guys if we all go down there you think we could hold them to less touchdowns then our D
"We’ve never called a TO before a 3rd and long and it gone our way. In fact, sometimes it leads to a TD. Not surprised in the least"
At least we scored more than 3 this time :\^)
One thing I will say is Davis-Gaither has been doing good today
"Setting what has happened aside, I do think we’ll make half-time adjustments. But I also expect the Colts to continue to adjust as well. So I guess we’ll see..."
"I'm just happy Joe bounced back, I was worried he'd be shaky after last week, I don't really mind if we lose maybe we'll fire Lou after his what third blown big lead this year?"
Imagine if calls weren't going our way. They would definitely have scored at least 10 more points & we would be down right now.
Anybody got a clip of the German Suplex from earlier?
I miss OP Wilson :(
Hand the ball to JOE
Shouldve just ran it
Everyone wave bye to the lead. FUCK
I swear the colts didn’t adjust to a damn thing they played the same first and second quarter. What happened to us?
Big play right here
Fuck
Our defense man.  Just why.  It's either one or the other never both
Crazy Legs Rivers
Starting at the 1? I smell disaster.
I love how AJ is relevant and clutch in this game
AJ redemption arc coming boys
"Does anyone else just close their eyes during a play and hope when you open them something good happened?

Edit: I’ve done it twice on third down, worked both times"
AJ huzzah
what a ball what a catch
Tee Higgins is the fucking future.
Aj with his best game so far!
Anyone else think the plays have been a lot more creative in the last few weeks? We’re finally starting to see the misdirection we thought we would see all along.
Straight up idk how Bernard goes better up the middle than Mixon
FAT RANDY
Where's the bullock haters now
"I'm glad randy made that, but you've got to go for it there Zac. Come on bro"
Fat Randy has become Clutch Randy!
Love seeing Mixon run up the gut for 2 yards.
D still tired from last week.
I want to punch the announcer on the left in the face.
"Feeling deflated a bit now, but I think we got this"
I'm not the only one who saw this coming right
Well we're playing from behind now which it's what we're used to so maybe that is an advantage.
Outcoached every game. Jeeeeeesus
Not a TD.
that's not a catch!
Bengals played good in the first qtr. It's a shame they decided phone the rest of the game in...
It's really Burrow and Herbert vs their defenses huh
Obviously biased but that was not a catch lol
Falcons the greatest 0-5 team of all time lmao
Guys the Vikings suck. They might fire mike zimmer and we could get him as out defensive coordinator
This is all so familiar
Fuck the Colts for giving us hope
Please fire the whole staff after this loss. So fucking embarrassing
Jesus
"When a Zac Taylor led Bengals team implodes, boy do they ever"
Redman with the false start then held his guy and still gave up the sack lol
Good job oline. False start and 2 second sack within 20 seconds.
FUCK YEAH
Bates should just go over and punch Lou right in the face.
"Classic rivers, praise be"
LETS GO JESSIE
That was a nice catch by bates.
What a fucking catch!!
LETS GO
Interception! Let’s go!!
B3 get it
"Hell yes, Master Bates!"
JESSIE SAVES
YEEHAW FUCKERS SEE YOU AT THE SUPERBOWL
LETS GOO WE BETTER PAY THIS MAN
All pros gonna all pro
That was a hold
If we don’t score a TD on this drive I think that is game
Flea Flicker
"Flick that flea!

Edit: sounds dirty"
THE RAZZLE DAZZLE
Flea flicker! Cool fucking play mab
Breaking out the old flea flicker
What a catch!!!
Aj fucking green
Highlight reel
The Resurrection of AJ Green
OH FOR FUCKS SAKE
Randy is not clutch
RANDY YOU FAT SON OF A BITCH!
Is it too hard to just run it up the middle with Mixon...
"This isn’t Tecmo Bowl, you have more than two running plays you can call there dipshits."
He should have gone for it
"You play to lose and you lose, that simple"
Why run a FB dive? And then why not go for it? Zac is a coward
"3rd and 1 run the ball with a running back who’s never touched the ball this season

4th and 1 kick a field goal to take a 2 point lead against a terrifying offense

and they miss it"
Zac Taylor needs to grow some fucking balls and learn to sometimes go for it on 4th and 1.
If we don't run a freaking fullback Dive on 3rd and 1 were not in a position for Fat Randy to have to hit that
Zac kills offensive momentum so quickly
Phillips and Sims playing hard for worst Bengals player of the game.
Totally not holding on the O-line.
Glad to see we’re not wasting Darius Phillips’ talent
Don't waste talent
It’s hard to blitz corners when your guys in coverage have absolutely no fucking idea what their area of responsibility is.
"Give fans glimpse of hope then crush it and Cincinnati Bengals, name a more iconic duo!"
Please no zone D
People here actually thought our defense was good.
Please just fire Lou and I will be so happy I’ll buy 10 jerseys I swear
Alright offense has some momentum.   Let's get em
Tyler Boyd has been completely absent in the second half. Get him the ball
gg boys tough day
Life is hard as a Bengals fan
Coaching staff sucks
Good thing we KICKED THOE FUCKING FGS
Players are gonna be entertaining this week.
Why in the ever loving fuck is AJ not in on 3rd down and 5 when it's do or die? I'm sorry but heads gotta be rolling after this week.
Tank for sewell
Hello darkness my old friend
"Green needs to go get the ball, not let the ball get to him. Should’ve been a catch"
"""wHeRe ArE tHe RaNdY hAtErS nOw???"" 

Just waiting on another important kick for him to miss!"
Anybody else already jizz a milk gallon’s worth!?
Why do the announcers sound so happy when the colts do something but when they looked bad they sounded almost sad
Damn dont suplex my guy wtf
Slightly underthrown but still landed in the breadbasket gotta make that catch
Bullock is such a choker
"Welp we lost, I’m turning off the game and making hot dogs who wants some?"
"Blame the coaching on that one, surprise right? 3rd down and hand it off to who? Who is that? Then let Randy kick the field goal he is prone for missing. Yeah, sorry.. this isn’t it folks."
I bet bengals first to 30 with great odds at +1100. Actually had a good feeling about this game. It was 21-0 in the first half...
"You have beaten Kitchens, Gase, and Marrone. You suck."
"For the Burrow/offense haters right now, that was the best defense in football. The Bengals torched them. They were gonna make their plays. Our defense just didn’t make theirs."
"Welp

We better score every series if our secondary's gonna look like that lol"
What do I do with my hands?
"Yeah, that’s a catch. All day."
lmao the colts announcer loves that? wtf could’ve hurt someone
And now 4 man rushes are killing us. It was fun though
Taylor is the Nathan Peterman of coaches
This guy is pathetic with his joe hate.  Shut the fuck up dude lol
Fuck Zac Taylor. Fuck Lou Anarumo. Fuck anyone still defending these guys and their jobs.
Should’ve went for it. Good on Randy for making it but god damn the pussy ass play calling is killing me
AJ is afraid to jump... its official. that catch earlier he was afraid to stretch out and extend into the catch or he woulda had some serious YAC
Lou is actually going to lose this game for us. Wtf
"God damn get Taylor the FUCK out of here

Incompetent loser"
ZT needs to be fired. Playcall is horrendous
Time for one of those famous burrow game winning drives
Your services are no longer needed coach Taylor
"Fire Taylor and his entire wretched coaching staff. I refuse to attribute anything good about this game to him. It was all Burrow I’m so mad rn and probaly wrong about this but I’m PISSED 

(Except for Darrin Simmons that sweet prince ought to be crowned)"
"DeForest Buckner and Justin Houston are going to have a field day against Hart and Redmond, I’m scared for Joe"
First play of the game should be a pass to Ross to get his confidence going right away
Am I the only one who feels irrationally awkward when an AFC game shows up on FOX?
"WHO DEY!!! Enjoy the moment folks, we don't know what gonna happen next but enjoy the moment!"
Ugh fuck the steelers
Arm tackles still on the menu
“He’s only broken 3 tackles all year!”
Defense off to a predictable start...
Let’s go!!!
Omg let’s go!
We need to capitalize on this.
Doyle loves fumbling against us
Anybody else think indy’s turf looks weird.
FUMBLE
"My wife says I need to go pick up prescriptions otherwise she will divorce me, but here I am sitting and watching Bengals, don't let me down!"
Wtf Mixon got horsecolllared
Let’s get this run game going !
I guess guys coming through the A gap are Burrow’s fault.
SLANT GOD
Being able to get Mixon going early changes the entire offense.
Burrow expected Higgins to fade instead of cross
>
Giooooooooooooo
:3333333
Wow a solid opening drive and a redzone td all after a turnover? I'll take that for sure
Bengals actually playing football today? I’m in
Good start me likey
I'll never forget freezing my ass off in the rain to sit in the nosebleeds to watch Philip Rivers and the Chargers beat us in the playoffs. Fuck Philip Rivers.
"Ride the wave, baby!"
They put jj watts arm on that Joey b cartoon lol
AJ Green quadruple covered telling them Colts to fuck off
ADRIEL JEREMIAH
DAMN AJ SAID SUCK MY DICK I'M NOT DONE YET!
Zac Taylor’s first ever road win today?
I want an AJ 100+ yards 1 TD game
Made it look easy
AJ AJ AJ
GO FOR IT
Mixon is gonna have a good game...i can feel it
WHAT IS HAPPENING
I haven’t felt this way since 2015
What a terrible drop that was
AM i dreaming????? 14.0
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MY HANDS
Let’s put up 40+
FUCK YES
Hell yeah! Let's keep it up!
Is this our “On to Indianapolis” game? Because I am all for it!
"Zacs gameplan is good

Couple of good schemed up looks that make the o line look decent."
"I don’t know why or how the o-line is blocking so well, but when they can open some run lanes and give Burrow a little time, this offenses fucks."
"This defense is sneaky good, y’all. I love our young LB corps."
That Philip Rivers drawing scares me
"Now that the browns are down they will be exposed. All you got to do is get an early lead on them. When they can’t rely on the run game, they are poop"
Let’s drive again
I don’t know who this team is
Jeez what a tackle by Pratt
"Erickson reminds me of the burst I had in high school, 5’11 270."
"Good on the no call. Fuck rub routes, they shouldn't be in the game."
Philip Rivers is even more washed than people thought AJ was
"I'm feeling a huge 9 to 18 bomb today. The run game is getting going, setting up a good PA for it."
TEE!!!
What a fucking throw.
TEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Why couldn't that be a score 😩
LFG
Uh oh Joe’s getting the deep ball going.
Whats with all the hate on Herbert lmfao? Dude aint even relevant in this game.
that blitz pickup tho...Noice
We will destroy any team that doesn’t blitz the shit out of us.
Seriously how long has it been since we had a 1st quarter like this! Fucking yeah!
I love you all.
Last week was a gut check for this team. They are responding!
What the fuck is this game
Thought for sure that was getting overturned. Looked down to me BUT I'LL TAKE IT.
Mixon with the celly of the year
"Wait, what is happening?"
Tackle man! Come on!
Who is this team?!
Got lucky on that pass
"Whenever we get a TD

https://youtu.be/uNy_MLr8mXA"
looks like a no catch to me
3 calls our way!!!
How much are we paying the refs this week?
Yikes
f word
Just kidding
"No big deal, just as long as we don’t have too many more drives like that."
Bengals and the Over looking great
AIRBNB
That run by Boyd was well executed!
Boyd is so good at those end-arounds
There’s the Bobby Hart we all know and love
What the fuck man.
Fn bobby hart... try and watch Olineman every play.. its great
Why is Hart still on the team?
Bobby Fart
Colts making boneheaded plays
NICE SUPLEX
Can't wait for the league to ignore that bs
WHAT THE FUCK :3
Fuck You-Sin
Wow! What an asshole!
@ work again today :(...but we mustve had a great 1st qtr. On to the next!
Let’s go D. Turnover time
"This is a great game, but Joe takes too many sacks holding the ball too long. I don’t know if it’s play development or him trying to do too much."
And now the defense is taking another series off.
I did NOT expect this game to go this way - Bears offense isn’t that great BUT I watched the colts defense absolutely EMBARRASS them a couple weeks ago with some great defense all I can day watching today - WHODEY
too much time to throw man miss Reader
Too cautious fs. Create pressure ffs Lou!
Fuuuuuck zone
Alexander with the Kirkpatrick impression
And then you blitz and leave no one outside.  Just stupid football
"Wake up, guys!"
No loss of down
Phillips is so fucking bad. What a goddamn clown
Defense wake back up!!
Can we ever have BOTH sides of our team come to play at the same time...please?
Just got a notification on ESPN that Mixon is questionable to return  with a foot injury.
The first quarter and a half of our defense was out there smacking dudes and the second half of the first half defense is out here like you can go past my dude.
Did they have a single 3rd down on that drive?
Could've had 5 or 6 kindergarteners in the secondary last two drives
Gonna need a 4min drive for a touchdown to bring back the confidence. Actually a touchdown in any amount of time is fine.
Here we go...
"Thanks trey 

Good recovery"
"Why the fuck you going backwards, Boyd? JFC. Too much stupid happening at once"
Joe didn't even see him.
Haha 3 and out. What a surprise.
man did you hear the BANG of that pass hitting that defender
"Boyd’s body is wrapped and he runs back for no reason and fumbles, then we lose all momentum and Joe throw a horrid pass. Jesus"
Need to get to halftime ASAP. This is getting away from them fast.
Everyone is wide fucking open. We must have lou’s prevent D out there
We are literally getting calls that Pissburg gets against us.
Lou goes into zone at the end of every half. Never works out
Mixon’s back out there.
Imagine having a capable defense.
Wtfffffffff
How is absolutely no receiver covered? It’s beyond frustrating
WIDE. FUCKING. OPEN. AGAIN.
Kill me
Absolutely pathetic defense right now.
Told ya
Hahaha fuck this defense.
Been at work...heard mixon is hurt...any info?
Three and outs to utter gashing. Not even a struggle.
Chemistry? More like lack of defense.
that's the team I know
[deleted]
Can Taylor resign at half?
I saw all this analysis about the bengals d being quietly good. 😕
Hopefully the Buckeyes can get a game in before we get COVID locked down again
Come on boys
Jesus Christ
We only needed one yard...
If our defense doesn’t get a stop then I’m calling game
No one actually thought we'd hold that lead right
I’m Zac Taylor and welcome to jackass
Work AJ back into the mix. Give it to Mixon. Hit Higgins once. Joe B scrambles for a TD
We should just keep trying lol
Mixon should have ran full speed into (S)Hart's back. Dumb fuck.
CAN WE OPEN THIS PLAYBOOK UP PLEASE!!! JOE IS PLAYING SO WELL WHY ARE WE HODLING HIM BACK
How many false starts has our line had W O W
"Whoops, jinxed him"
"Let’s get crazy with it, who cares??

Let Randy play in the slot. Maybe Bobby Hart can return kicks. Huber? Fill in for DJ Reader."
GO FOR IT
Damn Fat Randy
Bullock got a keg. I mean leg
Randy Bullock is the truth
Yay!! Fat Randy Strikes Again!!
How AJ going to go up for a ball that his the guy covering him in the elbow on the ground
FATTTT RANDYYY!!
"Let’s give some love to our boi Randy.

Bounced back nicely after Week 1."
toss a coin to your kicker...oh valley of randy
Has Randy missed a single kick since week 1?
Randy with a great kick!
I can’t tell if the players are mostly bad or the coaches are bad or basically both
no!!! we need d-linemen
Fuck
Wow that's just a good throw and catch
That was not a catch
That's why we can't kick a field goal. We need to for it on 4th because the defense can't stop them.
Colts will have that impressive 0  21   0   21 box score line
Anyone else see the ball move on the way down? I’m surprised they didn’t look at it to see if he was still in bounds when he got possession.
Ok let’s go offense! We’re still in it
There's our offense line
"Sucks burrow has to beat the other team, and the bad coaching on his own team and bad play of his teammates... checks down to third and decent.  nOPE jump offside third and long"
How many false starts today? Like 5 or 6?
Incoming Burrow injury. I’d just refuse to play.
This game is a fucking nightmare lol
What was the pass protection by Bernard. Total wrong side of the formation
I see Redman making his quota for Oline penalties today
"They rush four and the pocket is nonexistent, lol"
I'm done. See you guys next week.
Fire fucking Lou how many times do we have to say this shit but nothing is gonna happen
Standard Bengals Meltdown Football. No one does it better.
I hate Bobby Hart and want him cut but Mike Jordan and Alex Redmond have been worse than Hart somehow
Let's go!!!!!! We're still in this!
Thank god Jesse thank fucking god Jesse
Did our defense just make a play?
BATES VS THE FUCKING WORLD
LETS GO JESSIE
Phyllis Rivers strikes again
THE PHILLIP RIVERS SPECIAL
Thank God
Bates here to say otherwise.
OMG OMG
Elite
Remember week 1 where Burrow went 30 yards on a designed QB draw and then we never ran it again?
AJ is back boyz
The Green Monster is back!!!!
His other foot wasnt down I dont think ngl but fuck it haha
Most predictable play ever
I'd say go for it
NOOOOOOO
He doinked it
What a wasted opportunity
Fuck everything
Fat man bad
I knew it.
"Fat Randy giveth

Fat Randy taketh away"
Bullock coming in clutch again -_-
"And with that miss, Fat Randy just earned a contract extension to ensure the Bengals continue to lose any close games."
Fat people are not good under pressure
"Wide Randy, I must implore you to stop being the least clutch mf on this team"
Lmao
Randy ‘Adolf’ Bullock misses another high stakes field goal...
Randy is easily the least-clutch kicker I’ve ever seen. FFS at least sign Austin Macginnis to kick in these key situations. I’m so tired of immediately knowing it’ll be a miss from randy literally every time it’s a pressure kick
Theres Phillips talent being wasted again as some nobody dusts him.
Fire Zack Taylor now
"We blitzed twice on 3rd and long and got burned twice, maybe we should just stick to man on that next time."
Does every team give up 3rd downs like this?  I do not understand.
This is some terrible 3rd down defense
Ok what’s the chances we score on this drive?
"Alright Joe, let's fucking do this."
Men who play with Legos are better under pressure than men who eat too many calories.
BURROW TIME BABY!
Fellas he ran because if we leave the Colts with time we're going to fucking lose lol
Walk off touchdown to AJ green pls
Randy bullock sucks. We ain't had a good kicker since golden Grahm banging that pedohile cheerleader
dayum AJ savin lives
Mr. Burrow please go for it on 4th down and plz don’t Try to run it on 3&10
AJ GREEN MOTHERFUCKERS
AJ holy
AJ GREEN LETS GO
"So happy to see AJ playing like this. Even if we don’t resign him, this is just awesome."
Bruh
This team is not clutch
I just wanna die
FRICK ME
Rookie play. Oh well. This game is on Lou and ZT. Terrible
Game is on the defense
Fire Taylor - this was pathetic
"thought he woulda threw it to higgins, fuck"
Don’t understand why the rest of the season the bengals were gung ho about 4th down but this game had their balls chopped off when the offense was rolling
Classic Bengals. Beat themselves something fierce. And we're all hurt the same.
"well if bullock hits that field goal we win it right there with yet another clutch kick from fat randy....

wait

nvm i just now realize that wouldnt have worked out somehow"
"I feel like we have the pieces (other than the O line), but coaching can’t put them together"
Back down to earth I go
Defense acting like the game is already over -__-
I thought it was just an alcoholic because I was a piece of shit but it turns out as a child I was a Bengals fan and stayed a Bengals for him my whole life which made me a piece of shit alcoholic.
We definitely paid the refs lol
We have a two possession lead and this sub acts like we just lost.
"The back of his hand hit the ground first, wouldn't that be the spot?"
Refs must have bet big money on a Bengal win
"Holy fuck, Taylor is the worst. Can’t even hold a 21 point lead"
"Get ready for a loss, we shouldn’t even be in this game."
If they lose this someone’s gotta be fired. This is an absolute bullshit fucking second quarter. Fuck!
"Hi, I'm first quarter Bengals and I have DirecTV.

...and I'm second quarter Bengals and I agdiejeoekkwpdnrhfy"
3rd and 1 in shotgun again. Taylor absolutely loves that combo for some reason.
Let me guess: Bengals make game out of reach and then Colts score two TDs with 2 minutes left go for two and win
"What do you mean ypu don't understand why AJ didn't try to play it in the air? He had a guy his same height all over him, making that play would've been near impossible."
"You’d think I’d be used to this by now but I’m not. Week in and week out I have some fucked up thinking the Bengals might have a chance, but every fucking week I’m disappointed. Yet I never fucking learn. And I couldn’t care less about that interception by Bates, bc I know the offense is too shot to capitalize on it. And even if the Bengals pull a W out of their ass rn, I still hope the entire coaching staff gets left in Indy bc blowing a 21-0 lead is unacceptable"
Why the fuck did we not go for it
Fat Randy’s miss is whatever. He’s been money since week 1.... but what the fuck was that FB dive bullshit
Fire zach
FIRE THE FUCKING COACHING STAFF NOW
Bungled again
I don’t want to hear shit from AJ.
"If we dump trash on ZT‘s lawn, will he leave?"
"Fuck it we lost but AJ is AJ again and that’s a win in my book on to next week.




I want a new coaching staff next season."
I think the fact that folks in the fan base will still defend Zac and Lou upsets me more than how bad Zac and Lou are.
AJ dead. Higgins new friend
"We're gonna lose by 1 aren't we, guys?"
100% on coaching. Fire this staff into the sun
"Alright. I'm done with this team until the ENTIRE coaching staff is fucking gone. They've actually gotten worse since firing Marvin. Worse. Like, a lot worse. They are going to completely waste Joe Burrow's best years. Fucking done."
"as a massive reds fan

GO BRAVES"
4 man rush and 2-3 guys get to Burrow. Yeahhhh that's the oline we know.
I honestly can’t believe this.
This goddamn swing pass is good for 6+ yards for the Colts every time.
We were so much Better off in the Lewis days
Even the refs feel defeated trying to give us this one.
Fucking 3 and out?  This game is over.
Wtf was that playcall
Why can’t we ever just have a game where we dominate and never let off. These pussy coaches go so conservative and it kills us
ZT IS A WEAK COACH
Imagine if we were down by less than 3 right now
That one is on burrow ;(
Fire these fucking coaches. The players are not the problem.
Sad. What a horrible game. Fuck Taylor.
"Terrible offensive play calling. Heads need to start rolling.

And put Randy's fat ass on a diet or cut him."
"We have got to get rid of Zac Taylor, at this point I'll take my local Peewee football coach if thats what it takes to get him out of here"
"We have the browns, Titans and Steelers next..... not looking good lol"
"You guys having fun yet??? Isnt it great watching your team blow a 21 point lead??? Wish you all weren't such Debbie downers.

/s"
If the bengals lose this game no question Zach needs to be fired
"What? We scored 3 touchdowns in a row? Well, we better completely change the game plan!"
"This team is a steaming pile of dog shit.

3 and out after half, Rivers drives them for a TD before theres 10 minutes left in the 3rd quarter. Write that down.

EDIT: 3 and out ..."
"We hired a guy because he shat in the stall next to McVay.  Too bad nobody else wanted the job,"
"Say what you want about Marvin, but at least the team was over .500 in his first 3 seasons"
Game over. Seriously. Fucking fire Taylor.
Candy-ass uniform 🚨
I'm going to be really bold and predict John ross gets a TD today
Right lets see what sort of shitty mood I am going to be in 3 and a half hours!
I hope this doesn’t look like last weeks game. I’ll switch to browns Steelers if it starts looking bad
"RB only broken 3 tackles all year, first touch against Bengals and he breaks 3 tackles."
Fuckin decent boys
Alright here’s 3 and out and punt. It’s how every game has gone so far this year
Thats us baby!
What just happened lol
HAHAHA YESSS
Thats definitely a fumble
They better not find a way to fuck us over
Its very close but I doubt they overrule it
2 feet and he turned upfield to make a football move...SHOULD be our ball but we shall see
Truly shocked
Alright big break. Lets do something with it.
Hey Mixon getting going
That was 2 steps
"uhhh..why isn't joe mixon being met in the backfield with defenders??

i'm confused..isn't that how football works"
"As a Buckeyes fan, I'm still triggered by catch rulings like that. Still having flashbacks to Okudah's strip on Tee Higgins"
ATTABOYD
Nice catch and run!
Lol looked like Mixon was supposed to take that
How is Gio our power back lol I mean aight
Gio :{3
Nice blocking to spring Gio!
Cartoon Gio is absolute art.
"Damn randy

Kicked that bitch out of there"
Why is AE still out punt returner?
NICE CONTAIN
Hey. I like this game so far. Let’s go.
"oline can block and run defense can tackle, I am speechless"
Solid starts both sides of the ball
Am I wrong for thinking they should have Ross returning kicks?
Beautiful play call
there’s AJ!
Green! If we get green involved we're gonna roll
THE CHAMP IS HERE
18 yards for number 18! Vintage AJ
AJ getting back into it!
As great as Joe is itd have taken a miracle to drop that last ball in lol
"If AJ gets back to normal, AJ at number 1, Higgins at number 2, Boyd slot, Tate in 4 receiver sets."
LFG. Good read Joe!
Clutch man Boyd
We’re playing BIG BOY OFFENSE TODAY
GOTTA GET IN HERE 🔥
Was hoping for a QB sneak there.
Go for it
TD BSBY
Touchdown!!
LETS GO BENGALS 14-0
Probably could have ran it in
WHO DEY LETS FUCKIN GO
HE CAN'T BE STOPPED
Is this Spielman?
"JOE ""BETTIS"" BURROW!"
Joe Burrow is so God damn good
I think Zac heard what we said about him this week and decided “I’ll show them.”
Great play by WJ3!
damn gotta love pratt he’s everywhere
Boys look great so far
Somebody forgot to tell the Colts they had a game today.
Ugh my stream is awful. Both times we were in the red zone it froze and then unfroze after scoring -.-
can anyone PM link?
Mike Thomas has been garbage as of late. Sheesh.
wack
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HERBERT AINT SHIT
Omg omg omg. LFG!!
TEE HIGGINS LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
This line is fucking eating today!!!
Boy the colts are really shitting the bed right now huh
NO STOPPING MIXON
"We need to draft Dee Wiggins next year, so we can mess up broadcasters with our WR squad."
Bro WHAAAAT. That was a sick run
Joe Mixon is this generations Corey Dillon
"This

is 

friggin

AWESOME!!"
Have we doped up our OL! This is just obscenely good
WE ARE FUCKING GOING OFF
You can't slow Joe
"Oh my god what’s happening.... I’m feeling

Edit: read this in the grinch’s voice"
Who is this Oline? That pushback was beautiful!
Anyone know a link to watch? I'm in Chicago and we're watching the Bears 😒
I honestly can't believe what I'm seeing...
Did the TD stand? I accidentally clicked out of my stream trying to find a better stream -.-
Dean Blandino doing a great job of beung worthless today.
The replay review guy must be a bengals fan
Wow
I definitely thought it was gonna be a holding call
2nd and 10 runs. #justzactaylorthings
"Man, Thomas should have caught that"
Great block!
Great playcall
That was a smooth handoff.
Thomas with a hell of a block
Bobby Hart lol
Yeah bobby
Fucking bobby hart
Thanks dude!
Hope his dumbass gets his head taken off
Steelers currently clowning the Browns
Soo-play
I don’t know what to do when they actually call fouls to protect bengals players
"Alright fellas and ladies, we've got ourselves a game here. Let's put our coaching staff microscopes on"
We have this lead and I’m still nervous.
is joe mixon ok?
WJ3 came to play today fellas
Would be nice if the line got some pressure
A blitz would he nice
"Can we please no rush 3 anymore, jesus"
When did we bring back Paul Guenther?
Defense is so bad on 3rd and long.
what on earth!!!
"See, now that’s better."
Got bailed out by the flag there.
Too easy
That was absolutely pathetic
way too easy
Ok that was holding lol
Phillips you fucker
Mixon has a foot injury
I’d like to see the talent we are wasting
what did they say mixon hurt?
Get upfield
please get up boyd
it's been an honor playing with you all today...
Hart just gets pushed right into Burrow.
GO UP FIELD
We need a premier edge rusher. These DEs we have get no pressure
Woot mixon!
Glad to see Mixon on the sidelines
Why the fuck is everyone always wide open?!
Are we just refusing to cover the middle of the field or what?
End Prevent Defenses. They don’t work
No pass rush
What the fuck is going on?
This defense cant do hurry up at all....
Secondary is trash
Fucking siv of a defense
Now THIS is the bengals team I know.
this is depressing
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|09:52 3rd|DEN|12|@|3|NE|
|12:14 3rd|HOU|10|@|21|TEN|
|Halftime|CLE|7|@|24|PIT|
|Halftime|BAL|17|@|0|PHI|
|13:18 3rd|WAS|10|@|13|NYG|
|13:20 3rd|ATL|20|@|0|MIN|
|Halftime|DET|17|@|3|JAX|
|Halftime|CIN|24|@|21|IND|
|13:30 3rd|CHI|13|@|6|CAR|
|Sun 10/18 04:05 PM ET|NYJ|-|@|-|MIA|
|Sun 10/18 04:25 PM ET|GB|-|@|-|TB|
|Sun 10/18 08:20 PM ET|LA|-|@|-|SF|
|Mon 10/19 05:00 PM ET|KC|-|@|-|BUF|
|Mon 10/19 08:15 PM ET|ARI|-|@|-|DAL|"
Who gets ball at half?
Put it back on the pedal Bengals let's fuckin go
Bad read
god left
Always gotta over complicate shit
Secondary is Swiss cheese
It looks like the Bengals are playing prevent defense smh
rivers gonna throw for 550
Cmon D we need a turnover so bad
"Great Situational awareness from Logan Wilson there, dont hear the whistle keep playing."
That should’ve been a 7 yard loss ffs
lol how the fuck he get away
Making Philip rivers look like prime Big Ben
But the Bengals get every break!
Omg thank you AJ
AJcinco
Tee is so good. Could be a star.
Had a few drops today
I’m pretty sure there have been 4 drops today. Goodness.
"Not shit talking just curious, how many drops is that?"
"Next week could be fun, we could send the browns back on the panic button"
We couldnt punch that through with mixon?
"I’ve noticed all season zone d always bites us in the ass so why tf do we keep using it

Edit: I guess we can’t do man either"
Fuck
I get Dunlap and Atkins are old but they have to be better than these guys.
I wish everyone on our defense had some arms to make plays when the ball is in the air.
Confirmed???
"Phillip Rivers is on fire today. These have been some pretty ridiculous catches from his receivers too.  Straight up good play.  Our D-Line is not getting any pressure, but when you have an offensive line as dominant as the Colts, it's not surprising."
Lol fuck this offensive line
Cut the shit with these first and second down run plays
This is the bengals football we all know and love !
What an implosion.
Idk what I expected
Why are we paying any olinemen when we could have the same result with 5 pylons?
I'll pay someone to give Zac and this coaching staff Covid.
[deleted]
Disaster
No words for this one if we lose. Like a Marvin post-halftime collapse on steroids.
I was typing my last comment and we had a shitty punt?  Sounds about right. Don't we deserve happiness?!?!?
YES!!!!
Fucking knew Rivers was gonna give one up WOOO
Best player on the defense this year! LETS GO JB3
JESSE!!!!
LETS GOOOO! WHO DEY BABY!
There it is. The Rivers 4th Quarter INT. Which team is fighting harder to lose? Find out next time ON!..
"I'm a dumb fuck who doesn't know shit about schemes of defense, I'd be interested in how much the defenses problem is Bell being pretty underwhelming as this safety I was hyped to have, seems many of the big plays given up were on him"
"Uhm, holding?"
Man our guys just aren't seperating
Thomas caught a ball
Ok now a Gio run up the gut for -2 yards
No hold on that AJ pass? Seems like bullshit
Hell yeah!!
What a block by mixon!
I would NOT mind having this AJ Green every week
Stretch AJ Armstrong
Why Bernard wtf
Randys nuts are quaking
This is hilarious.
There he is
FUCK FUCK FUCK
Never clutch
Come on Bullock. Jfc
We've all seen this script before.
fat randy man
"You don’t need to get cheeky when it’s 3rd and short. Just run it with Mixon right up the middle, or give Joe a QB sneak."
PAIN
Well at least we put together a full quarter of solid competent play across both sides of the ball. Wish we could do that for a whole game
Man to Man I'm going to Darius Philips all day. Doesn't matter who is on him. He will be open
Lou is trash
I'd almost rather them kick a FG instead of punt and pin us deep again
"WTF are you doing, Von???"
Even if somehow Bengals win this. I want Taylor gone man. Sick of this horseshit.
Dude can we get a stop on 3rd down???
Nice 3rd down D wtf... for real
This isnt a talented receiving core you can play them man to man
This is fucking painful
Check downs all game
Look Ik we can stop them on the first 2 downs but 3rd down is where I get worried
Ok ok we have to score a TD
"Sims, Bell, and Phillips have been awful today."
THANK YOU BURTON
Lol the tight end on the other side was wide the fuck open we got lucky
Let's go offense just go get some pts and its ours!
Joe pls
If we lose I’d consider firing Taylor more
I need a Burrow game winning drive
What exactly was the point of that second draw???
"Zac afraid of leaving to much time on the clock, offenses can score with 21 secs when Lou is at the helm."
We just burned a TO 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ you get on the line and save 3 TOs for D
We don’t deserve you Joe. Randy is what we deserve.
"Guys, Zac isn’t going anywhere until at least the end of next season. Stop wasting your breath."
"With the Football Team blowing it we need this loss. But, fuck I don't want that on Joe"
Baby come back. You can blame it all on me.
THANK U MR BURROW AND AJ GREEN THANK FUCKIN GOD
LETS GOOOOOO
Fuck that's not how I wanted to lose
Why would i expect anything different
Fuck off man
Joe why
Not going to win many games when we have to play the other team and ourselves.
"At least we get a better draft pick, right?"
Pain
WHY THE FUCK DO YOU JUST TAKE A KNEE WITH 15 SECONDS AND 2 TIMEOUTS
How do you make a 55 yarder but not a 31 yarder😂?
"No longer watching til I hear zac Taylor is fired. Should we start a petition ? I mean if any year to hire a new coach is a “good” year this ones it. The chiefs OC and joe Brady are due. 
And what joe Brady has done with teddy in Carolina is a work of art (no CMC) 
And his beauty mark on NCAA at LSU with joe burrow was magnificent 
And the fact that the saints offense hasn’t been the better half of New Orleans since he left says a lot. 
Mean while we have zac Taylor and Tobin burning a generational talent. It’s sad to be a fan. I hate gettin mf clowned man (I live in Vegas) 😓"
cmon aj
Making Rivers look like an all-pro. What shit.
"I’m sick of hearing about how the “culture” is changing. Say what you want about Marvin, but how many times did he squander a 21 point lead with all the momentum? This is a losing culture, we all know that there is basically zero chance we win this game with this “brain” trust of coaches calling the shots. And what pisses me off the most is how they’ll try to turn this into a positive learning experience where we found out what we could do and the “little” things we need to correct."
You Fat Fucking Piece of Shit.
Good job defense 👍
Fuck Zac Taylor and the clown show he hired. What an embarrassment.
"I think they will reverse the call.

We never get shit like this..."
What the fuck are these stupid animations of the players lol
"That was more like the defense we've come to know. Soft zone, blown coverage, not getting set before a snap. General confusion and quick score.

Lou still needs to go."
Oh shit oh shit oh shit
"Alright, Bobby. You’re allowed that one play. You’ve been alright so far today."
Ok why is Gio getting so many carries?
Do these announcers live in Indianapolis? Good lord the bias
Giving up the lead here. Sigh.
The J Balvin (who?) meal is literally a Big Mac and fries. At least the Travis Scott meal was a little different/offbeat
"Ahhhhhh two times 4th and short with a chance to dagger and instead they kick both times. This should be Taylor's last game, put Simmons in charge for the year and go hard for Bienemy in the off-season. Sick of watching coaching shrink up instead of playing to win the fucking game."
My life is a movie. A fucking depressing one
Joe why do you play with my emotions like this
being a bengals fan is almost worse than misery because at least with most misery there is hope
Zac Taylor needs to be fired and he needs to be fired now. ASAP otherwise we are going to waste Burrow's entire career. He needs to go.
Bad throw :(
Well things are going downhill FAST!
"come on , aj"
Fuck this coaching staff.
Zac Taylor has to go
Burrows fault that time
Up 2 scores and get the ball at half. Apparently we've already lost. Yall are too much lol.
Still shouldve caught it!
 Bye Zac! You stink
"Oh, well...I don't think that's a fumble but thanks anyway refs for helping us out."
our o-line’s playing football today boys!!
Rawr
Really hope Mixon isn't hurt...he sat down with like 3 staff just now.
I think that’s a catch
William Jackson III is by far our best cornerback and may be a future Superstar and who's that cornerback we have that's been amazing all year I'm drunk and forgetting his name? If we can get one more decent corner back and then some linebackers we're going to be dangerous on defense.
Ground can’t cause a fumble???
Geno and Lawson need to get some pressure. William Jackson III and Bates need to do they thing. Sean Williams too.
Boyd was down. That wrist hit the ground before the ball popped out
We need a pass rusher. QBs have all day against us.
Watch they’ll still get a first down
[deleted]
ZT getting way too fucking cute
Wtf that was a hold
"Guys, maybe Randy just needs some rec specs like Rodrigo? Thoughts?"
Joe Burrow will go down in NFL history as the biggest “what-if” — poor Bastard.
Fucking joe burrow whyd you do me like that
Fire Zac
Rookie mistake. Sucks.
Heck of an INT
Remember when we had a pass rush?
We need to get a real coaching staff ...
HAHA Fat Randy sucks
Game over
Wtf was that AJ
That was on burrow not green
If they can’t get the deep ball going we’ll be lucky to see a 4-11-1 record.
Aw fuck no my stream lied to me. All I see is shit stains and piss yellow
Let's go!
#Lets go!!!! WHO DEY BITCHES
Uhm cbs isnt playing the game... I cant even...
Did he just say joe Mixons off to a hot start...?
I’m predicting a solid victory today and a loss next week
LFG!
"We're boned, on a side note that grass looks like felt lmao"
No way ball stays with us
LETS GO
"This should stay with the call on the field. 

If they said it was an incomplete pass than it should of been that as well. 

To close to call....so we'll probably lose it lol"
Doyle fumbling at home against the Bengals. Is there a more iconic duo?
"Really close call. One of those instances where it just depends what team you are rooting for the “correct call.” I will say since it was originally ruled a fumble, it should stick, but were the bengals, so who knows."
Who is the guy in our backfield getting the ball I never see him he looks really good
:{3
Do we not have a better option for punt returner?
"Way to collapse the line, boys!!"
Do we have the good bengals today?
I hope they start to open the playbook up for Joey. I think he can handle it. 4 real games instead of preseason. Even better
TREE HIGGINS
What's everybody drinking?
Mixon just go around lol
Finally see green catch a damn ball. Seems like forever
THE GREEN MONSTER
What is happening
What a play
Oh Boyd that was pretty!
Should of ram it
Dammit
Go for it
Incoming AJ TD
Didn’t see greens route but seems that burrow split him wide to open up the middle for Boyd to be open.
Mixon come one man
Give it to Mixon and go for it come on
Shoulda had that one Joe
MIXON
Hell Yeah!!!
NICE!
Glad we went for it! Let’s go!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Go for it
Joey B looks like a giant on the sideline lol
Are the Colts playing today?
Hell fucking yeah!!
There you go people with Mixon on your fantasy team
FUCK
DAMN YOU 2ND ROUND TE
Three scores when we're barely out of the first quarter? I might cry.
MIXIN' MIXON 😎
MIXON IT UP
I don’t think he’s in
Don't think he got it
"This is a strange feeling.

I like this. I think I'm going to chase this feeling."
that could go either way I'd say catch but I'd rather it not be :)
He was so far out...
Lay it ON EM
FUCK
It was great while it lasted guys! Honestly!
Fantastic block
Nice neck lean Fred Johnson
This crew must’ve gotten food poisoning last night.
Bobby hart!
Damn that's a big loss
There he gooooooooes
*yeah BOOOYYYYYDDDD*
"Damn, fooled me on that replay."
That was a beautiful
I’m sad I can’t watch today. Of course a good game is on fucking Fox.
get your hands off his fckin leg damn
Damn haha Bernard is making it seem worse
burned by tee and now a boneheaded penalty dumbass 26
THANKS DUDE :33333
"Vasoline anyone? Anyone? As in the song by STP. Just me, okay."
based fat boy!
HELL YEAH RANDY
Mixon hurt or something?
"Wish we would have taken advantage of those 2 penalties but I’ll take 3
 
Edit spelling -.-"
Mixon heading to locker room :(
WJ3 playing well
Cant play zone if ur gonna give a qb all day
Thank God we saved WJ3 from pittsburgh
"Anyone catch the typo from the booth? ""Titans 4-0 for 2nd time in Franchise Hstory"""
Whose our 3rd rb?
That’s a vet move.
BRO
"As a gator fan, glad to see Burton still out there working. But this is the end, we will stop being nice."
"I get that, what I'm saying is that the spot should have been 4 years closer to the first down."
fuccccc
Oh no...
Welp time to do my homework instead of watching this shit show
Lol
Hello darkness my old friend......I see you found me even in Indy.
man is it just me or doe spielman stutter like mad
We need a long scoring drive to start the half. Gotta keep the Colts off their rhythm.
Great start boys
Welllp
Not again...
Another Rivers checkdown. Wonder what he’ll do next?
That pitching wedge kick
Nice!
"""X-Xavier"" I really hope you don't do this"
Why do they keep letting my boy get hit?
Green with a good reception
BASEDJ
Go for it
fudge
WHAT ARE WE DOING.
Yikes
Boyd picked up the wrong guy lol
Absolute meltdown
Someone get Redmond OFF THE FIELD
"yeah there's my o-line, Joe did have time to pass though"
"Ah there's the Offensive line I know, I was wondering where you were."
Everything is going great! Punting looks awesome!
"Umm, so that happened"
Was that p-pressure?
[deleted]
Jesse Bates!!
JB3LIT3
whatd i tell you.. RIVERs would keep slinging it in tighter and tighter windows.. SEE that TD.. BANG got him.  gg
JESSIE. BATES.
Rivers gonna Rivers
Elite
"Phillip Rivers and back breaking INT’s.


Like peanut butter and chocolate."
we forgot about one thing: Rivers will blow the game with INTs if it’s close.
INT
Good old trustworthy Mike Thomas in the slant....you trying to give me a heart attack????
Rivers always takes the cheese man..  jsut keeps going further and further out on the ice
Thomas caught a ball today weeee
Welp 3rd and 10
that wasnt going anwhere regardless lol
Welp
Adrian Jeremiah Green!!
Ugh
What a god awful sequence that was
Why?!
Like fantasy football hope the Bengals sell high on AJ this week.
DAMNIT
Goddamnit
We need to pull this out
Oh for fucks sake
"Honestly, rooting for Cincinnati sports are such a joke. The pro teams are so fucking cursed it’s not funny."
OF COURSE! WHY NOT GO FOR IT YOU COWARD!
Great play calls Zac
Too many cheeseburgers randy
Finish the play
Bates hurt
I love Carlos
If we go for the ball we might stand a chance
How many times are guys going to be wide open
Where the hell is our defense
Mamma mia we are some spicy trash
"Let me guess, first down will be a screen pass."
Great play calling guys
"Joe, that doesn't really work as well in the NFL."
"Death, taxes and the Bengals losing. All is normal in the world."
"holy shit, my heart cant take this"
Joey pls
Welp
And that’s game
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Fckity Fck Fck
what was that?
Pitiful
Anybody want to snap his arm while he was celebrating lol
:(
Thank god proper football returns to Ohio next Saturday.
That's it. I'm out. Hopefully Burrow doesn't die the rest of the year. I'll see you boys next year. Time to enjoy my Sundays again.
Garbage play call by Taylor
I came here only to say FIRE FAT RANDY
That’s on burrow
I really dislike that GIO is our main running back now. He's not scaring anyone.
"Lol wow Zac, great playcall..."
"Fire Zac Taylor Plz, Fire everybody"
Did anyone not see that coming?
Well it was a good game
Screw this team
That's not a catch unfortunately. Edit: lmao.. ok? I guess I was wrong
Steelers scored ;(
Ball was knocked out by the ground thi looked like
How does our defense play so well against Baltimore but shit the bed this week?????
Not in cinci - what’s the deal with Kate Shroder and Chabot being a crime victim?
Hahaha Jessica Alba would indeed be a prison bitch.
Well guys it was nice having a 21-0 lead while it lasted we just pulled a falcons so who we looking at for the draft?
Bengals running the ball when down one point. Lol
You useless cunt
"Man is it hard to watch AJ at this point. Hate to say it, but a chunk of his targets & reps need to be going to Thomas & Tate (when healthy)"
Did green really ask to be traded
Theres the fat fuck we know and love
"Fat Randy gets re upped for max kicker pay by Mike Brown in the off season.  

Thats two games at least he has cost us."
We only get off the field because of a drop... RIP
gg
AJ MF GREEN FOR YALL
Joe why
Y’all need Jesus.  Calm your tits.  Every play isn’t the end of your life.
"Shit stains driving on Shittsburgh. On one hand obviously I want the Browns to win because that gives the Steelers a loss but on the other hand I don't really think we're going to make the playoffs this year and the Browns starting hot gave them a big head at 4 and 1, it makes them think they're good and I would love for them to keep getting put down a peg every time they lose and realize yet again they're shit. I essentially just said I'm rooting for the Steelers without saying that because my grandfather would shoot me in the face with his 45 and he's been dead for 20 years."
[deleted]
Are any of you guys programmers? Sycamore seriously in the next few weeks but I'm going to drunkenly try to learn some python after this game.
That was definitely a catch... he didn't start losing control until he hit the ground
Rookie throw
"FIRE TAYLOR, BRING BACK MARVIN!"
I don't think that is a catch
"The Chargers offense all has Covid and they're throwing footballs full of Covid but our players are testing negative because they can't fucking cover and or touch the ball of the other team, nor get close enough to them to get it."
"randy bullock haters need to stfu, he's still kicking top 5 in the league."
Hey colts fan here just wanna make sure I’m not being biased but are the refs fucking the colts?
Play John Ross
He makes that nobody bitches about the play call.
Herbert gonna run away with ROY
I swear Randy has to go home every night and just smashes cookie dough whilst saying he’ll commit to his diet “tomorrow”
[deleted]
Goodbye forever lead
Hey is Geno Atkins still on the team?
"Well, I think that's it for this one. Colts score maybe another 2 TDs and that's it."
Fat Randy is such a meltyman...
Zac Taylor are you fucking stupid. Just QB sneak it twice in a row. How fucking hard is that. God.
Bruh I have Joe Mixon starting today why the fuck are they giving to Bernard at the 1 and having Mixon do pass protection FUCK
Too many people are Bengal Cheerleaders and not enough fans for things to change.
I hate the review system with the intensity of a trillion suns burning. Abolish it in all sports!
Zac taking too much estrogen I see
[deleted]
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|00:04 4th|HOU|36|@|36|TEN|
|04:57 4th|BAL|30|@|14|PHI|
|02:00 4th|CIN|27|@|31|IND|
|01:49 4th|CHI|23|@|16|CAR|
|15:00 1st|NYJ|0|@|0|MIA|
|Sun 10/18 04:25 PM ET|GB|-|@|-|TB|
|Sun 10/18 08:20 PM ET|LA|-|@|-|SF|
|Mon 10/19 05:00 PM ET|KC|-|@|-|BUF|
|Mon 10/19 08:15 PM ET|ARI|-|@|-|DAL|
|Final|DEN|18|@|12|NE|
|Final|CLE|7|@|38|PIT|
|Final|WAS|19|@|20|NYG|
|Final|ATL|40|@|23|MIN|
|Final|DET|34|@|16|JAX|"
That’s a hell of a defensive play there.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I love our fanbase... We have the lead at halftime at an away game against a team with a winning record and everyone still wants Zach Taylor fired at the half. I mean Jesus H Christ guys 😂
[deleted]
Terrible call to pass
Clearly no JRE fans here. Come on Joe!
[deleted]
How many points will the bengals lose by? 14?
[deleted]
"Get meme’d bengals. Love, Indy"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I get 100 bucks if the colts win by 8, can y’all please start choking soon?"
"I just want you to know all these random posts going on getting up votes I don't know what I'm talking about because I'm drunk as fuck but I feel like it's coming from the heart and I also meant that whole I want to learn Python thing I'm just drunk speaking bullshit fucking who dey I love you all I hope you're having a good day cocksucka - Joey Diaz.

Edit: imagine not knowing who Joey Diaz from The Joe Rogan podcast is you fuckin cocksuckas COUGH COUGH *I'll tell you what Joe Rogan my dick was red for a week after I fucked her* COUGH COUGH"
[deleted]
I genuinely hope Lou and Zac die. I know it’s not right to wish death but Mike Brown doesn’t take control of his own team so firing them isn’t in the books and at this point I care more the success of my favorite team than I do a forgettable coaching staff
""
Why is Herbert not up there? Hate to say it but I think right now Herbert should be in the front running.
"I love burrow but herbert has been playing great. 

Maybe Burrow is a front runner because he actually has a win and he broke the rookie record"
CEH should not be up there.
6 wins lmaooooooo
Clyde is not gonna win OROY under any circumstances lmao it’s between Joe and Herbert
Stay on the field? Alive? Kinda hard to win if you’re mangled body can’t get on the field. Good thing he’s young and can take the beating.
Don’t think Burrow doesn’t notice Herbert is actually the front-runner.
"We need to finish above LAC so he tops Herbert and he has it, imo. CEH has been fading after a hot start and it is just really rough for a defensive player to win these things."
The disrespect for Herbie
They may need to give him this award simply for the battering he’s been taken.
"Herbert is easily leading this race, and Queen/Windfield is getting DROY"
"Most of you are trash fans. Dude was given a 2-14 team, a questionable coaching staff to say the least, “weapons” that are supposed to be good, and one of the worst o lines (that was in pace to be historical bad.) somehow in 4 of 6 of these games he’s gone over 300 yards and 3 of our 4 loses have been by 5 points or less. What the absolute fuck is wrong with you people?"
"To win it Burrow needs a radical change in his play. Start avoiding sacks and make better decisions. He's a good rookie, but not ROTY material."
Burrow can't read the field worth a damn. Some players just can't make that move from College to Pro.
""
Channel 806 on the SiriusXM app
I use an app on iPhone called pro baseball. Just select the Reds and it will populate their local stations. Bengals are always on there somewhere.
They have it on 102.7 WEBN you could download I heart radio or an FM radio app and listen through there
Tunein.  Then search for the Bengals game
[deleted]
""
""
"She needs to make one every week 

This is our lucky charm"
wrong finger
Burn this and the franchise
"Hang in there dear girl, maybe a playoff win in your lifetime. No hope for me."
"Against Jacksonville was our very first game with a live crowd right? As well as our first win. The following week, Baltimore had nobody in the stands and we get slaughtered. NOW Indy has an in person crowd, we start off as well as we have against them?

Covid started when rumors were circulating about us getting burrow, it all makes sense! All world governments were horrified of the sheer power of the Bengals with burrow and the only way to stop us from winning the Superbowl every year was to, in fact, cause the pandemic.

It all makes sense now."
I wish he was still the OC so I could claim this was all predicted by Hue-Anon.
This seems legit.
""
"man that first quarter was such a happy time.

&#x200B;

what in the fuck happened"
^^^this
"Burrow was known for his elusiveness at LSU, but in the NFL he get's sacked every time they break through the line. He's incapable of scrambling. Huge disappointment."
""
Why? The show is notorious for not being relevant ever again
[deleted]
"Darius Phillips tweeted earlier this week basically saying the team is wasting talent, likely mad that he losing snaps to leshaun sims who has been ass all season. Shawn Williams retweeted it cause he's salty that Vonn Bell took his job. I think John Ross hopped on as well which although he's drawn a lot of ire from fans I'd rather have out there than Mike Thomas. Before the Ravens game Dunlap was blindsided by the coaches and demoted on the depth chart."
[removed]
"Link please, i don’t even know who ace booger is"
[removed]
"Zac has called a good game 

Fire lou"
Lou needs to be fired today. Zac can be fired tomorrow.
[removed]
""
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
""
It would have been an easier loss if we were behind and stayed there but to have a massive lead and loose is far worse.
"Is it just me or do the Bengals have almost a brand when it comes to losing? 

Missing a field goal in the final seconds isn’t our brand but missing one in the second quarter that ends up being decisive is.

Getting some momentum going but suddenly we do two running plays that go nowhere and throw a pass on 3rd well short of the first down. That’s our brand.

I’m not saying other teams don’t do  stuff like that but we manage with exhausting consistency."
Ended up passing out when it was 21-0. Woke up to 27-21 and saw the colts score a td 2 minutes later to lead. So disappointing
[Sums it up.](https://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/raised_hopes_futurama.gif)
They could of been up 35-0 at half time and still lose.
"Bengals go up 21-0 in the first quarter. Phillip Rivers has the best 2nd quarter of his 17 seasons.
Zac Taylor is in over his head."
Mike fucking brown
"I mean, after 22 games , Taylor has half the winning percentage as Dick Lebeau. Who had a .270 winning percentage."
They are 5-1 ATS...find something else to root for and it makes it easier. Who Dey (ATS)!!!!!
Literally said that to my buddy watching that final drive
"The day were owned by the Brown family, will be the first day of being a competitive team.

Their conservative approach is the root of our competitive losing.

The Zach Taylor project is a shit show... That is all."
"Bet on ""Bengals invent a new creative way this week losing to Browns"". Maybe a 3-2 loss? Maybe Randy kicks a good 70 yd FG and misses a PAT then lose? Maybe we win the game but at cost of injuring Burrow? (which is worse then losing IMO)"
I've been saying since 2015 that we'll never win until we experience every possible way to lose. We shouldn't of even won any games last year. Least we'd have that 0-16 out of the way.
""
Darkest timeline for sure
"This is 100% me. I was on a flight today. We took off at 21-0, and I landed at the end of the 3rd quarter where we were nearly tied."
"Here’s the thing: I’ve been a fan of this team since I was born pretty much (waaaaay back in 1981) and as long as my memory permits me I have witnessed this. 

The team is incredibly adept at losing games they had. It almost seems like they play one half of football then bring out the deck chairs and turn on autopilot. 

It’s happened in every era, under every coach. It’s a trademark of this team.

I was watching the game, saw them go up by 21, then they let Indy score. I was talking to my friend on the phone and said, in all seriousness “they’ll lose by seven”. He laughed and said “See? They’re not even losing and all you Bengals people are fairweather fans!” I stopped him and said “No we’re realists. We’ve been here so many times. We expect the other shoe to drop. It’s like some form of football PTSD”. I mean every one of us remembers Palmer’s leg so that everytime a QB of ours eats dirt we inhale sharply and relive it. 

We always talk about how we could improve and what moves to make but I just get the impression that sometimes we get outcoached and outplayed. The team we’re playing (Indy in this case) figured out our plays, and had an answer for everything. 

But that’s all behind us. Zac and Joe and AJ have stood in front of the cameras, angry, sad, dejected, apologizing profusely and promising to improve. Time to turn the page to next week...

Still a fan. Who Dey."
"To h*ck with goin for it on 4th&inches, fat Randy's 3 point try will lock it up for us!"
:(
They give me nothing but pain
Cool cool cool :(
This game reminded me of the game that got Shula fired. Simmons should get a shot at running the team for the rest of the year.
[deleted]
I think the Zac Taylor experiment has run it's course.
"Jokes on us and ownership, he still gets paid for no results."
"3-18-1*

No wins on the road. He HAS to go.

He's had enough time to allow us to judge his ability. He has none."
"I've been patient with him, but blowing a lead like that is inexcusable. He seems to be out of his depth."
"Thing that got me mad at Taylor was handing to Perine on that short yardage play. That shouldn’t have even been an option for a guy who hasn’t touched the ball all season in a play that important. 
Our kicker has got to go. He’s hurt us big in two games this year. He’s shown that he’s very accurate as long as the kicks don’t matter, then he’s worthless."
Eric Bieniemy next year
"He needs to go. He's a disaster. Like far worse than Marvin ever was. If Zac isn't shown the door now....we're looking at a Dave Schula, Bruce Coslet, Dick Lebeau levels of disaster. Say what you want about Marvin and his playoff record, but he did a lot to change the mindset in the Bengals, going from the laughing stock of the league, to a team that was usually pretty competitive most years Marvin was here. 

Taylor is bad, really bad. 3-18-1 with no improvement in sight. In fact, the only thing in site, is the complete and utter waste of a potential once in a lifetime talent like Joe Burrow. 

Fire Zac Taylor now."
Not to mention he is losing the team. Dunlap is on the bengals IG page after the game putting sarcastic comments and shit. Unbelievable. This dude has to go.
"His 1-11-1 record in close games is, IMO, the most important stat here. That means this team has been capable of winning games. However, just like yesterday, boneheaded decisions by Taylor is costing the Bengals games they should've won.  


People can say that they've got to let him build his team, but he has a team that is capable of winning at least a few games (should've won against Colts, Chargers, and Eagles), but his lack of coaching competence is costing us those wins."
"Taylor is a joke, his tenure at UC was a disaster. No idea how a QB coach gets to be a HC in the NFL when he had abysmal success as a simple OC in the American Athletic Conference lol."
Zac Taylor’s hiring has me regretting the firing of Marvin. Like what the fuck?
Mike Shula born again.  ZAC MUST GO BRING ME THE ENEMY PLEASE GOD.
Has a team ever hired a QB coach as their head coach before us?
You guys are all so dumb and unrealistic. The point of getting Zac last year was to tank and let him figure out a new roster and it’s his first head coaching job. He gets Joe Burrow and Tee Higgins but still has the worst OL in the league. Jonah Williams was hurt all last year so he’s basically a rookie too. Get ahold of yourself and realize we won’t be good until 2022
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Post game thread. Your thoughts are not any more important than others who are commenting on the posts like always. We always delete text posts right after game
"2002 - Bengals get swept by Browns, Dick Lambeau fired

2003-2017 = No sweeping

2018 - Bengals get swept by Browns, Marvin Lewis fired

We play the Browns next week at home. If we lose, even if it's a close game, I think this will be it for Zac Taylor."
Get Lou out of here too. Giving up 31 points in 3 quarters is unacceptable.
"Let's be real. If the Bengals lose to the browns next week, we're going to be 1-7-1 because we going to get walloped by Titans and Steelers.  If we win, we still going to be 2-6-1.  do you feel better about Taylor with either of those records?? Not at all.  Fire him now or after the titans game so we get a bye week to get adjusted to whoever the interim coach is."
Just fire Taylor and make Darren Simmons the interim to see what hes got
Mike Browns absolute hatred for Cleveland is all that gives me hope. Losing to Cleveland again is the only way I see brown making a move at HC
The trio of Taylor Tuner and Anarumo will not see this team to success. All of them suck.
I don't know about the next week even if we lose. I do think at the end of the year though. We are so close to being a solid team that I think decent HC options will interview with us.
Go Browns
Yeah but we are gonna beat the browns by like 3 points and have to deal with it
Maybe dad made him pinkie promise to do so
The 2016 Dolphins coaching staff isn't cutting it
Damn I really have to root for the Browns now
I seriously doubt it; if he overreacts no coaches will want to come here again. He can point to countless injuries.
Zac has to go NOW!
Time to lose to the Browns ig
Everyone knows that creating a coaching carousel makes a team more effective. I realize that Taylor hasn’t been great but guess what? He has a shit team! Anyone who expected this team to win more than 3-4 games this year is fucking delusional.
">tfw you're on pace to somehow be worse than the 2002 Bengals 

If that's not a damning indictment of this coaching staff, I don't know what is."
I knew once I saw Zac flip his shit on the refs in buffalo after the corner obviously gave himself and he thought he fumbled that he was a dipshit coach lmao
This is the way
"\>  Dick Lambeau fired 

who?"
[removed]
"Man I hate being a negative Nancy about my favorite team but at no point during this game, even when up 21-0 did I think we were going to win.
Sure enough, Taylor shows he cant coach a complete game and this team looked completely lost and confused playing with a lead. Watching Lou take his foot off the gas early in the 2nd quarter and hoping to coast to a victory reminded me of the good ol Marvin days.
At this point of the season and where we are in the division standings, what's the point of Taylor, Turner, and Lou still keeping their jobs?
With that being said, way to go Higgins and AJ!"
"When we were up 7-0? No.

When we were up 14-0? No.

When we were up 21-0?

Yes, because I'm not a negative Nancy. But now I'm starting to have second thoughts about that."
Taylor can't make adjustments and he plays scared. I will consider every game a potential loss until the very end.
"After the first quarter my girlfriend looked at me and asked, ""why aren't you excited?""

I calmly replied, ""just watch."""
My knee-jerk response was that of course I thought there was a chance.  But then I clearly remember saying when we were up by 21 that I still didn't think we were going to win.  So no.
"Colts fan here...

I absolutely thought you would win at 21-0. I'm shocked our offense found some resolve."
I really thought that Old man rivers and his practice squad receiving core were incapable of scoring 21. Thought we were safe......
"Truthfully I should have been more cynical about it. Part of the reason we were up 21-0 was because of the Colts making dumb, easy to fix, mistakes (early fumble/drop, unnecessary roughness etc.)."
Call me a pessimist but i knew we would lose when it was 21-7. It was painfully clear the Colts were making adjustments and we werent
"21-0 I thought there was a slight chance we could win, 21-7 saw it going down the drain. 24-14 knew we would be losing. 24-21 was just hoping it wouldn't be a blowout."
Ever since that 20-0 lead on the Steelers 2nd half failure and Fitzmagic Bucs near collapse nothing is safe to me
"**Some of the bad things about this game**  
There is literally 0 excuse for the coaching staff today. 21-0 at the end of the 1st Quarter and the game ends 31-27 Colts. There is ZERO excuse for blowing a lead like that. ""bUt ThE pIcK cOsT tHeM tHe GaMe"" *We shouldn't have even been in that situation for a pick to cost us the game.* When you are up 21-0 and the score somehow turns into a 31-27, you can't say it was the interception at the end that did it. There were some points in the game where ZT was just not aggressive enough. Bengals are 9/10 on 4th Down conversions (GETTING ONE IN THIS GAME TOO) and instead of trying for the TD we kick a FG.  
Our OL was the same as always. I was honestly surprised to see Bobby Hart actually make a block, but that was about it from me.  


The Defense was just in shambles today. Our DL was no where NEAR putting up pressure on Rivers and we just kept getting destroyed by the throws to the far left/right on 3rd and long. Multiple conversions on 3rd down from the Colts that should've EASILY been avoided.  


**Some of the good things**  
Joe took some shots deep, well not all necessarily being completions it's good to know that he has a decent arm.  


**AJ GREEN IS BACK BABYYYYYYYY.** From going up against one of the best defenses in the NFL, AJ did really well and I am VERY excited to see his progression back to our star WR. Tee Higgins and Joe Burrow also seem to have a good amount of connections and im excited for this new 9-85 combo.  


Mike Zimmer lost to the FALCONS. With every Viking loss our dreams get 1 inch closer to reality. (Granted the length to reality may be like 5 miles, but Viking fans might be getting fed up with Zimmer.)"
I'm trying to figure out something to say but I'm just so fucking tired of the Bengals I don't have the motivation anymore. I blamed Fat Randy for setting a shitty tone from the first game.
Zac played wayyyyy too conservative when we were up. I made the comparison that when the Ravens were up on us they never let up and kept putting pressure on Joe and we just didn’t have that same drive
Fire Taylor NOW
I don’t think we want zimmer as the HC but I’ll gladly take him as the DC.
Forgot to add that Jesse Bates is looking good. He is probably our best DB/Safety at this moment.
"The Bengals are as bad, if not worse, than those Crucial Catch hats. 
Just putting it in perspective."
I too hope zimmer somehow someway comes back to us.
"No lead is safe. 


Every defense we've had feels like they high five a sign in the tunnel that says ""Bend But Don't Break...Until You Need to Break, Then No Biggie"" 


I don't know for certain, but I'm pretty sure Paul Brown whispered to Mike on his deathbed: ""Whatever you do, don't cover tight ends. Especially if no one has ever heard of them."" 


Final drive comebacks feel as rare as finding a Cincinnatian who prefers Gold Star over Skyline. 


Every. Single. Time.  


I'm simply don't have the ability to ever root for another team...days like today though, I really wish I could."
"Lol. Welcome to our pit of despair. I was a kid watching the Bengals in the 89 Super Bowl. We all know how that went. After the soul crushing defeat, we walked outside to discover that my grandpas car had been stolen. So goes life in Bengaldom."
"> don't have the ability to ever root for another team...days like today though, I really wish I could.

I wish I even liked another sport.

Born next to riverfront stadium and raised by a Bengals fan.  I love the City and the surrounding area so much.  I could never have the same attachment (abusive relationship) with another team but it would be really nice.

I wasn't even raised in a Buckeyes family, which is very strange for a Ohio football household.  So I don't feel the same attachment.  At least Bengals fans growing up as OSU fans have that."
"Does anyone ever consider... if they were good all the time it wouldnt be as fun.   I remember like during 2015 it was like damn.. bengals fn pounded somone again. /shrug.  Eifert scored a TD literally EVERYTIME in teh redzone.  YOud see his arms just snatch and grab the ball like a gd robot and no one could dislodge it.

hell watching games wasnt even fun

&#x200B;

or 05.  no matter how shitty the defense was, Palmer would get pisst and henry would smoke up at half time and theyd come out and just throw 75 yd bombs until the game was over.

&#x200B;

Its the misery that makes this franchise....  Kimo WC game, the '15 WC game.  the biggest meltdown ive ever seen in any sporting event ever combined with the best perf. ive ever seen by a defender ( Burfict).   all the plebs can like their patriots or packers or cowboys

&#x200B;

it takes somone who can appreciate pain and misery to be a bengals fan."
Kinda wish we never got Joe or fired Marvin. It just gave me false hope that this team could change and get better.
[deleted]
"Well, the Bengals lost this game (and many others) on their own. But this league is also driven by enforced parity, which means that officials will steer scenarios, if not outright dictate outcomes. The league comes out year after year and touts what a wonderful thing this parity is and how that parity makes the league exciting. I don't know to whom it is exciting, to witness week in and week out that how the referees get more involved in games and keep teams from separating too much, yet fans keep pretending that outcomes are authentic. The fact that referees are dictating pace and parity aren't even debatable topics in my mind. The only thing that is debatable is why and how tightly that control is moderated, and the extent of the conspiracy. I'd wager it has a lot to do with Vegas and under-the-table deals and kickbacks with owners and backroom interests. It's also no secret that Brown has done quite a bit to draw the ire of the NFL's financial brass over the years.

I saw several holds today that weren't called as the Colts made their comeback. Hold that would have otherwise more than likely stalled drives that resulted in touchdowns. But, the difference between letting them play and stalling the drive was enforced parity.

The final score in no way reflects what would have happened if the league operated with a clearly defined and enforced set of rules and parameters.

All of that being said, you don't go 3-18-1 because of some big conspiracy against your organization. That conspiracy didn't cause Fat Fuck Randy to create a loss out of a win, nor did it allow the Colts to begin running and throwing wherever they desired and blow a 21-0 lead. It didn't cause TD passes to bounce off the chest and out of the arms of Bengals receivers. It didn't cause 2 untimely false starts. It didn't call unimaginative plays or sit in zone defense all day as a 21 point lead disappeared into nothing the exact same why ( a wide receiver finding the same spot in the zone). It didn't cause Bell and Sims to blow their assignments and get confused in coverage. That's coaching, skill and discipline (or a lack thereof all things)."
""
I wish I would have bet because after their first Indys first score I just had that all to familiar feeling
For me it was the bootleg with I think Fred Johnson lined up outside on the left
""
"If we don’t pay Jessie what he’s worth when the time comes, I will be extremely disappointed."
Jessie is literally the only good thing about our defense.
Jessie is a stud.
[deleted]
Idk why that’d even cross your mind. Any other team would be blessed to have Burrow. Burrow didn’t give up 31 points.
Like Joe is even in the top 10 of issues with this team lmfao. He's been the biggest reason to tune in this season and people are already fantasizing about other QBs.
I don’t think I’ve seen that many miscommunications in a game ever. They were picking up so many yards from pure brain farts by our defense. Why can’t both sides of the ball ever put together a good game on the same day?
Poor coaching
"It’s wasn’t miscommunication. It was Lou running Zone and Phillip Rivers picking it apart because there was no pressure on him. He could do whatever he wanted, no team will perform that well with zero pass rush. Dunlap wants to bitch and moan because he’s a benched as a veteran, but look at how he plays.....he’s washed up."
Fuck Lou and fuck this team. Fuck 'em.
I mean offense wasn't that good out side of the first quarter.
Those are the mistakes you expect to see and be corrected in preseason and week one. There's no excuse for it to be happening this far into the season.
Because they’re poorly coached
""
thank you
"Go back to r/Colts, troll. No need to be a sore winner.

Edit: you guys know that OP is actually a colts fan right?"
"since andy starts for dallas now im kinda rooting for them(damn me). And they will just let us down as much as the bengals did today. I know it.

PS: remember tho: every loss is a step closer to a better oline and jim turner finally getting fired(well if we actually had an front office)"
Anyone else keep accidentally clicking on that when trying to go to this sub? Lol
Literally every time lmfao
Wait no lol. Is that why we get a lot of Bengali-related posts that get removed?
Anyone know?
~~2008~~ 2014 against Cleveland is my best guess.
"Last week with the whole trade comment, I can’t help but agree. AJ is elite caliber and is nearing the end of his prime. And he’s waiting on a QB to develop. Imagine if he played for someone with a competent coaching staff like Green Bay for example. I wouldn’t blame him for leaving. In fact I encourage it. Thoughts?"
Idk why everyone thinks we owe aj anything. We payed him the last 2 years to be injured. This year we payed him 18 million not having a clue how he would return. Aj has made 10s of millions the last 3 years from us while doing little to nothing because of injury. Worst case we are even.
"He’s not that guy anymore and a trade is impossible because he’s not that flight anymore and he gets paid like he is. Otherwise, a trade would be in both parties’ best interests if the $ wasn’t such an issue."
Fuck it send him to the Chiefs too lol
He was much much better today. But all he can run is slants
Lol Burrows better as a rookie then Dalton ever was
We can't trade him he make 18 million
Honestly I don't blame anyone who just wants to tell Mike Brown to go fuck himself at this point.  I sympathize more with Carson Palmer now than I ever did.
"Was at the game today, wife had never been to a Bengals game. She unwittingly says ""21-0 you guys are gonna kick their ass!""

Needless to say, we had words and I knew at that moment we were fucked.

Sorry for my wife, it's all her fault."
I knew it had to be something!
""
Fuck zac Taylor
"Fuck Zac Taylor.

That’s all"
"It seems likely the Browns will continue to run the team at sub-optimal levels. What if Cincinnati could get a deal with the NFL to keep the Bengals name and see if another franchise would move here? I can't fathom any more expansion, so a team would have to move to Cincy. Is that even likely? Could we go 10 years while waiting on a team? I believe the stadium lease is coming to an end and tough decisions will need to be made. I just don't see any end to the continuous ineptitude unless there is an ownership change. Please opine."
"No team will move here if the Bengals leave.


See STL, they’d rather add a 3rd team in Texas then come here."
"The NFL won't stand in the way of a team moving. Stan Kronke (owner of the LA Rams and Colorado Avalanche) asked the City of St. Louis for a new stadium. Kronke also lamented the fact that the city doesn't support the team. LA needed another Team and since it made sense for the NFL, they got the go-ahead to relocate from the other owners. Kronke went from asking the City of St. Louis for money for a new stadium to building one in LA. Also, their old stadium isn't paid off. 

The Brown family doesn't seem to have much clout among other owners. They also can't afford to build a new stadium in whatever city they wind up in. It is also unlikely that a city would want: 1) The Bengals and their legacy of mediocrity and 2) Higher taxes to build a stadium. 

The Bengals are stuck in Cincy and Cincy is stuck with the Bengals. 

This time around the City should have a much better negotiating position for the next stadium deal."
Yeah because it worked out soooo great for us
""
The Atlananati Falgals
And on the day we had the biggest lead since our game against the Falcons two years ago. Pain.
Pain
[deleted]
"The way I see it, the absolute ceiling for this team is 5-10-1. In your opinion is that enough progress to keep faith in Zac and his crew? I would really love for us to go after Joe Brady, Eric Bieniemy, or hell, even fire Zac this year and give Darrin Simmons his due.

 I'm not sure we will get that chance after this off season if we keep him."
"Nah. I’m in favor of keeping Taylor through the year only because all coordinators and coaches worth hiring are currently employed. I honestly don’t see a realistic scenario where he keeps his job this offseason, but that’s just my opinion"
I honestly don’t see 4 wins left on this schedule.
No
Yall know damn well he aint getting fired hell stick around for the next five years selling these performances to us. Mike Brown only cares about the browns
"Fuck

No"
This year wasn’t so much about making the playoffs as it is seeing development with Taylor and Burrow. I’ve seen all I need to from Burrow in that area. I see Taylor and the coaching staff continue the trends from last year bad play calling lack of adjustments and losing close games. Anarumo Taylor and Turner have given me zero confidence they will see this team to success.
There wasn’t enough justification for even hiring this coaching staff. There is even less reason to keep them.
"Absolutely. Progress is the name of the game. He gets 3 years. I just want to see us play better and better this year I don't care to much about wins. We knew coming into the season that this team isn't that good right now. Next year is the year that I expect playoff contention. Taylor got handed no linebackers, a terrible o line, and a bunch of solid players on the decline. We knew this wasn't a quick turnaround. We signed him for 3 years and we are going to see if he can get it done in that time. This team is extremely young."
"I’d like to see Simmons become HC and Simmons install a real offensive coordinator, like Hue Jackson. Jim Turner needs to go, and Lou (the Giants defensive backs coach) go as well. Not sure who would be the defensive coordinator though. Mike Zimmer?"
""
Taylor clearly lost the locker room.... can we fire him now (:
"Can you blame him, nobody is happy."
"Zac has clearly completely lost the locker room, Bengals need to fire him ASAP"
"I'm glad that you guys think it's great the veterans are mutinying against the shitty head coach, but they need to at least show up to talk. Darius Phillips getting burned all game. If Carlos were effective in the pass rush, he'd be in there. Rivers looked pretty clean this weekend. None of the secondary with the exception of Bates III has any room to talk after that showing.

Sure, the coaching sucks, but there's been a lot of shit play, and damn near everyone is just kind of walking thru the motions out there, with only a handful really caring."
He hasn’t produced when on the field this seasoN. Not sure how he can be upset at anyone else
No bueno.
What am I missing? Who is talking bad here?
Shut up. Help your team. Be a leader.
""
"I mean, HOF kinda makes the field look a bit better"
Dave Shula is smiling right now.
"So before ZT, if you had a win percentage less than .137 then you have a 25% to a hall of famer... This stat doesn't say much."
"People who are bringing up Zac’s record are stupid. Did we not all think collectively after Finley started that we were tanking. This is the year that matters not last year. I’m not making excuses for the man we call a HC because the absolute choke job by him and Lou was terrible. If we lose to either the Giants or WFT he should be fired at the end of the season. Firing him halfway through is beyond stupid as well. We will become what the media said if we fire him halfway through, an awful place for qbs. We don’t want to become the Browns now do we?"
"Normally I’d agree, but I just don’t see a lot of progress so far from last year to this year."
"Dude the Browns are a QB away from being right up with the Steelers and Ravens, we have a shitshow and a promising QB to lure in coaches for once, we should dump that man and roll with Simmons and if somehow he turns out to be this hidden genius some people think then that's fantastic, if not we get somebody more promising than an overpromoted QB coach"
"I agree, no need to fire him now. He has plenty more games to lose before the end of the season."
"While I agree with you on some points I do think it’s okay for us to bring up Zac Taylor’s record. The Bengals were 0-8 before Ryan Finley was brought in. If ZT decided to keep Finley in the rest of the season I would agree it was a tank job. However, Finley only started 3 games and did horrible so Dalton came back in. We also won 2 out of the last 8 games and lost by only one score on the rest, so I don’t think Taylor was actively tanking. I believe he was trying to compete and still called horrible games. Going into this year it has been the same deal. However ZT and staff never make adjustments. They go in with a game plan and try to stick to it. Long story short, majority of the time ZT and crew get out coached."
Taylor should 100% be fired midseason. It would should the roster that the Bengals don’t accept futility. The players obviously respect Simmons. They don’t respect Taylor. Each time a player is interviewed they chuckle when the reporter brings up Taylor.
"I feel like New England really showed everyone the blueprint on how to beat Sean McVay’s offense. The Rams went 9-7 and missed the Postseason, and took a huge step back offensively.


And while they’re sitting at 4-1 rn, they’re not nearly as good as they were in 2018. 

Basically, this pretty much means the league has solved ZT’s offense, as well."
No it’s deeper than that because they still put up points. Zac makes crucial errors at critical moments. He’s a massive choker in essence.
I mean Taylor carried a clipboard for the guy who carried a clipboard for McVay. If anyone had followed Taylor's career you would know that he was not some big cog in that offense...he was just a position coach. This offense looks a lot like UC's offense in 2015.
I think it has more to do with talent drain against cap hell and Golf not panning out than McVay being not as special as thought.
"I know I’m making very basic assumptions here, but it’s just a thought I had while watching this game."
[deleted]
He's failed at being a HC...like most of Belichick's tree
""
Who Dey
Charge your phone.
Classy
"Just to clarify: I do **NOT** hope we lose to/get sweeped by Cleveland.

However, if that happens to be the case, Taylor is and never will be our guy. Admittedly I bought into the Taylor hype at first as a new face is always refreshing. However, sometime around going 1-14 last year and my faith in him started to dwindle. Yesterday's game was the straw that broke the camel's back.

Cleveland is no shining example of a successful franchise, but they legitimately care about winning games seeing how they improved their positions of need in the off-season. They're trending in the right direction believe it or not.

Also, if I hear Taylor preach about ""culture"" one more time, so help me God..."
"In all of the games Mike Brown hates to lose it is against the Browns.

It was joked about in the past that he is happy with 2-14 as long as those games are won against the team that screwed his family over.

I support whatever gets that bum of a coach out of here."
"I don’t think the guy is the long term answer but they won’t fire him until the end of the season if they even fire him.

They’ve been competitive and in every game except for the Ravens even with the obvious O-line and defense issues.

Mike Brown doesn’t care about being more than competitive in the first place."
Zac Taylor is a joke! Mike Brown won't fire him though.
What I love is how after being Blown out by the Ravens and then blowing a 21-0 lead is his post game he talks about how we are trending in the right direction.  How in the Fuck is that even close to being the case?
I'm not sure why we had such high expectations for last season with the worst OLine in the NFL and one of the worst LB groups the NFL had.
"If we win, Taylor still needs to go."
I think I’ve seen a “Taylor needs to go if we lose to this team” every week. This is getting old. Taylor needs to be better. But more importantly players need to make the plays when given chances to succeed. They just haven’t. There’s a reason players are paid the big bucks
[deleted]
uh... who’s gonna tell him
"I hear all of this talk about bringing in Eric Bienemy, Joe Brady, whoever else. Why don't we consider the experienced and clearly talented special teams coach Darrin Simmons? Even when the team has been shit he has had a tremendous special teams unit. Not only that but he obviously has experience getting the most out of players. He's going to get a shot eventually, so why not let it be with us?"
"To be honest, I think Mike Brown needs to decide to fire ZT sooner rather than later. That way Simmons could be the interm HC and you get a test run to see how he fits"
"That’s why you fire ZT now and have him be interim HC. He’s already assistant? If he doesn’t do well “oh well Darrin you were just a fill in, Zac had us in a bad place go back to special teams while we go out and get someone” or if he does great “hey Darrin want to be the next HC for the Cincinnati Bengals?”"
"I like Darrin, but I feel like a new voice, preferably someone with a good offensive mind and a strong history of winning, would go a long way. This is supposed to be the Joe Burrow era and they need someone to steer the ship for the long haul."
I’d be open to it if all the top options diss us. At least he would be able to bring in some respected coordinators.
"I’d take Eberflus with the colts or Simmons. Our special teams has always been solid. Eberflus has succeeded everywhere he’s been. He put a quick stop to our scoring spree yesterday and they don’t really have any standouts on that defense outside of Leonard, who was hurt."
I would love to see him be the interim HC! Can’t get any worse at this point after that Colts game...
"If he sucks we lose him... He's not gonna go back to special teams if he's a bad HC.. What's his pedigree, other than special teams? Is he also  a offensive/defensive mastermind? I'm going to say probably not, considering we haven't moved him into a OC or DC role up to this point... I think he would be a very risky play.. I don't want to risk a two year stint of Joe Burrow's career.. Next coach should be proven, with some degree of specialty in offense or defense... just my opinion"
Mike Zimmer started out as db coach
I wouldn’t mind. I say give him the rest of the season idc
"
Who are the Bengals Players of the Week in our game against the Colts?  
Nominate your favorite choice for  
**Offensive Player of the Week,**  
**Defensive Player of the Week,** and  
**Special Teams Player of the Week.***  
or
Upvote your favorite submissions.   

##Submit one player per comment - We need to be able to tell why people are upvoting the comment.  

*Duplicates and low effort memes will be removed.*   

##Remember to give reasons (stats, explanation, etc)  

We'd like encourage a format:

**Offense/Defense/Special Teams** - Player Name: Reasons"
Randy Bullock for making sure we get the next number one draft pick
Offense - AJ Green: I know most would say Higgins here but 7 of AJ's 8 catches were for first downs as he was our consistent chain mover.
"Tee Higgins- Really looking promising, seems to get better every week. Really wish he could have scored the TD there on the long catch and run to make his stat line look even better."
"Defense - Jessie Bates: Yet another great game for Bates with a fantastic interception. Don't look now, but Bates could very well be in line for an All-Pro nod this season. He's currently 8.5 grading points higher than any other safety in football per PFF."
Offense - Tee Higgins: He’s getting better and better each week and should be a solid WR for us going forward.
"I realized it’s a MNF game, would be interesting to see how Andy does in prime time with a different team."
Absolutely. I'm rooting hard for Andy. He was always a great guy and gave us a lot of wins. He's now on an offense with great playmakers and a great run game so I'm excited to see what he does.
Sure. It’s NFL football!
"Absolutely will! I wish him nothing but the best. For the first time since the late 90’s, I consider myself a Cowboys fan!"
"Other than the Steelers, there's not a franchise I dislike more. That being said, yep, I 'm going to watch and root for them. How bout them Cowboys!"
"For sure, Red Rifle for life."
if i do watch it’s to see the Cards whoop the cowboys ass
"I hate the Cowboys, tend not to watch MNF anymore, and even I'll be tuning in."
"Hell Yes, hoping Andy looks sharp and rooting hard for him to get to playoffs and win a few there!"
Yep
With the poll I posted last week I have a feeling you will get a pretty solid yes on this
[deleted]
Carlos Dunlaps dads name is..... Dunlap Carlos?
ZT.....that's going to be a hard no from me. We need a coach with some pedigree
"It blows my mind to see anyone in this sub show any support for ZT. The team hasn’t really improved, the play calling has been terrible, and the morale seems to be lower than last years last place season. Let these vets go, with some dignity, as fucking save face for once! If AJ, Dunlap, or any other vet doesn’t want to be here, let them go! I don’t care if it’s a waste of Mike Browns money, time for a culture change."
I would start by trying new coordinators and if nothing improves then Taylor. But I would like this to happen sooner rather than later. I don’t want us to get to the end of his contract in a few years and he has about 6 wins total.
[Bengals have a better winning percentage with Akili Smith starting at QB (.176) than Zac Taylor at HC. (.159)](https://twitter.com/Adams_Hour/status/1318211052266455042)
Kinda understandable as it seems like he’s been treated poorly by the coaching staff
"As much as Mike Brown is a piece of shit, you can't fire coaches out of reactionary, that is how you get bad coaches keep coming and good coaches will stay away from your franchise."
"LOL, for ""this man of god"". WTF does that have to do with anything? Is Satan keeping him from having a decent impact in the pass rush for the Bengals? GTFO with that bullshit. He got sat because he's ineffective. The Bengals are also in full tank mode because they realized they don't have enough of the right pieces to do well enough to be competitive. They will tank this year, and potentially another. Don't be surprised when Zac Taylor is still here in 2022, as much as everyone hates it.

He may get fired after 4 years, but I don't see that happening any sooner."
"i bet after reading this , Bengals management ran to their phones and started looking for offers lol.. what a fckin clown"
"Link's dead, what did he say?"
Hasnt even been 3 full years my god. Hes not going to turn us around overnight especially with this o line and key injuries.
"Why would the Raiders want someone who can’t put pressure on a QB, oh wait this is the same team that traded K Mack to the Bears. Or maybe by next chapter he means a TV guy because football seams to have passed his son."
"The point of this post is about Dunlap's dad, but on a side note I want Carlos to the Raiders so bad! The Raiders are my #2 team and he would thrive in Vegas"
"Taylor has managed to piss off all of our veteran players since he's been here. What an incompetent, soft penised, buffoon."
"Ya it appears he's about to be traded, Ace tweeted some cryptic things as knowing insider info that I think I'm deducing to he is being traded."
Good. Fuck the Bengals
""
If another team offers a 6th or 7th rounder then they have to take it. It’s better than letting him go for nothing.
Definitely a no brainer to trade him for anything. I’m sure they will stand pat because it’s “it’s not their job to make other teams better” and will end up with nothing once he leaves in the off-season.
I’d trade him for a bag of Doritos and a Coke.
Best for both sides. He’s been a trooper not requesting one sooner but he just ain’t it for us. Philly pats could both use a wr
"Yeah John Ross, go ahead and get a fresh start. That'll probably fix your hands lol."
See ya .... and take whoever decided you were a first rounder with you
I wish the trash at my house would remind me to take it out too.
"This was and still is a terrible use of the #9 pick in that draft. John seems like a good guy, and I’ll cheer for him in the future. But it was a bad pick"
"His lack of effort and poor hands are definitely concerning but he should get more targets than Alex Erickson and Mike Thomas every day of the week. He clearly needs a fresh start, I hope we can get something for him and his new team knows how to use him"
Not surprised at this point. Such a great guy but we have so much depth and he never was able to prove himself. Unfortunately his off-season situation with COVID and past injuries never helped him. I hope he finds success elsewhere. It would be nice to get something in return for him but idk if it’s likely at this point. Look at the Mohammed Sanu situation.
John seems like a great guy and I’m rooting for him in the future. Sad and pissed off that we/he couldn’t figure it out in the NFL after looking so dominant in college. The man just cannot track/catch the football for shit
Hope he doesn’t have to take a physical. Would likely reveal he has no hands.
"I mean you have to be worth something for a trade to happen.

He has screwed us hard with his unavailability and his feet for hands. He also hurt himself though."
"Blow it up.

Trade Ross and Dunlap for some picks or OL / LB."
Remind me again who was drafted after Ross? Historically bad pick.
Could we trade him for TJ Watt? That's fair right? Our #9 pick for their #30? That'd be very generous of us I'd think.
Not good
Make yourself tradeable
I'd be happy if we got a case of Gatorade for him
Id trade that SOB for a kool aid packet and a bag of rubber bands. (Bands optional)
Trade for an o-lineman
"I’m surprised Ross never got return duties.

Similar to Josh Cribbs not the best hands but shifty and super quick.

I’m guessing it’s the trust factor."
"If another team offers a sack of tangerines. Take it.

🍊"
In a trade both items exchanged have value.   John Ross approached the team about a donation*
Low effort. No hands. He’s made himself untradeable. Take anything I guess
"I guess some other NFL owner might offer Mike Brown tickets to an away game for him?

I would be happy to get someone at league minimum salary just to save money at this point."
"We have a fresh, shiny Dante Pettis for y'all to try with. Straight up, give both a fresh start."
"Yup, time to move on."
Green Bay has entered chat
John Ross should be trade bait for a team who needs an extra special teams guy or something.  Literally anything on the trading block would be an improvment.
Who the hell would take him. When he’s not hurt he can’t catch for shit
Who would even be willing to trade for him?
He isn’t worth a draft pick
And the chiefs are gonna get their guy
This isn’t newsworthy. We’ll literally take ANYTHING for him.
desperate eagle fan here coming to see his trade value. Is he really that bad you want him to go for a 7th? other than the drops he seems like a guy with a lot of upswing
✌🏻 see ya John
"Hate to trade with a division rival, but I would take David Njoku in a heart beat for Ross."
"Its like nobody really wants to play for ZT and his staff, wonder why? Its fucking sad that we have become fucking cleveland. Mike Brown, youve accomplished what youve always secretly wanted, to just go home."
Send him to Minnesota. Ross for Jefferson who says no?
"I don't really understand why this is such big news, to everyone outside Bengals news this guy is a bust, inflated contract, it's like Njoku for the Browns requesting a trade, well sorry to say nobody wants you. I wish he could get more time in game, but I also understand not giving him time because it's just too many drops, 3rd year or whatever he's in he should have this together, we fucked his potential up. If they don't trade him they lose him for nothing in the offseason, other teams have to see him on the bench not playing, it's not like there's been a secret as to what's going on here.

But ideally I wish he would be given a regular spot in the offense, try to develop him, ease him in if you have to, such high potential and unique skillset for the team, why the fuck are you playing fucking Mike Thomas over him? He had all the work in the offseason with Burrow. I still believe he could be a top wr but it's possible I've looked too much into his successes and not enough into his faults."
I don’t understand why he’s not getting playing time. Especially when we need speed at WR
It's a shame the coaching staff never figured out how to utilize his skillset correctly. So much potential for some huge plays.
""
"Beat me to posting this by about five minutes 🤣 Between AJ’s sideline comments in the Ravens game, Dunlap’s live IG last night and now this I think it is obvious the veterans who have tasted success while in stripes are frustrated with the losing, their diminishing roles and perhaps the poor coaching. Do we sell to the vets off to the highest bidder and truly embrace this rebuild in ZT’s vision for this team or do keep the players and make a coaching change at the end of the season(Zimmer please and thank you)? Thoughts?"
"In other news Joe Burrow is frustrated with his role in the turf....fuck this team is completely imploding. In a year that started out so optimistic, it’s wild how the only character players the team has are turning against them. Dunlap, Aj, and Geno have only ever know Marv and ZT, and after a year and a half of ZT they aren’t happy? Not a ringing endorsement of Zach. None of these guys have produced like the ProBowlers they were under Marvin. I’m very happy to see guys like Bates and Wilson coming in and looking strong, but there has not been any improvement with this organization. We are one step away from being the Jets honestly"
"Just gonna be the devils advocate here. Who of the younger, performing well players is complaining? Mixon, bates, and others have been happy and positive about the team and locker room. What I’ve seen so far is disgruntled vets past their primes, upset at losing snaps. I don’t blame them being frustrated, but let’s be clear about what the issues they have. Dunlap is upset he’s been used less as a pass rusher, yet hasn’t shown any pass rush ability this year. Atkins is still recovering from and injury, and hasn’t had a solo tackle in like 40 snaps. Green has underperformed so far and is mad he’s in a contract year putting up pedestrian numbers at best. Ross, well, he is just self explanatory. Also, these are all holdovers from the Lewis era, they are used to things operating a certain way and change is hard. 

This is in no way a defense of the absolute soft ass scared to lose coaching we’ve seen as of now. I just don’t buy that the problem with Taylor is the locker room disfunction, these are disgruntled employees who expected the bengals to be their usual selves and hold onto the past, allowing vets to play ahead of young guys regardless of performance."
"We haven't had a winning season in what 5 years? Coach goes all in on something different with the talent he was given, and he's wanting the ""leaders"" to step up and adapt.... and they don't/won't.  when was the last time Geno/Carlos/AJ have been winners? They were the leaders on this team that sunk to the bottom of the NFL the past 5 years. Maybe, just maybe, they are part of the problem to."
I dunno how y'all start out so optimistic with this team year in and year out. I used to be like that but 2015 gave me a nice reality check... Seems like ZT has lost the room. He could barely call plays for UC back in 2016 (or 2015?) and anyone who knew him then could tell you this was a poor move.
How many players is Zac Taylor going to alienate before he is fired?  They have to stop the bleeding.
I don’t blame him. One of the best DTs in the league and we keep him benched.
"For all the crybaby Bengal apologists.  Downvote all you want,  as usual Bengal fans overvalue their players,  especially past prime players. Geno just isn't Geno anymore. 

Geno:

(pff) 90.7 (2017), 81.8 (2018), 76.2 (2019), 68.7 (2020)

Sacks: 9 (2017), 10 (2018), 4.5 (2019) 0 (2020)

Qb hit 20 (2017), 19 (2018), 10 (2019), 0 (2020)

His stats have fallen every year.  And don't blame injuries. Each player plays the game.  If he is injured or takes a season or two recover then why are we throwing money at him. He has been either hurt or ineffective for the past two seasons.  So tell me why he should get play time and be paid as a top 5 player at his position?

Dunlap:

(pff): 53.3 (2020). I can't find all his pff stats but we can all agree he has been probably the best or one of the best Bengal defenders of the decade.  I think we can all also agree has been ineffective this year.  Is that on him or schemes the coaches are using that aren't using his skill set appropriately.  Between the two I feel he has a better case to complain about usage."
""
The Ickey Shuffle. He had to do it on the sidelines because the No Fun League banned it as a TD celebration in the end zone.
"Ah, the good ol days when the Bengals wouldn't just lay down and get punked by the Steelers every year."
That was pretty much his last go around in the NFL.
That ticker changed so fast I had to rewind to be sure there wasn’t an NFL team in Winnipeg
Fuck the Steelers!
thicc
"Although I was only 16, I don't remember him being that big. Dude looks solid."
"That was amazing.  Literally laughed out loud in my home office.

Any time I'm having a rough day I hope I remember this superpump because it will get my mind right."
"Great clip!  I miss those glory days, the Bengals were good, the Reds won the world series."
Awesome.
man I wanna see Mixion do this rather then that dance were it looked like he hurt his leg
The Ickey Shuffle!
Imagine having a 12 play drive
Football was so weird looking back then
"Mike Patrick and Joe Theismann, ESPN Sunday Night Football. Man what a great crew."
I'm angry that you did not refer to this by the proper name.
"I expected to laugh, but didn’t."
What do you guys think of Zac Taylor as a coach?
"Defense sucks, O-line sucks, Coordinators suck, and because of that, it's been almost 2 years and I still don't know wtf Zac is. Honestly at this point I don't care if he could be good, we don't have time to develop our fucking coach lmao we need to bring in a guy who actually has experience so we don't ruin our QB"
I still wonder how he even got the job. His performance certainly hasn’t proved anything.
"A lot of the fanbase has been negative on him recently with the locker room turning against him (at least Marvin's vets), along with him not taking responsibility during pressers.

I'm personally disappointed in the staff he assembled and hasn't altered.  I think he has promise.

I think the fanbase would feel differently if we had a good defensive coordinator and these games we lost by a few points tipped the other way."
Bummmmmm. Dude makes zero adjustments and has completely lost the veteran players on the team
"He sucks. We're 1-4-1. One bad loss to the Ravens which is understandable. The other 3 losses have been one score games. Then the tie. Can't win any close games. I believe we've won 1 road game since he's been here. And now the non-diva vets (Geno, Dunlap, AJ) are becoming unhappy. We need to show him the door."
Dudes a bum. end of story.
This should be an interesting thread
lmao just endless threads about this. HE FUCKING SUCKS STOP ASKING
"Decent, but he needs to keep developing, just like all the players."
If he doesn't improve every year he should piss off I think but ofc the sub has the patience of a toddler.
"Doing about as good a job as our inept POTUS. 

Not sure who's worse at this point."
"We knew that Zac was potentially a few years away being a a good to great head coach (Will he become the next Belichick after the Browns fired him?). If we fire him now who would we replace him with? There are 10 teams with worse records than us and Washington (possibly due to health), New York Jets, Atlanta and others might be in the market. I don't want a retread. I want the next big thing that will take us to the next level.

The real issue for this team is poor team building.  How many of our players have left this team and became Pro Bowl players elsewhere? We have not drafted a quality team and have had multiple busts the last couple years.  I think the draft class this year has a LOT of potential but the past few years have been bust after bust unfortunately.

  The defensive line injury situation doesn't help either."
"I'm just curious on everyone's general opinions on him. I felt that we should just give him time to develop as a coach but seeing him lose confidence from guys like Dunlap, Atkins and Green is a big oh shit because those dudes are like top professionals. The losses are extremely frustrating cause we keep making silly mistakes and he seems to shift the blame of himself. Also he wont get fired cause Mike Brown probably hasn't noticed the season has started."
Losing confidence from those guys is what has me really worried
"I'm willing to give him the rest of this season, but if we don't see vast improvements in the second half of the year we should move on."
"I understood it last year. Rushed staff and first year, it was bound to be a down year. Not to mention Finley starting three games, two of which I think Andy would have won. With those two games and maybe one play going a different way in the Seahawks and Dolphins games, I don’t think it’s that far out there to say they were a 5-6 win team.

But it doesn’t appear that last year was an isolated incident. He’s 1-12-1 in one-score games. Generally, you see teams go about .500 in those games. Granted that’s not a hard and fast rule but it’s typically how it goes. So by that metric, an “average” coach would get between 5 and 8 wins in those situations (14 games). Taylor has 1. He should probably have 3 this year alone (Chargers, Eagles, Colts) but he only has 1 for his tenure.

I don’t think the Chargers game is that egregious. They coached that game fairly well I thought. They saw Burrow get sacked 3 times in the first half and adjusted for the second half and he wasn’t sacked again. It came down to your star receiver making a rare bone-headed move on a perfect pass for the win and then your typically reliable kicker having a freak miss for OT. 

The Eagles game was fine for about 3 quarters. They played to not lose entering the fourth and that forced them to OT. Then they’re gifted the ball at their own 41 in OT, only needing a field goal to win and decide they only need 5 blockers against a team that sacked Burrow 8 times that game. So they keep trading punts until it ends in a tie. I’d also point to the end of regulation and OT. They didn’t even try move the ball to win. End of regulation was a kneel down and end of OT was a handoff to Mixon. I get it was a tall ask to get into FG range with 15-20 seconds but they didn’t even try. 

Then the Colts game. All I’m gonna say that between 2016 and Sunday, teams that had a 21+ point lead were 93-0. After this past Sunday, that record is now 95-1. There is plenty of terrible coaching to point out in that game but I feel like 95-1 explains it better. Actually I will throw in the fact that the DL we had on the field for the Doyle TD on 3rd and longish did not have Dunlap, Atkins, OR Lawson. 

At a certain point, these losses (or ties) are entirely on coaching. He can’t close out a game and is mediocre at best managing the roster."
I think it's dumb to leave one of the best QB talents in the hands of a coach that is  obviously out of his league. They're going to end up completely wasting Burrow if they stick with Taylor.
[deleted]
"It's one hundred percent obvious he's not fit to be a head coach yet. This is not even a debate. His only wins are against Gase, Marrone, and Kitchens. His offensive playcalling is downright atrocius. The whole staff is somebody his father in law knows. Those of you who think he deserves another chance haven't watched enough professional football (but you are all handsome and strong still)."
"To me, there are two serious red flags regarding his ability to be a head coach in this league.

1. His choice in assistants - Jim Turner has well known character concerns and doesn’t have any qualifications that justified his hiring given those concerns in my opinion. Lou has shown a clear lack of understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of our personnel. Constantly playing soft zone is absolutely infuriating to watch. We are a terrible zone team.

2. Attention to detail - good coaches win close games with the little things. good examples this past week are the horrible FB dive on 3rd and 1 and the field goal on 4th down with Randy that he doinked off the upright when we’ve been great on 4th this year. Also, our inability to identify why we get gouged by opposing offenses time and time again in the 2 minutes before half is insane.

He comes off as a good and smart guy to me. But I’m not sure he’s got the experience to lead a team, especially with sub par assistants. I was really hoping we would land Del Rio at DC to bring some more experience to this team."
Hopefully nobody tugs on the visor of his ballcap.
"If be can't beat the browns, fire him and Turner and move Simmons to interim head coach. He's lost the locker room, he's double downed on Olineman who are undisciplined and untalented, and he can't win close games. 

I say after the browns game because after that we have the titans and the Steelers, so if he loses to the browns we will effectively be 1-7-1.  If he can't win a close game against a team that just got schlacked by the Steelers, he won't beat the Steelers or Titans."
"Here’s s what he inherited, Mixon, Boyd and Hopkins on O. Atkins and Dunlap and Bates on D. That’s pretty much the entire list of starting talent. Green hasn’t really been in the mix. It’s not a very long list. Let’s face it they aren’t very talented and it shows. Hopefully some of the young players can step it up and I honestly think they can. I won’t say I’m sold on Zac. I want better coaching surrounding him."
https://i.imgur.com/T3k0eIa.png
[removed]
"Listen, while I agree he’s a bust. Two coaching staffs gave up on him, not just Taylor, we have seen Green, Dunlap, Atkins, Williams, Tate’s agent, and Phillips ALL say they are frustrated. There is a breakdown between the players and coaching staff right now and I personally believe it’s about to boil over."
"It's understandable to be frustrated with Ross through the first couple weeks, but the man has basically been a healthy scratch since. Sure he dressed last week since Tate was hurt but I can't say I'd rather see Mike Thomas out there dropping catchable balls and Alex Ericson not getting open than giving Ross some snaps and a chance to redeem himself. Not only that but if you want to get an asset back for him by the trade deadline it would benefit the team to show the league that he's worth rostering.

 Remember the reverse that he fumbled in his first game against Houston and how the fanbase skewered Marvin for putting him in the doghouse for a season? I want that same energy for the coaches and front office right now, when they would rather fuck themselves over by scuttling any trade value these guys have by keeping them off the field, hurt their players potential at getting a good deal elsewhere, scare off future free agents from coming here, and most importantly sabotage their chances of winning games by putting a coaches petty ego first instead of letting their best players play. As a bonus locker room morale is likely at an all time low. /endrant"
[deleted]
"We shouldn't panic until they update their Facebook relationship status to Zac Taylor to ""It's Complicated""."
"Honestly just ship them to somewhere nice and give em a shot for a title we suck with or without them, and honestly might get an ok pick/trade for Geno"
Maybe we can trade them for a few Bobby Harts Jr's.
Trade Em
"Are we in middle school?? I hate this kind of reporting, usually by low effort reporters trying to break news that they think is important."
Grown men or 8th grade girls?
"Other player have been better tbh, Geno has also been injured so if we trade them and Ross its all good with me"
"Can't blame them, no excuse for having your best pas rushers on the sideline when you're getting torched by handsome Phil who is facing no pressure."
Carlos can suck a butt. He's in his 30s and has only ever had 1 season over 10 sacks. Geno is one of my favorite players and now that reader is in the group id hate to see him go. But he's aging too. Sounds like 2 men sad about being old (for their positions)
Dunlap I get wanting to move but Atkins makes no damn sense.
Sounds like Zac Taylor sucks.
"Trade Bait, Oooh ah ah"
"The tendency is to group these guys together. Make no mistake, Atkins is an all time great. Dunlap is streaky and although he’s had some good runs, he’s no Atkins. Dunlap’s production can and should be upgraded and Atkins has earned a shot at getting healthy and producing. That being said they both will be gone after this season. You have to look at it like this, who do teams game plan around? It ain’t Dunlap."
"It's clear shit has been going on behind the scenes of the org for a long time now. The cracks are now becoming giant chasms at this point. We're witnessing a crazy-ass meltdown, fam."
"The inmates are overtaking!!! Accept these guys were wrongfully convicted, and the sheriff and warden are completely incompetent"
""
This is all I have ever known for any sport in Cincinnati lmao
Officially in “at least we’re not the Jets” mode
I’d like to see what panic mode actually looks like at this point.
I mean who expected anything significantly better than 2-14 with the only addition being  rookie QB?!!?
Guys there is no need to panic.  Just listen to ZT.  We have a great culture.  We are trending in the right direction.  So lets all relax and ride the 1-14-1 wave.
The Bengals since Mike Brown took over
"At this point, I kinda hope they do continue to suck... because then we'll get another very high draft pick, which they can use to fix that shitty o-line and pass rush."
Haven't panicked since 1/9/2016 and vowed to never panic like that again
Still having a better season than the Jets lmao
"I’m really surprised that the Bengals haven’t lost every game this year. Rebuilding or not, this team is bad and the coaching is worse."
We have our QB. I wonder what we could get from other teams for a crack at Lawrence or Fields at #1 or #2 picks?
Am 25. A quarter century. Have never seen a playoff win. Theres no relegation so i guess its fine.
"Who on earth actually predicted the Bengals would be even mediocre this year?

We need an offensive line and an entire defense. That’s a lot"
"We're just one step closer to a new head coach and a top 10 pick. At this point, I'm okay with the losses as long as we protect Burrow."
you should of put Mike Browns head on there. Then this would be 100% accurate.
All part of Taylor's 3 year plan to get a 6-10 team to 8-8
When are we gonna get a good coach.
Its a dance with the devil in pale moonlight when I think about Cincinnati sports. It's a requirement to be a hopeless romantic for our sports so when the sports demons drink our pain it taste sweet.
I hate how Gase is making Zac Taylor look like Bill Walsh rn. ZT gotta go 😭
They’re rebuilding. Everyone seems to have forgotten that.
[deleted]
"Ouch. ""I'm just here so I won't get fined"""
Burfict also left a comment earlier this week about how we should have kept Marvin... And also how we should've kept him.
"Not good for the coaches to be losing a once defensive leader. Especially when it doesn't look like they have an immediate exit plan for him. It would probably be different if our D-Line looked awesome with Dunlap in his ""new role,"" but instead it still looks like trash."
This and his little instagram live last night where he just rambled and made zero points are ridiculous. Just cut him or trade him if he's gonna bitch about being bad and getting sat.
""
What was it?
https://twitter.com/EvilAndyDalton/status/1138128810921119744?s=20
""
[deleted]
I hope we can get something for him and find him a team that'll give him some chances. I'm still not convinced Mike Thomas or Alex Erickson are better options.
With all the drama with our aging veterans I just wanted to say that we have a young amazing safety that is making a run at DPOY. Im excited for the future of our defense.
"A safety isn’t winning DPOY on a team as bad as ours.

He looks great though."
He'll need at least 8 picks by seasons end to get consideration since safety is a turnover dependent position to get recognition league wide. I Do hope we extend him sooner than later though.
It’s crazy that he’s still just 23 years old. Hopefully he can keep the safety spot locked down in the future just like Geno has locked down the DT spot for the last 10 years
He's certainly a bright spot. Love the kid.
Not much of a hot take. That’s very known.
Won't matter Mike Brown is still the owner.
Gonna miss him when he earns a big ass contract
Jesse Bates and WJ3.  Certified good
Excited about our defense?....That makes 1 of us.
Fans who blame Mike Brown are the most toxic Bengals fans.
""
"This is just my interpretation, so could be bullshit.  Lapham was acknowledging that when times are tough with the local sports franchise, the families of the players and coaching staff hear about it from the general public in their daily lives."
He was asking if the people of Cincinnati and specifically kids that go to school with ZT kids or day csre(idk how old his kids are) are giving him shit for being a less than pathetic head coach
"I’m glad that Paul Dehner wrote an article like this for The Athletic. It needed to be said. I posted a 2021 predicted depth chart 2 weeks ago. I had both Carlos and geno cut from the team to save cap and to get rid of guys that just aren’t productive anymore. This was a week before geno got back. People thought I was crazy to cut geno. “Why would you cut our only pass rushing interior DL.” Sorry but geno isn’t a good pass rusher anymore. Neither are. Geno has played 37 snaps. 0 tackles, 0 pressures, 0 anything. Carlos has been one of the least productive DEs in the league. And together they take up $25 million in cap. Any neither wants to play here anymore. Don’t bring up trades because no team is going to trade for a player with large cap hit and no production as well as being over 30 years old. We need to get over the guys from the 2015 core. Let them go and create a new core. One with bates, Wilson, Pratt (hopefully), reader. Geno and Carlos are only hurting this team right now."
I would do anything possible to trade and not cut
"Yeah, if they are going to give this one more year, they need to finish the house cleaning and rebuild that OL this off season so that there are no excuses any more. I haven't seen Geno be Geno since the knee injury personally, and Carlos has really dropped off this season after he began to show signs of age last year. Hubbard has a visible positive difference in energy when he is on the field, I am sure the other young players do too. Dunlap and Geno are either not as hungry or not as able any more, I fully agree with that. 

As much as it seems like things are in the air on the field from a coaching standpoint, we are seeing the growing pains of drastic change here, and it is hard to live with. The young guys are clearly outplaying the vets though, and they are rightfully seeing their snaps increase as a result. This is what we should be expecting. You don't perform, you don't play. Hopefully the team brass takes the hint the coaching staff is sending and cuts the last of the necrotized skin off this thing so it can truly begin to heal."
"Sure cut them after the season if you think they're washed. Benching them for practice squad caliber players now accomplished nothing but tearing the locker room apart. You could argue that you're developing younger players by giving them snaps this season but let's not delude ourselves into thinking we should be leaning on Bledsoe or Xavier Williams going forward.

 The coaching staff and front office have given up on winning this season and are trying to deflect blame on the guys who have worked the hardest for this organization. Zac Taylor and his putrid staff did the same thing last season the only difference is Burrow hasn't been benched so we're not 'officially' tanking."
Geno at the very least is worth a trade.
[deleted]
"We can’t afford another Dalton situation where we get zero return for a veteran. We need to get the most draft capital possible for Ross, Dunlap, Atkins, Green, Shawn Williams. If we end up with a bunch of late round picks then great, we do fairly decent in the 4th-6th round anyway. If I’m not mistaken Green, Dunlap and Atkins are our biggest contracts (minus Reader) so getting them off the books will be a win as well."
Don't cut. Trade the pair of them for a decent offensive linemen!
Not gona lie I wasn’t stoked when both these guys got huge extensions. They literally haven’t been worth those contracts in any fashion.
""
Not bad for the rookie
It's a shame that his adjusted net yards per pass attempt stat is getting absolutely demolished because of how many times he's getting sacked.
I'm starting to think this kid might be okay at playing football
Not bad for a running back
He has thrown some beautiful passes downfield too. Incredibly accurate when he does have the time.
The kid is special no doubt. The organization needs to match that.
"Give Burrow at least an average (NFL-caliber) line, and he will be strong. Give him a GOD line, and Burrow could be the one who destroys them all.

The front office of this org needs to realize this shit. Seriously."
Yeah but what are the numbers looking like for downfield throws? They can't be very pretty
"Just imagine those numbers, and his numbers over 19 yards, if we had invested our FA dollars into Conklin and we would have traded a 2021 pick for Thuney."
He sucks at defense though
But hebert but hebert... Nevermind he has a not so great cast of wideouts.
"It was supposed to read TOUGH ... NOT THOUGHT .
I understand the afc north part, but it just seems like they have a brutal schedule this year. Shouldn't the shit teams be handed a little better card or it doesn't work that way?"
Looks like a pretty average NFL schedule to me... we are just bad so the schedule looks tough.
Could you imagine if we weren’t playing the NFC East this year? The schedule looks tough because of the AFC North and that’s pretty much it.
"The schedules are formulaic and not based on the outcome of the prior season. 

[Helpful article](https://operations.nfl.com/the-game/creating-the-nfl-schedule/)

“A formula determines each team’s opponents every year, and a rotating schedule ensures that every team plays each of the other 31 at least once in a four-year period.”

Our NFC opponent is the NFC east (aka dog sh*t). Our AFC opponent is the AFC south (two of which are dog sh*t). Our other two AFC draws were the Chargers and the Dolphins. I say all that to say being in a good division does GREATLY impact strength of schedule because anecdotally speaking our division and rando AFC draw seems pretty favorable."
"being sucks at previous year affect ONLY 2 games a year.

the 2 game this year is Chargers and Dolphins"
"Next year is gonna be rough too.

We draw the AFC West and NFC North. Our In-conference opponents will most likely be the Jets and Jaguars."
"Ready for the downvotes, It’s only horrible because we are soooo bad. If we were a good team with a veteran coach and a running back that was top tier we might have a chance."
[deleted]
We need OL or DL in round 1. Rousseau if he’s there. Marvin Wilson maybe. Or Wyatt Davis.
We just need to draft the best O-lineman available in every round.
"Please not a corner, we need a lot more pass rush before we need D backs."
"Surtain isn't as good as advertised.  Lsu fan.  Granted I hate bama, but surtain isn't a lock down corner..."
Pick 6.....That’s cute
Be up for trading every pick a current winey baby on our current roster for as many 1st 2nd or 3rd rounders we can
Please let Micah Parsons fall to us if we don’t get Sewell
Who else was available at this spot?
""
[deleted]
It's a dumb question to ask him about possibly being on the hot seat of course he isnt going to acknowledge it
I mean it's a press conference are you expecting to him to start breaking out in tears
he’s probably not on the hot seat knowing the brown family
Marvin probably called and told him not to worry about it
"Ok guys don’t roast me too hard but this is what I think would be perfect. So first Zach Taylor gets one more year to turn things around. Ik ik we want him out now but I’m only keeping him to give joe Brady one more year to prove himself in the nfl. REUNITE THE JOES. 

Next pls get Penei Sewell. Him and Jonah as our tackles for the next decade plus would keep our lord and savior joe burrow’s jersey the cleanest in the nfl. Maybe  try to take Trey Smith if he falls into the second round and josh Meyers in the third. Try to get a veteran guard in FA to mentor all the young guys and obviously a new oline coach. I was thinking that one oline coach that used to work out Georgia. I forgot his name 

Third hire Marcus freeman form Cincinnati as our defensive coridinator. He’s an up and comer and young so we might be able to build with him for the next 5-10 years before he gets a HC job

Conclusion- Now ik most of this isn’t going to happen and I’m probably just a casual chasing big names but it’s something to try to get excited for. Every week bro I promise I question why I had to like chad Johnson so much to the point where I became of fan of this organization lol. It pains me to see the consistent success the Steelers have due to a good owner and front office"
I'm hoping for Sewell but I feel like there's to many bad teams that could finish worse than us.
I have never understood the Joe Brady hype. He didn’t even call plays at LSU and he’s not lighting the world on fire in Carolina. They average 40 more yards and 1.5 more points per game with a better line and receiving core.
"No. No. no no no no no.  The dream scenario is they fire Taylor and Turner in a week, trade Green, Ross, Adkins, and Dunlap for either draft picks or a solid O-lineman,  promote Simmons to interim HC, we win only one more game ROS. At the end of the year we start fielding trade offers for the number 1 overall pick until we get at least 3 first round picks and 3 second round picks.  We cut Bobby Hart, Redmond, and Fred Johnson.  Simmons moves back to STC. we interview only coaches and coordinators who made the playoffs unless Zimmer gets fired and we hire him.  THEN we hire the best offensive minded OC that can call plays and coach an o-lineman. That happens 2-3 weeks after the season ends so that the coaches can get together and plan a proper offseason and draft picks.  

I hate trading Green, Dunlap, and Adkins as they have been great and are underutilized right now.  They still have good football in them and it bugs me that they aren't getting the respect they deserve.  But their age and contracts are not favorable."
There is a lot to like here!
"> Marcus freeman form Cincinnati

What's the reasoning here?"
Zac*
"Zac is off to a worse start. Dave finished 8 - 24 after his first 2 seasons. Zac is sitting at 3-18-1

Mike Brown continued the Dave Shula for 4.5 seasons! We get Zac for another 3 full seasons before he gets fired!"
"No, Dave was better!!"
Worse. Taylor wont ever win 8 games total.
"I don’t get all the Zac hate. It seems like most of our players revolting are on the defensive side of the ball, we lost the Eagles and Colts game due to defensive collapse and we brung in a ton of defensive talent but have yet to see the results. It’s pretty clear that Zac mainly focuses on the offensive side of the ball and Lou handles the defensive side which is a problem. Imo we need to overhaul the entire defensive staff this offseason and bring in a experienced DC. We now have plenty of talent on the roster to entice the right person to come take over. Zac’s offense has put us in a position to win almost every game this year with a bad oline and if we can fix that then the wins will come."
""
"Another 20yr old protest site

http://www.mikebrownsucks.com"
Can we start a class action vs Mike Brown?
*Coaching winning football under Mike Brown and family is hopeless.*
"It was on 83% of snaps as well 

Resign this man"
"While this is a great stat, it is worth noting TY hasn’t looked the same this year as his name would indicate"
"He's looked good against pretty much everyone but Odell to this point, hope we extend him and Bates to build around."
Really hoping we do especially if Geno and Dunlap’s contracts are off the books for whatever reason. I’d bring back Alexander too
Resign Bates and WJ3 then that backfield has two ProBowl caliber players (AllPro in Bates case) along with Vonn to keep it locked down for years to come. ...now just to get that coaching figured out.
WJ3 is good but stopping TY hasn't been too hard this season.
Jackson has earned his extension. Especially since we have NO IDEA what we have in Trey Waynes.
Ya but what  when he wasn't
"Eh. I gotta be honest, William Jackson doesn't look anymore than mediocre to me. TY looks very washed up this year so a good performance against him doesn't say much to me. Jackson has struggled against star receivers (Odell ate him alive)"
"Lmao WJ3 should have been called for holding or pass interference on almost all of the ""good plays"" I witnessed"
"Also, Indy can't meme."
"You mean, like, fatten them up and put them in a 3-point stance?

I'm not 100% against it."
"Lol, no team is giving o-lineman, a position that’s already stretched thin throughout the league, for Ross and AJ. You’ve be lucky to get a low round draft pick(s)"
"We need to stop being delusional and thinking that any combination of people we’re willing to give up (Carlos, AJ, Ross, Geno) will net in decent lineman. There’s a reason we are ok parting with them."
Name the team that would give up a decent lineman for them. I'll wait.
[removed]
[deleted]
"I remember weirdly liking him that one season he played for us while Palmer was hurt. There was probably only like 2 games where he was good, but it still stuck with me. I will always love this man. Also, gave one of the best [interview videos ever](https://youtu.be/u43LfL3gC2Y) lol"
[deleted]
Carson then fitz then Jordan palmer
"He always reminded me of Brucey from the longest yard, that year. He was very antsy in the pocket and hopped around a lot lol."
We started 0-8 and the second half of that season we actually started to look like a team.
"I will always love that guy. Seeing him elsewhere - glad he got to start, but one of the best backups in the history of the league IMO"
Glowup
"While he played for the Bengals, he lived next door to my brother. Great guy and very nice family"
"Ladies and Gentlemen: Bengals legend, Ryan Fitzpatrick"
This is the man that lead us to a tie with Philly!
Wait until you age ...
"It's so Bengals-like that he wasn't given the chance to succeed. Given how long his career was, if he landed somewhere stable, he could've had an even better career than he did."
"Yeah I know, all I remember that year was it was a depressing season. This is one year I barely watched games."
"Welcome to Meet Then Enemy, /r/bengals Q&A Thread for each matchup.  
We figured the fans on each team's sub more about their team, so why don't we ask each other?  

This week we're inviting the fans over at /r/browns   for some friendly Q&A. 
Browns fans, help yourself to some flair on the sidebar!  

*No trash talk or flamebaiting allowed, this is a civil thread.*"
Myles please don’t kill Burrow
Hopefully the defense learned to tackle since the last time we played the browns. Maybe Chubb being out will help.
"Love your QB, Bengals!! I’be been pulling for him all season, and hope he starts getting protected better. 

Also, I think I’m just going to start hanging out in your sub for a while. r/browns is filled with Baker hate and I can’t stomach that right now. Cheers to Burrow!!!!"
Browns fan here. Someone hold me. Last week has left me in emotional distress.
Browns fan who’s a little nervous about this one. You guys look alright we just looked like shit. Both teams need a bounce back win big time.
"Just want to say that I hope it's a good game, no injuries. I also hope Baker can figure it out and be a solid QB for you guys."
"Just wanted to drop by to say r/Bengals has the best memes, hands down. This sub is a goldmine of laughter and I’m always sending my Bengals friends the memes. 

I’m envious of how good you guys are at roasting Bobby Hart. We have our own “public enemy #1” in Andrew Sendejo, but are nowhere near the roasting skill."
[deleted]
"As your rival, I hope you lose this week. 

But bigger picture, in a fan of the game kind of way, I'm honestly concerned about Burrow getting out of this year alright. 

Please don't Andrew Luck him, Bengals. He's too exciting to watch for football to be robbed of him early."
When is Chubb expected to come back?! I have him in my fantasy league
"I think this is going to be a fun “rivalry” for the next 5-10 years where both teams are going to be good. For the first time in a long time, both teams are set up for a future of success."
"Yo, Jessie Bates is incredible. I think you guys have a player to build a secondary around with him. I hope between Bates Burrow and Mixon you guys can build a solid team. I'd love for the division to be super competitive with all 4 teams fighting for the next 4-5 years."
"Hi guys, just seeing how the buckeyes are shaping up on the bengals roster. I live in Columbus and have been a buckeye/Cleveland sports fan my 27 years on earth. So, I want my browns to win, but my buckeyes to do well and get that big contract. I know it was a hot topic with browns for years why they didn’t draft more osu guys. How’s it turning out with your abundance of them?"
"has anyone on r/bengals discussed what benching burrow after the point the season is completely lost might do? Imagine it's week 12 and there is no way for the bengals to make the playoffs. Burrow is out there getting demolished by pass rushers. Do any of you see merit and benching him to protect him from possible injury? I realize that won't sit well with the locker room or Burrow, but not destroying the franchise year one seems like a reasonable thing to do. Thoughts?"
I think round two will be closer than round one.
"A rehash of my reply to one of yours venturing into r/Browns recently:

We share embarrassing scorelines against a common adversary. There’s no denying the defensive progress you’ve made. Offense, who knows at this stage‽

I’m looking forward to the game, and no more effing injuries.

Oh yes. Fark the ratbirds and the squeelers!"
Look you guys clearly wont make the playoffs. You guys let us win and get a better draft pick and we tell Myles to not kill burrow. Win win I think. Maybe you can get some beef upfront with your pick
"Hey all, brown’s fan that lives in Cincinnati, at least we can all agree, fuck Pittsburgh, and the ravens and art modell."
"Let’s try to get through this game with no more injuries for either side.  Baker and Burrow leading Ohio to greatness over the sister-fisters and cousin fuckers of the AFC North for the next 10 years would be sweet.  It’s time for Ohio to shine, as long as The Browns are on top :-).  We love to give you Cinci guys shit, but you’re still family !"
Honestly I'm just looking to see if our orange is more different than your red lol. I HATED watching games against you cause I hated our new unis and our orange looked too similar to your red. I'm a simple man.
Is it safe to put Browns D/ST against Bengals or Carolina against NO? Why (or why not)
My God I wish we had Joe Burrow
You guys think Mixon will play this week? Seems like he’s injured a lot.
Skyline Chili is overrated
you guys seem pretty fun
"Serious question: We all know Burrow is going to be a force to reckon with. Hate that you guys landed him. However, do you wish you kept Dalton for at least one more year to build up an offensive line to protect him?"
Wife got her masters at LSU so by default I've been an LSU fan for many years now. Love Joe and can't wait to see him grow.
"I’m genuinely worried with the “Baker Out” brigade in full force that Bengals management sees a real opportunity to hit us whilst we are weak. What I mean is, many are saying this is a make or break game for Baker, the pressure is on so I think you guys will be ready to go all in"
"I think as long as the bengals can protect Burrow and provide him decent weapons he’s going to be a really good QB in this league for a long time. Honestly love how the qb situation is shaping out in the afc north with Mayfield, Lamar, Burrow. And you know once Ben retires the Steelers will have another franchise qb lined up. I think Baker will bounce back and take care of business this week. He’s always played pretty good against you guys and I don’t see that changing Sunday. Should be a good match up though"
I love me some Joe Burreaux! Hopefully it's another barn burner! That was such a fun game to watch.
"If Teller plays I expect the Browns to win, if he doesn't...I still expect the Browns to win but wouldn't be surprised if they didn't

Baker hasn't shown he can win a game where he doesn't have the defense thinking about the run since his rookie year"
"Another Browns Burrow fan here. I had a few argument with a few muppets on r/NFL about how well he is playing despite the losses. Plus he seems funny as fuck. The response to his hand size measurement was great. I loved the chat on Mic'd up as well where the refs were telling him to go down, and he said 'did you see last week? I'm learning'.

Hopefully, he doesn't lose his mojo like our lord and saviour Bake seems to have done since his rookie year.

On the game, whats up with AJ Green?

Thanks for having us by the way. Who's the downvote picture? I can't make it out."
Any underrated players us Browns fans should be looking out for to make a few surprise plays? Love Joe Burrow and you guys are easily the team I dislike the least from the AFC North haha
Hey everyone! As a browns fan I feel for yall and personally love Cincinnati (the city). Let's hope for a fun and injury free game Sunday!
Nobody likes u
"Hey! Hoping for a good game. Nick Chubb being out is of course a big loss, but our Offensive Guard Wyat Teller being out has also impacted our game a lot. He was important in our early victories."
Browns fan here: I really like your QB. Please force your team to get him some protection or figure out how to keep him upright before you play the Stillurs. Bad blocking against the Stillurs this year is no good for QB health.
Browns fan here. I think we should start a gofundme to get you bengal boys an indoor practice facility. I played ball up in Cleveland and that highschool now has an indoor field...
"I think the Bengals might win this week.  This feels like the beginning of another death spiral for the Browns. We beat the Jags, Jets and Giants and finish 7-9."
Browns fan here.  What is the prevailing opinion from Bengals fans about Vontaze Burfict's hits?
"Browns here, Bengals just do us all from a Ohio a favor let Burrow live through the season"
""
"Mike Daniels can return to practice, I don't think he's allowed to play just yet"
"Hell yea, I really like Daniels!"
With the shuffling d-line situation I'm not sure what this really means.
""
This person is single handily keeping this sub from plummeting into chaos
Ah. A masterpiece.
You've done it again
Were in the hunt for #1 overall again! Back to back draft champions!!!
I love these
Really wish someone would make a Cinati Bengos bumper sticker or t-shirt. 🤞🏻
Stink bowl.
I don’t know what it is. But I love it. Is it a opossum?
:)
This is so stinkin wholesome
do a [bingal berrel](https://youtu.be/MIm_UxiyEBA) for the next match up pls
Love it. But isn’t the browns mascot a dog??
The toilet bowl!
Can you do dog shit too? Pls?
""
[deleted]
Why the hell not? Bring him in and throw him in at RG. Anything is better than what we currently have.
He’s a decent guard too. Better than what the bengals have.
"Since Spain will definitely be a good sign for us, it makes perfect sense that we will not make it happen lol"
"As a West Virginia native, WVU alumnus, and fan of trying whatever we can to keep our young, generational talent upright, I approve."
Clearly more talented then what we have at guard so clearly we won't do anything!
"They shouldn't consider it, they should be blowing up his agent's phone."
"It’s a good idea, which is why it won’t happen."
Can't be worse than what we have
He would easily be our best guard imo
*Bengals sign Andre Smith a 4th time*
I don't see how it could hurt... you can always release him if he doesn't work out. It would at least show some small amount of concern by the organization.
Supposedly good in pass pro and not so great in the run game but thats miles better than Redmond rn
"Next Year:

Jonah Williams
Quinton Spain
Trey Hopkins
Xavier Sua-filo
Alex Leatherwood"
Omg yes please!!!!
Why was he cut?
Please please please 🙏🙏🙏
I hope we get him. A ton of teams need OL help.
Yes He would help to protect burrow
Taylor and turner says no thanks we have a great line
"Makes sense,so wont happen"
Why not???
"I hope we lose out the rest of the year, trade that #1 or #2 pick for a first and third and only draft linemen and DBs"
FO needs to do everything they can to bring this guy in. This is a gift.
"I know fans get excited when they see a familiar name that can be picked up, but there’s a reason he was released. He hasn’t been good. And this is a league were decent olineman are at a premium"
[removed]
I mean he has to be better than someone on our line. It can’t hurt to sign him
""
This isn't hateful at all. /s
Are you 14?
le epic meme xD
"Damn, defining your life by video game achievements is already pathetic as hell, but you're a bigoted little jackass too?

You should probably spend less time playing video games and spend more of it trying to be a competent person."
"Zac actually had a pretty raw press conference today. It seemed like he actually answered some questions, and finally explained that ""one play"". Far more satisfied with this. Have a listen.


[Zac Taylor Press Conference]
(https://youtu.be/xAn27xA2ihk)"
Is there a wrong way to win? He’s always going on about winning the right way.
We have to be honest in assessing this team. The coaching staff is. We have a terrible roster. Bright spots for sure. It’s a pretty decent nucleus and the most important spot is seemingly filled with Burrow. You just can’t miss on draft picks like we have for so long and have a shot at competing. What he is saying is that they still need time for the young talent to develop. They need to play and the vets need to sit. His job is counting on these youngsters to turn into real NFL players. I actually like what I see mostly although it’s excruciatingly painful. What Zac needs to understand is that the clock is ticking. Nobody expected us to compete for the division but we need to see some wins.
How bout just winning?
"I would like for him to elaborate on what it is that makes him so confident that he is turning things around there. Even through the doldrums of our repeat single digit win seasons we didn't seem to have as much of a chemistry issue like we seem to have now.  
He seems like he really believes that they are making strides. I wish he could share the info so I could see it also. As of now, not so much."
"Look at how many one possession games we have lost. That comes down to coaching and putting players in the right position to win those close games. We have more than enough talent to win at least half of those one possession losses. For instance, that the FB run on that 3rd & 1 last week, an absolutely abysmal playcall."
"Non-Bengals fan here. I own Boyd in fantasy and I’ve followed him, and I’ve noticed the Higgins is starting to see increasing targets while Boyd doesn’t. Is Higgins becoming the number 1 option on the team, or have these been results of poor defensive play by other teams? Wanted to consult you all because fans know best."
"It all depends what the defense gives us, with AJ/Higgins coming off a good game i could see Boyd getting ignored and popping off."
"The Bengals don’t have a clear #1. It’s similar to how the Rams are with their group of WRs. That said of the three Boyd is the only one I would start weekly no matter what - he’s had the most consistent rapport with Burrow and he rarely lays an egg. 

Tee is a rookie and is going to have flash games and other teams will shut him down. It’s gonna be a matchup thing for him as he learns the ropes."
Boyd easily. Higgins is gonna pop off every once in a while but Boyd is just so consistent
Boyd is still Burrow's first option. he usually operates from the slot and has the most consistent fantasy production. With how quick the protection breaks down you usually see Joe look for him over the middle... Which led to the game sealing pick on Sunday. Maybe it's becoming a 1A/1B/1C situation barring an unexpected trade materializing though.
"Boyd is Burrows go to man when he feels his back is against the wall, he’s definitely not some id drop but TEe is on fire"
"I have boyd on my fantasy team and while I think Higgins is good and they’re starting to develop chemistry, I’m sticking with Boyd cause he’s just better"
i own higgins in every fantasy league - i dont start him but in half point ppr hes been averaging over 10 pts a game last 4 weeks and getting 8 targets each week so his floor seems stable in a pass heavy offense. WR3 moving into WR2 territory imo.
"Higgins is the top outside guy but boyd is the slot guy and also probably the better receiver of the two (at least right now) 


I figure they will probably have pretty similar stats so just puck whoever is facing the worse corner."
I have both and am tempted to start both haha
"It’s just the group of receivers we have. AJ finally popped off, and Higgins is starting to heat up too. Half of Higgins’ yards last game came on one pass. He still had like 6 catches or something for another 60 yards with out that pass, but we just have enough talent at receiver that if two guys have 100 yard days one of them is gonna lag behind. Boyd is undoubtedly the most reliable, Higgins is the most promising, and AJ is the most proven (from previous seasons). All comes down to how the defense plays us"
Higgins is more of a big-play threat and with each game he's getting more comfortable/confident.
"Boyd is clearly Burrows favorite target at this point, and is still the best receiver on our team. Tee Higgins has been very good, but I don’t see a situation where he starts cutting into Boyd’s target share"
He definitely is.
"AJ is the clear #1. Well, clear as mud. Problem is he hasn’t played well and gets the attention of defenses we face. Higgins is very good but still learning. I can’t tell yet if he can be the next #1 or a great 2nd or 3rd guy. On any given day Boyd, AJ or Higgins can rack up yards and points. For fantasy purposes it’s risky to play any of these guys if for no other reason the O line is inconsistent. Or to put it another way, the O line is terrible. Boyd however is probably the safest bet of the three with Higgins and AJ having the highest chance of going off. AJ is the wildcard but as of yet he hasn’t been back to his old self. Personally I think they will continue to try to work Higgins more as the focus because he and Burrow are the future and they seem to be building chemistry."
[removed]
[deleted]
Baker Mayfield looks like hipster Borat.
Looks like Randy Marsh
"Bakers mustache and look, lol.... To catch a predator?"
Got DAYUM
Baker about to flood your basement
Baker is a legit top tier intramural quarterback
Joe makes me irrationally horny
Just breathing that Cleveland air does something to a body.
Its fucked that bum on top is 4-2 while we are 1-4-1
He looks like a 43 year old drunk.
That scrub looking dude has beaten us more than we've beaten him. Maybe we should win a few before we get too proud.
Baker look like a sex pervert
Browns fan here. Browns 1 Bengals 0
"Baker walks into PBS
Joe: Take a seat"
God I love our boy.
Baker looks like he’s going to flash kids in the park
"🎶”I can't stand it, I know you planned it
I'mma set it straight, this Watergate
I can't stand rockin' when I'm in here
'Cause your crystal ball ain't so crystal clear
So while you sit back and wonder why
I got this fuckin' thorn in my side
Oh my god, it's a mirage
I'm tellin' y'all, it's sabotage”🎶"
"I would rather have Burrow, even though the jury is still out on him, but I don't understand all the Baker hate. I like Baker, dudes got some swagger, and in a division where we have struggled to beat the Steelers and Ravens with consistency...I have far more hate towards those franchises."
I'm in the first picture and I don't like it.
What a fucking tool...
A young Jim Breuer reminds me of Burrow....[Jim Breuer](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRBqJ6tRHOVtQL146yuraejivSg6Jbfok8u4w&usqp=CAU)
thought he was uncle Rico
"Inspector Clouseau?

""I thought you said your dog doesn't bite!"""
Virgin Baker vs. Chad Joe
He looks like he just got caught jerking off in the park.
Burrow hits the gym and trains hard while Baker is sitting in the parking lot of a Cheesecake Factory
Lol the picture of burrow makes him look unstoppable.  But he isnt.
Why is that a pic of Baker from last season and not this season?
[removed]
Only giveaways homie
How much??
[deleted]
Burrow has been very good but the line has been god awful at blocking for him
"He's had his moments of inconsistencies, over throwing and whatnot, Green has come alive which some attribute his lack of success to missing training camp and just not being on the same page with Burrow.

But many times each game we see glimpses of that greatness for why he was projected as the best qb since luck, incredible accuracy, throwing guys open, making throws that seem like how tf did he do that. Go watch highlights and you'll see these plays.

A problem he has tho is our o line is trash, and a large part of his game seems to be scrambling or just flirting with the pressure so he will keep the ball too long, which is just a bad combination for our bad o line."
"Wait, do you watch any football coverage? The dude is a stud, but he will likely die on the field before we get a line that decides to block for him. I seriously can’t believe a football fan is asking if Burrow is good though."
just wondering how much you guys think he will get when we re sign him
"4 years, $60m"
"A fuckin big one. Man’s the best safety in the league so far, no argument."
"The highest paid safety is Landon Collins at $14 million AAV. I think there’s a good chance Bates becomes the highest paid safety in the league

**Eddie Jackson is actually highest paid based on AAV at $14.6"
Whatever he wants
Highest paid safety in the league. Give him 4 yrs 60 mil. Clean.
"He could switch salaries this year with AJ Green, that's for sure. I love Master Bates!"
"Copy the better run teams, put him at 14.5-15m a year for as long as he is willing to sign for. Top safeties are all at 5/6 years."
"I think with the cap not increasing bc of coronavirus, we can probably get him $13m aav"
Max
"Oh the optimism, we'll offer him 10AAV for a hometown discount and wonder why he's leaving....."
"If Jesse Bates keeps playing like this, we'll finally get a positive Brett Kollman video."
"Massive deal that will only make sense for 1 year maybe two. then he'll fall off and he'll be cut the following year. It'll be front loaded with little guarantees.

That's the Bengals way."
A trade out of Cincy for an offensive lineman.
"
Who would you rather have for a team General Manager?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jfugpr)"
Browns fan here coming in peace. Wheres the nethier option??
Don’t even know who Sashi is but I clicked
Sashi got thrown under the bus imo. He's the one who stockpiled all the picks allowing for their success now.
"Lol, how can anyone vote for Mike Brown?"
*Whom* would you rather have
This feels like a trap!
"How this poll works, Who would you rather have driving:  
1. The Captain of the Titanic.  
2. The Captain of the Hindenburg."
