text
[deleted]
""
"Can you say....team "" RAM-ROD""????"
I'm supposed to go to the hospital after 4 hours right?
I saw the “on waivers” and nearly shit myself. It took me a minute to process.
100% agree
:3
Age gains... looks at least 35. Richard Prior style.
Who wants a mustache ride!?
Mark this NSFW!
Young Carl Winslow
All I can think about is schnozberries
Nephews in the Cincinnati area are on high alert. Many are deleting things already.
Why does he kinda look like Patrick Mccaw from the Toronto Raptors with a fake moustache on?? Am I the only one who can see that?
Lmao he looks like he’s straight out of the 80s with that bad boy
Serious caterpillar.
Move over Myles Garrett
Wearing a nice Slick Daddy.
Got that Mario mustache
Should we drop more media photos of the stache?
Gio looking like a young Tom Selleck. And I mean that in the best way possible. That stache is legendary.
That shit look weird and makes him look 50
""
He should be your QB too because he should be everyone’s QB. It’s Joe fucking Burrow
"Welcome to Meet Then Enemy, /r/bengals Q&A Thread for each matchup.  
We figured the fans on each team's sub more about their team, so why don't we ask each other?  

This week we're inviting the fans over at /r/chargers   for some friendly Q&A. 
Chargers fans, help yourself to some flair on the sidebar!  

*No trash talk or flamebaiting allowed, this is a civil thread.*"
I can’t believe it’s finally here!!!! Let’s do this!
"Whatdup Bengals. I don't get a lot of the shit you guys get. Your team is low key dope as fuck. Burrow is gonna ball out all season and I'm glad AJ Green is back. GL this week, lets get a good game with no injuries."
"Hello weekly enemy. I am Bengals fan :) I like Chargers and Charger uniforms but do not like the Spanos. pls do not do an injure and I hope Joe Burrow does lots of TDs :)

fuck the steelers"
"Fun fact: Bengals are my second favourite team, when I was about 5 years old paying madden I thought the tiger stripe and lightning bolt helmets were the best(obviously they still are) but as I got older and we drafted LT that was the deciding factor for my fandom. But I'm still a sucker for the bengals.

Fuck the Raiders and Steelers!"
"Hey Charger fans, what’s your season at QB looking like? My college team is Oregon and I’ve seen a few episodes of Hard Knocks, Herbet definitely can sauce the pigskin, but will he sit all year?"
"It’s really time man, I’m so excited for this season"
Obviously I want to win the game but for it to be a successful day I’m my mind we just need everyone to stay healthy and show flashes. Keep it a close game at least!
"I'm intrigued to know more about the Bengals Defence.

They got torn apart last year, by pundits, for their poor performances. How do you feel about your D this year? I suspect the Chargers will go in with a run heavy game plan, but I know you've improved there. How is your pass D?
We're missing Williams, but still have Keenan and some younger receivers who have shown flashes. 

Also, on a long-term note, what would Bengals fans consider a successful season? Taking into account a rookie QB with limited practice time and no on-field time?"
Just wanted to say as a Chargers fan I love this thread. Great idea to get fans to come over and talk in a peaceful manner.
u/ford9863 - are the scientific delusions coming back this year? Those made me laugh week after week!
"I'm a bit sorry for everything our defensive line is gonna do to your brand new fancy QB in Burrow. His first game speed experience and he faces Joey Bosa against Bobby Hart, and Melvin Ingram against Jonah Williams"
"Chargers Defense is pretty loaded


Ingram and Bosa are a very good pass rush duo with Linval Joseph stuffing the run


Hayward, Chris Harris Jr., Nasir Adderely (2nd round pick ball-hawk FS) in the secondary.


We have a lot of young promising players in the Linebacker, SS, CB, and second DT position.


Our defense is great against the pass and we are playing against a rookie Tackle and Bobby Hart so pressure is going to coming fast for Joe Burrows with very good coverage playmakers. But we have a history of getting destroyed by rookies, and the Chargers are a very unlucky team.


Our offense is using Run Pass Option, starting Tyrod Taylor. Tyrod has a history of not being a good decision maker, sub par thrower, and very passive about making big time throws. Expect a lot of short throws, QB scrambles etc. Tyrod also gets sacked a-lot because of his tendencies to hold the ball. Now he could come out and surprise us, but at this point of his career its unlikely. 


Our C Pouncey and WR Mike Williams are Questionable. Our Left Tackle position is a WIP and will probably be below average to bad and our WR group outside of Keenan Allen is 2 Late round Rookies and a promising UDFA.


Expect the Chargers Offense to be run heavy with QB scrambles and short to medium conservatives throws. While Joe Burrow is dealing with a lot of pressure in a new offense, but him and the playmakers getting it done to a certain extend."
"Chargers fans: Even without Derwin (awful injury, love watching that guy play) your secondary is still pretty legit right? This defense is a tough one for Burrow to play off the bat. 

I feel like this game will come down to Mixon, if he can eat then we can keep pace but I don’t think you can expect Burrow to light it up on the Chargers defense week 1."
"Joe Burrow: How many times are you guys gonna get past my tackles?

Joey and Melvin: Yes."
"LSU fan so I love Joe Burreaux. Will be rooting for y’all every other game.

I really wish we had Derwin so the first game of Joe’s great career would be getting crushed by an absolutely loaded defense.

What is yalls score prediction?"
"Just watched Hard Knocks and it hurts seeing James go down, especially with the same injury (different knee). I only root against the Chargers when they play us, have always liked the powder blue unis. Stay healthy etc etc"
"Bengals fan since I was little. We’ve got a great team this year (as always). Super optimistic this year, Burrow and the Bengals offense are going to great things!"
"Howdy, Chargers fan here. Ready for some good clean fun and 🤞no injuries 🤞"
How do you Bengals fans feel about your run defense? I expect the tyrod offense to be run heavy
plz be gentle Joey...
"How is the receiver position for the bengals looking? I know AJs been hurt, Boyd seems solid, and than from there it’s either Ross or Higgins.. it’ll be a good matchup vs our secondary"
Where dey? Coming from LA. I’m interested to see the Jackboyz vs Burrow matchup! It’s going to be a good way to see how our defense goes without Derwin. Let’s have a good game!
Glad to see these again
"I expect this to be a really messy game without a preseason, honestly."
"I hope the bad weather stays away, but at the same time, a run-heavy physical game may be what we need to win with how filthy their pass rush is."
Fuck yeahhh football is almost here!! Good luck to all bengal bros. Hope it's a fun and healthy game for both squads!
"Ahhh the question everyone wants to know about, Joe Burrow.

How many times does my main man Bosa bring him to his knees?

For real though, what are you actual predictions for his first time being let out of the house?"
Hope everyone stays safe and Burrow comes out with a record QB debut! Lets see what our first overall draft pick bought us with him. FUCK PITTSBURGH GO BENGALS
Ok honest question for any charger or bengals fan the bengals didn’t have any full tackling practices I see that as a huge red flag heading into the first game have the chargers had any tackling practices?
"https://www.reddit.com/r/bengals/comments/ir0izd/bengalschargers_week_1_preview/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Bengals and Chargers fans alike - check out my game preview on Kentucky Sports Radio!"
"Well, at least we're having an NFL Season(I still think it's possible this season will be suspended, and finished by April, 2021). 

With that out of the way, this is the first time since the 2005-2006 Season that the Los Angeles Chargers will have the starting Quarterback of one of their games not named Philip Rivers. 

It will be a close game, and let's just have a fun, safe, and COVID-19 free game.

Who Dey!?"
"Some would say Bengals ML is a bad idea. I say fuck off, Burrow is bringing the W home today baby. Geaux Bengals!"
I would love to see aaron donald put on a show. We may not do so hot but i think Joe will take failures constructively.
""
""
"This year the teams can protect players each week (Tuesday at 4pm) that can't be signed to other teams before the next game.

Some insight as to who probably just missed the cut to 53. With Williams still coming back from injury and Ross/Green's injury history I bet Henderson and Morgan are both protected for a while."
"Moderately surprised Brandon Allen isn’t on the list. If for some reason he gets poached, and Burrow and Finley both test positive, I can’t imagine what we would do. Not saying that’s likely, and I’m fine with the players we protected, but that’s kinda where my mind goes"
Guess we're telling other teams to get out of our swamp.
*Stanley Morgan with sunglasses and a mustache sneaks back onto the practice squad*
""
stache making Gio look like a 70s NFLer
"For reference, the 2019 captains were:

-	Dalton
-	Green
-	Bernard
-	Williams
-	Atkins
-	Fejedelem (ST)"
Can’t get over the stash
Kind of nice to see an old Bearcat in there as a ST captain!
"Burrow looks like Tom Brady in this photo, only more handsome."
Suprising to see Vonn Bell there considering its his first year here over Geno or Dunlap
Going to need to add a captains patch to my Burrow jersey.
"Geno not being one is a bit of a surprise. Dunlap, Hopkins, and Mixon could all have been named one as well.

Good group though."
No Geno or Dunlap? Who was previously a captain but is no longer?
"With that stache, I would follow Gio to storm down the gates of hell"
"Very confused that Geno and / or Carlos aren't captains. 

Not sure how to feel about it, if I'm being honest."
"Not gonna lie, pretty shocked to see Burrow here as a rookie. Definitely a great sign and just continues to speak to his leadership abilities"
"Love that new guys are getting the nod, sign of a culture change that starts this season."
That a boy Huber
So good to see AJ green back
Burrow is as serious as I’ve ever seen him. Dude is focused.
So happy to see Huber as a captain
Geno got snubbed
Gio's stache though
 No lineman.
Gio’s stach looks so good
[deleted]
""
"Been running this for 5 years now. Usually see more than 5,000 predictions from fans from all 32 teams and get some interesting information out of it.  Here is last years [preseason prediction survey](https://public.tableau.com/profile/tblausey#!/vizhome/DraftNFL2019/rNFL2019PreseasonPredictionSurvey ). 

In 2016, the Cowboys had the highest homer bias score (68%), and the Seahawks, followed closely with a (65%) bias score, as the rest of the league was on the Cardinal bandwagon. Both won their divisions.

In 2017, I poked fun at the Jags, Bills and Rams fan bases, all of whom had 70%+ bias scores, calling them delusional. Many were huge underdogs coming into the year. I was left eating crow as they all made the playoffs.

I cannot find any reference to this in 2018, but I know I did one.

In 2019 the Titans scored the highest homer bias score ever of 80%, and Vikings came in second with 75%. While neither won their division, both over performed in the playoffs."
I got the Seahawks winning it all this year boys
Saints over the Ravens in the Super Bowl.
Hopefully I do better than last year
Kc repeats. Beating out the seahawks. Sleeper wildcard teams bengals ofc and the cardinals.
""
I think its calling for joe burrows early lsu mullet picture
I want beach volleyball and shower scenes like in Always Sunny!
"Guys. I fucking love this team. Next year, we lose Dammit Bobby Hart, and shore up that o-line. Big, big things ahead."
Heyheyheyheyheyhey Miiiiiiiiiiiixxxxxxxx
"I immediately thought of the guy from American Ninja movie back in that day, Steve James.

Ngl, had to look that name up, but that dood was great"
Seriously laughed out loud. This is great
"""This is GOOD SH\*\*!""

\-Vincent Kennedy McMahon"
"I am curious about the fandom as a whole feels who the last “great hope” was : Dalton/AJ, Carson, Aliki (shudders), etc. and what makes Joe different. This is coming from the guy who dropped enough coin for 2 jerseys with Burrow on the back; but, I am nervous to see where this takes us. I’ve been hurt to many times before... What are your thoughts?"
Relentless pursuit of greatness. I'm excited.
"Hey there Benglas fans!

I’m starting a new sports podcast (Sports Optimist) where we talk about how every team can win a Super Bowl. The first trio is the Jags, Washington, and of course The Bengals!

So I’m asking fans, how can The Bengals win it all for the 2020-2021! Joe Burrow could continue his insane winning streak, the offensive skill positions are loaded, there’s reason for optimism. 
We’ll be reading the best responses on our podcast, looking forward to your answers.

The podcast preview is already out on Spotify, the first episode should be available Thursday morning!"
Please. Please just let us play a game before dealing with these types of pipe dreams
Not comparing him to anyone specifically but rumors have it our starting qb can walk on water as well as turn it into wine
The defensive line and WR from top to bottom those 2 units are the best in the nfl then you add a top 7 RB in joe Mixon
Two words: Joe. Burrow.
Our Super Bowl is winning a playoff game soo
It’d be nice but it isn’t gonna happen with a zero experience QB and a 2nd year coach.
"The offensive line improved enough to give Joe Burrow time in the pocket to make plays to his great WR Corp while also allowing Joe Mixon to control the game so we don’t have to rely on the rookie QB. 

Every unit on defense improved through FA and the draft (assuming Logan Wilson and ADG are solid).

That’s what I’ll say in 5 months when the Bengals actually win the Super Bowl"
"Ryan Shazier is not an idol or an inspiration.

His tackling style was considered reckless and he was warned multiple times that his tackling style will cause injuries to others and even to himself. 

Let's not forget he could have injured other players and he has. Remember that awful hit on Gio Bernard in the head? That was Ryan Shazier. Good thing Gio wasn't seriously injured. NFL even had to change the rules because of Shazier's action on the field. That's how bad and dangerous he was. 

[Source](https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2016/03/21/ryan-shaziers-hit-in-playoffs-will-now-be-a-penalty/)

There are plenty of online articles already documenting his dangerous tackling technique on the field:

[Source](https://www.behindthesteelcurtain.com/steelers-film-room/2016/8/29/12684214/steelers-film-room-ryan-shaziers-tackling-can-cause-hair-pulling)

The worst did happen to Ryan Shazier. I am glad he is able to walk and be healthy again. Living a productive and healthy life is more important than the glories on the playing field.

But he was reckless and he caused this to himself.

If a reckless driver crashed his car and got paralyzed then regained his walking ability, is the driver an inspiration? In my honest opinion, no.

Let's not forget he thought he could go back to playing even though the doctor told him he would be seriously injured again with his condition and he blew them off like their opinions didn't matter. Seriously, this guy was way over his head.

He can contibute more to football as a coach than as a player and that's what he should be focusing on instead of the pipe dream of playing football again."
"I'll never forget Shazier dancing on the sideline celebrating a hit on Gio while Gio was lying motionless on the field and being treated by medical personel.  I will never wish harm on another person, but Shazier is classless.  I am glad he can walk, but I will never respect him.  You reep what you sow."
"These type of things are the epitome of why I hate the steelers...such a stupid bias, ryan shazier gets praised for the way he played. Fuckin changed a rule because of the guy. The entire world hated burfict and watched him play with a dam microscope.  It's just so biased regardless if your a fan of them or not."
I wonder how the steelers subreddit would react to this being posted in their subreddit lol
"The first thing that comes to mind is him lowering his head (the same moved that injured himself.) and Gio being knocked out cold and do you know what Shazier did?

He fucking danced on the sideline."
There's people in /r/nfl calling him a true hero. What the fuck
[deleted]
"100% agree. And I think the only reason people idolize or rather ""elevate"" him is simply because he got hurt catastrophically and humans and media just don't know how to react to it while being PC. But I'm with you, man. Dude was the classic accident waiting to happen.

Unrelated: you forgot to link your sources but I can almost guess the two plays you're referring to so that tells you how bad he was at tackling. IIRC, he had at least three instances of that at OSU that a Steeler fan none-the-less had pointed out on YouTube a while back."
"He aimed to hurt people.

And then he hurt himself using his malicious play style."
"Oh man. This sounds bad but it's too funny to not share. My brother in law, in an Xbox party with me, will not stop complaining about Shazier being in Madden (post injury) and having a crazy high rating. The next morning, I wake up to a message from him: a video of Shazier attempting to walk and the text ""97 Madden rating, my fucking ass"""
"Some things are unique to the current era, including rules that are (arguably) overprotective of the QB and new concepts like illegal cutback blocks and ""defenseless receivers."" The known danger of leading with the crown of the helmet/spearing is far from a new thing. Spearing has been illegal for years for the very reason that it could paralyze a player.

My uncle coached youth football in the 80s.  Whenever he saw a player lead with his helmet, either in a game or in practice, he would immediately pull him out. They would then have to read aloud the warning on the back of the helmet.  He rarely won any games, but possibly prevented serious injuries down the line."
Agreed
"I think you have to seperate this a little bit more.

Ryan Shazier should not be idolized for his reckless playing style. I don't think thats arguable if you watch his play.

He should be applauded for making the best out of a horrible situation. We all do bad shit that causes pain to others and ourselves, and I like to try and judge people on what they do after. 

Life taught him a hard lesson and he made the best out of it. Thats worth at the very least applauding.

\--------------------

i say ALLLLL of this under the notion of Forever and Always...Fuck.The.Steelers"
"You’re preaching to the choir posting this here. I’m happy for his road to recovery personally, but as a player I will not miss him"
As a man I'm glad he's healthy and not paralyzed. As a football fan i'm glad he's the fuck off the field and that has honestly 0 to do with him being a Steeler. He played dangerous as fuck year in and year out and his tackling style is among the worst you can possibly have in football.
"He perfected his tackling techniques at Ohio State.  The coaches had ample opportunity to correct him.  The Steelers allowed him to continue, and his leading with his helmet was glorified as “great hits”.   Glad that he can lead a normal life, even better that he can’t harm anyone else in the NFL."
Tbh I wouldn't blame Ryan as much as I would the defensive coaching and the entire Steelers organization that prioritizes violence and cheap shots. He was taught to hit like that from the Pittsburgh coaches because almost all of them pull this type of shit. Wonder why there are so many injuries in Steeler games? They like a dirty game.
Unpopular in all subreddits but one lol
"Loved him as a Buckeye, hated him as a Steeler."
"Admired maybe, idolized is a stretch but I guess so.. But should he be looked at as an example of how to play the game? Hell no."
"""You get what you fucking deserve. BANG""

-Joker"
"You said all this much better than i would except i dont wanr him coaching at all, he will be the next jerry porter talking shit on the field when hes not a player in a playoff game and theres goes joes first playoff win"
"Yeah, fuck that guy."
"I think that Steelers Bengals rivalry was the most intense rivalry in the nfl, I don't think the rest of the league understood how intense those games were, where Burfict gets hit by JuJu and comments will say good what a bitch he deserves it. I think the Bengals are such a small market team that the rest of the league didn't take notice, but that rivalry is the most intense to me. I see other rivalry games and they're like normal games, but Bengals Steelers would always end in multiple injuries because everyone wanted to hurt each other."
NFL has to idolize him because he was majorly disabled by their own league. Would look shitty on their part if they didn't give him some attention after suffering such an injury. Fuck him tho.
You're not wrong but that's not an unpopular opinion on this sub
"The only takeaway from the Shazier's retirement should be ""Don't lead with your helmet kids."" I'm a lifelong Buckeye fan but fuck Ryan Shazier forever. He didn't play that dirty at OSU so that's coached on the Steeler's side. He danced on the sideline when he injured Gio. He played to hurt people and in turn got hurt."
Not an unpopular opinion here. Fuck Ryan Shazier
"I dont remember the Bernard hit, I do remember when he got hit and being scared because I always liked watching him play same with Burfict. Maybe Shazier was cocky then but ut kind of sounds like he sees his error now that he got hurt."
"It has always been weird to me the tone of Shazier's situation. It's never been a cautionary tail with highlights of him trying to spear people with his helmet..instead always a heroic tribute. I wish his situation on no one, and his recovery has been great. He should be spearheading a movement for why play like his is bad for the league."
Yup you’re not the only one. I said the same exact thing today and I’ve been saying it since it happened. Glad someone else is bringing this up too
I’ve been saying this all day. Dude was good and it was unfortunate what happened to him but he was a dirty ass player.
Its torture watching him getting all this praise
"As a fan of OSU, I knew it was only a matter of time before he caused significant injury to himself or or others. He was booted from games multiple times for targeting at OSU. He has a poor technique that he never corrected. He played professionally and should have adjusted his technique. He definitely does not deserve praise. He was lucky that's all."
"While i do agree his form was terrible,  he was a good player,  whose career was cut short due to an injury while playing the game.  Your driving comparison would be spot on for nascar/f1 drivers. Anybody that gets hurt doing what they love, and attempts to fight back to do that job again should be looked up to as an inspiration for anybody that gets injured. 

Again,  was his tackling form poor and led to his injury? Yes. Does that mean he shouldn't still be an inspiration? No."
This ain’t it chief
As a bengals fan I’d just like to say you’re a Steelers cock gobbler. Wtf does this have to do with the Bengals?
[deleted]
""
Mmhhmm
Why did you post this meme twice?
"Burrow: “What’s the play, coach?”

Zac: “Get me some French fired potaters mmmhmm”"
[deleted]
Jesus Christ has he ever said the wrong thing in his entire life? Love you Joe go get em
I can't wait for the season. Joe is going to kill it. I'm just hoping that OL gives him some good protection.
"It is so refreshing to have someone with a pulse and a sense of urgency in this organization.  I feel like the message has always been “We’ll practice harder and get it right next week.” Hopefully this manifest into wins, Who fuggin Dey!!!"
I will run through a fucking wall for him. We our truly lucky to get this kid. WHO DEY
"Damn, that spoke to me on a whole new level"
Joe Burrow >>>>>>>
The difference between Joe and Andy 'Smile my way off the field after interceptions ' is just crazy. So pumped for someone having some damn confidence!
This is the kinda shit I need to hear while being tucked in at night
I just keep rewatching his one scramble play from the Georgia game. He clearly doesn’t need a great o-line his legs are so underrated
I believe you. I just have been hurt too many times Joey
"I just hope when we don't go 16-0 this season with a rookie who hasn't had a snap that the whole fan base doesn't call bUsT tOlD yOu. 

The general public might but as long as we rock with him we're good. The Ravens base believed in Lamar and look at them now. Time to lock in boys!"
"He may want to win, but that OL says otherwise"
"God damn he is perfect. If his work ethic and his maturity is reflected even remotely on the field, we are in for a hell of a ride. I'm ready to run through a brick wall for this team!"
"Easy to say, hard to do, Joe. I hope right though."
Please stop. I can only get so erect.
Hearing him speak about his hometown made me an instant fan. How has he looked in practice? I can't find anything online about it.
Hearts and minds
He has spirit
I fucking love this man and he hasn't even played a game yet.
I like all the talk and stuff... but shouldn’t he just chill out and win couple games before all this ? Otherwise just putting more pressure on himself
""
I'd say there's a very good chance that happens. He's the only starting rookie QB as of right now. Who would he be competing against?
[deleted]
""
Nice!! I hope you win!!!
Fun bet why not. Fuck cowherd and his 16-0 ravens projection
I’ve got the same on bookmaker! WHO DEY!
""
"I am really, really trying to contain my excitement because, ya know, Cincinnati sports fan, but Burrow is making it near impossible to jump onto the blind hype train."
Is it Sunday yet?
""
"> *A $25 bet on the Cleveland Browns to win the Super Bowl, for example, has made for a great gag gift for years.*


Lmao what a ricochet shot"
Bengals going 2nd in the division is paying 11 to 1. Might lay $50 on that
Almost no reason not to bet $10 to potentially win $2500.
"Ok, which one of you did it?"
We never even been the 2 seed lol
[deleted]
"I don’t get the recent hate for PBS. Design changes pretty quickly. By all architectural accounts, it was a great building when constructed. Just a bit outdated now, but not like they dropped the ball at the time"
""
Looks cool and maybe I’m unrealistic but I was really hoping he signed them.
""
Because that’s a knockoff jersey site that they’ve made to look like Fanatics or NFLShop.
""
Not sure how we only score 23 if Burrow is throwing for 6 TDs...
Pete Prasco always defends the bengals compared to everyone else in the media. Shout out him
I’ve never been this excited for a season
Is the Chargers defense THAT talented? They have 2 good pass rushers and a bunch of other solid guys but I don't think they have an elite defense. Roster talent wise I'd say we're comparable to them with QB being a difference that's unknown.
Awesome!
Prisco always backs us. It’s awesome.
"I've seen a couple other places have them winning 17-10 and winning 13-10. 

Some do believe!"
"We’re definitely better, better offense but slightly worse defense."
"What’s the best way to watch the games without delay? Just bought a house way out in the country , digital antenna won’t pickup local stations. Cable isn’t offered at my house . I know streaming services (Hulu / YouTubeTv)  are usually 30-60 seconds behind. I like to be able to be on Twitter/ checking fantasy while I’m watching the game . Dish network is an option but not sure what their delay looks like . Thanks in advance !!"
Get a big outdoor antenna and mount it on end of house or a 20 ft pole if you are within 30 miles from transmitter. Sometimes farther with right antenna.
"It's an annoying problem.  I don't look at Twitter, but I often have to mute my phone so I can't hear text messages coming in.  Your only option is DirecTV if you want to eliminate delay.  Otherwise, just wait for commercials to check Twitter.  God knows there are plenty of those during American sports."
Satalite likely your only option
I have the NFL Sunday Ticket streaming service that you can get if your house/apartment doesn’t have access to directv. It has a 60-90 second delay so I don’t look at twitter and usually mute text conversations so I don’t get spoilers.
"While watching games for our upcoming week 1 matchup I was interested to see what pass sets the Chargers ran last year. I found three different plays that I think the Chargers will try to run again this year and probably at least once or twice next week. This is part 2 of my look into Shane Steichen, the new offensive coordinator for the Los Angeles Chargers. [For my look into the crack toss click here](https://www.reddit.com/r/bengals/comments/iorp8i/film_analysis_on_the_chargers_crack_toss/). 

Now switching gears from the ground game to the air game. The Chargers passed the ball at an extraordinary rate last year (63.29% which is 6th in the league right behind us) and I found there to be a few plays that kept reoccuring under their new OC. These plays were used to get their great playmakers in space and/or utilize mismatches they would find presnap or in the opponents coverage. The first of these three plays I will talk about will be the most recognizable: [the slip screen](https://insider.afca.com/xs-os-running-back-slip-screen/). In Steichen's [slip screen](https://streamable.com/id8oz2) both the play side and back side offensive tackles will [kick slide](https://www.shakinthesouthland.com/2012/7/30/3199265/basics-of-pass-blocking) like in normal pass protection. This will key to the defense that it is a normal pass play rather than a screen. The interior of the offensive line (IOL) then gets ""beat"" letting that penetration through so they are freed up to get infront of the back to block. The running back will step up to the middle as if he is giving help in pass protection, but instead of blocking he will turn and run with the IOL. The QB holds the ball and waits for everything to be set before tossing it over the defensive line and into the RBs hands. This is a play that is very common in the NFL especially when you have a running back like Ekeler. Ekeler has a great set of hands and is slippery in the open field. They would run this play [to the opposite side of where the RB was positioned](https://streamable.com/ot5hs6) and to the [same side.](https://streamable.com/txbnsi) This makes it so the defense won't really be keyed in on either side as the possible slip screen, so they must always be prepared for it. New acquisition and 5 time probowler Trai Turner will be one of the leading blockers on this play and he comes with experience since he just blocked for Christian McCaffrey last year. However there is no need to fret, because [one way to stop this is for your DL to recognize and run down the line to make the stop](https://twitter.com/WillieCashmore/status/1283139784345563137?s=20).

The next pass play I am going to take a look at is one from an empty formation which is not the same as 00 personnel. Last year they typically ran the play from 21 personnel (two running backs and one tight end) but they may change that to 11 or 12 personnel due to the loss of Gordon. The [play always went the same](https://streamable.com/baf24q): [jet motion](https://www.theringer.com/nfl/2018/10/30/18040534/jet-sweep-motion-play-rams-chiefs-offenses) Gordon for a fake handoff, clearout the defense with deep routes, then Ekeler runs a drag to get in space. It's a fairly common play when you have a great receiving back who can work in space like an Austin Ekeler. Leaving a CB in to cover him is probably overkill because you need those guys for the WRs while leaving a LB on him is exactly what they want because the LB will not be able to keep up with him on the play. [One way to defeat this play is to get pressure fast which with Sam Tevi starting at LT is possible.](https://streamable.com/kjm96k) While the other way is to play [match coverage](https://touchdownwire.usatoday.com/2018/11/08/the-match-game-part-2-how-nick-saban-re-imagined-defensive-coverage/2/) which is essentially a mixture of zone and man where a defender will sometimes (depending on route combination) pass off their man and take over for someone else. When seeing the Ekeler drag a defender could pass him down the line and switch to playing someone else.

The last of my plays will however take advantage of a defense trying to play match. [This play](https://streamable.com/mewtrk) is a [whip route](https://qb-4-life.blogspot.com/2010/07/bladewhip-route.html) from a 3x1 set (3 receivers to one side with 1 receiver on the other). The 3x1 forces a defense to provide extra support to the 3 side or strong side. The 1 side or weak side is then typically left with just one or two defenders to play against and that defender often [essentially plays man coverage against him.](https://matchquarters.com/2017/06/09/defending-3x1-formations-solo-coverage/) Due to this knowledge the Chargers will have the weak side receiver run a whip route against this manned up defender because it's near impossible to defend from him. If the defender tries to cheat it they are giving up an easy slant, but if they are going to try to play inside against the slant portion they are going to get toasted on the whip portion of the route. This is something to watch for not only with a WR, but also with Hunter Henry if he gets matched with a linebacker. [If you have followed along you might be able to guess that the Raiders are playing match coverage here](https://streamable.com/zx5liu). One way you can tell is that the defender originally on Henry has great leverage, but thinks this is a slant, so he points to the linebacker and then moves to take away the crosser behind him. This whip is one way to exploit match coverage, because it puts a defender in a bind of split second decision making. They have to decide whether to pass him off or stay with him. Like I mentioned in the last paragraph passing him could be beneficial because he is unable to stay with him if it is a short crossing route, but as you see here if they break back out the switching defender is now stuck trying to chase him. 

These are all the offensive plays I would look out for on Sunday. Next I plan on going into the defense the Chargers will play and how their great defensive line likes to play. I appreciate any feedback you guys could give me, if you want additional learning resources, or if you need me to break something down further! I know this one was a big one so thanks for staying with me to the end if you made it."
As a chargers fan this is good shit man. Keep up the quality OC
""
“I’ll take my 9 inches and go somewhere else.” Lol. I’m assuming they’re talking about his hands but without context that is hilarious. I upvoted. I’ve seen it before but not since the draft and it helped hype me up!
Sorry only way I could get around the repost rules was to link to a tweet containing the tweet of the video. Still epic. Delete/downvote if this is bad form.
""
Dalton Johnson is just Andy Dalton’s alt account. He very clearly had a lot riding on Joe Burrow pulling an Eli Manning and tried to create the narrative.
"Hello friends,

I am in a predicament for Sunday and I was wondering if anyone else also experiences this and knows a way around it. 

I live in Columbus and my local CBS station is only airing 1 game on Sunday, the Browns game. Looks like in our area only Cin-Day-KY are getting Bengals/Chargers (per 506sports). 

I’m willing to pay for a subscription service to be able to watch the Bengals on Sunday, but I don’t necessarily want to purchase now without knowing if I’ll be able to watch on Sunday or not. 

Any help is much appreciated. Who Dey!"
"Yes a service like Sunday ticket will get you out of market games. You just don’t get in market, or Thursday/Sunday/Monday night games through it 

Can try streams alternatively"
There's a new club supposed to meet up at the RnR Bar & Grill in Hilliard.  I'll probably be there for the TNF if they have game audio.
I'll let you know the feed i find. I am in cbus too.
I haven’t paid for cable in years and I never miss a game. There’s *cough* ways to watch them on places like twitch. Maybe *cough cough* google nfl streams.
Sportstream.tv for me
"As a fellow Columbus-located fan, I too have been debating Sunday Ticket. I tried looking into a more powerful antennae but the Dayton stations are just too far away (I live near Westerville). 

My rationalization on the Sunday Ticket cost right now is that I won’t be going to any football games this season (NFL or college) so even at $300 that’s still cheaper than what I usually spend on football in a regular year...

Also for that Thursday night game, I’m doing a free trial of Fubo which includes NFL network. Just cancel before the 7 day trial ends."
Thanks everyone. I’ll probably just end up biting the bullet and shelling out that Sunday Ticket cost.
"Youtube TV.

[some other options](https://www.cleveland.com/entertainment/2020/09/how-to-watch-live-nfl-games-in-2020-without-cable.html)"
""
"RIP, Who Dey!"
Sounds like he was a true gentleman.  May he rest in peace and and continue to who dey from the other side.
"Sorry to hear that from a Seahawks fan
Cheering big time for you guys this year"
RIP and fuck the Steelers
RIP and my condolences
I hope he is able to see his beloved Bengals win a superbowl as an angel on the sidelines🙏
Sorry for your loss hopefully Bengals can bring home the Lombardi this year having an Angel in their corner.
"Really sorry for your loss :( but it’s obvious he was a huge fan, hopefully the Bengals kick some ass this year in his honor"
"I'm seeing a lot of talk about Geno and how he isnt practicing this week. In a normal off-season I would be worried, but not this off-season. Did you see what just happened to Von Miller? Last play of a light practice tweaks his ankle out for season. First practice of Zac Taylor's career he loses AJ Green for the year. Zac Taylor is taking absolutely no chances this year and I feel that Geno not practicing it completely precautionary. 

I'll be worried if he doesnt participate in any capacity by friday/Saturday. 

Fuck the steelers!!"
Mike Daniels has a groin injury as well and didn’t practice.
This aged poorly
""
yeah wassup
"I do okay work, dm me"
[deleted]
Yeah... that’s a big fuck the Steelers from me dawg!
Ravens are the team that I dislike the least in the afc north
"Couple issues:

1. Teaming up with the Browns and Steelers. That’s our two most hated division rivals out of 3

2. If we teamed up with the Steelers and Browns (ugh), we should be Goku on our own subreddit. I’m not even a big DBZ fan but what the actual fuck!?"
"Ok, but Android 17 is the one who actually wins the tournament."
"Nope, FTS"
""
I want this in stained glass form really cool
""
""
"Four terrible seasons have left the Bengals with a record of 7-23-1. The lone tie came in 2016 against Washington– the game was played in London at Wembley Stadium – and can finally be wiped clean from their record. A potential worst record of 4-27 is tied for worst in the league. 

[Here’s a link to the original post on /r/NFL
](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/iq36vw/ocwho_beat_whom_i_found_the_winner_of_the_latest/?)"
[deleted]
Fuck the Steelers.
""
I could run through a brick wall after watching that. Marketing is on fire this year.
we actually spent money on a hype video. very happy with this.
I don’t give a damn what anyone says I will root for this damn franchise till the day I die
Marketing team is putting in extra work this year. The organization feels so different this season and I hope it can reflect on the field as well.
Elizabeth Blackburn the real MVP
""
Elizabeth Blackburn the real MVP
Bigger improvement: the actual team or the media team?
I was pumped week 1 of last year as well and weeks 2-4. Really hoping for some big wins this year and growth from QB1
Also FTS.
"In a week we'll have the best record in the NFL, cool"
"i can't believe Gm 1 is on TV in NJ, thank god for NFL TV rules and my CNJ location -- i get Philly and NY channels. 

Red Zone woulda been ok anyway with only 3 4pm games, i probably would've seen most offensive snaps (thanks to Burrow) but it's nice to have it televised. 

Just gotta stay relatively sober through the 1pm games!!"
yes
Just a reminder the Burrow Owl is now one of my favorite animals.
""
Haha yessss
"Fuuuuuuuuck yes

Edit: Thanks for the new phone background."
Is it bad or good that I knew what movie this was before I scrolled to the title?
Thats some quality work there
"Remember how there used to be an emoji for Gio? Maybe we could start using one with a mustache: 

:{"
Oh shit he did it
Getting too old for this shit!
Hilarious
This is the best thing I’ve seen all day! WHO DEY BABY LETS GO! And we have Kevin Harlan to announce his first touchdown and win
This is amazing.  Cheers!
sidebar pic or I burn this sub to the ground
Lets hope Burrow is as tough as Riggs. Dude popped his shoulder back into its socket with a file cabinet.
OP. Or whomever made this. Is it okay if I make a shirt with this idea/pic?!!!
"I personally think Mixon works better as Mel, but it's good either way."
Dumb
""
Our guys are putting in the extra work to win it all. Ya love to see it.
Elite mentality can only bring good things
Burrow is just one of those guys I don’t see how he could fail. He oozes franchise QB out of every pour of his body. I wouldn’t be surprised if Green has his best season in the nfl at age 32 from finally having a true QB.
You're damn right he did. All the way to the Superb Owl.
Man Joe wasn't kidding about not taking a day off!
""
what happened???
"I was just down there watching him work out on the [side.](https://i.imgur.com/QJjQvOy.jpg) It was just driving with with a coach and a blocking pad, but he looked ok doing that. Who the hell knows, though."
"I've made an effort to never draft an active Steeler for the last few years 

My fantasy league is auction draft. I started a bid on JuJu to try to bait someone else into spending way too much on him. Turns out nobody else wanted him either."
You think thats bad? I had to auto-draft and my starting QB is Captain Fat Fuck. I feel disgusted.
"I had to sacrifice my no steeler rule to get mixon in a two player trade smh, never felt so conflicted, but just had to get mixon because he’s about to rush for 5k yards and 29 TDs."
"great strategy for auctions though - i never, ever nominate a player i want, works out well.

maybe he has a huge first week against the giants and you can trade him to someone whose WR1 get dinged."
My league did auto draft and I got juju and tried trading him and no one in the league wants him. Lol.
""
""
""
Devil's advocate: There are far more chargers in the world...
"Are we doing sidebar bets this year, because this made me think a picture of a cat chewing on a charger cable would be a good one if we win."
WHO DEY!
😂😂
"We don’t get much bengals on the west coast, So I’m extra glad to be able to watch Joe’s first game!"
"Well, well, well. We meet again. Welcome back to football, gents. And, of course, welcome back to my totally serious and factually accurate posts that are guaranteed to predict each and every game in extreme detail. 

Anywho. Who's the first to fall beneath the weight of the mighty Joe Burrow?

**Week 1: The ~~San D~~ LA Chargers**

Ah, yes. The chargers. You know what I love about them? The fans. They're always thinking ahead. Hell, they've been practicing for the pandemic by not showing up to home games since 2018. Such a considerate bunch. 

So, you may be asking yourself: what are the key factors to this game? How will we calculate the final score? How can people still not believe it's not butter when it's printed right there on the container?

Simple, folks. 

We start with what everyone's been talking about.
The buzz of the league. No one's quite sure how it will go, but most are pretty optimistic. Even fans of other teams will be tuning into the Bengals game to see exactly what happens.

I'm talking, of course, about Giovanni Bernard's mustache. 

(Side note - I have it on no authority that there have been serious discussions about replacing the entire o-line with Gio's 'stache. No one's getting passed that thing. No one.)

So, let's run the numbers, shall we?

Gio is 5'9"", and his mustache has a wingspan of 6 feet, or 72 inches. Now, at a diving speed of 104mph, the mustache is faster than a bald eagle by at least 5. It's call also screens freedom, unlike an actual bald eagle, which sounds [like shoes squeaking on a basketball court](https://youtu.be/hlq2kcYQcLc). 

(You thought I was lying before you clicked that link, didn't you?)

So, the math. Yeah, I know. Math bad. Don't worry, I'll do it for you. So the mustache wingspan divided by the bald eagle superiority factor (72÷5) comes out to 14.4. 

Now, the Chargers do not have anyone wearing the number 14. Since our decimal is less than .5, we will go for the next lowest number: 13. That is worn by Keenan Allen. 

Last year, Keenan Allen had 6 touchdowns. That accounts for 17.6% of the touchdowns in his entire career. Hold on to that number, we'll need it later. 
Next up, consider that there are 8 letters in the word ""mustache"". If you recall from earlier, gio's mustache has a diving speed of 104 mph. Divide, peasants. That's a clean 13.

So! Take that 13 and add one Gio (25) and you'll get 38. That's our score. As for them? Well, remember that percentage from earlier? 17.6% of 38 is 6.68, which we will round up to 7 because we're feeling generous. 

There you have it. Good to be back, isn't it?

**Final Score: Bengals 38, Chargers 7**

*See ya when I see ya.*"
I cannot tell you how much I've missed this
A perfect prediction. Thanks for the fun writeup.
The prophet has returned!
Based and math-pilled. Football's back baby!
I'm so glad this is back. I love it so much
!remindme 3 days
"God I've missed these. Screw Thursday night football, NOW we can say football is back."
Been waiting for Scientific Delusions since we got Burrow. Welcome back and Who Dey!
[deleted]
"I hate the steelers for many reasons.  The two biggest (aside from their dirty play):

1. Growing up as a young boy, through getting my college education in the Cincy area and SW Ohio, I was surrounded by far more Steelers fans than Bengals.  In fact, it was actually pretty rare that I would encounter a fellow Bengals fan.  I followed the team as a young fella because my dad would watch them from my earliest childhood memories, and they were a pretty surefire way to have a good time with an otherwise less-than-pleasant dad - even if the Bengals were getting destroyed.  Which happened a lot during my early childhood years in the 90s.   Point here is that even in Bengal territory, I felt not only like I was one of the only Bengals fans I knew - but I felt like anyone I knew was on the Bettis train and was all about the Steelers despite never having been to Pittsburgh. 

2.  Fast forward a couple of decades, now in STL.  I've seen two Bengals fans on one occasion and Buffalo Wild Wings during a Steelers game a couple years back (we lost of course).  I have, however, seen an uncountable number of Steelers fans.  Steeler bumperstickers, jerseys, everywhere.  Without being a jerk, I try to see if these people are from Pittsburgh (which is forgivable in my opinion, nothing wrong with supporting your local team.  In fact this is the idea behind this second point) .  Just like back home, these Steelers ""fans"" generally have no connection to the city and choose to support a dirty football team based on what I can only assume is a history of success because, let's face it, they have a longstanding culture of success.  Built on dirty hits, steroids, and favor amongst the refs (this last one might just be in my head) .

I have been typing for a while and may have meandered from my original point.  

TLDR if the revolutionary war were about to break out 99% of Steelers fans would be on the wrong side of history.  I do, personally, exclude those who live in and around Pittsburgh, can't fault someone for being loyal to their own."
"I just love that I hate our entire division SO much. I think rivalries can be personal just as much as an overall team official rivalry. For instance, I hate the Browns the most because all of my life most of my friends are die hard fans. They’re also a dirty trash city that had an undeserved chip on their shoulder because they were great before the NFL. Most arrogant sack of shit fan base in America at least the Steelers and ravens have rings to back up"
"My ex (who has tied me up in court for over a year now over custody) is from Shitsburgh. 

Fuck the Steelers lol"
"Rivals are made not proclaimed. If it happens it happens, until then we have enough bad blood with the Steelers to last a while."
You should because they were founded by Art Modell and Mike Brown should hate him
Pittsburgh will remain our #1 rival. We must make Pittsburgh see that we are theirs.
"You don't need good competition for a rivalry you need deep seeded hatred 

Like yeah sure fuck the Ravens but

FUCK THE STEELERS."
"Bengals biggest rivals:

Steelers > Browns > Ravens > 49ers > Texans"
""
[removed]
“Now here’sssss a guy”
"The fucking worst. God I hope burrow shuts him up next Thursday

You know he’s got his script of “bengals primetime woes” stories locked and loaded if we go down"
""
He aged like 5 years in 5 months
You vs. the guy she told you not to worry about
It's amazing what a tan and a little facial hair will do to your image.
[deleted]
Long story short I live in Toledo area. I won’t get coverage of the chargers game nor the browns game. I need to see that no matter what.  Besides going to a bar what’re my viewing options? I don’t have traditional cable/satellite. I wouldn’t mind paying for a subscription based app or something like that. I haven’t had very good luck with bootleg streams etc in the past. Ie sifting through tons of bogus links etc. My neighbor does have a firestick with all the bells and whistles. I also have a laptop and smart tv so I have those options available to me. I fucked up and arranged a party before realizing its not on our local channels so what say you who Dey nation. I need to see our new dey happen.
I feel you! I live in the perrysburg area and see to live in toledo so i go tired of going to places and trying to find a seat and then only be able to watch my team on some small ass screen. So i decided to get the NFL ticket and it was a great decision it’s much more enjoyable being able to focus on my team and not have to be surrounded by a bunch of other people screaming especially the shitsburg fans and shitland fans. I would look into the NFL ticket
"The Thursday game is on NFL Network, which is on YouTube TV. I know you can buy youtube tv for a month at a time you want, so it might be worth it if you've already committed to having people over.

[Here's an article I found that lays out some options.](https://www.cleveland.com/entertainment/2020/09/how-to-watch-live-nfl-games-in-2020-without-cable.html)"
Dazn
http://crackstreams.com
"Every pic of Joe Burrow in a Bengals uni looks like he's about to put up 500+ yards on you then steal your girl after the game.

And frankly --- i wouldn't mind. Who dey, Baby! It's been a long ass time since I've been this excited for the season to start!"
[deleted]
""
Joe looked crosseyed lol
Who’s Leo Getz?
Nice blending skills!
Joe looks like Andy Samberg.
I feel robbed 🤷🏻‍♂️😂😂
Glorious
I already made yesterday’s Lethal Weapon/Bengals meme my screen saver. I might have to switch it to this one.
"
Feel free to chat about anything you want."
Today is my last as a single man. Wedding is tomorrow
"You guys have any game day traditions or superstitions? We have an old poster of Anthony Munos that gets moved around based on how the team is doing. Is he happy? He's on the mantle watching the game. The Bengals messing up? He's turned away in shame etc...

Very stupid but fun."
"HERE DEM BENGALS GROWLIN' MEAN AND ANGARY,  
HERE THEY COME A PROWLIN' LEAN AND HUNGARY,  
AN OFFENSIVE BRUTE,  
RUN PASS OR BOOT,  
AND DEFENSIVELY HES ROUGH! TOUGH!   
CINCINNATI BENGALS - THAT'S THE TEAM WE'RE GONNA CHEER TO VIC-TOR-Y  
TOUCH DOWN BENGALS! PUT SOME POINTS UP ON THE BOARD AND WIN THE GAME FOR CINCINNATI! 

&#x200B;

Guys, i'm so hyped. LFG!"
Africa by TOTO is stuck in my head.
"I feel bad for the boycotters that plague the Bengals Facebook and Twitter.


They’re gonna miss Joe Burrow’s debut on Sunday."
Just had my first child this week. You think i can get Burrow to be the godfather?
Joe Burrow is faster than Lamar Jackson
"I've got hope for this season, which means I'm all revved up to be hurt again. The Reds have been doing an excellent job as a sort of torture aperitif, if you will. Oh well, WHO DEY"
Who Dey!!!! FTS!!!
So excited to see this team in action. They look and sound like they are a team that is truly together and it’s great to see. I love the leadership by Zac and how he has brought in good people who seem like real team players. Who Dey and hopefully Joe puts the league on notice!!
"Theres an episode off Dexters Laboratory. Theyre playing D&D. Shit goes down, and when Dexter is prompted to use his specialty ability, he looks at his character sheet and says **""Burrowing!?""**.  He then Burrows.    Rich in memeworthyness"
I've been busy with life and haven't been able to keep up with football much. Could anyone give me a quick rundown of how the rookies have looked in camp? This guy the Titans drafted (Isaiah Wilson) is a dumpster fire so I'm curious as to how our boys have been.
"Is everyone gone from this thread is no one watching??

Good I can vent my opinions before Sunday. Without to much backlash.


I don't think burrow is going to be good. Long term.


The defense I'm excited for I think it's going to take a big step forward and I look forward to seeing it advance God I hope it does.


I think this is the year we need to be a little bit more critical of Taylor and the coaching staff he assembled.


I'm honestly holding some hope for the oline. This might be the most controversial one lol"
""
He looks like he's about to tell me how to make my own toilet paper.
"Three Heisman winners with swagger to spare

and one fat old rapist."
Looks like he is writing a manifesto in his cabin.
Maybe he could hold up his “get out of jail free” cards he uses.
Are we absolutely positive that Roethlisberger isn’t a homeless man?
Joe Burrow actually has an NCAA National Championship Ring so....
I mean haha fat Big Ben I hate his guts but he is the one who went to a smaller college and now has two Super Bowls.... 1 legit the other was handed to him though
All I see are 3 award winners and a rapist.
"If the Steelers were on fire, I wouldn't put them out with a wet chain"
Because of work I had to auto draft my fantasy team and it drafted roethlisberger. I was pretty bummed.
FUCK THE STEELERS
"Listen, I know lamar jackson is a damn good player, but he just looks special to me."
Ben Roethlisberger looks like he could tell us the exact price of scrap copper right now.
So right after I saw this pic I went on a hike with the kids and there was some graffiti that said “snapping turtle boys”... it was perfect. Ben is clearly the leader of the snapping turtle boys.
"2 great young men, 1 overrated douche nozzle (Baker,) and 1 40 year old rapist.. nice lol"
I’m trying to find out about Geno playing this Sunday. I can’t find out if it’s a full yes or full no on playing. I know he has a shoulder injury but they it’s not a serious injury. But i can’t find too much about it or how it happened
"We won’t know till game day, but apparently he is not practicing today either so prob not."
"[Fresh off the press](https://twitter.com/JayMorrisonATH/status/1304461880023539718)

>Zac says they'll give Geno a little more time. Not ruling him out yet. Says he dinged shoulder about a week ago."
He just got ruled out :( that’s a big loss
""
"You know, I think it's pretty funny too. But I don't want my team associated with the walking talking piece of human shit that is Joe Exotic."
No
Playing this will result in an ACL injury. Don’t do it.
A.J. Green.
Counterpoint: Joe Burrow
The man is back! He’s feeling 100%!!!
A.J. Green.
:)
Yes
Who Dey!
Who dey!! Slightly disappointing see that Geno is out for Sunday though
Touchdown!
""
"We lose our CB2, so they lose their WR2. We most likely will be without our starting DT, so they will be without their starting center. At least their injuries are mirroring ours"
"From a leadership perspective, that kind of sucks for LA, but Pouncey hasn't really been good for a couple years. Trey Hopkins was better than Pouncey last year."
I never wish injuries on anyone but this could be our best chance to win a game this season.
"Chargers C Mike Pouncey, who missed practice this week with a hip injury, is not expected to play in Sunday's opener against the Bengals, per sources. A Chargers team that already lost its defensive leader in Derwin James now also will be without an offensive leader Sunday.

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Who from the Chargers is even left to take the ass beating Joe is gonna dish out on Sunday?
"Chargers C Mike Pouncey, who missed practice this week with a hip injury, is not expected to play in Sunday's opener against the Bengals, per sources. A Chargers team that already lost its defensive leader in Derwin James now also will be without an offensive leader Sunday.

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Sucks for them.  I know how they feel.  Hopefully Mr Atkins will be ready for week 1
""
I got one of these bad boys too 😎
Anyone know how they fit? I wanted to order a large because thats what I wear for T-shirts but I figured jerseys are always oversized
Is the delivery date next August? Still waiting on mine that I ordered in June.
"I ordered mine the day after the draft, and im still waiting."
[deleted]
[removed]
""
Love it
Why isn’t gio getting any touchdowns
48 tds per game 😀
[removed]
""
"I’m not sure which I like more, the dress or the cavs Jersey"
Can't wait to fill this up with pictures of him in Bengals gear as the season goes on!!!!! I haven't felt this hyped about the team since before I was born
That Lebron Jersey looks like it was painted on him.  Dude is bigger than he looks.
Now now now. Joey B is going to be a beast for years to come!!! But these chargers might put him on his ass a couple times. Let hope he gets back up and fight!  Who Dey
"I’ve had his jersey hanging in the closet since we drafted him, I bought it that night. I can’t wait to get to wear it finally!"
Whats the story behind the dress pic?
That’s my boy. Love the LSU pics
[deleted]
Perhaps
There are like 50 browns and im assuming devante parker. I would probably start parker bc he is the number 1 guy and the dolphins will probably pass a lot
"Girl you silly. Is it a 36 team league? Gotta be better flex options than Ross.

Gl though, hope I'm wrong at it works out"
"Well I mean the chargers would be more focused on green, Boyd, and Mixon to even think about Ross and considering it's the first game of a weird season. I'll say that's probably the best move."
Do people post stupid fantasy shit in all the team subs or are we just special?
It’s a shot. I took it last year and he put up good numbers for me until he got hurt.
They aren’t going to double Green. I’m a chargers fan and I’ve rarely if ever seen the chargers double any receiver no matter how good. Especially with 3 all pro corners
Ross came out firing week 1 last year.
""
"Hey dudes, got the first of 16 tailgate-at-home-covid-edition and can’t think of good Bengals themed appetizers. Bonus points if it incorporates cincy food like skyline or grills.
Gotta bring in Burrow right, even if we can’t be there."
"When we tailgate we always do a dish from the opposing team. KC we BBQ’d, Pittsburgh we made Primanti knock-offs, etc.

I know it’s not the Cincy theme you asked for but it’s a fun way to mix things up"
Sharpie stripes onto some baby carrots
Just shot gun cans of chili
"Just get a shit load of rhinegeist and skyline, thats what im doing"
"Cincinnati chili! I always kick off the year by making a nice big pot of it (I have a recipe that tastes very similar to skyline, best home recreation I’ve had), shredding the cheese by hand fresh, dice up an onion, and make hot dogs and spaghetti for people to pick what they want. I make it in the morning so that by lunch time it’s ready to eat and then people can just eat on it all day as they get hungry. It doesn’t get more Cincinnati than that!

I also like to make buffalo chicken dip. Not really Cincinnati exclusive but it’s fucking good and it’s the color orange? Lol"
Make some tiger dogs! You just take hot dogs and wrap each one with crescent roll dough and bake em.
[deleted]
Joe Burrow Energy > BDE
I think next 1-3 seasons. BURROW SZN HERE!
"Hypothetically if Burrow is somewhat legit, I honestly think we could win one next year. FO did a great job bringing in guys on defense, and we have a crazy solid WR Corp + Mixon/Gio on offense. Looking at 1 year contracts, if any rookie LBs are good enough to replace Bynes, we resign Alexander or replace him somehow, and find a RT through the draft, we have a solid group next year."
This year.
"My honest opinion on this, none of that  biased bullshit I say all the time?

Next year.

I think we're going to be good this year, but I would be really surprised if we got to 8 wins. With that said, I feel like 1 year of experience with Burrow, an extra year of experience for Zac, and some off season moves to tighten up any issues we have this year (probably offensive line) then we should be a good enough to actually win a playoff game. We're trending upwards, we just have to see how high we can go.

Who Dey! Fuck the steelers!"
"They really need it to be in the next few years before they lose guys like Geno, Green, and Dunlap who are arguably among their best impact players. Winning while Burrow is on his rookie deal is their best bet."
"Well the Bengals discovered such a thing as Free Agency exists this past offseason. If Burrow develops the way he can, and we continue to plug holes in FA, it'll happen fairly soon imo."
Next year... always next year.
"We get a playoff win this year. Its happening, mark it.  Out in round 2, but we get the W."
Hopefully once the offensive line gets straightened out. We’ll see how they are this week. The defense still needs some work but it is trending in the right direction. I’d say within the next four years is a good estimate.
"Mike Brown has been in charge since 1992, we haven’t won a playoff game since 1991

That seems fairly relevant"
"2022.  If burrows is as good as we hope, he still needs 2 full seasons for experience, learning the offense and reading the defenses he is going to see."
"I question the viability of the NFL to get to January this year without a bubble system. 

So, next year. Burrow is our savior."
"Saints/LSU fan here but just wanted to stop in and say Joey B is the fuckin MAN and I can’t wait to watch him in the Pros. As far as I’m concerned, Joe already earned his stripes, and once a Tiger always a Tiger, so if you guys will have me, I plan to lurk some this season and beyond. I expect Joey v. Lamar to be one of the premier QB matchups for years to come and I’m even more hyped after watching Clyde run around Houston’s defense like schoolyard kids in his first pro outing. I honestly believe based on watching him develop for two years at LSU, and re-watching a lot of his film, that Joe is the kinda guy that can legitimately change your franchise if he’s given the tools to succeed. Couldn’t be more excited for Joe and for you guys that get to watch him. Haven’t ordered my Joe Bengals Jersey just yet but it won’t be long now. He got us a ring and you can too! 
Much love from the Deep South! 
Who dat and Who Dey baby!"
"Fellow LA native here. You’re always welcome. If the Saints never got Brees, they’d be on pretty much the same exact franchise path as the Bengals. The two organizations have never really been that different. We’re hoping that Joey B can be our Drew. *I* believe he will be. Who Dey! Let’s Geaux."
"As soon as I hear other people are getting their jerseys (November eta for all), I'll put my color rush jersey order in."
Good post:) Its been really nice feeling like im not the only bengals fan on the gulf coast recently.
We are beyond hyped and we welcome all new fans with open arms here! It seems like the franchise is slowly headed in the correct direction and has plenty of help at the skill positions. We do need to get better protection for him though and I’m sure we will after this season.
[deleted]
[removed]
Bengals 24 Chargers 13
24-17 Bengals
[deleted]
Welcome to the sad sack club 😢. I think I'm just going to go buy one in person and cancel /return my order
"You won't find it anywhere yet. It's a ""special event item"", meaning it won't ship until that special event takes places. Look under shipping on the product page:

This is a special event item. Orders containing this product will be shipped separately. This item will be shipped no later than Tuesday, November 17th."
I bought one from the pro shop yesterday.
""
This cheerleader gets more recognition than he’s worth
""
"Helmet survives the most horrific building destruction we’ve ever seen, but guys still wreck the hell out of their brains wearing them. Football is insane."
"Wow that’s amazing. 

Sidebar....does the 101st floor of the most famous tower in the world seem like the best use of funds for a charity?"
Wtf
[deleted]
Omfg YES
"Not “home” and “away”, obviously. Still stuck in baseball mode."
Yes! Thank you!
""
Can’t say you didn’t get your moneys worth on that jersey.
Bro do you just wrestle bears outside in that jersey every day for 15 years?!?!? How you wear that bad boy down so well?
Houshamazilly
You might just be our bad luck charm lmao. Need a Burrow jersey to start a fresh tradition
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
This is how Joe Burrow is gonna be dropping dimes
I love stuff like this
Jesus there is no better video to sum up 2020
This Made me wetter than an otters pocket
"I know we have discussed mixon's contract when he signed, how does everyone feel about it now that we know what Cook and Kamara are getting paid?

Field Yates (@FieldYates) Tweeted:
The 2017 class of running backs is getting paid in a major way:
▪️Alvin Kamara: 5-years, $75M
▪️Christian McCaffrey: 4-year, $64M
▪️Dalvin Cook: 5-years, $63M
▪️Joe Mixon: 4-years, $48M
▪️Austin Ekeler (UDFA): 4-years, $24.5M
▪️Kareem Hunt: 2-years, $13M https://twitter.com/FieldYates/status/1304818886949376007?s=20"
"I love the deal, we don’t have as much $ to shell out to our own players as those teams do either. $19 Million practically guaranteed and $12 AAV."
looks better and better the more deals coming out. mixon now the 8th highest paid RB in terms of AAV... you can make the argument he’s a top 8 rb but i wouldn’t put him below top 5 or 6
With a good line Mixon is up there with the best. Excellent deal
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Clearly local isn't carrying it (in Columbus at least), so... What's the plan?"
Nflbite.com my friend
"What is your local showing? 

I thought it was going to be on cbs for 4:05 at least when I checked the listing earlier in the week for ny. Now it’s listing bull riding??? Wtf"
I'm in the Dayton market and CBS is showing it as the 4pm game here.
"In addition to what my other burrow babies said, Sportsurge. Net is another great resource for streaming games."
Randomly getting in Canada (BC) this weekend. Usually never get any Bengals games unless they're in prime time.
I’m in California and my gf is from MN so we sucked it up and bought the Sunday Ticket Go (streaming out of market games only) and fubo.tv for our local channels (can’t get an antenna to work for crap in our apartment). Comes out to ~$130/month but it’s only for 4 months and then we can just cancel since there’s no contracts.
I’m gonna open Nflbite.com on my Xbox’s web explorer app
[deleted]
Hawai’i legend trayvon henderson 💪🏻💪🏻
"Filing in for Geno and I guess, Shawn Williams.

Henderson probably would've made the team last year, but he tore his ACL in the last preseason game."
[deleted]
Same video now with shittier music!
"If you're like me and you live in Columbus, Ohio, the 100% lack of respect for the Bengals is nauseating, right down to Dum Tiberi on WBNS always choosing the Browns games for broadcast.

There's a new group that just started called ""True Cincinnati Bengals Fans in Columbus"".

[https://www.facebook.com/groups/2399920466999137](https://www.facebook.com/groups/2399920466999137)

We'll be meeting at the RnR Bar & Grill in Hilliard.

[https://www.facebook.com/RnR-Bar-Grill-112260130293306](https://www.facebook.com/RnR-Bar-Grill-112260130293306)

Definitely come and hang out.  I'll always be decked out in choice vintage Bengals gear.

Message me directly if you have any questions.  We're really hoping to create a new fan base for a new generation.  Who Dey!"
"It is mind boggling that the local Columbus affiliate is opting for an NFL postgame show and bull riding over the Bengals opener.

I get it, there are lots of Browns and Steelers fans in town (cough...fuck the Steelers....cough) but in what world does a Bengals game draw fewer viewers in Columbus than talking heads and bull riding."
Had no idea you guys existed. Keep fighting the good fight.
FTS
I just spent the afternoon mounting a tv antenna to the house and pointing it at Dayton just to watch the game tomorrow.
[deleted]
"Anyone know how I can watch the game tomorrow? I just moved to Nebraska and I feel like I've exhausted all of my options. No Sunday ticket. Not on hulu. Not on cbs for me. Not on fubo. Out of ideas.
Thanks guys."
"Nflbite.com

Streams all games and redzone"
Sportsurge
Buffstreams. Should work on your phone/computer or gaming console. It is how I plan to watch.
[deleted]
"You can get a free week of NFL ticket if you're a new user. Also, if you know a college student you can get it for $100 and it's streaming only, no Direct TV required."
"I use the NFL Game Pass, I just watch movie or play video games or spend time with family while Bengals play and watch them tomorrow night time when it is available on Game Pass."
"If you run a VPN and set it to a country like Germany or japan you can get game pass and watch the games live. Sign up for the 7 day free trial and you will get tomorrow’s game and the Thursday night game to see if it works for you, it’s what I’m doing to see if it’s better then messing with all the streaming sites."
Crackstreams is the best streaming sports site ive found
"Burrow will have his first passing touchdown complete to...

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/irp131)"
Mixon
Gonna put 5 bucks on uzomah on draft kings at like 700-1
Auden Tate
himself
Chad Johnson
I voted too quickly - thought it was first completed pass.  First TD pass is to Mixon.  First completed pass is to Boyd.
I feel like Taylor is gonna try and get Ross behind the cover 3 early. I think burrow will hit him in stride for the first TD of the game from Chargers 45.
My fantasy team would love it to be Boyd
Tate all day baby
Gio
Mixon or Tate
Mixon 38 yds
"Voted Boyd, but Mixon and tate are highly likely also"
Drew fucking Sample because why tf not?
He will catch his own tipped pass and will run it in for a touchdown...
Mixon
Uzomah
Chargers defense
""
"I just want to win.

But yeah, I'm down for turning into a terminator as I have an orgasm."
I think he will have some growing pains the first half then settle in and squeak out a win maybe 250 yards 2 to 1 int
I had a dream that Joe threw a perfect TD pass to Green on the first *play* of the game. That was disappointing to wake up from.
Im going to say 22/28 297 yds 3 td 1 int 28 yds rushing
"Not trying to be a spoil sport but Burrow is in all likelihood going to suffer some growing pains this season and no one should be concerned when and if it does happen. I hope people are ready to be patient with him, especially these first few games."
I've been in Cincy for a while and hope for the sake of people I know I hope I am wrong but. . . this is gonna age about as well as milk on a hot summer day. I hope not but proly
"With our OLine, I would settle for Burrows not getting sacked more than twice and him looking as good as advertised."
What if it was Oklahoma vs LSU burrow 🍀
"I'm going to be honest with you, I'm one of those cautiously optimistic about this year.

I've told myself 7-9 is what to expect at best, but...if this scenario happens I'm going to pop off and be ready for a GODDAMN SUPERBOWL RING. 

WHO-DEY!  

TO JOE BURROW WE PRAY FOR FORGIVENESS. AHH-MEN."
18 out of 25.  215 yards.  2 TDs and 2 int
4 TDs? Sure. 400 yards? Nah.
""
My eyes
"well, your heart was in the right place"
"It's cool, but the fact that the name and numbers don't line up is really fucking with me"
"2 bootleg jerseys make one massive eyesore. Haha

Did he even play a down at OSU?"
"Also by ""finished"" I meant ""bribed my grandmother with nachos to complete"""
What is this garbage?
[deleted]
"EDIT: JOE BURROW

EDIT: FUCK THE STEELERS

EDIT: **CAN I GET A MOTHER FUCKING WHO DEY**"
"Legit most excited I've been in years to see a season kick off. I mean I'm not even expecting a winning season, but excited none the less"
"I JUST CHECKED THE NEW POST BECAUSE I WAS GOING TO POST THIS.

I WAS LATE.

I DON'T FUCKING CARE.

WAKE THE FUCK UP IT'S GAMEDEY!

JOE BURROW!

WHO DEY!!

FUCK THE GODDAMN STEELERS!!!"
I mean if Dalton can make the playoffs his rookie year....
"This feels like Christmas morning, I haven’t been this excited for a Bengals season in a longgggggg time"
GAME DEYYYYYYYYY LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO TAKE US TO THE PROMISE LAND JOEY
Wake up? How could I sleep?!
"PLEASE JEBUS, LORD PIGEON, WHOEVER! let the Bengals go atleast 500. after the Reds historical shitty season and no OSU i need something!"
INDEED IT IS BITCHES
Staying up late so I can sleep in til 5 min before game time. Christmas in September!
BRUH
I THINK YOU MEAN ITS JOE BURROW DAY
NEW FUCKING DEY
"Ok well in LA I havent even gone to bed yet but ok I am awake and it is gameday. You are technically right, which is the best kind of right."
I can’t sleep! WHO sleeps toDEY?!
MOTHERFUCKING WHO DEY?!
JOE BURROW DAY IS HERE
It’s 6 am and I’m so pumped I’m tempted to dump some Woodford in my coffee
"Here in New Zealand the game is on at 8:05 AM Monday. Which is nice actually, since I don't have to give up when it's dark out to watch it and I can eat breakfast while watching the game. 

Meantime, it's 11:20PM and I have to actually go to bed and go to sleep.

This kind of feels like trying to do that on Christmas eve as a kid. This may not work.

I think I'm too excited, I hope this is not terrible. I've been a Bengals fan for WAY to long to get excited like this. I know better. Maybe I should do a couple of shots.

&#x200B;

The Browns game is actually at 12:20 PM on Friday, so I may even be able to interest a couple of the other Americans here to come to a pub and watch it with me. If I can get the pub to put it on. If they're not showing like, Cricket or something."
Today marks the first official game of JOE FUCKING BURROW'S HOF career.  The chosen one has arrived.  GET HYPED.  GO BENGALS.
WHO DEY EUROPE GANG RISE UP
Who dey!
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. 🍆💦
JOE FUCKING BURROW
IVE NEVER BEEN THIS EXCITED FOR A SEASON I THINK WE WILL SIX GAMES!!  SUPERBOWL BOUND WOOOOO!!!!!
WHO DEY THINK GONNA BEAT THEM BENGALS baby
"Hey Everyone, its been a long while! Whodey!"
"Anyone know how an out of market guy can stream Joe Burrow’s legendary performance today?

Edit: for inquiring minds — I figured it out, I’m using a VPN and NFLBite."
"Didn’t think I could get more pumped up for a game, but then I saw this comment section"
WHO DEY
"Why do I have this feeling we're going to blow them the fuck out today?

I have never been this confident going into a game in my life as a Bengals fan"
I just realized this is a 4 pm game. Give me Burrow now!
Ma body's ready
"I'm in Florida, can anyone post a link to the game?"
Not airing the game here in the Columbus area on CBS. Anyway to stream for free?
I’m sorry I’ll wake up.
28-24 Bengals. LFG boys!
I'm more excited than I've been for such a long time. WHO FUCKING DEY BOYS
[deleted]
Welcome to inevitable pain! I hope joe can deliver us from evil... :)
Now you need some Burrow Bengals gear and it'll be perfect
This gives me so much hope and pride
I think I’ll care more about the Bengals this year than Saints. I’m emotionally drained from losing in terrible fashion 3 years in a row.
He shall fulfill the prophecy!
You better make room on another wall!
Beautiful champ
Needs more orange and black
Welcome and FTS!
Iffy due to COVID
Ill have the game on at joes house
Stay home and be safe!
"Washington Football Team fan here ( I know I know, laugh ) 

Wow Joe looks great out there. You guys should be proud. This team deserves it. Totally bs call with Aj Green, but don’t worry about it. The future looks bright for you guys and I’m all here for it. Also, Mixon needs a better upgrade behind him. Good luck!"
Thanks for the support but Joe has a great back up in Giovanni Bernard!
I actually listened to your guys' game vs the Eagles. Helluva comeback and victory. Scared to death of your D.
Calling an obvious OPI call isn’t really BS but yeah Joe looked pretty nutty that last drive
Also why didn’t they get Tyler Boyd involved yesterday? I started him on my fantasy team lol. What potential does he have?
"Fuck Bobby Hart and fuck the Steelers. Goodnight boys. Today fucking sucked but Joe looked great, especially the last drive. Zac should have gave him the ball."
"Burrow graded himself a D. Said the TD run meant nothing because of the loss. 

He got the ball from the TD. You may not know, but the losing team does not hand out game balls. This isn't the participation ribbon era of school.

So I ask again. Who replaces Hart in the line-up ? You never answered that question, but you were quick on that downvote button, which explains why you hide your scores. I mean if I can help, the choices are Fred Johnson {1 start} or taking Knipfel off the PS. Andre Smith opted out so there won't be a 4th or 5th time seeing him again.

Your buddy Zac sure stacked the deck with RT. At least we got another WR in the 2nd round.. We were sure hurting there !!! Yay !!!"
""
"I'm assuming this is Randy? It sucks he missed that field goal, but he did get 54% of points on the board yesterday lol...still feels bad"
"I just wonder why he isn’t one of the best kickers in the league. Guy was hyped up in college but hasn’t really done much as a pro. 

Also, how can he be so big?"
What’s the point of this? You don’t like him as a kicker and think he’s out of shape. Okay move on with your life. No one is posting a picture of you and ridiculing you. Shits just weird.
"Some of y'all on here are absolute shit bags. Lay off the guy, happens."
✂️
There’s no transition from his neck to his chin
"I (31) have been a fan since I was 5.  I remember going to games at riverfront wondering why we played on a baseball field.  I remember how shitty it was in the 90s.  I remember the dick labeau 2-14 season.  This isn't that.  This is week 1 with a rookie QB who had no preseason.  Would anyone who sees another comment or post about ""that's just Bengals football"" get them the heck outta here.  You don't live in Cleveland!"
"No true Scotsman.  Must be tiring with all that gate keeping.  Honestly if you're a ""real"" fan you were probably bummed out that the loss was as unfortunately painful as it was considering the context surrounding the game, and are likely to say all kinds of things just from the sheer outrageousness of what unfolded last night and how it did unfold."
"what you are talking about have nothing to do with what kind of fan they are but what kind of person they are. those are just a loser who give up easily but they are still a Bengals fan.

there is only 2 kind of fan that you can tell if they are true fan or not. the true fan is the one who support one team their whole life. I like Bengals when I was kid because I love Tiger and Orange is my favorite color and here I am 42 yrs old now and still a Bengals fan, so I am one of true fan. those fake fans is the one who keep on changing team thur their life."
"Get bent if you think that you have to act a certain way, or have a certain attitude to be a real fan. I am a couple of years older than you, I was a baby in a carrier at a Superbowl party in 88. I don't have any memories of this team having any true success.

I expect to lose, I expect this front office to fuck up, and to be honest I would not be that surprised if Cincinnati no longer has an NFL team whenever Mike Brown decides that PBS needs to be replaced.

All that said...The more we lose the faster we can hopefully fire Zac Taylor and get a real coach. Nobody can tell any of us how to fan."
Upvote for the sam wyche (rip) quote.
"I'm forty and have been a fan since the Boomer and Ickey years. I have suffered every low and every high. I named my first cat Boomer and still hold my Corey Dillon Jersey with pride.

Stop gatekeeping. Fans have a right to be upset and this franchise hasn't done much to garner goodwill."
[removed]
Seems pretty big for a team that just got absolutely fucking smoked.
"I wish they had been more competitive honestly, now we get them backed into a corner. 

Imo the line seems right. They are being given a semi pass for week 1 as a new system/coach with no preseason, against a top team. On paper their talent is solid and will push their lines until they rack up a bunch of L’s. Additionally the chargers seem really bad/we didn’t do much well. I’m praying for a W but this will definitely be a tough game to grab"
"What do the browns do best?  Run the ball.  What do the bengals do Worst?  stop the run.  If the browns were smart, I'd expect them to run Hunt and Chubb 20 times each.  And the only way that doesn't happen is if the Bengals rookie QB-with-a-terrible-offensive-line-coming-off-no-preseason-and-on-a-short-week leads them to go up to 2 scores early.  So yea I can see 6 points."
Veteran team that’s why. Plus isn’t it in Cleveland?
"It’s because the Browns were smoked by the Ravens in their 14th(?) straight win, which was to be expected

That said, one of these so far incompetent coaches are getting a win on Thursday."
its not big. bengals are bad until they prove otherwise.
"If the 6 point spread doesn't motivate the team then I don't know what will. It is a deliberate sign of disrespect. I watched the Cleveland game, they look like total shit! So, they are saying we are even bigger shit with the spread. Again, if that doesn't motivate the team to fight their asses off for a win and put it together, then nothing will."
Can we talk about how awful the bengals simulated crowd noise was. It sounded like shitty robots. I watched a lot of games flipping the channel around during the 1 o clocks and none were close to being that bad.
"Cant stand the fake crowd noise on any of the games. Soccer or football or hockey.  

its just weird.  I know there are no fans and its just some dude in the booth controlling the sound. I hate it.  

I wish they could just turn on the field mics and let us hear the players and the hits and such."
Honestly it seemed like they cranked it the loudest when we we were driving in that final 2 minutes
I desperately wanted fake crowd boos whenever there was a penalty against the Bengals. I was so disappointed.
The crowd noise is in the broadcast it’s not in the stadium so the bengals didn’t control it cbs did.
"How I understand it, the crowd noise was generated from CBS/Fox. So whatever you heard for us you heard for everyone else as well."
"
Who are the Bengals Players of the Week in our game against the Chargers?  
Nominate your favorite choice for  
**Offensive Player of the Week,**  
**Defensive Player of the Week,** and  
**Special Teams Player of the Week.***  
or
Upvote your favorite submissions.   

##Submit one player per comment - We need to be able to tell why people are upvoting the comment.  

*Duplicates and low effort memes will be removed.*   

##Remember to give reasons (stats, explanation, etc)  

We'd like encourage a format:

**Offense/Defense/Special Teams** - Player Name: Reasons"
Special Teams: Kevin Huber
"I'm going to go out on a limb here 


Offense: uzoomah really stepped up,and helped us make a lot of plays.


Defense: obviously bates look forward to seeing him the rest of the season."
"Burrow

Bates
(Honorable mention Josh Bynes: had some clutch run stuffs and was making plays to keep us in it)

Huber did great."
Jessie Bates
"Defense: Bates
Offense: Burrow
ST: Huber"
"Offense: AJ Green - wiiiiide open on the deep ball before the half that Joe air mailed. He played very well despite facing all-pro level CBs in Casey Heyward and Chris Harris jr. Hard to pick someone on offense because they all had bad moments from AJ's push off to Joe's missed deep passes and terrible interception.

Defense: Jessie Bates easily I think. He was making run stops from the deep safety position, broke up a TD to Hunter Henry is man to man, and made some huge hits that were unjustly called unnecessary roughness.

Special Teams: Huber got screwed on 2 or 3 punts from his gunners. He hit them perfectly around the 5 yard line or closer and they would miss it and let it go to the end zone."
"Offensive: Joe Burrow - Put us in a position to win the game.  
Defensive: Germaine Pratt - Felt like he was everywhere. Also led the team in tackles.  
Special Teams: Kevin Huber - Excellently placed punts which should've been pinned back inside the 5"
"Offense - Joe Burrow: Stood tall in the pocket when it was clean. Made a couple hasty decisions leading to the fumble and the INT but overall he seemed very cool and collected. He had no problem calling his own number when he saw a defensive lineup he liked and he ran through them like a man.


Defense - Jesse Bates: the man got rung up on two different BS helmet-to-helmet calls, one of which had 0 helmet contact and the other was equally initiated by the ball-carrier trying to duck as Jesse went low. The man was everywhere on the field and made his presence known. Honorable mention: WJ3: great coverage and tackling.

Special Teams: Kevin Huber. His great punts helped us win the field position battle  despite our offense failing to execute most of the game. He's been down on yardage the past 3-4 years and yesterday he kicked the fuck out of the ball."
"Burrow (obligatory)

Jessie Bates 

Huber. If we could down them, he was on point"
"Defense: Josh Bynes- I heard his name a lot last night, and this is the first game I can remember in a long time where I felt like LB wasn't a glaring weakness."
Defense: Jessie Bates
William Jackson: Dude was a blanket playing like a #1 corner all day.
Offense: Billy Price. He actually looked pretty good in the relief role as the offensive line as a whole played much better in the 2nd half. Honorable mention to Joe Burrow for the last drive alone.
Defense: Everybody is talking about Jessie who had a great game but I want to put Josh Byrnes' name out there. He made plays consistently all over the field and brought a lot of leadership and confidence to the linebacking group that was mostly young guys. Honorable mention to Pratt who was in on a lot of plays and made several tackles.
"O- Uzomah
D- WJ3
ST- Huber"
"Offense: Green for me, I will admit it was hard for me to pay attention to anyone on offense because all I was doing was watching Burrow. 

ST: Huber this one is not surprising tbh, he is always money

Defense: This one is tough, Bates, WJ3, Bynes, Reader? man there were quite a few really good players out there!"
Bobby Hart for Chargers Player Of the Week.
Special Teams Player of the Week: Huber. That man was punting the best I've ever seen him. He should have had a couple pinned in the 10 if the gunners made a play.
"The fact that I’m thinking of Bates, Reader, Bynes, and WJ3 as potential defensive candidates brings me joy."
One player per comment
Offense: Trey Hopkins. His block on the Burrow run alone earned him the award IMO.
"Special teams-Kevin Huber, he was hitting some really good balls yesterday and really helped with field position"
"Defense: Jessie Bates. Man was allover the field. Loved his energy, his couple flags were bad calls imo."
offense: Joe Burrow
"Offense: Gonna go with a weird one here. Billy Price. The offensive line did not give up a sack after Price came in for Sua Filo. He looked solid, impressed me and I expected little to nothing out of him. Not many other deserving players. Burrow looked like a rookie. Mixon fumbled. AJG got called for the OPI."
"Defense-Josh Bynes, 8 total tackles, 1 sack. Played great and was nice to see considering our lb play last year"
Everything: Joe Burrow.
Special Teams: Kevin Huber had a great day punting the ball and could have easily had 3 balls pinned inside the 5 if our gunners had made plays.
"Offense: Burrow, He showed the clutchness to pull us down the field when needed the most.

Defense :Reader, The D went down noticeably whilst he was out

ST: Huber, His punts were brilliant. Consistently one of the best in the league."
"Just wanted to give an outsiders perspective :

1) Burrow is going to be fantastic.  He had no offseason and already looks like a playmaker. Poor dude will need a RT at some point who can protect him though.

2) O-Line. A lot of O-lines looked aweful. Ours (Texans) due to poor coaching.  Your coach was installing an offense with a rookie QB. Also, this was Jonah’s first game right? He will get there.  He looks strong as hell. 

3) AJ Green is back! Saw a drop or two deep but he and Joe will get into a rhythm. Can’t wait.  Also.... I love they Tee Higgins NFL Comp during the draft was AJ Green. Haha.  Maybe it will be like the young and old wolverine in Logan! 

4) DJ Reader is gong to be an animal in Cincy.  I saw the injury scare but sounds like he’s ok.  DJ was quietly the best defensive player pound for pound outside of maybe Justin Reid.   He’s got a great attitude and work ethic.  If Geno is slipping (seemed off yesterday) then give it a few games of Reader outshining him...it will bring out the best in Geno. 

5) You need some more play out of your TEs. A young QB needs a reliable TE to dump off too when pressured like he was.  Admittedly I’m naive about your TE roster and maybe you’re set there? 


Good luck this season.  I’m a Burrows fan already even if he looks alarmingly like Jim Breuer in Half Baked!


Edit : Thanks guys, guess I had a brain fart and assumed that was Geno, but now I know why he seemed off!!! 🤣"
"I agree, Geno seemed like a completely different guy out there."
"Agree with just about all of that, but for the record, Geno didn’t play yesterday."
"Most of what you said I agree with. As far as Geno goes, he was actually out. He suffered a small injury last week and I don’t think they wanted to risk him as he was day to day all week. 

TEs - not exactly our strong suit, but they did spend a second round pick last year on Drew Sample which I think they’ll start getting him involved more. The final drive saw a few throws to Uzomah, so I think it had more to do with Burrow finding some footing."
Yesterday even though we lost our future is super bright. Kinda had flashbacks to the Palmer early days. Burrow is a gamer he looked super cool on that last drive. The spotlight and the big moment is nothing to him.
"Even with rookie mistakes and a porous O-line, Joe did what he needed to do at the end of the game. If not for the penalty on A.J., the game was won. If not for the blown kick, the game was tied. There's a lot of good to take away from that game."
"You can tell a lot from how the team celebrates an individual player scoring and there were a lot of very happy people after Joe did his 23yrd scamper.
I'm an LSU fan as well as Bengals [I'm from Northern England, it's a long story] so I'm used to seeing Joe start picking apart a defence after a sustained period of pressure. He needs to O line to step up more, but the coaches need to scheme more when you've got two D line beasts like the chargers do. Too many times one of them was untouched.
Joe getting better after fucking up with that shovel pass is pretty normal too, he doesn't crawl back into his shell. He'll want to redeem himself with play. 
Think you all got sight of some of the throws he can make under pressure last night."
"Geno was so off it was like he wasn’t even there 🤣 all joking aside I agree with your assessments. We need to drop Bobby Hart and realize Joe is playing in his first game in an unprecedented offseason. He looked very impressive against a ferocious pass rush. Despite the loss I was impressed with him and our new players. 

FBH (F*ck Bobby Hart as a person and a player)

FTS"
Thanks!
Thanks for the kind words and motivation to stay positive but ya Geno Atkins didn’t play yesterday he was injured
"Even without Geno the defense is clearly improved - they play faster and they get to the ball. Of course nobody mistakes Tyrod for Peyton Manning, but still. Burrow will make his rookie mistakes but it seems to me he has it. Color me cautiously optimistic - this year is really about next year (stole that from a writer but it’s true)."
"They gave 50 million to DJ reader, they should have given 55M to Jack Conklin. Looking at the nfl the past 10 years. The only positions that matter much is QB, OL, and DB. The rest are irrelevant because you can find them in the draft year in and year out"
"I am not overly worried about the lose yesterday.  Joe is a rookie trying to learn a new system with no preseason and a questionable OLine.  I think he will do well against The Browns.  Then again who wouldnt.  But if we lose to the Browns I will be pretty upset.

I think Joe will be pretty damn good in the long run.  He will have some great flashes this season and he will have games where we are thinking Why the Hell did we draft this guy.  There will be a pretty big learning curve but he will be great.  I am still thinking I will be happy with 6 or 7 wins this season."
"Yeah we have the worst offensive line coach in the game, compounded by the fact that he's a terrible person"
""
"This is completely false, I deff trust that yellow gate more"
You’re giving him way too much credit. Maybe a parking cone would be more accurate
"There was one play, they showed a replay on.  It didn’t end up a sack, but Burrow was hurried.  Bobby Hart comes off the snap, let’s Bosa run right at Burrow while he looks right and no one is there for him to block.  Not sure if this was a protection audible, but I’d like to see Fred Johnson get a shot to play next week."
Should have been a pic of a trash can
Seems pretty effective considering grass is lava
Only true if the gate opens with a slight push as well
"Bobby Hart's new nickname...

""The Matador""
[the Matador](https://images.app.goo.gl/3uSYGaWxMWAGi68n8)

 God he's awful..."
What about switching Hart and Bullock switching positions? Ryan is getting even chubbier and Hart is good at kicking us in the nuts 💁🏻‍♂️
"I do love how Bobby was one of the first guys in the end zone to celebrate with Joe. It shows how much Hart loves him and going to try as hard as he can to protect him. 

If we can draft a RT, maybe we can slide Hart to RG in the future"
[deleted]
"Two things I saw that gives me hope:

1. Burrow wasn’t afraid to march down the field at the end of the game and win the damn thing against a well above average secondary. Despite the OPI, and whether or not it was justified, that’s something you either have or you don’t. 

2. Despite our OLs best efforts, Burrow kept plays alive. Hopefully with better OL play he can actually stay in the pocket and read the defense."
"You know what was nice, for the first time in a long time, every time our QB threw the ball, I didn’t get anxiety thinking it was going to be intercepted"
[removed]
Any Bengals fans/groups in Orlando?!
Just left Orlando to move back to Cincy this year!
Just north of Tampa
"Joe Mixon...you guys/gals watch the game, so you know my concerns here

&#x200B;

Should I freak out or not(fantasy purposes)"
"Hard to run when the line sucks and you have a rookie quarterback. Don't be concerned for the future, but maybe these first few weeks won't be so good"
"Chargers gave a great dline, we have a bad online, and he still had 69 yards. Joe is going to be fine."
We went against one of the strongest Dlines in the NFL. Give it time bro.
"Be interested to see all his passes compiled, from what I saw he was doing a lot of shorter routes but missed on the deep balls slightly. 

All in all a good day given how much time he had back there. 
How about speed/velocity?
Deeper balls seems to float a lot but make them very catchable with the downward arc when accurate... anyone else observations ?"
Bengals website has a video of his best plays.
NFL YouTube has all his completed passes and runs. Would be nice to see his incompletions and sacks tho
[deleted]
Noticed it too. It was infuriating live.
"You aren’t misinterpreting the rule, they were definitely toeing the line. They easily could have been called several times for defensive delay of game."
Logical answer: Because we’re  the Bengals.
I saw at least 2 incidents that way. One guy literally just wrapped his arms around a guys ankles after the catch.
"It's too controversial to make a call like that....

but it's totally fine to make an OPI call with 7 seconds left when the WR is being held."
There was 2 egregious cases there at the end. If they took 5 seconds from us they cost us the game. 12 seconds would of been on the clock when we kicked. Would of allowed 1 or 2 more shots into the end zone.
But if the bengals players did it it would be called everytime.
"Yeah it was infuriating to watch live, but we can’t leave the game in the hands of the refs. Had multiple chances to put it away. That final drive has me excited for the rest of the season!"
Yeah i lost all respect for chargers and their fans (by default). Sideline catch and hes mounting him like its a highschool wrestling match. Should have been some penalties.
I was screaming at the TV .......They were totally holding them on the ground.....Bullshit!
This always happens in that scenario but they were really pushing it and it was pissin me off
"This happens everytime a team is trying to go into hurry up at the end of the game. Unless it's super egregious it's never going to be called. The defensive player doesn't have to immediately jump up after a tackle, it's not their responsibility to help the other team run their hurry up offense."
"Refs fucked us all game, we should of won."
"My biggest takeaway from the Chargers game is that Joe Burrow has balls of steel. He got hammered repeatedly in the first half and ran for his life. I believe a lot of us (myself included) were holding our breaths at halftime wondering if he would get even one clean pocket the rest of the game. 

His first sack was an ugly 14 yard loss where he looked like a true rookie. He was then sacked 2 more times and hurried/hit repeatedly throughout the half. 

In the 2nd half he was not sacked a single time and was also hit much less often. Outside of the interception his decision making was methodical and his adjustments were apparent. It took him 2 quarters to adjust to the speed of an NFL pass rush and it was very clear in the 2nd half that his presence in the pocket was much greater. He felt his blindside and stepped up with incredible poise. Add this to the list of his other savvy moves and we have ourselves a football savant on our hands. 

What are those other savvy moves?

Audibling into a QB draw when you see the box is empty and following the center like fucking prime Le'veon Bell. 

Running the 2 minute drill to absolute perfection. Honest to God, rookie or not, I don't think I've ever seen a team get lined up so quickly and into good plays. Seriously what the actual fuck he is a rookie?

What really took the cake is when he got the team lined up to snap the ball after the John Ross bobble. He ran it like he was a 10 year vet and the refs straight up hit him with a power move. I don't think any of us question whether Joe got that snap off (he clearly did) but the refs shut that shit down. Either way it was a ridiculous display of his presence of mind. 


On top of all this he was realistically a chip shot field goal away from putting together another legendary drive in overtime. 

When you consider the nature of this off-season it cannot be overstated just how truly prepared he looked. His hard count, the way he bounces up after big hits, holy-fucking-shit this dude is forreal. 

I've seen what I need to see. He is the chosen one. Bengals fans rejoice!"
"One thing that makes me feel better is that, yeah Burrow took that rookie-like 14-yard sack, but Baker is still taking those sacks in his 3rd year."
Im honestly so pumped for the rest of the year
"Two points I want to touch on. The first being the hurry up after John Ross' bobble, I've seen Andy try that multiple times throughout his career with us, try to snap the ball quick before the play could be reviewed, and I don't remember him ever getting the offense lined up in time, let alone into the next play and getting the ball snapped. Impressive.

The second being the hard count he forced a neutral zone infraction on. That just simply doesn't happen from a rookie signal caller. The command he has of that offense in year 1 is insane. Regardless of this season's outcome, I am excited for the future."
It really felt like some kind of hybrid preseason game. Once he got the feel of it things just seemed to start clicking. Also hats off to the defense which felt like were on the field the whole game.
"For real it was like he went from rookie to veteran in one game, it was crazy to witness. He looked like Brady/Manning commanding the team on the last drive, just willing them down there himself."
"Watch how quick he makes his reads. Looks a lot like Brees. You guys are in for a fun season if the coach can get him not to block! Bengals are now my second team after the Saints.

Geaux Tigahs."
"I agree, especially on the bouncing back up after big hits. He got CRUSHED a few times and jumped right up and wouldn't be intimidated. The kid is TOUGH.

So fucking glad Mike Brown wouldn't return Miami's draft trade calls cuz Tua would have already been out for the season."
thought Jonah did ok
Idk about the PFF grades but why don't the Bengals try out Fred Johnson or Hakeem Adeniji at the RT? they can't possibly be worse than Bobby Hart. Did Johnson get any snaps or no?
"I was trying to look at the PFF scores for our O-Linemen and I discovered that the PFF scores are behind a subscription. I'm curious if anyone has a subscription to PFF and thinks it's worth it? It's ~~only $40~~  **a whopping $200** for the year... I would think it's fairly easy to get your eyes on the PFF scores with some help from internet friends or by doing some digging.

In that same vein (assuming there aren't any rules against this) if anyone in this subreddit already has a subscription, I'm sure plenty of bengal-bros would appreciate you posting the scores on here. I'll be sure to give you some internet points."
You actually have to purchase their $200 Elite package to gain access to their rankings and grades.
""
As much as I hate randy - I hope he’s ok for Thursday. Do not want to see the result of us scrambling for a kicker in 3 days during Covid
"We should draft a kicker, in the 5th round, then cut him."
"\#Bengals kicker Randy Bullock is undergoing tests, but the left calf issue that caused his late miss Sunday is “nothing serious,” source said. Short week before Thursday’s game at Cleveland. They’ll work out Bullock before then and have a Plan B if he can’t go.

***

posted by [@TomPelissero](https://twitter.com/TomPelissero)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I really hope we dont have to go Plan B. Randy isn't even close to being a great kicker but there's some seriously dogshit FA kickers floating around in the ether.
"CHAD JOHNSON, WE NEED YOU!"
Not gonna lie wouldn't mind working out a kicker. Not confident in a 100 percent Fat Randy don't even want to see a not healthy Fat Randy. Can I please get an average NFL kicker please?
"Here's why I dont blame him, sure it was a short field goal but he nailed a field goal earlier that wasn't easy (51 yards?) and overall the offense failed many times to put up points. I'm more than happy with the defense but Bullock didn't lose the game, as always it comes down to a couple plays."
Any chance they look for kickers? Id love to see the stats for how many wins he's cost us.
"Damn it, he Randy'd us!"
Dude is a joke.....some of you guys called it smh!
"Can we all agree that this weekend's game created a new phrase to use when someone has an over dramatic reaction, like faking an injury, to mask an embarrassing moment? Like...

""Oh, look at that, he pulled a Randy"" or,

""Oh, you know you are not hurt Johnny so get up off the ground and stop trying to pull a Randy!"" or,

""You dumb ass, that's not a broken leg, that's a mosquito bite. Now, stop trying to Randy me and get the hell back out onto the field!!"""
He wasn’t faking an injury. He literally injured both of his legs.
"> Can we all agree 

NO."
I'm pissed he missed it but I can respect him for taking it on the chin. He didnt shy from it he went to the media and told them what happened. He said he got a cramp mid kick. I'm pissed about it but at least he owns it.
I am personally into Matt Gay
"Put me in coach, I can kick a football over them mountains"
Ochocinco
"Vinatieri is a free agent, but he wasn’t great last year. And he’s older than dirt"
"I doubt anyone unless the injury is serious. The kickers in Free Agency are butt cheeks. 

Randy is by no means a good kicker but he consistently hits kicks under 50 and extra points. That's more than most kickers in FA can say. 

I mean the Browns just had to pick up Cody Parkey in free agency for gods sake."
Just let Burrow kick.
Jim Breech
"You

Edit: username check out"
The guy we had in training camp a few years ago that was on the U-18 US National Soccer team. John Brown I think his name was?
"Bullock has been well above average most of his career and one miss due to a mid kick injury is not any reason to go digging into free agency or anything.  If its a serious injury that will require more then 2 weeks of recovery then you go into FA which Kai Forbath or Matt Bryant would be the best options IMO.  That being said, the NFL is very strict on roster size, and everybody has a contingency plan for these things, I am sure that Taylor has a guy picked to kick fieldgoals if Bullock got hurt mid game, whoever that is will kick on Thursday.  I would not see them go shopping unless its a multi week thing."
[deleted]
[removed]
""
"One played his first game in the pros, one has years of experience. It's ok to judge them differently based on that."
Burrow didn’t get laid the fuck out because of Jonah. Discussion over.
They did credit Bobby with 6 pressures... The next closest person had 3. So he did not do well.
I thought Williams held up pretty well  for his first ever NFL game against a pretty good DE in Ingram.
"When the biggest issue for this team this year is keeping Joe Burrow upright, then Jonah Williams had an infinitely better game than Bobby Hart. Williams needs to improve at run blocking according to PFF, but that’s not my biggest concern. Plus both guys should be graded on a curve. One was playing his first snap in any game in over a year and his first snap ever in the NFL. The other is an anti vaxxer."
"2nd to last column is pass blocking, which Williams was significantly better. I don’t know how many runs Bobby impacted, but I have to think those numbers are skewed (is Bobby getting credit for the Burrow TD run)?"
Is he actually as good at run blocking as his 81.2 would indicate? Cause thats a really good grade.
What are the columns?
The difference is one gave up colossal opportunities for injury to joe and/or turnovers. The other just played mediocre. I’ll take the latter 10/10
"Pass blocking is way more important than run blocking though. An average pass blocking tackle we probably win that game. Better tun blocking from Jonan would have made not a lot of difference 


It seems the old school right tackle is a run blocker when basically all the best pass rushers in the NFL go against the right tackle so its actually ad important as left tackle."
Jonah had a rough first quarter then settled in. Bobby... Didn't.
Fans hate Bobby Hart and are optimistic on Williams. Not sure if we have the ability to be objective on Hart after all the suck.
I thought he was poor. Hopefully he learns quickly.
"He can't be any worse than ole Bobby, can he?"
"that's what I'm saying or even the rookie Hakeem. Everyone knows Hart is bad, yet they keep playing him.

How did the rest of the line look yesterday?"
Maybe Thursday in some capacity now that ZT just ruled out Xavier Sua'Filo for Browns game.
""
""
Sometimes I wonder if Cowherd even watched him in college
""
Price played pretty well in relief I thought
Saw on Twitter PFF had him at 75.5 but can't confirm
"I remember the Week 1 depth chart showed Calhoun as backup RG, but Price got the role yesterday. I wonder if that will be the same case Thursday"
Hypothetically speaking... (cuz I know neither team would ever do it) what would you give up to trade Justin Tucker to the Bengals? My answer is a 3rd round - maybe even 2nd round pick.
I hate these hypothetical trade posts
"I don’t think they would let him go for less than a 1st, and I still don’t think that’s enough. 

We know first hand how hard it is to find a good kicker, and they have the best kicker ever."
I would never do that If I was the Bengals GM
Don’t need him chad Johnson can be our kicker
Trade Burrow
""
Amen brother FTS
FTS
Where can I buy this?
""
"I only saw 1 super traditional RPO look but he's great at these, he did this exact thing a million times as LSU, this should be a staple

[gfycat](https://gfycat.com/imperturbableunfinishedibis)

he really did fit the ball into some pretty tight windows. LOL to everyone saying his arm wouldnt be strong enough for this.

[gfycat](https://gfycat.com/aromatichonorabledrafthorse)

[gfycat](https://gfycat.com/impressionablewaterloggedgiraffe)

[gfycat](https://gfycat.com/earlyillbinturong)

[gfycat](https://gfycat.com/incomparablewarlikegermanspitz)

[gfycat](https://gfycat.com/flashyrecklessirishwaterspaniel)"
""
Too soon
Bro looks good man disregard us we’re just not happy about losing lol. If you could make a big one off burrow I would think about buying one to frame lol
"If Heyward had a Bengals jersey on, that would've been a declined defensive pass interference and touchdown."
I wouldnt buy it but you got great talent!
Not the type of thing I'd buy but I do like the loose style. Would have done an art bet with you before the game.
Tell your players to stop trying to pin our players. Ive seen some bitches but that sets a new standard.
"Fuck you asshole


https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/986/729/20d.gif"
"Even if this wasn't a troll post, the art is garbage."
"I have made a subreddit, r/bobbyhart, where you guys can say anything you want about the man himself."
"Hmm, weird."
This feels unnecessary
so you are encouraging bullying??
This is pretty cool
""
Sign ochocinco pussies
Return the Ocho!
"Every year we play this same dumb game. We bring in a kicker who has a legit leg. But then all we hear is ""Randy won the job in camp"" and how ""Randy is consistent"". Randy wins the job and goes on to lose at LEAST 1 game on his own every year.

Same as it ever was. This time, he just decided to fake an injury."
He needs more practice considering he's 3 for 7 on game winning and game tying kicks in 4Q/OT throughout his career.
""
That’s a man cave to be proud of
You either found Huber's House or his very rich stalker's house
My buddy worked on Kevin Hubers house and installed these crazy closet renovations.  I can ask him if this looks familiar
I need to make a lot more money.
"Wouldn't be surprised if that is Huber's house, he likes his drinks from what I understand :P"
"It's not hard to look at the county tax roll for the address and see for sure. You can even search by name and most likely find most players if you want to search county by county, if they actually own rather than rent at least."
What’s weird is that this looks much nicer than even Andy Dalton’s former mansion. On a punter’s salary!
"Holy shit, I was JUST talking to my buddies about this and couldn't find the listing again. They thought I was making it up haha. Thanks for the save"
""
I didn’t realize Bobby was only 26. Feels like he’s been here forever.
Such a punchable face
"Browns fan here - not coming to talk shit, just like to browse opposing subs before the game to get a little insight.

With that being said, genuine question, why are you holding on to this guy? I cant remember i have ever heard one positive thing about him lol. 

Also, how what is the state of your OL in general?"
[deleted]
""
"I met Tim through a common friend a few years ago when we would do our annual NFL draft. He was very bright and friendly. He had a super bright future. He studied at MIT Sloan School of Management and was hired by Google only two months ago.

He was hiking when he suffered a heatstroke, and passed a few days later.

This is the everloved page started by his friends and family.

 https://everloved.com/life-of/timothy-tsang/funeral/

I just want the Bengals community to know they have lost a brother. May he rest in peace.

Edit: thanks for the award kind stranger, but please donate towards Tim's funeral via the above link instead. Thank you for all the kind words everyone."
RIP Tim!
that's tragic bro dude had so much ahead of him RIP to my man condolences to y'all
RIP Tim. Sorry for your loss #WhoDey
Who Dey Tim
It was apparent even in your short bio of him that he was a very bright young man. Life isn’t fair. Rest in piece Tim.
He was ascending. RIP Tim.
"So sorry for your loss.  Must have been an incredibly bright guy to both get into Sloan, Google, and to also be a Bengals fan.  Rest in peace Bengal Brother.  

Just checked his LinkedIn and he did his undergrad where I got my MBA so we're also alumni bros too."
RIP Tim 😢
RIP Tim 😔
Godspeed Tim.
Sorry for your loss. RIP Who Dey Tim!
so sorry to hear this :(
RIP
Heart goes out to you and his family ❤️
I want king tim flair.
Sorry for your loss.
Beat the browns for Tim.  Let's go!
Rip Tim🙏 Stay strong Man👊
Condolences.
"RIP Tim. Sorry for your loss, OP.

It looks like he grew up in Hong Kong, do you know why he chose the Bengals to support? It will be an interesting story to hear."
Man.. Rip Tim. Who Dey
RIP
""
"lol...we lost by 3 points to a decent team...you just remind him that back in your day ""with the sixth pick of the 1992 NFL draft the Cincinnati Bengals select..."" now I am sorry for whoever I just made cry but we have all lived through worse eras of Bengals ball!  I have hopes for a improvement"
[removed]
""
""
No he was inactive.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Looking good man!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Im excited and optimistic...but I don't believe Joe is the big issue. It's that darn O line.
Yep there's that..also..He's a rookie...so we should probably let him grow a little...
Seeing them shine on a national stage would be a nice change since historically that's when they shit the bed.
X
Opposite of primetime dalton
My big fear is Taylor isn't as creative on offense as we hoped. I'm hoping they're starting slow since we have some new players. My fear is we get another Kevin Zampese and another vanilla play book.
Miles Garrett up against Bobby Hart is nightmare fuel though.
IM SO EXCITED
"We’ll see what happens we don’t have the best record when it comes to prime time games, but I’m hopeful."
Damn fucking hope so.
You had me when you said “Joe Burrow is going to dominate CLE”
If there's a game that can sell me on Burrow it'll be Thursday night.
then you realize hes on the bengals and not lsu anymore.
Did you even watch the last game? How do you expect we make the transition from terrible to great against a much better team in 4 days?
""
I wish I had one that said “Bengals fan: Do NOT Resesitate!”
""
[deleted]
"Honestly my gut tells me if anyone can out bengal us, it’s the browns. I somehow feel like it’s a guarantee we win this one on a kick that sends their fan base into full on suicide watch"
"May as well bring back Nuge in that case lol. 


In all seriousness, never understood why not go to Australia and get a couple of guys and train the shit out of them. Those guys can drop a ball to a corner  like Brady can make a ball land on a quarter 40 yards away. It's crazy. One as a punter, one as a pk.  Not just the Bengals, but football teams everywhere."
Oh my goodness. Browns fan here.  Can we have some sort of bet on this game regarding most kicks missed this Thursday? Maybe the mods can put together some type of competition.
"Browns waive Seibert after two misses, then proceed to sign Double Doink Parkey lmao"
Seems like he might have been the only option considering covid/short week. He’s the only kicker released this week (correct me if I’m wrong) which means that he’s been under strict nfl covid protocol and he just happens to be right up the road.
Call Chad Johnson
Revenge game incoming 😤
"Sounds like they don't have a lot of options if Randy can't play, because of the short week and covid protocols."
"Hindsight 20/20, we should have never gotten rid of Elliot."
Browns fan here. I’m pissed the browns cut him After only one week. Maybe 2-3 bad weeks than cut him. I wouldn’t be pissed if he nailed a game winner. I wanna see him nail a 60yarder and run the ball over to Stef. IMO the browns dicked him over
I swear we’ve never had a solid kicker since I been a fan since 2008 ish
"It's because Bullock is injured, he won't be here for long"
Seibert's gonna kick the winning field goal.
"Yall need to chill, this is just insurance in case Randy can't go on Thursday."
I'm gonna laugh my ass off if Seibert goes like 3 of 3 and we win.
People calling to Axe Randy have to realize how hard it is to find viable kickers.  This dude missed 5 extra points last year!     It is not easy to find a replacement mid season.
"Makes sense, given the circumstances and COVID protocol."
I kinda wish they would just take a chance on an unproven youngster rather than continue to juggle dog turds.
What in WhoDey fuck is happening
"Hey guys. 

We have 2 days before Thursday...they have to pass through covid protocols and getting someone in state quickens the process. 

I really had faith that with a new QB and some hope it'd be less whiny around here..but here we are lol"
The bengals two weakest links contributed to the loss on Sunday. Bullock is one of those. The cardboard cutout at RT is the other.
Fuck Fat Randy!
Remember Jake Elliot?  I member
WHY
Why is everyone tripping over the kicker? After burrows last drive performance I rather have him finish the game off or go for it on 4th downs.
""
"How bad was kicking around the NFL in Week 1? 

- 19 missed field goal attempts. 
- five missed extra point attempts. 

Only one game (Packers v. VIkings) didn't have a missed kick of some sort.

***

posted by [@brentsobleski](https://twitter.com/brentsobleski)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Just throwing this out there for the people who think Bullock sucks. He's a solid kicker and those are harder to come by. Yeah it blows that he missed that kick but he's not a bad kicker by any means.
"Gotskowski dropped three ranks in the ""most accurate kicker of all time"" list just last night alone."
"I wonder how many open receivers were missed? How many fumbles? How many interceptions? Let's get rid of anyone that made more than 1 mistake! BTW, that means we keep our kicker and lose our QB."
""
He missed a chip shot but there really aren’t any better available options out there. Most kickers sucked this week.
"Honestly compared to other kickers we could have I'm content with Randy. 


Also, we have to remember he wasn't the only kicker that performed bad, I think there was at least 10 different kickers missing chip shots on Sunday. Even the chargers kicker missed earlier in the game."
Let's see your gut buddy and see you make a 50 yard FG.
"Fun fact, Randy is 43% (3 of 7) on game winning/tying kicks. Dude is not clutch."
"Ope, thought that was me for a sec. 👀"
How can he run on a treadmill with a bad calf? Lmao
[deleted]
Fans have been asking for updates for years and with the subtle nods on twitter towards new unis I could see the stadium getting renovated as well. They seem to realize that this is the last chance to hold on to the fanbase by what they've been doing all year long with free agency and the draft.
"Here's my wishlist for PBS:

* Bengals ring of honor

* Tear down the L-scalator

* New sound system

* Wood or faux-wood facades to cover all of the damn concrete

* Better concession options"
"They need a indoor practice facility, new uniforms"
PRACTICE STADIUM
"They’ve tried an indoor practice field it was shot down due to zoning because of the bridge.


The next logical answer is to build a different facility then somewhere, but with the UC bubble a 5 minute drive away what’s the point?


The practice bubble is a dead horse."
They should upgrade the O-Line first
Please build a practice facility for the love of God
I understand the Jungle theme but I always thought the green seats look ridiculous and don't match our uniforms. Wish they go with black and orange seats.
Come on bubble...
"The interior club sections are a little bit dated and can be refreshed.  These area are perfect for being rented out for corporate events and receptions but right now the style is out of date.  


They need to get the escalators up to the 300 level working for every game.  Year after year I feel like after a tough loss I need to take the stairs down because the stupid escalator is broken on the west side of the stadium. There are fucking 10 games a year so these should work 10 out of 10 games.  


I'm curious if PBS would support overhangs similar to what they put in for Miami?  When it rains it sucks in the colder months.  


The bathrooms always have the paper towels dispensers broken.  I feel like by the end of the 1st quarter the machines are open and the paper towels roll are on top of the dispenser.

Spruce up the interior tunnels along the sideline seats.  I feel like these sections are pure concrete and could be spruced up.  I think Great American Ballpark is a good example of how to do it right."
My vote is to knock er down. Let a big company come in give them naming rights and have them foot  some of the bill.
""
That’s fine
when’s the last time cowherd was right? 1-1 ez
Fuck that guy.
Why do people pay him any attention? Shit like this is why he does what he does.
When Bill Simmons did guess the lines on his podcast he was flabbergasted that the line was -6 and said he thinks Cincy played better than Cleveland which makes sense when the Browns were blown out and Cincy was in it until the end.
Cowherd's opinion matters how? Dude is wrong all the time.
Who gives a shit about him. Stop feeding the trolls views.
I mean this take makes complete sense. Colin's been high on Baker since he got drafted.
Fine by me.  We can start talking shit when we start winning.
"The Browns are so bad, we’re gonna destroy them."
Who's surprised? The guy has no respect for this city. He's always underestimated us.
The line being -6 is disrespect. Our offense just faced the best pass rush and the best Secondary it’s gonna face all year..
"He may be right, though I'd wager we have the better QB.

In any case, their offensive line is 100% better than ours, and that's significant."
Dude's a chump
Why do we get so many Cowherd post on this sub?
Well that’s a pretty good sign lol
""
"For real how are these not all sent to a straving country like the non winner shirts of championship games, no ones gonna buy these. The onky way i would is if i had a way to change it to benson on the back"
They really dropped the ball on that.
Embarrassing
I might buy one just to burn it
"If I was Jeremy Hill, I'd buy the remaining stock out of embarrassment!"
Holy crap.
"I'd buy one for a buck for the simple fact that I could easily turn it into a Traveyon Williams jersey with that ""i-l-l"" already laid out for me. 😉"
Let's buy all of them and send them to Jeremy and hope he does a video response Adam Jones style.
Ew.
Does anyone make good cover ups for the names? I'd get one for cheap and just turn it into a Rudi Johnson jersey.
I would pay up to $5 with free shipping for this
Would make good kindling
More valuable as fire starter
"In college I worked at Olympia Sports in Boston fairly close to Fenway park. When Johnny Damon ended up on the Yankees, we marked down the authentic $200 jerseys down to $10, and I still don’t think we sold very many."
"Hahaha, the price dropped today to 25.99.    Think somebody saw this?"
They outta pay you $29.99 to take the jersey. The hell is this? Donate them to the charity and take the tax credit already.
""
Neat
"On Cinci jungle t didn’t specify and said Randy might still kick Thursday. If not Randy, who did they cut?"
xavier suo filo will be placed on IR
""
:{3
Love Gio. Hope he’s a Bengal for his entire career.
imgur
"Gotta love the Bengal institutions that act as comfort food during tough times, like Gio's consistency and Monkeyfeng posting about Gio."
""
"I hope we get a mic'd up for this, I bet Ross loved that"
Give Ross the clipboard and get in there coach.
I wanted a replay but the announcers didn’t give a hoot
"If Aj hadn’t pushed off, his catch would’ve been amazing"
"Mike William’s first catch when he landed out of bounds was insane, too bad for him Will Jax locked his ass up all game."
He was teaching John Ross what catching a football looks like
Holy shit
You know as a Browns fan. Seeing this Tyrod Taylor pass looks VERY familiar.
He was out of bounds tho. Would have been a sick pick if he could have kept two feet in
"I saw that too, what a catch. I mean they say QBs have the best hands."
Some nice Taylor to Taylor action
Can he block?
R/bettereveryloop
So casual too
Yup.
paul brown would have been proud. acting like you've been there before and done that.
"Mike Williams had a better one, Zac Taylor didn’t have a safety laying the boom on him. Shame about Randy, would’ve been a fun OT game!"
Ross asking coach for pointers after
Umm... hell yes!
""
I wish we'd hear a bit more about whats going on with Geno.
Does anyone know who would be starting next to DJ if Geno/Daniels can’t go Thursday?
"The optimist in me: Oh, they're just ""vet resting"" them to get ready for the short week. 

The Bengalized realist in me: prepare to get skull-fucked by the Browns running game when Geno and Daniels inevitably are inactive on Thursday."
""
"Bleav in The #1 Bengals Podcast is available on many podcast apps.

  [RSS Feed](https://rss.art19.com/bleav-in-the-1-bengals-podcast) • [Podbay (web player)](https://podbay.fm/p/bleav-in-the-1-bengals-podcast?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=comment&utm_campaign=podcastsbot) • [Pocket Casts](https://pca.st/itunes/1530835181) • [Overcast](https://overcast.fm/itunes1530835181) • [Apple Podcasts](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/id1530835181) • [Podcast Website](https://art19.com/shows/bleav-in-the-1-bengals-podcast)
  
  ^(I'm an automated bot helping people quickly open podcast links in their preferred podcast app. More platforms are added by request when technically possible. [Send me a message to request](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=PodcastsBot))"
""
"Well, this can't be good. With the exception of Hart, we need every lineman we can get."
We played better with Price in there than we did with Sua Filo. Anyone know the PFF grades for them this week?
Speedy recovery big guy
Ugh more injuries to the OL... just what the team needed
[deleted]
Here come the OBJ to CIN rumors......
Still remember him throwing cash around after the championship game lol. That has to suck having the championship QB of your alma mater go to a rival
Odell has a “crappy” attitude 💀💀💀
"If we want to rid A.J. and get OBJ from a youth perspective I’m for it.

Big Dick Joe wouldn’t take no shit from OBJ either."
[deleted]
[deleted]
Seriously great convo. AJ is the man.
""
nice crop
"That's a raven pooping on it, though"
Haha love it!
""
And Belichick spies on us from the trash.
https://youtu.be/EiMVwroXviI
""
Thanks for posting this for us!
What a great dude.  Good job boys!
"Love AJ, Great interview!"
""
I realize hobby hart had no one to block but him just running up field is fantastic lol
"Such a clutch late 4th round pick. Absolutely no expectations from that draft spot, yet he might end up being one of our best linemen in his second year. For that reason, he’s one of my favorite players on the team, and I hope he continues to improve"
"Damn, Mixon ran into Hopkins otherwise that could have been a big one."
I cant tell but is his tongue sticking out when he do that?
I love how hype he was after the hit.
And Bobby Hart didn't manage to touch anyone....
"hopkins was solid on that play too. bengals oline would be good enough to solid for this season, IF they could just fix the situation at RT"
This is amazing!  I hope they blew him up on Monday watching the tape of this over and over again.  That dude didn't get up straight untl after mixon got tackled.
"WTF is Mixon doing?!? Ran right up Trey Hopkins back!  Make the cut, Joe!!!!"
Nasty
[deleted]
"That's what division games are supposed to be, right?"
"If I remember correctly, the Chiefs and Rams had one back when the Rams were in St. Louis, and they even played for a Governor’s cup!"
"so during the year of vs 4 AFC South team, we play Indy twice?"
"I think doing a home and home with one team from the opposite conference when they move to a 17 game schedule would be the way to go. Play at the Lions one year and then get the Lions at home the following year. The year after, the opponent switches to avoid a duplicate game based on divisional matchups."
"Oh baby, the browns playing the loins. I would watch that."
"Welcome to Meet Then Enemy, /r/bengals Q&A Thread for each matchup.  
We figured the fans on each team's sub more about their team, so why don't we ask each other?  

This week we're inviting the fans over at /r/browns   for some friendly Q&A. 
Browns fans, help yourself to some flair on the sidebar!  

*No trash talk or flamebaiting allowed, this is a civil thread.*"
Agree or disagree: A man should mow his own lawn
Is OBJ getting traded ?
"I don't consider y'all enemies, I just want someone to beat the Ravens and Steelers

throw in Joe Burrow grew up a Browns fan and I'm pulling for the guy when he's not playing us"
"Whats everyone's plans for the game tomorrow? I'm going to my normal bar down here in College Station, TX where I am the only Browns fan and there is exactly one Bengals fan. I expect us to be knife fighting by halftime"
"Is it sad that not only do I not hate the Browns (the Ravens are the real ""browns"" that deserve hate), but I actually sympathize with their fans. Baker Mayfield has a lot of potential, but it never seems to click. Something is definitely wrong with the organization, and as a Bengals fan I know exactly what that's like."
"Is Baker Mayfield a good QB?

Edit: Does having 3 different OC's make a difference in how people view him in Cleveland? He has some flashes of greatness with some super head-scratchers during each game it seems."
"Hey Browns, do us all a favor and never change your uniforms again.

This current set is the best ones y’all have ever had."
"Raiders fan coming in peace...

(when I was a small kid, I used to think you were called the Bagels)...

Loved watching Burrow on RedZone. He is a class act and I hope he shoves his humble pie in Mayfield's (and the Browns) face.

Hell I even put money on you for Thursday. 

Loved your City doing the Flying Pig Marathon there a couple of years ago. One of the best marathons I ever ran as you ALL come out for that one.

Also, have a friend that is a Steeler's fan and would LOVE to see you give it to them.

That is all.."
Anyone else feel like this is an impending tie with at least 4 missed FGs between us?
Do you guys hate the Steelers or the Ravens more
[As a sign of peace between subs I offer something we can agree on](https://imgur.com/a/0gB41q1)
As a die hard browns fan I put 15 bucks on Cincinnati to win Thursday. It’s really a win/win situation.
Hi Cleveland Browns ;)
"Look I like the browns, even as a bengals fan. They know pain like we know pain, mismanagement, not living up to expectations, etc, etc. It's going to be a fun game to watch two heisman quarterbacks, two ohio cities what's not to love. 

So fuck the ravens, and fuck the Steelers. And here's hoping they fall to irrelevance while we form a competitive top of our division rivalry.

But in the spirit of football fuck you guys."
whats going on with the bengals dline? Are Geno Atkins and Mike Daniels playing?
Enjoy watching us Browns make your rookie QB look like a HOFer
Browns fan here. Football was invented in Ohio that's why we have the two best teams right now
Browns fan AMA
>Meet Then Enemy
"Always quite liked the Bengals tbf. You've got some dogs coming through on D in Bates and WJ3 to match the strong D-line. Have you sorted out the shit show that was the LB corps?

I think Jessie Bates is probably the most underrated player in the league."
"Does anyone else think it’s going to be a high scoring game this week? Neither team really has much going for them as a whole on defense outside of 2 solid D-lines, however, my bias says the browns are better being a browns fan. I think it’s going to be an air-raid game and each QB is gonna have 3+ passing TDs. Thoughts?"
"Who is looking like Burrow's favorite target?  Green seemed to be his go-to in game 1.  Do you see that continuing?  


Also, what was holding Mixon back last week?  His YPC were low and he wasn't used in the passing game much."
I love that i get to watch my Browns on Thursday Night. I hate that i dont get to watch them on sunday.
"32-13 Bengals. 

Our defense is awful. Baker is still struggling."
Is this a make-or-break year for Baker?
"Yesterday I lost one of my best friends. He was 32 years old and a die hard Browns fan his whole life. I still cant believe it. I'm beyond devastated.  I know he will be with me tonight watching the game. Here's to hoping for a clean game with lots of TDs. We all lost a great one yesterday. Brad, I love you man and hope you found peace in that great gridiron in the sky."
"How do you guys feel about the war in the trenches this week? Brown's had a fairly mediocre week against the Ravens, however Jackson is incredibly hard to take down. I thought Burrow handled his sacks relatively well, but looked like the speed of blitzes and pressure caught him off guard."
"How did Burrow look his first week?

Tough lose my friends."
Watch this game be one of our classic 40-50 point shoot outs
If we trade OBJ I will be THE most disappointed person ever. I've been watching football for only 6 months and he was the guy who actually got me into it.
"Hello r/bengals. I recently just beat cancer, so I fully expect the browns to find a way to kill me"
"Bengals fans,  are you all tired of those uniforms yet?  I feel like you guys could do a lot better"
How do the fans feel about the Chubb v Hunt timeshare? Chubb always seems like such a good back when I see highlights but is Hunt’s versatility much more valuable than Chubb?
How will you cope if the Bengals win?
Not in Ohio so cant watch the game on a local channel does anyone know if it’s true you can watch on the NFL app for free?
"My fantasy week 2 hinges biggly on AJ Green and more importantly Mixon. I'm praying to the football gods.

Also, why is Mixon not the 3rd down back? He seems more than capable to catch and run."
Did the Bengals get pressure on the QB in Week 1?
"If somehow the Browns end up with pick #1 in the 2021 draft, do you think they would take Trevor Lawrence or trade it anyway and stick with Baker?"
Let's put them out of their misery.
"Which will be worse, Bengals run defense or Browns pass defense?"
"I think Cleveland is going to have a strong game against us. Hopefully that helps them grow as a team while we're still rebuilding (I believe). 

Also, as always FTS."
FUCK THE BROWNS! *CLAP CLAP... CLAPCLAP* FUCK THE BROWNS!
"Any word on how Billy Price graded out once he came in for XSF?  If he can get his game together, that would go a long way in fixing this line."
"From [this](https://twitter.com/JoeGoodberry/status/1305594004558491649) tweet and replies:

Goodberry:

PFF pressures for the Bengals OL

6 - Bobby Hart (1 sack)

3 - Trey Hopkins 

3 - Jonah Williams 

2 - Michael Jordan

2 - Xavier Sua-Filo

1 - Billy Price




Then there's a fellow named Eaton that posted this (overall):

Hart - 63.9

Hopkins - 67.5

Jonah - 63.5

Jordan - 74.1

XSF - 75.5

BP - 51.7

Color me confused"
IDK about grades but the line seemed to improve at least in pass blocking when he got on the field.
According to PFF hart graded better than Joe Burrow and Joe Mixon. Lmao. Probably due to the turnovers but still smh
Stop using PFF and use your eyes.
[deleted]
About 2 years late?
I’m pretty sure we’re all mostly off the Burfict train lol
Shame about the fallout with him but I do love this design!
I hear he's available
Wasn't Geno nicknamed taz?
Fuck Burfict.
Fuck the Browns!
If it's brown flush it down!
Man he was all over the place week 1
Pause
""
Whoops I just doubled up on your post with a Dehner tweet lol. I'm a little worried about being down Geno & Mike while going against Chubb and Hunt
"given the bengals medical staff history, i'm a little concerned at this point about how many games geno will be able to play this season."
""
Having Geno and Mike out is rough. Hopefully Reader dominates the interior enough to keep Chubb & Hunt in check.
The only way we win this game is by subsiding their run game and winning the turnover battle in my opinion with the key one being stopping their run attack. They got dominated by the shit birds on Sunday. They're gonna come out and play bully-ball and try and be physical with our defense. Stop the run and put the game up to Baker and we have a good chance tomorrow night.
Thats......not ideal.
"I'm afraid that we're going to play really well, but they're going to destroy us running it up the middle"
"Your best bet to beat us is to score early.  Our coach, hell - the 4 coaches we’ve had in the last 3 years - all panic and get away from the run super early if we’re behind.  Our receivers are tempting on paper, but our timing/line play has been historically “not good” or even average.  Baker’s life rests on a new tackle on the right and a rookie tackle on the left.  Our LB situation is abysmal and we have injuries in the secondary.  If you can buy your rookie qb time, he should be to make your TE look like a pro   bowler.  Last year TE’s ate us.  This offseason we lost our MLB (coverage guy) and an OLB  is hurt right now.  This game has the potential to be ugly, and could go either way.  It might come down to coaching and, god I hope not, kickers."
I think we're honestly going to blow the Browns out of the water. I'm happy that they all get an extra 10 days to rehabilitate.
Geno is going to be AJ last year isn't he?
Why does god hate us?
Suafilo seemed to be out for the year.
"Chubb just got a chub thinking about all that open real estate. 

FUCK."
Does this mean Hubbard is in? I know he was questionable earlier in the week?
Man more injuries 🤦‍♂️
""
"Whole offense was pretty bad for most of that game.

Burrow missed an easy TD to Green, Ross alligator arm'd a TD, offensive line was abysmal, Joe Mixon fumbled for the first time ever, Burrow got shaken by the pressure early(obviously overcame it for an amazing final drive) and left quite a few open receivers down the field with no ball.

Plenty to be optimistic about, but also a lot to improve."
I am pretty sure he could kick that field goal too.
The visual effects in these movies are incredible
Burrow definitely looks great in a Bengals uniform.
I really like the rookies first game. I mean he got no preseason and zero time with a vet. Burrow will be a stud if he makes it out of his rookie season.
I hope some meetings occurred and some feelings were hurt and an understanding was realized by the members of the offensive line that the changes for these team start with them.  Accountability.
"As a colts fan, dont do it. Don't end up like Andrew Luck."
Dude is going to be so good. Still wish the team would give him some damn OL help
Is the game only going to be on the NFL Network?
It'll be on local channels
If you're out of the metro you can use the yahoo sports app.
1 week trial to Fubo TV
If you live in Cincinnati you'll get it on local channels otherwise yes.
Nationally yes but it will be on local channels as well
It might be on the NFL app?
"In my honest opinion, we didn't really see what this offense could do because we were likely playing against a top 10 defense and some say a top 5. With our defense, we are much better just from that one game. However, we will have to wait and see until we play a better offense to really get the final verdict. We also have to keep in mind we are still missing defensive players.

Edit: Also did our new linebacker play Sunday? Don't even know his name."
"I don't have one yet. We came out of the gate really strong against the Seahawks last year and then sucked ass the rest of the season. I don't think it'll be the same situation this season, but the Browns game will be more telling for me. Our Offensive line is still horrible dispite the talk of improvement. I really hope Fred and Hakeem get some playing time if this unit struggles like that again."
"I don’t think we learned a lot honestly. Seahawks game last year showed the danger of week 1 conclusions, let alone in this no preseason year. But certainly seemed like decent probabilities that:

-Oline sucks, maybe they can scheme out of it to get to below average like second half, but scary bad at times

-Joe should be good/clearly has grit

-AJ when healthy, as always, is a beast

-defense could be a very pleasant surprise. Again week 1 against tyrod not ready to get too pumped 

Should learn a lot this week"
"Very hopeful. Saw a lot of good and potentially very good, with reps, tightening up across the board, and less rust/rookie errors."
[deleted]
"I think we looked better on both sides of the ball than we did last year.  I think we improved throughout the game, and our offense once it gets in rhythm can be high powered.  I think we need to get healthy on D to be able to stop some of the better offenses."
"**The good:**

* Burrow looked very good for a rookie making a week 1 start. The shovel pass INT was the lone bad play. I don't think we see that too much in the future. He was as advertised

* The secondary. Bates is going to be All Pro material at some point if he stays healthy, and WJ3 looked more like 2018 WJ3 than 2019 WJ3

**The bad:**

* The O-Line. Oof. Thank God Burrow has some mobility and it wasn't Dalton back there - it could have been a homicide crime scene if not for his ability to move and ditch the pocket.

* The run defense. I've seen some folks say the run defense was good...it wasn't. They gave up 155 yards on the ground - 114 yards coming before the Reader injury. Not a good day, and it looks like a problem that has recurred over the past 3 seasons

* Play calling. Only 1 catch for Mixon is something that needs to change. He has to be a more crucial part of the passing attack. Overall, the play calling was a bit predictable and super vanilla. Perhaps that's because of no preseason. But Taylor's offensive play calling has been a bit of an area of concern for the last year.

**The ugly:**

* Fat Randy. He just isn't a good kicker. It's a moot point now, but cutting a drafted kicker in Elliot has singlehandedly cost this franchise no less than 5 wins over the past few years. I know kicking talent is scarce in this league, but at this point I'd almost rather take the gamble on anyone else during the period where we aren't really competing, so that we have someone developed by time the window opens

* Bobby Hart. Fuck Bobby Hart. That is all."
"Felt good last year after week 1.

I’m treading lightly, but I know this teams problems ain’t the QB this time."
"Lots of cautious optimism. Burrow looked calm and collected on that final drive, i think he'll be just fine going forward. All the main guys stayed healthy (green, mixon, burrow, etc). Bonby Hart was as bad as expected. Defense was alright but didn't seem as shit as last year."
Should have drafted O line early and often.
"Burrow has some really good moments but that INT trying to force the ball to Mixon annoys the hell out of me. He’s a rookie and should be given more help, instead he feels forced to do more himself and made the error trying to do too much."
We look like a 5-6 win team. The D looked pretty damn good against what will likely be one of the worst offenses in the league but the tackling looked better.
They need a RT - badly!
"Offense could never get a consistent tempo, lots of blames on that front. Defense again was a pleasant surprise even with the injuries in the preseason. I know we have more out for Thursdays game, but I look forward to seeing the pieces finally gel together, and when they're all there.


Also doesn't get said enough, but huge shout out to our special teams for always being consistent."
""
r/accidentalrenaissance?
This was the first game I brought my girlfriend too. It was a good lesson on why you don't always want to beat the halftime lines.
"I drove like six hours for that game, will always remember that moment."
[deleted]
I was in line to get buffalo tenders when this happened:(
"While I love our orange alternates, I wish we just wore or regular black jerseys for this game. Maybe it was just me, but so much orange from both teams was a bit of an eyesore"
This was the orangest game in the history of sports. I remember it being truly difficult to watch.
Man that’s still impressive as shit... even to this day
Kirksey locking eyes with the cameraman.
This was my first and so far only Bengals game 😀 👍
ah yes let us all remember the times Andy threw it into triple coverage because only AJ is worth anything.
[removed]
You could see which live tv streaming sites have NFL Network (I know YouTube TV does) and see if they have some kind of free trial. Just make sure you cancel before the free trial is over.
It’s on channel 12 but I don’t know how far north it goes
Nflbites
Can’t wait for the game!  WHO DEY!  The Browns have. 2 CBs and 2 LBs injured.  I think think we take the dub.  28-17
[deleted]
"Bengals 31 Browns 23. Burrow balls out on the injured Cleveland secondary.  280yds 3 TDs, 1 INT.  Mixon 110 yards rushing with a TD."
I think it’s going to be 27-24 Bengals. Fat Randy comes in the clutch and hits a 45 yarder to win the game.
"Bengals browns games are seldom close... it’s usually a blow out one way or the other.... If our defense can play like they did week 1, I think we win.... if Chubb and Hunt run all over us, it could get ugly."
"If they decided to run the ball, we likely lose. If they put the ball in Baker's hands, we have a good chance."
21-17 Bengals. Burrow overcomes two turnovers throws a couple TDs. Mixon gets the other TD.
"My prediction is the Browns end the game on a very unhappy note.  They might win but they will lose more than just a game.  It will be the beginning of the end for Baker Mayfield and OBJ in Cleveland. They were embarrassed last week and this week they will be broken.

That or they run all over us."
"I hate to say it but I see Cleveland winning. They got embarrassed Sunday and have something to prove. Expect to see Garret being allowed into the backfield by Hart all night, and with our depleted D Line we aren't going to be able to hold Chubb back as the game progresses and Reader gets tired."
Trial by combat
24-20 Bengals
"With the injuries on both sides, it's really hard for me to tell. Browns also have like 3 olineman that are questionable (although they seem positive about all of them playing). But we are missing Geno Atkins and Mike Daniels and the browns have two really good RBs. I just don't know man."
"I hope Joe can throw a couple. That would be nice to see. 
I hope we see some more consistency in giving him some more time and more frequently
I hope we see another week of decent defense
I hope we see a better kicking performance"
27-21 bengals
24-17 Bengals
Fat Randy gets his redemption with a game winning field goal 24-21.
31-13
""
""
"*""If I hear radio personalities talk like this and they're popular, maybe I can do the same thing!""*"
"“Doesn’t have mobility”
Dude ran 23 yards for his first touchdown whoops"
Dislike acquired.
What a douche.
He calls Joe a “kid” but looks like a 12 year old struggling through puberty. Also the idea that would ever even listen to this clown to have the opportunity to be “upset with him” is hilarious.
I knew this video was going to be ass at the “yo guys”
“ruuud-aaaaaaaaf”
"For another great take, we should be terrified tomorrow because Baker is the best qb in the division https://youtu.be/Ajg2bQ8Ga1k"
"Lol, I saw this video floating around. Is this some PA accent? Yinzer?"
"This rhetoric sounds familiar, presidential even."
This Colin Cowherd wanna be can hardly put together a coherent thought. “He’s like my favorite kid to cover in all of like sports” smh dawg
This guys brow/forehead area make me believe that he’s barely evolved past Neanderthal so the lack of rational thought makes sense
that guy's voice belongs on some garbage morning zoo radio show for about 2 weeks before he gets cancelled.
I never realized big over stuffed bags of shit can talk!
I’m willing to bet he lives in his moms basement
"I don't know who this guy is but stop giving him attention, he's awful."
[deleted]
"That was a great story, is she still doing fine?

Edit: I looked it up and found an article from March 2020 where she celebrated 5 years cancer free!"
This was a good chapter in Bengals history
2nd round bust
""
"I love how this video really focuses its hatred on the special kind of terrible, unethical, and smelly type of person who sees a Steelers Jersey and thinks of anything other than dirty helmet-to-helmet contact.  Leading with the crown of their helmet every time.

If those bastards aren't up to referee-pleasing new-rule-creating bastard-style player-maiming cheap shot bullshit, they are probably eating babies.

This video really sums that up, thanks OP.

Fuck those dirty Steeler bastards."
""
"Honestly smart move on his part. If he was my grandfather, I wouldn’t want him traveling at his age."
I'm sure he's a little bummed about having to miss a primetime divisional game. Almost feel a little sorry for the guy. Almost.
"The torch is being passed. From a unlucky, albeit, shitty owner, to a new generation, in the endless pursuit of perfection. Who Fucking Dey ."
We havent won a playoff game since before his last absence.
I’m sure he’s upset he’s missing the game but low key not going to miss all the travel. That has to be exhausting for an 85 year old man.
A wise decision.
"In all seriousness, stay safe Mike.

Corona is a lethal fucker at his age."
[deleted]
"Or sleep a bit more before work. Dream of the promised land. We will be arriving soon and it starts with smashing the brownies.

 FTS WHO DEY."
How are we feeling about Boyd today boys? Gonna get a little more attention?
"Hart better get that ass in gear today, ain’t got no time for that funny shit"
Decided as a UK fan to torture myself tonight and watch the game (1:20am kick off!). Work tomorrow @ 9am will be killer but I am too hyped to wait until tomorrow to watch it!
Lettttssss go!!!
WHOOOOOODEEEEEEYYYYY!!!!
I get that we're not gonna be invincible world-beaters this year but I also SUPER don't understand fivethirtyeight giving the Browns a 68% chance to win this game. I know for baseball their sample size is all screwed up but for football... we lost a squeaker and the Browns got curbstomped by the Ravens. Fight me Nate Silver.
Newdey whoday
Need a minimum or 3 Burrow touchdowns tonight. Inject this shit into my veins. WHO DEY!
 Will they game be shown in Dayton?
"I am really looking forward to seeing If Big Joe can get over the prime time curse the Bengals have been in for the last,  Oh I dont know 40 years."
"I only expect to win TOPS 6 games this year, but boy will I be upset if this isnt one of them.   


\#WhoDey"
Start the match before I piss myself
Who else hopes Higgins gets some action? I’m excited to see what he can do.
Does local cable pick up NFL network games?
"I'm going in with tempered expectations. I want to see the units progress. We saw some flashes of good inside run defense last week. We're short some DTs so we'll really see our LBs put to the test. 

Our corners were sort of bland last week. We know Baker will occasionally overthrow his target. I'd like to see the corners or safeties hold on to an errant ball for an actual interception.

If the kicking is better than Randy the team will still bring back Bullock but the fans will certainly take notice. 

Offensively the rest of the team needs to get on Joe's level. 'nuff said.

**Edit**: I forgot the most important unit, the coaches. Will the coaches be on the sidelines holding players accountable for each play they miss on? Will they come up wrinkles to make the game more difficult for the Browns and more fun for our guys? Can we outcoach the other team? Can we win a **close** game???"
"#YEAH GAMEDAY!!

*checks calendar*

#AND I HAVE TO WORK TONIGHT, FUCK ME"
Is there a way to watch it without cable?
"LET’S GEAAAAAUUUUXXXX

JEAUX TIME, BOYS AND GIRLS!"
i have this weird feeling john ross is going for 100 yards tonight lol
I'm so aggravated with the media talking about the browns this the browns that and never mention Cincinnati. Not only that everyone keeps saying Cincinnati doesn't have any good players. I pray to god that Cincinnati shits all over Cleveland until there's a big enough mess that they can't clean up.
Uzomah goes off tonite
WHO DEY BABY!!!!
Very annoying that I can't watch this on cable since AT&T UVerse somehow does not carry NFL Network.
I am worried about tonights game.  How many Primetime games have we lost?  How many gimmie games have we lost.  And the Browns are going to have fans in the stands.  I think we will win but to be honest I would not be shocked if we did not.
Who the duck is kicking today?!?
Fuck the Steelers!
Can someone please PLEASE DM me a link?
""
"I've used buffstream for years, but last Sunday was the first time I couldn't get it to work.  I need to find a new reliable stream, thanks!"
Is that Rudi? Lol
You are a god send.
[removed]
"[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)

[**🔵🔴📱➤➤ Bengals vs Browns NFL WEEK 2 Live Reddit**](http://old.datasprings.com/web/thu/V-ideo-Browns-v-Bengals-liv-tv-3x-x-09.html)"
""
Nice! Still waiting on my Joey B I ordered in May 🙃!
What is all the holdup on Joey B jerseys? I ordered one on Sunday night and it got here Wednesday morning lol
"I saw New Jersey, and thought there might be two of us."
Wearing mine right now!
Why is it taking so long?
""
Corgis are too high class for the Dawg Pound. Not trying to mix with those foul mongrels.
:3
"Run, Gio! Run!"
Dear lord that’s a puppers.  What breed is that?  Corgi?
"Named my baby Gio after Giovanni Bernard. He was light brown, short, and THICK as a puppy 😂. Had to."
My pups name is Gio as well! Got him the year after we drafted Gio Bernard!
[deleted]
Our interior D Line. Cleveland ran all over Baltimore and without Daniels and Atkins will probably do the same to us. We have to get out to an early lead and make Baker beat us with his arm.
"1) Bobby Hart does not start at RT.   

2) Bobby Hart does not play a snap."
Early scores. We gotta find a way to get ahead and make them abandon the run
"In no particular order: 

- We need Reader to eat blocks so Bynes or Pratt can come up to cut off the inside run. We really need both Dunlap and Hubbard to fully set the edge, because that was the only noticeable area we had issues stopping the run last week. 

- Put Sample/Uzomah in next to Hart or have Gio in for a higher % of snaps to help delay Garrett and Ogunjobi. The right side of our line is going to get fucked regardless. 

- Involve Joe (Mixon) frequently and early to set up the deep ball. Cleveland's secondary and linebackers are boiled dog turds but forcing them to cheat up will open up some good 1 on 1 opportunities with AJ and Boyd."
""
"Yoo, I really got chills, nice👍👍"
""
Too many videos to link but GMFB has tons of Burrow/Bengal videos this morning. Nate already called Burrow the best young quarterback he has ever seen. The hype is real over there.
GET NATE A JERSEY NOW
""
*Might?*
Why in the world would hart talk trash... come on
It’s almost like Bobby Hart has a history of saying and doing stupid things.
It BAFFLES me that despite everything we’ve seen. That the coaches still show some sort of faith in Hart. Trash does not do him justice
"As far as leaving him one on one, we'll have to see how much they run the five wides set again this week. I know they like the mismatches it creates on defense, but it also creates an automatic mismatch for whoever end up across from Hart.

Burrow's TD came out of that formation, but so did 2/3 Chargers sacks."
"> It’s hard to put this all on Hart

> one of the best defenders in the NFL

I guess this Chris Roling guy is legally blind. Someone hook him up with a seeing-eye dog.

E: Seriously though. Bobby Hart and Jim Turner are the only things stopping me from thinking the team is about to be something truly special."
Shart must be blackmailing somebody in the front office or something bro. You telling me they can’t find someone cheaper to be just as bad as this fool.
"""Might""? The coaching staff is full on Ray Charles blind when it comes to him for some reason. Having Jim Turner is bad enough but having him also continue to put faith into the human embodiment of a wet fart is way worse."
Can we fire Jim Turner already. There's no reason why Bobby should've be 1 on 1 with Bosa. Need better planning and scheming on the Oline and Jim is a direct result of that. Hell the changes made midway last season came from Zach not Jim
""
Did he take Bakers girl?  Baller.
Joe's girl is so much better looking than her. Olivia is her name. Best girl for the best QB
Why does Baker’s girl look 40
""
I was an LSU fan turned into a bengals fan. Geaux Burrow.
"Lol can you send me some jk, looks delicious"
"A little close to Steelers color there...

But good job regardless!"
Those look delicious!
Welcome to the jungle! Whodey!
Omg 🤤🤤🤤
Nom nom nom nom!
Bengals fans welcome! We are doing homemade pizza and stuffed mushrooms as well.
Yum
Laces Out!
Those cookies look delicious
"Welcome aboard and those cookies look amazing! I can’t imagine that are anything but delicious!

Edit... and the cupcakes too!! : )"
these look awesome!!
Dang!! Can I come over to your house to watch the game?? Nice job with the sweets!
Those look delicious and that cup cake icing looks sweet
Seriously talented! Crazy impressed. I don’t really like sweets (allergic to eggs too) :( but man alive do these looks ahhh mazing and make me want to grab my epi inhaler and try ha. Geaux Burreaux! Our Cincinnati Bayou Bengal. :)
Welcome to hell lol the stairway to heaven has been built and we are on our way boys!!! #WhoDEY
A critique for next time if I may. the orange looks a little yellow at least in the picture. I thought these were Steelers cookies at first glance. I recommend making the orange a little more red leaning.
Ahahaha tonight was a warm welcome to the reality that is the Bengals.
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
"Should be a go. He had cramps Sunday, not an injury."
DJ is a full go
I’m not sure but he left the game due to muscle cramps
"He had cramps, missed two series, and came back to finish the game. I believe he’s full go"
"He looks full go, posted on Instagram and looks locked in"
""
"So Bobby fat fuck hart sucks at both blocking and shit talking, good to know."
Bobby Hart couldn't talk trash to a dumpster.
"He's such a moron. I hate that he's the supposed ""best"" RT on our roster."
Booby Shart is the last one that needs to be talking shit to Bosa. smh
3 years....21 million....god damnit
Shit I’m backing up Bosa on this one
"""I'm below average, so you know what? I'm going to trash talk a top defensive player! Brilliant idea. Cant wait to brag about this when we win...""


""Shit"""
"Who could possibly have foreseen this exact outcome?

.

.

.

Anyone and everyone who heard or saw or heard *about* Hart trash talking Bosa..."
"To be fair, there's always trash spilling out his mouth."
You can't talk trash unless you have the skills to back it up. What the fuck was he thinking??
"I noticed this during the game. Felt good to see someone talk shit to him, like a surrogate for my frustration and disappointment in hart's play, and his mysterious continuing employment"
