text
"Saints/LSU fan here but just wanted to stop in and say Joey B is the fuckin MAN and I can’t wait to watch him in the Pros. As far as I’m concerned, Joe already earned his stripes, and once a Tiger always a Tiger, so if you guys will have me, I plan to lurk some this season and beyond. I expect Joey v. Lamar to be one of the premier QB matchups for years to come and I’m even more hyped after watching Clyde run around Houston’s defense like schoolyard kids in his first pro outing. I honestly believe based on watching him develop for two years at LSU, and re-watching a lot of his film, that Joe is the kinda guy that can legitimately change your franchise if he’s given the tools to succeed. Couldn’t be more excited for Joe and for you guys that get to watch him. Haven’t ordered my Joe Bengals Jersey just yet but it won’t be long now. He got us a ring and you can too! 
Much love from the Deep South! 
Who dat and Who Dey baby!"
"Fellow LA native here. You’re always welcome. If the Saints never got Brees, they’d be on pretty much the same exact franchise path as the Bengals. The two organizations have never really been that different. We’re hoping that Joey B can be our Drew. *I* believe he will be. Who Dey! Let’s Geaux."
"As soon as I hear other people are getting their jerseys (November eta for all), I'll put my color rush jersey order in."
Good post:) Its been really nice feeling like im not the only bengals fan on the gulf coast recently.
We are beyond hyped and we welcome all new fans with open arms here! It seems like the franchise is slowly headed in the correct direction and has plenty of help at the skill positions. We do need to get better protection for him though and I’m sure we will after this season.
[deleted]
[removed]
Bengals 24 Chargers 13
24-17 Bengals
[deleted]
Welcome to the sad sack club 😢. I think I'm just going to go buy one in person and cancel /return my order
"You won't find it anywhere yet. It's a ""special event item"", meaning it won't ship until that special event takes places. Look under shipping on the product page:

This is a special event item. Orders containing this product will be shipped separately. This item will be shipped no later than Tuesday, November 17th."
I bought one from the pro shop yesterday.
""
This cheerleader gets more recognition than he’s worth
""
"Helmet survives the most horrific building destruction we’ve ever seen, but guys still wreck the hell out of their brains wearing them. Football is insane."
"Wow that’s amazing. 

Sidebar....does the 101st floor of the most famous tower in the world seem like the best use of funds for a charity?"
Wtf
[deleted]
Omfg YES
"Not “home” and “away”, obviously. Still stuck in baseball mode."
Yes! Thank you!
""
Can’t say you didn’t get your moneys worth on that jersey.
Bro do you just wrestle bears outside in that jersey every day for 15 years?!?!? How you wear that bad boy down so well?
Houshamazilly
You might just be our bad luck charm lmao. Need a Burrow jersey to start a fresh tradition
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
This is how Joe Burrow is gonna be dropping dimes
I love stuff like this
Jesus there is no better video to sum up 2020
This Made me wetter than an otters pocket
"I know we have discussed mixon's contract when he signed, how does everyone feel about it now that we know what Cook and Kamara are getting paid?

Field Yates (@FieldYates) Tweeted:
The 2017 class of running backs is getting paid in a major way:
▪️Alvin Kamara: 5-years, $75M
▪️Christian McCaffrey: 4-year, $64M
▪️Dalvin Cook: 5-years, $63M
▪️Joe Mixon: 4-years, $48M
▪️Austin Ekeler (UDFA): 4-years, $24.5M
▪️Kareem Hunt: 2-years, $13M https://twitter.com/FieldYates/status/1304818886949376007?s=20"
"I love the deal, we don’t have as much $ to shell out to our own players as those teams do either. $19 Million practically guaranteed and $12 AAV."
looks better and better the more deals coming out. mixon now the 8th highest paid RB in terms of AAV... you can make the argument he’s a top 8 rb but i wouldn’t put him below top 5 or 6
With a good line Mixon is up there with the best. Excellent deal
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Clearly local isn't carrying it (in Columbus at least), so... What's the plan?"
Nflbite.com my friend
"What is your local showing? 

I thought it was going to be on cbs for 4:05 at least when I checked the listing earlier in the week for ny. Now it’s listing bull riding??? Wtf"
I'm in the Dayton market and CBS is showing it as the 4pm game here.
"In addition to what my other burrow babies said, Sportsurge. Net is another great resource for streaming games."
Randomly getting in Canada (BC) this weekend. Usually never get any Bengals games unless they're in prime time.
I’m in California and my gf is from MN so we sucked it up and bought the Sunday Ticket Go (streaming out of market games only) and fubo.tv for our local channels (can’t get an antenna to work for crap in our apartment). Comes out to ~$130/month but it’s only for 4 months and then we can just cancel since there’s no contracts.
I’m gonna open Nflbite.com on my Xbox’s web explorer app
[deleted]
Hawai’i legend trayvon henderson 💪🏻💪🏻
"Filing in for Geno and I guess, Shawn Williams.

Henderson probably would've made the team last year, but he tore his ACL in the last preseason game."
[deleted]
Same video now with shittier music!
"If you're like me and you live in Columbus, Ohio, the 100% lack of respect for the Bengals is nauseating, right down to Dum Tiberi on WBNS always choosing the Browns games for broadcast.

There's a new group that just started called ""True Cincinnati Bengals Fans in Columbus"".

[https://www.facebook.com/groups/2399920466999137](https://www.facebook.com/groups/2399920466999137)

We'll be meeting at the RnR Bar & Grill in Hilliard.

[https://www.facebook.com/RnR-Bar-Grill-112260130293306](https://www.facebook.com/RnR-Bar-Grill-112260130293306)

Definitely come and hang out.  I'll always be decked out in choice vintage Bengals gear.

Message me directly if you have any questions.  We're really hoping to create a new fan base for a new generation.  Who Dey!"
"It is mind boggling that the local Columbus affiliate is opting for an NFL postgame show and bull riding over the Bengals opener.

I get it, there are lots of Browns and Steelers fans in town (cough...fuck the Steelers....cough) but in what world does a Bengals game draw fewer viewers in Columbus than talking heads and bull riding."
Had no idea you guys existed. Keep fighting the good fight.
FTS
I just spent the afternoon mounting a tv antenna to the house and pointing it at Dayton just to watch the game tomorrow.
[deleted]
"Anyone know how I can watch the game tomorrow? I just moved to Nebraska and I feel like I've exhausted all of my options. No Sunday ticket. Not on hulu. Not on cbs for me. Not on fubo. Out of ideas.
Thanks guys."
"Nflbite.com

Streams all games and redzone"
Sportsurge
Buffstreams. Should work on your phone/computer or gaming console. It is how I plan to watch.
[deleted]
"You can get a free week of NFL ticket if you're a new user. Also, if you know a college student you can get it for $100 and it's streaming only, no Direct TV required."
"I use the NFL Game Pass, I just watch movie or play video games or spend time with family while Bengals play and watch them tomorrow night time when it is available on Game Pass."
"If you run a VPN and set it to a country like Germany or japan you can get game pass and watch the games live. Sign up for the 7 day free trial and you will get tomorrow’s game and the Thursday night game to see if it works for you, it’s what I’m doing to see if it’s better then messing with all the streaming sites."
Crackstreams is the best streaming sports site ive found
"Burrow will have his first passing touchdown complete to...

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/irp131)"
Mixon
Gonna put 5 bucks on uzomah on draft kings at like 700-1
Auden Tate
himself
Chad Johnson
I voted too quickly - thought it was first completed pass.  First TD pass is to Mixon.  First completed pass is to Boyd.
I feel like Taylor is gonna try and get Ross behind the cover 3 early. I think burrow will hit him in stride for the first TD of the game from Chargers 45.
My fantasy team would love it to be Boyd
Tate all day baby
Gio
Mixon or Tate
Mixon 38 yds
"Voted Boyd, but Mixon and tate are highly likely also"
Drew fucking Sample because why tf not?
He will catch his own tipped pass and will run it in for a touchdown...
Mixon
Uzomah
Chargers defense
""
"I just want to win.

But yeah, I'm down for turning into a terminator as I have an orgasm."
I think he will have some growing pains the first half then settle in and squeak out a win maybe 250 yards 2 to 1 int
I had a dream that Joe threw a perfect TD pass to Green on the first *play* of the game. That was disappointing to wake up from.
Im going to say 22/28 297 yds 3 td 1 int 28 yds rushing
"Not trying to be a spoil sport but Burrow is in all likelihood going to suffer some growing pains this season and no one should be concerned when and if it does happen. I hope people are ready to be patient with him, especially these first few games."
I've been in Cincy for a while and hope for the sake of people I know I hope I am wrong but. . . this is gonna age about as well as milk on a hot summer day. I hope not but proly
"With our OLine, I would settle for Burrows not getting sacked more than twice and him looking as good as advertised."
What if it was Oklahoma vs LSU burrow 🍀
"I'm going to be honest with you, I'm one of those cautiously optimistic about this year.

I've told myself 7-9 is what to expect at best, but...if this scenario happens I'm going to pop off and be ready for a GODDAMN SUPERBOWL RING. 

WHO-DEY!  

TO JOE BURROW WE PRAY FOR FORGIVENESS. AHH-MEN."
18 out of 25.  215 yards.  2 TDs and 2 int
4 TDs? Sure. 400 yards? Nah.
""
My eyes
"well, your heart was in the right place"
"It's cool, but the fact that the name and numbers don't line up is really fucking with me"
"2 bootleg jerseys make one massive eyesore. Haha

Did he even play a down at OSU?"
"Also by ""finished"" I meant ""bribed my grandmother with nachos to complete"""
What is this garbage?
[deleted]
"EDIT: JOE BURROW

EDIT: FUCK THE STEELERS

EDIT: **CAN I GET A MOTHER FUCKING WHO DEY**"
"Legit most excited I've been in years to see a season kick off. I mean I'm not even expecting a winning season, but excited none the less"
"I JUST CHECKED THE NEW POST BECAUSE I WAS GOING TO POST THIS.

I WAS LATE.

I DON'T FUCKING CARE.

WAKE THE FUCK UP IT'S GAMEDEY!

JOE BURROW!

WHO DEY!!

FUCK THE GODDAMN STEELERS!!!"
I mean if Dalton can make the playoffs his rookie year....
"This feels like Christmas morning, I haven’t been this excited for a Bengals season in a longgggggg time"
GAME DEYYYYYYYYY LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO TAKE US TO THE PROMISE LAND JOEY
Wake up? How could I sleep?!
"PLEASE JEBUS, LORD PIGEON, WHOEVER! let the Bengals go atleast 500. after the Reds historical shitty season and no OSU i need something!"
INDEED IT IS BITCHES
Staying up late so I can sleep in til 5 min before game time. Christmas in September!
BRUH
I THINK YOU MEAN ITS JOE BURROW DAY
NEW FUCKING DEY
"Ok well in LA I havent even gone to bed yet but ok I am awake and it is gameday. You are technically right, which is the best kind of right."
I can’t sleep! WHO sleeps toDEY?!
MOTHERFUCKING WHO DEY?!
JOE BURROW DAY IS HERE
It’s 6 am and I’m so pumped I’m tempted to dump some Woodford in my coffee
"Here in New Zealand the game is on at 8:05 AM Monday. Which is nice actually, since I don't have to give up when it's dark out to watch it and I can eat breakfast while watching the game. 

Meantime, it's 11:20PM and I have to actually go to bed and go to sleep.

This kind of feels like trying to do that on Christmas eve as a kid. This may not work.

I think I'm too excited, I hope this is not terrible. I've been a Bengals fan for WAY to long to get excited like this. I know better. Maybe I should do a couple of shots.

&#x200B;

The Browns game is actually at 12:20 PM on Friday, so I may even be able to interest a couple of the other Americans here to come to a pub and watch it with me. If I can get the pub to put it on. If they're not showing like, Cricket or something."
Today marks the first official game of JOE FUCKING BURROW'S HOF career.  The chosen one has arrived.  GET HYPED.  GO BENGALS.
WHO DEY EUROPE GANG RISE UP
Who dey!
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. 🍆💦
JOE FUCKING BURROW
IVE NEVER BEEN THIS EXCITED FOR A SEASON I THINK WE WILL SIX GAMES!!  SUPERBOWL BOUND WOOOOO!!!!!
WHO DEY THINK GONNA BEAT THEM BENGALS baby
"Hey Everyone, its been a long while! Whodey!"
"Anyone know how an out of market guy can stream Joe Burrow’s legendary performance today?

Edit: for inquiring minds — I figured it out, I’m using a VPN and NFLBite."
"Didn’t think I could get more pumped up for a game, but then I saw this comment section"
WHO DEY
"Why do I have this feeling we're going to blow them the fuck out today?

I have never been this confident going into a game in my life as a Bengals fan"
I just realized this is a 4 pm game. Give me Burrow now!
Ma body's ready
"I'm in Florida, can anyone post a link to the game?"
Not airing the game here in the Columbus area on CBS. Anyway to stream for free?
I’m sorry I’ll wake up.
28-24 Bengals. LFG boys!
I'm more excited than I've been for such a long time. WHO FUCKING DEY BOYS
[deleted]
Welcome to inevitable pain! I hope joe can deliver us from evil... :)
Now you need some Burrow Bengals gear and it'll be perfect
This gives me so much hope and pride
I think I’ll care more about the Bengals this year than Saints. I’m emotionally drained from losing in terrible fashion 3 years in a row.
He shall fulfill the prophecy!
You better make room on another wall!
Beautiful champ
Needs more orange and black
Welcome and FTS!
Iffy due to COVID
Ill have the game on at joes house
Stay home and be safe!
[deleted]
[removed]
"As a Ravens fan i concur

Also i hope Burrow makes this a competitive division again"
[removed]
[🥰](https://i.imgur.com/KW5EN5Q.jpg)
I realize I need to temper my expectations but still.
Same. Watching FlemLo Raps' new vid right now. CAN'T WAIT.... GET PUMPED!!
""
The Chargers offensive line on the right side will be playing with injuries. Not 100% against the Bengals defensive line is tragic.
"I have been watching the NFL for well over 20 years and this is the first year I have been excited to watch a player that isn't a Saint. 

Go Joe!

PS: I have loved the Bengals uniforms since I was a kid. 

PSS: Hope to see y'all in the Super Bowl."
"Fellow Louisianan. 

Bengals going 16-0 and beating my saints in the super bowl. We must all make sacrifices for the tiger king."
Burrow for ROTY and Brees for MVP. Show Brady he’s about to be the 3rd best QB in that division this year.
Welcome to Bengal Nation young fan. A big New Dey is upon us! Its WhoDey!
WhoDey + WhoDat. Brothers in arms.
It's gonna be hard to play with all these testicles dragging on the ground.
Who Dey!
Let's gooooo!  Who deyyyy!
Louisiana boy here watching for Burrow! Go Bengals!!
""
Obviously never wish injuries on anybody but this is a huge boost to our defense especially with how young we are. I still think the key match up is between their d front and our o line though. Man I feel like a kid on Christmas rn. WHO DEY
[[Schefter] Mike Williams will Play today](https://twitter.com/adamschefter/status/1305135162225819650?s=21)
Shawn Williams and Geno are out for us so hopefully Reader and Bell can earn their money.
Sam Hubbard gonna have a field day
Mike Williams is playing
""
GOD IM FUCKING HYPE LETS GOOOOOO
Do you guys see this absolute unit of a man? This is the person who is going to lift this franchise from ruin to greatness.
This kinda makes it sound like he's going to beat us...
The game is not on tv in Columbus WTF
"Our Burrow, who art in Cincy, hallowed be thy game. Thy ringdom come, thy will be done, at Paul Brown Stadium as it is in training camp. Give us this week our weekly win, and forgive us our doubters, as we forgive Marvin Lewis. Lead us not into a losing season, but deliver us from mediocrity. For thine is the clutch, and the Heisman, and the offensive line, forever and ever. Amen."
Whodeymen
Deymen
"I’m not a religious man but I pray with you today. 

Amen."
Amen
Amen
Amen
Amen
TESTIFY!
Amen
A-Dey
Deymen
Amen
TESTIFY!
The day has finally arrived for Jesus Burrow to lead Cincinnati sports fans to salvation.
"Praise be, the spirt of Harambe give burrow the strength"
"Amen, brothers"
Amen
"Lord, hear our prayer!"
I am working from 12:30 to 8:30 today and I am absolutely heart broken
Amen
"Damn that was good, AMEN"
Amen
Amen
Amen.
Whodeymen
Whodey
Preach!
Amen brother
Deymen
"This is so beautiful, it brought a tear to my eye. Amen!"
Deymen
Deymen
Amen
Amen
"What Would Joe Do, Amen"
who dey :3
Amen
Amen
Amen brotha
Amen
Amen
WhoDeymen
Amen
Amen
Amen
Amen
Hilarious. So be it.
Amen
AMEN
Who Dey
Amen
Amen
"Amen

#joesquared #joeshow #joeyoucanhavemyfirstborn #fuckthesteelers"
Slightly blasphemous but we can ask forgives later! Deymen!!
[deleted]
""
I know there used to be a sub for streams. It seems like that has been taken down. Anybody have a website where I can stream the games?
Frontrowsports.ws is the site I used all last year.
nflbite.com
Volokit.com is what I have been using for reds games without issue so far this season. Seems they have NFL too.
the yahoo sports app is free as long as you have mobile data
I currently live in Indiana and thought about buying nfl Sunday ticket to watch bengals games. 100$ for college students. Is there a way I can tell how many of the games I would get to see if it worth it? With me being in Indiana some games come in on local channels
You get out of market games only (those airing locally you won’t). Also don’t get Thursday/Sunday/Monday night
I believe you get all the games with Sunday ticket.
"You should know if you are in the bengals tv market first.  If the games are on OTA (over the air) in your area sunday ticket will block them but you just fire up the tv and watch them there.  An hd antenna is cheap, easy to find, and easy to install. Just plug in and set next to the tv most times and scan for chaannels.  

OTA is better pic qualitly than streaming anyway."
""
""
"Choo choo, chuga chuga, choo choo"
""
Joe Burrow.
🔥🔥🔥
"10TV shows PBR bull riding this afternoon.

Do I have to go get Covid 19 at a Roosters to watch Burrow go balls deep?

Anybody have any idea?

Internet stream maybe?"
nflbite.com
""
PLAY NECK!!!!!!!
What are they saying. For some reason I can’t make it out?
"With a 2 yeard grandson that i am introducing to football this weekend i am gonna stick to who dey and the old school fight song. Wife and daughter might not be to cool with me teaching him to yell suck that tiger dick bitch. 

Reminds me, i need to get online and get him some bengals gear so he can dress in orange and balck like grandpa. 

I have not been this excited for football in a long long time. Not so much due to burrow and maybe the bengals having a decent season but getting my grandkid into watching it. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upHWtPkuD5s"
Cowboys fan here just wanted to say im a big fan of Joe Mixon and Tyler Boyd since they were on my fantasy team last year and they were pretty solid. mixon took awhile to get going but i never gave up hope in him I really hope you guys win the division this year somehow alot of Bandwagon Ravens fans and steelers fans where i live i always said watch out for the Bengals. Well its all love guys  good luck and see you Week 13!
Best of luck to y'all as well
Thanks man! That was very cool of you and best of luck to you and your Boys!
""
"Your entire $1? Lol

And you didn’t even enter the lineup. You have no faith but you still want internet points"
Real men put it all on black... and orange.
""
[deleted]
Fuck the Steelers
"Always and forever, **FUCK** the steelers"
Amen. Preach.
Yes
FUCK THE STEELERS
You had me in the first half. FTS
FUCK THE STEELERS
FUCK THE STEELERS
Amen
I was think more who Dey!!!
K
[removed]
"CBS only has rights to broadcast one game this week, so I imagine that’s Cleveland @ 1pm. You could always come down to florida and bum my Sunday ticket."
"There’s a search bar guys, but nflbite.com is the go-to"
Nflbite.com
[removed]
NFLbite.com fam.
It should be on CBS
""
That Joe journal 🤣🤣
[removed]
nflbite.com
"This question was posted about 4 years ago, but I just wanted to bring it up again. I just recently moved to Toronto and would love to meet up someday."
Downtown TO here
""
Inject this straight into my veins.
I hate that I respect Bill Cowher so much
Seen this watching browns vs Ravens seems like somehow Freddie Kitchens made better play calls then Kevin.
He also picked the Steelers to go to the super bowl this year 🤣
"Stop, Bill. I can only get so hard."
"Fuck the Steelers, but I appreciate this."
""
*Bingle
Hale yeuh
Hell yeah!
Hell yeah
[deleted]
[removed]
[this site seems good (first time user myself)](http://topstreams.info/nfl/jaguars)
"Since most of us can't get together the way we might like to, I thought it would be fun if everybody posted what they're eating and drinking today. So, post your Skyline, wings, nachos, Graeter's, ~~dog food~~ Gold Star, whatever, and let's all live vicariously through each other."
"Marco's Pizza here. 

1. Meat lovers

2. BBQ Chicken

3. Pepperoni

Ready to go!"
"Unfortunately my big ass is trying to lose weight, and I know I'm not getting up from watching the games to excercise so I gotta eat light today. Fml"
[removed]
4:05 kick
How can one find a link to the game
It says it should be on CBS but they have a damn rodeo planned for the 4pm slot. What a fucking joke
""
I got  five way fixing sitting on the kitchen counter. Its taking all i got to keep from filling up now and nodding off for a nap at 4 pm.
This is me. All I have to do is stir the rotes dip in the crock pot and walk the dog.. and the dog is tired already.
Starts at 3 for me. I'll let you know how we do in the 1st quarter.
And I can’t watch it cause I’m in columbus
I’m so bored with these day games lol. might take a nap.
Also baker mayfield’s face
AKA every bengals fan in a Columbus market at 4pm
"Over here in the UK it didn’t start until 9pm, and didn’t finish until about half past midnight.

I missed the last quarter because I have work in the morning. And I should be asleep but I got texted the results, so now I’m tired *and* pissed off."
""
""
That’s a keeper.
Country music is god awful
She single
""
My erection has lasted over 4 hours?  Why did they have to give us a 4:05 kickoff.
No. That’s perfectly normal.
[deleted]
Anyone else's Fox and CBS stations totally trash but everything else works fine? In southish central Indiana
""
"Big hands. Great eyes, and an ability to focus. Those feet look quick, but he needs intellect. I don't know his vertical, or his 40 speed, but... in my super un-professional opinion, you've got a pro on your hands."
"#Los Angeles Chargers at Cincinnati Bengals

Paul Brown Stadium- Cincinnati, OH

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:02|

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Chargers *|0|6|0|10|16|
|Bengals|7|0|6|0|13|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|CIN|TD|1|(2:30) (Shotgun) J.Burrow up the middle for 23 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|1|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|LAC|FG|2|(7:14) M.Badgley 24 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Mazza, Holder-T.Long.|
|LAC|FG|2|(:03) M.Badgley 43 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Mazza, Holder-T.Long.|
|CIN|FG|3|(9:17) R.Bullock 50 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CIN|FG|3|(1:36) R.Bullock 43 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|LAC|TD|4|(12:27) (Shotgun) J.Kelley left guard for 5 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|LAC|PAT|4|M.Badgley extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Mazza, Holder-T.Long.|
|LAC|FG|4|(8:59) M.Badgley 22 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Mazza, Holder-T.Long.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Bengals | 7 | 44 | 122 | 173 | 19 |
| Chargers | 6 | 35 | 155 | 207 | 19 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^durnig ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/bengals/comments/is97wn/post_game_thread_los_angeles_chargers_at/)
"Line is completely useless.

Can we cut Bobby Hart now?"
Can AJ stop fuckin falling over and scaring the shit outta me please
Did this coaching staff make *gasps* ADJUSTMENTS AT HALF 🚨
"I imagined all of us going crazy in our homes together. I felt you guys on that run. Love you fuckers, god I am so pumped."
Can they just escort Bobby Hart off the field now
"""Good job by Bobby Hart"" r/brandnewsentence"
How is Bobby Hart still in the NFL. He is the worst player but somehow a worse human too
Bobby hart is getting shit on harder than OBJ. Geez man
False start and then immediately allowing a sack. The most shameful player in this roster.
Cut Bobby Hart RIGHT NOW. Take his helmet and call him an Uber.
How fucking bad are the backups if Bobby hart still has a job. This is so stupid
Bobby hart needs to get out of the game
can we start a petition to make Bobby Hart have to pay for a ticket to the game. Hes a Damn spectator on that o-line
Baker Mayfield is cheeks.
Man I swear I'll go downtown and smack the shit out of this ref if y'all bail me out lmao.
Halftime adjustment idea: Jim turner needs to be fired and Bobby hart needs to be released and then beaten with a sock full of nickels. This shit is unacceptable and it’s going to get Burrow hurt.
#WHO DEY
Zac Taylor with A SNAG!
Is.... is our Defense good?
Davis-Gaither made a good play there by raising his arms instead of diving. Taylor couldn’t see where to throw!
"if hart is in when q3 starts, i want that to be the most pressed-on question at postgame"
That offensive pass interference does NOT get called against our defense 10/10 times I promise. Fuck you NFL
Anyone else tired of holding their breath after every play watching for a flag? The NFL can be a real downer with the amount of penalties.
ESPN about to make a “deceptive” speed comment lmao
Randy Bullock is a fat piece of shit
There it was. 23 yard rushing touchdown as his first career touchdown. Just like we all predicted.
HART YOU USELESS PIECE OF SHIT
When linemen are going down left and right and none of them are Hart... 😞
#MY HANDS!!!!! WHAT DO I DO WITH MY HANDS???????
why does bobby hart have a job.
Fuck Bobby Hart
Bobby hart sucks
Yikes. Bobby is getting his shit took.
"Roses are red
Violets are blue

Bobby Hart fucking sucks"
Hart is just social distancing
Reds won 10-5
A kicker pulling a hammy on a game tying FG to end the game is truly one of the most insane things ive ever seen
I fucking hate injuries.  For any team.  Wish it was madden and we could turn them off.
WJ3 looks pretty good
Who was that on the hit on tyrod? Davis-Gaither? Dude has speed!
bruh im crying i love you joe
Get Bobby out of there before our QB gets hurt!
This is getting hard to watch. Joe is special and taking am absolute fucking beating out here in his first fucking game. And it's literally 100% on Bobby fucking Hart.
Someone needs to stuff Bobby Hart in a locker at Halftime.
"Well, the Cardiac Cats are back."
Noone but the Bengals gets called for that OPI either
Cut Bobby Hart
"For the love of god, get rid of Bobby Hart. I want Joe to live to see next week."
Isn’t putting your full weight on a qb a penalty nowadays? Idk I can’t follow all the sequeuls
Again? Jesus Christ. My expectations were low but holy fuck Hart sucks.
Buck the trend on Bengals not making halftime adjustments and TAKE HART OUT.
Hey remember when we had Whitworth and Zeitler and let both walk? Those were the days.
SOLID HALF. now make sure bobby hart doesn’t come out of the locker room after halftime PLEASE
Burrow is so pissed at himself and now he’s reach super sayian
I don’t care what anyone says Burrow looked fucking great during that last drive. I actually expected to win which is not a feeling I’m used to
How can we watch the game? It’s not on my TV they show Bucs vs Saints
Was that big sac Zac with the one handed catch?
"""fine I'll do it myself"" - Joe Burrow"
Bobby Hart is so trash
Is there literally no one available better than Hart? He's single-handedly ruining drives.
The real conspiracy theory is why Bobby Hart is still on this team.
"Dead serious, if Bobby Hart is out there I'd rather sit Joe to protect him. He's a fucking liability that's going to get out most important player hurt. If he's the best we can do we should just tank for Sewell."
If you overthrow green you overthrew
That Mike Daniels signing looks pretty good right now
He just fucked up joe burrows debut.
[deleted]
Maybe we were a little too tough on dalton with this shit ass o line.
"I love y’all, but you can be knee-jerk sacks of shit sometimes lol"
At least three times on that comeback drive a chargers player sat on a player and didn't let him up. That's a penalty.
Did Taylor just make a one handed catch?
Bro put Taylor in at WR wtf
SHADES OF CRAZY LEGS RIGHT THERE!
[deleted]
First time in a long time I've been this excited for this team. WHO DEY BABY
Who is on starting a go fund me to buy out Bobby harts contract
Is there any precedent for fans organizing and demanding a player be released? Bobby Hart has to go man
"Hey positive note, burrow had time that series to actually spread the field out."
They saw DJ out and took advantage.
We got the fucking ball off fuck off refs
Lol why are we bengals fans
Good thing we wasted all our time outs in the third. Definitely didn’t need those
"I’m a life long bengals fan but entirely new to this subreddit. My favorite sport is hockey, and I’m very active on r/bluejackets. 

However! I’ve been hanging out here the past few weeks and getting to know the vibe around here. I’m loving it so far and im so excited for our first game this year! Fuck the Steelers and who Dey! Lets have a great season! I’m excited to be here!"
The fucking awareness to get behind Hopkins
TREY HOPKINS AKA THE ONLY ONE WORTH SHIT ON THE OLINE WITH THE BLOCK
"23 yard TD, Michael Jordan greatness confirmed. 

LFG"
who else has a boner
Fuck Bobby Hart all my homies hate Bobby Hart
And Bobby shart the bed again.
Hart about as effective as a traffic cone there.
Please get Bobby Hart out of the game. He is god awful
Bobby Hart is gonna post a conspiracy on IG tonight that protecting your QB will lead to nuclear annihilation or some shit
GET HART THE FUCK OUT
"bobby ""double agent"" hart.       
   
&nbsp;  
Hail, Hydra. Because this mofo is playing for the chargers.."
Are the coaches blind!? Put a fuckikg TE end next to Hart.
We've been bitching about Bobby for years while coaches sing his praises. Wtf do they see in this guy?
God we can NEVER sack the fucking QB
"Refs fucked us and the fat randy hurts himself after being good all game, fucking hell"
"Welcome to Cincy, Joe!"
"Welcome to the Bengals, Joe."
Shut the fuck up gene. You always side with the officials on the field you’re worthless
I'm a Ravens fan coming here in contempt but I gotta say Burrow looked really good in his debut.
"Burrow is going to be great. Bengals bros, feel good about this despite the awful end."
Fuck the Steelers
"It is fucking TIED, you absolute lunatics. Chill."
I think I must be the only Cincinnati sports fan that’s an optimist
Shout out to my CBS that decided to air Paid Programming over the Bengals game
Did anyone else see Zac Taylor catch that ball one handedly on the sideline?
Browns fan coming to see what a real quarterback looks like.
Where would we be without Huber. He’s got a cannon of a leg
O line is so fucking bad WOW
Burrow is gonna die behind this OL
Yeah.. I knew not addressing the O-line would be a problem.
We’ve tried to pull a guard twice and each time they’re behind Mixon instead of blocking for him. Yeesh
"Okay, who choose rushing touchdown as his first TD?"
"Jesus man, just hand the ball off every time if you’re just gonna let Joey get sacked every play"
Why is Bobby still on this team?
FUCK bobby hart.
[deleted]
Take one of those cutouts in the stands and place it at RT. Bobby Hart is straight garbage.
Gawd just cut Bobby already
"bengals fans should start a petition to legally have bobby hart's last name changed to ""shart"" or ""fart"""
"If I was in a room with Bin Laden, Stalin, and Bobby Hart with 2 bullets, id shoot Bobby Hart twice"
I counted 11 straight Bobby Hart is trash comments. Its like 70 percent of the game thread. Bengals OL coaches have got to wake up and trade/release the guy. The fans have clearly spoken.
Hahaha nice little makeup call
thats what you call a makeup call
"Despite the score at the end of the game, I just want to see progress. I want to see Burrow get in rhythm. I'd also prefer Bobby Hart stop sucking but there's a better chance I get hit by lightning."
"D looks pretty good, but we are playing Tyrod Taylor, so I'm definitely taking it with a grain of salt."
Fuck you bobby hart
Man they are going to get him hurt
I’m convinced Bobby hart wouldn’t be able to block a rock
It actually pains me watching our franchise QB get lit up because Hart can’t fucking guard a toddler
"Seriously, the back up literally cannot be worse than Bobby.... Just put them in, Zac."
How is Hart even worse? How is that possible?
I hope burrow rips harts ass in the locker room.
"Meanwhile, Tom Brady has been playing like poppy doo-doo so far."
"He's been waiting for a QB sneak to say ""Burrow burrows ahead""."
So about joes cadence..... it’s ugh... real nice.
"Joe's got that classic ""ah shit, I'm on the Bengals"" face on the sideline."
Jessie Bates upgraded 🤖
This defense is so much better lol
Proud of the defense so far today
"I FUCKING HATE WHEN A DEFENDER DOES HIS JOB AND GETS LOW AND THE OFFENSE PUTS THERE HEAD DOWN AND CREATES THE HELMET TO HELMET CONTACT

THIS IS BULLSHIT"
"Oh I see how it is. To unlock God tier Joe, we gotta be losing!"
He was already in the act of throwing when they blew the whistle LMAO
"i've been labelled a dalton defender in the past. but honestly, that pass.. dalton couldnt have made that."
The NFL is fixed. You will not convince me otherwise.
Oh baby we're back
Yup. This is what it is to be a Bengals fan.
Everyone sucking Fat Randy's dick the whole game and look how he fucks us.
Will call that weak opi but not the dbs clearly sitting on top of our players after each tackle. Fucking ref ball
"See? Y’all turn on us way too quickly. One fumble and y’all were ready to burn down Paul brown stadium.

That was a big stop. Lets see what this offense can come out and do when it matters."
Let's not ignore that Green was inbounds on that TD.
Was his leg pointed the wrong way?
Defense showing up so far just need this oline to step it up.
"I love that the chargers can't just go to the sidelines with a RB and get 20 yards a play.

Already a noticeable improvement on Defense lol"
This line is somehow *worse* than I anticipated.
Offensive line doesn’t exist
That’s my fucking QB!!!!!!
My god I’m so excited
That was pure sex.
Big D Burrow with the SPEED
THATS MY FUCKING QUARTERBACK
JOE! JOE! JOE! JOE!
So much lotion is currently being used in Cincy as we speak
Who had Burrows first TD coming THAT way?
I havent eaten anything but football all day.
HART IS TURBO SHIT.
"Bobby Hart again, I thought Houston had the trash cans..."
Bobby Shart
"Even if Fred Johnson looked worse in camp, he probably wouldn't have false started. Fuck Bobby."
Ok so was he supposed to jusy let him walk into the end zone? How are you supposed to stop him if that's a penalty?
Chargers fan here that was a weak ass penalty
Fred Johnson coming anytime soon? I cant watch anymore Bobby Pylon
Give joe some time!!!  I wanna see a down field throw!!
hart has dirt on the bengals FO. this is MY conspiracy theory.
If it was holding that flag should of been thrown 4-5 steps before
This referee smoked crack before the game. It’s official
Execute Bobby Hart
I mean sure bobby hart is a bad player but let's remember he is a much worse person.
"“Oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit, wait help Gio” *turns from bosa and looks at Gio blocking, sigh of relief* 

-Bobby Hart, playing offensive line."
Bobby hart is one of few players who make me violently angry watching football. COMMIT TO BLOCKING BOSA TRY SOMETHING DONT JUMP OUT IF THE FUCKING WAY AND LOOK BACK WHILE YOU STAND THERE BLOCKING FUCKING AIR.
Joe is playing really well for how much Bobby hart is trying to end his life. If he’s still on the team when I wake up tomorrow I won’t know what to do with myself
"Is Samaje Perine active? He's a big, strong guy. Maybe put him at RT?"
Don't think Joe missed the one to Ross but he definitely missed the one to Green
Give Joe a few more weeks to start feeling comfortable and he's hitting those throws. It's nice to see a rookie taking shots down field though.
#JOE MIXON FUMBLED THE BALL WHAT FUCKING SORCERY IS THIS
Pratt with the flop lol
Bates is Pro Bowl caliber. Awesome player
I'm not a big fan of Burrow running so much.  He won't last if he keeps doing that.
my ass could make diamonds right now
#BIG DICK BURROW HAS AWOKEN FROM HIS SLUMBER
That was not blown dead before the snap... These refs are terrible
Fuck the NFL. Completely stolen win.
I just...I don't know man...like...are we just fucking cursed for real?
Ravens fan here .... lmao I’m so sorry. Joe is a stud though
Bulloch is the master of making every kick that doesn't matter and missing every one that does.
Welcome to Bengals football. Another heartbreak. But we will all be back again next week. Go Bengals!
"The refs fucked my dream of a burrow opener win, then bullock came all over its face."
"Joe is a fucking stud. He made up for his mistake, we are going to be okay!"
"Burrow won the game.  He was awesome down the stretch.  AJ cost us the game with a stupid push off, and Randy's career should be over by now."
The poor browns lmao
Who was that coach with the one hand catch? Get that man a helmet.
DREW SAMPLE SIGHTING!
"Yikes, that’s broken broken."
Fire the turf it tripped AJ
Burrow just learned that these elite DE are faster than him in the NFL lol
"Honestly, Burrow is looking pretty good. He's throwing dimes. He made the mistake of not taking the sack, but a player like Burrow won't make that mistake often. I love what I'm seeing so far. Not to mention, were taking a balanced approach to the pass/run game."
Can the offensive line fucking BLOCK?
We're literally going to David Carr him.
I'm so sorry Joe..
Oline being trash is not a good sign but this team just feels better.  Not giving up on D and showing creativity on offense
well I'm rock hard
MY BOY DID THE THING
Hell Yea Joe! And so it begins! Good draft choice Bengals fans!!!
Trey Hopkins though! Show our boy some love
Someone needs to change the settings so the comments sort by new for a live game
This is a fucking rookie who made that play. To have the presence of mind to get Hopkins to make that block. Wowowowow
"THE ""DO IT YOURSELF"" DALTON MOVE FROM THE ROOKIE"
Burrow>Lamar
Hell of a run!  Great block!  Suck it LA.
"First drawing the defense offside as a ROOKIE Qb, then just doing it himself! He's so poised!!!"
Didn't notice Hopkins got both of them there. Nice.
Dude just realized Trey Hopkins took 2 out right there
How the fuck is that a touch back?
Seeems my 2 year old grandson does not enjoy me yelling yehhhhh at the tv.   I hope i get to do it a lot more and he gets useed to it.
Lawson has such a motor hope he picks up where he left off
Classic Bobby hart
Of fucking course it was Bobby 😂
"New bengals fan here. Why do we hate Bobby Hart? I was taking a dab and missed it. Is he like yalls Germain Ifedi?

Edit: Ah I see."
Bobby Hart is straight trash.
I wish we upgraded this oline. It’s so bad.
Bench hart
I would rather have a statue that can block but never move than fucking Bobby Hart.
Goddamit Bobby fucking Hart you piece of shit.
You have to help hart on bosa
Bobby Hart is really good at being Bobby Hart.  Who knew?
Bobby Hart you giant piece of human garbage. Words can not express how much I hate you.
oline is weak. Joe looks good when hes not getting sacked. D is playing well
Surely there are better undrafted players than this pile of trash Bobby Hart sitting on the end of the line.
Put in Fred Johnson at RT
Bobby hart sucks
Bobby Hart get off of my team
"Chargers fan checking in. Stupid ass penalty, clean hit."
that was not fuckin helmet-to-helmet
These refs are going to fuck us so hard.
If Bobby can’t wake up they gotta let Fred try to stop bosa
can't wait to hear that tap-dancing fanduel ad every five fucking mins for the next few months
God help Joes right side on this drive.
Hart has to be the worst starting tackle in the league no?
"Fucking Hart, AGAIN."
"As a non Bengals fan who is hoping Burrow turns out as a stud, I'm feeling really bad for him with whoever ya'll have at RT. That RT is straight up going to get Burrow put on IR or seeing ghosts by the end of this game."
Not even watching the game but that was a bad call
"Fuck our entire Oline, Fire turner"
Hart is SO FUCKING BAD how is he our fucking starting RT. LITERALLY every fucking drive he's getting Joe murdered.
Hart actually helped tackle Gio...
"Bobby Hart has to fucking GO. He just jumps out of the way and gives JOEY FUCKING BOSA a free shot at our QB. 

He alone is KILLING this team. Fred Johnson cant do ANY fucking worse. A poodle couldnt do any fucking worse that than fucking turnstile."
How does Bobby Hart just let Bosa by and stand there like an idiot not blocking anyone.
“You can’t get starting right tackles at Walmart”
Hart let bosa through so easily that bosa nearly fell from anticipating contact
Zach Taylor has some explaining to do if Hart starts the second half.
"I know Bobby Hart sticks out like a ginger stepchild, but Jonah has actually been pretty solid."
"Tyler Boyd has zero targets, right?"
Bobby Hart is basically a potato
[deleted]
Ugh green wide open
I know we only got a fg there but that drive is making me feel a lot better
Little Jumpy Joe. I’m not too worried.
We are gonna see those kinda throws lock in within a couple weeks. That’s the result of no live reps to learn from.
"WOAH FAT RANDY, BRAMBLEJAM"
Tyrods throwing a pick 6 on this drive I'm calling it
"Great stop, D.

At least something is consistent this game."
Defense looks day and night compared to last year.
"Hopkins seems like one of the few bright spots on our o line, haven't really seen him make any big mistakes"
Reader said “cramping”.  IV incoming.
I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5. I'm okay with only wining 5.
Mixon finally fumbles. Can't be mad tbh. Shit happens
Let burrow sling it
bynes looks like a nice pickup for us this year
It would be so poetic for Joe to a lead us to a comeback win in his first ever game...
Shades of marvin lewis. Out of timeouts with six fucking minutes to go.
Rookie mistake.  That was horrible tho lol
Good thing we don't have any fucking timeouts
"Big rookie mistake there, Joe."
#JOHN ROSS DID A GOOD!!!
Ross always catches some crazy shit but the first to drop a dime. Man makes zero sense
You guys see that shit? Trying to hold Gio down to burn clock?
bull you cant overturn that after the snap
So quick snapping is useless?
Oh I didn’t know you could stop a play mid play to review the last one
Dude these fuckikg dbs are staying on top of the recievers where’s the delay of game refs.
these freaking refs can not get out of the way. screw their agenda
We really just gopt hosed. Fuck the NFL
"Joe's just like ""*What the fuck was that?*"""
I laughed. It's so bad I actually laughed lol
y'all got robbed
"Disappointing way to lose but I've seen everything I need to see from Joe Burrow in game 1 already.

We got our guy"
We should have kept the eagles kicker 2 years  ago
I'm not doubting or being crazy after the first drive but WTF! All of the weapons we have on offense and we have MIKE THOMAS on the field on 3rd and 5 AND we are throwing to him?! C'mon now!!
Hate to see a guy hurt already :(
"Burrow to green.

Return of Sample right after that.

Who Dey you guys. Time pay attention to how Jonah looks :)"
Promising drive ruined by that shit sack.
Burrow’s second drive as an nfl starter and the O line left him out to dry like every play. Relax y’all lol
D lookin HUNGRY tho
Yikes our Oline is looking putrid.
The man has no time to throw
Throw the linemen in the river
Our line  line looks worse than it did last year
I want burrow to impregnate my wife.
ANDY DALTON SLAM CALL BACK LETS GET IT
First of many.
"Shoutout to Trey Hopkins, his block allowed Joe to walk into the end zone untouched"
Just did some laps.  Too excited.
How was that a touchback ???
What did I just miss? How was that a touchback? We downed them at the 10???
"How about a fucking replay, CBS? What the fuck? That's a huge swing in field position. How was that a touchback?"
Can burrow get that LA pass protect?
Did that first quarter seem long to anyone else?
"shame the bengals didnt know their RT was crap going into the off season, they could have maybe upgraded that position in free agency or the draft.. amirite?"
I dislike Bobby Hart immensely.
"FUCK YOU, HART"
Bobby hart come on man
Bobby Hart is shit.
Get Hart away from here
Bobby hart SMH
Imagine being as bad at your job and as big a piece of shit as Bobby hart and still having a job
Like is it even physically possible that Fred Johnson is worse than Bobby Hart?
Can someone PLEASE make a formal letter to the Bengals FO regarding the extreme hatred for Bobby Hart and we can all sign it.
Did anybody else enjoy seeing Joey Bosa get in Bobby Shart's face?
Aw man i was having so much fun 15 min ago
Even Gene Steratore is saying that was clean hit.
This line is such a fucking joke
Our punt coverage team needs some work. Two punts should have been downed inside the 5.
Bobby Hart is the type of person to go to Pizza Hut and order a Whopper
Definitely saw no penalty in the replays they showed
Burrow just got rocked bc of fucin bobby hart
bobby hart. lol. what can you say.
Bobby Hart is garbage
MAYBE WE SHOULDA GOT SOME O LINE jesus christ.
Online is fine. Except Bobby Hart. He gets beat every play
Bobby Hart has nonstop been shit this game
"Get Hart the FUCK OUT. Why is this even up for debate? He lets his man by every time, and it's not even hyperbole. He legitimately does."
Any coach who decided Hart should be 1 on 1 with Bosa all game should be admitted to a psych ward
This might be the worst performance by a single player I have ever seen.
Our offensive line is offensive
"Hart must have pee pee tapes with Mike Brown, no other explanation."
Have the bengals ever covered a tight end?
Do we not have a backup RT?
Almost every drive started at the 40+ yard line and we would likely have just 3 points if it wasn’t for Joe going absolutely crazy on that run
#Start Fred Johnson
zac better talk some sense into this o line
Miss it ya turd
Ross wtf?!?!?!?
Ross is gone after this year. We’ll ease Higgins in to the rotation more
"Damn first one was on ross, second on burrow. We shoulda had a TD that drive"
Green is either slowed down a lot or he is used to slowing down on Dalton bombs.
"Really liking what I'm seeing from Bynes, Daniel's, and Reader so far."
Bates is the defensive MVP this game
"Burrowing his way

They were waiting to use that one"
This drive is beautiful. Burrow has settled in
Mmmm that is some good red zone D
Burrow game winning drive coming right up! Let's fuckin do it
Sure hope we won’t need those timeouts 🥴
What the FUCK was that
What a rookie move.
"Time to redeem yourself, Joe."
Joe has a chance to start creating his legacy.
"Lmao, saints recovered an onside while up 14"
Just because it’s burrow’s first game doesn’t mean we have to lose guys
Where was this play calling all game..
I'm a Louisiana native who has been a Cincy fan since the 90s. This season means so much to me.
Wow we got the fucking snap off dude. What the fuck is this horse shit
FCKING CHARGERS PLAYERS GET OFF OUR PLAYERS
Dude these Chargers aren’t allowing our receivers to get up like wtf?
"Welcome to Cincinnati, Joe"
What the fuck.
They wasted Burrow's great comeback drive. God I am beyond pissed.
Fuck the refs
I don’t know why I expected anything different. 😔
If you get rid of Hart I think we instantly become better. Dude is a liability.
but for real. how can you call OPI w/ 10 secs left
This subs negative Nancys are so annoying lol it’s the second drive with no preseason games eat shit
People already blaming Burrow lmao
"Can we just ban all the people with the “cursed”, “typical bengals”, and “we suck again” comments? If you would’ve told me we were tied through 3 before the game I’d be ecstatic"
LETS GO JOE
Did ZT one hand catch that
Taylor with that one handed catch.
Praying for that dude
"Chargers fan checking in. Awesome seeing AJ Green back in action. Mixon def going to give us trouble the next 51 minutes.


Shoutout to y'all being respectful about Drue Tranquill.. hopefully both teams don't have anymore injuries moving forward."
O line bad.
Bobby Hart sucks
*virtual crowd boos*
Bobby shart Bobby shart
[deleted]
**are they pumping in artificial crowd noise**?
Very pleased with the d’s start
I love that blitz call!!
I really hope we can keep Joe healthy. This isn't pretty.
My god the line is terrible.
was confused then and still confused at how we didnt even try to improve the o line during our free agent moves
"Wow, this line play is brutal."
The line looks worse than last year somehow
I didn't know our oline could look even worse than it did last season.
"Hard to get excited about Burrow when the line can't protect for shit. It's just an injury, sack or incompletion waiting to happen."
Jonah Williams is getting abused so far
Kevin Huber leads the game in possession time
"Week 1 with no preseason. We knew it was gonna be ugly, it has been ugly all around the league. You all need to chill the fuck out."
"Offensive line is giving him no time. From the very beginning of the off-season I wanted to see if this o line was going to be better. I don't care if you put montana, brees, or your choice he needs a bit more time. Just a bit"
We should’ve gave whitworth what ever he wanted in the off season
Can we say that our D looks pretty decent so far?
HUGE DICK PLAY
GIVE ME YOUR BABIES BURROW
I HAVE ACHIEVED ERECTION
#WOOOOOOW
Ho lee fuk I’m so hard.
Literally uses trey like a RB would
Ok i just peed.
[deleted]
Burrow with the leveon bell style patience.
JOEY JOEY JOEY
"guys. I love every single one of you. I love my wife and my children. but more than any of you, I love Joseph Burrow. WHO FUCKING DEY"
Wilson has been balling on ST.
Special teams been low key legit
"God damn, just got in here. Gotta say, Burrow is fucking incredible"
Bobby Shart with the helmet to helmet hit on Joe...smh
Why was that a touch back?
Bobby Hart is CHEEKS
FUCK BOBBY HART
Dumb on and off the field. Fuck you Bobby Hart.
We need a line. Or keep a TE in to help with Bosa
Hart is either useless or actively hurting the team
Who would've thought Bosa would be a bad matchup for Bobby Hart?
"Joey Bosa should be ashamed that a man of his talent is talking shit to Bobby Hart.

Be Better Joey lol"
"God, why is Hart still on the team"
[deleted]
Drew Sample needs to be next to Bobby Hart at all times.
In no way is Fred Johnson worse than Bobby Hart. Only making Hart the starter because of money.
Only issue I have seen so far is the O line. Other than that we don’t look too bad!
Put a trash can out there it would be an upgrade over Bobby Hart.
Lol makeup call
I thought that was clean but so did Steratore so I don't know what to believe
Melanie kinda bad
Did Bobby just pass his man off to....nobody?
How does Bobby Hart have a job let alone a contract extension...
OL a serious issue
We're literally not allowed to defend. What a fucking joke
Drafting burrow and then letting Hart “block” for him is like buying a Porsche and then letting your child “drive” it home from the dealership. Someone’s going to get hurt and it was completely foreseeable & preventable
"Just because the film crew didn’t show the hold, doesn’t mean it didn’t happen. 

The hold happened before the ball was in the air. They didn’t show that replay (they should)"
The middle of the d line is stout.   Love it.
"The good news is, our defense has improved. The bad news is Bobby Hart is still on the roster"
CALL THAT HOLDING ON GREEN
"Jesus Christ, Hart plays patty cake for half a second and then gets juked. He is SO bad."
TOUCH SOMEONE BOBBY HART
i feel bad for Joe right now but he seems like the kind of dude to make enough noise to get this shitshow OL changed
Fuck Bobby Hart
Holy fuck hart is unbelievable
Fuck Bobby Hart man
Bobbie hart is the worst football player in league history
Im actually stunned that the coaches think Bobby Hart had even a semblance of talent. Hes literally on every Chargers highlight
Why is Hart getting snaps at this point
"Ya at this point you gotta at least try Fred Johnson in a rotation, the o line looks worse than last year"
"EMPHATICALLY

FUCK

BOBBY HART"
"Cut Hart midgame. F it, I'll go out there. Can't be much worse."
Bobby Hart is fucking avoiding Bosa cause he can't even block him
This shit has to stop. Hart needs to go. He has allowed so many knockdowns and sacks. Barely mounting any resistance.
How many years of football being a sport will it take for teams to realize prevent defense is a horrible strategy except for like end of game hail mary type scenario's. This is fucking dumb.
Zac Taylor better do some adjustments out the half. We cannot have Hart there alone vs Bosa
The money given to Waynes should have been thrown at Conklin.
Gotta start putting Gio next to Burrow to protect on the right side. Joe can’t throw at all
Put Hakeem adeniji in for Bobby shart
I'll take a 7-6 lead..with a Rookie and a horrible O-line
On a positive note we've all made it one half of the first game of the season without anybody mentioning drowning their sorrows in alcohol.
nice tackle WJIII
HE MISSED
Imagine how different this game would be if Williams was inactive
Halftime adjustments should’ve been BENCH HART.
Ross should've had that one
FAT RANDY
"Ross literally needs the ball right in his chest to have a chance for a completion, dude has speed but barely has any ball skills."
RANDY MADE A 50 YARDER
"Ross screwed up, but Burrow has been overthrowing the few deep balls he’s thrown. He’ll get better."
I think Joe put a little extra in those passes cause he anticipated that Bosa was going to piledrive him on the release
Bates with the decleater!
Jesse Bates is actually showing out this game. If he continues to play like that all season he was a solid 2nd round pick.
"I'd be interested to see if Price improved, he got jacked and seemed pretty dedicated, I think he had first round draft pedigree, see if he can live up to it"
"nice, long drive here keep it going joe & joe"
"this one iiiiiiiiiiiiiiis good

-harlan"
Slippery as a rain drop!
losing Reader would be a huge loss.
Love seeing Bates have a  monster game.
Thank God DJ just had cramps
Notice how our run defense immediately went to shit when Reader got hurt.
We need Reader back in the game immediately
"lol i ain’t even mad at mixon, our line got fking blew up"
Jeremy hill flashbacks
That one hurts. But Mixon is going to come back hungrier than ever.
"I understand a strategic TO, but you better stop them if you use our second here."
The defense has all the energy on this team
I love you Jessie
Great Stand
Is using a TE to chip the DE not a thing anymore? Seems like the right side needs some help. They are demolishing 5 man protections.
Jessie Bates has been playing amazing all game
Wow that’s awful
oh no joe
Big rookie mistake
Rookie play. He'll learn from it
Joey noooo 😭😭😭
THAT WAS ON ALLEN 100% WTF
Omg if burrow can lead a game winning drive I will order skyline
Let’s go Joe!!! game winning drive in game 1 !!
"Regardless, our defense came to play"
Burrow thrives in these situations
I’m getting erect! Let’s fucking go!
John ross giveth and taketh
ross will be better in his 2nd season.. rookie jitters..
Oh the refs are trash. That got that ball out before a whistle blown. Lol. I know it’s incomplete.
COME ON there’s no way they stopped it in time
"Quit bitching about Ross.


We wouldn’t be in the position rn without him"
"This Just In:
burrow has big pp"
"Chargers holding our guys down, NBD"
Chargers keep holding guys down. Delay of game!!?!?
Why don’t teams get penalties for clearly holding players after a play to try and take more time off the clock?
This is going to be one hell of a season boys
999 out of 1000 times that shit's not called. GFD refs
Some serious fucking acting. Unbelievable throw and catch taken off the board
lol I would pretend I pulled a muscle too
Lmfao what a fucking bengals game
Fuck me typical Cincinnati heart break.
Highway fucking robbery
"Crazy that Mixon wasn't in there the entire last drive, and that was a PI call for sure on Green. Bullock also fucked you guys there."
"Love Joe Burrow, hate Bobby Hart, hate Fat Randy"
"Burrow literally did the hard work of getting the team down the field against the Chargers D, just for the kicker to screw up. Unbelievable"
"Those refs may be the worst i have ever seen. If anything that shoulda been off setting flags in the endzone since the defender had AJs waist wrapped before the push off. Let's not even talk about the ""helmet to helmet"""
That LA defender deserves an Oscar for that acting
Bengals haven’t had a kicker they can count on in the clutch my entire life.
This hurts. It hurts so bad.
Fire Bobby. Fire. Randy. And no extra $600 a week in unemployment assistance for either as their termination was due to gross negligence and incompetence.
Uhhh since when can players take massive hits on QBs WITHOUT the ball?!? Imagine if Brady gets hit like that lol
Remember how good we looked week 1 last year against Seattle?  Logic dictates that a bad week one this year = Super Bowl.
Imagine calling a guy a bust after a few drives where he basically has no time. I’m convinced there are just a bunch of brown fans in here trolling
Joe Burrow ran the ball more that drive than Hunt or Chubb did all game
Damn Ross put in some fucking effort you could have had that shit
Texans fan here...so happy Burrows looks good I was terrified he wouldn’t..i just turned on red zone and saw a handful of great plays!
one of the worst officiated games ive seen in a while and we arent even playing the steelers
Well at least we welcomed joe to the NFL with the full Bengals experience. I hate everything.
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS ITS HERE!!!
This game not being on TV in Columbus is so dumb. They’re showing bull riding instead....
[deleted]
Chargers stopped themselves that round. Hopefully the Bengals D is improved this year. Drive 1 makes me worried
"The Joe promos are too much, sex really does sell"
Ravens fan here.. Excited to see Joey boy lets see what im up against
LSU went 3 and out first drive of the championship game
That fucking block though
That looks cringy
Hate to see anyone get hurt. 🙏 prayers to tranquill
Putrid OLine protection there.
just no blocking at all
this is burrow’s first ever drives in a game. no preseason. it’s ok i expect some shaky start
Glad that ref wasn't sensitive about that hug lmao
"Guys he is a rookie! As great as he is, there will be growing pains. Its his 1st game"
Alexander is a funny guy.
With how refs are I'm very thankful Alexander didn't get thrown out
Offensive line is SO sorry.
God damn our oline sucks
Can we block please lol
Our o line is dog shit
"This O-line is like a brick wall. 

But held together with one single piece of tape."
So the O-line is still ass
This O-Line is gonna cost us heavily this season. I just hope Joe doesn't start seeing ghosts or gets injured because of it
Burrow will work it out y’all. Don’t worry. Our defense just needs to hold up
Defense looks stout at least
Not sure if our defense is legit or chargers offense is inept...
I love this man.
KABABAHAOSPPDOFBFBRBSOAOSOOSBEBDB
YESSSSSSS
OH MY GOD
I just had an orgasm
I LOVE YOU JOE
#JOE “LAMAR JACKSON” BURROW
Great block by Hopkins
Joe can father my children
Great play calling so far !
Oh god! My insides are hurting from screaming and doing the Icky Shuffle.. I might die happy now!!
That’s because the Bengals start the season away from PBS a lot of the time.
dafuq just happened
"If the bengals win a single playoff game this year I swear to God I'm naming my firstborn child after Joe Burrow. If it's a girl, she'll be Josephine. I'm that committed."
Fucking Bobby Hart. You idiot.
Fucking Shart
Was wondering when dumbass would make his presence known.
Bobby Hart 🗑
"""They get by Hart..."""
Wow we should’ve made a BIG emphasis on getting quality lineman for Burrow. He virtually has no time.
Hart's dumbass just flopped as Bosa blew right by him
bobby hart showing up to pick up his wages and do fuck all
"False start into doing an A+ impersonation of a subway turnstile.

Bobby Hart everyone."
"maybe Fred Johnson is a gamer.

Practices bad and plays great in games....I think we should find out ASAP"
If we had an OL the score would be 35-0
"Horse shit call.  This is football man, come on."
Bruh even Gene agrees thats not a flag.
What a shit call
Make up call
How about they just make the NFL Flag football? What a bullshit call
Guess we cant hit anymore
If you’re gonna get called for doing everything right.  You may as well go all out and hit hard as you can.
never get to see the make-up call replay
Great stop. They held to 3 after that bs call.
So how do we get an O line before Thursday?
Bobby Hart needs fucking cut at halftime
Can you guys please stop trying to kill my boy Joe by having Bobby Hart out there
It's so frustrating seeing this shit line. Truly.
Huber still the mvp
How do both the qb and running back get tackled at the same time.  Absolutely no blocking.
Hart needs to be benched for the simple fact that Burrow will legitimately get injured if he continues to play
Would have liked to go for that 4th
I'd kill for a solid 15-20+ yard completion right now.
Jim Turner needs to be fired.
looked like a stop
Give Burrow some time on this drive. Please.
The play calling is trash. The discipline is trash. Bobby Hart is trash.
Cut Hart at half time.
If hart is in for the second half im driving to Paul brown.
Please get rid of Bobby Hart. Please
Bosa against Hart is just unfair
Bobby fucking Hart is going to get Burrow hurt
Maybe block Bosa?  Damn Hart
Fred Johnson would at least put hands on someone. He’s not bad. It’s crazy this team continues to suck Bobby Harts chode
Fire Jim Turner at half. This is a fucking joke
I swear to god if they don’t bench Bobby Hart he will single handedly cost us at LEAST 5 games
I weigh 160 pounds soaking wet and could do a better job than Sloppy Fart
Uzomah fucked that drive up with his false start and diving out of bounds for no reason to stop the clock
I sure as fuck hope ZT lights up Hart at halftime. Tells him that he doesn’t step up he’s pulling his ass out of there.
"If the offensive line doesn't actually learn how to block, the backup qb will be in by week 5. I'm perfectly fine with Joe making mistakes. No problem. We are suppose to have had a vastly improved o line."
Honestly I can’t believe we’re ahead at the half
Does the team have the ability to pipe in boos from the PA system?
"Burrow has heart, but Hart does not have him"
"Gio in at right tackle, seems better"
"I'm guessing they want to keep Bobby Hart in to see if he learns from his mistakes. But if Fred Johnson played good last year maybe he just shows up in game, gotta give him an opportunity for what's happening here"
Thank goodness Alexander's ok
I thought that was our job to waste a timeout at the start of 2nd half...
Wide right. Fuck yeah. LEGGO Burrow
Faaaaaaaaat Randy!
BIG RANDY
Ross pulling up the drops already...
Randy doing his job.
Randy solid as usual
Fat Randy got thicker. I love it.
Weird seeing deep overthrows lol. Dalton was always short.
Replace Bobby hart with Eduardo Perez from Modelo commercial
Hart looking halfway decent out of halftime
GREAT play by Bates there
A J just isn't 100%
Bates lays WOOD
"I'm drawing a blank, what was the name of the dude who used to return kicks before Erickson and we always had to hold our breath that dude was gonna fumble the catch?"
look what burrow can do when he gets more than 0.5 seconds to throw!! let’s go!!
Mixion built like a shit brick house. Defenders just bounce right off him.
Randy just putting his weight behind it
Man just get the 1st down
Fat randy >>>>>>>> Justin Tucker
"I think AJ will never be the same, gonna be a short yardage guy"
hoping its nothing serious. just a cramp. keep dr nick away from him.
What a sloppy tackle
I swear there is something in the water. Always so injury prone.
DJ only has cramps!!! 🚨🙏
I gotta be honest. I really want this win.
Jessie Bates has looked more like Von Bell than Von Bell does lol
[deleted]
Little bit of adversity. Lets see what this team is made of.
"Fumbles happen, I'm not even mad. With as horrible as our offense has been to be tied with 9 mins left is a miracle."
"Well in an effort to stay optimistic, this is Burrow's opportunity to really prove something and get us the W"
LOCKDOWN
Bates is such a good player my GOD
You’re only as good as your offensive line.
I believe
"Shoutout to Josh Bynes, it’s nice having a linebacker who can actually tackle"
Lets go Cardiac Cats!
"I see a lot of comments about how great the defense is and I guess I'm just not seeing it. 

The *secondary* looks good (but it's also against Tyrod). But they're running all over us. Already 150 yards on the ground. Not great."
NO JOE 🤦😭😭😭😭😭😭
Don't do that anymore Joe.
Ugh
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
"Joe, honey, what was that?"
Allen put his fucking helmet down
At least his first career pick was stupidly memorable.
I rather have a rookie move in the 1st game so he learns his lesson.
How the fuck you supposed to tackle when the offensive player lowers his helmet? This should not be offsetting penalties
We NEED a turnover
How the fuck is that ever a penalty he fucking lowered his head into him
"Here you go, kid. This is how it starts"
Pls don’t kill ross
Ross has hands.
Joe wearing an LSU Football bracelet in game  😂
Do it Joe! I believe in you!
"Burrow is managing really well. As a rookie coming out after a dum-dum play, and managing well with the game on the line is a promising sign for his career."
"consider the short off season, no preseason games, the junk RT play today, and some of the questionable ref calls. then look at what joe burrow has done in his first nfl start as a rookie. things are looking up in cincy longterm."
Pls no bullshit
COME-ON Joey B!! Bring the W home to us!!
I bet if the Steelers got the ball off the refs would have gladly done nothing
THE BALL WAS SNAPPED
Refs doing thier best to fuck us over about everything today. Jesus fucking Christ
Fuck you refs. The ball was snapped. You can't stop a play when they happens.
Holy fuck what a sell job. Such an ASS call
That is a weak call.
"Fuck you ref, fuck you forever"
Are you fucking kidding me
We probably would've scored a TD of we had any timeouts.
Joe’s face is me ughhhh
And the Oscar goes to that fucker in the endzone
[deleted]
been dealing with the umps for the reds all season and the bengals have to start the season like this man. pain.
Pain. Cmon man. Burrow was great on that drive
Kicker tryouts
I’m definitely gonna avoid game threads this year if they’re like this. Y’all are fucking annoying
JOE FUCKING GODDAMN BURROW IS MY FUCKING DAD
"THAT'S IT NFL, CULTIVATE THAT LA FANBASE..... Fuck this shit, they wouldn't have called that a pushoff on any other team."
Thanks oline for completely killing the momentum on that drive. Hate you fucks.
This is the most anxiety I've ever felt in my life and I've been hospitalized for anxiety before lmao
Bobby Hart is just socially distancing himself from Bosa.
Fans in here acting like were down 21.  Take it easy yall damn.  This is a solid game.  Lol
wow that blake maislin ad sure has me pumped up
I love when Kevin Harlan calls our games.
In Columbus. Where the F is the game?
COACH WITH THE ONE HANDED GRAB
JOE TO A.J
Ugh. Hope this kid is alright.
That’s a broken leg
Drew sample pick paying off bigly now 😤
That dudes leg.
Oh no :( I hope that dude’s leg is okay
Yikes. Hope that guy gets to play again. What a horrible injury to suffer first game of the season :(
Kills me seeing this young dude crying. His career has barely started. He's devastated. You work so hard and leg gets destroyed just like that.
Holy Shit Bosa just blew through Jonah like he was made of paper.
Other than the sack that drive was looking decent
Have faith good lord. It's only game one
That ref bear hug lol
"Joe Burrow is gonna need time to adapt like any rookie. But made even worse by the lack of preseason. This is the first time hes had NFL guys coming for him.

There might not have been much he could have done to not be sacked, but him bouncing at the pocket made it a 15 yard sack not a 5 yard one"
One thing I can say about Burrow is that he had 2 years starting at LSU. Everyone talks about his last year but the year before he was really good. He made some mistakes as he got used to SEC play. Give him time to adapt and figure shit out. He wont dissapoint
"Burrow is 5 for 6, this is just a defensive battle rn, whodey!"
People in here talking about Burrow as if he’s thrown multiple picks today
PROTECT YOUR QB
O line is traaaaaaash
Holy shit this is hard to watch
CALM DOWN. Burrow is a rookie and his o-line is not helping him at ALL.
Tackling and defense is better. Team feels better in a lot of ways but this line is SO BAD.
Jesus. RIP to anyone who thought the OL would show improvement. This is brutal.
Line is trash
Gee. Who would have thought they should have improved the O-Line in the off season.
PRATT is gonna be a stud.
Is our defense good or is their offense bad? I can't tell
But this defense looks competitive I'm liking that a lot.
"Am I the only one feeling better about this team? It’s clear we could’ve used a preseason, but the team already looks better. Burrow is a rookie starting his first ever NFL game. Let’s all be a little realistic in our assessments and expectations. From the positives that I’ve seen, his potential is still looking great."
Damn burrow is accurate as hell
LETS FUCKING GOOO
FUCK YEAH!
Here we go.
YEAHHHH
Hey Burrow got to his Third read!!
JOEY B WE NEVER DOUBTED YOU
Wild leg Burrow!
CRAZYLEGS JOE
Lmaoooo let's fucking go
WHO DEY MOTHER BITCHES!!!
YEEaYyy BOYYyy
JOE DECIDED TO DO IT HIMSELF
BURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRROW!!!!
Balls OF STEEL
Oh baby
ayyyyyyy dat block tho
"Holy shit, he's pretty damn fast."
DECEPTIVELY SPEEDY
LOL when Joe has to push his o-linemen to block!! good block Trey!!
Burrow is the 🐐
HOLY SHIT! ITS HISTORY.
I came
WHAT A MAN
I can't breath. That was so beautiful I may faint.
This mother fucker. That was an incredible way to score your first touchdown.
He’s the greatest player of all fucking time
#JOE FUCKING BURROW
QB draw all game!
Alright that’s not how I pictured Burrow’s first touchdown but I’LL FUCKING TAKE IT LETS FUCKING GOOOOO!!!!
"Joe ""Le'Veon Bell"" Burrow."
Better than Baker already
Still so excited.  I love this lol
Awesome to see everyone else excited on the bench too
Trey Hopkins needs mad love for that block. Took out two dudes with it.
Rookie LBs looking like steals so far.
Didn’t see a touchback
WTF is that call?
Pretty sure I saw 3 Chargers o-line holding that play lol
This turf be slippery
DEFENSE LOOKING ROCK SOLID.
Now I want chicken. Great
Not to jinx us but it seems like our penalty issues are down too
Is our D actually this decent or are the Chargers not having a good day?
Am I the only one here who is insanely attracted to Joe? He had a glow up and I’m here for it
God damn Bobby Hart.
there's the bobby we know
"anytime you hear hart's name called, you know its probably not going to be a good play by him.."
Bobby Shart at it again
Buck hobby fart
Just fucking drop hart already dear god
Bobby Hart should have been addressed long before we drafted Joe Burrow. Demar Dotson was just sitting out there. He's not Willie Anderson but he sure as shit aint a fucking TURNSTILE.
Bobby Shart has blackmail on someone.
Bosa on Hart is laughable
I vote we replace Bobby Hart with the Bengals Barrel. It blocks better and knows how to take a hit.
get Hart out of the game and off the team
Our LBs are actually playing like LBs
I GUESS YOU CANT PLAY FOOTBALL NOW
What are you supposed to do in that situation? just let him keep going? soft af
Good forbid you don't allow him an uncontested catch
"Ahh, yes. This is the National Flag League just as I remember."
Feeling a pick here
Good job D to hold them to 3
At least we _got_ a makeup call I guess
I think I’d rather have Price in there rather than Shart
Need to get Bobby some help against Bosa out there
Do you kids even know who Rocky and Bullwinkle are?
This d line is torturing our toilet paper o line
Well executed even if they didnt jump. Nothing to lose there. Want that extra 5 if youre punting. Nice to see an intelligent play.
Pls just BENCH BOBBY ALREADY
"Fuck Bobby Hart, put Johnson in."
Who would’ve ever guessed Bobby Hart sucked? Whoever is fighting to keep his job should be let go too. They can’t evaluate talent. He was shit for the giants and shit for us
[deleted]
"LBs exceeding expectations, but the O-Line subverting expectations. Such is life."
Haha I’ve smoked weed at that park
that would’ve been another sack. bobby hart gtfo
Good lord he has no time
our o line is going to get joe hurt. this has to get fixed.
Fucking o line
We gotta get Joe some protection
I haven't played football in ten years and I'm sure I can do a better job the Hart. How does this guy have a job
I say we fire Taylor just for allowing Hart to continue this dumpster fire performance.
Hart is so bad
They better rip the o line a new one after that shit hole first half.
I have a hard time believing no one on this roster or even on the NFL trash heap isn't better than Bobby Hart.
is there any free agents better than bobby hart the bengals can pick up? maybe someone in a wheelchair
JFC Bobby Hart couldn’t stop a toilet.
It’s reallllly hard to believe Hart is the best we could do.
"Bobby Hart just gave a lookout block on Joey Fucking Bosa! Get him off the field. Bring Fred in, fuck...anything!"
"Seriously, Gio blocks better than Hart."
Turns out having a great WR room means nothing if you don't have time to throw
Ah the classic play 10 yards off the receiver defense. A throwback
Burrow's average time to throw is going to be so low by the end of the game
It’s crazy how quickly this O Line has drained any type of hope I had for this season
it really feels like hart is afraid to get hit. guy is just collecting a paycheck. no heart on or off the field. eat shit and get off the team
"If we can’t put a drive together and keep the offense on the field for more than a minute, our defense is gonna get so gassed"
are the refs protesting Hart? they gonna keep making shit calls til hes gone?
"We were outgained 233-88 that first half, sheesh"
Joe will be out with an injury here soon if the line doesn't shape up
"In other news, Reds up 10-5"
"Other than Hart, the O-line has mostly held up."
CAN WE BENCH BOBBY HART PLZ
"Scary idea, what if Hart's backup is worse than he is?"
"If I'm Taylor, I'm anchoring a TE on the right side of the line every single play of the second half to help with double teams and chip blocks. Otherwise, we are going to see more of Joe running for his life."
Anyone else just look at year as a developing season? I’m not getting pressed about these games because we need to grow still
Halftime adjustments. Bench Bobby Hart. Thanks.
"Being serious, is there anyone else we can sign for RT?"
Limp
Isn’t Tyrod pronounced Tuh-rod? I thought we learned that on Hard Knocks with the browns
Yes!!!
Burrow 70 yard run. Easy call
Ross has to get to that. Jfc
"omg ross, you have to catch those."
"I get that Ross isn't a possession receiver, but you gotta catch."
If green is hurt again I'm gonna be depressed
Fuck John Ross
Come on Joe. Accuracy isn't there yet.
"Honestly Randy isn't even that fat anymore, he's really Fit Randy nowadays."
Fat Randy the savior
FAT RANDY
I have not paid as much attn as i should.  Werent folks hyped about that tee higgins guy?  has he even seen the field or is he hurt?
Is Boyd playing?
Honestly I love the zip on burrows throws. The timing does not worry me right now at all.
"Damn you see direct results from camp, Green barely played gets over thrown, Ross trained a lot with Burrow pre camp - right through his fingers lol"
Either AJ pulled hammy or knew it was overthrown.
Thicccc Randy
"Joe will figure out the timing... but still, that hurts ughh."
"I'm not worried at all, nothing Joe has done has ever resembled actual NFL game speed, those throws will be on target later in the season.

First was on Ross, it looked like he lost it in the air. Second was just a bad pass to Green. But also, after that AJ Green first down play, he appeared to be a little shaken, God I hope it's just a cramp."
Are Higgins and Boyd not in this game?
"""fuck that junk"" -- bates the third"
Jesus Bates
Tyrod was speaking from his heart when he said he will just throw it up to Mike William's
Very good special teams play today
[deleted]
Joe had more than a second holy shit
"After watching the Browns and Baker, it's so impressive how Burrow hits people right where they can catch it"
Wonderful. Lose one of our lineman that isn’t Bobby Hart.
Fake run pass. Let's do it.
Burrow looks like [Gus Johnson.](https://www.youtube.com/c/gustoonz)
If this was a Marv game we would have had the same 1st half score but would be down 20-7 right now.
They JUST did a richard Jewell movie
Green needs to not let himself get forced out of bounds on that
FAAAAAAAAAAAAAT RAAAAAAAAAAAANDY
NOT READER PLEASE GET UP
Hopefully it's just a cramp.
I’m hoping it’s just a bad cramp
Just put Hubbard at DT hes a bad mf
Taylor just stiff armed him hah
"Wtf happened i made my kid some dinner and everyone is flipping tables?

Edit: thanks! Hopefully just cramps like they said"
Reader thank god
"CRAMPS!!!

Fucking KNEW IT. It looked like cramps all the way."
"Idk why everyone is acting like Taylor is the embarrassingly bad qb, they took him over Rivers, Newton, Dalton, and all the other free agent qbs, he took the Bill's to the playoffs for the first time in forever, sure he's not Aaron Rodgers but he's a starter atm"
"Bates, again. Great game for him"
F word
All good. Let’s get back on O and put up points.
"First real hiccup from the D today.

Gotta step up here, Joey."
LETS GET IT O!
Wait Pink is country music? Wat
This game is giving me big Week 1 2019 vibes
"Ok before we lose our shit, just take a breath. 12 minutes left"
What the fuck is this tackling? Lou needs to go if this continues.
Lmao the Pratt flop
Taylor making sure we don’t have any timeouts at the end of the game
"I like Bynes, wish the defense would feed off his energy"
Good d
Hell to the yes.
That was way too close to a roughing the kicker
I love our defense??
Nice stand by the D
"Chargers are dumb, should’ve just ran it with Kelley.

They deserve this L putting it in Tyrods hands"
We got this boys
Time to do work. Let’s go.
No more timeouts with 6mins left. yikes.
Wow no timeouts.
Burrow has been hit wayyyy too much today
I just want to see the ball in the air...
I keep hearing this coach is a GeNiUs
gotta love a QB who utilizes his TEs
Fuuuuuckkkkkkk
Why. Fucking why.
Unfuckingreal
That was really dumb
FUUUUCK
Why burrow? He was covered like white on rice
Need the d to come up big one more time
"What an absolutely awful decision. That might seal it. Joe, Joeeeeeeeesw."
Just some first game jitters. He is still solid.
we can’t tackle anymore???
Boneheaded play Burrow.
Oh Joe. That's a bad play. His previous few plays were great though
"""Trying to do too much""

Exactly.  Rookie mistake.  I can accept that"
Can’t believe we have a decent run D for the first time in what feels like 5 years
Come on Burrow
"Man... I’m still bummed over Burrow’s decision to shovel that pass... but all things considered, he’s made one boneheaded play today... I’ll take it for a rookie with no preseason games to prepare"
Timeout would be pretty sweet about now. Or two...
"Time to redeem yourself Joe. 

Or just pull an Longest Yard and laser a pass into Bobby Hart's dick."
"Time for Joe to shine, assuming he can overcome only have 4 o lineman"
Big dick joe let’s whip it out!!
This D is fucking great.
We gotta play Thursday and Joe’s takin so much contact
Thats my boy John!
Fuck yes
Nice Ross actually caught something
Cold blooded look on Burrows face then
Joe is starting to lock in on these throws.
A reds win and bengals win??? could it be???
Bears fan checking in to say: LETS GEAUX JOE
My heart can’t take this
Let see if Joe has some 2 minute magic!  I mean how nuts would that be.  A comeback victory in his first start?  How would that be to start the Era!
Chargers should have been called for delay of game there
The ball was already snapped ffs
They got the play off. What the fuck.
Come ON John Ross god damn. He cannot get out of his own way.
"John Ross giveth

John Ross taketh away"
They snapped  the ball before the stop. Why is that always been a rule
Burrow like FUCK IT I'M GOING DEEP
2 blatant delay of games on Chargers. BS
Three delay of games by the CHargers on this drive. cartoonish how long the chargers are holding them down
WE ARE GETTING HOSED BY THE MEN IN STRIPES
BULLSHIT
Do the refs hate us? (New fan)
How many weak fuckin calls you got in those pockets ref
Well that was certainly a Bengals geme
He flopped the fuck out of that push off lol
Fire that fat fuck
Once again these refs fuck us over. What a sell by Hayward too
"this is what happens when you re-sign an out of shape kicker and have half a camp.

what the fuck."
Just unreal.
"Refs fucking hate us, any other high profile team gets that without OPI.
FUCK YOU REFS"
Missing football season is like missing my abusive ex
I would grab my leg too if I screwed up that bad
For fucks sake this should be a W
YOURE KIDDING ME
Lmao why the fuck did I even think they would win this?
of course he gets hurt as he kicks it against no pressure
"Wtf. Okay then. 

Fwiw he pushed off a hold."
"Alexa, play The Sound of Silence"
God. What a great drive. Two terrible plays end it.
Are we not allowed any happiness
"Fire the kicker.

Now.

Before he gets in the locker room.

I'm fucking sick.

Burrow did all that on the last drive for the FUCKING KICKER TO MISS.

FUCK."
God damn. Those Charger uniforms are ugly as fuck.
"Faking an injury after that turd of a kick.

Terrible call on the pi.

Fuck this game"
"I love how he's injured but nobody's actually checking on him, like they don't believe him."
"opi my ass, absolute joke"
"Lmao you got to be kidding me. Refs completely stole this game, as usual."
It is amazing how stupid half of our fan base is
"1. We should have gone for  another play with 7 seconds
2. We snapped the ball before they stopped the play on the John ross “catch” 
3. The refs stole that from us 
4. Fuck the O-line 
5. That’s on zac Taylor, the o-line, and the refs. 

Fuck me"
Remember Burrow is a rookie. He’ll get sacked and throw a dumb int and miss an easy pass and need time to grow.
Fun fact: Burrow gets stronger and more focused each he gets hit.
BLM. Burrows life matters. Save his life in the 2nd half please O line and coaches.
"Bro, that is exactly why we drafted Ross. To make those catches right there, cmon man"
All these people on this sub acting like wanting a W is a sin 😂
[deleted]
Our D is doing everything they can to keep us in this
"Texans fan here. Tough loss, fuck Bullock."
"You guys got robbed. Love, a Jets fan"
"Lets get ready bois.  I will be listening to the radio pretty much all season because of work but hey, dan and lap are pretty good.  #WHODEY!"
Sooo pumped right now!! Who Dey!!
LETS GO BABY
"I'm scared, someone tell me why we'll win"
I’m so fucking nervous
Here’s to hoping Burrow is an instant star!!!!!
As excited for AJ as I am for Burrow! It's been a long time!
I love you all. Fuck the Steelers!
"New era, ladies and gents."
I'm glad they're at least trying to feed Mixon
Very un-Burrow like short incompletion there.
At least our bad attendance can’t be highlighted this year!
[deleted]
Nice hold nice hold
yes go aj go
I seriously do not understand why they would not be airing this game everywhere in Ohio.
Welcome back AJ!!!!!!
Drew sample gonna be the dark horse lol
Oh shit it’s not supposed to go that way
Hate injuries so much. Poor dude
Holy shit poor guy :(
Yes zoom in on the guy crying for those ratings
Same OL
3 chargers get right through our shit line. What a surprise.
Why is everyone sliding and slipping?
Not a good first look for the line
Yeah we shouldn’t be using only 5 OL against that D wtf.
It's ok. As long as we're learning. Learning every play. Learning
Wtf were you all expecting from a rookie on his first two drives? Lmao
The no-line bowl.
I gotta admit that defense is absolutely nasty
I see the o line is still the o line lol
This team cannot draft lineman
"Man, I say this with full offense...

FUCK this offensive line."
Williams is really struggling against bosa
Let the man breathe before I start rioting in my own neighborhood over it
I'm not sure why people expected Burrow to go off. It's his first game. Kid didn't even get to play in preseason like everyone else. Give it time.
Oh yeah...i nearly forgot this offensive line is garbage.
"If overreaction was a sport, y’all are dominating. Relax. Yes the O line has been rough so far. First drives of first game with a new era. Rome wasnt built in a day. With joe’s work ethic we will get there."
Well the D looks good
D looks great though. Solid free agent acquisitions
I don’t know if Burrow tried to force that ball to Ross or Heyward snuffed out that throw.
Burrow has been nice with counts so far
Burrow looking like a vet with these hard counts
Man our defense looks so much more athletic.
CRAZY LEGS!!!
THATS MY MOTHERFUCKING QB!!!!!!
WHAT A PLAY CALL
I’m wet
"FUCK YEAH! Fuck you, whiners!"
Ahhhhhshdhrkwobdjfoejfheoskhruduhshjeoe!!!!!!!!! JB BIG BALLS!!!!!!
BDE JOE!
Omg I'm so hyped!!
Hot damn that was magic.
A FUCKING QB DRAW I LOVE IT
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
GET THE FUCK UPFIELD AND GET A BLOCK TREY
This ain't your mother's bengals no mo
Whoa shit burrow!! Wtf completely unexpected!
That dude is fast. Who would have guessed his first TD would be a QB draw? Great call!
LETS FUCKING GO JOE!
BUUURRRRROOOOOOOWWWWWWWWW
Joe looking like Mixon with the patience on that run
let's FUCKIN GO
Joe to Joe
NUTTTT
I'm going to cry
Wowowowow
SHADES OF CAM NEWTON
TOUCHDOWN!!!
**BIG DICK JOE**
BIG DICK FUCKIN RUN
I'm an eagles fan but holy shit burrow is LEGIT
I LOVE JOE BURROW
Insert That’s My Quarterback meme
Joey B 🤤
LETS GO
That's my qb!!!
Tre’s block is so fun to waych
SHOUTOUT TO SPECIAL TEAMS
Been too focused on the Reds lately for some stupid reason; how does our D look for the year?
What’s the free live stream
Kareem has been giving Bulaga fits.  Did not put that on the list of shit I’d ever say.
I love sam Hubbard
"lol ""ankle injury"" aka if he doesn't get into surgery he's going to lose his leg"
CUT BOBBY HART
Fucking Bobby Hart who woulda thought
Of course it was Hart.
Joe taking some sacks he prolly doesn't need to. I get that this is a really good D
ALL MY HOMIES HATE
"Thanks Bobbie, cant wait still your ass is replaced"
"Dang it, Bobby."
WHY DOES HE STILL PLAY FOR THIS TEAM
Bobby Hart. Has. To go.
I wanna see my man take a deep shot but he doesnt have time
Bobby didn’t even slow him down.. jesus
"I don’t know what’s worse, my stream or our OL"
We have to be able to find someone better than Bobby hart right?
Hey is Fred johnson available? If so I say give him a shot
"Didn’t we draft a tackle 

He could be blind and be better than Bobby shart"
I wanna see joe up in harts face brady style and tell him get his shit together
So not only is Bobby Hart a complete trash human he is a turnstile one the field! PLEASE cut his ass and get someone else in there!
"Jesus, overcoming starting Bobby Hart will be the biggest hurdle of Burrows rookie year. He's consistent garbage, and hopefully it doesn't get Burrow broken"
Rather play with four linemen than play with Bobby Hart
"nice snag, jordan"
Booby Hart is just straight dumb and unconditioned. He had clearly proven he doesn’t give a fuck about his team on and off the field
Weak ass call.
"THE HELL IS HE SUPPOSED TO DO NOT HIT HIM?!?!??!

THE FUCK REFS???"
Gene says good hit. Bad call
That was a totally legal hit. Fucking review that shit. We can review pi but not safety calls
Now it’s the official start of the year as the bengals get a BS penalty
I hate the new NFL 😑
Refball
Lol OK
Bullshit call
Shit call.
Can’t even play football anymore man wtf.
All even now. Actual better since it’s 1st and 20 lol
"Wow, D is really better than last season"
refs failed to gift that TD. nice job d. screw u zebras
"Bengals winning, Reds winning!"
The D is better than expected?
So unnecessary roughness for tackling now?
go Melanie
"if you could change 1 of the 2 things about today's game:  
&nbsp;  
1) covid has the day off and you could attend the game safely.
   
or  
&nbsp;  
2) bobby hart is not starting."
Burrow’s parents can’t watch in Athens because it’s not being shown in Athens.
Brandon Wilson is such a good returner.
It doesn’t even matter if it’s Joey or anyone else. Bobby couldn’t block my grandma
"Is anyone else really sick of Ben Baby? The dude acts like he hates the bengals.


https://twitter.com/Ben_Baby/status/1305253123955527680?s=20"
"If I was as shit at my job as Hart is at his, id get fired within my first hour."
Pratt is everywhere
Where did we get Pratt from? He’s stout
"We are winning this game, but it definitely doesn't feel like it."
[deleted]
GOOD STOP
NOO SIRRRRR!!! Shout out DJ READER boyyyyyyyyy
The D is actually bending and not breaking. This is solid thus far.
Hart just got beat s bad again
"Can we start having Jonah follow Bosa. Bosa goes left, so does Jonah. Bosa goes right, here comes Jonah."
I mean it's pretty obvious that Bengals can only throw two or three step back throws. So just call plays for that.
The rush gets there in 1 second. WHAT THE FUCK
"Even when he isn’t committing penalties and allowing sacks, he’s allowing pressures. Bench him."
"Hey look, more pressure! Offense is a mess."
Hart is hot garbage
Are you fucking kidding me.
Fuck you Bobby
Not to say it again but FUCK FUCK FUCKKKKK Bobby hart
Bobby Hart
It’s actually hurting me inside watching how much their o line has failed burrow
Mother of pearl
#can geno play RT?
Lol this is almost comical watching this RT. Like he literally just let the man he lined up in front of right right by him while just standing there looking lost. How the fuck has he not been benched after being single handedly responsible for letting Burrow get blown up like 5 times already this half. Burrow has zero time to even read the defense post snap because he's instantly getting slaughtered from his right side.
Bobby hart cannot come out at the second half
"Literally anyone could do a better job, he’s NOT EVEN TRYING TO PUT HIMSELF IN FRONT OF BOSA"
Darius Phillips and Bobby Shart r fucking liabilities
Hart aint smart
"On a positive note, jonah William's isnt shit"
Defense has played well considering how much they were on the field. Bobby Hart may actually wish death upon Joe. We're not going to do anything if this line isn't addressed.
Underwhelming first half. I think there were about 2 exciting plays on offense. Maybe 1. At least the D looks good.
Hart is a human turnstile
This is making me sad
Bucs and Bengals having the same problems right now
"STORM PBS!

HART DEFINITELY CAN'T BLOCK ALL OF US!"
"Fuck, I'm drunk."
FAT RANDY
Damn it. I saw hart on the sideline
Classic arm tackle for 25 yard gain
Another great field position start.
How are we winning lmao
The ball was attracted to Joe's big dick energy and went wide right
Can Bosa just maybe sit out one play.
If I don’t see a TE with Hart every fucking down then this coaching is dumb as fuck
Burrow looks more motivated to block than Hart
What a throw!!
How did he not get that
glad to see Burrow take a shot finally! :)
Jesus what a beautiful ball
You guys still holding out hope for John Ross huh
Ross blows God damn
OMG ROSS. That would have been a GORGEOUS TD.
AJ is still elite
Fuck he was so open Joe
It’s a shame cause Ross is a god in Madden
What happened there? Miscommunication on where AJ would be?
"Yeah, if you overshoot AJ Green, you REALLY overshot it."
I get scared every time I see Green make a play.
Fuck 2 easy ones. Good shit fat randy.
That one hurts
"Both of those deep balls were well thrown. Ross should have caught that. That was perfectly placed.

He overthrew AJ slightly, but that's one you normally think AJ gets to...it does seem like he's lost a step - though that's on the QB to know that."
"FAT RANDY, LETS FREAKING GO"
Alright a drop and a overthrow. Rookie mistakes there. Gotta remember that those were his first two deep throws. He’s got some time now so let’s hope it improves on the next drive.
Come on turnover
AJ looked like he had cement in his shoes
Jessie Bates wants a int
They are coming around the 2nd half with that comes the signs of lack of a solid training camp and preseason games.
Bynes is a beast.
I love this defense
JESSIE!!
"Prayers out for Mike Williams, he's concussed"
Williams trying to get a flag
THERES OUR #83
beautiful zip
Good throw
DONT TRY TO RUN OUT THE CLOCK WHEN WE ARE ONLY UP BY 4 IN THE 3RD QUARTER.
OL injuries are going to hurt.
I like the timeout for some reason lol
Look at that GUT.
WOAH FAT RANDY. BRAMBLEJAM
Can't wait for all of us to turn on Randy when he misses one.
"AJ is limping and that was a low key terrible route. He ran himself out of bounds and even if he came down with it, it would have been illegal touching.

And this play calling is awful. Taking a shot on 3rd and 2? What are we thinking."
"I’m loving bullocks accuracy, but he didn’t do a single crunch during quarantine."
He got himself on the cart boys.  First game jitters I hope.
"This is a serious question, has our S&C staff changed since the year when we had like 20 dudes out by the end of the season?"
I need a turnover. Please God.
Defense starting to look leaky. Burrow needs to get the engine rolling ASAP.
Reader just has muscle cramps
Freaking STOP THEM!!
Fuck
Fuck
Damn as soon as DJ went out they started to run all over us
Why is everyone always wide open vs us? Wtf!
Alright it’s mf burrow time. He’s about to whip his dick out and show everyone how big it really is
With only 13 points on the board you really can’t blame the D...
Good god.
Since when does Mixon fumble
Haha fuck this offensive line. Hopkins caused that.
What effort is that lol
Our tackling is trash
"Man, D is tired"
"Poor Mixon, man.


You can tell he’s beating himself up mentally rn."
The run defense still bad
I’m having PTSD to last years opener
Why though
[deleted]
Okay.  Let's go D.  Need a stop
Josh Bynes was a good pickup lord we have run defense again!!!
Alright good stop d. Let's see if Joe can do his thing now
bengals D in this game. pretty damned solid all things considered
Huge stop by the defense. Let's go Bureaux.
Now we just gotta put together the first complete drive of the game.
That shot on the bridge was nice
Thank God they didn't call us for roughing the kicker
"Regardless of outcome, this team looks miles better than last year"
At least we have a QB now who doesn’t have tunnel vision and only has his eyes on ONE target
4 wrs with time and no one open..
"Joe Burrow, the ancient and foretold Bengal Tiger, the one foretold to come after the red rifle, will lead us out of the misty mountains and into the valley of victory!!!"
Dalton would’ve taken a sack there
If Burrow tries to win this game by himself he's going to get hurt
That is a sack 100% of the time for dalton
WHY TAKE A TO HERE
zero protection
BIG DICK BURROW
Vintage Marvin tho
Error 404: Time Management Not Found
We're running the Marvin Lewis Timeout Package this season?
Fucking bobby hart again.
"No Joe, no"
Couldve tied it at the minimum:(
Bro what was that
That really took the wind out of my sails.
NFL IS SOFT
"Definition of a rookie mistake! Risk vs Reward, risk being the game reward being a 1yd pass. OUCH! But that's OK! He will learn from this! Let's go defense!!"
Is that really a penalty though
I hate football
Gotta cut the shovel passes out. Was starting to get into a rhythm. Rookie mistake.
He lowered so he could get below the helmet there was nothing he could do.
I’ve never seen that before
Burrow gets one more chance.
ONE MORE TRY FOR JOE!
Smoke em if you got em boys
Defense keeps earning their paychecks
TIME TO SEE WHAT JOE’s MADE OF.
Who’s the idiot that said he “just can’t see why people are saying the d is playing well” somebody slap his dumb ass
Fuck it run the qb draw every play lol
"We are in it with 3 mins left, thats all you can ask for"
"It’s an entertainment league, Burrow is now set to get a comeback victory in his first start and I couldn’t be more happier"
Joe Burrow statement drive here
Good hit stick by boyd
"Ross comes thru he jumps and stretches  

there is hope for him"
Ross did a thing?
"Come on, Joe! Make me believe!"
Did Ross just get hurt?
Great throw
LETS GO!
I hope you fuckers prayed
CAPTAIN GIO :3
Ross giveth then taketh away
Ross giveth and Ross taketh away
THEY GOT THE PLAY OFF!!!!
Bruh what we snapped. Gtfoooo
That is ACTUAL FUCKING HORSEHIT
That's bs you can't call it after the snap
See if someone will take John Ross for an o lineman
"That's a late fucking whistle. 

Also Ross you piece of shit catch the ball."
"Whattttt
Incomplete absolutely but oh my goodness how do you blow the play dead after the snap like that"
Why can’t John Ross catch a fucking ball
Ross giveth Ross taketh away
The ball was snapped
We snapped the fucking ball...ffs refs
"Oh come on they got the play off, that's horseshit."
fu refs and your bs agenda. they snapped that before the whistle
They got the snap off. This is absolute nonsense.
atta boyd
BOYD!!!
Let's get a td!
[deleted]
I’m so fucking scared man
"honestly fck the refs. missed calls, and now they’re just letting the chargers dbs stay on top of mike and cj"
Burrow looking like a veteran out here
These refs have been so biased to the chargers and it’s not even close. Fucking delay of game Jesus Christ
Burrow is a better play caller than Taylor.
How about the refs do their fucking jobs and throw delay of game flags on the defense?
THATS A TD!!!
FUC THE REFS
"Oh come on, that’s within 5 yards."
Trash call but at least a runoff didnt end the game
And you wonder why there’s so many pessimists?
See you guys in hell
Experience bengals football
Happy for you bengals fans. You got yourselves a QB.
Thats so bengals
We got fucked
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Well if he’s hurt maybe we can find a decent kicker
Fuck him...cut his ass cut bobbys ass
Bullshit
Existence is pain
Fuck no let joe drag his dick across the goal line
Ahhh Bengals......
Fuck this refs
Nope he's fat Randy.
Fuck that’s his fault for being so fat
"Release bullock,  ill help you throw his fucking assort of the stadium"
I knew kicking the field goal was a bad idea. Fml
"Welcome to Cincinnati, Joe!"
Welp.
Why god
Vegas didn’t want us to win
dOnT cALl HiM fAt RaNdY aNyMoRe
Allen did the exact same thing earlier in this game
"Burrow is good, but the Bengals are just...the Bengals and they are amazing at finding a way to lose. 

I’ve been looking forward to this game since he was drafted, but bad game management, a shit O line, fumbles and a bad kicker are a lot to overcome. 

Every game has bad Ref calls. You can’t blame that."
[deleted]
"Oooof. Burrow ain't in Baton Rouge anymore.

Gonna be a rough season boys. This OL is still trash."
"Geez, what are you guys crucifying the Bengals after 1 quarter."
I’m honestly surprised Burrow’s leg hasn’t fallen off yet
Bobby Hart sucks. OMG
How do you let Tyrod Taylor bitch you like that
"Welp, we were bound to crack at some point.  Time for Joe to use his leadership and poise to respond."
Goddamnit Hubbard why the fuck did you have to get stiffarmed
Man y’all lose hope so quickly
That play he just made probably would have worked out at LSU. He’s adjusting to the NFL. Expect him to go home and work and learn from it. It’s game 1.
NFL officiating is making it so difficult to continue being a fan.
"Theory:  Burrow threw the INT on purpose because a last minute walkoff win is a better story for his 1st.

Tin foil hat:  NFL is in on it"
Is John Ross the most disappointing pick in Bengals History?
Cut bullock
How the fuck is that not a TD?! Y’all got robbed
Hahahahaha.  That’s hilarious. Bullock won’t be a bengal tonight.
We can all agree on the defense is better. I'm okay with this loss.
That was such shit. Green pushed off of a hold too.
"Fuck, what a Bengals way to lose. Fml"
Everyone stop acting like we’re down now it’s tied holy moly
Lol Pratt with the LBJ impression
TD BURROWWOIPAOWUE(OU!(\*@U!\*(
Bobby Hart vs Joey Boso is like a baby giraffe vs a fricken lion man
"Cincinnati Bengals used **HARD COUNT**!

*It hurt itself in it’s confusion!*"
Sam Hubbard HAS to make that fucking play. He has to. FUCK.
Its only the first game. ITS TIED. Why are we acting like we are going to lose already? Our team looks a lot better than last year especially the defense
Cut out the fake crowd noise... so cringe.
No timeouts left with 6:22 left in the game... what the fuck
See u thursday
Shit happens. He’s a rookie starting his first game.
Call the fucking delays. This isn't WWE.
Burrow is a straight baller. Hell yeah baby!
Chargers MVP: Refs
They have to cut him. Jesus Christ they need to start holding people accountable
"New year, same fuckwits."
There's 11 fucking minutes left what is wrong with you dorks bitching like we've already lost?
The NFL just stole a game from us.
"I’m in Columbus Ohio, is there a reason this isn’t on CBS FOR ME?!!?! 

Edit: I have Hulu if that makes a difference?"
Chargers fan here. I have my LSU koozie on my beer rn so I hope Joe Burrow works out for you guys... just not today. Here's to no injuries and a good game!
"Welllllll I’m nervous, buds"
Fuck yeah we got Harlen
That plexiglass serving no purpose as they are standing taller than it lol
Those Charger unis are slick...
"Joe time!!  Very excited to see this next chapter. I'm excited. I feel like the players are excited and Joe is legitimately a good player. Having said that, I perfectly prepared for a 5 win season. This will be a learning year. Geax Jeax!"
"I like Kevin Harlan, glad we got him calling the game."
One pass one completion baby
"3 and out, Burrow is a bust \s"
"Let's go Burrow! 

And FUCK Bobby Hart."
"It’s fine, first drive get those jitters out"
That's Bengals football right there
BrInG back AnDy...
I've not much faith in the offense but let's see this Defense baby!
Huber maintaining his MVP status
Pretty sure my stream is way behind.
why is keenan allen left wide open
We actually stopped the run and got them on 3 & out the second time around. Daddy likey.
DJ is going to be a big big player
Coach Taylor with the non-chalant one handed grab
Aj green!!!
9 to 18 first downs all DEY!
Chargers picking up that 3rd down blitz with ease. Im glad Taylor got nervous and rushed the throw.
That foot looked sideways ...
Holy fuck that leg
OW
Mixon is such a beast. LMAO of course that was Vigil who he drug for 5 yards
Oh hey Nick is on the chargers.
"damn, major injury already.  that sucks."
That sucks. Going back to notre dame he has always had huge injury issues
You really hate to see someone get injured in Week 1.
Man o man my heart goes out
That sucks man. Never want to see a guy get hurt
The sadness evident
"With COVID and injuries like that, I'm afraid for this year"
Injuries have hurt this team so much literally every play I'm like oh no did he get hurt?
I’m hoping defense shuts them down and we see a nice drive down the field with a score.
What a fucking blitz. Beautiful
Im really happy with Burrow. Made some mistakes but that was somewhat expected. The Nfl is A LOT faster than college
Mackenzie is going to prove to be a big acquisition. Book it. Love to see the FO spending money on that Defense
O line doing zero favors
"Although it was expected the chargers would get pressure, and we would have a bad o line, it looks worse than I expected"
Fucking O Line
"Fuck, this Bengals line is even more trash than I remember."
Play calling is trying to cater to the shit oline and they still can't hold a block. Christ they suck
I forgot how bad our line is
This is rough
I'm going to reserve judgement on the line for now. The Chargers defensive front is really really good.
Like the violence some of our defenders are playing with
"Oh hey look our OL is still garbage, who'd a thunk it."
D is playing great.  O line needs big help.
Our D looks considerably more stout against the run. Thus far I'm  really impressed with Pratt and Wilson.
Defense looking GREAT somehow
"On the plus side, our run defense looks much improved, though I know it's early.

And that's without Geno too."
is it just me or is the pipeed in crowd noise silly.  Just let us hear the players and the hits if there are no fans.
Defense is playing well at least
Defense looking good! Let’s get some good field position and a TD
"Hahaha, are they really showing bull riding instead of the Bengals game in Columbus again? What a fucking joke. 2nd year in a row."
Damn this D is making me think Mike Zimmer is back.
D looks much better
"Lapham just yelling ""Oh!"" during plays so I don't even know what happened 😂"
NICEEE JOE
Hard count bitches!!!
Yay bengals!! Go joe go!
Joe is quickly learning the old bengals mantra: just throw the ba to AJ.
WHAT THE FUUUUUUUUCK
TOUCHDOWN JOE BURROW
JOE BURROW
Let’s gooooooooo
LETS GOOOO
Crazy Legs Joey
We will be fucking champions this year! Fuck yeah.
LFGGGGGG
OH MY GOD
SIJSBSBDVSOAOAOAOSKSBSVDBE DJSOSOKSNSBSBSBSBSBSBSKZOZKSKSJ
JOOEOOEEYEYEYYEYE BURRRROOQOWOQOQOQOOQOQ
"Achievement Unlocked: 

Original Thinking"
Mother fucking yes.. yes yes y3s
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
Heck yeah
BURROW BENGALS BABY!!
Touchdown Joey Burrow!
JOEY B!!!
HOLY SHIT!!! I HAVE GOOSEBUMPS ALL OVER! Burrows a bad man!!!
THE SECOND COMING OF CHRIST
"RB3 Joe Burrow, look at the patience"
That right there is pure football IQ that Andy Dalton never had.
YOOOOOOOOOOO BURROWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW WHO DEYYYYYYY
MY FUCKING QB
IS O LINE WAKING UP!?
What a perfect play call and great patience by Burrow to let the blocks get set before taking off
Speed
"What a run, great delay waiting for the block then boom taking it home, quality touchdown."
Burrow 😍
great coverage
Jim Plunkett lookin like an ABSOLUTE UNIT
i like logan
Lamar Jackson who?
"Maybe its Su’a-filo, maybe its maybelline"
I knew Wilson was going to be an absolute stud. Making plays on special teams too man I hope our D stays looking sharp I’m loving this shit
Lawson bringing down the house
sacked lunch
Do the chargers go for FG?
Push off?
"Lets go, Lapham literally screaming on that play!!!"
Sam Hubbard is the man
DONT DISRESPECT OUR DEFENSE
Broken tie rod
Tyrod lol
Mario Kart banana peel moment
Hubbard can't be fooled
Hubbard is special. I like him.
Super Mar-Gio!
:3
:3
Goddammit Bobby
:{3
Shitty oline strikes again
Fuck you Bobby
Classic Bobby
"Man, Joe is so quick for a big dude."
God damn it bobby
Joe Burrows hard count is exceptional.
Bobby Fart
Hart needs help. Jesus Christ
I would trade every one of our picks in the 2021 draft to get a competent right tackle
"Frustrating that we cant watch Burrow actually play due to our O-line, and even more frustrating is that we didnt even address the O line this offseason"
Bobby Shart is so fucking bad
Burrows TD brought me to tears. Our savior has arrived
"Whatever they’re paying Bobby, I’ll take a fraction of it.. I can allow Burrow to get murdered on the field"
Week one ol Bobby has to handle joey bosa. This was definitely going to happen
JOSH BYNES
So happy to see that they finally coached our LBs on how to tackle
"I cannot be convinced that Bobby Hart would be able to win a job in the CFL. I don’t think he would start on any top 10 CFB teams, maybe more. It’s fucking insane he has a starting NFL job."
"ADG, Pratt, Bynes and Wilson all look really solid"
that’s shoulder to shoulder...
Iffy call
How the fuck is that a penalty
#BULLSHIT
How the fuck is that unnecessary roughness? Fuck the refs...
There’s the give back
That’s some ass calling
Absolute dogshit flag.
WHAT THE FUCK HE LITERALLY TACKLED WITH HIS SHOULDER
Its the nfl not soccer youre allowed to hit the person with the ball
Kind of a make up call I guess lol
Make up call
looked like clean but hard hit from my lazy boy
So i guess he's supposed to to not hit him and let him score. Gotcha refs
Oh Jesus here we go again
**Hope they pump in booing fan noise lmao**
Wow that was bull shit
Defense looking solid
So if you don't cut and fold the pizza it's a different thing? TIL.
dayum melanie
Really can’t put Joe’s parents in a suite or something.
Where's the flag for that hit?
Joe burrow has the best hard count in football!! lolol
I want to cry
Can we get our second round pick blocking tight end to block their best player please
Joe is getting fucked up.  And it’s a bullet point for the Chargers.   They want to draw some penalties hitting Joe hard.
Run defense looking decent
"bobby hart blocks just as many people while the bengals defense is on the field, as he does while the bengals offense is on the field.."
I LIKE JOSH BYNES.
Our LB core is a strength so far. Loving Pratt and Bynes today.
What?!  Where was the hold?!?!?
"I was just remembering the other day how upset I was they didn't take an offensive lineman with the 2nd round pick, and took Higgins, like the desperate need for o line they have they took a wr who is barely in their rotation, they could easily resign Green and negotiate to resign Ross, it doesn't make sense"
Bynes has been playing very well
fuck the opp
I’m at a loss for words.. lol
stuffed em
Lmao did we really stop that
He got stuffed. I think this is turnover on downs.
That’s a generous spot as well
Oh COME THE FUCK ON CJ
uzo has the rookie jitters.. uh..
Even a field goal will be such a W right here. Let's move the ball Joe
Usain Bolt couldn't get into the backfield any quicker that the Chargers D line.
I knew our O-Line would be bad but jeez
I would rather have a melted ice cream cone at tackle right now.
It’s hilarious to see the left side of the field always bunches up and blocking but the right side is like a free for all for whoever wants to run through and take a shot
This line is comically bad
"Pretty sad the fans scream all summer that we didn’t do enough at line and the front office couldn’t see it. You fans that said trust the pros, they are smarter than us...no they aren’t, we are not protecting are most valuable asset"
"Damn, AJ was being held too..."
OL is literally swiss cheese atm
Can we bring Willie Anderson out of retirement?
They were so confident in the offensive line during the off-season. Clearly the decision makers here are to blame the most. Zero attempt to improve o line
Hart don't wanna be great
Is Boyd playing?
This game is a snooze fest so far
I gotta say that r defense looks a lot better
We have actual linebackers you guys.
Damn it...
Big third down coming
WIDE RIGHT
Phew
LIMP
Short field let’s get something here
Juuuuuuuuuuuuuuuust a bit outside.
Okay let’s get a Higgins sighting please
Aj I've missed you
I’m so happy to see AJ out there.
Damn Green is an amazing specimen
Ross has to catch that
oh you have to be kidding me. how did Ross not go for that?
Oh come on Ross. We needed that.
"That pass was perfect, sad Ross missed it."
HES GOT TIME
When did Kenneth from 30 rock start announcing football?
Joe is overthrowing a little
"Oh no, AJ please...."
Fat Randy!!!
Jamarr chase catches that ball
fAt RaNdY
F A T R A N D Y D N A R T A F
Fucking gunshot going off when Randy kicks it
SVELTE RANDY for 50!
need to target tee boyd and tate more
I love Jessie
Bates is looking good
Alright. Let’s see Burrow get some time and eat up this Defense.
This defense paired with that O line will have us in a lot of one-possession games this season.
Anyone know how burrows guy justin jefferson done today?  Seeing comments about tee made me wonder
Has Pratt put his mouthpiece in once yet? Not the smartest move my dude.
D/ST looking just fine so far.
Jordan seems to be be decent too
atta boyd
Offensive yardage looking like 4 minute quarters in madden
shoot not a lineman
big dick burrow
Love it. Game one. Offensive line injuries. Fuck.
BURROW LOOOKING GOOD
Nice catch Aj
His throw is just so sexy
Getting a rhythm.
Damn nice looking play action there
[deleted]
Randy is my Game MVP so far
"Man, by analytics Fat Randy is one of the best inside 50, but some of his makes are genuinely scary."
Remember when Fat Randy was horrible dudes reliable as hell now
[deleted]
"His leg isn’t huge but Bullock is so consistent, dude can stick around as long as he wants imo"
Not DJ
Oh great Reader is down.
"""slippery as a rain drop""


lol"
FUCK
Well....shit.
thank god it doesn’t look horrible. hope he’s okay!!! 🙏
I’m just gonna assume he’s gonna be ok and they didn’t want to have to carry him off the field
Tackle !!!!!
Taylor just fucking stiff armed Hubbard.
Just going in for a IV
*oh thank god it’s just a cramp*
CRAMP
Cramps 😁
Lets hold them here please
I hate having hope
"I like that Burrow isn’t afraid to push it deep. That’s a great sign, imo. Hopefully he can connect on this upcoming drive."
Chipotle doesn't have freezers
F word
"Damn, mixon's first fumble in years did not come at a good time."
Of course it’s vigil
Say he never fumbles one more time!!! Fuck!!
That’ll do it
"Not great boys, not great."
Had him for a 1 yard loss and he goes for 8
#PTSD
What is Jackson doing
"Second year in a row we've had a close, down-to-the-wire Week 1 opener."
Bynes is a BEAST.
Terrible time out
Bynes is an absolute STUD
Bynes having a game today at least
What is this timeout?
NICE
THANK YOU
Secondary is looking stingy this year
Well at least we've improved our red zone D.
"Is there a stat for the effectiveness of timeouts used by teams? I feel like we have always made terrible use of our timeouts, going back to the marvin lewis days."
Bates the new earl thomas 🙃
Do we panic yet?
"I started to feel ""same ole Bengals"" with injuries & turnover by Mixon BUT that defense responded like a champ! Who Dey!"
Joe out here making moves
Wtf zac
That timeout was for burrow
Big play after the last time out
these 4th quarter first downs just hit different
UZOMAH!
Smfh
What a horrible play.
"Should've threw that away, Burrow."
That was really fucking bad
"damn...got hit with the rookie shit lol them shovels haven't worked all day

he'll be alright though. I like what i've seen so far"
"Damn. I love him, but he’s trying to do too much."
First game jitters I wouldn’t read too much into it
"Bro as soon as Joe did that you can see on his face he's thinking ""shit that was a really dumb thing to do."""
Does literally every rookie QB throw that pitch-pass INT in their first game?
What a stupid hit
Lap is fired up about this flag.
Fucks sakes
Well that was stupid
"Oh no, baby. What is you doing?"
self implode time
"Welp, our oline is still shit and causing issues. Hart needs to go, take the hit and be done."
he lowered his head into the hit.
NICE STOP
STUFFED.
Our defense is a huge bright spot no matter what happens today
Would sure like a couple of time outs about now
Jessie Bates can't catch a fucking break dude
God we always get fucked by the refs
Thats so damn stupid rules fuck the defender every single time.
Just me or has Pratt been making some great plays all day? He in Genos spot?
How long are we going to give Zac to figure things out? His playcalling and clock management are atrocious.
Their punter has a leg
What the actual fuck was that call.
"Just work the short game, we have plenty of time.  Dont let the chargers have it back unless we score a TD"
Here we go boys/girls! Burrow Time
ATTABOYD
Great catch ross!!
Let's go Bengals!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
BIG D!!
Such a nice throw
https://i.redd.it/u34u2v3ctd231.jpg
"Joey
Joey
Joey Fuckin Burrow
Who Dey!"
"he's been given time.  Not all the time, but occasionally."
"Wow! Ross did something good!! Those are pretty few and far between, but I’ll take it! I’m not sure if you guys have heard, but he’s really fast!"
Mixon for the game winning touchdown. No bias here
chargers are playing zone.  trying to take away the pass.  giving joe more time.   I like it
fcking john ross
Can he lead a game winning drive here?
Welp not a huge loss at least
Good run gio
"Ross is like the grim reaper. We forget that he exists, but he always comes back every once and a while"
Ross making up for the penalty
damn ross does giveth and taketh
That's fucking bullshit!!!
They got it off fuck that
That's b*******
God John ross. WTF
Bruh that is freaking garbage
"#BULLSHIT

Bring the bottles a la the Browns

Oh wait... No fans"
Ross making sure to do everything he can to fuck up this drive
A late stoppage wow
Refs trying to fuck us
Let's go Joe
love me some boyd
"Terrible officiating. They got the play off.

And Ross is just bad."
Fuck these refs the ball was already hiked.
MIKE THOMAS
Boyd rushing to spot the ball made my dick so hard. Love Boyd
Best michael thomas in the league
Omg I'm gonna have a heart attack
Cowboys fan here - holy shit did you guys win big with Burrow. He looks amazing.
JOEY B!!!!!! SHOWING POISE!
They're literally holding our guys down. That's illegal
Yo I'm competitive but these dbs lying on top of receivers is bullshit
Cardiac Cats are back
Wtf?!?!?!?!?!?!? That's a td!!!
Fuck these refs. They call us for everything and nothing on the chargers
These refs are shit
"Nice flop, pussy"
"the refs have been fucking terrible. No other team in the league, let alone a SUPERSTAR WR would have gotten that call"
Cut that fat fucker right now
Rough way to go down
"#NOOOOOOOOOOOO 

That was such a good catch too."
Ref's plan
Unreal
Fuck job
Wow. Wowowowowowow.
Fucking robbed
Bullshit. Hayward sold that shit. That should be game.
Horrible call.
Classic bengals
Fuck randy Bullock this is a joke
Wow Randy wow.
Not even fucking close
Lmaoooooo that was sick
Yeah we’re cursed. It’s confirmed.
The Bengals being Bengals
Lmao idk what to do rn I’m in shock
Fuck this
Wow. That’s all I’m going to say. Wow.
Fucking randy
 Sweet Jesus....we *had* this game!!.....
FUCKKKKKKKKKKK
Great drive by Joe though
This is the way
"AUSTIN MACGINNES BOYS, please give him a call"
"On the positive note, I think bengals is gonna beat the browns. Baker is absolutely broken and that browns defense is Swiss cheese"
Time for Nugent to come back
"That is probably the saddest, yet very optimistic, ending we could have had, it could have been the most epic ending - Burrow to Green td on a game winning drive, then missing that short kick so badly, I don't even know if that's a pi or if he flopped so hard, he didn't even need to push off if he did lol. But we to see that tho the offense is very raw, we got to see good shit and a glimpse of hope"
"Bobby Hart bad


I’ll take my upvotes, now."
Y’all need to chill
"Fuck you Randy. Fuck you Taylor. Fuck this front office. 

Sorry Burrow."
Gene Steratore is a bootlicker. No way in hell was that offensive PA
[deleted]
Yo something's up with AJ
By far some of the most biased reffing I’ve seen. Almost competes with some Steelers games.
Is the turf shit or something? Why so much sliding?
Burrow has 2 seconds to get rid of the ball at best before the inept front line lets the chargers to the qb.
Thats not taunting???
"God, the Chargers are so boring to watch. I wish the Bengals could be on offense this entire game just to watch Joe Burrow play."
Bro I'm so hyped for this team and I know we are far from a competitive team but I am hyped to go through this journey with all of yall. #WHODEY
Probably will get down voted for this but Aj has lost a step...
It’s understandable but holy shit this is the most pessimistic thread ever hahah
this is the Bengals I know...
"Yeah, that sucks but the stop gives us momentum imo.  Get past last drive and go out there and execute with some fire."
Hoe still has a lot to learn
Take us home Burrow.
My heart. Is racing.
"Holy shit, I don’t necessarily care if we win, that was a wonderful drive to get down there for a rookie. Even more impressive since he didn’t have a preseason."
SHUT THE FUCK UP KEVIN HARLIN YOU ARE SO FUCKING ANNOYING
Am I actually a fan of this team?!?! Hahahahahaha
Lions fan here. Welcome to the club
That’s the I suck injury
Very Bengals way to lose the game but Joe Burrow... he's good yall
John Ross absolutely sucks ass at playing football. One of the worst couple players on the team
Ahh the negativity and couch coaches are back! Welcome to Football Season
Hot take but I feel like maybe we should trade AJ for a right tackle
"I vote we stop calling him fat randy, the Steelers came up with that shit nickname and he's been solid as hell for us. He's not even really fat, what about ""big randy""?"
So fucking sick of Ross. He shouldn’t even be in the league
Terrible call by the refs. You never leave it up to the kicker. Kickers are terrible. Get rid of him. Good thing he pulled something.
"BREAKING: ""Joe Burrow opts out of season, demands trade."""
I can’t believe we are still using fat Randy. How many times are we going to let him fuck us.
Bobby Hart should have been aborted
Introducing...[Captain Joseph Burrow](https://twitter.com/captjoeburrow/status/1305214048993239042?s=21)
Chargers jerseys are ugly
FUCKING E-RECT!
I just want to say that I love game threads with y’all. It’s so great to have Bengals football back!
"And the trademark unnecessary timeout

Midseason form already"
"I know it’s the chargers, but is that a large enough sample size to start getting fucking pumped about this d?"
bobby hart is useless.
How do you not throw the flag on the hit on Burrow when he doesn’t have the ball?!? Is that legal??
Will the coaches fucking adjust and put a TE to block Bosa so Hart isn’t doing it alone. Clearly he fucking sucks
Zac Taylor is proof that having an offensive coach doesn't mean they'll be aggressive on offense.
Boyd had ZERO targets in the first half. We need to run the ball more and hopefully give Joe at least an extra half second to survey the field and run some PA.
Billy price oh no
Is this just precautionary with the cart?
"I know things look bleak but let's look at the positives y'all. The defense looks great, and the Chargers defensive line is no joke. Also, Burrow has done an admirable job considering the lack of on-field time he had this off-season."
LETS GO BIG DICK BURROW LEAD US TO THE PROMISED LAND
Marvin Lewis clock management bullshit
No timeouts with 6 min left in the 4th. Is Marvin Lewis behind one of the masks on the sideline?
If a guy lowers his head to take a hit how is that on both players?
officials are sorry
That call was well after the snap. The NFL is fixed.
Atleast Burrow looks promising. Right?
And that ladies and gentleman...was Cincinnati Football!
"Same OL, same results. I’m sure Burrow will be great, but I’m telling ya — the problem was never Dalton."
The Bengals will win the AFC north
If you don't recognize that look on burrows face. He knows he's fucked with this team.
#WHOOOOOOOOOODEYYYYYYYYYY
I can't fucking believe its actually happening.
We're still 20 mins to kickoff and I'm already exhausted
I'm very excited
New season. New hope. Let's go boys! Oh and FTS!
Who Dey
no bengals on sport surge hope it pops up soon
"We got this one, the Burrow era begins!"
"Nervous yet pumped as shit to get this new dey rolling! We've waited a long ass time for this one boys! 

WHO DEY BABY"
So damn excited.
Can't watch as there's no TVs in quarantine on Ft Bliss.  It's a sad day
It’s Christmas!!!!
I am so. damn. excited. Ahhhh!
Where can I find a live stream?
LET'S GO!!
"Let's Go Baby, Who mother fuckin Dey."
Fuckin eh if cbs really shows 40 minutes of (TBA) and then bull riding instead of the game I will riot
Here comes Joe
GEAUX JEAUX
OMG let's go!!
Let’s get it
JOE SQUARED
Ah shit ball first let's go!!
Cmon Joe!
That wasn’t a greeeeat pass
JOE BURROW
LET’S GO D
Everyone just gave some patience if today is rough. Don’t go off the deep end like Cleveland right now
Ehhhh
WHO DEY
I’d really enjoy a stop
Damn he almost had that in
let's fuckin gooooooooooo
what an athletic play but he was out
Pass rush looking okay so far. Time for drive #2
Are we doing it right?
"Insert Ron paul ""it's happening"" gif"
#BOOT!
Is that Bosa?
How the fuck do you watch this cbs won’t switch to the game
There we go
Lets go big Drew
It says the game is on CBS but I don't see it. Is it not available in Columbus?
Who’s 49 on the chargers
Horrible break 4 minutes into the season. Shit luck.
"poor fucking dude, hope he recovers well"
Fuck that looked bad. Hope he comes back stronger you hate to see it.
EAT IT NICK VIGIL
"Oh man, watching his face is worse than watching the replay of the injury, heartbreaking"
I forgot that Vigil was on the chargers
"oh man jonah and everybody got beat bad there

i mean bosa is awesome and all but damn"
I always kinda liked Vigil
Nice run
Bobby Hart being pushed way the fuck back led to that
Reminds me of Tyler’s breakdown when he got taken off the field...
Turf already causing problems. Time to change spikes
The line isn’t looking good early on in pass situations.
Ooof. Jonah got cooked right there.
Sloppy game so far but that’s to be expected
Did Kevin Harlan almost slip up and call her Carrie Underwear?
3rd and 20? Let’s throw it to the sideline on the line of scrimmage and gain 1 yard
Tie rod got rocked
What a defensive stand!!! God damn I am hyped.
I thought they were gonna call a roughing the passer because...NFL. I would've lost it.
"Ad execs be like. ""Teens are getting high and drunk, lets make our ads seem like they were made by drunk and high people....and then we can print the fucking dollars!"""
Fuck me
Sloppy sloppy sloppy
One is like we worried it would be.
What is this stupid ass offense?
i know the chargers have a great d line but oh man they are killing our o line
Damn this really isn’t LSU
Joe isn’t getting any help from the offensive line
O line is TRASHHHH
This O line... yikes
"woooo this O-Line is Tridididiaaaaassshhhh

Burrow can't keep doing these crazy shovel passes either though lol."
My god this OL is a joke
Ugly possession
Kevin Huber is chill as always
Huber bringing it today
Put in Adeniji
Missed the first 2 drives but if that past drive was any indication... the o line is not good.
Fuck our O Line got worse some how
Our defense looking decent tho
Damn that was good D. Some nice field position likely coming. Let’s move the chains!
"On the plus side, the defense looks refreshingly average"
Fuuuuuuuck yes
burrow might have a rough year behind that o line. D looks good though
ALMOST BLOCKED ❗️❗️❗️🚨
Our defense is BALLING rn. We need to give burrow more time
Damn our D is fucking hungry!
"This has pretty sad

E. I was wrong"
We’re at least winning the field position game lol
"We gotta get a first down, defense needs some rest"
"Defense looking good so far, offensive line hasnt even given us a chance to see how Burrow is. Come the fuck on"
Heyward fucking sniffed that out. Sheesh
Now they are jumping the short routes because we can’t block
"Bright side, Defense is looking pretty good."
Let’s capitalize on the good field position
All those fucks that didn't believe me when I talked up this defense
JOE TO AJ
"Ayy, thats a perfect Joe to AJ connection, gimme more!"
Had a shot but he fell down damn
Lets freaking go!!!!
FUCK YA
Lets fucking go
Nice
#YES
"WOOOOO!!!!

JOEY B RUNS WILD"
HELL YES BABY HES HERE HE JUST NEEDED TO SETTLE IN
WHO DEY
I’M SO HARD RIGHT NOW!
OH SHIT.
I AM ERECT
DADDY AF
JOEEEEE
YESSIR
Oof that reply clearly showed hopkins holding lol
Bro fire chargers special teams coach thats their third penalty in a row
Glad to see the o-line look actually look decent that last half of the drive.
LETS GOOOOOOOO DEFENSEEEEEEE
DEFENSE
Wow
LETS FUCKING GO!
"SAMMY!!!!

Hes going to be really fucking good this year. Its year 3. Thats when it happens."
SAM HUBBARD IS A STUD
Let's GOOOOO
The fake crowd noise is so mistimed and cheesy lol
Looks like we might have a defense this year!
Great fucking stop.
Our field must be slick af everyone’s slipping lol
Kevin Harlan had to leave the NBA playoffs to announce the Bengals-Chargers game lol
That's our Gio!
GIOOOOOOOOO
Gio :3
GIO STACHE
:3
Its his ankle -- at least its not his knee.  He's got some hope.
It’s the power of that mustache
Dammit Bobby
Bobby right on cue
What a great run by Joe!!
DAMN IT BOBBY
Man the chargers getting a flag every play this game huh?
Bobby fkn hart
I'd kill for a decent O-line here...
Bobby Hart is getting blown past
booooby hart has to go
Carlos is getting slow but damn is Pratt fast
Bynes is a monster. Playing very well
"Great plah by Bines, don't know that I remember him from last year?"
How’s that a flag
fuc
Bull
That was a bullshit call.
Soft ass league
Opi?
Dunlap gets off the ball so damn fast.
"Soft call, that’s bullshit"
Thats a shit call. Shoulder to shoulder
Gotta make sure the LA team wins.
Holds all the way across that play sheesh
D looking much faster this year
"Welp defense looking a little shaky now, tho most of their 1st downs have been a struggle"
"I'm trying to enjoy the game but the OLine is so bad, all I can think about is how they can magically fix it before next game. Can't have your brand new franchise QB getting killed."
What a return!!  I love this guy
LOVE ME SOME BRANDON WILSON
AND IN CARDBOARD OMFG SO FUNNY /s
Lmao in cardboard
"Please gods let us get a drive with no false starts, holding calls, or sacks"
:(  Poor Joe's mom and dad
How they let that guy through. Damn man.
just go for it marvin
Special teams is looking LIT at least
I reasonably expected their front 7 to fuck us up but this has been insanity. It was easy to ignore Shart for the 1st quarter and he suddenly just hit a switch to repeatedly shit his pants at the snap.
Hart is going to give Burrow bad habits
bynes was a nice signing.
Josh Bynes is good at football
[deleted]
Bynes came to play
God I fucking hate the National Flag league
"Change of pace, after fournette bad mouthed his previous QBs he has 3 carries for 0 yards."
Wtf is that call
"If Bobby Hart is the starting RT, what does that tell us about the culture Taylor is building?"
LETS GO D
MIKE DANIELS WAS AN UNDERRATED PICKUP.
When was the last time this team stopped 4 and 1 twice in a season let  alone the same game
Hubbard is slowly becoming one of my favorite bengals
#LOL
I can't wait till Geno comes back... lolol
I say again..Joe Burrow has the best Hard Count in football. lolol
We are doing burrow no favors
"I want to see something that isn’t a quick screen, too bad Bobby heart won’t allow that"
He has no fucking time.
Just ran right past him.
Just PLEASE GIVE THIS MAN SOME TIME. I DONT WANNA SEE BURROW DIE
Joey Bosa having fun out there smh
If the team had an offensive line then Burrow would be able to throw some solid passes.
Should have just taken 3 knees
"How’s Jonah doing, I can’t watch?"
Ill take concussion cordy back at this point
We he has time burrow looks good
"What a tackle, too bad still fg range"
#SHANK
"for fucks sake, give burrow 3 seconds!"
Good run mixon
KEEP MIXON IT UP
Get Mixon going baby
Why is Hart still in the huddle
Wow did you see that the fucking TE blocked bosa
Hart still in. PLEASE press Zac on this at postgame.
AJ exists!
That’s the AJ I know
Holy fuck I missed AJ. So slippery
Ross why
Brady with the pick 6.
Catchall ball Ross!
Fatness!
I can deal with that. That's Joe being young. No problem with that.
Damn Randy
I saw two tds when the timing gets a little better.  That’s what I saw.  And I saw some awesome balls in the air.
Have Higgins/Boyd been playing? Feel like I haven't seen or heard anything from the two of them.
Alright let's get a TD on this drive.
I hope nick vigil misses a tackle so bad
Shotgun run! Again!  Great call! /s
Love the passive play calls right now.
Fuck yesssss. Beautiful snag Boyd
What a catch Boyd!
There we go!!  Give him time and hell put it where it needs to be
yeahhhh boyddd
Wait so we put in Williams but can’t take out hart?
BOYYYYD
That’s PI as well but ok
Feed Mixon
Truly been a New Dey
Love seeing green out there again.
You nice high point by green
Good shot!  I like the call
RANDY good stuff
I'll take it.
Fatness!
Keep it up Bullock. Offense lookin a lot better now
Fat Randy 🐐
"Randy, Fattest of his name is our MVP"
Yay Fat Randy
don't understand why that was a return when the first squid kick was a TB
Slippery as a raindrop?
"Am I just crazy, or has Bobby Hart settled down a bit this quarter?"
I would like one turnover please
"Cramp

EDIT: FUCK wishful thinking"
Nnnnnoooooo
Not good
This is bad
Fuck
"Looks like a cramp

Edit: of course not"
Cheeseburger up Randers
#FUC
Come onnnnn the defense was oooking so good
You are kidding me... this would be a -massive- loss.
Cart for fucks sake
"Yeah, they wouldn’t have lifted him up like that if it was serious. I think he’ll be ok"
DJ was looking phenomenal hopefully it’s minor
Cart out for D. J. Reader 🙏
Oh not Reader!!!!!
Fml
This is a pretty even matchup. Good opponent for a first game for sure.
Thank god
"&#x200B;

D.J. Reader has cramps"
"Give him those good fluids, S&C team."
Fuck
"We're missing Reader and Atkins and they ran it down our throats. Not surprising, it's like you guys aren't even numbed by actual humiliating TD drives of seasons past."
Fuck
Joey B has this
Good God.
aw fuck
anyone else but Vigil. Fuck
Couldn't happen to a better guy. I'm happy for Vigil....Fuck.
Fuuuuuuuuuck...
Dang Mixon lost it...😥
Heavy sigh.
Hart holding 5 yds in the back field..
Let’s hold them to 3 here. Need to stay relaxed
Fuck
Welp. 622 consecutive touches with no fumbles.
Pathetic D
I missed football! :D
3 guys on the rb and they all missed
3 players in the backfield and he gains 7. Jesus man
Gotta hold to 3 here
It ain't over
Josh Bynes a bright spot in this D. How long before he’s hurt as well?
BIG STOP ILL TAKE IT
Treat defense there!
good stop
Lets gooo
Burrow needs to show his true grit
"This defense get all the credit today, no matter win or lose, they have done their job well."
Red zone defense!?
It's ok we're still in this guys.
Burrow time baby!
Is reader back out yet?
Nice D.  (That's what she said)
MIXON IS PISSED 😤
God damn can we get Joe one play with some time in the pocket?
Just took our last time out. Good lord.
Guys..we have a rookie QB....these are the things that will happen lol
Trust the process
We get rid of Dalton but I guess that means Marvin comes back
I think the timeout was called because Burrow was shook.
“and the cardboard cutouts go wild!”
My bunghole is clenching so hard every damn snap
Safety blanket uzomah engaged
there was an offsides
Joey...
LET’s go D help your rookie Q
"Bruh. What the fuck, shovel passes are a disaster every time for this team."
wut...nooooooooo
That's fucking bullshit
Shades of Palmers flashback with that shovel pass.
"Well, I guess time to drink more"
Jesus fuck!
What do you do when the receivers head is down... cmon refs
See ya later Bates
Harlan got me cracking up
Receiver lowered his helmet
They both lowered that’s not a penalty
Bates is leading with the shoulder!!!! He’s turning his head to the left. Such a bogus call
BIG STOP
I really enjoyed watching this game by updating Reddit the whole time since CBS in my area decided to show the Browns. What a waste of a Sunday.
B R I C K W A L L
One more chance.
"It's crunch time Joe, lets get it done."
"Burrow did it on purpose, so he could lead a game winning drive with little time on the clock and no timeouts."
Pls no bullshit this drive
That’s a good ball
Burrow is clutch.
Win or lose this is a close stressful game God damn.
Who else holding there breath rn please joe please
I’m fuckin hyped you guys
"O LINE DONT FUCK US NOW, LETS GO JOE"
"Some timeouts would be nice right about now. Fuck, my ass is clenched"
ServiceNow is garbage.
Dammit Ross
\*peen\*
Burrow looking real poised right now
WTF
"Totally not a catch, but why let us snap it?"
Please no taketh back please
Omg my stream stopped
Given that we used a 2nd round pick on Higgins instead of an o lineman we shouldn’t still be having to deal with this shit from Ross. Bench 11 bring in 85
I am so tired of the nfl fucking the bengals
We screwed.  I’m gonna go play Roller Coaster Tycoon classic.
Jfc I hate this shit
and the end of the day Ross needs to catch the damn ball.
Damn that kicker is thicc
I hate these fucking refs
"Regardless of if the booth called it in, they gotta blow the whistle prior to the snap. Just to temper frustration"
 If this was Cleveland there would be bottles being thrown onto the field right now.
Justin Herbert looks like abby from the last of us 2
Thank you boyd
WE SNAPPED IT BRUV
burrow you gotta run there and go OB
Ross bobbles and drops more balls than is even remotely acceptable. Dude just doesn't have good hands.
Spike it!
God damn we found burrows sweet spot
This is getting WILD
"Alright, Burrow.

Time to show em why you went 1st overall!"
Holy shit what a throw
Oww. My heart is having trouble with this.
JOE BURRROW GETTING THE BRADY CLUTCH
Holy fuck. I just hope Joe survives the whole season.
GIO going ALL OUT there
Why are the fucking laying on us Jesus Christ you fucking pussies you must be scared
J-OHIO BURROW
Cardiac cats got my heart pumping!
Please please please....
GIO
I am more excited for a weeek one game than i should be.
That was a td.  Give me a break fuck the refs
What a fucking sell
FAT RANDY MY BLESSINGS TO YOU
Wow
Hayward's a little bitch
BULL FUCKING SHIT
I think I just died.
GODDAMMIT FAT RANDY!!!!!!!
Are you actually fucking kidding me
We absolutely just got cheated
I'm going to die
Fucking ouch
you have to be fucking kidding
"FUCK, and he is hurt."
Of course
YIKES
Pain.
Wtf
I want to die!!! Fuck!!!
Of course
That ref has to be from Los Angeles.
What a fucking disappointment.
This looks so fake
bengals > chargers but the refs > bengals.
Ha wtf
Wow
Pain
Lack of potassium can often cause calf cramping.
Fuck me up
Lol fuck off Gene
I'm out of alcohol and really pissed about that ending. Refs win once again.
What are the chances? 16-13 for both my Bengals and Florida state. How the hell does that happen.
"GJ Randy, good kickers are rare these days."
I feel bad for Burrow. He is getting blown up nearly every play.
Is it just me or are the chargers uniforms terrible?
That wasn’t Ross cmon guys. Ball was a touch too deep
Ross should’ve been traded a while back
"Sam, are you fucking serious?"
"Gee, who would have thought we'd run on 2nd and 10 after a 1st down incompletion? Trash ass play calls."
Ballgame
Ross is just trash. Drafted because of a 40 time.
"Appropriately enough, Bobby Hart is letting Bosa through like someone who doesn't wear a mask lets Covid through."
Maybe if that fat fuck would exercise once in a while he wouldn’t have pulled a muscle and fucked this up for everyone
Anyone have a link for somewhere I can watch it without having to pay?
Line is still trash
I can just tell which cardboard cutouts are from Kentucky
See? OL...again. Tom Brady could be back there and fucking nothing would happen.
This is why Joe should just sit a year. We’re going to get him injured with this line.
"Bruh, CJ getting straight up tripped and no call"
Joe ~~Mixon~~ Burrow with the run!
Tyrod Taylor is such a fucking bum
Death.  Taxes.  Joe Mixon going for four yards.
Bosa looking slim
"This is a rough day.  Trying to watch the Bengals, flip to the Reds who are winning, and catching The Saints game on Fox.  my finger hurts from changing the channel."
Receivers don’t matter if your QB can’t throw the fucking ball
These refs are absolute Top Tier Garbage as well
Its his first game in the NFL. Chill guys.
"Maybe im too optimistic, but I feel like Burrow had 2 legit touchdown tosses on that drive. Very close on both."
Tyrod Taylor looked like Jin Sakai right there. Lol. (Ghost of Tsushima)
"I’m trying to remain optimistic with Taylor as HC but FFS 3rd & 2 is not when you take a deep shot to the endzone, especially with how the line has played"
Wtf was that Hubbard
Lol please don't lose to fucking TYROD TAYLOR
Where'd the defense go?
I’m going to stay positive. We’re going to get this back.
I had no expectations and I'm still let down.
Come on dude...he tried to go low and the RB ducked too. That's not fair.
What a spineless ref call.
Love Gene Steratore
Just sloppy shit. Ross drops. Mixon fumbles. Hubbards missed tackle. KILLING US.
I hate Ross
"burrow, 1st nfl start, acting like he's been here before. that is nerves of steel."
well that was a classic Bengals loss.
Was somebody cursing in the background or was that my house?
"""ThErE iS 10 miNuTEs leFT, sTOp aCtIng liKe wE alReADy lOsT, y'AlL cRy tOO muCh""

I really can't stand when fans act like we can't gripe when we've seen this song and dance every year since like forever. Just let us vent our frustration."
"I know our attendance is notoriously bad, but my god guys this is ridiculous! Can we never show up for our team!!"
"**Well... we all know how this game is going to end, right?**"
"As expected, Joe is learning that the NFL is still way faster than the SEC"
These refs hate big hits unless it's on Burrow
**BIG DICK JOE**
Bengals drafted a linebacker and a receiver. The only position that matter outside of QB is the O-line and defensive back and these 2 position units sucks
This protection is terrible. They won't be able to do anything without time. I would have rathered an OL instead of Higgins
"I love how CBS simply cannot show a replay of anything that happens to drastically change the game situation or field position.

The phantom touchback changed call. The ""holding"".

The officials in this sport blow. Awful defenseless receiver call and a no call on Burrow getting blown up without the ball. Horseshit."
People looking at Burrow’s 89 passing yards like “bust!” Lol
I'm actually happy they scored. It seemed inevitable and I was tired of watching our offense sit on the sidelines.
These refs knew the Chargers were winning from the jump
We cut Jake Elliott for that worthless fuck.
Hahahahahaha we didn’t deserve that win. Burrow looks great btw. Tyrod was trash.
The bengals are back.  It was fun while it lasted.
We all knew paying a RB that much was a bad idea. But one fumble don’t mean Mixon bad. It happens. Burrow gunna need to come up big next drive
"Time to suck today's dick, boyyyyssss. Who dey!!!"
It’s amazing that I’m nervous as shit and our rookie qb likely isn’t.
oh god his ankle
Yeah didn’t need to see that replay
Can we not show a slow mo replay? Ffs CBS. Hopeful for a quick recovery
Horse collar?  No? Ok.  First sack lol
[deleted]
Jim Turner still a horrible hire
Great work by out ST to take advantage of that.
Burrow regretting not holding out after having to trust Bobby Fucking Hart to protect him.
Anybody not named Will Jackson or Mackenzie Alexander is getting abused
Jersey Mike's > Jimmy Johns
Hey guys I think I’m an idiot. Why does CBS show bull riding right now instead of the game??
"Just realized hart was drafted in 7th round, explains it all lol"
"Defense isn't great,  but they are holding"
Green is hurt.
Oh god not price
I wish they would work under center a little less. Burrow almost never did that last year
"AJ injured

Reader is now down."
Can someone tell me everything is going to be OK?
"Injuries, OL, and those 3 points gifted to the chargers gonna shaft us"
Well we have a ballgame. Their RB’s awareness is nice.
You just gotta laugh
you have to be kidding me.  Like this can't be real.
Good to see Taylor went to the Marvin Lewis school of clock management.
No timeouts lmfao
Bengals are falling apart.
Fuck off refs. Fuck pricks
Ross did a third thing!
"Instead of being mad that the bengals tried to rush a snap, be mad that Ross is fucking trash"
This dude is amazing
That was a nice series
Omg omg omg
#HELL YASSSSSSS 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Fuck the doubters!
"""Offensive pass interference."""
That was a flop. Fucking weak call. That happens ALL THE FUCKING TIME.
You gotta be shitting me wtf just happened
Refs handed this one to the Chargers.  Typical.
"It was OPI, maybe fat randy drank too much gravy instead of gatorade? Maybe he did cramp lol. Shitty ending but fuck me if I'm not happy to see Burrow show some fire tonight. Great drive there at the end.

I went in with low expectations so tbh idgaf."
"Bruh... It doesn't matter who is our head coach or offensive coordinator, we will forever run on 2nd and 10 after an incompletion on 1st down lol, I don't understand."
Our first round pick everyone. Letting an easy TD go through his hands
Why does our tackling always look so bad?
[deleted]
Shades of Jon Kitna!!!
Don’t stress y’all. Defense is playing well and there is still time
You guys deserved that win...from a Chargers fan. Burrow looks like the real deal. Very poised.
Complete team choke job all around on this collapse.
LOL. I have never understood why crappy ass teams try to be cute and play for OT.  Go for the win and learn how to grow some nuts.
3 and Out
Blah.  It's ok tho
Its all good. Jitters.
Miss :/
AUDIBLE
:(
Well that was an underwhelming 3 and out.
Not sure what that was but ok lol
Little nervous on that one
nice throw
Yeesh
Anyone got a stream? Sportspurge is dookie and not listing the Bengals game.
"NEED THIRD DOWN STOPS

EDIT: LETS GOOOO"
First Burrow TD just moments away
"That sucks, Nick Vigil in to replace him."
Poor guy. You fucking hate to see that. Let’s hope it’s not serious.
Man that’s tough
"Any of you Youtube TV experts? My “CBS” is showing the post game in Columbus, not the game"
Chargers more snakebit than us with injuries.  Jesus.
:(
keep mixon it up!
Damn I feel so bad for that guy.
"This Is gonna make me cry, gd."
Hearts and prayers out for that Chargers player
"Nick Vigil is his backup.

My dick just got hard!"
F
"Hate to say anything positive on an injury like that, but the Burrow under pressure we've heard about was showcased on that play"
Oooff
Damn I forgot Nick Vigil was on the Chargers.
Nick “spin cycle” Vigil
Whose idea was it to go spread with our offensive line?
Who missed that block?
#PINNED!
good pressure
"As long as we don’t shoot ourself in the foot, we are ok"
JESUS
What a voice
Does it sound like fake stadium noise is being added to the tv broadcast? Watching a stream and I'm not seeing a lot of people there. I also am hearing the same whistle at regular intervals...
Oline trash
Haha can’t block... I think we need to just run the ball and quick passes... the pass rush is ridiculous
I could send my fridge on the field and it’d block better than this oline
Our oline yikes hopefully the get better quickly
Who would’ve thunk that the bengals oline needed improvement this offseason
Defense looks great. I'll take it.
Darius Phillips is ALSO gonna be a stud
"On a positive note, Philips has look good so far"
"Great work D, giving us the short field!"
GOOD FIELD POSITION
Alright good field position.  Let's do this.
Impressed with our defense
Nice D
It’s nice to see our d do well
Give the ball to mixon
This is the equivalent of hitting a brick wall over and over. You guys really think Joe will get one play where he wasn’t pressured for 3 seconds in the pocket?
Let's go boys!!! Big drive here!!!
Wish Ross would fight for a ball one time in his life
Get a first down boys!
Sheeeeeesh. Surprised Burrow could hold onto that
BURROW TO GREEN
Wtf is this
Good tackle by the rook
We are winning 10 games thus year minimum
"Good job, Carl"
"Is there anyway to watch just the bengals game? Have Youtube TV, free weekend of Redzone. Seems like it’s the only way i can catch at least snippets of it. ESPN app says it’s on CBS, but it’s some other crap starting at 5."
Wow. What the heck was that play call.
TURN UUUUUPPPPPP
Fuck yes
AHAHA
The defense is looking...........great?
haha wow
Some play-action would do us some good.
MARRY ME SAM 😍
[deleted]
Big 1st down!
Awesome Bobby
There is our Bobby
Motherfucker
O no
Fucking hart
:3
"RE: The touchback - I guess (??) since the ball hit the ground in the end zone they brought it back. But they should only do that if the receiving team didn't touch the ball. So they'll probably claim that the Chargers didn't touch the ball, the ball touched them."
"Stop, drop, and roll"
Mike Florio in shambles
We need some two tight end sets
King of the hard count
Fuck Bobby Hart
Bobby can fuck off
Is Marvin Lewis back?
Egghead Eckler
It's weird seeing PBS on tv. I miss my seats.
Did our linebacker just run down a screen pass?  THEY'RE ALLOWED TO DO THAT??
Davis gaither has been flying today man
This defense is looking a lot better than last year
Not on CBS in Tennessee. Some bullshit.
Such fucking bullshit
BS.
Fuck off ahahaha
Should be reviewable
That completion killed me. I'm dead typing this.
bullshit penalty
Bull shit call
Good stop
Great stop
good job defense!!
I'm so nervous
Anyone have a site to stream?
Moose and squirrel
What a return
my ball sack can block better than Bobby Hart
b.wilson - bengals have come a long way from b.tate.
I'm still optimistic we should start worrying around game 4
"Imagine waking up from a 6 month coma today and seeing the sports schedule. NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, NCAAF."
Ok online do your job.
Ouch
That kid in front of Burrow’s parents looks like Thomas Brodie-Sangster
Do it!!
get off daddy
Pick 6 please
How many fans are in the stands?
ouch
At least this defense wraps up
Awful call.
Phillips is getting finnessed by Mike Williams badly.
Didnt get it!!
TWO 4th down stops!!!
94!
S T U F F E D
Alright now let's march down the field.  O line block somebody jesus
Taylor even sneaks it conservatively
Jesus fucking christ
I blame the crowd noise 🤣
That boy didn't move at all. Stuffed it!
Reader and Daniels were a STONE WALL
Ugh gonna Marvin ball it
Joe’s hard count is too good
[deleted]
We don’t get penalties
"I swear, if we give up points in 30 seconds, I will combust."
They still doing those Baker Mayfield commercials eh?
Our entire right side of the line is a sieve. Sucks ass they didn't even bother to address any of our issues at guard either.
Christ
WE LET THE FUCKING TE MAKE THAT PLAY
Sigh.....
Good grief
Hmm
I'm glad they're not using tablets this year
Smart call by the Chargers there. Got in FG range and now have one shot at the endzone.
Somebody who knows the roster better than me; who can we start over bobby hart? I see everyone saying bench him but no suggestions for substitutions
Bobby Hart 100% needs to be benched before he gets Joe killed. I hope Fred is in his place to start the 3rd.
PAIN
I feel like we should just run the ball.  It's been fairly effective and then we can take a few shots
Not making any moves on the OL will haunt us all season
Biggest positive thus far is no wr season ending injuries yet
Big Bill Jackson fan
that’s huge miss!
NICE HOLD
No goooooood!!
Sometimes I love being behind on stream....no stress on that missed field goal lol
"Ok nice, now for the love of God can we please make something happen on offense. A couple nice passes, preferably."
Alright let’s see it I need a TE glued to hart
Hopefully some halftime magic happened in the locker room
Joe Mixon helps me sleep at night
I enjoy Joe Mixon
Go Green Go
AJJJJ
"Alright, alright, alright!"
Gotta give it up to Anarumo and the defense. They’re really gelling out there. Front office def FA pick ups were a success
Crap. I thought he had that.
FUCK that was close
Uz had a better block on Bosa in one play than any block Hart has thrown in two years.
"If Ross could catch, hed be good"
That would have been nice if it were caught.
If Ross dives and drags his feet. That's the play of the yard.
:3
Well........
Right through your hands Ross...
"Ross, come on man"
Holy fuck he was wide open
Dang again
[deleted]
Jesus.
Ehhh a little limp he’ll be okay
Better to miss over than under. Joe will get those throws locked in with some live reps. At least he had some time to sling it.
JESSIEEEEEEE
That looked painful
ALEX!
Big drive let’s go!
Second half looking better
oh my god i really want to see burrow sling it
"There ya go, Boyd!"
Boyd's playing!
Fuck
"GOOOO FOR IT

Edit: uhh nevermind"
FIRST DOWN
Harlan just can't help it with the submarine references
Fat randy for MVP!
Fat Randy for MVP
LETSSS GO
"It's points. Take it. Also Bobby doesn't seem to be wanting to get Joe murdered anymore, on every play. So that's good. Fuck that kick return though."
Well fuck
weird seeing aj run down so close to the sideline?
"Close, nice Randy"
"Well, shit."
Special teams in general is looking pretty good
Slippery as a raindrop? Did you have that one saved up all summer? What did you even do in quarantine
horrible kick
That’s not good
Reader down. Fuck my life
Oh fuck
All that matters is a W. Let’s go D.
Of course man.
I fucking hate this
This team’s luck man...
How long is Geno out?
It'll be ok. Just opening day bruise.
"They called that cart so quick, cannot be good"
FINISH THE FUCKING PLAY
If you told me we’d be winning after 3 I’d have been laughing in your face
The injury Gods hate us every season
Can we get a stop?
This is a must hold them to a field goal and then score touchdown.
"give him some midol, clear it right up"
😰
Damn
Sooooo..yall put them fluids in DJ reader yet orrrrrrr
**fuck**
Phillip's td return
Such a exciting game.
"Good experience for Joe here, lead a 4th quarter comeback.

Let’s see what the kid is made of here."
Awesome oline
Uh oh.
Fuck our O line is Swiss cheese.
God fucking dammit
Great.
Mixon. Come on
I feel bad for laughing at Chubb for fumbling now.
I’m going to throw up.
Well... shit.
Have to hold them to 3 here
Jesus
Harlan’s disbelief is equivalent to mine
Staying positive here
Damnit man
NOT WORTH A SINGLE FUCK
Wj3 bb what is u doin?
Who Dey! Step up defense!!!
bynes is a stud
I'm pretty sure he just said the chargers are used to losing
Lets fucking go
!!!!!
Alright let's get a long drive going.
Need a touch.
Watch the fake!
Amazing awareness there by burrow
Lol
Horrible
Nice
O line pls.....
Yay joe and cj
Let's fucking GOOOOOOO
"Keep driving boys!

Fuck wow I spoke too soon damnit"
tells his players you can't be to careful while taking off his mask and spitting.
MIKE THOMAS WAS WIDE
Geez Burrow...
That was just absolutely stupid.
No
Such bullshit
What the fuck else is supposed to do?!?!
time for some ref ball
I had to walk away from my TV after that INT and the Penalty. I'm so worked up. lol
Int happened at the 513 mark. Lol
back to back to yo momma
Should be 3rd and 10 but nope
Gotta stuff em here
YOU IS SHORT BRO
Who is training these officials?
Such a dumb call.
Lets goooo!  D is 🔥🔥🔥
Seriously fuck the nfl
ok ok good stop
"Its okay guys this is just the curse of the rookie starter, where rookie QB's lose 99% of their first games."
"Definition of both players at fault.
Good call"
DANIELS IS LIMPING 😭😭😭
Now we can see if bro can make it If he has that NFL memory
Can we stop letting them post up wide open in the middle of the field
LET'S GO D
Ross gave us td's in last years opener just saying
gotta get Boyd more involved
idk about y’all but i don’t have complete confidence in fat randy’s leg. need a TD
Ross did another thing!
Ross giveth and he taketh away
Welp fuck me
BURROW GAME WINNING DRIVE SZN
Fuuuuck
FUCING REPLACEMENT REFS
Bullshit
Trick or Treat John Ross
This is gonna be like bottle gate all over again
goddamn ross
Oh he lmost got the next play off.  it was no catch
Ross with no hands again.
Ross giveth
That sucks
"Ayy, hustle it up now but great way to move past the play"
"Our 9th, NINTH, overall pic everyone"
PUMP MY BOOS INTO THE BROADCAST
Seems like we never get breaks haha. Ross is frustrating
Boyd realized real quick spinning the ball was a bad idea lol
Work the sidelines and get a TD
That sideline camera man got drilled.
No sack!!
gio gio gio
"lookin good Joe, no need to force it here though."
GIOOOOOO :333333
Ugh
So WEAK
This is ridiculous
Fuck
Omg
come on randy i beg you
"is fat randy, getting fatter?"
Fuck this
Omg?!??!?
Woooooow
Well that was dumb. 10 yard penalty
wow.
Fuck. What the fuck fat randy.
Oh my god
fml.
What a joke
Wow
Are we sure we aren’t playing the Steelers with these refs. God fucking damn
Fuck bullock he is a piece of shit
Refs are fucking ass
what the fuc
Oh shit.
fucking garbage
Holy shit
WTF
*Sigh*
Meh
"&#x200B;

This is unbelievable...Don't think I ever seen an ending like that"
oooooof
Cut our whole O Line and cut John Ross
Burrows gonna get injured
"Browns fan here, that was a really good game you guys played considering your offensive line...which seems to be the theme of this post right now. If you guys can keep burrow alive long enough to get someone to block for him, you guys have an actual stud at QB. I’m also snagging Sample off waivers in my dynasty league. Good game interstate mates!"
All the 90s-00s bengals fans sitting here like “first time?”
"So if Randy actually pulled something there, you absolutely cannot be mad at him."
"Completely faking that shit cause he missed.

Let that be a lesson to not be a fat piece of shit and show up to camp in shape.

Cut his ass today."
Ross sucks. That's catchable.
I'm over this. Really disappointing opener.
3rd and 20 so let’s call a screen. JFC
Gotta love this O-Line
NFL is so much faster than college. Joe not used to not having time in the pocket. I have faith he'll adapt
we are fucking cursed
That's game
Debbie downers get stuffed
Tank for a tackle!
No timeouts left with 6 minutes left in the 4th lmao. That Marvin Lewis shit. Different coach; same beast.
JUST END ZONE END ZONE AND KICK IF YOU DONT SCORE
"I'm not blaming Fat Randy. I think we were way too stifled with 2nd and long runs which killed drives and we finally looked good on offence when Joe allowed to cook a bit and was finding Boyd, Uzomah and Thomas

Defence was great. But those are the ones you gotta win to squeeze in the playoffs"
Have we blamed Dalton yet?
We are what we thought we were.
Joe fan here. Just found the game finally. How has he looked so far?
"Besides a lead this is about as good of a start as you could want. Defense is settling in, we got the weapons on offense. This is good."
The play calling has been awful.
"would be nice to see Sam Hubbard in a Browns uniform, but nah we took Chad Thomas instead 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃"
Please I live in NE Ohio and I can’t watch the game. Does someone have the link to a live stream?
We have the slowest linebackers.
Obvious attempt to draw an offside penalty. Underwhelming so far. Defense looks good.
dammit huber
Surprise! The same dumb coaching problems are back this year!
"Let's give LA some free yards again!

^^^^plsbeachargersfan"
Burrow had Green wide open
"Wait i missed part of the game, did they say Green was hurt again?"
"Fred Johnson in but not for who we need lmao 

Edit: fuck me, Price?"
"Well, this is not going swimmingly"
"Oh great, the cart. We just loss our awesome new DT."
"Same shit, different year. Fucking cursed."
D is tired. Need the offense to keep them off the field for a breather
jeremy hill curse =)
WJ3 is a piss poor tackler/run defender. I do not want to extend him.
The dynamic QB duo of Burrow and Lawrence means at least 30 super bowls
ZT with the Marvin Lewis style time-out management
Well that was stupid. Gus ferotte stuff
I mean..........what was that
How can they both be guilty of it?!  Fucking bs
How is that a flag? The guy lowered his head into the tackle
The o line has held up relatively well this half
Burrow 🧊 🧬
this crowd noise is obnoxious at this point
Fuck these refs. Stupid cunts
"rotfl, fat randy. omg."
Hmm this defense getting dissected by Tyrod Taylor. Not a good sign for future games. This season will be... challenging.
[deleted]
I’m an LSU fan just here for Burrow. But god damn guys can you give him at least half a second to throw the ball. He’s good but not a superhuman.
Randy fucked me in fantasy so I'm here to riot with yall. Fuck the Washington Football Team and their awkward forced politically correctness. -An Eagles fan
"Well, it was fun being half way excited about this team for a few months."
Expecting Ross to catch that and get two feet in is crazy. It’s Ok to put that on Burrow - it’s his first game and he’ll get there soon!
Did Taylor go to the Marvin Lewis school of clock management?
Can’t stand Kevin Harlan man
buy an official Bengals brown paper bag it's great for when your hyperventilating or need to hide your shame and it works as a mask when you're drowning your sorrows at the local watering hole
\#tankforTrevor
"WHY THE FUCK DIDN'T WE TAKE ONE MORE QUICK SHOT AT THE END ZONE!!!!!! 7 SECONDS PLENTY OF TIME FOR A QUICK PASS FUCK YOU ZACH TAYLOR!!!!!

Edit: You bitches downvoting me check out Twitter and the post game thread on /r/nfl, literally everyone asking the same question. Fuck y'all clowns."
Please stop showing the replay. It's too disgusting.
Same shit every year
spearing.  no doubt
[deleted]
I feel like tigger should be our mascot at this point.
[deleted]
If y’all don’t think that’s OPI you’re just being a dumb homer. He obviously pushed off
Classic Bengals
Lmao typical bengals.
A fucking screen?
John Ross is useless
Nice to know John Ross is still trash
John Ross is useless and we simply needed to cut the loss and trade him for a 5th
HAHAHAHA HE MISSED IT! HAHAHAHA WHO DEY!!!!!
Tank4Sewell
My CBS sports app has crashed. Can't even watch the game. Whats going on?
Nice joe.  to yomomma
ross with a nice makeup play.
Ross is trash put tate in at wr3
"I swear, Ross bobbles more balls than a drunk hooker."
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
FUCKING SPIKE IT JOE
"They suck, there owners sucks, and the city sucks for funding that dump of a stadium."
This game is not fun.
Enough is enough. Burrow needs to go.
What were Zac Taylor's qualifications to become head coach of an NFL team? Genuinely curious.
we have reverted to last year defense
[deleted]
"Hahahahaha bengals football, everyone. Fuck this shit

How any of you think this is me shitting on the team is beyond me"
"Silly timeout, high chance they score anyway. Seems like a waste"
This team is a absolute fucking joke. Nothing ever changes with Cincinnati sports.
"Fuck, Reader gone for the year"
LAST PLACE IN THE NORTH!
"How can you have the greatest FBS season of all time and not know when to throw away? No offesason is going to kill us

C'mon now y'all this was his third bad keep or throw"
"Hahahahhaha we suck again.

I'm gonna go cry now"
I'll say this controversial thing finley moved better in the pocket last year so far. Let's work these kinks out.
[deleted]
Just a strain
This head coach is just weak af get him out
This game is a shitshow
I only part watched a diff game.  Are all the games this sloppy?
Dude is Bosa trying to haze Burrow? Sure feels like it.
"Well, I guess it's finally the Browns year this year."
defense laboring out there
0-1
NFL has to make sure the chargers win so they will get some fans.
"Haha haha.  All off season so much hype. 
We done."
We're just the browns with stripes.
Burrow is a bust! Tank for Lawrence!!!!!
[deleted]
Typical bengals blowing a lead
Please don't tackle joshua kelly. Just let the motherfucker score.
I don’t know if i can take Harlan’s voice for a whole game
Jesus fucking Christ this is embarrassing. Should have had the lead at the half. Should have ...
Are the game threads normally sorted by best? I thought you guys did new as well.
[deleted]
"Mixon is finding it hard to hold onto the ball while holding onto his moneybags

Edit: Man the rage down votes are real, guess people are not in a mood to take a joke."
"i got the stream, HD pretty good quality,

HOME FEED

[https://www.vodakstreams.ml/2020/09/los-angeles-chargers-vs-cincinnati.html](https://www.vodakstreams.ml/2020/09/los-angeles-chargers-vs-cincinnati.html)"
LOL WHO DEY!
Welcome to Cincy Joe. Lol
Welp. It was nice while it lasted. We will certainly lose today.
burrow not looking sharp rn
Yay another game where we lose by one score. Hooray. Get your s*** together. The chargers are trash.
Why did you steal Carson’s number Joe? 😭
I do like these Baker commercials lol
Fuck this season already
"Oh that was good D 
Where has that been all game?!

Edit: I was talking about the pass rush you fragile babies."
[deleted]
Game.
What an absolute joke the city of Cincinnati is
Yep guess I’m not watching the bengals for the rest of the year lmao
Lets be real....Joe Burrow is not as good as Baker lmfao.
"you guys don't deserve Burrow

t. LSU fan"
Bosa was never Burrows teammate
FUCK AJ
"urgh.

Weve been running way too much today and it's not been good. Thats the icing on the cake.

(I'm still quietly annoyed we extended Mixom but shh dont tell people in here)"
Burrow keeps going with screens or little flips to Mixon. He needs to air the ball out.
[deleted]
[removed]
""
My body is ready
I’m so fucking excited
That ball looks awfully big in comparison to his small hands /s
Where can I watch!?!? I’m in Columbus and it isn’t showing up
Great guy-not a great golfer. He drove a white bus with Bengals photos on the side of it. Hilarious dude. I didn’t recognize him at first.
What did you shoot?
Did he do the thing? You know...
""
All black is my personal fav uni.
I’m in baltimore so I’ll only see highlights.
[removed]
"At college in Morgantown, WV. I’m using nflbite.com

Works really well. BuffStreams is my go to."
Topstreams.info has been decent
[removed]
[removed]
nflbite is working for me and my friend
[removed]
[removed]
Nflbite. Sportssurge.
"Google crackstreams and go to the NFL 2020 link, I had the same problem earlier"
Thank you so much guys.  I missed the touchdown but game is streaming
[removed]
Look up buffstreams
[removed]
Hope that opens the floodgates and he overcomes those early nerves. Going to take time to build confidence especially since this is the first real game action with no preseason.
He good
">FUCK THE STEELERS

Joe Burrow, probably"
[removed]
Lovely
Holy shit that was beautiful.
That was a fucking beaut
"FUCK YEAH!
 
OLINE STRUGGLING, THAT WILL HELP BIG TIME!

PLUS POINTS!"
So graceful
So clean
The confidence in that run was something to watch
[removed]
""
Gonna need a lot of improv with this nightmare line
The patience. I fucking LOVE it!
"Bengals fans— get used to this!! Sincerely, a lucky LSU fan"
Lapham on the radio call was going bonkers!
"I peed white.

This is it

We made it"
Get rid of Bobby hart who the hell thought a 6ft 280 pound dude with the mobility of a scooter can play offensive tackle and go 1on1 with fuck Joey Bosa
"As an LSU and Saints fan, I know this loss is a bummer, but I know a lot of you saw flashes of what Burrow can be. Once the FO gives him some better OL help, he’s really going to shine. I’ll always love him for what he did for LSU, and now y’all have me to tag along on this ride. Bengals are going to be my AFC team so I can watch Burrow grow with y’all."
That’s my quarterback 😭
GEAUX BURREAUX!!!!
This looked better than our wins last year.....I have hope
Lamar who?  ;)
[removed]
Because he's not that good?
Because he was consistently average
They still bad.
Bobby needs to be cut.
Bobby needs to be cut.
Bobby needs to be cut
Cant stand freakin Bobby Hart
"Oh hey, Bobby Hart just got beat again!

Imagine that.

We can't, because we're living it."
If I had a choice between fielding  Bobby Hart and fielding four linemen I would choose four linemen.
"Burrow has 0 time to do anything really productive and has been sacked 3 times already, Zac could put some cardboard cutouts out there and they'd offer more protection."
"Number 68 is hot garbage. Oh wait, we knew that."
Trash
Bobby needs to be cut.
Bobby Turnstiles has gotta go.
"Here's to hoping Burrow can avoid getting hit much with his feet, otherwise it'll be a long year."
Fred Johnson for RT....
Bobby is sorry
I’m pretty sure Bobby Hart is still ass.
"Jonah williams seems like the real deal, hes definitely no CedO"
Bobby needs to be cut
Bobby needs to be cut
They should trade Ross for o line help
Bobby needs to be cut
"How is the line outside of Bobby Hart? I see that he’s bad, but is the line a change away from being decent?"
Bobby needs to be cut
"No shit. Thank god we grabbed a stud WR in the second round.

That way we have too many targets but 0 time to throw the ball.

I love Tee Higgins, but he wasn’t a need, and now Burrow is going to get sacked all year and look like a shitty QB because he has 0 time to throw.
 
“*But Jonah Williams is back!*”

Yeah, well Jonah can’t block for both tackle positions. This line is absolute shit."
If Zac wants to keep his job he better figure out this Oline and with the fucking quickness too
Not to defend them cuz they are shit. Jonah and trey Hopkins kicked ass today. And the 2nd half was way better than the first. In terms of pass pro
Fire Jim Turner.
"My gosh are we not allowed to just, you know, take care of some business so they start another right tackle?"
I mean it's not way to early. They banked on a first round pick coming off an injury and a journeyman to magically make our line average. It didn't work.
wow. excellent insight.
This whole team looks bad.
Have they been good in this century?
""
[removed]
[removed]
He is the worst! Need someone who gives a shit about protecting Joe.
[removed]
[removed]
nflbite.com I believe is the backup for the now defunct /r/nflstreams. Be careful with the dodgy websites though
[removed]
Can we PLEASE take out Bobby F-ing Hart!
""
Hopefully she sees more than just playoff appearances in her lifetime!!
[removed]
Might be a toss up but maybe he’d be a better human if he didn’t suck at his J O B so bad!
""
Very close but at least the carousel slows them down!
A turnstile only allows one at a time. Bobby Hart is more like a red ribbon on Black Friday.
BobbyHart is #11 trending on twitter. Let's keep it going folks. #CutBobbyHart
[removed]
The entire line has been pretty horrible. There’s pressure every single play
"This probably could’ve been started months ago and I’m sure the comments would still be relevant!

Edit: the existence of this thread is still relevant though"
[removed]
""
""
[deleted]
[removed]
