text
""
If another team offers a 6th or 7th rounder then they have to take it. It’s better than letting him go for nothing.
Definitely a no brainer to trade him for anything. I’m sure they will stand pat because it’s “it’s not their job to make other teams better” and will end up with nothing once he leaves in the off-season.
I’d trade him for a bag of Doritos and a Coke.
Best for both sides. He’s been a trooper not requesting one sooner but he just ain’t it for us. Philly pats could both use a wr
"Yeah John Ross, go ahead and get a fresh start. That'll probably fix your hands lol."
See ya .... and take whoever decided you were a first rounder with you
I wish the trash at my house would remind me to take it out too.
"This was and still is a terrible use of the #9 pick in that draft. John seems like a good guy, and I’ll cheer for him in the future. But it was a bad pick"
"His lack of effort and poor hands are definitely concerning but he should get more targets than Alex Erickson and Mike Thomas every day of the week. He clearly needs a fresh start, I hope we can get something for him and his new team knows how to use him"
Not surprised at this point. Such a great guy but we have so much depth and he never was able to prove himself. Unfortunately his off-season situation with COVID and past injuries never helped him. I hope he finds success elsewhere. It would be nice to get something in return for him but idk if it’s likely at this point. Look at the Mohammed Sanu situation.
John seems like a great guy and I’m rooting for him in the future. Sad and pissed off that we/he couldn’t figure it out in the NFL after looking so dominant in college. The man just cannot track/catch the football for shit
Hope he doesn’t have to take a physical. Would likely reveal he has no hands.
"I mean you have to be worth something for a trade to happen.

He has screwed us hard with his unavailability and his feet for hands. He also hurt himself though."
"Blow it up.

Trade Ross and Dunlap for some picks or OL / LB."
Remind me again who was drafted after Ross? Historically bad pick.
Could we trade him for TJ Watt? That's fair right? Our #9 pick for their #30? That'd be very generous of us I'd think.
Not good
Make yourself tradeable
I'd be happy if we got a case of Gatorade for him
Id trade that SOB for a kool aid packet and a bag of rubber bands. (Bands optional)
Trade for an o-lineman
"I’m surprised Ross never got return duties.

Similar to Josh Cribbs not the best hands but shifty and super quick.

I’m guessing it’s the trust factor."
"If another team offers a sack of tangerines. Take it.

🍊"
In a trade both items exchanged have value.   John Ross approached the team about a donation*
Low effort. No hands. He’s made himself untradeable. Take anything I guess
"I guess some other NFL owner might offer Mike Brown tickets to an away game for him?

I would be happy to get someone at league minimum salary just to save money at this point."
"We have a fresh, shiny Dante Pettis for y'all to try with. Straight up, give both a fresh start."
"Yup, time to move on."
Green Bay has entered chat
John Ross should be trade bait for a team who needs an extra special teams guy or something.  Literally anything on the trading block would be an improvment.
Who the hell would take him. When he’s not hurt he can’t catch for shit
Who would even be willing to trade for him?
He isn’t worth a draft pick
And the chiefs are gonna get their guy
This isn’t newsworthy. We’ll literally take ANYTHING for him.
desperate eagle fan here coming to see his trade value. Is he really that bad you want him to go for a 7th? other than the drops he seems like a guy with a lot of upswing
✌🏻 see ya John
"Hate to trade with a division rival, but I would take David Njoku in a heart beat for Ross."
"Its like nobody really wants to play for ZT and his staff, wonder why? Its fucking sad that we have become fucking cleveland. Mike Brown, youve accomplished what youve always secretly wanted, to just go home."
Send him to Minnesota. Ross for Jefferson who says no?
"I don't really understand why this is such big news, to everyone outside Bengals news this guy is a bust, inflated contract, it's like Njoku for the Browns requesting a trade, well sorry to say nobody wants you. I wish he could get more time in game, but I also understand not giving him time because it's just too many drops, 3rd year or whatever he's in he should have this together, we fucked his potential up. If they don't trade him they lose him for nothing in the offseason, other teams have to see him on the bench not playing, it's not like there's been a secret as to what's going on here.

But ideally I wish he would be given a regular spot in the offense, try to develop him, ease him in if you have to, such high potential and unique skillset for the team, why the fuck are you playing fucking Mike Thomas over him? He had all the work in the offseason with Burrow. I still believe he could be a top wr but it's possible I've looked too much into his successes and not enough into his faults."
I don’t understand why he’s not getting playing time. Especially when we need speed at WR
It's a shame the coaching staff never figured out how to utilize his skillset correctly. So much potential for some huge plays.
""
"Beat me to posting this by about five minutes 🤣 Between AJ’s sideline comments in the Ravens game, Dunlap’s live IG last night and now this I think it is obvious the veterans who have tasted success while in stripes are frustrated with the losing, their diminishing roles and perhaps the poor coaching. Do we sell to the vets off to the highest bidder and truly embrace this rebuild in ZT’s vision for this team or do keep the players and make a coaching change at the end of the season(Zimmer please and thank you)? Thoughts?"
"In other news Joe Burrow is frustrated with his role in the turf....fuck this team is completely imploding. In a year that started out so optimistic, it’s wild how the only character players the team has are turning against them. Dunlap, Aj, and Geno have only ever know Marv and ZT, and after a year and a half of ZT they aren’t happy? Not a ringing endorsement of Zach. None of these guys have produced like the ProBowlers they were under Marvin. I’m very happy to see guys like Bates and Wilson coming in and looking strong, but there has not been any improvement with this organization. We are one step away from being the Jets honestly"
"Just gonna be the devils advocate here. Who of the younger, performing well players is complaining? Mixon, bates, and others have been happy and positive about the team and locker room. What I’ve seen so far is disgruntled vets past their primes, upset at losing snaps. I don’t blame them being frustrated, but let’s be clear about what the issues they have. Dunlap is upset he’s been used less as a pass rusher, yet hasn’t shown any pass rush ability this year. Atkins is still recovering from and injury, and hasn’t had a solo tackle in like 40 snaps. Green has underperformed so far and is mad he’s in a contract year putting up pedestrian numbers at best. Ross, well, he is just self explanatory. Also, these are all holdovers from the Lewis era, they are used to things operating a certain way and change is hard. 

This is in no way a defense of the absolute soft ass scared to lose coaching we’ve seen as of now. I just don’t buy that the problem with Taylor is the locker room disfunction, these are disgruntled employees who expected the bengals to be their usual selves and hold onto the past, allowing vets to play ahead of young guys regardless of performance."
"We haven't had a winning season in what 5 years? Coach goes all in on something different with the talent he was given, and he's wanting the ""leaders"" to step up and adapt.... and they don't/won't.  when was the last time Geno/Carlos/AJ have been winners? They were the leaders on this team that sunk to the bottom of the NFL the past 5 years. Maybe, just maybe, they are part of the problem to."
I dunno how y'all start out so optimistic with this team year in and year out. I used to be like that but 2015 gave me a nice reality check... Seems like ZT has lost the room. He could barely call plays for UC back in 2016 (or 2015?) and anyone who knew him then could tell you this was a poor move.
How many players is Zac Taylor going to alienate before he is fired?  They have to stop the bleeding.
I don’t blame him. One of the best DTs in the league and we keep him benched.
"For all the crybaby Bengal apologists.  Downvote all you want,  as usual Bengal fans overvalue their players,  especially past prime players. Geno just isn't Geno anymore. 

Geno:

(pff) 90.7 (2017), 81.8 (2018), 76.2 (2019), 68.7 (2020)

Sacks: 9 (2017), 10 (2018), 4.5 (2019) 0 (2020)

Qb hit 20 (2017), 19 (2018), 10 (2019), 0 (2020)

His stats have fallen every year.  And don't blame injuries. Each player plays the game.  If he is injured or takes a season or two recover then why are we throwing money at him. He has been either hurt or ineffective for the past two seasons.  So tell me why he should get play time and be paid as a top 5 player at his position?

Dunlap:

(pff): 53.3 (2020). I can't find all his pff stats but we can all agree he has been probably the best or one of the best Bengal defenders of the decade.  I think we can all also agree has been ineffective this year.  Is that on him or schemes the coaches are using that aren't using his skill set appropriately.  Between the two I feel he has a better case to complain about usage."
""
The Ickey Shuffle. He had to do it on the sidelines because the No Fun League banned it as a TD celebration in the end zone.
"Ah, the good ol days when the Bengals wouldn't just lay down and get punked by the Steelers every year."
That was pretty much his last go around in the NFL.
That ticker changed so fast I had to rewind to be sure there wasn’t an NFL team in Winnipeg
Fuck the Steelers!
thicc
"Although I was only 16, I don't remember him being that big. Dude looks solid."
"That was amazing.  Literally laughed out loud in my home office.

Any time I'm having a rough day I hope I remember this superpump because it will get my mind right."
"Great clip!  I miss those glory days, the Bengals were good, the Reds won the world series."
Awesome.
man I wanna see Mixion do this rather then that dance were it looked like he hurt his leg
The Ickey Shuffle!
Imagine having a 12 play drive
Football was so weird looking back then
"Mike Patrick and Joe Theismann, ESPN Sunday Night Football. Man what a great crew."
I'm angry that you did not refer to this by the proper name.
"I expected to laugh, but didn’t."
What do you guys think of Zac Taylor as a coach?
"Defense sucks, O-line sucks, Coordinators suck, and because of that, it's been almost 2 years and I still don't know wtf Zac is. Honestly at this point I don't care if he could be good, we don't have time to develop our fucking coach lmao we need to bring in a guy who actually has experience so we don't ruin our QB"
I still wonder how he even got the job. His performance certainly hasn’t proved anything.
"A lot of the fanbase has been negative on him recently with the locker room turning against him (at least Marvin's vets), along with him not taking responsibility during pressers.

I'm personally disappointed in the staff he assembled and hasn't altered.  I think he has promise.

I think the fanbase would feel differently if we had a good defensive coordinator and these games we lost by a few points tipped the other way."
Bummmmmm. Dude makes zero adjustments and has completely lost the veteran players on the team
"He sucks. We're 1-4-1. One bad loss to the Ravens which is understandable. The other 3 losses have been one score games. Then the tie. Can't win any close games. I believe we've won 1 road game since he's been here. And now the non-diva vets (Geno, Dunlap, AJ) are becoming unhappy. We need to show him the door."
Dudes a bum. end of story.
This should be an interesting thread
lmao just endless threads about this. HE FUCKING SUCKS STOP ASKING
"Decent, but he needs to keep developing, just like all the players."
If he doesn't improve every year he should piss off I think but ofc the sub has the patience of a toddler.
"Doing about as good a job as our inept POTUS. 

Not sure who's worse at this point."
"We knew that Zac was potentially a few years away being a a good to great head coach (Will he become the next Belichick after the Browns fired him?). If we fire him now who would we replace him with? There are 10 teams with worse records than us and Washington (possibly due to health), New York Jets, Atlanta and others might be in the market. I don't want a retread. I want the next big thing that will take us to the next level.

The real issue for this team is poor team building.  How many of our players have left this team and became Pro Bowl players elsewhere? We have not drafted a quality team and have had multiple busts the last couple years.  I think the draft class this year has a LOT of potential but the past few years have been bust after bust unfortunately.

  The defensive line injury situation doesn't help either."
"I'm just curious on everyone's general opinions on him. I felt that we should just give him time to develop as a coach but seeing him lose confidence from guys like Dunlap, Atkins and Green is a big oh shit because those dudes are like top professionals. The losses are extremely frustrating cause we keep making silly mistakes and he seems to shift the blame of himself. Also he wont get fired cause Mike Brown probably hasn't noticed the season has started."
Losing confidence from those guys is what has me really worried
"I'm willing to give him the rest of this season, but if we don't see vast improvements in the second half of the year we should move on."
"I understood it last year. Rushed staff and first year, it was bound to be a down year. Not to mention Finley starting three games, two of which I think Andy would have won. With those two games and maybe one play going a different way in the Seahawks and Dolphins games, I don’t think it’s that far out there to say they were a 5-6 win team.

But it doesn’t appear that last year was an isolated incident. He’s 1-12-1 in one-score games. Generally, you see teams go about .500 in those games. Granted that’s not a hard and fast rule but it’s typically how it goes. So by that metric, an “average” coach would get between 5 and 8 wins in those situations (14 games). Taylor has 1. He should probably have 3 this year alone (Chargers, Eagles, Colts) but he only has 1 for his tenure.

I don’t think the Chargers game is that egregious. They coached that game fairly well I thought. They saw Burrow get sacked 3 times in the first half and adjusted for the second half and he wasn’t sacked again. It came down to your star receiver making a rare bone-headed move on a perfect pass for the win and then your typically reliable kicker having a freak miss for OT. 

The Eagles game was fine for about 3 quarters. They played to not lose entering the fourth and that forced them to OT. Then they’re gifted the ball at their own 41 in OT, only needing a field goal to win and decide they only need 5 blockers against a team that sacked Burrow 8 times that game. So they keep trading punts until it ends in a tie. I’d also point to the end of regulation and OT. They didn’t even try move the ball to win. End of regulation was a kneel down and end of OT was a handoff to Mixon. I get it was a tall ask to get into FG range with 15-20 seconds but they didn’t even try. 

Then the Colts game. All I’m gonna say that between 2016 and Sunday, teams that had a 21+ point lead were 93-0. After this past Sunday, that record is now 95-1. There is plenty of terrible coaching to point out in that game but I feel like 95-1 explains it better. Actually I will throw in the fact that the DL we had on the field for the Doyle TD on 3rd and longish did not have Dunlap, Atkins, OR Lawson. 

At a certain point, these losses (or ties) are entirely on coaching. He can’t close out a game and is mediocre at best managing the roster."
I think it's dumb to leave one of the best QB talents in the hands of a coach that is  obviously out of his league. They're going to end up completely wasting Burrow if they stick with Taylor.
[deleted]
"It's one hundred percent obvious he's not fit to be a head coach yet. This is not even a debate. His only wins are against Gase, Marrone, and Kitchens. His offensive playcalling is downright atrocius. The whole staff is somebody his father in law knows. Those of you who think he deserves another chance haven't watched enough professional football (but you are all handsome and strong still)."
"To me, there are two serious red flags regarding his ability to be a head coach in this league.

1. His choice in assistants - Jim Turner has well known character concerns and doesn’t have any qualifications that justified his hiring given those concerns in my opinion. Lou has shown a clear lack of understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of our personnel. Constantly playing soft zone is absolutely infuriating to watch. We are a terrible zone team.

2. Attention to detail - good coaches win close games with the little things. good examples this past week are the horrible FB dive on 3rd and 1 and the field goal on 4th down with Randy that he doinked off the upright when we’ve been great on 4th this year. Also, our inability to identify why we get gouged by opposing offenses time and time again in the 2 minutes before half is insane.

He comes off as a good and smart guy to me. But I’m not sure he’s got the experience to lead a team, especially with sub par assistants. I was really hoping we would land Del Rio at DC to bring some more experience to this team."
Hopefully nobody tugs on the visor of his ballcap.
"If be can't beat the browns, fire him and Turner and move Simmons to interim head coach. He's lost the locker room, he's double downed on Olineman who are undisciplined and untalented, and he can't win close games. 

I say after the browns game because after that we have the titans and the Steelers, so if he loses to the browns we will effectively be 1-7-1.  If he can't win a close game against a team that just got schlacked by the Steelers, he won't beat the Steelers or Titans."
"Here’s s what he inherited, Mixon, Boyd and Hopkins on O. Atkins and Dunlap and Bates on D. That’s pretty much the entire list of starting talent. Green hasn’t really been in the mix. It’s not a very long list. Let’s face it they aren’t very talented and it shows. Hopefully some of the young players can step it up and I honestly think they can. I won’t say I’m sold on Zac. I want better coaching surrounding him."
https://i.imgur.com/T3k0eIa.png
[removed]
"Listen, while I agree he’s a bust. Two coaching staffs gave up on him, not just Taylor, we have seen Green, Dunlap, Atkins, Williams, Tate’s agent, and Phillips ALL say they are frustrated. There is a breakdown between the players and coaching staff right now and I personally believe it’s about to boil over."
"It's understandable to be frustrated with Ross through the first couple weeks, but the man has basically been a healthy scratch since. Sure he dressed last week since Tate was hurt but I can't say I'd rather see Mike Thomas out there dropping catchable balls and Alex Ericson not getting open than giving Ross some snaps and a chance to redeem himself. Not only that but if you want to get an asset back for him by the trade deadline it would benefit the team to show the league that he's worth rostering.

 Remember the reverse that he fumbled in his first game against Houston and how the fanbase skewered Marvin for putting him in the doghouse for a season? I want that same energy for the coaches and front office right now, when they would rather fuck themselves over by scuttling any trade value these guys have by keeping them off the field, hurt their players potential at getting a good deal elsewhere, scare off future free agents from coming here, and most importantly sabotage their chances of winning games by putting a coaches petty ego first instead of letting their best players play. As a bonus locker room morale is likely at an all time low. /endrant"
[deleted]
"We shouldn't panic until they update their Facebook relationship status to Zac Taylor to ""It's Complicated""."
"Honestly just ship them to somewhere nice and give em a shot for a title we suck with or without them, and honestly might get an ok pick/trade for Geno"
Maybe we can trade them for a few Bobby Harts Jr's.
Trade Em
"Are we in middle school?? I hate this kind of reporting, usually by low effort reporters trying to break news that they think is important."
Grown men or 8th grade girls?
"Other player have been better tbh, Geno has also been injured so if we trade them and Ross its all good with me"
"Can't blame them, no excuse for having your best pas rushers on the sideline when you're getting torched by handsome Phil who is facing no pressure."
Carlos can suck a butt. He's in his 30s and has only ever had 1 season over 10 sacks. Geno is one of my favorite players and now that reader is in the group id hate to see him go. But he's aging too. Sounds like 2 men sad about being old (for their positions)
Dunlap I get wanting to move but Atkins makes no damn sense.
Sounds like Zac Taylor sucks.
"Trade Bait, Oooh ah ah"
"The tendency is to group these guys together. Make no mistake, Atkins is an all time great. Dunlap is streaky and although he’s had some good runs, he’s no Atkins. Dunlap’s production can and should be upgraded and Atkins has earned a shot at getting healthy and producing. That being said they both will be gone after this season. You have to look at it like this, who do teams game plan around? It ain’t Dunlap."
"It's clear shit has been going on behind the scenes of the org for a long time now. The cracks are now becoming giant chasms at this point. We're witnessing a crazy-ass meltdown, fam."
"The inmates are overtaking!!! Accept these guys were wrongfully convicted, and the sheriff and warden are completely incompetent"
""
This is all I have ever known for any sport in Cincinnati lmao
Officially in “at least we’re not the Jets” mode
I’d like to see what panic mode actually looks like at this point.
I mean who expected anything significantly better than 2-14 with the only addition being  rookie QB?!!?
Guys there is no need to panic.  Just listen to ZT.  We have a great culture.  We are trending in the right direction.  So lets all relax and ride the 1-14-1 wave.
The Bengals since Mike Brown took over
"At this point, I kinda hope they do continue to suck... because then we'll get another very high draft pick, which they can use to fix that shitty o-line and pass rush."
Haven't panicked since 1/9/2016 and vowed to never panic like that again
Still having a better season than the Jets lmao
"I’m really surprised that the Bengals haven’t lost every game this year. Rebuilding or not, this team is bad and the coaching is worse."
We have our QB. I wonder what we could get from other teams for a crack at Lawrence or Fields at #1 or #2 picks?
Am 25. A quarter century. Have never seen a playoff win. Theres no relegation so i guess its fine.
"Who on earth actually predicted the Bengals would be even mediocre this year?

We need an offensive line and an entire defense. That’s a lot"
"We're just one step closer to a new head coach and a top 10 pick. At this point, I'm okay with the losses as long as we protect Burrow."
you should of put Mike Browns head on there. Then this would be 100% accurate.
All part of Taylor's 3 year plan to get a 6-10 team to 8-8
When are we gonna get a good coach.
Its a dance with the devil in pale moonlight when I think about Cincinnati sports. It's a requirement to be a hopeless romantic for our sports so when the sports demons drink our pain it taste sweet.
I hate how Gase is making Zac Taylor look like Bill Walsh rn. ZT gotta go 😭
They’re rebuilding. Everyone seems to have forgotten that.
[deleted]
"Ouch. ""I'm just here so I won't get fined"""
Burfict also left a comment earlier this week about how we should have kept Marvin... And also how we should've kept him.
"Not good for the coaches to be losing a once defensive leader. Especially when it doesn't look like they have an immediate exit plan for him. It would probably be different if our D-Line looked awesome with Dunlap in his ""new role,"" but instead it still looks like trash."
This and his little instagram live last night where he just rambled and made zero points are ridiculous. Just cut him or trade him if he's gonna bitch about being bad and getting sat.
""
What was it?
https://twitter.com/EvilAndyDalton/status/1138128810921119744?s=20
""
[deleted]
I hope we can get something for him and find him a team that'll give him some chances. I'm still not convinced Mike Thomas or Alex Erickson are better options.
With all the drama with our aging veterans I just wanted to say that we have a young amazing safety that is making a run at DPOY. Im excited for the future of our defense.
"A safety isn’t winning DPOY on a team as bad as ours.

He looks great though."
He'll need at least 8 picks by seasons end to get consideration since safety is a turnover dependent position to get recognition league wide. I Do hope we extend him sooner than later though.
It’s crazy that he’s still just 23 years old. Hopefully he can keep the safety spot locked down in the future just like Geno has locked down the DT spot for the last 10 years
He's certainly a bright spot. Love the kid.
Not much of a hot take. That’s very known.
Won't matter Mike Brown is still the owner.
Gonna miss him when he earns a big ass contract
Jesse Bates and WJ3.  Certified good
Excited about our defense?....That makes 1 of us.
Fans who blame Mike Brown are the most toxic Bengals fans.
""
"This is just my interpretation, so could be bullshit.  Lapham was acknowledging that when times are tough with the local sports franchise, the families of the players and coaching staff hear about it from the general public in their daily lives."
He was asking if the people of Cincinnati and specifically kids that go to school with ZT kids or day csre(idk how old his kids are) are giving him shit for being a less than pathetic head coach
"I’m glad that Paul Dehner wrote an article like this for The Athletic. It needed to be said. I posted a 2021 predicted depth chart 2 weeks ago. I had both Carlos and geno cut from the team to save cap and to get rid of guys that just aren’t productive anymore. This was a week before geno got back. People thought I was crazy to cut geno. “Why would you cut our only pass rushing interior DL.” Sorry but geno isn’t a good pass rusher anymore. Neither are. Geno has played 37 snaps. 0 tackles, 0 pressures, 0 anything. Carlos has been one of the least productive DEs in the league. And together they take up $25 million in cap. Any neither wants to play here anymore. Don’t bring up trades because no team is going to trade for a player with large cap hit and no production as well as being over 30 years old. We need to get over the guys from the 2015 core. Let them go and create a new core. One with bates, Wilson, Pratt (hopefully), reader. Geno and Carlos are only hurting this team right now."
I would do anything possible to trade and not cut
"Yeah, if they are going to give this one more year, they need to finish the house cleaning and rebuild that OL this off season so that there are no excuses any more. I haven't seen Geno be Geno since the knee injury personally, and Carlos has really dropped off this season after he began to show signs of age last year. Hubbard has a visible positive difference in energy when he is on the field, I am sure the other young players do too. Dunlap and Geno are either not as hungry or not as able any more, I fully agree with that. 

As much as it seems like things are in the air on the field from a coaching standpoint, we are seeing the growing pains of drastic change here, and it is hard to live with. The young guys are clearly outplaying the vets though, and they are rightfully seeing their snaps increase as a result. This is what we should be expecting. You don't perform, you don't play. Hopefully the team brass takes the hint the coaching staff is sending and cuts the last of the necrotized skin off this thing so it can truly begin to heal."
"Sure cut them after the season if you think they're washed. Benching them for practice squad caliber players now accomplished nothing but tearing the locker room apart. You could argue that you're developing younger players by giving them snaps this season but let's not delude ourselves into thinking we should be leaning on Bledsoe or Xavier Williams going forward.

 The coaching staff and front office have given up on winning this season and are trying to deflect blame on the guys who have worked the hardest for this organization. Zac Taylor and his putrid staff did the same thing last season the only difference is Burrow hasn't been benched so we're not 'officially' tanking."
Geno at the very least is worth a trade.
[deleted]
"We can’t afford another Dalton situation where we get zero return for a veteran. We need to get the most draft capital possible for Ross, Dunlap, Atkins, Green, Shawn Williams. If we end up with a bunch of late round picks then great, we do fairly decent in the 4th-6th round anyway. If I’m not mistaken Green, Dunlap and Atkins are our biggest contracts (minus Reader) so getting them off the books will be a win as well."
Don't cut. Trade the pair of them for a decent offensive linemen!
Not gona lie I wasn’t stoked when both these guys got huge extensions. They literally haven’t been worth those contracts in any fashion.
""
Not bad for the rookie
It's a shame that his adjusted net yards per pass attempt stat is getting absolutely demolished because of how many times he's getting sacked.
I'm starting to think this kid might be okay at playing football
Not bad for a running back
He has thrown some beautiful passes downfield too. Incredibly accurate when he does have the time.
The kid is special no doubt. The organization needs to match that.
"Give Burrow at least an average (NFL-caliber) line, and he will be strong. Give him a GOD line, and Burrow could be the one who destroys them all.

The front office of this org needs to realize this shit. Seriously."
Yeah but what are the numbers looking like for downfield throws? They can't be very pretty
"Just imagine those numbers, and his numbers over 19 yards, if we had invested our FA dollars into Conklin and we would have traded a 2021 pick for Thuney."
He sucks at defense though
But hebert but hebert... Nevermind he has a not so great cast of wideouts.
"It was supposed to read TOUGH ... NOT THOUGHT .
I understand the afc north part, but it just seems like they have a brutal schedule this year. Shouldn't the shit teams be handed a little better card or it doesn't work that way?"
Looks like a pretty average NFL schedule to me... we are just bad so the schedule looks tough.
Could you imagine if we weren’t playing the NFC East this year? The schedule looks tough because of the AFC North and that’s pretty much it.
"The schedules are formulaic and not based on the outcome of the prior season. 

[Helpful article](https://operations.nfl.com/the-game/creating-the-nfl-schedule/)

“A formula determines each team’s opponents every year, and a rotating schedule ensures that every team plays each of the other 31 at least once in a four-year period.”

Our NFC opponent is the NFC east (aka dog sh*t). Our AFC opponent is the AFC south (two of which are dog sh*t). Our other two AFC draws were the Chargers and the Dolphins. I say all that to say being in a good division does GREATLY impact strength of schedule because anecdotally speaking our division and rando AFC draw seems pretty favorable."
"being sucks at previous year affect ONLY 2 games a year.

the 2 game this year is Chargers and Dolphins"
"Next year is gonna be rough too.

We draw the AFC West and NFC North. Our In-conference opponents will most likely be the Jets and Jaguars."
"Ready for the downvotes, It’s only horrible because we are soooo bad. If we were a good team with a veteran coach and a running back that was top tier we might have a chance."
[deleted]
We need OL or DL in round 1. Rousseau if he’s there. Marvin Wilson maybe. Or Wyatt Davis.
We just need to draft the best O-lineman available in every round.
"Please not a corner, we need a lot more pass rush before we need D backs."
"Surtain isn't as good as advertised.  Lsu fan.  Granted I hate bama, but surtain isn't a lock down corner..."
Pick 6.....That’s cute
Be up for trading every pick a current winey baby on our current roster for as many 1st 2nd or 3rd rounders we can
Please let Micah Parsons fall to us if we don’t get Sewell
Who else was available at this spot?
""
[deleted]
It's a dumb question to ask him about possibly being on the hot seat of course he isnt going to acknowledge it
I mean it's a press conference are you expecting to him to start breaking out in tears
he’s probably not on the hot seat knowing the brown family
Marvin probably called and told him not to worry about it
"Ok guys don’t roast me too hard but this is what I think would be perfect. So first Zach Taylor gets one more year to turn things around. Ik ik we want him out now but I’m only keeping him to give joe Brady one more year to prove himself in the nfl. REUNITE THE JOES. 

Next pls get Penei Sewell. Him and Jonah as our tackles for the next decade plus would keep our lord and savior joe burrow’s jersey the cleanest in the nfl. Maybe  try to take Trey Smith if he falls into the second round and josh Meyers in the third. Try to get a veteran guard in FA to mentor all the young guys and obviously a new oline coach. I was thinking that one oline coach that used to work out Georgia. I forgot his name 

Third hire Marcus freeman form Cincinnati as our defensive coridinator. He’s an up and comer and young so we might be able to build with him for the next 5-10 years before he gets a HC job

Conclusion- Now ik most of this isn’t going to happen and I’m probably just a casual chasing big names but it’s something to try to get excited for. Every week bro I promise I question why I had to like chad Johnson so much to the point where I became of fan of this organization lol. It pains me to see the consistent success the Steelers have due to a good owner and front office"
I'm hoping for Sewell but I feel like there's to many bad teams that could finish worse than us.
I have never understood the Joe Brady hype. He didn’t even call plays at LSU and he’s not lighting the world on fire in Carolina. They average 40 more yards and 1.5 more points per game with a better line and receiving core.
"No. No. no no no no no.  The dream scenario is they fire Taylor and Turner in a week, trade Green, Ross, Adkins, and Dunlap for either draft picks or a solid O-lineman,  promote Simmons to interim HC, we win only one more game ROS. At the end of the year we start fielding trade offers for the number 1 overall pick until we get at least 3 first round picks and 3 second round picks.  We cut Bobby Hart, Redmond, and Fred Johnson.  Simmons moves back to STC. we interview only coaches and coordinators who made the playoffs unless Zimmer gets fired and we hire him.  THEN we hire the best offensive minded OC that can call plays and coach an o-lineman. That happens 2-3 weeks after the season ends so that the coaches can get together and plan a proper offseason and draft picks.  

I hate trading Green, Dunlap, and Adkins as they have been great and are underutilized right now.  They still have good football in them and it bugs me that they aren't getting the respect they deserve.  But their age and contracts are not favorable."
There is a lot to like here!
"> Marcus freeman form Cincinnati

What's the reasoning here?"
Zac*
"Zac is off to a worse start. Dave finished 8 - 24 after his first 2 seasons. Zac is sitting at 3-18-1

Mike Brown continued the Dave Shula for 4.5 seasons! We get Zac for another 3 full seasons before he gets fired!"
"No, Dave was better!!"
Worse. Taylor wont ever win 8 games total.
"I don’t get all the Zac hate. It seems like most of our players revolting are on the defensive side of the ball, we lost the Eagles and Colts game due to defensive collapse and we brung in a ton of defensive talent but have yet to see the results. It’s pretty clear that Zac mainly focuses on the offensive side of the ball and Lou handles the defensive side which is a problem. Imo we need to overhaul the entire defensive staff this offseason and bring in a experienced DC. We now have plenty of talent on the roster to entice the right person to come take over. Zac’s offense has put us in a position to win almost every game this year with a bad oline and if we can fix that then the wins will come."
""
"Another 20yr old protest site

http://www.mikebrownsucks.com"
Can we start a class action vs Mike Brown?
*Coaching winning football under Mike Brown and family is hopeless.*
"It was on 83% of snaps as well 

Resign this man"
"While this is a great stat, it is worth noting TY hasn’t looked the same this year as his name would indicate"
"He's looked good against pretty much everyone but Odell to this point, hope we extend him and Bates to build around."
Really hoping we do especially if Geno and Dunlap’s contracts are off the books for whatever reason. I’d bring back Alexander too
Resign Bates and WJ3 then that backfield has two ProBowl caliber players (AllPro in Bates case) along with Vonn to keep it locked down for years to come. ...now just to get that coaching figured out.
WJ3 is good but stopping TY hasn't been too hard this season.
Jackson has earned his extension. Especially since we have NO IDEA what we have in Trey Waynes.
Ya but what  when he wasn't
"Eh. I gotta be honest, William Jackson doesn't look anymore than mediocre to me. TY looks very washed up this year so a good performance against him doesn't say much to me. Jackson has struggled against star receivers (Odell ate him alive)"
"Lmao WJ3 should have been called for holding or pass interference on almost all of the ""good plays"" I witnessed"
"Also, Indy can't meme."
"You mean, like, fatten them up and put them in a 3-point stance?

I'm not 100% against it."
"Lol, no team is giving o-lineman, a position that’s already stretched thin throughout the league, for Ross and AJ. You’ve be lucky to get a low round draft pick(s)"
"We need to stop being delusional and thinking that any combination of people we’re willing to give up (Carlos, AJ, Ross, Geno) will net in decent lineman. There’s a reason we are ok parting with them."
Name the team that would give up a decent lineman for them. I'll wait.
[removed]
[deleted]
"I remember weirdly liking him that one season he played for us while Palmer was hurt. There was probably only like 2 games where he was good, but it still stuck with me. I will always love this man. Also, gave one of the best [interview videos ever](https://youtu.be/u43LfL3gC2Y) lol"
[deleted]
Carson then fitz then Jordan palmer
"He always reminded me of Brucey from the longest yard, that year. He was very antsy in the pocket and hopped around a lot lol."
We started 0-8 and the second half of that season we actually started to look like a team.
"I will always love that guy. Seeing him elsewhere - glad he got to start, but one of the best backups in the history of the league IMO"
Glowup
"While he played for the Bengals, he lived next door to my brother. Great guy and very nice family"
"Ladies and Gentlemen: Bengals legend, Ryan Fitzpatrick"
This is the man that lead us to a tie with Philly!
Wait until you age ...
"It's so Bengals-like that he wasn't given the chance to succeed. Given how long his career was, if he landed somewhere stable, he could've had an even better career than he did."
"Yeah I know, all I remember that year was it was a depressing season. This is one year I barely watched games."
"Welcome to Meet Then Enemy, /r/bengals Q&A Thread for each matchup.  
We figured the fans on each team's sub more about their team, so why don't we ask each other?  

This week we're inviting the fans over at /r/browns   for some friendly Q&A. 
Browns fans, help yourself to some flair on the sidebar!  

*No trash talk or flamebaiting allowed, this is a civil thread.*"
Myles please don’t kill Burrow
Hopefully the defense learned to tackle since the last time we played the browns. Maybe Chubb being out will help.
"Love your QB, Bengals!! I’be been pulling for him all season, and hope he starts getting protected better. 

Also, I think I’m just going to start hanging out in your sub for a while. r/browns is filled with Baker hate and I can’t stomach that right now. Cheers to Burrow!!!!"
Browns fan here. Someone hold me. Last week has left me in emotional distress.
Browns fan who’s a little nervous about this one. You guys look alright we just looked like shit. Both teams need a bounce back win big time.
"Just want to say that I hope it's a good game, no injuries. I also hope Baker can figure it out and be a solid QB for you guys."
"Just wanted to drop by to say r/Bengals has the best memes, hands down. This sub is a goldmine of laughter and I’m always sending my Bengals friends the memes. 

I’m envious of how good you guys are at roasting Bobby Hart. We have our own “public enemy #1” in Andrew Sendejo, but are nowhere near the roasting skill."
[deleted]
"As your rival, I hope you lose this week. 

But bigger picture, in a fan of the game kind of way, I'm honestly concerned about Burrow getting out of this year alright. 

Please don't Andrew Luck him, Bengals. He's too exciting to watch for football to be robbed of him early."
When is Chubb expected to come back?! I have him in my fantasy league
"I think this is going to be a fun “rivalry” for the next 5-10 years where both teams are going to be good. For the first time in a long time, both teams are set up for a future of success."
"Yo, Jessie Bates is incredible. I think you guys have a player to build a secondary around with him. I hope between Bates Burrow and Mixon you guys can build a solid team. I'd love for the division to be super competitive with all 4 teams fighting for the next 4-5 years."
"Hi guys, just seeing how the buckeyes are shaping up on the bengals roster. I live in Columbus and have been a buckeye/Cleveland sports fan my 27 years on earth. So, I want my browns to win, but my buckeyes to do well and get that big contract. I know it was a hot topic with browns for years why they didn’t draft more osu guys. How’s it turning out with your abundance of them?"
"has anyone on r/bengals discussed what benching burrow after the point the season is completely lost might do? Imagine it's week 12 and there is no way for the bengals to make the playoffs. Burrow is out there getting demolished by pass rushers. Do any of you see merit and benching him to protect him from possible injury? I realize that won't sit well with the locker room or Burrow, but not destroying the franchise year one seems like a reasonable thing to do. Thoughts?"
I think round two will be closer than round one.
"A rehash of my reply to one of yours venturing into r/Browns recently:

We share embarrassing scorelines against a common adversary. There’s no denying the defensive progress you’ve made. Offense, who knows at this stage‽

I’m looking forward to the game, and no more effing injuries.

Oh yes. Fark the ratbirds and the squeelers!"
Look you guys clearly wont make the playoffs. You guys let us win and get a better draft pick and we tell Myles to not kill burrow. Win win I think. Maybe you can get some beef upfront with your pick
"Hey all, brown’s fan that lives in Cincinnati, at least we can all agree, fuck Pittsburgh, and the ravens and art modell."
"Let’s try to get through this game with no more injuries for either side.  Baker and Burrow leading Ohio to greatness over the sister-fisters and cousin fuckers of the AFC North for the next 10 years would be sweet.  It’s time for Ohio to shine, as long as The Browns are on top :-).  We love to give you Cinci guys shit, but you’re still family !"
Honestly I'm just looking to see if our orange is more different than your red lol. I HATED watching games against you cause I hated our new unis and our orange looked too similar to your red. I'm a simple man.
Is it safe to put Browns D/ST against Bengals or Carolina against NO? Why (or why not)
My God I wish we had Joe Burrow
You guys think Mixon will play this week? Seems like he’s injured a lot.
Skyline Chili is overrated
you guys seem pretty fun
"Serious question: We all know Burrow is going to be a force to reckon with. Hate that you guys landed him. However, do you wish you kept Dalton for at least one more year to build up an offensive line to protect him?"
Wife got her masters at LSU so by default I've been an LSU fan for many years now. Love Joe and can't wait to see him grow.
"I’m genuinely worried with the “Baker Out” brigade in full force that Bengals management sees a real opportunity to hit us whilst we are weak. What I mean is, many are saying this is a make or break game for Baker, the pressure is on so I think you guys will be ready to go all in"
"I think as long as the bengals can protect Burrow and provide him decent weapons he’s going to be a really good QB in this league for a long time. Honestly love how the qb situation is shaping out in the afc north with Mayfield, Lamar, Burrow. And you know once Ben retires the Steelers will have another franchise qb lined up. I think Baker will bounce back and take care of business this week. He’s always played pretty good against you guys and I don’t see that changing Sunday. Should be a good match up though"
I love me some Joe Burreaux! Hopefully it's another barn burner! That was such a fun game to watch.
"If Teller plays I expect the Browns to win, if he doesn't...I still expect the Browns to win but wouldn't be surprised if they didn't

Baker hasn't shown he can win a game where he doesn't have the defense thinking about the run since his rookie year"
"Another Browns Burrow fan here. I had a few argument with a few muppets on r/NFL about how well he is playing despite the losses. Plus he seems funny as fuck. The response to his hand size measurement was great. I loved the chat on Mic'd up as well where the refs were telling him to go down, and he said 'did you see last week? I'm learning'.

Hopefully, he doesn't lose his mojo like our lord and saviour Bake seems to have done since his rookie year.

On the game, whats up with AJ Green?

Thanks for having us by the way. Who's the downvote picture? I can't make it out."
Any underrated players us Browns fans should be looking out for to make a few surprise plays? Love Joe Burrow and you guys are easily the team I dislike the least from the AFC North haha
Hey everyone! As a browns fan I feel for yall and personally love Cincinnati (the city). Let's hope for a fun and injury free game Sunday!
Nobody likes u
"Hey! Hoping for a good game. Nick Chubb being out is of course a big loss, but our Offensive Guard Wyat Teller being out has also impacted our game a lot. He was important in our early victories."
Browns fan here: I really like your QB. Please force your team to get him some protection or figure out how to keep him upright before you play the Stillurs. Bad blocking against the Stillurs this year is no good for QB health.
Browns fan here. I think we should start a gofundme to get you bengal boys an indoor practice facility. I played ball up in Cleveland and that highschool now has an indoor field...
"I think the Bengals might win this week.  This feels like the beginning of another death spiral for the Browns. We beat the Jags, Jets and Giants and finish 7-9."
Browns fan here.  What is the prevailing opinion from Bengals fans about Vontaze Burfict's hits?
"Browns here, Bengals just do us all from a Ohio a favor let Burrow live through the season"
""
"Mike Daniels can return to practice, I don't think he's allowed to play just yet"
"Hell yea, I really like Daniels!"
With the shuffling d-line situation I'm not sure what this really means.
""
This person is single handily keeping this sub from plummeting into chaos
Ah. A masterpiece.
You've done it again
Were in the hunt for #1 overall again! Back to back draft champions!!!
I love these
Really wish someone would make a Cinati Bengos bumper sticker or t-shirt. 🤞🏻
Stink bowl.
I don’t know what it is. But I love it. Is it a opossum?
:)
This is so stinkin wholesome
do a [bingal berrel](https://youtu.be/MIm_UxiyEBA) for the next match up pls
Love it. But isn’t the browns mascot a dog??
The toilet bowl!
Can you do dog shit too? Pls?
""
[deleted]
Why the hell not? Bring him in and throw him in at RG. Anything is better than what we currently have.
He’s a decent guard too. Better than what the bengals have.
"Since Spain will definitely be a good sign for us, it makes perfect sense that we will not make it happen lol"
"As a West Virginia native, WVU alumnus, and fan of trying whatever we can to keep our young, generational talent upright, I approve."
Clearly more talented then what we have at guard so clearly we won't do anything!
"They shouldn't consider it, they should be blowing up his agent's phone."
"It’s a good idea, which is why it won’t happen."
Can't be worse than what we have
He would easily be our best guard imo
*Bengals sign Andre Smith a 4th time*
I don't see how it could hurt... you can always release him if he doesn't work out. It would at least show some small amount of concern by the organization.
Supposedly good in pass pro and not so great in the run game but thats miles better than Redmond rn
"Next Year:

Jonah Williams
Quinton Spain
Trey Hopkins
Xavier Sua-filo
Alex Leatherwood"
Omg yes please!!!!
Why was he cut?
Please please please 🙏🙏🙏
I hope we get him. A ton of teams need OL help.
Yes He would help to protect burrow
Taylor and turner says no thanks we have a great line
"Makes sense,so wont happen"
Why not???
"I hope we lose out the rest of the year, trade that #1 or #2 pick for a first and third and only draft linemen and DBs"
FO needs to do everything they can to bring this guy in. This is a gift.
"I know fans get excited when they see a familiar name that can be picked up, but there’s a reason he was released. He hasn’t been good. And this is a league were decent olineman are at a premium"
[removed]
I mean he has to be better than someone on our line. It can’t hurt to sign him
""
This isn't hateful at all. /s
Are you 14?
le epic meme xD
"Damn, defining your life by video game achievements is already pathetic as hell, but you're a bigoted little jackass too?

You should probably spend less time playing video games and spend more of it trying to be a competent person."
"Zac actually had a pretty raw press conference today. It seemed like he actually answered some questions, and finally explained that ""one play"". Far more satisfied with this. Have a listen.


[Zac Taylor Press Conference]
(https://youtu.be/xAn27xA2ihk)"
Is there a wrong way to win? He’s always going on about winning the right way.
We have to be honest in assessing this team. The coaching staff is. We have a terrible roster. Bright spots for sure. It’s a pretty decent nucleus and the most important spot is seemingly filled with Burrow. You just can’t miss on draft picks like we have for so long and have a shot at competing. What he is saying is that they still need time for the young talent to develop. They need to play and the vets need to sit. His job is counting on these youngsters to turn into real NFL players. I actually like what I see mostly although it’s excruciatingly painful. What Zac needs to understand is that the clock is ticking. Nobody expected us to compete for the division but we need to see some wins.
How bout just winning?
"I would like for him to elaborate on what it is that makes him so confident that he is turning things around there. Even through the doldrums of our repeat single digit win seasons we didn't seem to have as much of a chemistry issue like we seem to have now.  
He seems like he really believes that they are making strides. I wish he could share the info so I could see it also. As of now, not so much."
"Look at how many one possession games we have lost. That comes down to coaching and putting players in the right position to win those close games. We have more than enough talent to win at least half of those one possession losses. For instance, that the FB run on that 3rd & 1 last week, an absolutely abysmal playcall."
"Non-Bengals fan here. I own Boyd in fantasy and I’ve followed him, and I’ve noticed the Higgins is starting to see increasing targets while Boyd doesn’t. Is Higgins becoming the number 1 option on the team, or have these been results of poor defensive play by other teams? Wanted to consult you all because fans know best."
"It all depends what the defense gives us, with AJ/Higgins coming off a good game i could see Boyd getting ignored and popping off."
"The Bengals don’t have a clear #1. It’s similar to how the Rams are with their group of WRs. That said of the three Boyd is the only one I would start weekly no matter what - he’s had the most consistent rapport with Burrow and he rarely lays an egg. 

Tee is a rookie and is going to have flash games and other teams will shut him down. It’s gonna be a matchup thing for him as he learns the ropes."
Boyd easily. Higgins is gonna pop off every once in a while but Boyd is just so consistent
Boyd is still Burrow's first option. he usually operates from the slot and has the most consistent fantasy production. With how quick the protection breaks down you usually see Joe look for him over the middle... Which led to the game sealing pick on Sunday. Maybe it's becoming a 1A/1B/1C situation barring an unexpected trade materializing though.
"Boyd is Burrows go to man when he feels his back is against the wall, he’s definitely not some id drop but TEe is on fire"
"I have boyd on my fantasy team and while I think Higgins is good and they’re starting to develop chemistry, I’m sticking with Boyd cause he’s just better"
i own higgins in every fantasy league - i dont start him but in half point ppr hes been averaging over 10 pts a game last 4 weeks and getting 8 targets each week so his floor seems stable in a pass heavy offense. WR3 moving into WR2 territory imo.
"Higgins is the top outside guy but boyd is the slot guy and also probably the better receiver of the two (at least right now) 


I figure they will probably have pretty similar stats so just puck whoever is facing the worse corner."
I have both and am tempted to start both haha
"It’s just the group of receivers we have. AJ finally popped off, and Higgins is starting to heat up too. Half of Higgins’ yards last game came on one pass. He still had like 6 catches or something for another 60 yards with out that pass, but we just have enough talent at receiver that if two guys have 100 yard days one of them is gonna lag behind. Boyd is undoubtedly the most reliable, Higgins is the most promising, and AJ is the most proven (from previous seasons). All comes down to how the defense plays us"
Higgins is more of a big-play threat and with each game he's getting more comfortable/confident.
"Boyd is clearly Burrows favorite target at this point, and is still the best receiver on our team. Tee Higgins has been very good, but I don’t see a situation where he starts cutting into Boyd’s target share"
He definitely is.
"AJ is the clear #1. Well, clear as mud. Problem is he hasn’t played well and gets the attention of defenses we face. Higgins is very good but still learning. I can’t tell yet if he can be the next #1 or a great 2nd or 3rd guy. On any given day Boyd, AJ or Higgins can rack up yards and points. For fantasy purposes it’s risky to play any of these guys if for no other reason the O line is inconsistent. Or to put it another way, the O line is terrible. Boyd however is probably the safest bet of the three with Higgins and AJ having the highest chance of going off. AJ is the wildcard but as of yet he hasn’t been back to his old self. Personally I think they will continue to try to work Higgins more as the focus because he and Burrow are the future and they seem to be building chemistry."
[removed]
[deleted]
Baker Mayfield looks like hipster Borat.
Looks like Randy Marsh
"Bakers mustache and look, lol.... To catch a predator?"
Got DAYUM
Baker about to flood your basement
Baker is a legit top tier intramural quarterback
Joe makes me irrationally horny
Just breathing that Cleveland air does something to a body.
Its fucked that bum on top is 4-2 while we are 1-4-1
He looks like a 43 year old drunk.
That scrub looking dude has beaten us more than we've beaten him. Maybe we should win a few before we get too proud.
Baker look like a sex pervert
Browns fan here. Browns 1 Bengals 0
"Baker walks into PBS
Joe: Take a seat"
God I love our boy.
Baker looks like he’s going to flash kids in the park
"🎶”I can't stand it, I know you planned it
I'mma set it straight, this Watergate
I can't stand rockin' when I'm in here
'Cause your crystal ball ain't so crystal clear
So while you sit back and wonder why
I got this fuckin' thorn in my side
Oh my god, it's a mirage
I'm tellin' y'all, it's sabotage”🎶"
"I would rather have Burrow, even though the jury is still out on him, but I don't understand all the Baker hate. I like Baker, dudes got some swagger, and in a division where we have struggled to beat the Steelers and Ravens with consistency...I have far more hate towards those franchises."
I'm in the first picture and I don't like it.
What a fucking tool...
A young Jim Breuer reminds me of Burrow....[Jim Breuer](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRBqJ6tRHOVtQL146yuraejivSg6Jbfok8u4w&usqp=CAU)
thought he was uncle Rico
"Inspector Clouseau?

""I thought you said your dog doesn't bite!"""
Virgin Baker vs. Chad Joe
He looks like he just got caught jerking off in the park.
Burrow hits the gym and trains hard while Baker is sitting in the parking lot of a Cheesecake Factory
Lol the picture of burrow makes him look unstoppable.  But he isnt.
Why is that a pic of Baker from last season and not this season?
[removed]
Only giveaways homie
How much??
[deleted]
Burrow has been very good but the line has been god awful at blocking for him
"He's had his moments of inconsistencies, over throwing and whatnot, Green has come alive which some attribute his lack of success to missing training camp and just not being on the same page with Burrow.

But many times each game we see glimpses of that greatness for why he was projected as the best qb since luck, incredible accuracy, throwing guys open, making throws that seem like how tf did he do that. Go watch highlights and you'll see these plays.

A problem he has tho is our o line is trash, and a large part of his game seems to be scrambling or just flirting with the pressure so he will keep the ball too long, which is just a bad combination for our bad o line."
"Wait, do you watch any football coverage? The dude is a stud, but he will likely die on the field before we get a line that decides to block for him. I seriously can’t believe a football fan is asking if Burrow is good though."
just wondering how much you guys think he will get when we re sign him
"4 years, $60m"
"A fuckin big one. Man’s the best safety in the league so far, no argument."
"The highest paid safety is Landon Collins at $14 million AAV. I think there’s a good chance Bates becomes the highest paid safety in the league

**Eddie Jackson is actually highest paid based on AAV at $14.6"
Whatever he wants
Highest paid safety in the league. Give him 4 yrs 60 mil. Clean.
"He could switch salaries this year with AJ Green, that's for sure. I love Master Bates!"
"Copy the better run teams, put him at 14.5-15m a year for as long as he is willing to sign for. Top safeties are all at 5/6 years."
"I think with the cap not increasing bc of coronavirus, we can probably get him $13m aav"
Max
"Oh the optimism, we'll offer him 10AAV for a hometown discount and wonder why he's leaving....."
"If Jesse Bates keeps playing like this, we'll finally get a positive Brett Kollman video."
"Massive deal that will only make sense for 1 year maybe two. then he'll fall off and he'll be cut the following year. It'll be front loaded with little guarantees.

That's the Bengals way."
A trade out of Cincy for an offensive lineman.
"
Who would you rather have for a team General Manager?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jfugpr)"
Browns fan here coming in peace. Wheres the nethier option??
Don’t even know who Sashi is but I clicked
Sashi got thrown under the bus imo. He's the one who stockpiled all the picks allowing for their success now.
"Lol, how can anyone vote for Mike Brown?"
*Whom* would you rather have
This feels like a trap!
"How this poll works, Who would you rather have driving:  
1. The Captain of the Titanic.  
2. The Captain of the Hindenburg."
"Is it just me? I am tired of players requesting trades. NFL players are all highly paid and have one job! That job is, do what you are asked by the team/coaches to do and do it to the best of your ability and consistently. That may be 1 play a game, or 100 plays per game. Either way, it's your job and it's what you signed up to do when you signed your contract. Are any of us telling our employer to trade us to one of our competitors? Hell no. Look, I get it. Everybody wants something. I want to be President/CEO of my company but I'm not so I have to decide if I live with that or not. I am just tired of NFL players signing contracts, making big money and then whining when they have some adversity regarding use or play time. STFU and make yourself invaluable so they have to play you. Do the things you need to do to stay healthy. Perform like a champion and you will become a champion. Stop spending your time whining and start becoming a player. Is it just me??"
"I'm going to preface this by saying John Ross is a bust, and I fully support his benching.

Now, from John Ross' perspective, he was drafted here, he did not have a choice but to sign a contract with the Bengals.  Production aside, when the Bengals benched him, that was a flashing sign saying you're done here.  John Ross knows he has an extremely limited window to make NFL money.  Imagine your urgency with your boss if you know that you will only have the ability to use excel for five more years.  From a transaction perspective, the Bengals actually take a $2M cap hit to cut him because he's on his rookie contract, so he will not be cut.  He will be a healthy scratch for the rest of the season.  His only chance to play this season and re-build his value is to be traded, thus the request.  It's not whining, it's survival.  I don't blame him for it, but he likely has to do the work himself to bring a 7th round offer to the Bengals."
"Fuck that, they are employees. As employees they AND you and I have rights. Just because they have a job that people dream they could have and make lots of money doesn’t mean they should shut up and play. Just bc they get a big check doesn’t mean they shouldn’t be able to leverage their labor/ talents into the most money they could earn. You and I are way more similar to John Ross than John Ross is to mike Brown."
"It's not just you and I agree regarding John Ross because as a Bengals fan I'm tired of his amateur performances.  

But I definitely DO NOT agree with this sentiment in general regarding professional athletes.  No one who was not a professional or semi professional athlete understands the choices or experience of that business so take your 9-5 ""blue collar"" opinion about athletes somewhere else.  Let's look at it from a financial perspective, his ""big money"" contract is directly connected to his playing time, all nfl contracts are because they are not fully guaranteed like the NBA.  So from a monetary standpoint a player wants to make as much money as they can (playing more), which you should agree if you like capitalism. From a competitive standpoint, you want a guy on your team who should want to play.  So when a player isn't getting playing time and he can add something to the offense, I want to know. And if it were a different player like AJ or Higgins or Boyd, I'm 100% on their side.  And to your point about about ""telling our employer to trade us"" you should absolutely do that if your employer is underpaying you or undervalues your performance.  By your logic, you're just supposed to take whatever pay they agreed to for whatever duties they want you to do.  Leveon bell was right to holdout melvin Gordon was right to holdout, dalvin cook is right that he should be paid, Dak was right to demand the contract he wanted.  Ross is right in wanting to be traded.

But Ross's problem is that he's worth about as much as the guy holding the down markers."
"All can say is, be tradeable"
Disagree. You could say the exact same thing about the organization. Tired of your players wanting to move to a competitor? Be better. Hire good coaches. Become to team everyone wants to play for. Become a champion.
Ignorant post
"It's not just you, unfortunately, because nobody should be this dumb."
"Ok boomer

Ross hasn't panned out and probably needs to go, but he's at least been better than this broad-strokes crap ""hot take"" you're giving on all athletes."
Okay boomer
I just want this to be a discussion because I’m seeing a lot of hate towards ZT. I feel as if it’s unwarranted because we’ve been in some closer games that I thought would’ve been easy losses for us. I also feel like the easiest part of our schedule is coming up when we get to face 3 nfc East teams all really close to each other. I’m happy with the team because we’re getting better with joe and competing but I could def see people mad because they thought we would make the playoffs.
This is the second year in a row that we haven’t been able to find a way to win close games. And that’s concerning
Definitely didn't expect playoffs just hate to see them leave wins on the table like this.
No but I was hoping 5 wins was realistic. It doesn't feel that way now. The schedule is easier after the bye though.
He is 3-18-1 with 0 road wins under his belt...
"How about winning one fucking road game!

You really want to set the bar for that loser so low he can fall over it."
Yes blowing 21 point leads are fun. What are you talking about. Maybe its time to acknowledge zt isnt cut out for a hc gig?
"I went on a rant on Twitter about this. A lot of fans thought just because we got Joe Burrow we were gonna make a run. In all reality, this team has a lot of holes and it is very evident. I think Zac's play designs are actually pretty unique and fun, it's just the O Line doesn't give enough time for plays to develop. Everyone needs to embrace this rebuild and go through our lumps, but the fact that we went from a laughing stock and getting blown out every game to being competitive in most games is a step up"
"The thing that gets me the most about this team is that we have the talent to stay in most of the games, obviously every team is going to have a horrible game, but most of the time we have a shot at winning every game.

Lack of execution is what is killing this team. And I think that has a lot to do with the coaching. Where would a coach like Bill Beli bring this team?"
"I didn't expect playoffs, but I did expect team progression. When I watch, I do not see a team that has gotten any better from last years."
"Lol, yeah he’s good enough and we are improving at a rate that maybe....in 3 or 4 years.... when we have a stacked team.... maybe we’ll go 8-8!! Very exciting!

He’s 0-11-1 in one score games dude... that’s fucking pathetic. The team has enough talent to get 6 or 7 wins."
I mean it would have to be a very small minority of the fan base that thought this team was a playoff team. Every Bengals fan that I know was just hoping to get to something around 6 wins or so and have something to build off of. Starting off 1-4-1 isn't instilling a lot of confidence in this team going forward and it's completely understandable.
"I had pretty low expectations for this season, but these close games are literally giving me heartaches. We could very easily be 5-1 if we just finished strong."
Every game is close in this league.  Its the sloppy play and coaching decisions that are driving me crazy.  No sign of improvement over last year.
"In business, there's no such thing as ""almost closing a deal"". You either make the deal or you don't.

Same for football. It doesn't matter how much you score. You either win games or you don't.

Stop making excuses for a terrible coaching staff."
What's that? Ah - Playoffs? Don't talk about - playoffs? You kidding me? Playoffs? I just hope we can win a game!
" Didn't think we would make the playoffs, figured we would get 5-7 wins. Frankly with better playcalling and by giving out best players the most snaps we could easily be 4-2 with wins over the Chargers, Eagles, and Colts.

 Green, Tate, and Ross have each directly or indirectly requested a trade at various points this season because Zac doesn't know how to maximize their talent and seems to truly think Mike Thomas and Alex Erickson are more capable. Atkins, Dunlap, Phillips & Shawn Williams have all voiced concerns about talent being wasted. Say what you will about production/compensation on Dunlap's and Williams' end but Atkins only getting 40 snaps in two games is unacceptable, and putting Sims in over Phillips is idiotic.

 I'm happy enough with the draft class and free agency, but after seeing the O-line play last season and basically doing nothing to improve it while bringing in a rookie QB that you plan to throw right into the fire irresponsible at best and criminal at worst. I'm already starting to Burrow leave the pocket too early because he knows the line can't hold up. Another Redditor pointed out Trae Waynes basically has the same AAV as Jack Conklin, Waynes hasn't played yet but I can't understand how our secondary was seen as a bigger liability than the line.

 Ultimately the buck stops with ZT and the front office and I don't expect either to face consequences which doesn't provide much hope other than hopefully he learns. The problem is learning on the job while we have Burrow on a rookie contract is headache inducing. Hopefully the decision making and the team improve over the rest of the season but if not I wouldn't be sad to see him go this offseason."
"Has ZT shown anything to make people believe he has the chops to be an nfl head coach? With all of the one score games he has coached you would think he could fluke his way into winning atleast one of those games, but he still hasn’t managed that."
"0% expected to make playoffs.

100% expected to see an improved team. 

Joe is an improvement on the team, but Zac taylor hasn’t improved. Zac taylor has won 3 out of 22 games, none of them on the road. Idc about “close games” we had “close games” last year when we were the NFL worst. I want to win those “close games”. I’m not shipping off Zac yet, but next year needs to be his last if it looks like this."
Nah I though we would win like 5 games
"I thought we would win 1 game last year and 3 games this year. ZT’s record doesn’t matter to me at this point. The issue is he shows absolutely 0 promise and doesn’t excel in any area whatsoever. He’s a total dud of a personality and he hasnt done anything in his career to warrant the players respect or make anyone believe he should even be an NFL coordinator, much less a damn head coach. Hang onto this loser til the end of the year, then let him go back to being the coffee boy."
Its less about how good I thought we were gonna be versus how good our record should actually be right now with how the team has played
His only achievement is that he got us Joe Burrow. It's time to move on.
"A lot of people expected the offensive line addressed more urgently in the draft. Our biggest investments the past couple of years (price and Williams) aren’t producing protection to make our savior an mvp candidate. Lofty expectations, playoffs or not, are unsustainable when you gut your defense and jump on weapons like burrow and Higgins. I like Taylor a ton. New as I am to this subreddit, popular opinion wins out and the popular opinion seems to be “wtf why aren’t we protecting burrow better” rebuilds take time. We have four years to surround burrow with more competent footballers and I hate to say it, losing is how we landed burrow in the first place. Stfu"
"I expected about 5 wins, we won't even hit that"
No but zac Taylor is awful don’t defend him
I didn't even expect to win more than 6 games tbh.
"Nobody expected playoffs or even wanted to make the playoffs. It would still be extremely helpful to get a top 10 pick. However, the way we lose games is frustrating. I like Zac's offensive ideas. However, the formations and play calls at certain combinations of down and distance are a little questionable at times(reminds me of Mike McCarthy on 3rd down continuing to run shit that never works). 


The defensive coaches need to take a step back and look at the system to see what they are calling when they get shit on. Bengals are showing defenses that any decent Madden player will tell you is a huge mistake at certain down and distances and location on the field. The defense is also hurt. They also played against a dogshit O-line before the season started that would make any defense confident if they could get to the passer that fast.

Also, the reluctance to improve the o-line over the past few years is a slap in the face. It's evident these guys aren't starting material. Even Aaron Rodgers couldn't be doing much better than Burrow if he had this o-line."
"Of course most fans did, because they are delusional and have no basis in reality. The reality says we can look at next year as winning 5-8 games potentially and building up what Zach is cooking."
"I'm clearly in the minority here, but yes I expected playoffs this year. We made the playoffs with Dalton and Green in their first year. Burrow is better than Dalton, so I expected a similar turnaround."
"I was hoping for at least four wins on the year, which if we're being honest kind of feels like the playoffs. Oh and one win against (Fuck the) Steelers (tm). I don't think we are going to happen, though."
I was downvoted into oblivion by this sub during the off-season for telling people there's no way we're in the playoffs this year. It's pretty obvious if you take away your bias and look at the information. Best case scenario I thought we could win 5-6 games. We. Are. Still. Building.
I didn't.
"Most of the hate ZT gets is because none of us want to watch Burrow get sacked and hit repeatedly. If that wasn't happening every game, I think most people would be a lot happier with ZT, even if we weren't winning games, although it would probably really help that cause if Joe was getting sacked and hit repeatedly in every game"
"I thought there was an outside shot (aka be within earshot) but being so ridiculously out of contention (still to early to write us off, but you get the idea). 

That being said, I had a super optimistic/homer perspective about our O Line and overall defense. 

Still like ZT but I’m a gluten for punishment."
I expected 3-13.
"I thought there was a chance, we had a pretty easy schedule outside of playing other afc north teams:

NFC East is hot garbage, 3-4 wins

AFC South is overrated: 2-3 wins

Browns: 1-2 wins

Ravens: AJ goes off and we sneak 1 win

We should beat Chargers and Dolphins: 2 more wins

&#x200B;

8-12 wins if everthing goes right, this was clearly not the case"
I certainly didn't expect to start the season 1-4-1. Especially after all the talent we acquired in the offseason. I also guess I had the bar set a little too high for Burrow. We definitely have a franchise qb in him but he still has quite a bit of growing to do.
"No, but I expected improvement. 

Most importantly I expected improvement on the offensive line to protect our new franchise QB. 

This front office and coaching staff thought just having Jonah Williams coming off injury and signing a journeyman guard was the answer. It clearly wasn't and heads need to roll."
"Are people just forgetting the off season these guys went through due to Covid 19? Coaches and players all had to adjust to this huge unknown. We were the worst team in the league last year, we're starting a rookie QB, virtual OTAs, no preseason, etc. This team wasn't ever going to do shit this season. Just be happy we have our QB of the future and hope that these guys can right the ship for next year."
"The Bengals could easily be 4-2, but instead we're 1-4-1 because we've failed to close out some really close games. I had hopes for this year, but I think we all knew that were were not playoff ready yet. I'd end the year happy if we could gather up at least 4-5 wins, that would still be a move in the right direction over last year. I think we are a few O-line, coaching, and LB changes away from being a solid contender again, so hopefully this next off-season is a fruitful one. 

PS: Fire this damn kicker!"
I thought we would
[deleted]
[removed]
Oof.
""
"Well good news is its gonna be week 17, so Baltimore might be looking to rest some of its starters on defense."
Why do we have to be in the AFC North...
I'm so glad other bad teams continuously make our division rivals better at a pretty minimal cost.
"You guys are really gonna have to focus on your offensive line so that Burrow's career doesn't play out like Andrew Luck's. 

Jeez yall have to play like 3 elite D lines twice a year in this division."
"Perfect time to ""see what we have in Ryan Finley"" if you ask me."
"I just want to know where all our “6-8 wins” fans are now! 

The fact that national media has decided that our woeful OL is now worth talking about is nice, but we’ve all known how bad the OL has been now for.... 5 years+?

Burrow is getting mauled out there. Yes a small amount of the hits and sacks are rookie growing pains, but the rest..."
This is so gd sick how cheap they got him. Why TF aren't we making moves like this?
"He’s a prime case of “not as good as people think.” Still, a good trade for both teams. Vikings need the picks, Ravens get a rental in an important year for them."
isnt he on the vikings though?
He ded.
"Wink Martindale was hopping made at the field goal by Taylor at the end of the last game, too"
"Hate to break it to you, but Ngakoue has been barely better than Dunlap. Dude was a complete flop thanks to this trade."
How do you even say that name?
Ravens get better and the Bengals do nothing.
""
Oooool that jessie bates color makes me feel funny. I kinda like it
"For me the biggest disappointment this year is the DLine.  With Geno and Daniels' injury, DJ out for year, and Sam/Carlos underperforming I can say that might be the saddest group. Coming into the year we knew the OLine was trash and our LBs were young. But its the DLine that hurts me...."
"For my take-aways and findings..

**Offense**

* AJ Green rebounded a bit
* Jonah Williams has been consistently improving game to game
* Bobby Hart is a terrible person, but a decent run blocker
* We need Guards
* Our skill positions are very solid (WR, RB, QB, TE)

**Defense**

* Our linebackers are abysmal
* Jessie Bates is really good... rated as #1 Safety in the league
* We would have probably had a much better defense if we didn't lose Trae Waynes
* Dunlap just hasn't played well all year. Not on grading, not on stats, and not to the naked eye."
"*sees a lot of orange* 

Go Bengals! Oh, wait..."
Amazing that the only player on our offense rated lower than John Ross is Billy Price.
God Billy Price is bad at football.
So can we give up on Michael Jordan yet? What’s his excuse and why should we expect different results?
"One of the big reasons our team sucks is because our drafts have been so poor. We have had a few decent ones since Taylor took over, but our 14, 15, 17 and 18 first round picks were all epic busts. Not only did we not secure any top tier talent, but we didn’t even find serviceable players. Our top picks actually performing are Burrow, William and Jackson. We have got to start finding game changers in the first round. I think we have done that with Taylor, but he’s also had the luxury of picking top ten..."
jessie bates is a monster!!! pay the man!
Jessie bates was such a steal
"Not pictured: Coaching Staff - 36.0 points, color - RED"
"Are we getting XSF back soon. I think it will help. Then get something at LG .. glad to see Jonah in the Green. Bobby has his moments but he's been better than people would lead you to believe this year. 

Our defensive issues really do seem to just boil down to poor play calling so hopefully that improves since it got called out this week by the media.."
Is Bobby Hart’s pass-blocking grade skewed because of his run blocking? Can that be used to an advantage of rotating him on obvious passing situations?
this confirms what i have been trying to tell people all year. He still isn’t great but Bobby Hart has looked much better than the last few years
Didn't get this updated last week (super busy during the week.
"Makes me sad seeing all the Ohio state dudes not doing so good, had a lot more faith in them"
"Eh, looks a little high on offense IMO."
I'm surprised by how low Wilson and ADG are. I feel like they've been pretty solid.
"With the 12th selection, the bengals draft D. Moses, LB from Bama"
"It’s sad that mediocre green is a solid Bengal effort.  This is the pros.  Grade C players are fine, but teams also need a heart of  ‘A’ and ‘B’ grade players."
suprised logan wilson is so low
We need linebackers...
Honest question... how is our O line in mostly green?
Such a gem in Bates. Honestly kinda snuck up on me how good he actually is. It's a shame the guys around him are having such mediocre performances. Especially d-line (I'm looking at you Dunlap).
"John Ross being that much higher than Billy Price, highlights how bad Billy is."
"So, knowing it will never happen AND that I'm going to get downvoted to hell and back for suggesting it but...... *Looks at Bengals grades and cap sheet for the next two years and long list of needs*


It's probably a better idea to trade William Jackson and Jessie Bates now isn't it?

*ducks flying debris*"
John Ross and a 2nd round pick. Our DL and OL are in the biggest need of help and Williams could be a potential elite player.
"As much as I would love that trade, I don’t even think Adam Gase and the jets would give up on a guy with that kind of upside in his second year"
"We will send them geno,carlos and green"
Would love this but I doubt it happens.
Why would they want expiring John Ross lol. Just send a second if they'll take it.
A 2nd is too much IMO.
"while our OL sucks, our backup QB situation just scares me...I don't think we have had this little depth at QB since I was a wee little Bengals fan watching Klingler get confused on what team to throw the ball to...while its not the biggest priority, I think we need someone with some experience both to work with Burrow in practice but give some breathing room knowing that if Burrow twists his Ankle were not relying on Finley to play a few drives."
""
"I mean, I don’t know what the price would be, but picking him up for a 3rd or later would be nice. Would fix a huge hole at RG on that line"
"I would love to get him, but I'm already hearing the excuses.  ""We don't want to make other teams better with our picks."" ""We like the guys we already have."" ""Our guys know our system."" ""We tried our best, just couldn't get it done.""

Take your bets which excuse they'll use!"
Honestly even if its only for a season or two he could teach Mike how to be a fucking guard.
Seriously
It makes too much sense to happen
Hahahahahhaahhaha not happening. Mike Brown not smart
We won’t do shit
Zero chance and I hope I eat my words.
A 6th and john Ross.
"He's still a RG, right? I would love it, but I can't imagine they would give up draft capital for a RG when SuaFilo is coming back soon. They obviously thought he was the correct guy to bring in during the offseason when they signed him to a 3 year deal, and I don't think his half game against the Chargers changed anything"
maybe a 4th and throw in Ross for free
Not under taylor and Turner's watch
"4th and billy price let’s do it


Then trade 1st 2nd and 3rd pick for the #2 overall and draft Sewell, truly I’m ok with trading more than that if needed for him if we give joe burrow a GOOD o line oh man oh man we will be looking forward to more than just a playoff win"
Get them both!
I don't care what it costs get him. Put him in and let filo play the other side when he comes back. Instant upgrade
He ain’t coming here on 12.5 million and 14 million cap hits get real.
SPAIN AND ZEITGEIST!!!!!
"If he costs as much as his Cameo videos, I think he may be a bit over-valued.

&#x200B;

[https://www.cameo.com/showtimetate](https://www.cameo.com/showtimetate)"
I would give up to a 2nd  rounder  for himtbh
""
Him and Gio should have 80 receptions a year
"Yeah I watched this earlier. I think hes best at receiving then actually running , unless the running lanes are big like this game."
"I knew they both went to Oklahoma, I just never really realized that Baker and Joe were teammates until now"
"Huh. This is actually very interesting. It'd be sick if Mixon developed a reputation as an RB that gets thrown to just as often as he runs, similar to how Llamar Jackson has his dual-reputation as a passer and runner. Mixon is also #1 in the league in yards after first contact, he can probably truck through anyone that's one-on-one against him. Also just having Mixon as a quick reliable shovel option adds a lot of insurance to Burrow vs the blitz. It's definitely an idea to think about, but I'm not an NFL coach, so what do I know lol."
We should definitely incorporate him into the passing game more but the worst NFL defense is a far cry from Texas Tech on its best day.
"
Feel free to chat about anything you want."
The bengals make me sad for their players with potential
Any idea when XSF comes back from injury?
when we signing spain
"I know we’re in the era of “running backs don’t matter”... but I really think the Bengals need to think about adding a second effective running back this offseason. I love Gio but he isn’t what he used to be out of the backfield, though still effective in pass protection and as a catches."
[What it's like to be a Bengals fan in 2020](https://i.ibb.co/k0J5tRW/borat-2-ring-the-bell.gif)
""
"Did you know that it's actually Al Golden, the linebackers coach who calls plays on 3rd down?"
"It was actually Phillips, Sims, and Bell in man that got picked on more than our ""soft zone""."
They also always call defensive timeouts that lead to touchdowns lol.  Seriously must have happened at least 3 times already this year.
The Zone numbers are almost the same as the Man numbers if you actually look at them and stop pretending to know what you are talking about.
It's funny because it's TRUE and painful
Every. Fucking. Time. It’s not even like a good zone coverage either it’s some shitty thing a fuckin 2 year old drew up
""
"William Jackson III was also just ruled out, I don’t like our chances of getting a W this week..."
Pain
fuck
Gio time!
Trayveon still out Number 3 or is Rodney still here?
Pain
Ill just bend over and take my ass beating now dad
Soon we will be 1-7-1 and the zac taylor experience will be over
"Bench Burrow and start tank commander Finley.

Operation Tank for a Lineman is a go."
"Don’t worry Bengals fans, the Baker Mayfield death spiral has begun."
[removed]
Burrow will pass for 350 and we’ll lose by 10...sacked 7 times. Real hot take here...lol
So is William Jackson. Not looking good...
Well there goes our playoff run I guess... damn
Obviously mixon is a much better player. But how much of a production decrease will we see fron the forced change to bernard?
"It's going to change the run game style. Mixon's just vastly superior on the inside/in traffic.

The biggest thing they'll miss Sunday is Mixon's ability to turn a 3 yard loss into a 1 yard gain."
"15%

Edit: i am starting Gio in my fantasy league now"
It's gonna be another 60 attempt day for Joe. Lots of screens or screen attempts to gio. If gio has space we'll be oke. If the browns play tight on him it's gonna ba long day.
"Mixon is the better overall back but Geo is a little faster, a little tougher...its a trade off, Mixon can turn a lot of 1 yard runs into 5 yard runs but then Geo can bust through a goal line formation with the best of them.  All in all I the weakness comes more in terms of can Geo make the 3rd down and goal line plays he is famous for while taking the 1st and 2nd down carries?  That said I am actually really excited to see what Trayevon Williams brings to the table and if he is able to be effective enough so that Geo does not have to play every down I think we stand a chance at having a good game"
"One thing I will say, Gio is a hell of a pass blocker for his size. He seems to always know exactly what to do on his assignments."
Is Williams still injured?
"Gio is beyond underrated and has never been given the chance to showcase his athleticism.  He was starter for 1 year and broke the 1000 yard rushing mark, to me, hes just as.good. and better at catching, then mixon"
Over 100p in total yards
Meant overall yardage. I think he needs to play a bigger role in the offense
"I miss the Rudi Johnson and Dillon running styles. Breaking tackles and running over people. No knock on Mixon. He is better in the open field and a better receiver, but get one finger on him and he goes down. I think Perine has more of the bulldozer run style."
[removed]
"I mean the bills just extended him with 15 mil and then randomly cut him? There’s something off about it, and I’m sure it probably has something to do with character. The coaches are trying to put the whole new dey thing in movement and probably don’t wanna take a chance on getting someone with questionable character. Just a guess tho, I say go get him and help burrow out a little bit."
[deleted]
""
The bengals will cover this game.
Yeah I hate that the browns are actually good this year. It really sucks for us. Any other year we could have been 3-3-1 after this week...
Mixon and who?
We are trash
Just another high draft pick 😂 I’ll take the best lineman please and thanks
Browns are still some MID
Browns have played two good teams and got trounced
""
""
Nice
Final score 4-20?
Nice
going to the game can’t wait! whodey!!
Fuck those Cleveland uni’s were atrocious
How about whichever QB wins in a fist fight gets the W for the team. Not sure any of the 32 starting QBs could beat up our boy. Having 2 older brothers counts for something.
"No Willy Jackson or Mixon doesn’t bode well for us, especially after the browns just got embarrassed last week"
" **From the countless injuries, a byproduct of no offseason programs, to the virus known as No. 19 rockin' facilities across the league, this has easily been a year that's caused football fans more anxiety and bouts with depression than any other. At this point, there's no question whether the guys who opted out are geniuses, but as the show goes on, so must we. Here are 4MP's top games of Week 7.** [https://4ormypeople.com/athletics/2020/10/23/nfls-top-games-of-week-7](https://4ormypeople.com/athletics/2020/10/23/nfls-top-games-of-week-7)"
"Without Mixon, I’m not seeing it."
""
"Without Mixon, not sure we do."
"I know some of our best guys are out, but I got a weird  feeling our boys are gonna win! (I’m on drugs)"
"Tbf, we don't. Too many injured key players and I just don't have confidence in the coaching. We're gonna get rocked tomorrow, like 35 to 17"
Had a dream last night that we got blown out by the browns and scored 0 lol my subconscious agrees apparently
They’re probably correct in thinking so
Stay at home moms know their X’s and O’s.
I hope the browns.  I want the top pick so we can load up on 1st and 2nd round picks. Time for a complete rebuild of play makers.  Trade green Dunlap and Ross.   Get this moving.
""
Moves the Bengals *won't make
This is basically the same list from last year. I’m sure the front office is on their way to the annual trip to Switzerland.
Firing this entire coaching staff minus Simmons is the best move they could make.
Is firing Zac Taylor to prevent a Dave Schula type of collapse part of the plans? This team is regressing to Pre-Marvin years.
"Who even knows if a team would trade for any of those players. On top of it, why would Mike Brown make other teams better? His words, not mine"
""
"I'm out of the loop, what's going on with Dunlap?"
He had an Instagram post celebrating the ESPN layoffs in 2017 where 100+ people lost their jobs.  He cited “karma” apparently because some of the laid off individuals had him lower than anticipated on their draft boards coming out of FL because of.....a lack of maturity.  He’s been great in the community and on the field but this is a bad look.
I mean he hasn’t gotten a sack through 6 games so yeah he deserves to get benched
"He's still at minimum one of our best 2 at DE. He's being asked to do things that dont use his best traits as a player.  He's being benched in favor of players who havent proven what he has and arent as good.

My favorite part of looking at his post were the comments.  I saw one trend.  Fans were trying to act like he was stupid and washed up, while I saw a number of current and former PLAYERS (you know guys who have been around the game at that level) defend him.  I'll get downvoted for this but oh well.  Yall act like if you were in the same position you wouldnt be pissed or frustrated.  When players in that locker-room are feeling similar and siding with Dunlap you look really dumb going against the things he is presenting."
"The number of debilitating injuries is astronomical, and this impacts everyone from the players, their families to all us schmucks throwing disposable income down the drain to play fake GM. With all that said, we still have football, and here are our top players to start and sit in Week 7. [https://4ormypeople.com/athletics/2020/10/24/4ormypeoples-nfl-week-7-fantasy-players-to-start-amp-sit](https://4ormypeople.com/athletics/2020/10/24/4ormypeoples-nfl-week-7-fantasy-players-to-start-amp-sit)"
""
"FWIW I think the Bengals D holds the Browns O in check if they do the following:

1. Generate interior pressure in creative ways and box the pocket
2. Disguise coverages
3. Zone- and man-match defenses to defend sprint outs and rollouts
4. Fire zone galore vs. both run and pass"
"I dont ever wanna be lou, somebody else needs the sticks cause he sucks"
""
There's an almost zero percent chance AJ gets traded.
:/
"His salary makes him untraceable.

He was franchised and his $18 million is fully guaranteed. Nobody is touching that.

He’ll finish out this year and then adios."
AJ green will never don a jersey that isn’t stripes pray to the football gods
[removed]
""
Love seeing these guys new videos every week! @ESPN should do a segment on em
They are now known as providing the soundtrack for our losses each week
""
     I’m planning on going to the game next Sunday but I saw there was no tailgating for this season. Is there any private lots or good bars to go to and pregame?
He’s always been a stand up guy and chats with fans all the time #givetheballtotrayveon
"I’d definitely like to see something from him.  I’m a fan.

He’s been buried on the depth chart but if the talent was there he’d have a role."
Don’t expect any. Gio will probably get 95% of the snaps
""
"**For the record this was done by my very artistic girlfriend, I have exactly zero talents.**"
A Bengals fan in Seattle?
Nice! I love it
#WhyDey?
https://i.imgur.com/fhWdjC6.jpg Mine last year
[This was from 2018](https://imgur.com/3wfc4bU)
Greetings fellow seattlite!
I think using jail bars was sooo 7 years ago. jk looks good
[deleted]
Lol
Damn lol
Ah to have hope
""
Hank Hill ass
My wiiiiiiiiffeee
i love this woman
WAKE UP
*muffled sobbing under a blanket*
"Is everybody ready for glimmering hope, followed by devistating grief WHO DEY"
About to attend this shit show in person.  Send beer money.  I'm going to need it
"Sad mixon isn't playing but on the bright side, our 2nd best lineman will be out there full time today.

I think they should probably just put Gio at RT and not waste anyones time."
I had optimism for the season after last weeks 1Q.  I’ve lost a lot of that and think we get smacked today against an above average browns team. Hopefully I’m wrong
And to be completely honest I think Carlos Dunlap is acting like a cry baby.
I have 2 tickets for section 152. I can’t go unexpectedly. They were $200 a piece but I have them on Ticketmaster for $155 each. Section 152 row 25. Anyone interested in going?
I am ready to be hurt again
Pain
Fts
""
Wow. Just wow.
It'll be more realistic if you turn it on its side :(
Nice work!
I'm legit impressed you got all the letters in there. Well done!
"This is awesome. 

I'm going to make my Bengals pumpkin even scarier... I'm going to carve our record from the past three seasons into the pumpkin."
"Either his helmet or his jersey is on backwards, but otherwise gj!"
""
"You son of a bitch, I'm in

 https://imgur.com/6lJySib"
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jhv5tx)"
I never expected to win anything this season. All I care about is watching Burrow
Jokes on you I'm gonna watch the Steelers and the Bengals get destroyed at the same time
"If the Titans destroy the Steelers, let's just forfeit next week yeah?"
r/agedlikemilk
"Browns fan here, even though I'm not a Bengals fan, I voted ""Bengals all the way"" because you guys absolutely have a shot at winning it today. Baker is wildly inconsistent right now and we're not playing our best at the moment.

If you guys play like you did at the beginning of that Colts game last week, you absolutely will beat us. The Browns give up once there is a huge deficit."
Really!!!   105 to  15?!! You fuckers are convincing.  Ok.  I’m in.
I grew up going to PBS with a brown paper bag over my head with Mike Brown’s name on it. I’m a life-long gluten for punishment.
As much as I fuckin despise the Steelers I'll never want them to lose more than us to win.
I just watch Redzone. Not sitting through commercials
Yes
Where’s the option for neither ?
"Watching titans/steelers

But that's because I live in FL and that's the game I get on my local CBS"
"#Cleveland Browns at Cincinnati Bengals

Paul Brown Stadium- Cincinnati, OH

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:04

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Browns|3|7|7|20|37|
|Bengals|7|10|3|14|34|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|CIN|TD|1|(6:53) J.Burrow up the middle for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|1|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|FG|1|(1:23) C.Parkey 43 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Hughlett, Holder-J.Gillan.|
|CIN|FG|2|(11:13) R.Bullock 37 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|TD|2|(3:42) (Shotgun) B.Mayfield pass short left to H.Bryant for 3 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CLE|PAT|2|C.Parkey extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Hughlett, Holder-J.Gillan.|
|CIN|TD|2|(:21) (Shotgun) J.Burrow pass short middle to T.Boyd for 11 yards, TOUCHDOWN. The Replay Official reviewed the score ruling, and the play was Upheld. The ruling on the field stands.|
|CIN|PAT|2|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|TD|3|(9:34) (Shotgun) B.Mayfield pass short middle to H.Bryant for 6 yards, TOUCHDOWN [C.Dunlap].|
|CLE|PAT|3|C.Parkey extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Hughlett, Holder-J.Gillan.|
|CIN|FG|3|(2:52) R.Bullock 23 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|TD|4|(13:17) B.Mayfield pass deep middle to D.Njoku for 16 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CLE|PAT|4|C.Parkey extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Hughlett, Holder-J.Gillan.|
|CIN|TD|4|(8:51) (Shotgun) J.Burrow pass short middle to T.Higgins for 16 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|4|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|TD|4|(4:57) (Shotgun) B.Mayfield pass short left to K.Hunt for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CLE|PAT|4|C.Parkey extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Hughlett, Holder-J.Gillan.|
|CIN|TD|4|(1:09) J.Burrow pass short right to G.Bernard for 3 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|4|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|TD|4|(:15) (Shotgun) B.Mayfield pass deep right to D.Peoples-Jones for 24 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Browns | 5 | 40 | 82 | 316 | 23 |
| Bengals | 7 | 45 | 81 | 387 | 31 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/bengals/comments/ji091h/post_game_thread_cleveland_browns_at_cincinnati/)
Let’s all get irrationally excited so the devastation is even worse
##THE HIGHS AND LOWS OF A BENGALS GAME
So is Sample actually a good draft pick now?
I was wondering when we would call our timeout that we’ll definitely need later.
NO POINTS IN THE LAST 2 MINUTES!!!!
Even if you like ZT you have to agree Lou Armadillo needs to be fired
"raise your hand if you knew 66 seconds with no timeouts was too much to ask of this ""defense."""
Joe Biden MORE LIKE JOE BURROW BABEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY LFGGGGGGGGGG
"I hate the NFL announcers.

Mayfield does simple dump plays. HE'S THE GREATEST EVER!

Burrow makes play. Defense can't give that up."
"Having a Burrow/Boyd/Higgins/Mixon core for the next 5 years at least, I’m fucking pumped"
Ward threw a fucking punch WHAT?
"Fire the DC, unacceptable. I can't take this shit anymore."
Next play: Burrow throws a pass to himself and catches it for a TD.
"Comes off the field pissed and 30 seconds later is watching video.  

We couldn't ask for someone with a better mentality."
"Don't even let Anarumo back in the locker room, just send him to the fucking parking lot and never look back"
Burrow is on for 400 yards fellas
Lou must be short for Loser
TEE MY SWEET SUMMER CHILD NOOOOO
"Game summary:

Joe: Burrow

Who: Dey

Defense: optional"
Fuck Lou He’s useless garbage at his job. Fuck him. The Qb went 21/21 for 5tds after the 1st quarter. That is bad play calling and horrible mismanagement of talent. Fucking fire his useless ass
Burrow you crazy fuck I love you lmao
this is on Joe burrow next time maybe he'll throw for 600 700 yards
Of course....shit was going too well
WE DRAFTED A LB
Sample=YAC
Fourth quarter lead and just need a defensive stop.  What could go wrong?
Jesus Christ. Burrow literally has to carry this whole fucking team.
"Burrow doesn't deserve this bullshit. He's got to be tired of this team, god knows I am."
Burrow is a winner on a losing team
That was on Joe
Jesus Christ a pick and OBJ and an O-lineman have I just watched the most disastrous play of all time???
"Dive for it, its football, not ballet. Fuck man"
God it so funny when a player bitches about being benched and then he fucks up causing the browns drive to live on
"So our line is:
Fred Johnson, Michael Jordan, Trey Hopkins, Alex Redmond, Bobby Hart

If we win this game, Burrow is GOD."
"Hey God, so Joe Burrow has an O-line consisting of Fred Johnson, Michael Jordan, Billy Price, Alex Redmond, and Bobby Hart. Please have mercy on his soul for 2 quarters is all I ask."
FOURS UP BOYS WHO'S READY FOR MORE SOUL CRUSHING DEFEAT WOOOOOOOOO
"If they can stop jerking Baker off, that’d be great. That was literally the only decent throw he’s had all day, but of course they’ll suck him off because he’s completed a bunch of shitty little dump offs or wayyyyyy open WRs"
That's a big dick play call. 2 sneaks. That's just saying our interior line can beat yours. I don't have that much faith in this line lol.
"You know, even with all of the dumb typical bengals shit that keeps us from actually enjoying games... they’re doing alright"
15 seconds. Let’s hope the Browns knee because we are notorious for giving up points before half haha
7 point lead? Time for Lou to have the defense play some soft zone and not cover TEs.
God that was a good swipe by the Db. So fuckin unlucky
That was good d unfortunately
Look at them deciding the best way to fuck the Bengals.
Veteran move by AJ that was nice
"C'mon Mayfield, you have one more fuckup in you today."
WHY THE FUCK DO WE CONTINUE TO THROW ZONE D OUT THERE WHEN IT NEVER WORKS
"Browns defense has been dirty this entire game, how pathetic."
Poor Joe Burrow. How many times has this Defense cost him a win? Hes constantly getting screwed over by these garbage bums.
"I literally can't believe that happened, against Baker

I'm actually glad, hopefully that's the nail to fire these coaches"
"Calling it here, 75 yd fat randy field goal."
Lou still being around after this is the most inexcusable thing ever.
zac taylor will now be 1-12-1 in 1 score games
There we go. It was going to great. Why the fuck did Joe just not run to the right it was wide open
AJ MFING GREEN
Keep thinking about how Dunlap kept that drive alive. Way to go dude. Hope they sign you to an extension. Fucking whiner
Every other cut is to Burrows girlfriend and parents lol
One thing about our terrible line this year is it has to get better. And Burrow is playing so well under pressure. Just think how calm and collected he’ll be when we get a solid front 5 in the future.
That’s the easiest pick I’ve ever seen dropped.
Liking this Sample kid. Likes to run over people.
Tee is a stud.
THEY REALLY LET THIS MAN FALL TO US
Cincy Higgens > Cleveland Higgens
"Ok, now who here actually believes the D will help us out? Lol"
I just want to say. Sample catches that if the LB is not hanging on his fucking arms....
Coulda thrown a flag for a late hit
"Gotta say, ZT has called a really solid game today."
21/21 says it all. Fire Lou. Straight up.
"If Lou Anarumo is still employed tomorrow, we need to organize a boycott.

His defense allowed 22 straight completions since the mid 1st quarter. His squad blew a game with 1 minute left and no timeouts for the offense after Burrow lead a comeback."
Awful throw. He had two Browns waiting to bat / pick.
A SOUL FOR A SOUL
ZAC HAS LEARNED THE QB SNEAK FRIENDS
Burrow is the new Brady QB Sneak god
Green still got it. He just needed a preseason
"Damn, when Higgins said we were going to see a different type of receiver, I didn't think he meant one that wasn't getting targets T_T"
This defense is just so poorly schemed.
Throw it deep. its what Jonah would have wanted
Covering TEs is something the Bengals have had an allergy to for about a decade.
"Lou wanted to let the browns score at the end of the half, but unfortunately there wasn’t enough time left on the clock"
Wow ZT look at that. Throw some creativity and you can actually catch the defense off guard!
Bernard is unfoundedly my favorite bengal
Prayers for Andy man. What a dirty fucking hit.
Can we fire our DC rn
Joe just got a donation don’t waste it
Ward should be tossed. BS
I gotta admit. Sample looks TOUGH when he runs with the ball. I’d like to see him run over more defenders for sure.
HOW THE FUCK WAS THAT NOT PI?!?!?!?!?!
"Let’s be clear, defense lost us this one."
"Baker throws to a guy wide open in the backfield who runs untouched into the endzone.

Spero: WHAT A PLAY BY BAKER MAYFIELD"
"If Bengals win, I'm gonna have to sub to Burrow's OnlyFans"
Defensive time out.  Touchdown.  I'm not kidding it happens every fucking time.  Hope I'm wrong
"How you can keep your job as a DC after 20+ completed passes in a row is beyond me.

It's a fucking broken scheme."
"Touchdown out of a defensive timeout.

&#x200B;

Fire Lou and cut Phillips already."
Imagine you have a quarterback who throws 440 yards and loses by 3 points against the browns
"3 things in this life are certain.  Death, taxes, and Anarumo's defense is gonna crumble under pressure"
"Oof man. 

Im down for a coach fire mid season. We really have nothing to lose and really, zac is shitting the bed, hes so new lets not let him get entrenched"
AJ made the clutchest catch but lets shit on him /s
YOU SON OF BITCH IM BACK IN
"Shame to see two players going down on the same play, unless its the Steelers of course."
This is classic Bengals vs. Browns. Gotta love it!
"That's how you do it Zac, thank you for not calling some cutsie bullshit"
Mike Thomas with a John Ross impression
This is the most Ohio game ever.
Fuckkkk recover that or get it out of bounds
Mayfield is ass
That's the AJG we know and love
Who the fuck goes off roading in a Kia?
Remember to vote November 3rd guys ^^^for ^^^Vermin ^^^Supreme
Baker had like 3 guys wide the fuck open. Lou gotta get the fuck out
I love Mixon but why do we let Gio just rot on the bench get them both on the field.
"I'm sitting here thinking of how cool it is, that I've carried my Sunday tradition of watching Bengals football, to my wife and daughter... And what a terrible person I am for putting that pain on these poor, wonderful ladies"
Woah Dalton got ko'd bad
We start well on defense and then the opponent figures us out and then we have absolutely no idea what to do. It's all on the coaching staff
Man I can't stand Mayfield.
ah shit here we go again- also Andy got fucking murdered all around a very Bengals day
Sample is having a nice game
ROOKIE TO ROOKIE TOUCHDOWN FOR THE LEAD
"Offense plays well, defense plays like shit

Defense plays well, Offense plays like shit

A tale as old as time"
How does Lou still have a job? Even if we score here we'll find a way to give up more points.
"""Fuck you all, do it myself"", is what Burrow says."
THATS MY QB
"Taylor and the entire defensive staff should be fired immediately.

HOW DO YOU ALLOW THAT WHEN THEY HAVE NO TIMEOUTS?!"
Fire Anarumo
Cincinnati sports teams and hanging on to trash coaching staffs. Name a more iconic duo.
"Ok so are we sure Zac is the problem cause I think Lou thinking blitzing when they’re in scoring range is possibly the worst decision I’ve ever seen. Jesus, like this isn’t the ‘88 SB. You can’t hold a team to at least a fg. We should be asking for this guy’s head. He’s terrible"
of course burrow throws a pick
BOBBY DIDNT FUCKING TOUCH THAT GUY WTF
The announcer just had to start saying some shit about being perfect on 3rd down.
Joe has to get better at just throwing away broken plays like that last one. He holds it too long and it gets him in trouble often.
Yeah Higgins is ok but I like Higgins better
Our young LBs look really promising.
9 TO 85
Why are they trying to make that seem close?  Lmao
"Unreal catch. Boyd is so damn good at what he does. He, Higgins/Green, and then Auden Tate in slot is what I want to see. We don't have speed, let's just use size instead, especially in red zone with he and Higgins."
Now that we’re up at half time for that prevent D
"the tried and true ""just fuck me up fam"" zone"
"The 3 constants of Bengaldom

1) Can’t tackle 
2) Never stop Tight Ends
3) Heartbreak"
"I think I've said this every week but it bears repeating. A big play to a TE is going to happen to every team, but it happens to the Bengals four to five times a game. This is the only defense I've ever seen that essentially disregards opposing Tight Ends. Lou Anarumo is the worst DC in football and I don't know how much longer I can support this team when they refuse to address these issues."
Man Higgins looked like Chad Johnson running right there. His stride and hand mannerisms. I’ll always smile seeing 85 running in stripes.
A lot of armchair WRs here think they can make that over Green getting it swatted away...
Bell lowkey a better edge rusher than a safety lmoa
"Thanks, Lawson, for lining up in the Browns backfield."
"Baker Mayfield since the first quarter: 15 of 15, 182 yards, 3 TDS"
Lmao that wouldve been 6 too
Still confused on what PI is
Fire Lou!
Last 4 browns possessions = TDS. Lou needs to go
If we just score as time runs out then we won't have to worry about our defense /s (but not really)
Fuck the Browns. Pulled his arm the completely other way
Someone suck his dick right there on the field!!!
BIG DICK JOE
BURROW IS OUR TEAM
Joe burrow is my hero. I love how much he wants it. The kid hates to lose.
Burrow is PISSED
Joe is a fucking BALLER
I wish I could feel comfortable but there’s still like a 75% chance we lose😂
This is what happens when you hire your defensive coordinator off of Craigslist
Fire Lou ASAP
Fire Lou right fucking now
Put Lou in front of a fucking firing squad
"Wasting talent , fuck Phillips"
This team is so fucking exhausting
Lou better be fired after this. Unacceptable!
Damn!  Most teams with a lead with 66 seconds left are good.  With the Bengals?  Im shocked The Browns were not able to score two TDs in that time against this defense.
Im so fucking done. Im embarrassed to be a bengals fan
Well that's a kick in the penis.
That INT physically hurts me
Time to lose all of this momentum the second the first quarter ends!
"“That’s 300 pounds of man coming into you.”
*pause*"
Why did #60 on the Bengals not do anything?
Fucking push that out of bounds lineman Jesus Christ
Baker is so bad lol. 0/5 1 int
Why is CLE even passing the ball at this point?
Dot to AJ on the free play!
Finley: Underrated Sideline Hype Man
It’s been a slow start but seeing Green looking like his old self is a thing of beauty
That gioscream lmao
4th and 42?!
Boyd giving 110% on every play
Our inability to pick up blitzes is insane
Can we please pass it to Higgins?
Hunt looking better then Dunlap has all season
Jonah Williams is currently doubtful to return with a neck injury. Pain.
Jonah Eiffert
There's 2 minutes left and we're driving.  I sure hope we figure out a way to give up points before the half.  It wouldn't feel right if we didn't.
That call was as soft as Mayfield's dick
AirBnB!!
Why do we always make no-name players look good
I see employee 96 is doing a lot with his opportunities
"I am consistently amazed by Gios blocking ability, how can he do it when he's that small?"
Baker isn't even the 2nd best qb in this game
Nearly the best worst touchdown pass of all time
Amazing pass considering he had about a half second to pick the ball off the ground and throw it.
"Bengals haven't forced an incompletion since mid 1st quarter.

Lou Anarumo cannot keep his job if they lose this game. The defense is dragging this team down. You have to be able to see what someone else could do with the same squad at this point. 1.5 seasons worth of games is enough of a sample size."
I really can’t stand Lou. I hate this defense. I hate the play calling.
In real time I thought bell had made a great play
Fire Lou what the actual fuck was that playcall? Why would you clear out the safeties?
3 TE TDs today. Awful
STOP GIVING BAKER MAYFIELD’S CHIMP BRAIN TIME TO MAKE DECISIONS
"If the bengals don't score right here, game over"
Holy shit thanks for not INT
Zac Taylor loves timeouts
The defense is going to leave me very disappointed.
Well hopefully we can do that twice in a row cause Browns will score easily again
Now can we get a stop for once?
Do Lou needs out of Cincy like now.
Defense blows.  Baker 18-18 since going 0-5.  At least Fat Randy can't blow this one.
"Unless we go on a touchdown drive that drains every single second left in the game, this is a loss. Defense has been absolutely pathetic."
2 things happen here. We go down the field only to fumble/interception or we score with 30 seconds left and then Browns go down the field and win.
Higgins 😢
23 with the extra shot to break the collarbone
We’re gonna score too quickly and then our fate is in the hands of Lou
Saw joe get mad!! Hell yeah!!
That was PI
Fuck it I'll do it myself
"Joe Burrow as our quarterback is like when you get a group assignment and you end up doing all the work.

“Fuck it I’ll do it myself”"
Where'd Joe's dad go? He can't watch lol
"I think that was an incredibly dumb timeout by the Browns.  By calling it before the 2 minute warning, they saved 6 seconds.  By calling it after the 2 minute warning, they save 40 seconds."
This defense is disgusting
Fire lou
Worst defense ever?
Baker Mayfield with 21 consecutive completions. That's a new low for this team.
How the fuck does Lou manage to blow a lead with 1 minute left and no TOs and keep his job. Because we all know he's not going anywhere.
"You’d think you’d get used to heartbreak, but your never really do"
Fire that useless fuck Lou right now god damnit
Lou HAS to be fired after this game
Fire Anarumo fucking now
DARIUS PHILLIPS TALKS ALL THAT SHIT BUT DOESNT DO SHIT.
I'm sorry Joe :'(
"Alright, without question no moral victories here, Lou needs fired and if ZT won’t do it then ZT needs to go.

This is it, get this shitty coach or coaches out here"
I have zero expectations and still get let down....
Why. Every fucking game
Not on Green dude made a hell of a swat literally in the air lmao
Let’s be real guys. This team is not far off from being a tough contender. We are easily the best team in the NFC east.
"According to Google Burrow's gf went to Mason high school, bunch of true bengals fans"
"If Anarumo keeps his job through the bye week, do we just assume they're tanking again?

He's clearly outclassed week after week. His scheme is exposed play after play. He has shown no ability to adapt and improve.

He doesn't deserve to keep his job."
Lazy throw
Idc who it is I hate seeing all the fucking injuries this year man.
"FWIW, Dalton had 7 INTs in his first 7 games and 60 over his first four years. Young QBs struggle. It's part of the process, guys."
Baker looks like a goblin
That was a convoluted way of getting a touchdown but I'll take it.
Just saw the replay of the INT again...Phillips turned his head back and located that ball hella fast. Impressive
Was that Darius Phillips INT pretty impressive with how late he actually got eyes on the ball or am I just really stoned?
That was a nice touch by Burrow to give the ball to the lineman to spike.  It's little things like that that will push those guys to give a little extra effort.
"Don't let the foot of the gas, guys.

Last week still happened."
Dunlap looks thrilled
"You get a flag, you get a flag, you get a flag. EVERYONE GETS A FLAG"
"Ah yes let's have the rookie go 1 on 1 against Myles Garrett. How many sacks and stip sacks will it take before not just us, but any team to realize 1 on 1 versus Garrett is a very bad idea?"
Is 0/5 1 INT good?
"Lol okay, our defense tho

To elaborate I’m elated by the way our coverage as been."
Fuck the Steelers
Really want AJ to get in the end zone this game. It’s been too long
Thank god he didn’t try to just throw it up
"Bobby just like ""oh hey there goes the defender lol"""
Baker didn't complete a single pass that first quarter.
Hahahahaha wtf was that
Bullshit 74 moved first
Don’t tell the Browns that they don’t need to do these trick plays to move the ball on our defense. The basic stuff works just fine.
That's Bengals football baby
The announcers have confused the Bengals and Browns multiple times in this game. Do they not recognize the difference in the teams?
"Joe vs the defense, our o-line, and the world"
What’s this? Clock management?!
**YEAH BOYD**
This team fucks me up so much. Every damn week we compete. I just can’t get my hopes up. But. I. Can’t. Help. It. LFG!!!!!!!!
PLAY STANDS LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
"Joe had 234 pass yards in the first half...damn! That used to be a 4 quarter stat line for dalton. Not knocking Andy, great dude. But damn Joe is good. Joe is God."
The patented open by 6 yards defense
"3rd down. Throw to a TE.

What the fuck is the aversion to playing any sort of tight coverage on a TE from Lou?"
If Burrow can actually drive with this line...he's a hero
Burrow tasked failed successfully
LMAO WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT MAGIC?
"Watch out burrow, Boyd is coming for your job"
I really like these play designs when the offense gets rolling!
"the trust, Burrow didn’t even flinch before throwing it to AJ"
They acting like Baker hasn’t been throwing check downs all half
I'm starting to think that our pass rush is the weakest part of this team. It's just been non existent this year.
This defense is killing me
Please please just fire Lou
They are just going to keep scoring TDs while we kick field goals
Outside of the 1st quarter this defense is one of the worst I've ever seen. They stop nothing.
That was really bad
Ward should be out of here
Zac chill we woulda gotten that off
Green baby
GIVE US A CALL REFS GOD DAMN
Tee kind of did a shuffle there
Bruh this man Mitchell is throwing so hard for us Jesus
"We have such a chance to be good if we can get the line fixed. Burrow, Mix, Higgins, Boyd, Tate. We haven't had that talented a squad since Palmer, Johnson, Ocho, Housh, Henry."
"Good, let them score quick so we have more time to regain the lead lol"
Can you fuckers cover someone
"The Bengals have not forced an incompletion since the Browns second drive of the game, mid first quarter."
Fire. This. Coaching. Staff.
IF ZAC WANTS TO CHANGE CULTURE START BY GETTING RID OF LOU
"And this is why Lou needs to go. The terrible announcers were right on, d is solid sometimes, but never comes up when they need to"
When was the last time we had a sack? Feels like years
GET UP TEE 😭😭😭
DONT SCORE TOO FAST!!!!
Gotta admit. I got hard when I saw Burrow signal first down. 👀
"I wouldn't care to lose this game if it was just the Browns, but the refs beating us again is what pisses me off"
Burrow will win this game!! He is sick and tired!!!
Burrow pissed off now lol
HB dive to get us to two minute warning and try to milk as much clock before punching in 6
Damn Joe looked pissed
Man this kid has huge fucking balls! Dude is something special.
A minute..too much effing time.
ZT just dropped his nuts on the table with that call
Can we play defense for 1 minute?
"I’m so anxious RN, I don’t trust this defence at all."
I want this win so bad. Please give it.
"I’ve been burned too many times to expect anything less than our defense to let them march right down the field

Edit: called it"
This defense makes me wanna tie a noose
I’ve finally reached my breaking point this season. Fuck this team except for Joe and Gio.
#WHY DO I STILL EVEN WATCH
Lou needs to be fired tonight. Fucking ridiculous.
"I mean, this team needs a lot of work across the board.

The DBs are trash
The LBs are trash
The D Line isn’t great
The O Line is actually slowly becoming our fourth biggest issue instead of our first

And the coaches are trash"
Entire coaching staff should be fired. Another loss in a one-score game is beyond unacceptable at this point
[deleted]
I can’t imagine getting a lucky break at being a HC so early on and filling all the positions with friends instead of qualified people.
That might be it for this coaching staff. They don’t like losing to the Browns twice.
Why am I still scared the browns are going to score to end the half?
praying for dalton
I don't wanna hear zac taylor slander. This shit is all on the DC
If the Bengals could take a massive fucking shit on the Browns right after the Steelers did I'd be pretty hyped
Mayfield is getting exposed.
That’s 300 lbs of man coming into you.
Like are you fucking shitting me dude
Hart pulling his best Cam Newton impression.
Why was Williams left on an island?
this is literally the most chaotic game ive ever watched
BREAKING NEWS: the battle of ohio games is now being renamed: “the battle of turnovers”
Really rooting for Wilson. Would love to see him develop.
So many turnovers already I feel like I am trapped in a bakery
I don’t think the Bengals have the capability to tackle good RBs. Henry would fuck us
The browns are so undisciplined.
AJ got his hands back baby
Is it me or does Burrow have one of the cleanest hard counts? I feel like he draws an offsides every game
"Most teams get to enjoy wins, but we get to enjoy the occasional good play. Just making some lemonade out of lemons over here"
Whoever is 93 on the browns is a loser
on god how is Perine above Williams on the depth chart
Good feel the play before by Joe. He knew he was about to get clobbered
The fake hype every play from these announcers drives me insane
We better sign Spain.
"I think that the Bobby Hart hate is a little much sometimes, but seriously what the fuck was he doing on that play"
Defense wasn’t fooled that time
Seriously this ref sucks. I don’t think he knows the rules.
Bro Margus is trying to steal a spot dude has been solid today
Am I crazy or has Hunt been the best DE we've had today?
"If we hold them to 3, I will be content. Big stop here!"
Our D didn't even wait until the 2nd half to start fucking sucking.
I think Fred is actually better at tackle than guard.
Higgins on back to back to plays!
That was weak as fuck!!!
I'm sorry but the captain obvious guy with his face mask cut out is top notch
Weakest block in the back of all time lol
Threading the fucking needle with that one
Awesome throw. Awesome catch
fucking bullet to boyd
[Mood](https://www.reddit.com/r/bengals/comments/jhx81d/_/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
Imagine how toxic The Cowboys reddit is right now
"Here’s a take: but if the bengals win this divisional game, browns are toast for the playoffs"
You can stop sucking anytime secondary
"Lou Anurumo “alright guys, now what I want you to focus on is letting Cleveland’s offense March down the field on this opening drive of the half. You got this!”"
Get a lead and then come out completely flat on defense.
Gio insane block good lord
I love how good Gio is at blocking
The ole fumble the  ball for 6 yards
AJ really has turned it around. Just powering through contact for the catch.
Nice trick play
Tyler Boyd > Ryan Finley
Who are these bengals
Logan Wilson looks so good rn
Lawson has to be blind. What the fuck
Baker cant throw downfield.  They're all checkdowns
Run defense hasn’t been bad today
Baker literally is just throwing to wide open guys
We haven't even come close to sacking baker have we? lol
"We have ZERO pressure on Mayfield. That is how you beat them, pressure him and make him make quick decisions."
holy shit dalton got rocked
Drew Sample is coming along nicely.
How does ward not get ejected there...
man fuck these refs
How is that not pass interference FFS
AJ just found his balls!
TEEEEEEEEEEEEEE. D. BABY.
Hell yeah we have 3 baller WRs
Breaking tackles that drive baby let's go! Tee!
"Be great if we could get a QB pressure here for the first time in 4 weeks, not even asking for a sack just maybe not 5 minutes to take a smoke break and throw it to a wide open tight end"
Well....at least we'll get the ball back with time
watching this team week to week feels like i’m stuck in a time warp. every single week it’s the same story 4th quarter
I’m going to be blunt. Fuck Lou.
I miss when we could get sacks
18 straight completions should get Lou fucking fired. Damn son.
I feel awful for the the offense... bust their asses (especially Joe) and defense can’t do anything.
Zero defense being played
Lapham’s getting pissed
I’m gonna make a pretty risky bet and say the same thing happens next week
If our defense could literally do anything we would have a better record
Just stopped in to say fire Lou into the sun
Omg no tee be ok
Fuck the Browns and the Steelers!!!
We’re gonna score too fast aren’t we
This offense will be terrifying in 2-3 years
Green was molested that time
These announcers Keep mixing up excellent coverage with DPI
Billy Price is a complete fuckhead
Ill do it my damn self- Joe Burrow.
3 and 11. QB Draw. The balls on this lad.
How does he run with nuts that big?
go for a first down and kill that clock.  i'm scared of our fuckin defense.
"I feel like Taylor knows that if he loses this game, he's done."
Ben threw a pick in end zone!
Were in a bad spot if were down to being upset that Bobby is hurt sheesh
What a call!
Gio = most underappreciated Bengal in recent history.
Big Balls!
If lou loses this game he needs to lose his job tomorrow
"We are winning, but it definitely doesn't feel like it."
I really would prefer this to not go to overtime..
He wasnt touched Jesus Christ these reviews take way too long
Don't waste talent
"Lou Anarumo should lose his job if they can't hold on to win.

They haven't forced a fucking incompletion since the first quarter."
haaaaaa were about to lose
T R A S H and U N C L U T C H
"We all knew it we all called it, god damn pathetic"
Fuck Lou Anarumo
"Burrow can have 3 TD’s, 400+ yards, and it still isn’t even enough... How tf does this defense make Baker look like the second coming of Jesus himself???"
Not very often you score 34 points and still lose the game. Unbelievable.
Zac taylor can’t coach a close game for shit.
NOW IM PISSED AT A BRIDAL SHOWER 😫
ZT had good play calling but if he still stands by Lou AFTER THAT. THEN HE CAN GET FUCKED TOO
That’s gotta be it for Anarumo right? Burrow was amazing with a decimated Oline and the defense shat the bed.
Now I'm not saying Bernard has been running better than Mixon behind an even worse line than normal but...?
What did Joe Burrow do in a previous life to deserve being a Bengal?
I’m here to be let down again amongst friends
"By Gio Bernard's moustache, that hurt!"
Why didn't Burrow just run that in ? The running lane was there
Now who's kicking dicks?
This team puts me through the wringer emotionally every week.
Wtf is happening
And that is when the Browns decided to go 4-12 on that day.....
"We’re getting good at those first quarter TD’s it does nothing for my unstable heart, it’s all about that 4th quarter."
Why even have Baker pass again when Hunt will d e s t r o y us
If they're smart they'll run it all over us today
Christian Covington has really impressed me thus far.
bruh they almost yeeted 40 onto his face lmao
Burrow my child you are frightening me
Drew Sample is slowly becoming a reliable TE. Would love to see him used more in the red zone
Fuck the Browns!
"Why is the Browns defense playing so ""dirty"" aggressively?"
300lbs of man coming in you??? Wtf
"damn, dude just said:

""that's 300 pounds of man just coming into you"""
Lol Bobby tried Ill give him that
"Thanks for dropping a wide open ball, Mike Thomas"
Baker is definitely hurt his ball placement has been awful last 2 weeks
Huge stop
Baker Mayfield being insanely inaccurate is the one thing that has kept us alive so far
Baker is so bad lol
Can we just forfeit the Steelers games :\^)
What a throw!
Where is Tee?
Nice to see AJ getting involved. Some crucial 3rd down catches too.
Boyd fought hard for that spot
FAT RANDY
Can’t wait for Spain
How is Bobby Hart doing? Can't watch the game.
Nice tackling
"Announcers: Bengals DBs in tight coverage 

Landry: Catches ball with 10 yds of space"
Our Higgins is better than their Higgins.
My last comment aged horribly. Sum' bitch.
Can we finally be the team that scores to end a half. Wouldn't that be a fun change of pace.
If Dunlap ends up bitching about his play time... I’m gonna lose some respect. You can’t whine about how you’re not getting enough snaps but when you need to do your job you cause nonsense like that.
Jonah plays for cincy you dumb fuck
"Damn, Tee is a true hands catcher. And I love it"
Higgins makes it look so easy.
Stupid ass refs
AJ green said ight fuck that I’ll get the 1st
Td to green or higgins here.  Feeling green tho.
OUR OLINE IS PAPER PRAY FOR THEM
Girlfriend is praying
Man. Jonah AND Hopkins are out? Very cool
Leshaun sims is not very good at football
These 4D chess second half adjustments wowee
Is it really zone if there's no zone covering that part of the field?
stop. playin. fucking. ZONE
Here comes the damn soft zones....
Are we the worst blitzing team?
I miss Geno
We have to be the worst franchise in the entire NFL covering Tight Ends over the last 20 years. God damn.
God Mayfield is so obnoxious
U know our defense is trash if baker is dotting us up
Year in and year out the Bengals can never cover tight ends. Making this rookie nobody look like Gronk.
Classic bend-but-then-break bengals defense
Even the announcers know that we need to stop doing zone
Is any team worse at halftime adjustments
"My boss, being the wonderful person that they are, scheduled a meeting on Sunday afternoon.

Bengals, PLEASE don't throw away the game while  I'm gone!"
Goodness gio hell of a pickup
The CDC could use images of our DBs on WRs as perfect example of social distancing
Gio is so underrated
"With jonah hurt, Is Gio our best olinemen? /s... sorta"
Just like Zac drew it up
"Play calling has been a lot better today. Quick passes, screens, misdirection. All things to mitigate our shitty offensive line."
Yeah go ahead can call greens opi week 1 but not dpi when ward is grabbing green
Once again Leshaun sims is not good at football
Ah fourth quarter defense has arrived to the field
The same thing has happened every game except the Ravens game. Fuck Zac Taylor
"Dalton hit
https://twitter.com/mysportsupdate/status/1320442725871833088?s=21"
Defense making Mayfield look like Brady
You must be Njoking
Every fucking week!!! I must be a masochist
Great move by AJ
PI all the way there
Cool PI
I love u tee higgins
TEEEEEEEE
Higgins is LEGIT.
We need a turnover.
"No pressure, no coverage. Love it"
"Here we go with the ol Prevent ""But doesn't prevent anything"" Defense"
How many times do we have to take all of Burrows hard work and just say ayy lmao defense go brrrrrr
Lou needs to fucking go.
Dalton concussion
Lou is so unclutch its hilarious
Where was the defense on that WHOLE DRIVE?
I’m shocked our defense blows a lead
Just when we thought the defense couldn't get worse than it was in 2018.
FIRE ANARUMO
You have to fire the entire defensive staff.
I'm starting to think a D-Line is needed more than an O-Line.
"to be fair, I think I could have completed those 18 throws in a row. Every play the man is wide open, not a defender within 3 yards"
Can the bengals fire Lou?
And they hurt Higgins.
So fucking cheap
Mike Thomas is low key having a day
"Burrow is losing the nice guy facade....


He's about to go full tom Brady on the line"
Joe Burrow: “WHAT THE FUCK MAN”
Good lord Joe has some enormous balls on him
I don't know about you guys...But I kinda like this #9 guy.
dan and lap are a joy to listen to
Run clock. Keep Louser Anarumo outta this.
I saw anarumo talk to burrow before this drive. Prob told him to leave him with no clock lmao.
Please let us win a close game
No measurement here?
Trying to get the first and not give the Browns a chance. ZT is playing this right. We just need to execute.
HOLY SHIT I LOVE YOU GIO
66 seconds. Fucking PLEASE defense get a stop.
did we score too early😭😭😭
Ballsy af call!
"All hail our undisputed leader, Dig Bick Joe"
Burrow better be getting the ass tonight.
That was genius pre-snap motion
Dunlap in for the forced fumble pls
"What a play call by ZT. If this is how he calls every game, we'd be 4-2 right now."
I want to trust the D but we’ve been burned too many times
"That's an excellent play design. Great scheme by Zac today. Lots of quick hitters. Need to see more, but today was encouraging win or lose especially with all the OL injuries."
Please let what I think is going to happen not happen
YOU HAVE TO MAKE THAT TACKLE
Fire Lou
Lou take this L and gtfo
Fire Lou now.
I hate being a bengals fan
"I’m not gunna lie, Bengals had me in the second half"
Cardiac cats
Piece of fucking shit defensive coordinator
Every fucking game dude
"I wonder what the excuse will be for this one. Haha, unreal."
Just let bullock try the longest field goal of all time
I'm so fucking sick of watching this team year after year.
0 sacks
https://twitter.com/rapsheet/status/1320404506979565568?s=21
Got away with OPI there.
Woulda been an amazing catch but that was great D
Andy Dalton going out on a cart. Damn.
"Andy Dalton just took a big dirty hit and had his helmet blown off in the Washington game, hope he’s okay"
"Poor Andy Dalton.

Leaves one shitty O-Line. Plays behind another.

Left the game with a concussion today after getting knocked down constantly and had an ""INT"" bounce off Zeke's chest."
Plenty of time to still fuck this up. Dont worry.
Tyler Boyd is a such a beast
Fuck
I'm starting to get Favre vibes from Burrow.  He's at his best when he's just kind of winging it and he's also going to throw a lot of picks.
What a pick!!
LETS FUCKING GO!
I hope we can capitalize on this
Lol baker is so trash
What a shitty throw by BM
Digging that we got pressure on Baker on that 3rd down play
Lol Baker
Why the fuck would Erickson not fair catch that?
Was the ref having a stroke there?  Jk that's mean lol
I think the referee is having a stroke. Get him outta there.
Has been nice to see our offense abandon the run so far. Its the only way we will beat teams like the Chiefs. Hopefully we keep our foot on the pedal with this passing game.
Bobby NEWport
Living for this thread..have to attend a bridal shower 😭 keep the colorful commentary coming !
Sample looking good!
Joe should have called timeout. He was rushing to get the snap off
Yeah this might very well be the game that finally takes my heart out. Why lord why?
Bakers completed more passes to the bengals than the browns lmaoo
I just hope Joe shakes off the two turnovers.
"Tell that Cornerback to stop grabbing first and maybe he'll have an argument lol

Its either pass interference on both players or you don't call it at all and let them play."
Green is the big bodied contested catch guy now.
What was that noise that just came from Gio 😂😂
Perine has met his quota for carries today Zac.
"With good protection, that would’ve been a Td"
"""We NeEd To ScOrE tOuChDoWnS""

-Taylor"
Can we fucking tackle please.
Make a tackle??
I’m under the belief that the Bengals do not coach how to tackle
Browns are so dumb. They should be running the ball every single time.
Good work Dunlap
That's was bullshit
That is HORSESHIT. He didn't come across the neutral zone before the lineman moved.
They keep trying to fool Margus and he's blowing their shit up.
Dalton is getting murdered by Washington.
Why do you give Landry that much room????
When we signed him I never thought he would be the weak spot on defense but Bell is not playing well. Him and Sims are the two that hurt us the most
Offense starts out great. Hopefully they don’t go silent like last week
Jonah williams hurt... this is the worst possible injury
Neck injury. Fucking great.
"Higgins is a beast, runs routes just like Chad"
 Weak ass call
Fucking bullshit
Soft ass call
Get this senile ref off the field.
Weak call
Something fishy about these calls
Unrelated note I need to open a bar because the amount of “steeler” fans here in Chesapeake VA is obnoxious but this bar is so so so cheap. I had some lady tell me she loves the bengals. She’s a steeler fan.
You cant over turn that
What a fucking throw!
"It's literally Burrow with some wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube men in front of him vs this defense, he's the GOAT"
"God, I love having three big WR's who can all be studs"
CLE gets ball at half right?
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Halftime|PIT|24|@|7|TEN|
|01:07 2nd|DAL|3|@|22|WAS|
|Halftime|BUF|6|@|10|NYJ|
|Halftime|CAR|17|@|21|NO|
|Halftime|GB|21|@|0|HOU|
|Halftime|CLE|10|@|17|CIN|
|00:17 2nd|DET|7|@|14|ATL|
|Sun 10/25 04:05 PM ET|TB|-|@|-|LV|
|Sun 10/25 04:25 PM ET|JAX|-|@|-|LAC|
|Sun 10/25 04:25 PM ET|SF|-|@|-|NE|
|Sun 10/25 04:25 PM ET|KC|-|@|-|DEN|
|Sun 10/25 08:20 PM ET|SEA|-|@|-|ARI|
|Mon 10/26 08:15 PM ET|CHI|-|@|-|LA|
|Final|NYG|21|@|22|PHI|"
"Burrow on track for another 300+ yd game 
Yeah bwoi"
Six fucking men on him there. Do we have a defence that can stop anyone???
We still can’t cover a fucking TE
3rd down continues to be a huge problem for our D
There’s that defense 3rd down play calling we all know and hate
Not a great start but hopefully the o can respond!
How long is gio on contract
Wow! That play was awesome
T R I C K E R Y
What a batshit fucking play yet it worked
I have always really enjoyed watching the way Gio moves with the ball.
Aw damn AJ actually managed to catch that but Ward just punched it free.
We need a turnover.
Lawson lining up in the backfield.
Apparently Vonn can't cover for shit but he'll make that TFL every time. I'll take it tho!
Rip Andy dalton
Bruh put Rose in over that bum Sims on god
Good example of why Lou needs fired. Absolutely no adjustments being made. Teams do what they want with our defense.
Leshaun Sims is a liability. Unfortunate that we are missing Waynes and Jackson.
We have learned nothing from last week.
Why are our cb practicing social distancing?
You gotta be Njoku-ing me
Actually have to score 6 here. No more FGs.
And yet another 4th quarter collapse begins....
There has to be a big play over the top this drive. These little 5-10 yard throws are prolonging the inevitable.
THANK YOU TERRENCE
Talk about a heart attack
"That was a great there by burrow, what is he talking about?"
Bryant vs vernon....good one dumb ass. These announcers suck
TEE
Omg what a play after the catch by Higgins there!
TEEE!!!
Never thought I would miss Hubbard almost making a play. We aren't even close to touching Baker.
“Let’s play zone boys. It’s been working all day”- Lou  probably
Why is the clock running when they go out of bounds?
This is when Anarumo shines. (Sarcasm)
STOP DAY DREAMING DBS
"Defense losing us games, nothing new"
Our defense hasn't been good in 5 years. Let that sink in.
How tf did he get that off
Get pressure on Baker. He will throw a pick.
My suprised face.
What an idiot.
"Brown's fans were ready to move on from Baker, flash forward 2 and 1/2 quarters and he sets a franchise record for the most consecutive completions. This defense..."
Please just fire Lou. My god he is horrible
What more does Burrow have to do!?
If we lose this game I think the only move is firing some coaches on the defense
y'know our defense will probably blow this but how about our literal trash o-line holding together?
What would it take for Mike Zimmer to come back as head coach?
The Bengals are going to get Baker another contract.
Why wasn’t there a flag on that??
We are going to have to start holding open tryouts
"fuck, i was hoping he just got the wind knocked outta him"
ATTABOYD
Talk to him Joe! Bitch him out! Got that Brady fire!!
Burrow has ice in his veins
This shits as rigged as the WWE
Seriously seeing some emotion from Burrow is so odd.
Wtf is with these refs? They are not calling anything in our favor. Dude was all over AJ
Clutch scamper by Joe
Here I go Hoping again
Man I love this kid. He’s got ice water just gushing through his veins. Build around him and he will win a ring.
We need to kill this clock. All they have is 1 TO
Come on let's get in the endzone please! Let's get a W!
"Hey Lou, do you think we can actually try to get one of our guys within ten fucking yards of a Browns wr?"
I want this rookie to show out right now. Show the staff that Hart should be replaced permanently.
He got that first down man that's some bs
Running is because of lack of confidence in D
What a play call
It’s Ah me Gio! WAHOOO!
lmao joe talking to lou like fckin hold the lead for 66 seconds
Time for Lou to cost us the game lmao
can the bengals defense hold for 66 seconds?
Why do I feel like this game is going into overtime?
ZT has called a masterful game
"Look at the bright side, if we lose then Lou gets fired... I mean, he has to right?"
Fire Lou if we lose this game
God how do u not sack him there
Seriously we barely don't get a sack then their player is able to roll out of bounds after already being down. This is a disaster already
How do you not touch him there
Steelers always get lucky.
Are you fucking kidding me lmao
this D is so bad
Going into OT regardless.  Bengals lost.  GG
The Bengals. Always the other team on the highlight reels.
It's all so tiresome
"Baker Mayfield is the great Bengals killer

FUCKING PATHETIC LOU

POOR JOE BURROW. Constantly having victory ripped from him."
The Bengals don't deserve Joe Burrow!
##Fire everyone
Wow. 66 seconds was too much time to leave this defence.
So how do you let them complete a long pass here?
[deleted]
Mayfield throws it THROUGH YOUR FUCKING ARMS
Burrow deserves a better organization than this. Fire everyone!
I fucking hate everything about our defense
it doesn't even hurt anymore hahaha
Guys I'm gonna cry pls help
I FUCKING HATE THIS TEAM
Do the Bengals not even know how to play prevent right?
Fucking fire everyone on the defense!!!!! Jesus fucking fuck!!!!
This is a 8-9 win team that’s is gonna have 3 wins. Coaching staff has to go
Fucking ridiculous. Although every Bengals fan knew in our hearts we were still somehow going to lose
Called it. 1:05 with no timeouts and we can't keep them out of the end zone. 22 straight completions with 5 TDs. Fucking pathetic defense.
It’s good they called that timeout before the play.  Did wonders!
Dunlap talking all kinds of shit on the sideline
Figured on OT but sweet fuck that is just shit covered in piss
If you are surprised you must be new around here
fuck it Joe give it a heave brother you did all you could
There should be 6 seconds
Why was Dunlap even active
"EVERY FUCKING GAME.

FUCK."
IS THAT ENOUGH MIKE? FIRE FUCKING LOU
All you can do is laugh at this point.
"Score 34 with a bad ass rookie QB and lose, fucking pathetic"
You simply can’t lose this many close games an be a head coach in the nfl. Such a disappointment man
Joe Burrow has a Girlfriend?     🤔
That's at least two awful snaps from Price thus far.
Time to lose this one fellas. I'm sure the offense will come back out and suck. Same story different week
So we're gonna score and the Browns are gonna drive for the game winner in a minute huh mmm I'm ready to be hurt again
Fire Lou no matter what happens
They’re just giving Cleveland a free timeout here
This team should be 5-2.  No excuses.
So now he throws it away when he could’ve ran for 5??? U confuse me joe
It’s alright. He’s learning.
Burrows GF waiting to secure the bag
Fuck this team. Worthless ass secondary and pass rush. Poor Burrow had to come here.
If Lou isn’t fired tomorrow I might have to go to cincy and be a team player for the fans...
"NFL fan here, don’t really have a team. Joe burrow did all he could at least you guys got him. Now just gotta put a competent team around him"
"Going to learn a lot about the coaching staff today, should be very instructive on how they handle blowing the lead last week, facing the Browns for the second time this season and making the necessary adjustments, and how they handle the tension in the locker room. I'm guessing we either win a close one, or lose by 8+."
What a dot to AJ!
Absolute beauty
GIO for Starting RT
that catch by thomas was amazing
Fuuuuuuccckkkkkk
Par for the course.
wE r AmAzEbAwlS
Omg its like pingpong
Lol baker
PHILLIPS!!!
Every browns player literally died on that play.
LMFAO BAKER
2nd week in a row where Baker has a 0/1 1 int stat line
It's too early in this game for this amount of emotional change.
"Anyone remember the worst Cleveland game in history when we lost David Pollack, Rich Braham and Tab Perry's entire careers on one Sunday?

Browns might have one of those days."
Good thing baker is ass
Well that play was a disaster for the Browns.
Needed that one. This is an emotional rollercoaster as is tradition
Holy shit! I let my dog outside. Come back in the room. Now browns players are on the field every where and our dudes got a pick.
RUN IT NOW PLEASE
I feel like Burrow is getting tunnel vision on Boyd. If it’s 3rd down he almost always goes to him.
Great fucking blocking
LETS GO BOYS
Took an unreasonable amount of time to make the TD call
"ZT seems like a guy who can script a great game as long as everything goes right, but can't make simple adjustments. It's why we've gotten off to hit starts in 4 games this year only to lose the lead and, eventually, the game."
"Defense has to show up today. Nvm, the team has to show up today"
only took the bengals 7 weeks to host a FA O-lineman.. hope he signs 👌
U/O 200 rushing yards allowed today?
LARGE MARGUS
can u imagine being a baker fan? oof
That ref gotta poop
That ref looks like he is having trouble stringing a sentence together.
I'm not really mad about the sample pick anymore. Nothing fancy but the Dude just does his job.
"i know sample shouldn’t have been drafted in the 2nd, but i’ve liked what i’ve seen considering"
Jonah got whooped
"What was needed: gio chipping in backfield
What was called: Perine out wide"
Can we play one complete game
STOP RIGHT HERE
Our Defense is playing great THEREFORE ...Burrow is in for a terrible game :(
Oscar the Grouch' s expression sums up the Bengals the past few years pretty well
AJ IS RETURNING
Bruh Margus blew that man up
I hope watching the Browns' o-line in action makes our owner feel embarrassed
Oh no they're realizing Hunt can bowl us over
"""Hey hey cool it man I have money on the Browns"""
Are the Browns trying to be cute on offense or do they just suck that bad?
Here comes a pick
Lou Armadvuwgevilo needs to go last year
I would break my own neck if I played for us too.
That looked like an AJ catch lol
9 ➡️ 85
Jonah Williams being doubtful to return is an awful thing to happen man. Why can't we have good players not go down for once :(
I don’t like loud chewing
Tee is gonna be the next Star WR joining the likes of Hopkins and Williams. WRU producing once again.
WTF are these calls
That's a weak ass call.
AJ: Fine. I'll do it myself.
"AJ Green is fully fucking back!!!! Let’s go boys, let’s see some redzone magic"
Love to see AJ get a touchdown. And then breakdown crying because it’s been years
Qb sneak op today
Looks like were playing for a field goal with that clock management
What a throw and catch let’s gooooo
Nice throw. Nice catch.
Burrows quick ball is getting so much better over the weeks.
I think we should keep burrow.
"I’m so glad they don’t have any time before the half, even a minute is too much so far this season"
I dont see how they can overturn this
Time for 3rd down zone D
“Let’s play Zone that seems to be working”-Lou
Why are you playing so deep on third and short? Coaching sucks fucking dick
Jessie et tu
TEs stay being our kryptonite on third down.
"Looks like we have went to the prevent defense again,what a shit coach.Man to man got  us where we are in the first half."
Cool. Baker is shredding us.
Pretty sure we have the best 3rd down defense in the league /s
"Tight ends, opening and closing drives, two things that feel like they have been killing us."
Idc what happens but Lou needs to be fired after this game
Anyone else have a feeling this game will end in a tie??
I understand playing zone on the outside without WJ3. I dont understand playing zone on the inside against a rookie tight end. Man him up.
"""The Cincinnati offensive line these last few years have had a hard time staying together.""

Bruh I think early China has been more stable than our O-Line."
Bernard is so underrated
That play was a lil bit of fuckery. I enjoyed it lmao
Gio is so under utilized when Mixon is healthy. It's a crime.
The success rate on those plays are so high. Love the call
Oh snap! That was magical!
Haven't seen something like that work since the Sanu days
Our d line is FUCKING us
Good Lord this team is stupid. Just giving away games again.
"""Gotta have the discipline""

Bengals Players: what means ""disciplines""?

Same as it ever was. Looks like Marvin Ball^^TM out there."
Jesus fuck
Fucking sims
Zero pass rush again
Everyone’s wide open what are we doing ??
Mayfield shredding this defense. Lol
Can we get some pass rush
I mean like we can’t win one 3rd down???? Not one??
Is the defense even trying ? This is embarrassing
"I know we’ve had a lot of injuries, but we have so many holes to address. We have to do something in free agency. The draft alone isn’t going to fix this."
Painful to see Bell struggle because Lou is a dumbass
W O W
Good god
I always hate when Buckeyes sink to the trash of the team that drafted them. Fuck Denzel Ward.
What’s with all these Browns defenders handing out headshots?
Is it just me or is Fred Johnson and Billy Price playing surprisingly well?
That may be ajg best play in 3 years
WHERE IS THE FUCKING FLAG?!?!
Literally had his arm
HIGGINS!!!!
Love Higgins!
Yes higgins!!!!!!
Now please crush Baker on this series
HIGGINS YOU STUD
Our Higgins is better!!
Only grabbing his whole arm...
I really like that subtle little celebration from Higgins.
Special teams hasn't really helped at all either iirc. All these drives have been super long.
INT here would be huge.
How does that motherfucker get so wide open???
Go titans
I see we are still refusing to bring pressure when the game is on the line and let the team drive down the field
Wow
I should have muted the game and listened to Dave & Dan long ago. These announcers are annoying as shit.
Has Geno even played today?
Y is Logan Wilson not out there? Baker hasn’t thrown an incompletion since the first quarter
They are literally always wide open
Our defense is a fucking joke
Pathetic drive by the defense
Throws it to Hunt 3 times in one drive you'd think we'd get someone on him by now
"Lou is a loser. He’s almost bad as TA, man this guy fucking sucks."
"Defense is so bad, difficult to put it into words."
We are making mayfield's sorry ass look like freaking brady
We're gonna fuck around and lose another game by one possession
"Why do I even watch anymore, it’s the same game every week."
The Browns aren’t yielding a healthy offense...this should be a layup for our D
We just cant pressure the QB
Did they run the same play three or four times that drive? And it worked EVERY TIME. How does that happen against an nfl defense?
I can't be impressed with Baker making throws to guys who are that wide open. Deshone Kizer would roast this defense right now
D gives up 30+ again
"The way they were aligned defensively made NO SENSE.

The inside LB was going to get caught in traffic every single time. As long as the ball was catchable, it was a TD 100/100 times."
We're gonna score too fast and the D will blow it as was foretold when we retained Lou for another week.
OH NO!!!
Did he get a knee to the chest?
Dya think they tried to hurt Higgins on purpose?
Someone gotta tell the offense to not score so quickly!!!!!!
Not too fast boys! We can’t let the defense back out on the field!
Guess they’re just calling PI “excellent coverage” now
Anyone thinks Green will be a Bengals next season?
Fuck. This. Offensive line.
That's my quarterback 😭
Fine I’ll do it myself says Joe
That's my QB!
He is that dude
Jeeeeeezuuuuusssssss
DUDE FUCK YOU OLINE
I bet 5$ burrow is gonna run it again for a TD
Solid run by gio
Hart is hurt. Down to the last healthy lineman.
JB is leading passer AND rusher.
We are literally on our last olineman lol
Bengals win and steelers loss.. too much to ask for?
1-11-1 when down 8 or less. Ouch.
good play call. Thats a lot of time
LETS GOOOOOO FUCKING DO SOMETHING DEFENSE
OMG
Fuck ya
Now that was a play call. Nice job.
Too much time man
OH MY FUCK
I LEGIT JUST FUCKIN SCREAMED FUCK YES
0% chance the browns don’t get at least a field goal
"Taylors got balls, we have to give him that."
"time for the D to fucking choke

edit: surprise surprise"
"HOLD DEFENSE 

HOLD THE FUCKING LINE 

PLEASE BABY SAINT PAUL BROWN FOOTBALL JESUS"
are you guys going crazy over here?
:3
Who's ready for some wide open Hail Mary completions?
"Going for 2 would be cool, but they'd get to FG range in a minute if we failed lets be real"
GET A STOP D!!!
Damn i like the blitz though
Zac is like OMG TOUCH HIM
Here's that bengal defense to close out halves and games giving up chunk plays
lets hope cody parkey misses wide right too
We can’t catch a MF break
Lou wtf is your deal. Why do you suck so much
Wtf for real. D wasn't even close to being set on that play wtf get your team ready
Why are there no safeties
Even 30 seconds is too much time to give the opposing team against us. This shouldn't shock *anyone*.
Well boys. Brb. Gonna hang myself right quick.
I give up
This team makes my depression worse every single week
I can’t stand feeling like this. I don’t know what to say.
I hate my life
Hahaha fuck this coaching staff (and garbage defense)
Bruh
Never call another defensive TO on a big play again
all you had to do was knock it down..
I told myself I wasn’t going to drink today
Lmao this defense....fuck this.
You all knew they would let them march down the field and score.
So what’s Zac’s record in one score games now barring a miracle here?
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.
If only Carlos Dunlap could do somthing
Bengalized again
And with that I am officially done. Redzone for the rest of the season.
i thought aj was gonna grab that deflection again :(
They don’t have enough drinks at this bridal shower!!!!!! fade me peas
"One minute left and no timeouts...

Baker did somehow make a couple of clutch throws when it counted, but still that is inexcusable."
What more can Joe do to win a damn game?! ATROCIOUS D! 20 4th Quarter points....you gotta be kidding me.
"What upsets me is how far we are behind the Steelers and Ravens. Damn we need such an overhaul to overtake the Browns consistently yet what we need to stand up against those two is just depressing. We need a new coaching staff, two or three new offensive linemen and what maybe five new defensive starters? We are so far from REALLY competing..."
You know your d is bad when your actually rooting against your guy scoring a TD because 1:06 and no time outs left is like a fucking eternity with this defense.
I dont think he had possession before he rolled out!
Ugh can’t believe I’m missing this for a bridal shower!!!
Daltons down
And I think Zac is calling a good game on offense. Don't get the hate today
Too. Much. Time. Lol
"""GrEeN ShOuLd ReTiRe"""
Yeah Dalton!
Interception and 2 Browns hurt?  I won't cheer injury but OBJ being one of them doesn't make me not happy.
Dalton sucks. Just got strip sack fumbled for Skins safety
The Bengals crowd were socially distancing themselves last season before the COVID even began! I dont see much difference.
Dunlap should probably keep quiet on social media for a bit after that penalty
Do this for your girl joe!! 😂
15 secs left for the browns. I expect nothing less than a field goal.
Gotta squeeze that one.
Thank you buffalo wild wings
So now is AJ good again guys?/s
I kinda hope it's just rookie overconfidence because idk if my heart can handle Joe being Brett Favre 2
But but but muh culture building - ZT
Hart is down... oh no
FORWARD PROGRESS WTH
Stoked there's no replay on that critical run
THATS A FIRST DOWN
Why are the bengals celebrating? Still 66 seconds left. Ridiculous.
Zac Taylor did great. But if he wants to keep his job he HAS to get rid of Lou
Aj!
Damn nice throw by burrow but good coverage
Mike Thomas with an immaculate catch!
I WANT THAT HAT!!!
AIRBNB
Goddamnit
F WORD
Let’s see if both sides of the ball came to play today. Offense looks like they came to play.
"Ugh Joe should have sailed that high, Tb had a step on the defender anyways"
"Boyd was open.  
But eh.  
Come on D get a safety"
Why don’t we maybe try running the ball in
Less than ideal tbh
I was close lol
Good drive until it wasn’t lol but hey get the int out early instead of sealing the game.
Baker Baker turnover maker?
Hulu has live sports
this game is chaos all ready.
They're dropping like flies.
Phillips let’s gooooo
Hehe football gods can't decide who they hate more
"INT hype

injuries suck

guess I'm relieved I benched OBJ?"
That burrow boyd connection though
Well he was down but lmao
BIG DICK JOE
Initially thought it was strange to sneak it from that far out. But honestly a run would’ve been a loss of two
Baker “Ewok Teeth” Mayfield
Anyone notice how Baker always plays so bad in Cincinnati?
Erickson got fucking leveled.
Aaaaaaaand another flag
jesus fucking christ
Well fuck.
Just keep doing that Browns like why even try anything else l m a o
We can easily win this if we shut down the run. Baker is a joke.
Wilson a real one
Look at that aj green being aj green
Seeing AJ doing well and Gio getting significant minutes makes me so happy
@ everyone questioning Bernard GTFO
Well timed screens are one of the funnest plays in football.
"Wtf was the browns players problem, knocking the ball out of greens hands"
Lol that browns defender fighting for that dead ball
I’m not looking how did they convert 3rd and 39
"OBJ out with knee injury

Edit spelling"
Thanks Jessie jesus
Say it again?? Tackle??
For the love of fuck just stack the damn box and let baker throw
Out here dragging us for 5 extra yards.
Jonah to the locker room....
Awful call
Dunlap really proving his worth right now
The browns are nothing special
This is when our coaching staff fails. Can they make adjustments? Haven’t been able to in the past.
Billy Price in at center.
I am so happy we have Tee Higgins
Fred Johnson in two snaps has missed a block and gotten absolutely bull rushed. This is going to end poorly.
I think Finley is next on the depth chart at LT.
Awful call again
Let's do something in the redzone
Dalton getting owned by WFT
No on on the o line yells at him to warn him?!?!?!?  Wtf!!
WHAT A CATCH
Joe gotta feel that ...
Holy shit that was an incredible throw
Lmaoo alright that one was funny
BOYD!
Rejoice! Highly unlikely the opponent will score in the last two minutes of a half this game.
I’m loving this first half. Obviously things to clean up but everyone looks solid and I can feel that rhythm on offense.
"If a quarterback can't build their confidence against this sorry ass secondary, they have no hope for success in this league."
Absolutely no pressure on Baker and no adjustments made
So is this rookie TE a beast or are the  Bengals just bad at tackling?
Baker is a bitch lol
That’s what happens when you don’t pressure him.
Can't cover a tight end to save our lives
Damn that was a dot tho
Lmao. The fucking tight end again. This team has had a TE problem since Dave Shula.
Bengals defense absolutely sucks
Just fucking awful. We’re letting trash tier mayfield play well.
Cincinnati Defense: where every week is TE appreciation week.
Bernard for LT
Incredible block by Gio
Lol what the hell burrow 😂
That was cool
I'm stuck here in South Texas watching two blowouts. I need to get some cincy chili what brand should I find online
Lmao burrow mastering the QB sneak today
Well that was a fun play.
Dalton out there losing millions in future earnings
Lmao the Pats did that last week I like that our coaches are learning from the best.
haha ok Defense if you could just remember what you did in the first half
"THE IDIOT LINED UP OFFSIDES

HOW DO YOU DO THAT?"
Great value Higgins over there
I just dont understand how people do that come on carl+
"Listen, we've had this ""Can drive down the field but can't score in the redzone"" issue before. Eventually, we have to score :/"
Nice to see our back 7 are Sunday league players in pass coverage
What’s up with Andy dalton? Cant find a clip
There’s no point of throwing 4 guys out on the d line every play
NJOKU scoring because of course
"Bro, our pass rush is garbage"
Anarumo  should be left in Cleveland.
I’m not sure how I feel about Taylor. Trying to give him time. There have been injuries. But dude has to show us more than this. These games have been winnable.
LOL
That was pretty comical.  Thanks browns
Much better playcalls against the blitz
That was pi!
Sorry for yelling at your green ..
That’s fucking PI!!!
"Tee Higgins was mashing the circle or B button, depending on your console preference."
JFC can we start covering Higgins?!?
Has Mayfield been sacked at all today?
I wish we could get one damn stop when we need it.
It's amazing how this defense refuses to play defense week in and week out. How much more does this organization need to see to see that this coaching staff is garbage and take them back to Schula levels of incompetence?
How do you not call that pick play?
Not Germain Pratts finest moment.
If Lou is still hired after today imma throw up even though this has been said every week
"Jesus, Fire Lou now!"
I’m boutta beat the shit outta my TV
"Give that ginger kid in the stands the DC job, can’t be any worse"
only we'd allow baker to complete 18 passes in a row
Disgusting
Gee i wonder how this one will end...
Linebackers out of position eh? Sounds like a scheme issue to me!
Why does our secondary have to look like kids stepping out on a field for the first time?
Defense keeping us in the #1 pick chase!
"Defense lost out there, not on the same page, and can't get set.

Insert this is terrible meme."
Maybe we... come back?
Let's hope a kidney stone wasn't knocked loose.
:(
Lmao we can’t catch a break
Tee is a goat - a slightly salty Clemson fan
Joe Burrow has humongous balls
SLOW DOWN
Joe was heated at the o line lol.  Rightfully so..
If we leave even 30 seconds on this clock when we score then Browns win
Wow
Fuck yes joe!!!
"BURROW, YOU MAD LAD!!!"
BIG DICK JOE
That's dual threat Rookie QB Joe Burrow to you.
How the turntables
So why did they put 6 seconds back on the clock? The clock should definitely be winding still.
don't score so fast
"While I agree you don’t wanna score too fast, obviously it’s a moot point if you don’t score."
Just find the fattest guys in the stands and put them on the line at this point
Do we have the most injuries in the league? Holy shit.
big ben int in the end zone tho!
"On the bright side, all these injured OL means we'll probably sign Spain.

And then he'll get injured."
That Gio run may haunt us
The first down Giovanni Bernard run to get it to the 2-minute warning made sense. The second and four Giovanni Bernard run after the 2-minute warning makes me want to punch a hole in the wall
Not a fan of that play call
that's a horrible spot. his forward progress was passed the 1st down line
Holy shit. The balls calling that play.
GIO :3
I nearly shit myself boys
GIOVANI BERNARD I LOVE YOU
GIIIIOOOOOO
GIOOO!!!!!!!!
Gonna be honest that’s a good play call right there
Andy would've thrown on the ground
"No timeouts, defense has to at least try"
GIOOOOOOO :333333333
He got 400 yards!!
"Sup Bengal bros, just stopped in after that awesome play. Good luck!"
Come on defense get one more stop or at least hold them to a field goal at worst.
"ZT is actually really coming into his own on offense. It’s been getting better every game. 

Defense....yeah. Can only really play in the first quarter apparently."
Randy is such a good kicker when it’s not a stressful situation. Obviously it’s annoying but it’s good to know he’s money for PATs.
Can burrow play Middle linebacker while we’re at it?
Big Sack Zac with the best play call of his career lol
Better not lose this one foe Joe. C'mon D.
Defense. Joe deserves this shit COME ON
"If there was ever a time for the defense to show up, now is the time"
Defense better not shit the bed on this
FUCKING TACKLE
You've got to be kidding me
Such a joke
Take some time off the clock
Automatic run off?  How does this work
Why are they acting like this is an interesting call? They are going to snap the ball as soon as the play clock starts either way.... Wtf lets go
Fuck this defense. Damn.
what a catch...
I hate us
That was just an incredible catch by Higgins. Fuck...
Welp
please don't waste Joe burrow
Kill me now. I swear.
lmao gg yall
Why do I even fucking watch
Every goddamn week it’s the same.
Darius Phillips fucking sucks and I'm tired of looking at him.
Sigh...
Hahahahahahahaha fuck
Our fucking defense is so bad. Wow.
Good god this team is straight up horse piss.
Don't waste talent
What a fucking joke
I knew they were scoring as soon as we called that timeout
Why
Fire everyone.
Our defense is embarrassing lol.
I just want to cheer and be happy. That’s all. I don’t get it.
"Must unclutch franchise to ever exist, saw it coming tho 1:06 way too much time with this defense lol.."
why aren't we playing prevent?
bruh I’m absolutely sick
How do the Bengals Bengal it up so consistently every week? Amazing
TANK FOR PENEI STILL ON
I like burrow.  That's all I have to say.
what a way to lose
Put Joe on the Covid list. We don’t deserve to be happy.
Just landed from a flight and see we lost a one score game. I'm shocked. Shocked!
I'll take a FG over an Int or Fumble fr fr
I believe this 9-85 might be better than the OG
No way he had possession that's bullshit
I seriously cant stand these announcers they're legit my least favorite team lol
"Was that the couches fault Carlos?

Edit coaches"
What an absolute joke of a call
Bengals and getting lit but by average at best TE’s
When is our center going to stop bungling snaps
Came here to bitch...but it's actually fun to see the Bengals still in a game in almost the 4th quarter.
Andy just got rocked
Missing Mixon's energy out there.
People acting like a well covered 50/50 ball is AJ's fault
Watching the cincinnati football bengals makes me wanna blow my head off
Not even a review??
Andy being Andy in Washington
"Bell fucking sucks.

Our defense fucking sucks.

Lou Anarumo sucks"
"I love how aggressive Burrow is as a quarterback, but damn he needs to dial it back because he's starting to make stupid throws."
"Do joe a solid and trade him, then just abolish the team. A joke"
Got my Fire ZT comments ready. Just need to get my Lou sucks up to speed
Ball security guys...
Let’s get one of those sweet mayfield int
Damn AJ sweet moves
"Little DPI in the endzone there. Didn't even play the ball, just tackled him like they were playing NFL Blitz."
Making baker mayfield look good 😂😂 wow
Is that spot not reviewable?
"That right there, is a bad spot"
Suck my ass refs they weren’t fucking short
Get every fan to play D 1000-11 can’t beat it
Lol of course no clock runoff and Browns get a long ass timeout for free
"Y'all saw that holding, right?"
"Denzel Ward is really good, sheesh"
Both teams are missing some significant players today.
"Defensive gameplan should be stop the run at all costs and make Baker throw as many passes as possible.

Now do I expect us to do that? No. Absolutely not. 

In fact, I expect us to do the exact opposite."
Who’s ready for some soft zone where every receiver is open at least 5 yards with no pressure whatsoever on the QB? 🙋🏼‍♂️
"Sucks it’s week 7 and we’re still a 1 win team - marginally better than where the team was last year at this point. If we could get a win today that would be great, but I’m not optimistic :/"
Damn that woulda been gorgeous! Close one
"Joe causes more false starts than offsides. Our players are dumb, they know the count."
Mike Thomas
MIKE FUCKIN THOMAS
I'm a fan of this Joseph Burrow boy
please beat baker 😭
Holy shit! What a play!
Joe Burrow gonna look good in a gold hall of fame jacket
Gotta be shitting me.
Fml
Pain
Speechless.
Ouch
Spain without the S
"I walked in the door ""oh wow they might... nevermind"""
It was a great drive up until that point.  Good thing baker is about to throw a pick 6 lol
"Who’s this commentator? I feel like every time he calls our games, bad shit happens"
The most Bengal thing ever
"Boyd was open, just have to put more air under the ball and let him run to it"
Odell is hurt
Baker is so shitty. Hearing some of my Browns buddies defend him just makes no sense to me.
Lolbaker
Bring that shit back baby!!!
womp womp
This game is going to be like 9-6 because they can’t get in the end zone.
dont waste talent
That pass is going to be infamous if those guys are out the rest of the game
RUN IT IN
Looks like more people there with the spread out
Who Dey!
There we go!
Hey do you guys wanna trade quarterbacks pretty please with misery on top
Baker Mayfield has thrown two opening INTs in 2 weeks now
"Hear i was think Hunt was hurt but its Chubb....god their backfield is stacked.

Edit: im an idiot who doesn't know how to differentiate their and there."
Nice throw from BM hah
Why does this announcer sound like the aliens they always have on the Simpsons halloween episodes
Another flag?  Jeez
Easy for you to say
From the placement of the kick to the flag that looked exactly like the last kick.
That ref looks like an old man who can't find his car keys.
OBJ headed to locker room 👀
Boyd was wide in the flat over there sheesh
lmao leave it up to the browns to play undisciplined football
I think that personal foul was half on accident
well he tried to throw it away this time I guess
What would have happened if a Bengal kicked that ball out of bounds while it was rolling on the ground? Maybe that penalty would be worth it.
"For the love of God, can we please have a non-stressful game?"
Sad Oscar....😂
Feels good seeing AJ looking like his old self
What was gios scream 😂
The stache!!
"We ran a successful screen, bois!"
The G-Stache is getting yards! Love it!
:{3
:[3
So good to see Gio having fun and having a good game ❤️
This week at practice they remembered they can throw that sideline route to AJ
"I think the offense has done well against the blitz thus far, but man do they disappoint when it matters. Hopefully it’s just an anomaly"
Stefanski is good as much as I hate saying that
MARGUS
LOL #21 was absolutely clueless on the last play. I hope you all saw that
Jesus.  Lol
jonah to locker room
Jeez it's like the Chiefs game all over again
Geno was going to push that dudes shit in.
Hunt out here making plays.
Josh Bynes penetrates
Why did they give the receivers such a huge cushion on 2nd down. They gave them a free 10 yards
Why have all our FA Signings been either injured or buns
Jonah unlikely to return with a neck injury
Go get some pts O! End the half on a positive! Please
There’s Higgins
No not jonah!!
Ga damn T is ballin
Remember before the season started we thought Auden Tate was going to be a target in the red zone? Yeeeeaaahhhhh.
Keep sneekin baby
He has got to throw the fucking ball away. C'mon Joe.
Please throw the ball away Joe ur killin me
"Damn, I thought Joe knew Garrett was breathing down his neck"
Yesssssss!!!!
"Why not just run in Joe?

Nvm td"
These refs are garbage though. Just saying.
That was a beauty holy shit
My wife left to pick  up the groceries with 3 minutes left in the half. She just got back and thought I was lying when I said the quarter was still going.
Is there a chance Hopkins comes back.....
Bro fuck that soft ass zone. What the POINT
Stop playing zone
You’ve gotta be kidding
How bout a sack boys?
Would be nice to even get a little pass rush this game.
I couldve made that throw with that much time and a receiver that open
Both of our lines need so much work. We have no pass rush at all.
gio a blocking stud
"literal free runner ""HOLDING"""
"Billy, sweet Billy boy. Kindly fuck off. Please god let us land Quinton Spain."
Joe out here playing Madden on Rookie
"With jonah hurt, Is Gio our best olinemen? /s... sorta"
First Round Billy back at it
Yall better give Bobby his credit for forcing that flag
100 Awareness
"Jesus, price blows"
Like a fumblerooski almost
We copied some the browns plays during halftime it appears
Defense can’t do anything right on 3rd down. Dummies
Can I get some Winston Rose instead of leshaun sims?
Try covering someone please
What happened to Andy Dalton?
You gotta be kidding me.
Heeeeere we goooo!
Way to go D
I wish we had a killer TE man. That was a great catch.
Wilson has been doing a shit job returning since like week 3. What is going on?
Now other teams that would come back and bite us in the ass. Let’s get down the field!
Ward with the uppercut
I think burrow knew what was coming.  Coach got scared.
See Samples good for anything unspectacular lol
Now can we make a fricken stop
That was fun
"If I’ve said it once, I’ve said it 1000 times, Fred Johnson needs to be the starting RT...."
Doesn't matter. Defense is just going to let the other team march right down the field unopposed and score.
"Give us our fucking calls!!!

I'm glad we are up but these calls our lopsided against us every damn game."
Titans sneaking back up on Shittsburgh.
What is pressure
They're always wide open ugh
Yo lou I think they are going to target Higgins on this drive
Come on defense..
Good God where is the freaking pass rush??
Incoming baker baker turnover maker
live stream?
Slowest ball of all time and just jogged to it. Where tf was the defense?
Landry's cracked rib moment
...this feels familiar
Any 11 of us could let the clowns march right down the field too.
he walked in...
Burrow's just like why do I even try
Defense is an absolute joke
Defense seemingly does nothing when it's important. 18 straight completions for breaking baker Mayfield lol
We are really ruining burrow with these garbage ass coaches
Sometimes I wonder why I even watch this garbage
Fourth quarter. We have the lead. Defense forgets how to play. Where have we seen this before?
We cant afford a single Gio run up the gut for 0 yards on this next drive
You know the opposing QB has a rib injury and you don’t fucking get near him all day. You don’t even sniff him. Joke.
This is eerily similar to the 2018 steelers home game
I know there have been injuries on defense. But it’s next man up and the coach should set his players up for success. Lou doesn’t do that. One bit.
Thomas!
LET THE CLOCK RUN
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN JOE GETS TIME
Lmao our lines on both sides are throwing this game😂😂😂
Joey pissed about the line
Wtf?
Mike Thomas can replace Ross's role. He's a 4.3 runner
PI?
Seriously f*** these refs. We can't get a single pass interference call.
We're moving the ball too fast. They're going to get the ball back with around 2 minutes and 2 time outs if we score. We all know what happens after that.
Yes excellent coverage just stop the man's route. Np guys
Bruhhhhh
Fuck this OL
This is fucking crazy. Idk why I am even surprised.
That's bullshit
(Insane laughter)HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
That's my QB.
Time to run the ball and use the hell out of the clock.
He’s pissed off now. C’mon!!
oooo another big dick run
:3
Peyton Manning is god damn hilarious
The o line is dying out here
Drain clock. Make browns use TO. Get 1st down. Drain clock. Win.
I honestly didn't think our O-line could get worse lmoa
"Jesus christ, even shart is down"
r/browns imploding
gotta sign spain now
No way he got that!!
"Lol now Hart is out, I am worried for Joe"
Two Gio runs lol fuck outta here Zac
joe burrow qb sneak incoming
Please do a QB sneak
Thats a first wtf is wrong with the refs
These announcers man. Of course we’re running we don’t trust the D haha
So many people here don’t understand how to manage the clock lol
GIO!!!
 FUCK YES FUCK YES BIG PP JOE
There's still a minute left and I'm still so worried ...
[deleted]
Kind of wish we were downed at the one to get more time off the clock.
Holy shit that was fucking stressful i was so ready to bitch at ZT for that
Fucking yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lets see how we lose this game
Here comes the shutdown zone defense
Can SuperJoe play D?! He’s our only chance!
The balls on this kid are MASSIVE
Actual good play call.
Too much time on the clock for our D lmao.
Now all we have to do is pray to the big cat in the sky that Lou calls defense not like a complete fucking idiot and we can win a game
Come on defence. Time to step up!!!!
pls defense
Please. Step up. Cmon D.
PLEASE DEFENSE IM BEGGING YOU
Please defense please
ONE MINUTE OF DEFENSE IS ALL I ASK OF YOU BUMS
We better not play zone
Ofc
yeah that's about right
can we just bring the house since their receivers are always open anyway
lmao thats the most yelling lou has done all year
I want Zac's hoodie with the tiger head instead of the B pls thx
Great catch
Pain
"21 straight now, pathetic"
Please for the love of God get a sack or tackle them inbounds.
haha oh Lou
THERES STILL SOO MUCH TIME TOO!!!
Did they actually all out blitz there? the fuck?
Literally anyone off the street is a better dc than this fucking clown
fckin fire lou
My boss is asking me if I need to go to AA now. Fucking.....god....
What. In. The. World.
Unbelievable
Mayfield 4 short of tying the record
LOL
100 percent in
this defence tho ... yikes
At least we have our franchise QB. Fuck
I told yall
Typical
This hurts
Pain
Yea I don't know how or why anyone here was celebrating when we scored that TD. I said it multiple times. A minute. Too much time
Phillips is so bad LOLL
bye bye zac
Jesus...
now I'm not saying I called it but that doesn't mean I don't want to die
Tears of disbelief
Are you fucking serious
Ima fight Lou
no surprise there
Unfucking real
This team is unbelievably bad
lol
Fuck you Darius Phillips
Please cut Phillips
Fair catch kick for 70 yards to go to OT lol
The best thing is this not shocking. They scored in 1 minute off of long balls. Literally a fucking joke.
3 point game plzzzz
Let’s see if Burrow is legend status or not
I’m so done this team.
"I almost shit myself, sadly we're us"
Fuck this shit
"Taylor is Marvin 2.0 without the playoff appearances. 

Never come out prepared for the 2nd half."
"Just bring Matt Patricia in during the off-season. Offensive line has been weirdly doing its job, ZT is calling good plays, but can’t finish. Lou just can’t prepare for any defense."
"I think AJ's head is back in the game, whoever was asking."
I guess now we have two dirty teams in this division
If ZT does anything but sneak the ball here he should be fired. If you aren't going to throw it on third down you shouldn't throw it on fourth down.
This has to be rigged. The NFL has to be rigged. There's no way that we are this bad/unlucky at close games. 1-12-1
Is Erikson really the best punt returner we have??
"Damn, that’s a recovery"
"Thanks Jonah, great job!"
I’ll take a FG over no score
Vonn Bell just...isn't good. Right?
That’s a cute little play
Fire that useless cunt into the fucking sun
Somebody get Marvin on the phone
FIRE LOU
Done with this team. Until we draft and oline and a secondary we're going to be shit.
Right through his hands 🤧. I wanted bates to make a play there so badly
"Gase, Marrone, and Kitchens. Lol. Zac fucking sucks."
Literally expect this to happen every time. Our D is the most unclutch unit in the game
I need a back up team. Can’t take this shit.
"Coaching, again, remains the Achilles heal of Cincinnati"
"Chargers fan here. I am so excited for the Burrow vs Herbert rivalry. It looks like it can last many many years.

Edit: to clarify, I’m stoked that both of them look awesome"
"Browns fan just stopping by to say well played game, and win or lose from here it looks like you've got your guy. Burrow looks great. If Baker can sort himself out and get back to at least rookie form, the AFCN is a bloodbath."
AJ just doesn’t make the tough catches anymore
"If he's not hurt, Burrow's gonna have no fire by the end of this year smh everything he does turns to dust"
We should just kick the field goal. Lol
Get Burrow to a better team
AJ could have at least tried to break that up. Wtf man.
AJ Green either needs to retire or get his f***ing head in the game
Garbage call
mike thomas is a fucking bum
Wow.  That's why your 3ed string los
Go cry on Instagram now
"Sims is bad he gets burnt every week, can’t wait to have Jackson, Waynes, Alexander"
Jonah is doubtful to return 😭
"If we had even won just one of chargers, colts, eagles I'd fool myself into thinking we had a shot at a wildcard spot 😂"
"Why did we waste 40 seconds on the clock earlier, if this ruled as down at the one yard line, that extra time would be so helpful. #Taylorthings"
Aj!!!  Nooo!!!
"Damn, got to tuck that away AJ"
This has been a great game so far
Sick call. Carl Lawson had zero effect on that play
Should have sneaked or ran the ball on the three yard line in the first quarter. It always comes back to something with ZT. Dudes a clown.
Can we PLEASE fire our head trainer
Fucking price
don't waste talent
[deleted]
Good play from the DB but I can't help but think AJ of old makes that play
Every fucking game ZT. Passing game is working and then he runs and kills the drive
Big one for Taylor here. This would be his first win against a coach thats better than him.
Reminder: Zac Taylor has never won as a head coach in 1 score football games! If we don't win here all blame should go on him and not Joe
Burrow deserves to be on a better team than this.
Looks like Zac should be getting fired
There was more ball movement on that DPJ catch than the rules fucker implied
"Wait, did I miss a play or are people roasting AJ for not making that extremely tough catch where he also got rocked as the ball got there?"
that was in bounds lmao drunk refs
Only the bengals can make a team with 3 receivers look good. Honestly hope the bengals lose so Taylor can get fired
[deleted]
"Jonah doubtful to return.

Bench Burrow NOW"
Does Green make any hard catches any more
Goddamnit I hate adam archuleta. ugh.
Weird that Cethan Carter isn’t playing
Both HCs wearing the same exact hoodie lol
Joe is getting better at evading the constant pressure he sees
Can somebody DM me a good stream? I can't find anything that works
Where are all the Mike Thomas haters after his one fumble?
Can’t guard mike
Mike I see you!
Of course.
Just turned the game on and was pumped we were about to score
ah well it fun whilst it lasted
I wanna go home
"I was just about to post something along of the lines of how we were doing well and I didn't want to get scarred again like last week. 

Well fuck me sideways! I'm not sure why I expected anything less."
"Goddammit dude, he could have scampered right in"
Jesus Christ 😅
Burrows has led the receivers back into the defenders on the last two long balls
One step forward two steps back. It’s the bengals way
HELL OF A PLAY
Reneg
JK lol thanks Mayfield
TOUCHDOWN! LETS GO!
I am utterly confused
Randy the reliable - unless there’s pressure
Is OBJ broken?
The last coach that was worth a damn.
And its that time for the Sam Wyche speech!
Baker yesyoumayfield.
Good use of empty set
Oh thomas.  It's ok.  Good throw
Great job getting off the block
Time for the soft zone set up!. I cant wait!!
Alright let's hope this dude shanks this
Anyone have a working game stream?
Gio
Perine is on
:3
Never try to fool an Estonian
why dont we play to stop the run? BM has been shit this game
The tackling form and attempts are so fucking pathetic to watch.
Well thanks refs.
Hunt on the hunt
CAn we get the ref from last week please?
I've always have and always will love this big man
In a world where the Bengals have Linebackers
"RiP, Jonah!"
T baby!
There’s Higgins with a pickup of 27
Wheres Trey Hopkins?
Billy Price is in?
pls don't be a block in the back or smn please let us have nice- aaaaaaaaaaa
Fuck this
Of course there's holding. Refs suck
That was a hell of a sneak though
Sneak it three more times.
Two best o lineman out right now not a good situation.
What’s the sack count
Hopkins and Williams are out
Big stop here come on!
Good tackle Bell
Why are our safeties so deep every play
Too many gd injuries on defense finally showing
bro there were 3 bengals there smh
Our safeties are so bad in coverage lmao
Ahh Billy Price
Joey needs to learn how to throw it away.
"I like Price showing a little mean streak, anyway."
Billy Price. 🙄
haha stinky Garrett trying to kill my son early
AJ getting back to speed boys 😎
"10th completion in a row, does that toss to the dirt not count as a pass?"
Can we just play from shotgun rhe rest of the game so we avoid those fumbles?
sigh
Wilson has not had a good year on ST.
It’s really nice to see sample show up
Na that was a good pass
Of course...that shoulda been on Ward
Thank you butterfingers
Mayfield with the F bomb
Lol how does that happen?
Get this stop now.
Asking the defense to step up... asking way too much
Literally ran into the tight end lmao. Couldn't have made it easier
Cincinnati Bengals: Making every opposing player look like a Pro Bowler
FFFFFFFUUUUUUUU
Need a perfect 4 minute drill here. Can’t leave more than 30 seconds on the clock
Welp blue tent is better than off the field
Lmao the way they opened up that tent made me crack up
john ross who?
DPI???
Fred no
Blocking downfield
Offsides on the center...
s i g h
Do they have 3 timeouts left?
We have a gamer!!!
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|02:45 4th|PIT|27|@|24|TEN|
|01:18 4th|DAL|3|@|25|WAS|
|01:50 4th|BUF|18|@|10|NYJ|
|02:01 4th|GB|35|@|13|HOU|
|02:00 4th|CLE|31|@|27|CIN|
|01:25 4th|DET|16|@|14|ATL|
|Sun 10/25 04:05 PM ET|TB|-|@|-|LV|
|Sun 10/25 04:25 PM ET|JAX|-|@|-|LAC|
|Sun 10/25 04:25 PM ET|SF|-|@|-|NE|
|Sun 10/25 04:25 PM ET|KC|-|@|-|DEN|
|Sun 10/25 08:20 PM ET|SEA|-|@|-|ARI|
|Mon 10/26 08:15 PM ET|CHI|-|@|-|LA|
|Final|CAR|24|@|27|NO|
|Final|NYG|21|@|22|PHI|"
There’s still two minutes left....
I missed that Jonah is out? Dude we fucked
sheeeet bobby
Looked like lower leg injury to Hart?
"Damn just got radio streamed and it is like 20 seconds ahead of the game feed.  

I don not want to hear what I'm going to see. oops just heard TD leaking out of the headphones"
Is this the only way we could get rid of bobby hart?
ugh. i dont wanna deal with this
Let the clock  run then qb sneak
sneak it for the love of god
QB sneak time now
Oh boy
BIG DICK JOE!!!!!
YES!!!!!!
fck baker
Gioooooooooo!!!
LETS GOOOOOO
:3
"Now please, no fucking zone coverage"
OOOOOEEEEE BALLSY PLAY
We have to send everyone and pressure Baker for the love of god.
Ballsy call
If the defense doesn’t hold up for one minute I will have a heart attack
Unfortunately this is just a rerun of our most hate movie
LETS GO
Please for the love of God D
WHO FUCKIN DEY BABY
Come on D
Jessie bates pick 6.
Cant wait to watch chokey parkey miss
Whats being reviewed?
I'm really hoping the browns mess up time management.
Fuck lou
Gotta admit that's a hell of a catch
Our defense is fucking trash
"We would've found a way to give up the lead if there was only 6 seconds left, let alone 66."
Burrow deserves a win and this defense wont let him have it
Why wasn't the clock moving before we took a time out?
Lol
Just throw it deep over and over god damn.
Wtf
I'm crushed lol
WUT
Lol yep not surprised...
"Miracle time? No, no we don't do miracles here"
Games done
Please fucking fade me
Aj green shousve ad that!!
The players on the field when the offense is on the sideline don't even deserve to be called a defense. Fucking atrocious
Who was Dunlop screaming at on the sideline ? Couldn’t tell
Bernard is more reliable than Mixon
I knew when we went for the TD instead of the sneak that it was a bad call. We left too much time for Cleveland
there's no way we win this game with this line fellas Garrett will burn and pilliage
Can't even snap the fucking ball right
I'm guessing that near pick was a miscommunication with AJ too
[deleted]
Who's ready to get their asses kicked?
Can we PLEASE stop running on second and long. I just don’t get it
"Passing from 2 yard line? It’s AFC north, 5 or less we run for it."
If the bengals keep getting embarrassed maybe they’ll fire ZT. Idk what else to hope for at this point.
JONAH WILLIAMS IS A RT MASQUERADING AS A LT
fckin dunlap
"Ok pack it up boys, I'll arrange Burrows funeral"
That dog licking commercial needs to stop
Our d line is some BOOTY CHEEKS!
Are we the worst red zone offense in the league?
You gotta be SHITTING me. Teams cursed
"Can’t believe I’m saying this, but I think our defense might be worse than our O Line"
Why isn’t Geno on the field???
Our defense will not stop them.
fck the steelers won 😭
😂😂😂😂💀😂😂
im about to turn this stupid shit off. fuck Lou
I'd be mad af too Dunlap
If 29 isn’t there green makes the easy catch. Wrong place at the right time
Hell of a game guys. Good game. The Bengals are right in here in a lot of these games and getting better.
I hate this whole fucking coaching staff. Seriously. We are REGRESSING!!!!!!!!! Mark my words we're going back to Pre-Marvin levels of frustration. Fire Zac Taylor NOW!!!
Jonah glass williams
AJ of old comes down with that. Gotta have stronger hands.
[deleted]
"Should’ve sticked with Andy, this kid is a bum /s"
How is it a personal foul to slap someone in the face when they have a helmet on? I don’t see how that should be a personal foul.
[deleted]
"No way that lil roll over was possession wtf

Nvm...replay"
Way to be Dunlap smh
Green cmon
Now the browns will go on a 14 play 10 minute drive
I've done this a couple of times but I don't think the defense is playing all that bad considering the injuries. Mayfield is making good throws
Fuck it. Fake a covid outbreak and forfeit every game for the #1
We will get them next week!!
Love Joe but he's a turnover machine so far.  Hope he's able to get it turned around.
Yeah that clearly wasn't pass interference...
So when does Green's contract end exactly?
AJ of the past makes that. That shits disappointing to see
How is this at all Zac Taylor's fault?
I’m tired of them never having the balls to go for it in the end zone on 4th down. Just taking field goals is how they lose all of these close games
"Yeah, I hate bringing politics into this but that Fanon Rucker attack ad was ridiculous. For those worried about him not being a former prosecutor, [that’s patently not true, and he was a judge from 2007-2019. He has experience.](https://thecincinnatiherald.com/2019/09/hamilton-county-judge-fanon-rucker-stepping-down/)"
You cannot he making rookie mistakes like that...
Y does Sunday ticket say it’s 10-10 at half???
"We will win this game!!!

LETS GOOOOOO!!!!"
I love buffalo wild wings. Who am i kidding i just love wings in general
"Let's just hire James Harrison to intimidate this soft ass defense of ours. No dogs, someone has to step up and hold people accountable."
WTF are these play calls?!?!?!?!
[deleted]
😔
.
[deleted]
Green just not giving a shit
"Didn’t have possession, not recovered."
What is Lou Anarumo supposed to do with throws like that?
"Gold Star is the best chili. Upvotes on the left (or right, not sure)"
Tee is AJ now that AJ isn't really AJ anymore
Refs are in the browns payroll today.
My goodness Burrow makes some terrible throws
Lou is severely limited by the injuries..
I feel a big loss today
Jesus what a terrible play call.
We are fucked in this game without Jonah and Trevor.
Who is this Bryant douche
Were winning this game. Only a few doubts in my mind.
Jonah Williams is a bust
NOBODY CARES ABOUT ANDY DALTON. STOP POSTING ABOUT HIM
Fuck andy dalton
"BENGALS LOSE AGAIN! LOOOOOOOOOOOOL

SHEEP"
OUT OF BOUNDS
YOURE TAXES WILL GO UP 65000 A YEAR!!!!!
I'm sure our rookie phenomenon will come out and turn the ball over again
I’m so tired of watching AJ not fight for balls. If it’s not directly in his hands then it’s a wrap.
"I know he is just a rookie, but Burrow has some accuracy issues he needs to work out."
[deleted]
"Lol

The ball clearly moved when he hit the ground out of bounds. 

Same thing happened against the colts."
All y’all that downvoted me for saying we should have went for it on 4th are wonderin now huh?
So if we lose this game and a sliver of chance Taylor got fired guess it won’t happen because we’ll blame injuries.
Fat Randy seems to be healthy so why have the bengals kept Seibert for the past few weeks? We could always use his roster spot for another DB or lineman.
They keep him around and separate from Randy incase he gets hungry.... I mean covid. That way they don't have to wait for some kicker to get tested and quarantined.
With the practice squad stuff going on this year they can have more roster spots so they keep him it’s not preventing other players from being added.
I'm pretty sure Brown and Tobin have forgotten about the team. That's why we haven't been trading or signing anyone.
"COVID emergency/reserve, I assume. Takes to long to get a new kicker in if Randy catches the rona a few days out from a game."
"It’s our version of drafting Jordan Love. Gotta keep the heat on Randy, brings out his best."
""
"Football gods, please. I can’t watch another week of Alex Redmond."
Pls
OH please god..PLEASE
Oh my god it’s happening
How are his defensive coordinator skills?
Is he good?
Momma get my dancing shoes
Oh shit oh shit oh shit please sign
"Better sooner than later but why wait this long.


Also let’s remember they also started Bodine. 

Their OL talent evaluation is about as shitty as ours"
Wooo
Pls
Holy cow!
lfg
"Boys, this might be our chance to do something on O-Line. Move Fred to RT in Harts absence and pray that Jonah comes back."
"Oh fantastic, good thing the entire rest of our line is hurt now"
At this point it’s a necessity as 4 out of 5 starting OL are hurt.
Yay
"Too little , too late . Sell sell sell , tank tank tank for draft picks . Clean house top to bottom . Bubble wrap Joe for future use."
[deleted]
About that...
he still could post up nice statline but already has 2 TOs ouch
This was like actually a solid prediction tho ignoring our defense
""
Update: Local tiger commits suicide.
Not anymore
Local tiger found hanging from the rafters
:(
:)
Nice
[removed]
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jhy08d)"
[removed]
Damn I didn’t see Hopkins. What happened?
"I’m curious what happens if we run out of linemen 

Does sample line up"
That hit was dirty sucks to watch
*just walked off the field by himself !
That hit should be a suspension.
Fuck the Steelers
""
"10 carries for 28 yards. 

Delete this embarassing fucking post, you damned idiot."
This ain’t it
Imagine thinking bernard is better than mixon because of 1 game
stop.
You are out of your mind.
Put the beer down. You're drunk!
""
Pray for Dalton.  Concussion for sure.  Fuck 2020.
""
Bengals have had 5 fourth quarter leads this year and only 1 win to show for it
"How many people in this sub must have thought “oh well, atleast we were close!” Week 1 Seattle last year....Close don’t cut it"
Hey hey woah woah hey that's 1-12-1 to you
Graphic needs updating
Half of those losses were last year in games where we were 100% out of it but scored late to make it close
I’m glad that someone else feels this pain as I am a Falcons fan. I am currently in talks with China for the Falcons to be purchased and sent to one of those secret concentration camps that don’t exist in China
Thank ZT and the Front Office
Always find a way to lose
No it's not. It's so Cincinnatian.
We won a close game once?!
Zac Taylor ladies and gents...GTFO.  Give us Bienemy!!!
The one win was because our talent overcame the coaching. I credit these one score loses to that as well.  Get the right coaching and we win at least half of those games.
[removed]
What the fuck you old geezer
You should be able to put up 34 points as an offense and win.
You knew that play was coming like what the fuck. Defense Time out = TD
HOW MANY TIMES IS THIS GOING TO HAPPEN THIS SEASON?!?
There's a reason he wasn't even in the top 5 choices when Taylor was building the staff... If memory serves he was just the only guy who would take the job... Imagine if we had an ownership who didn't scare coaches away!
"The losses other than Baltimore were completely on the defense.  The Baltimore game was proof that we aren't going to match up against serious contenders. So let's just take that game out. If we disregard the abomination of a game that was Baltimore, the Bengals are scoring an average of 27 points per game. 27...and we only won 1 out of those 6 games (remember we're taking the Baltimore game out of this just for shits and giggles). 

Zac needs to man the fuck up and keep the defense accountable. If Anarumo and his shitty, soft-zone-playing,   no-pass-rush, amateurish defense don't step it up to at least acceptable levels by next week, fire that motherfucker. And if Zac won't do that, then fire his ass too...for the most part the offense has been doing their part, minus that Baltimore game...

But seriously, fuck Lou and this defense...


Sorry for the language y'all."
Jesus Christ I wish I could be that bad at my job and have the security of this man.
"WHY ARE WE BLITZING, WITH LESS THAN A MINUTE LEFT, A TEAM  THAT HAS BEEN KILLING US WITH TIGHT ENDS AND MAN COVERAGE. THATS LIKE THROWING OUT A CHARMANDER VERSUS BLASTOISE DAFUQ"
Drive up to Clifton and offer Marcus freeman whatever he wants
I really hate this team. It would just be easier to turn the game on for the last 5 minutes then to waste the 3 hours.
No excuse. Should be fired tonight
"You remember that time where we hired a QB Coach to become our HC back in like 2019 or something and he hired a DC with 10 years of experience who was crap and an O-line Coach who has 26 years of experience and is also crap?  
You should, because we are living with that right now and my god it hurts to be from Cincinnati. Cleveland at least has decent coaches."
"Fire this man, I should never know that every team we play will score if given the ball with even 45 fucking seconds left before the half or end of the 4th"
"You know, almost the funniest part is that Lou has been coaching DB's for years before he took this job."
Lou has to go tomorrow. Simply ridiculous.
"And fucking get rid rid of Dunlap as soon as you fucking can. He is only decreasing his own trade value at this point.

Im actually pretty encouraged about ZT after some good play calls today though he just needs to find some dc to hold other teams to less than 30 goddamn points."
Fire then entire coaching staff. We need real experienced coaches that can and will win
No shit. 11 seconds left you know it’s a fucking end zone shot. Though I’ll cool down a bit and say the corner played it well it just went right through his arms
It can’t get worse so why not?
Asking legitimately - did the Browns have to punt at all today?
"We also gotta cut Carlos Dunlap. He’s given us good years but he hasn’t produced anything this year, and he just looks terrible out there."
"They had zero timeouts. Literally their only plays were going to be aggressive throws to the sidelines. Maybe you allow one of those excellent sideline plays because, hey it’s the NFL. But, you can NOT allow every single one of those plays to convert, much less a goddamn TD. Absolutely inexcusable."
I'm pretty cool with firing taylor too. Let's get joe brady
"I totally agree, and also....why? With Mike Brown in charge, this will never change. Yes, Lou needs to go. As does the entirety of the rest of the defensive staff.   


AND, it won't matter. Mike Brown makes enough money off the taxpayers he doesn't care. There's no incentive to create a winning team."
I will never understand how on almost every play there is a receiver just standing by himself 10 yards down field and there is just no defender anywhere near him. And it's every fucking play.
Can we also fire Jim Turner while we’re at it?
Fire Zac and Lou
Marvin is missed
Cook em Lou
"Yeah, Lou needs to go. His defense is absolute garabage. I don’t think Taylor needs to go, the offense is the only thing keeping this team in games, and has gotten 300+ yards out of his qb with questionable (at best) offensive line play. They should really explore getting a veteran defensive coordinator and staff to come in and clean this defensive mess up, we just have to hope they are willing to over pay to get a competent defensive coaching staff in place. I am hopeful, mainly because Cincinnati went outside normal operations and spent big money in free agency this offseason. Now they just need to do the same with a defensive coach and let him pick his staff. The offense isn’t the problem in my eyes (spending some money in the trenches would fix all their issues in my opinion), the defense is what has been loosing them games. Remember, the situation with the Rams Zac Taylor came from only worked so well because they had Wade Phillips running the defense. If Mikey Brown can change his thinking much like was done with free agency spending this past offseason, on a defensive staff, the future will be extremely bright here. Fingers crossed. Who Dey!"
I am just gonna lay this out there.... Wade Phillips is available i believe..
FIRE ZAC
"He won't make it through tomorrow. If Zac doesn't fire him, Mike will. Mike Brown does not like losing to the Browns EVER! That's the one thing that actually pisses him off more than anything."
Bet Carlos could of gotten pressure.
[removed]
He's atrocious. They need to just clean house but Taylor will be around for at least three more years I'm sure.
Send Taylor with them. Nothing is improving. It’s just the will of the players doing anything. Taylor isn’t showing HC material. His coordinators were terrible choices. They’re going to waste Burrows beat years on a shit show.
""
"Honestly, yeah. Play calling was good, offense was very productive (despite missing Mixon) and Joe didn't get absolutely demolished. Joe himself had an excellent game (35/47, 406(!) yards, 3/1, 1 rushing td) and is adding more proof to the pile saying that he is the future.

The defense was absolutely horrible. Yes we were missing our top corner, but they were missing their best receiver for most of the game, their top running back, and Baker Mayfield had 5 fucking touchdowns. I expected a touchdown every time they got the ball, and I was right nearly every drive. I'm tired of this.

Scoring 30+ points should be a win. This team with a league average DC would be at .500 at worst. If Lou isn't fired today, then Idk what the fuck they're doing anymore."
Yeah that GIo TD pass was Taylor’s best call of his career
"Fire Lou, Trade Dunlap and Ross for Zeitler, Pick up Quinton Spain......Profit"
Fuck Lou. I wanted him gone after the Indy game...this game was proof that he isn't fit to be an NFL DC.
FIRE LOU
"Imagine if this team had a DC, my god we would be in a wild card contention. Worse part is I think ZT (yes he deserves some of it) takes a lot of blame but let’s look at this way. Out of all those games that have been one score or less, how many times has the defense needed to make a stop and just completely shit the bed? I get he deserves blame for the hire but my god, they have given up points when it’s been 30 sec or less on the clock. Offense was good, defense needs to come through. I seriously wonder if Lou makes it to Wednesday after yet another collapse. My guess is no."
You see we all say “Fire Lou” but we all know damn well they’re not gonna fire him. If anything he’ll probably get an extension after this season
"Zac needs to go to. He has no clue what he's doing. It's known fact now that he's not a good coach, he's not even a mediocre coach. Zero improvement and we will waste Burrow's best years if he stays. Period.

E: wow downvotes for not defending Zac Taylor. Just wow this sub is amazing. Glad to know you enjoyed the Schula, Coslet, Lebeau years so much because they are coming back."
[removed]
It’s not an anomaly. It’s time to change things up.
"Make it 7 points, and it is 0-11-1"
The Mike Brown special...
"Don’t forget the 2-7 in games decided by 8pts or more, that’s fucking awful too. Not many companies will keep you when you’re that shitty at your job."
Yeah and the one win was a bigger lead we tried to blow
Fuck it. Call this season a bust and hope the Bengals can lose just enough to land Sewell (somehow). It will be the damn silver lining in all of this.
Hue Jacksian levels of sadness.
"#Cleveland Browns at Cincinnati Bengals

Paul Brown Stadium- Cincinnati, OH

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:04

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Browns|3|7|7|20|37|
|Bengals|7|10|3|14|34|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|CIN|TD|1|(6:53) J.Burrow up the middle for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|1|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|FG|1|(1:23) C.Parkey 43 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Hughlett, Holder-J.Gillan.|
|CIN|FG|2|(11:13) R.Bullock 37 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|TD|2|(3:42) (Shotgun) B.Mayfield pass short left to H.Bryant for 3 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CLE|PAT|2|C.Parkey extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Hughlett, Holder-J.Gillan.|
|CIN|TD|2|(:21) (Shotgun) J.Burrow pass short middle to T.Boyd for 11 yards, TOUCHDOWN. The Replay Official reviewed the score ruling, and the play was Upheld. The ruling on the field stands.|
|CIN|PAT|2|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|TD|3|(9:34) (Shotgun) B.Mayfield pass short middle to H.Bryant for 6 yards, TOUCHDOWN [C.Dunlap].|
|CLE|PAT|3|C.Parkey extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Hughlett, Holder-J.Gillan.|
|CIN|FG|3|(2:52) R.Bullock 23 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|TD|4|(13:17) B.Mayfield pass deep middle to D.Njoku for 16 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CLE|PAT|4|C.Parkey extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Hughlett, Holder-J.Gillan.|
|CIN|TD|4|(8:51) (Shotgun) J.Burrow pass short middle to T.Higgins for 16 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|4|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|TD|4|(4:57) (Shotgun) B.Mayfield pass short left to K.Hunt for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CLE|PAT|4|C.Parkey extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Hughlett, Holder-J.Gillan.|
|CIN|TD|4|(1:09) J.Burrow pass short right to G.Bernard for 3 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|4|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CLE|TD|4|(:15) (Shotgun) B.Mayfield pass deep right to D.Peoples-Jones for 24 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Browns | 5 | 40 | 82 | 316 | 23 |
| Bengals | 7 | 45 | 81 | 387 | 31 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
Fire Anarumo now
Is it too much to ask for just one week that isn’t a kick in the balls?
No more excuses for Anarumo. He’s not good. Fire him
"Poor Burrow. Dude played the game of his life and still got let down by our terrible, incompetent, failure of an organization."
Fire Lou immediately. You don't let a team score in 45 seconds.
"Zac Taylor you have a decision to make, either fire Lou or let him be the reason you're gone at the end of the season"
God I hate being a Bengals fan
pain.
Somehow every week this team builds me up and breaks me down
It's sad when the other team has 1 minute on the clock with no timeouts and I expect the Bengals to lose
What the fuck
FUCK LOU ANARUMO!!!!!!!!
Bengals snatching defeat from the jaws of victory
The Bengals could easily be 3-3-1 if they knew how to keep a fucking lead holy shit.
I want to die.  Quit calling defensive time outs.  Fire lou.  I'm actually feeling physically I'll after that.
"If ZT won’t fire Lou, then ZT needs to go too"
No more Lou Anarumo. The Bengals have progressed passed the need for Lou Anarumo.
"Joe Burrow threw for 700+ yards, 7 TDs with 1 pick, and went 0-2 to the Browns. What a fucking shame."
So. Lost two to the BROWNS. Lou shouldn’t have a job after this game. And others. I don’t know. I’m too angry to think.
"Say what you want, Marvin Lewis would’ve won this and the colts game. He had some football IQ"
That’s a clean out the house loss
3-19-1. It speaks for itself.
Fire Lou or pack your bags. Absolute embarassment. We keep losing the same way every week.
"Ok is it just me, or did Darius Phillips absolutely whiff his fucking swat at the end?"
ZT called probably his best game as HC and the offense looked brilliant....only to have it given away by the defense. Lou can't coach at this level. Fire him and move on already. This is ridiculous.
Every ounce of my fiber hates Lou Anoroumu
Have we ever had a successful play on defense after calling a timeout while the other team is driving? That’s just being outcoached
"All I'm going to say is 1-12-1 in one score game's isn't a fluke. That's not just ""looking in the mirror and changing one to two plays to win."" Taylor DOES NOT know how to coach winning football. He lets his coordinator play the softest concepts all game. This is not letting him learn on the job. He is in over his head. Cut the cord now."
"Tobin has to go to ZT and tell him ""fire Lou or pack it up"" 

I think Taylor is coming into his own. The offensive gamelan today was probably his best game as HC. However, if he's not willing to hold people accountable, he's a liability."
#TANK FOR PENEI STILL ON
"From my brother, @XUStatman:

Here is your stat.  The last 2 minutes of each half equate to less than 7% of the game. But Cincy has given up 48 pts this year in these 4 mins, which is 24.7% of total pts given up this year"
Fire this entire fucking staff
Yeah think I’m done watching this team until we fire Lou. If i have to hear them talk about fucking culture change one more time after the same shit happens every week
God we fucking suck. All I know is pain. Born in the 90s old enough to drink myself out of pain at least. Fuck being born into this franchise that only brings sorrow.
"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this team gave me cancer anyway."
Bryan Price was a better manager
Every week I expect nothing and every week they find a new way to break my heart.
"FIRE LOU, fuck these coaches. FIRE ZAC TOO, they are shit coaches, such shitty coaches"
"Couldn’t get the game so I had to painfully watch the gamecast. Watching that poo brown helmet move with ease 25 yards per play, drive after drive was sickening."
"Was at the game, after that last TD saw Dunlap getting into it with somebody on the bengals sideline & he had to be separated"
"We let Baker Mayfield go 22/23 after going 0/5.

What the actual fuck?"
We got swept so at least we can get eric
"Expect nothing.

Get dissapointed.

How to Bengal, 101. :("
"Born in ‘82, Bengals fan my whole life. I turned the game on with 4 minutes to go in the fourth and turned it back off after our last TD with a minute left knowing with 100% certainty the game was over and we lost."
"I've been pretty steady in talking to other fans that I think ZT and Lou just need time to start turning these 1 possession games into wins. After today though, I can't really continue that narrative. It's not healthy to have constant turnover in the coaching staff but I can't justify keeping it the same anymore. Rant over, and fuck the steelers."
Lou could fuck up a one car funeral.
I put on my clown mask every Sunday and root for the Bengals.
Tee Higgins is going to be so good.
"Neutral fan, but that looked like pass interference on the Hail Mary. I know those never get called."
Trap Lou in a locker and don't ever let him out
Fuck Lou
Haha ok guys we can fire Lou now right?
"I was all for giving Zac Taylor time, still am as I think Lou needs to go first, But he is 1-12-1 in 8 point or less games. Time to move on next year if he isnt better. I love this team, but we only have a small window where Burrow is tied to us, we cant waste that with mediocre coaching."
I feel fucking sick
Oline played decent today with the injuries so you can’t tell me we had to stick with Hart thus far because there’s no one else
Burrow throws for over 400 yards and Lou Anarumo can't get his head out of his ass long enough to reward him with the win. I want Lou on a plane out of Cincinnati in the next 90 goddamn minutes.
"I get up at 4 am every Monday here in Australia to watch the bengals, if an early rise on a Monday morning isn't bad enough, the bengals sure do know how to make it worse!"
"Fuck Lou Anarumo.

I'm done until he's gone."
I just feel like we could benefit from firing our fucking incompetent assclown of a DC. Idk tho that’s just me
Watched the last 3 games for y’all and from what I saw Taylor called pretty damn good games and Burrow executed very well but it seems your defensive coordinator has to go. Really dropped the ball every game.
When u realize we got Tennessee next week
"ZT needs to step up and fire lou. He called a great game today, but you need to be accountable and fire the guy who lost us this game."
Whole coaching staff needs to go. Finishing games is your job.
This stopped being fun a long time ago
So sick of this team being completely embarrassed every week
You failed Bengals. What is it with you and failure?
I mean I'm happy looking at this for long term future considering burrow looked great and we still retain a high draft pick for now.
FIRE LOU FIRE LOU FIRE LOU FIRE LOU FIRE LOU FIRE LOU FIRE LOU FIRE LOU FIRE LOU FIRE LOU
How tf guys. For real....how tf does that happen. I dont get how a team can so consistently fuck up sure shots. Its amazing really.
What a miserable existence this is constantly rooting for a franchise that doesn’t give a literal shit about winning
Joe Burrow is gna have to say “we gave them too much time” in the presser... ffs defense
Pats fan here. Mad respect to Burrow. Wish him all the success in the world. Jealous of your qb.
Time to call Wade Phillips?
1-12-1 in close games. Good coaches don’t lose close games like this.
Immediately after Gio scored I was the Billie Joe Armstrong “1 fucking minute” rant.
"Classy tweet from Dunlap 🙄


https://twitter.com/carlos_dunlap/status/1320465550968053761?s=21"
Y’all realize we are never going to be a real team as long as we have this shit head office fuck this team
Entire staff needs to be fired. Another loss in a one-score game is absolutely unacceptable at this point
"I'm trying to give Zach a chance, but if he doesn't get rid of his staff this offseason and not pull in his buddies for his new job...Then he has to go."
"On top of this shit sandwich, it looks like the Steelers are super bowl contenders."
Cup half-full outlook: one step closer to Penei Sewell
Hire Wade Phillips now
Fire Lou Anaroumo into the fucking sun
"How the fuck do you give up a td there.  You know they’re taking a shot for the end zone,  that’s it.  No timeouts, fire his dumbass now"
Fire everyone.!
I wish our team was willing to make large-scale changes more often. I don't understand it.
Pain.
Did the browns even punt in the second half?
Lou needs to fucking go there is no fucking excuse for losing this game
Fire Zac. Lets not let this man get so entrenched he becomes the new marvin
That was an impressively bad way to lose.
"Bengals literally bet against themselves every game in Vegas, don't you guys know this?"
I’ll see you all next week for our weekly masochist meeting.
Nothing will change this year so get used to it.
i really don’t think there is a more difficult team to be a fan of
Can we just forfeit the rest of the games to get another good draft pick and keep Burrow healthy?
"Time to let Taylor join the 787,000 other unemployed Americans"
dissolve the franchise
.
Pain
Please give Burrow a hug.
AAAAAHHHHHHHH
Burn it all down
Lol. Classic bengals moment right there.
My expectations were low for the D but HOLY FUCK
"Pain.

That is all."
"I think we can all agree QB1 is a total stud. I hope we leave it up to JB what we do and where we go from here. The last thing I want is to see this kid lose his confidence, we should give him the keys so to speak and let him have his piece."
 *I'm* SO *pissed off*!
"Holy fuck this is insane, how is a rookie QB in his 7th game EVER being asked to keep us in these games bc our defense are soft little babies."
It’s just doesn’t get worse than this
FUCK LOU A MIDDLE SCHOOL FOOTBALL COACH CALLS BETTER DEFENSE
they keep finding ways to fail Joe :'(
Fire Lou (into the sun)
"The only saving grace from that dumpster was Burrow, Bernard and the WR. The rest can go fuck themselves with king kongs dong."
Fuck this hurts. I don’t know why I still care. They manage to reel me in every time. Even after fully expecting them to blow it the entire 4th quarter I’m still bummed.
[deleted]
"If our offense plays like that more often, that'd be great. Launch Lou to the moon and get Wade or something"
Joe is giving us everything and it's still not enough. The play calling by Zac was at least better. Lots of quick reads to beat the blitz.
If Cleveland would have gotten the ball in OT they would have won. If knowing this is a lost season they still disappoint
Who knew what a foreshadowing that Burrow face on game 1 would be
"PAIN. 

I can’t imagine how shitty Joe feels right now. Offense balled out. He deserves complimentary play from the defense. The future is insanely bright with Joe, but tomorrow doesn’t make today’s kick in the nuts any less painful. I’m actually devastated right now."
"SERIOUSLY, IS ZAC TAYLOR STILL IN TANK MODE?"
Guess this is another day where we better keep our mouths shut and just accept getting shit on
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined...
This wasn’t on Taylor. This is on Lou. Last week was on Lou. Week 2 was on Lou. We need a fresh guy there first. Zac Taylor called the plays we needed to win the game.
"It’s hard not to feel for Joe Burrow.
Those of us who have suffered through Mike Brown for 50 years, know that it doesn’t get better.

I’d just love to see him pull a Carson Palmer now, before it is too late.

He could have a great career somewhere else."
"Another one score loss by Taylor, when will the organization admit he’s the problem?"
Scoring 34 points and losing is unacceptable
"So many one score games lost. I no longer believe it's lack of talent, sure the O-line blows and the defense is meh. But the team itself is good enough to win these close games. The coaching is just so damn awful you'd almost think they were blowing these games on purpose. Fire this staff, bring in a promising unit that can grow with these guys. Burrow walks if the front office doesn't show they want to win at all cost. That's a fact. If something isn't working, and the same problems repeat themselves, make a fucking change! It's common sense, holy shit!"
Remember when we thought firing Marvin lewis would solve our problems?
"Burrow on any other team would set records in any category. But he’s on bengals
So he will set yards, completions while going 2-13-1"
I kind of want to be pissed at AJ there for not putting a better effort there. But whatever. Shouldn't have come to that
**PENEI SEWELL SWEEPSTAKES CONTINUES**
Sometimes I wish I was born in Boston or somewhere that I wouldn't be depressed every Sunday
"Zac loses another 1-score game. Make all the excuses you want, but this is fucking pathetic. Whether it’s him or Lou, someone needs to go."
"Yeah, it might make me a bad fan but I'm not wasting 4 hours every Sunday watching this team as long as Zac Taylor is here. 

He's just awful."
We must fire the HC and DC.   3-18-1.
Can we dump Zac Taylor and hire Kyle Chandler in character as Eric Taylor?
Zac and Lou NEED to go
"AJ Green loafing on the hail mary, not boxing out a dude 5 inches shorter than him."
"Browns fan here.

Burrow scares me and I don’t mean that in a “next year you will be spooky” or “you have something special” kind of way. Burrow scares me right now and I’m relieved we don’t have to play you again the rest of the year."
That's so Cincinnati...
Do the bearcats have better pass defense than the Bengals?
I can't take this shit every goddamn week like this. I'm getting older and my heart ain't what it used to be.
"The defense is embarrassing, but our offense actually looked really good"
It’s always the same it won’t fucking stop I’m so done with this franchise man
Guy we need to stand back and see how insanely repetative these outcomes are. I feel like we are so used to them we are numb. This shit just be staged. How how how how how does this keep happening ahhhhhhhhhhhh
HERE WE GO! ON TRACK FOR MORE TOP DRAFT TIERS! THE ONLY THING THIS TEAM CAN EARN!
I am so fuxking pissed I can't speak
Imma cry. This one hurts. I could sense the Indy collapse but this one hurts.
We’re the worst team in the league. Get my hopes up too much.
That really hurts. Just brutal
Bare minimum anarumo has to be fired
Getting steamrolled every week would feel better than this shit. Every game (minus the Ravens) has given me hope then crushed it into a million pieces.
I’ll be the optimist here. A few minor changes and I think we are right on the cusp of contender status.
Fire Zac Taylor
Fire everyone but Simmons. I’m so done. Burrow going to request a trade at this rate.
Lou-ser
"This game isn’t on ZT, not even close. Lou is a damn embarrassment. What a shambolic coach. He can go fuck himself and I don’t won’t him ever back on this team. He’s a loser, and has no spot in being a DC. Relegate him to a position coach, or just get him off the team. Fuck you lou, you consistently ruin these games because of your shitty play calls. Fuck you"
"I'll keep watching every week because I love Burrow, but I'm checked out on the team. Taylor needs to prove he's willing to cut dead weight assistants even if they are his guys."
I’d argue coaching has cost us 3 games now.
Zac should be pretty good at these postgame interviews by now considering he answers the same exact questions every week.
"I just started watching football 2 years ago. I live in Maryland, just a few hours south of baltimore. I could be a ravens fan but i decided to be a funny man and choose a different team.

Look where that fucking got me."
Fire Lou.
"Let me get this straight... We have the worst guard tandem in the league and then lose our LT, C and RT in the same game..?"
I feel bad for Joe. He doesn’t deserve to have to play with these losers :(
"With the injuries to the offensive line, ya gotta see the backups come in and playing respectably as a good step forward...   
on the other hand... we are getting absolutely zero pass rush from anybody on the D line. Embarrassing.   
Joe deserves better"
i like ZT on offense. just being real. several of the 4th down calls have been legit. the offense is clearly one of the best.   get this man a myles garret. SOMONE. on D. and if you say carlos dunlap gtfo.... he just looks to tip passes now and wear fly kicks
"If it makes you guys feel better, as a brand new fan to the sport this was at least a wild ride to watch.

But bear in mind if *I* can tell a defence is bad then holy shit, that ain't a good sign."
So glad I chose to go to this game
Who is ready for the draft?
One has to admire our ability to blow games
got any of those mock drafts
"Fuck the people who are happy that we lost because they have some fabricated reality that we just need a singular lineman at a high pick to be good, tanking has literally never fucking worked in the nfl fuck you"
Burn it all down. No more excuses. Burrow throwing for 406 with four total touchdowns should be a win. There's no way that taking the lead with one minute left is a loss. Lou needs to go. Zac needs to go too if he hesitates on that. It's too much of a pattern.
The bengals are exactly what the doctors order for Baker every time he gets beaten down by the other AFC North teams...
Zac Taylor called a good game. This loss isn't on him.
"Posted it in the game thread, but this team should be 5-2.  That's not even an exaggeration.  Taylor and his collection of discount bin assistants are awful.  Not one good thing about them.  Not a sliver of hope.  Just the anger and frustration knowing that this team was good enough to win but for our coaches."
"Might be an unpopular opinion but Zac called a great offensive game today, Lou and Turner need gone ASAP though.

EDIT: What about my comment is wrong? Their offense rocked today..."
Green straight up didn't give a shit to try and catch that
If the bengals don’t make coaching changes they need to just trade Joe Burrow. If he pulls a Carson I won’t care and will cheer him on.
"GG boys GGs. Yall got a franchise quarterback in Joe Burrow, shore up that defense and watch the ring come."
Whatever keep letting Joe play like a damn savage and get a high draft pick.
"Cut Darius Phillips I beg
Oh and fire fuckin Lou Anarumo"
"This year other than the ravens game can be blamed 90% on the defense. 

Burrow looks good, and winning doesn’t help a team who needs to draft high to draft good players so I guess seeing burrow ball out is the only wins we will get this year lol

Silver lining *PAIN*"
"Literally pasting my comment from last week:

Fire Taylor and his entire wretched coaching staff. I refuse to attribute anything good about this game to him. It was all Burrow I’m so mad rn and probaly wrong about this but I’m PISSED 

(Except for Darrin Simmons that sweet prince ought to be crowned)"
So which hole do we fill in the draft in the top 5
I miss Marvin.
"It's consistently embarrassing week after week. I legitimately hate our defense. Players, coaches all need to go. Dont give me that ""We have the talent"" shit. No. We don't. Fire everybody. This was pathetic."
"Everybody says fire Lou. But not zac... zac is the damn head coach. He obviously feels confident in their defensive game plan weekend after weekend. 
Isn’t zac the one who is suppose to fire Lou... but that’s his buddy so why would he do that?
I think that’s why we need a new HC. He’s Comfortable with That. He’s fin with a shitty OLine. He’s fine with being 1-12-1 in games decided by 8points or less. 
Zac would make a good OC. But he can’t lead men. There is no respect."
LMAOOOOOOOOOO
"So yeah, this coaching staff is terrible.  Not exactly a revelation or anything.  Oh well, Burrow looked really good again.  Some draft picks and a new coaching staff might turn this team into a winner next year."
Lmao at all of you hating on Zac Taylor. Him and Burrow had the team moving down the field all game. This loss isn't on him or the offense.
No biggie. Better draft pick and can fire Taylor
The Defense is so bad Baker Pile of shit Mayfield looked like Joe Montana in his prime. They need a Defense coordinator that has had a legit run and knows how to build and coach a Defense.  Tired of losing late leads almost immediately after we get a lead. We score to take the lead and the Defense dissapears. Unexceptable!!
Lou is not the main problem. Firing him wont do anything. It starts at the top with Zac.
If you don’t like that you don’t like Bengals football!
"The mere fact that Mayfield's sorry ass started 0-5 and finished with a perfect 22/22 (not counting the spike) is completely unacceptable. That should get you fired immediately. 

What is up with freaking Green not going for the hail mary.

Edit: how did phillips not intercept that ball? Absolutely sorry."
"Put this whole squad in jail and throw away the key!  And than pardon Joe Burrows.  

Throw em in jail!!!"
I’m not even in pain. I was 100% expecting that.
I can’t stop shaking I’m so mad.
At least fire Anarumo at the MINIMUM!
FUCKING BULLSHIT
Omg enough is enough fire the coaching staff Jesus
Who was Dunlop yelling at on the sideline.
Someone hold me...
Please waste Darius Phillips talent it just lost us a game
Within 24 hours I saw FCC and the bengals collapse. Halp
The emotional roller coaster of each game making me think we are going to win only to lose is a horrible fashion are starting to take a toll on me
S E W E L L
If the team truly cares they will trade or release Dunlap by the end of the week. They will also fire Lou.
Pain
"For the second week in a row, I predicted we would blow the game. I knew that defense would not hold up. 

It makes me so angry the Bengals could be 6-1 if a handful of plays went different for every game of this season. 

Oh well, let's look this season as a Joe Burrow for Rookie of the Year campaign."
I couldn’t watch the game but know we lost -  I just watched the highlights and it’s even more painful seeing them score the TD with a minute left in the 4th! Ugh :(
"well, Burrow is gonna be top 5 next year.... isnt it good we are losing? the only potential bad thing would be if they shit canned the coaching staff for a worse one."
I think we need to sell out for offense this off-season. The draft should be nothing but oline and trading up for picks for more oline. Find some receivers in free agency and trades. Worry about the defence in 22.
"This team is cursed. Even with countless missed assignments on defense that left receivers wide open, the team still had the lead with seconds left. Then we lose because the Browns get miraculous highlight-reel catches back to back to back to back. I've never seen so many unbelievable catches in that short of a timeframe.

It's gotta be a curse."
Keep your heads up boys. We have a legit offense now. Our defense just needs to step it up
Spain but the S is silent
Can I jump ship now ?
iM goInG To kEEp giVInG tHIs tEAM mY mOnEY
If ZT is the head coach next year I’m lighting myself on fire outside of the stadium.  Do what we should’ve done two years ago and hire Bienemy this offseason.
Burrow needs to go. He deserves to play for a team that will be committed to building around him and not willingly sabotaging a franchise.
WHO DEY! LOL
"Got downvoted and argued with about the 4th down field goal, when we should have went for the TD. This game would be in OT right now if we went for it"
Darius Phillips plays like garbage 2 weeks in a row after mouthing off.
God we should be 5-2. Horrible coaching has fucked us so hard
I gotta say it’s actually nice knowing the pressure isn’t on for Burrow to make the playoffs this year. We really get to sit back and enjoy his talent this year.
Browns fan here- man I wish Joe went to a different team he is so good already and will get better and better.The browns D on the Hail Mary should be an example of exactly what not to do.
Let’s duckkkkkkkign GOOOOOOOO BENGALS FUCKING TRASH LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"You can blame coaching all day, and the coaching definitely sucks. But that last drive was on the players. They simply couldn’t keep up with the goddamn Hail Marys. Sad"
#TANK FOR TREVOR
"I'll pay someone to go kill Lou, and then come put me out of my misery."
[deleted]
The Bengals make me want to throw myself off a bridge. I hope another city makes Mike Brown an offer he can’t refuse and he moves the team so then I never have to root for them again and I can spend my Sundays doing something more enjoyable like practicing putting in my own catheter.
I love them so much that's why it hurts so bad 😂😂
I just wish Mike Brown would sell or hire more competent people and just sit back and let them do their jobs
I don’t feel the pain anymore. I almost have a strange appreciation for their creative ways to lose. It’s almost an art form at this point.
We are literally a year away from being an elite team and its just because of how good burrow is. We will be the green bay packers if we dont fix our team. A lot of success and maybe even a super bowl but mostly remembered for year after year letting down a generational qb talent.
I keep telling myself that seasons like this will make that elusive SB win feel so much better. But I have more reason to believe I’ll be dead long before they even sniff a SB
Lmao at the *fact* tag
How do you hang yourself with a belt?  I get the buckle part makes the noose but the leather strap is kinda hard to tie in a knot to something.  Asking for a friend...
They couldn’t fill 12000 available seats yesterday.  It’s pretty telling how fed up the fans are with this organization.
"I gotta tell ya, as someone who was old enough to be a full fan (not a child) through the 90s, this is nothing.   I thought the game was pretty fun, but I'm disappointed in the outcome obviously."
Jump. Bye.
Don't let the doorknob hit ya.
"As a bengals fan since childhood being born and raised in Hamilton Ohio I have always loved the bengals but it is just so damn hard to continue to root for a team that just continuously lets us down and makes bad decisions and loses whether we get outplayed or get unnecessary penalties at the end of the game to let the other team score. This is just too damn much. It’s always one thing after another. We blow a season get first round and get a VERY good quarterback but guess what, we have absolutely no O line and everyone gets hurt our defense is just hot garbage and not to mention the DC is terrible. Where is the hope. Sorry for the rant I just had to vent here"
Another thing to mention our coaching staff is so bad we just called a timeout on defense with a dead ball and clock stopped already....
"Same game for the last 30 years.  
  
Q1/2: Bengals do pretty good, put some points on the board.  
  
Halftime: Other team strategizes and make adjustments to their game plan. Bengals do ?????

Q3/early Q4: The other team's adjustments work and they take the lead.

Mid-Late Q4: Bengals get close but can't quite get the job done and lose."
[removed]
[deleted]
Yes fuck Anarumo
You could literal pick plays by throwing a dart at the play sheet and not be this bad. What a fucking dipshit but he’s ZT’s little butt buddy so nothing will change until you clean house
Bring in Dan Quinn fr fr
Dude I'm borderline about to just give up on this franchise for good. 2015 already emotionally destroyed my love for this team. The endless incompetence has completely made football not fun for me. I want to be entertained watching football on Sunday and this team just isn't ever going to do it. I might just support no one and check out the top match ups each day.
what do you mean by boycott? not go to the games?
"Lol. I mean, go for it, but it’s not gonna matter."
Who would we get? We only ended up with Anarumo bc everyone else turned the job down! And it doesn't look any more appealing now...
I don’t even feel the pain anymore. #JustBengalsThings
JFC dude it’s just a game don’t do it
Lou already ruined our defense and any hope of a win don’t let him ruin your butthole too
There’s people you can talk to out there at no charge. Please don’t jump to such a careless decision like this
I'll match you and eat a Gorito
RIP to this man's toilet and family
So brave
"I really wish he’d get fired, but I doubt they will fire him. Burrow put up over 400 yards, completed 75% of his passes and threw 3tds on only 1 int. He even rushed for a td. That’s a great day for anybody in the NFL. And our defense blew it. The players on defense aren’t the issue, you can tell cuz they held Indy and Cleveland to nothing for the first quarter of those games. But as soon as the other teams figured out our defense they turned into doormats. That’s on the coaching. 

If there is a god and he doesn’t hate us, maybe we’ll fire him over the by week after we play Tennessee next week. Give sometime to look around and find somebody or just settle in with our next man up DC. But I doubt Mike Brown would ever do something so reasonable"
"I prefer Gold star, but neither of them are different enough for this debate to matter."
Born and raised in NKY. Are there better options to Gold Star? Skyline is complete poop and Dixie Chili is too watery. There are other options?
"He probably will be, simply because our bye week comes after the Tennessee game

So my condolences for your digestive tract"
F
Enjoy your 5way friend!
Please god no!
Can someone send this to the team FO? We have to get this man some help!
"Let me just say, as an outsider, it's odd to me how much you all clearly hate Lou Anarumo, but also hate Carlos Dunlop for feeling the same way."
[deleted]
"Beore he leaves the stadium today, he needs to clean out his office."
I hope he does!!
Dewey disappointed meme
[removed]
That was a great game called by Zach actually Lou just fucking blew it
At what point do you hold the D staff accountable for not putting pressure on a QB with busted ribs? Absolutely ridiculous that he was allowed to stand back and throw at will for 3 qtrs.
"The losses other than Baltimore were completely on the defense.  The Baltimore game was proof that we aren't going to match up against serious contenders. So let's just take that game out. If we disregard the abomination of a game that was Baltimore, the Bengals are scoring an average of 27 points per game. 27...and we only won 1 out of those 6 games (remember we're taking the Baltimore game out of this just for shits and giggles). 

Zac needs to man the fuck up and keep the defense accountable. If Anarumo and his shitty, soft-zone-playing,   no-pass-rush, amateurish defense don't step it up to at least acceptable levels by next week, fire that motherfucker. And if Zac won't do that, than fire his ass too...for the most part the offense has been doing their part, minus that Baltimore game...

But seriously, fuck Lou and this defense...


Sorry for the language y'all."
I'm sorry we keep doing this to you Joe.
"I am so, so sorry"
"I feel bad for him every week, we’re sorry Joe"
please don’t leave we will build you a statue
sorry burrow you got stuck with this absolute dumpster fire for a team
"Also, those one or two ""Bengals fans"" that for some reason like to shit on him when he makes the occasional rookie mistake, you fuckers apologize too."
Sorry Joe.
I am sorry Joe.  You deserve better.
"We don't blame you, Joe. We just wish they could do better so you can succeed and take us at least to a playoff win."
Now I’m sorry!! Please don’t demand a trade
Sowwy papa joe :3
Who wants to come with me to give Joe a hug?
"Every week this kid is such a competitor. Every week this staff finds a new way to lose games. 

Is there a single bengals fan that didn’t look at that clock after the touchdown and panic? 

It’s laughable at this point."
Sorry Joe
"Joe, we're all so sorry, you deserve better and I hope that you get it one day here. We love you and the city is behind you, please give us a chance to get it fixed."
You deserve so much better Joe. I’m genuinely sorry king.
Your a fucking god Burrow baby
I'm really sorry Joe. Is there anyway I can make it up to you?
I'm so very sorry joe
Sorry Joe. I'm not sure what you or I did to deserve this shit.
"Sorry, Joe. Please never leave."
I hope every defensive player on this team apologized to this man! Only the bengals can snatch a loss from the jaws of victory!!😭
"Man completed 75% of his passes today for over 400 yards, 3 TDs and 1 INT. Lead the team to 34 points. And we lost. That’s awful and I’m sorry he’s quietly one of the best rookie QBs ever because our defense can’t do their part"
"no shit, this should be a weekly thread for this season (so far)."
"Baby Burreaux, I'm sorry they did this to you!!! We gave you to tigers because you did so well as one and look at what they did to you!!! You are and will continue to be great."
"Joe, I am sorry."
"I am so sorry, Joe. We don't deserve you."
sorry joe
"If Peyton Manning and Tom Brady had a baby, it would be you. You’re the man and I’m sorry."
He should get the max extension right now for the shit he deals with on this team
"Lets do one of those mash-up videos like the celebrities did to apologize for their white privilege.   ""Joe, I am SO sorry...."""
"You could tell when he ran for those 1st downs himself that he was getting frustrated with false starts and just ineptness that he said, 'fuck it i'll do it myself' and just ran."
[deleted]
Lmao this is just sad
"I look at it this way. His play shows us we have our guy. He’s got the rights stuff and we have a great young supporting cast w mixon, t baby, boyd and potentially Thomas. This shitty late game play will allow us to draft either a top O linemen or a top pass rusher."
Its not us. Its the Brown family.
I’m sorry Joe.
Is this going to become a weekly thread?
Im sorry the team is so bad for you  But hey Joe just take the fact that you are doing good on such a shitty team as a good thing.  That way when your contract is up you can demand good money from you next team.
I have nothing to apologize to him about. Maybe he can call up Dunlap or the secondary.
Shut up man. He’s the number one pick. He went to a shitty team. That’s how it goes.
"In fairness, Steven A Smith told him publicly not to come here.
He told him this is what would happen.
Burrow should have demanded a trade or sat out a year.

His agent did him a disservice."
"You know what? I won't apologize. If I'm making first overall pick money, I don't give a shit if I ever win a game in my career."
Pain.
Lou is just bad
all according to plan
There’s someone in Class of 2042 that’s a generational talent. Can’t pass him up. Ofc we gonna tank for him!
Some fans still think it’s on purpose
"Yep, right on plan."
"Yes, yes we are"
Tanking doesn’t work
[removed]
[deleted]
"I see a handful of you out there saying we shouldnt get rid of him. What are your arguments for keeping Zac?

27th in offensive DVOA and 30th in offensive yards per play isn't good.

Edit: The only arguments are that he had one good game against a low testosterone Browns defense and that he scored 30 pts in a few games this year. Which completely overlooks the fact that we are near last in DVOA, EPA, and yards per play."
"This game isn’t in Zac. Offense looked great and he called some great plays at the goal line at the end.

However the entire D staff should be. And if this hasn’t changed in a year, yeah Taylor should go"
He’s called multiple 30 plus point games this year and still lost
I actually like ZT. I would like to see him fire Lou and Turner then see if their replacements can help them be successful. Then if they still can’t win I think it’s fair to give Zac the boot
"This one wasn’t on ZT. Honestly a lot of these aren’t on ZT. Week 1 against the Charger, he set them up to tie that game. Not ZT fault that the FG was missed. Week 2 his offense got us 30 points against the Browns which should be enough to win the game but DEFENSE gave up 35. Week 3 was questionable but still put up 23 points. Week 4 we put up 33 and got the win against the Jags. Week 5, it’s the Ravens and our line is trash. Week 6, we had a huge lead and our DEFENSE gave that up. This week we put 34 up and our DEFENSE gives it up. It’s not ZT it’s our defensive coordinator. I put a lot of blame on Zac but honestly he’s called really great games."
Because somehow he got us to 34 points with our terrible o-line losing uhhhh literally everybody and then Lou was like HOW BOUT WE LOSE
"I've been the biggest Zac basher for a little while now. If the offense looks like that, im willing to have some patience with him. However, like others have said, the defense staff has got to go"
Its weird because everyone gets pumped over our points scored. But it’s like they aren’t even watching the other teams compete. The whole league average points scored jumped up(I don’t know the exact #) but EVERYONE has been able to score during the covid season.
He was great today
If ZT doesn’t get at least 2 more wins this year I want him gone. But for the most part these losses are to blame on Lou and the other staff
Eric Bieniemy is the reason to fire ZT former bengals player and he worked under Andy Reid. The last time I checked kc is the defending Champs.
"im the only one here after burrow getting his knew torn apart? Zack Shula has to go.we would have seen some flashed of coaching ability by now and hes shown us nothing.  soooo many close games can no longer plausibly be chalked up to ""bad luck""-its coaching decisions. Bengals have more contested catches by far then any other team in the league""-hear that every game. let me finish the statement, which they never do...they have the most contested catches because they cant create matchups, read defenses or create schemes to get open WR's,instead Burrow has to throw a near perfect ball to a covered receiver...the fact that they thought the O line was ""good to go"" tells me they couldn't evaluate the personal correctly. drafting Higgins was a mistake,not because hes bad,but  with the stud stable of WR we already had. Boyd and Tate already had it held down and AJ was coming back. recall, Taylor wasnt coming into a rebuild...he lost so many games that all of a sudden the opportunity to replace dalton with a young stud fell in our laps, it wasn't by design. i could go on for 5 more paragraphs why this guy is Dave Shula, but if i haven't said enough by now then forget it."
ZAC SHULA MUST GO
"ZAC TAYLOR IS ON PACE TO SMASH DAVE SHULA'S RECORD OF FASTEST COACH TO 50 LOSSES. AT THIS POINT SHULA HAD 8 WINS AND NO STUD HEISMAN QB. IF TAYLOR HADNT WON AT TITANS, HE WOULD HAVE BEEN THE WORST COACH IN NFL HISTORY, SNATCHING THE DUBIOUS HONOR FROM 2 70'S ERA BUC TEAMS(3-23). hes a failure and it never should have happened. can him."
I see a lot of talk about how good he is at offense. Buddy that doesn’t cut it you NEED defense too. Ole zacs half a coach quit defending him.
"Zac has drafted well, went after talent in free agency, plays rookies, and has us improving. Another good off-season and we can be set. If we aren't competing next year than that's his last. We knew this was a multiple year re build."
"He got to hire whoever he wanted, he hired all friends and family and they stink, if he isn’t willing to make changes then clean house. Seems his draft picks have been good given burrow was a cant miss but Higgins is legit, Logan Wilson looks the part but then again I can name 3 in 14 picks"
It looked like he was trying to fight someone. Anyone get a better look at it or did they mention it on the broadcast?
All they said was that things might have boiled over.
"When?

I can still rewind on the DVR?"
Honestly more fight than the d has shown most of the year. All the players brought in in the off season and a DC that can't do anything with them.
Was Dunlap in on the final throw to Peoples-Jones?  Or was he in that last drive at all?
With the defense coach
Good. He's had enough with this team's bullshit. Dude's been here since Chad Johnson and has been nothing but positive and philanthropic to the city and also a great role model and a great influence to the public and children. This dude has been with us so long I've never heard him say a negative comment so it must have got bad for him to come out of character. After your All-Star putting on a smile for your face for a decade plus I get it eventually gets to you.
""
""
[deleted]
You wouldn't be invited to my house.
Not worth my time.
See you next week!
You know you can’t stay away. We are glutens for punishment. See ya soon!
"Then why announce it? Just leave, Mary."
Lol you think you can just leave? You’re in this for life my friend. You can’t back out.
Oh no! Your presence will be sorely missed guy-I've-never-seen-post-on-this-sub-before.  Please reconsider!
Only way out is in a box
Don't let the door hit you in the ass
[deleted]
""
"Honestly, he had a sick pick, and his coverage wasn’t bad on either of those last two catches. IMO, those last two catches were just really freaking good"
He got embarrassed the last 2 plays fr fr
"Wait...

Did he reply to his own tweet?"
Darius Phillips fucking sucks. His ass got carried by Mackensie Alexander and WJ3. He needs to stfu
Aren't these tweets from several weeks ago?
[removed]
Carlos I’m with you fuck him. I will not tolerate aj slander. Ward made a good play on the ball in the end zone. It happens didn’t mean he didn’t want it more fuck that
"Tf you on about?

AJ has played great last week and especially this week."
Nah AJ has turned it around the last few weeks. Ball wasn’t anywhere near him til it got tipped and the db was between him and the ball. Guys had some great catches the last couple weeks
"I’m going to chalk up the AJ talk to you (and all of us) being emotional/frustrated. 

Get rid of Carlos yesterday."
Shut the hell up with the AJ slander. He’s looked terrific the last two weeks.
Yeah Dunlap gotta go
[deleted]
""
Hard to believe there’s that many teams that have managed to fuck up more than us
"Fucking Pederson being a chickenshit. It's one thing to tie on a missed FG, but he played for the tie and it pisses me off so much."
Currently rooting for Chargers and Jags to tie.
I don’t even care about the draft pick rn. I just care about the employment status of this coaching staff. Hoping now for a lot more losses that result in a lot more cardboard boxes being packed
So many bad teams this year. Damn!
thats why i hated that fucking tie. its not a dub and it fucks our draft position up
"I knew the NFC East was a shitshow but never realized there’s so many other shit teams.

Dream would be Vikings firing Zimmer and we get him back as DC."
...we were the Chargers’ only win?
Jesus! Teams worse than us? Hard to believe!!
We still have to play 4 teams on this list. Two of them have 2 wins and 2 have only 1.
Tie hurts lol
funny that there’s a division leader in this picture
That missed xp at the end probably resulted in a few broken TVs.
First match up was CLE -6 and we scored late to ruin that too
"Well, it seems that all we have to cheer about is breaking up the lines and passing off betting Opposing fans!"
Should definitely makes SVP bad beats
"Maybe we can just convince these two to coach both the Bearcats and the Bengals, I’d rather have them at half capacity than this bunch of fuckwits"
Don't put that evil on BDF...more Bengals fans should abandon ship and join the Bearcat hype train.
"I was thinking as I watched the Bearcats shut down SMU’s offense and our O score and score and score that wouldn’t it be nice if the Bengals found coaches like that! But don’t destroy the Bearcats good thing by taking Luke and Marcus!!

It’s funny, after every Bengals game my wife says, “Hey, at least you have the Bearcats!”"
""
Ffs. This has got out of hand. Just sounds pathetic at this point.
Saw the bench once and straight up quit. Fuck that shit.
"As much of a fan of Dunlap I am, he complains way too much and doesnt deliver.   
**If you're gonna complain on social media about how you are being moved down in the lineup and why you should be at the top, SHOW US WHY YOU SHOULD BE AT THE TOP IN THE GAME.**"
What a fucking dickhead. If we were the Patriots he'd be cut as soon as he hit send on this.
Another day with zero production from our outspoken and overpaid vet Dunlap. Good riddance. Loved him but he’s handled all this like the biggest baby.
What a child.
Good.
"Maybe just me, but considering how pissed AJ seemed to be at the beginning of this year and now Dunlap’s behavior this season, this is maybe just projecting but I don’t think it looks good on the coaching staff considering how high character these two have been up until this season"
"He has 1 sack all year and has a worse PFF grade than Bobby Hart, but apparently the Bengals are monsters for putting him on the bench."
Luego
"My list goes down as a simple:  
*\*insert random coach here*  
*\*insert another random coach here\**  
**Lou Anarumo**  
**Possibly Jim Turner, however he had 3 O-line out.**

Zac Taylor's list goes down as:  
""We didnt play a winning game today, no one should be fired.""  
""We didnt close out that game, we will get them next week""  
""We need to play better on defense, we will do it next week""  


Like Zac, when is that ""next week"" gonna actually happen? You are 3-19-1 in less than 2 years and every week you say ""We'll get em next week"" and we havent had that happen since the Jags."
Nobody. Mike Brown doesn’t care at all lol.
"We fired Zampese in the middle of the season. So I could see maybe Lou getting fired midseason. Don’t think it will happen, but at least there’s some history of coordinators getting fired"
wait wait it all makes sense now... 3-19-1 DONT YOU FOOLS SEE? HE WAS GOING FOR 4-20 THE WHOLE TIME AND ONCE WE REACH THAT THRESHOLD WE WILL NEVER LOSE AGAIN THE PROPHECY HAS BEEN FORETOLD
I’m all for Lou getting canned but who’s gonna take his spot?
Mike Brown
""
This guy is a bitch
""
[removed]
Better get to the doc ASAP before it burns when you pee!
[removed]
[deleted]
"Dunlap has handled everything poorly.

Having said that, it must be frustrating as hell watching a DC call a game that makes no sense from start to finish when you've played under some pretty good defensive coaches during your career. 

My guess is they'll both be gone by tomorrow morning."
""
"Joe and Tyler the real ones, willing to die, criminally underrated, for our sorry franchise"
I'm so glad Boyd and Mixon are the real Dawgs. Carlos looking like a chump right now
"Trade disgruntled vets for draft capital

Rebuild offensive and defensive lines

Prioritize rebuilding offensive line so Joe Burrow doesn't turn into Andrew Luck 2.0

Thanks."
"I’ll be honest, I don’t know what any of this means lol"
God bless our offense.  Fucking killing it every week minus the ravens game.  Even the o line did well today
Lmaoo we so dysfunctional
Is he trying to sell his own spot?
Washed up and a cancer to the locker room. Get him off the team tonight. He deleted Boyd’s comment 😭
"This is such a shit look for Dunlap. The tweets, the shit fit on the sidelines... He looks like a millionaire man-child."
Dunlap had character issues at Florida. Now they're coming out 10 years later.
Fucking love Tyler
Good don't wanna be here GTFO. He couldn't get past a pop warner OL.
Cut the cancer out
Love that the whole team isn’t just blindly backing him because he’s one of the boys. Such an immature act. Makes me like the other guys that much more. Get rid of Dunlap and get some lime help. If the defense is gonna give up 40 a game Joey can just put up 45.
Carlos isn’t being a good teammate or professional athlete rn. He’s being a diva. He’s distracting from the game and causing a disruption. A good pro athlete would work harder to earn his spot back and prove he deserves to be on the field. But instead he’s just gonna go bitch and moan on social media. Be a big boy and earn your starting spot back if you actually deserve it
That tells you all you need to know about how things are viewed in the locker room.
Mike Brown owns the Bengals....we will ALWAYS BE TERRIBLE...how does not one get or see this?!
Can someone explain this in English?
Please fucking keep him in the division somehow so that he can be crack blocked twice a year.
[Source](https://twitter.com/_DunnDeal/status/1320463154518872064?s=19)
"Dunlap has handled everything poorly.

Having said that, it must be frustrating as hell watching a DC call a game that makes no sense from start to finish when you've played under some pretty good defensive coaches during your career.

My guess is they'll both be gone by tomorrow morning."
19 straight completions and 1-12-1 record in one score games.  How some of these coaches have jobs is beyond me
He’s a child
"So zac is arguing with the Dline coach? Backing Dunlap??
AND I KNOW EVERYONE HATES DUNLAP... but can you blame him? He wants to win. He wants to contribute and he’s getting benched for development and future interest. It sucks. It’s fucked up. Dunlap isn’t going about it the correct way. But it’s clear the coaches don’t have good communication when it comes to their players."
Just saw that.   That's actually speechless but not surprising with this organization.
[removed]
They were on vacation in Paris last year during the trade deadline. No they do not care.
[deleted]
[deleted]
We are stuck with Katie and Troy.
This is a pointless post. It goes to Troy and Katie.
Pretty sure his daughter and her fuckwit husband are basically running the show right now. You don't have to squint to not be able to tell though.
""
Y'know I'd just like to thank the football gods for somehow keeping our o-line from playing any worse than usual even though literally 80% of them left the game- though maybe that just means our starters are straight up no better than our C-team
Herbert was 3 yards short of doing this too. Crazy. Burrow is still better.
I love this man and I'm so sad our sorry ass d couldnt hold for 60 seconds to get him the win.
"I’d have to think that the list of rookie QBs with a 400 yard passing game under their belt is pretty short too. Honestly, whole offense was fun to watch. Gio stepped up and the play calling did a good job avoiding issues resulting from having Jonah and Hopkins out. I get it sucks to lose, but I’m super happy with this game"
Justin Herbert: Challenge Accepted!
And Lou Armadillo cost him that game 🤡
Imagine him with just an average O-line and average defense.
"The first QB to take 3000 steps, hop on one foot twice and yell his own name three times in one game.

Some of these stats are starting to sound a bit forced."
"Cinci getting Burrow is like if I take that Ruth's Chris gift card my folks gave me, get a beautiful filet mignon and then proceed to ask for it burnt to a cinder, covered in ketchup, and also dragged around the kitchen floor before serving."
Just sad. Ruin your legacy. Fuck him. Whiney as fuck.
Karen Dunlap
Yea and margus hunt deserved the start over him. /s
Dunlap wants to help more but dumb lou is too stupid .I would release or trade him but he can be moved inside to tackle.
Would they do it tonight? Or do we have to wait until tomorrow you think?
We'll never know because I doubt they'll ever fire him..
Probably about four to six years.
"""maybe next week"" smh"
"If there are any changes then they will probably be during the bye week. The Titans will probably steamroll us, so hopefully after that match"
"If they’ll fire him at all before the season ends it’ll probably be during the by week after Tennessee. That way we’d have an extra week to settle in with Lou’s replacement. 

While Mike Brown actually do this? Lol I think we already know that answer"
No one is getting fired...ever.
They have 24 hours.
Wilson and adg need to play more. Pratt and bynes seem useless in passing situations. Hard to stop anyone when you have absolutely no pass rush.
i feel like tomorrow morning they’ll announce he’s been fired.
"Zac Taylor will finish this year 3-12-1. He will get fired. We will bring in a coach that's actually innovative offensively (Arthur Smith, Joe Brady, Kellen Moore) and we will be back in the playoffs next year. I guarantee it."
ZT won’t get fired. will finish out his 3 year contract
[deleted]
You’ll get more karma for shitting on Lou today. Nobody isn’t mad at ZT this time
"This is as bad as it gets . You have no idea how deep in the shit we are . Zac is HEAD COACH he has failed at the many aspects of that job .  Even the idiots in the front office see this , he'll have to be replaced so someone else can come in to clean up this mess before the franchise sinks deeper ."
[deleted]
I think the defensive coaches are terrible and Dunlap is acting like a baby. Both are embarrassing.
✌🏻 see yea bro
"It's time for the team to move on, he's becoming a cancer"
"I love Carlos and am thankful for everything he’s done for this franchise. He’s obviously not happy with his position with the team. I hope that he can go the AJ route and bounce back with the team, but at the end of the day you can’t have veterans with the attitude he’s been showing. If he doesn’t want to be here then trade him if you can, even if it’s not for much. But you can’t let his unhappiness spread through the locker room. When guys like Tyler Boyd are calling him out, you know it’s time to cut ties. There’s obviously a reason his teammates did not vote him a team captain this season."
Fuck em
Really disappointed that this is how he acts. Total lack of professionalism.
If he didn’t just play his last game as a Bengal I’ll be stunned
"It’s very similar to Carson Palmer, but different too. He seems unhappy with his play time and role with the team. Although I can’t blame him, this team seems to do everything it can to lose each week, I can’t say he’s handling it well. Publicly airing your grievances against coaches, teammates and management doesn’t make you look good. Either way, I wish him the best and hope we can get something for a trade"
This is nothing like the Palmer situation. Dunlap got benched (because he sucks) and he’s acting like a baby.
Let him go. I wish he was less vocal about it but if he wants out and we aren't playing him then why keep him.
I think he is gone during the bye.
He’s a baby and a cancer to the locker room. One thing that’s very telling is he doesn’t have other players support through the whining. You’ve seen people basically tell him do something on the field if u wanna fun ur mouth. He sucks. He’s past his prime he is outplayed and can’t handle it
If Marvin Lewis was still HC then Dunlap would still be starting in spite of his terrible play.
Misses Marvin
He’s a bitch and I used to love him.
"I don't think there's anything going on behind closed doors that people don't know about. Dunlap is incredibly unhappy about his playing time and I think it's probably for good reason.

Let's consider last season, the Bengals D line was effectively the only good thing about the defense, they lacked depth, and Dunlap and Atkins were the only experienced lineman in the group. Hubbard came on later in the year but plays more of a three four linebacker than a 4-3 defensive end which is a problem because the Bengals run a for three defense. Also if you consider Dunlap and Atkins snap counts last year Dunlap was the top on the defense. He would be gassed by the end of the fourth quarter because that defense could not get off the field, so his performances in crunch time looked worse than what they were. 

So their solution this year was to add depth and to use Dunlap in situations where he is supposedly most effective, ie as a pass rusher.  The problem with that is that teams are still able to run all over us because we only saw one game where Atkins and reader were able to play next to each other, Daniel's has kept getting injured, and one of dunlap's best abilities is to set the edge on the run game.  

Athletically he is the same player.  But he's been relegated to a role player because they think he cannot go 85%+ snaps.  Now's he's getting 10% of the snaps because teams don't get to third and long against us.  

Did he have a bad game today? Yes but that's mostly the coaching.  The penalty isn't so much his fault I think that guard jumped before dunlap but they just called it against him.  He has a right to be upset but he's going the wrong way of showing it. he can still chase down RBs, the biggest problem last year was he had to do it too often bc the rest of the defense sucked.  He's the scapegoat."
Zac needs to deal with it. Now.
"Just trade him, he's a drama lama not producing on the field"
Release that man he got 1 or 2 years left your coaching staff should have that figured out . All you have to do is promote someone from the practice squad and part ways.
"Saddest part of the season yet. If he had been productive before his fit, most of us would have his back. But performing poorly and going on a public bitchfest about your employer is the sort of drama you only hear about from sports."
Bitch gotta go.
""
"First person from the defense to call him out, i like this guy a bit more"
"Good, it makes me feel better if the team isn’t scared to call him out"
Pratt making the fanbase like him a lot more lol
"Thank you! It would be one thing if Dunlap was playing great but being benched. But he’s not. He’s causing penalties at the worst times, he’s getting zero tackles. He doesn’t care. His attitude is exactly what ZT wants out of the locker room"
"I mean Dunlap HAS to be released or traded by mid week, right? This can't continue to go on..."
"Covington looking more impressive than Dunlap this season. Seriously how is this backup DT getting better penetration than our ""star"" DE? Almost every good run stop this week had Covington busting through. If only one of our starters was stepping it up like that. 

Dunlap used to be one of my favourites, but now I hope he gets traded"
I feel so bad because I love Dunlap :( it sucks to see stuff like this unfold
"Guys, real talk here- don't you think that's what carlos is attempting to make happen
?"
Hopefully the team fines Dunlap before they trade him for a bag of cheetos to feed Billy Price.
He could also be talking about Phillips who gave up the game winning td
This aged well
Pratt gave up a Td because he was out of position look in the mirror kiddo
I'm not even mad at Dunlap. The team is so freaking bad under Taylor that I wouldn't want to be part of that either.
[deleted]
You’re like 2 hours late
"Cant say I blame him he wants out and they are asking to much in return from
Other teams"
""
Miss big whit
"“I have two contracts in my life, one with my wife and one to protect Andy Dalton.”"
I'll never fully get over this team letting Whit go.
Big Whit is my all time favorite Bengal. We should have never let him walk.
Today’s awful hit on Dalton reminded me of this moment where his teammates actually stood up for him. I really miss big Whit.
Morale at an all time low and you're out here tryna make everybody cry from nostalgia. Damn I miss Big Whit.
What a stud 😭disappointed not one cowboy stood up for Dalton and leveled Bostic
"I remember that game. Was selling a TV at Eastgate Sears and the department fell silent, the guy I was talking to walked over to the tv we had the game on and I followed. Saw the fight, saw the ejections. Guy and about fifteen or so others standing around got pissed vocally and threw their hands up in the air and walked away shaking their heads. I continued selling the TV to that guy. 

Fun times.

Whit was loyal. Miss him."
I never thought I'd miss the early 2010s Bengals but here we are
Man this makes me miss big Whit.
Damn. This made me sad... I miss him. I miss our team riding for each other like that.
I miss Whit. Letting him go was so stupid.
Fire Zac and Lou today !!!! Anybody is going to be a better Job !!!
zac had a good game of coaching today
"Lou yes. Zac not sure. Surprised by the play calling today as I’ve been aboard the fire train. He had some flashes of brilliance, and we definitely lost due to D."
"I'm pretty ok with Zac so far, but the defense at the end of games and end of halves has been atrocious all season. There has to be something done about that somehow, its been the only consistent issue all year."
"Bengals didn’t punt all game, but fire the head coach, lol no"
"Zac and Lou are useful idiots , they don't know they're tanking . Do whatever necessary to PROTECT JOE ! Hire Zimmer for 2021."
"Looking back a few hours after another extremely tough loss, I am still hopeful for the future of this team. Burrow is simply special and the weapons around him are very good as we all knew coming into the season. Even the offensive line played reasonably well in the second half considering all the injuries we had in this game. The defense is obviously a problem and honestly I don't see it getting much better this season. Anarumo needs to go, I will say however he is trying to make chicken salad with chicken shit so I will give him a tip of the cap there as he has no defensive line, top 2 corners are injured, and an inexperienced linebacker corps outside of Bynes. That said it is inexcusable for the defense to perform in back-to-back second halves the way they did.

 

 As for Taylor, I was done with him last week, and I was VERY vocal about it, but he flashes brilliance as a play caller, and contrary to belief, after hearing Gio speak to the media today, I'm willing to back off that notion and give Zac some more time, so long as the players continue to support him (outside of Dunlap, who, as much as I love him, think it's time to move on). As much as it hurts like hell and we desperately want wins and competition for the first time since 2016, these losses could be the difference between Sewell, Leatherwood, or even a fantasy situation where we land the number 1 or 2 pick and get an RGIII-esqe trade package and accelerate our rebuild if we can hit on some picks.

 

In addition to this, I believe we could continue to see active free agency periods based on last years spending. I just want to say, I love you all, I want these wins as badly as all of you do, and I hope we can get it right. These losses suck, but it might all be worth it if we can get Sewell and some defensive help, while signing someone like Thurney to help sure up the offensive line. Sorry for rambling, but I truly believe this can get turned around, probably not this year, but we aren't as far away as many think.

 

<3"
"I’m willing to back off my “fire Zac” position after today. However, Lou has to go, and he has to go now. There is no way that we should have lost this game. In no world should BAKER FUCKING MAYFIELD go 22/23 with 5 TDS in 3 quarters. No excuses. Lou does not know how to scheme a good defense. With even an average coordinator, the Bengals could be 4-4 or better, quite frankly."
[deleted]
"I get that everyone's upset and it's easy to panic and say fire the coach, but this is the correct take"
"I’m fine with ZT, he’s still growing as a coaching and still assembling his team. But he has got to fire Lou, is Lou is a goddamn liability. We played better than the browns, but Lou can’t let average at best TE’s and run all over us. Hell, the other team will go for a check down but they end up getting 20 yards out of it."
"I wish we could have just hired Taylor as an OC, he clearly has talent when it comes to calling plays on offense"
">Looking back a few hours after another extremely tough loss, I am still hopeful for the future of this team. Burrow is simply special and the weapons around him are very good as we all knew coming into the season. Even the offensive line played reasonably well in the second half considering all the injuries we had in this game. The defense is obviously a problem and honestly I don't see it getting much better this season. Anarumo needs to go, I will say however he is trying to make chicken salad with chicken shit so I will give him a tip of the cap there as he has no defensive line, top 2 corners are injured, and an inexperienced linebacker corps outside of Bynes.

&nbsp;

>That said it is inexcusable for the defense to perform in back-to-back second halves the way they did. As for Taylor, I was done with him last week, and I was VERY vocal about it, but he flashes brilliance as a play caller, and contrary to belief, after hearing Gio speak to the media today, I'm willing to back off that notion and give Zac some more time, so long as the players continue to support him (outside of Dunlap, who, as much as I love him, think it's time to move on). As much as it hurts like hell and we desperately want wins and competition for the first time since 2016, these losses could be the difference between Sewell, Leatherwood, or even a fantasy situation where we land the number 1 or 2 pick and get an RGIII-esqe trade package and accelerate our rebuild if we can hit on some picks.

&nbsp;

>In addition to this, I believe we could continue to see active free agency periods based on last years spending. I just want to say, I love you all, I want these wins as badly as all of you do, and I hope we can get it right. These losses suck, but it might all be worth it if we can get Sewell and some defensive help, while signing someone like Thurney to help sure up the offensive line. Sorry for rambling, but I truly believe this can get turned around, probably not this year, but we aren't as far away as many think.

&nbsp;

><3

&nbsp;

Hey /u/DaftMaetel15, it looks like you posted a wall of text. I have separated it into paragraphs for you!



_Send a private message with title **'opt out'** to prevent this bot from seeing your posts in the future._

r/bengals has contributed 0.01% of all walls of text analyzed so far!"
"Good luck convincing mike brown to be active in free agency again when we actually were this year (much to my delight) and then you eat shit in results and he says “see I told you all so the last 20 years” 

Agree today is not on ZT but if he wants some legitimacy and backing in this town he needs to fire lou post haste to Atleast prove he has the balls and brains to see an issue and fix it. I think the common perception around this sub and town is he just hired all his buddies and in-laws and they are fucking around having a good ol time while we all pull our hair out Sunday after Sunday"
I’m a Browns fan. I want Burrows to succeed. He checks all the boxes. He’s from Ohio. He beat Alabama. He has some great plays. Full of potential. He’s America’s quarterback. Bengals unfortunately have the same syndrome the browns did the last two years - where they lost by a few points each time in games they could have won. Bengals are better than their record shows and are a team to watch.
<3
"I like Zac but he's finished , things have spun out of control . He'll get another chance someday . See Bill Belichick as Browns H C."
There is no future with Brown as the owner. Never has been and never will be.
"Nope. They only way I can see Taylor keeping his job in the next three weeks is if he keeps both the titans and steelers games close into the 4th quarter and I just think it's impossible.  They made baker mayfield look like Mahomes. And even if they keep it close, it most likely because of Burrows ability, not Taylor's coaching.  The Steelers front seven are going to destroy us.  I almost wish we could forfeit that game.  Our Oline has no business being on the same field as those guys.  

Our DC is a problem, our Oline and Oline coach is a problem, our OC is a problem.  Our free agent pickup health is a problem. Our record in games decided by less than a TD is a problem. And all those problems are the direct results of Taylor's decision making. 

He double downed on this Oline, he double downed on this DC, on this OC, and on this Oline coach.  He doesn't deserve to pick another staff. He doesn't deserve to finish the season, he doesn't deserve another draft.  Fire him now or in three weeks when we are 1-7-1 coming off an embarrassing loss to Pittsburg.  

Unless he told the Browns from day-1 two years ago that his plan was to get back to back #1 overall picks  to pick their franchise qb and trade the other for a bunch of draft picks, then this is the best he can do and it's time to cut the cord."
""
"Lou needs to be fired immediately. The team has fired coordinators mid season before, and he has done nothing to show that he deserves to keep the job. At least Zac has been creative with play calling and learned from mistakes like the Ravens game, with defense it’s the same problems every single week."
This gives me clinical depression
"I've reached a point in my fandom where this doesn't affect me anymore.  I read this and was like ""yeah, i can see that""."
My god... that's sums up this season pretty well. Time to fire Lou.
That's speaks volumes
Nothing better than making history and getting your name in the record books... right?
I honestly want to know what it's like being that 1.
That’s just what we do
That’s where your wrong kiddo!! You’ve been bungalized!!
"Its done, we all know it. Do we risk Borrow or go for #1 draft picks and trades to protect him?"
"He's going to play, it wouldn't make sense imo to bench him. They need to get him protection though because he's special. Look at what he's doing without any, imagine what he would do with an average oline."
No. He's a rookie who needs reps and a competitor who very likely wants to keep competing.
Did you see what happened to Dalton yesterday(hope you're OK bro ) ? What if that was Joe ? Hits like that can effectively end careers  or at least shorten them .  He' already gotten a feel for the pro game . reps at the risk of injury aren't worth it .
"I'm getting down voted but the Bengals making the playoffs are now less than 1% statistically.  Meaning, never going to happen."
""
"Yes it has, it’s not as bad as it seemed."
"Its better through scheme adjustments and improvements from Joe, but overall its still bad, I think. I think if I could do only 2 things this off season, I would draft/sign about 5 OL trying to get the most proven guys I could, and I would replace our DC with someone ready to work with the new guys. Should be a lot easier to sell the team to a DC now IMO. You'll get plenty of support from the O, just gotta stop a drive every now and then."
Don't worry friends the Steelers will remind us
"No, we're simply adjusting to their failings. Let Burrow make the quick reads he's so good at, and get the ball out of his hands as soon as possible. Lot of screens, slants, other fast developing routes with fewer shots downfield"
"Yes, but no"
He got sacked 4 times in the first half and in the second half our two best lineman got injured.  Nope.
"No, Lou’s just managed to make the defense the focus of all our ire."
I think the bigger thing is we've been working on getting the ball out quickly. We're lucky Joe is good with quick releases like that. Also seems that we have Gio and Sample in as blockers on plays where we want a little more time
Your line was MILES better that what it was the first time we played. Joe was pretty safe and secure back there yesterday.
"No, they have not. It may seem that way because Joe is getting the ball out faster and adjusting, but he is still getting sacked at an incredible rate."
[deleted]
Herbert looks great
Herbert has been great just like burrow. You could give it to either at this point
Regardless of how good he plays a 2-4 win team isn’t going to have their QB names ROTY.
I love your fire 😂
Idc about roty I want wins
i hope burrow wins it but herbert is a stud man i love watching him play. gonna be fun to watch these two for years to come
Someone’s mommy didn’t love them enough as a child. Yeesh... what a waste of energy.
Highly unlikely burrow wins this given how Herbert looks. Herbert is playing better than burrow with better numbers and his team is winning games.
[deleted]
We need Burrow to do this to our clowns at O-Line. He will end up injured worse than Dalton soon
"Yes, assface"
"
Andy Dalton addressing the Cowboys offensive line 

***

posted by [@jonmachota](https://twitter.com/jonmachota)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1320427049807433730/pu/vid/488x270/gFBgCqyOqUd_-9dM.mp4?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
So they put the hit out on him... Bitches.
"In the Super Bowl era, teams that scored 33+ points and didn’t punt in a game were 55-0 before today.  Bengals loss makes it 55-1!


Jesus H Tap Dancing Christ.  What a shit  show"
How have yous managed that then?
"First off, Bengals fan since 88.  I understand the frustrations, but come on.  Am I the only one wishing for games like this today?  Points on the board, and a loss. We need high draft picks one more year, and then we can start hoping for a playoff run."
"I don’t understand all the hate on ZT. The guy called a freakin great game today. Burrow and the offense continues to improve. The rookie continue to improve. The players like ZT and believe what he’s doing. It’s rare you see guys on a 1-5-1 team backing up their relatively new HC and taking shots at Carlos who has been their longtime teammate. Say what you want, but ZT never did lose this locker room. Only the old guys that aren’t performing so they don’t play. Lou NEEDS to be fire tomorrow. But this defense also does not have the personnel on the dline to create ANY pressure. I get it’s frustrating to lose like this constantly. But this team does not have the personnel. Both lines suck. ZT and the FO need to focus on building these up in the offseason"
"Fun fact: Colts were 3-13 in Manning's first season. Couple of seasons later, they were perennial contenders. You don't usually pick 1st overall unless you're really bad, and drafting a QB doesn't immediately make you a winner. This was always going to be a process."
I think it’s the fact that we just can’t get over that hump and that today’s and last weeks loses shouldn’t of happened. Our expectations were low this year but when you’re a pro team and in a spot like they were today and last week it gets frustrating.
"Some people still have this weird belief, that there are 2 sides to the ball and defense matters.

So no I don't want to see my team's defense make Baker Mayfield look like an All Pro with tds to 2 backup tes, a backup rb, and wr making his first nfl catch."
We all knew they were going to be bad this year. At least Burrow is a legit elite QB. We need to build a team around him. The Marv carry overs are all about to be gone.
"In the immortal words of Herm Edwards ‘you play to win the game’

Last year was one thing. At some you have to stop rooting for draft picks and start rooting for wins, right?"
In the big picture you are 100% correct. Other than guys getting hurt that is bad all the way around.
Cuz the defense is embarrassing. Couldn't stop a college team right now.
After the last couple seasons I just can’t be positive about a lot tbh. Objectively we’re one of the worst run franchises in the NFL and if we’re being real Mike Brown is more likely to not put Burrow in a situation to win than vice versa. 1-12-1 in one score games? Even Marvin would have a winning record with this team.
"I'm angry because the defense was horrific last season, and Anarumo wasn't fired. I'm angry because  they blew a 21 point lead last week, and allowed a bum like Baker Mayfield to look better than Joe Montana in his prime. 22 straight completions by Mayfield. Anarumo is not a defensive coordinator. He's hot garbage, and the head coach isn't holding him accountable. I actually thought Taylor called a great game today., and it was squandered by Anarumo. The Bengals should be on a two week win streak, but aren't because of this shitty defensive coordinator."
"*One more year*

*We’ll get em next time*

*All we need to do is....and we’ll be set!*

*Fire (insert name here) and we’ll win!*

It’s the *same song and dance* week in and week out. Been a fan since I was born. When I was first aware enough to enjoy they lost to the 49’ers. 

The 90’s were absolutely *awful*. There’s no other way to put it. It was truly was *try again next season*. 

Marvin made it work again. The 00’s and early 10’s were exciting and we had a couple of playoff games and we gained *respect* which is something we lacked. Bengals were the butt end of almost every joke for about 15 years. Then we started getting worse when Zac came aboard. 

After people yelled long and hard enough to can Marvin, bring the new guy in and he loses. Embarrassingly. Oh! But if he gets the players he wants and a new coaching staff *we’ll win big next season!* but we didn’t. We aren’t. And it’s just systemic of how it’s gone over and over again. 

We’re the butt end of the jokes again. The laughing stock of the league. We’re angry because the team lost when they could’ve won. We’re angry because every time they say one of those phrases it doesn’t happen. 

It’s demoralizing to the players and the fans and it creates all kinds of feelings. There are those who curse at the tv, throw objects, just do a facepalm, or rage on the Internet. 

The anger is justified. 

But the game *was* entertaining I will give you that. 

Still a fan. Always a fan. Just gotta be honest with myself. 

Who Dey!"
"Yes, you're the only one wishing for a loss."
It's freaking Cleveland the mistake on the lake
"Well I was optimistic wed be competing for the playoffs this year,I was upset the last couple weeks,but this week I didnt care. I even went in to work during the game and listened on the phone. And when we gave up the final td I just laughed like wow. But the little silver lining is, this is a good season to lose, with hardly any fans allowed at the games, I hope it's back to normal next season and we do good."
"Its so reassuring that you cant see all the faults in the horrible coaching staff, the front office and Mike Brown. Do you stay in a deluted state or is points on the board and losing what you take as success? There is no way ZT makes a playoff run at all, he cant coach his way out of a wet paper bag. This shit has literally become the browns and it starts with the only Brown left, Mike."
"I think some people went into this season with their expectations a little too high, which is totally understandable. That said, it's been a lot easier for me going into this season expecting absolutely nothing aside from watching Burrow develop and mold with the team. And aside from a few snafus that is a exactly what I am getting."
I’m with you brother!
I get the logic but a top 5 pick doesn't guarantee a top 5 player or even a productive player. The issue is simply being able to win games.
"I posted this in another thread:

I'm okay with us losing this season (well, as ""okay"" as a fan can be) because going into this year it was obvious we weren't just one elite QB away from being a playoff team. What I'm NOT okay with is a defensive scheme that almost religiously refuses to account for the middle of the field and seems to regard opposing Tight Ends as mythical creatures that don't actually exist in reality. 

Bobby Hart is a terrible person and our O-Line has been equally terrible, but with them bringing other guys in they at least seem to understand there's issues there. But there has been no accountability or acknowledgement of this awful defensive scheming and reliance on Prevent Defense the second we get a lead. Taylor may be trending up as a play caller, the offense looked good yesterday and I was impressed to see them adapting to the blitz (for the most part) and going to quick outs, but as long as he keeps Anarumo around as DC then we're going to be terrible. We cannot get one stop on defense unless the opposing offense makes a mistake and shoot themselves in the foot."
" Got you beat by 20 yrs. I'm angry because Joe is a huge step forward while the rest of the organization has regressed . I've seen this franchise bottom out too many times since the passing of PB . Draft picks won' t fix incompetent coaches or weak ownership . If the bleeding were to stop RIGHT NOW  it would take 2 seasons to become competitive , the playoffs are a fever dream ."
I feel like if your take the defense and break them down player by player and realize that we need 10-12 guys to come in and be better you’d understand why people are angry. The lines been better but we’d like to see it better.
Because I’m sick of wasting my time and effort supporting this team. It’s truly unhealthy. That being said - I’ll tune in next Sunday at 1.
[deleted]
"This was immediately after the game, that was like 5 hours ago and there’s been like 5 posts already lol"
"because he’s become an absolute cancer to the team.... I can’t help but think there is some truth to what he is crying about. Lou needs to go. This guy doesn’t know his ass from a hole in the ground and ZT’s new vision of a young, fast defense/team just isn’t in Lou’s DNA. Our blitz packages, coverage and defensive schemes are terrible and could be picked up by any pop warner team in the area. Ya Carlos isn’t getting any pressure on the opposing QB but neither is anyone else because we are so passive on defense. This whole “wait back and hope (pray to God) someone makes a play isn’t where we need to be with our new/young defense. Joey B can and is doing all that he can to put this team in a position to win and this defense is continuously letting HIM down because of our pussy behind the wheel. Take the training wheels off and let these youngins ball. They have the talent. Keep with ZT’s vision and get someone in there that is competent enough to see this thing through to fruition. Who Dey fuckers!"
"Lou is trash, I don’t approve of Dunlaps actions but the reason behind it is not wrong."
I think there is a bigger problem at hand. Recently Dunlap said that they have a plan but he doesn’t want to be a part of it. Makes me think these 1 posession losses aren’t a coincidence. Gives me the vibe that they’re not concerned with winning right now but rather figuring out who is going to be there for the future.
""
specifically defense* for last stage
It’s crazy that we’ve had a lead through three quarters in 5 out of 7 games this year but have just one win to show for it
I believe the defense thinks games are only 45 minutes.
"As a Browns fan, the Bengals have a good team. Burrows is and will be great. With some tweaks to the team, you can talk playoffs. Hang in there...trust me, I follow the Browns"
I went to high school with Joe burrow and he was the best player on our Junior Varsity
My Junior varsity team could at least keep our opponents out of the endzone in the last 30 seconds
Fire Lou
"I would like to see someone compare the opening day defensive starting roster from last year to 2020. How many carry overs? Exactly. No preseason. No camp. New guys NEED to play together. Especially with the new reduced hitting in practice. 

Who has a genius solution to remedy the loss of 6 interior DL? I’ll wait.

Take a deep breath. The future looks bright."
"It’s about scheme, it’s about holding the players accountable. Lou hasn’t done either, they carried over the losing in close games from last year to this year. At some point enough is enough. If he isn’t gone by at least end of season, they really need to soul search."
What does hanging on to a bad D coordinator do for us in a lost season? Its time to start looking elsewhere  ASAP
"Lou falls into soft zone defense with literally any lead the team takes, and gets burned for it. That’s all on his game plan and scheme."
"Who is this guy defending Lou like he's his dad or something?

You want to know why Lou is bad:

* 2 minute defense
* 3rd down defense

Guys are wide open against us in those two situations without fail. Wide open. You can't argue that.

Sure take the ""amazing TD catch"" play out of it. That doesn't change the 3 previous plays where they just march down the field with no resistance throwing to wide open receivers. Take ""amazing TD catch"" play out, they still kick a field goal and then what in OT? more of the same? You really wanted to see more of Baker throwing to wide open receivers?

What about the game before? First quarter up 21-0, then what? Wide open receivers all day long?

Bengals take a time out on defense and the next play is a touchdown to win the game, it happened last week, it happened this week too!

But you want to blame the players? get outta here with that and take Lou with you."
"Carryovers? WTF does last year's roster have to do with this years roster? If anything Anarumo has a better roster this year. The main problem is the god damn play calling, not the defensive line playing. I can only assume you are trolling or drunk. The past two weeks the defense has played worse than any Bengals defense in recent memory. The last time it looked this bad Marvin fired the guy."
Ngl I'm not any sort of football analyst but I do spend time reading articles and watching videos from those who are and the ones I can find about our defense talks about how the scheme and play calling is really bad. Obviously take that with a grain of salt since I can't confirm nor deny that though!
"Shake things up . Give his job to a young , hungry underling . reward talent . If Zac objects , tough ."
"After having a couple of these convo's the one thing I will say is it's hard for me to suggest a better option right now. At least at the end of the year we will have options for DC. The options we have now are what, Wade Phillips, Dan Quinn, and I saw someone propose Rex Ryan lol.

The defense is a complete disaster. No one else had a preseason and teams managed to figure it out so I just don't think that argument is really that valid. Also pretty much every team in the league is dealing with crazy injuries currently. SF's entire depth chart was destroyed week 1/2.

End of year, Lou's gotta go."
[deleted]
Sucka shit
"The damage has been done though. The posts has been all over social media for hours, Bengals reporters and fans have been all over this since it posted. The damage is done. He acted like a child and got called out by his teammates for it. I don't care what you think of the coaching staff as fans, any player who acts this way has got to go. It doesn't matter if you agree the coaches don't know what they are doing, cancer in the locker room is real, you are either a part of the team and do what the coaches ask and want to win or you only care about yourself. Carlos only cares about himself."
"The funny thing is I agree that the coaches suck, but he’s also been a ghost when on the field, and airing dirty laundry looks awful. Sad."
Sucka Shit los
Guess his energy faded just like his pass rushing skills.
"can imagine it now “ uhh it was after a tough loss and uhhh i just wanna win, i wear my heart on my sleeve” bs statement he’ll spew out."
Hmm I wonder if that’s to help any potential trade deals moving forward. It seems unlikely that he just randomly realized it looked terrible on his end.
Pussy.
[deleted]
I’m tired of our fans saying we’re trash or a dumpster fire. We could just as easily be 6-1 if the defense could make one defensive stop at the end of a half in each of our games this season. The only game we got absolutely smoked was against Baltimore. Right now our fan base is basically Carlos Dunlap and we need to be more like Burrow/mixon/gio/Boyd and handle this with a lot more positivity.
Imagine if we were in the NFC East...
"We need Guards and EDGE, then OT, LB, DB are secondary needs"
"No we didn’t calm down, our team is trash and our coaches are too blame.

Sports is about winning and not excuse making, tough division want to beat your rivals? Simple get better.

No moral victories here, you’re either a loser or a winner."
"We’ve had 3 divisional games, 2 of which were against the worst opponent. The Browns’s other 3 wins were against the incredibly weak Dallas and Washington, along with the Colts, whose only quality win this season was against the Bears. We have 2 strong teams in the division, with half the divisional games remaining. The Browns have absolutely improved, but they still aren’t that good, and we are worse."
[removed]
"while i do think our dc should go in the offseason i think he doesnt deserve all the blame he is currently getting. Why?

If you look at the lineup from yesterday you might see who was missing: 

1. DJ Reader: best lineman on our defense this season
2. william jackson III : has been solid this season i would say
3. sam hubbard : best edge rusher

But who we really missed was trae waynes, our corner we got in the offseason. 

Now we had to play with partly backup corners.

And if u look at the games yesterday you see that most of the big plays that were given up were either on the corners that couldnt win the one on one, especially on that last drive with 1:09 left and checkdowns to hunt which our rookie linebackers just couldnt cover, which was partly because of pickplays or missdirections.

What im saying is that this defense would be lightyears better with our 2 best corners active and some athletic linebackers.

&#x200B;

Oh and btw i think there was like one completion over the middle were our best defensive player in jessie bates messed up. anything else over the middle was clean: maybe some hope here."
Hubbard not the best edge rusher on this team. That’s Carl Lawson
"The very apparent issue is scheme. Yes we were playing a lot of backups, but from day 1 lou has gone to this shifty soft zone scheme in critical moments when it clearly isn't working. Last year thats one of the big ""oh we are tanking signs"" but now it's just obvious that he is calling bad plays defensively. He is setting our guys up for failure before the play even begins."
"We were playing a lot of backups but we were also playing against a lot of backups. No excuses, next man up."
I just want Hubbard and Lawson healthy with WJ3 and Waynes on the outside:(
[removed]
"Honestly I don't think fumbling is the issue. His fumbles all come on blindside hits and that's because of bad oline play (and also great dline play don't ignore that!).

His issues seem to be that he has to think in less than a second to make a play and that's why he's been throwing ints (imp)"
"A coaching staff, an owner,and a GM would be a real nice starting point. Then a practice facility, and maybe some of the other amenities the other high end teams provide for their players."
The fumbling is not happening frequently enough to call it an issue but is a sign of him holding onto the ball slightly too long trying to make a play. None of us are worried about that.
Defensive line (specifically pass rush) It was bad last year. A lot of fans seemed to think that was because of bad LB play for some reason. Well now the LBs have been fine. We still get no rush. We just don’t have guys that can get to the QB. Lawson is our best and he’s really just slightly above average. Everyone else is non existent. Teams win in the trenches and that’s where we suck
Dude get the fuck out of here. His fumble issue? I guess he needs to have a supernatural grip when helmet smasher mauls him just seconds after the ball is snapped.
"Please only upvote the picture you like the most. Anyone may submit a picture, let's get a sidebar pic up there!"
https://i.imgur.com/QBlnJFf.jpg
The baby Dalton in the stands photo.
[Pretty evocative of the frustrations right now.](https://i.imgur.com/6cSpp4y.jpg)
"For some I suppose it feels better to vent frustrations, and I know we all need it. It's sad that this all falls on deaf ears. We have a legit all star qb. The best imo since boomer and he has a nice compliment of targets, but the team is missing pieces. Nothing will get better. They will just be on the edge. I honestly wish and hope to see Joe find another team so that he can be what he could honestly be. I think the guy could challenge the goat if he could stay healthy which won't happen here. I really can't stand Mike Brown and it's disgusting to realize that family will run this shit like a circus for generations to come.  I guess we will continue to be embarrassed by our stripes."
Been a fan for like 30 years so I understand man. I'm hoping that when brown turns over the team to his daughter things will be better but I've been sayin shit like that for a loooooong time lol
Sit Joe as covid + or via concussion protocol . He's shown he's for real . Stockpile draft picks by whatever means available ( TANK) . Promote coaches from within to find talent . After season hire former NFL head (Marvin ? Zimm ?)coach to right the ship and set the table for permanent replacement .
If the Bengals are going to fire Lou (which is a big if with this organization) it will most likely happen after next week. We play the Titans and then after have a bye week. I would expect any midseason move like a firing to happen going into that bye week. That's when they fired Austin in 2018.
If Taylor knows what's good for him he'll push for this . Front office probably happy with the status quo and the resulting draft picks .
"I'm okay with us losing this season (well, as ""okay"" as a fan can be) because going into this year it was obvious we weren't just one elite QB away from being a playoff team. What I'm NOT okay with is a defensive scheme that almost religiously refuses to account for the middle of the field and seems to regard opposing Tight Ends as mythical creatures that don't actually exist in reality.

Bobby Hart is a terrible person and our O-Line has been equally terrible, but with them bringing other guys in they at least seem to understand there's issues there. But there has been no accountability or acknowledgement of this awful defensive scheming and reliance on Prevent Defense the second we get a lead. Taylor may be trending up as a play caller, the offense looked good yesterday and I was impressed to see them adapting to the blitz (for the most part) and going to quick outs, but as long as he keeps Anarumo around as DC then we're going to be terrible. We cannot get one stop on defense unless the opposing offense makes a mistake and shoot themselves in the foot."
I want us to win so badly but it just sucks that if we win it means we still keep our terrible d coordinator who will let us down when it actually matters. I'll happily be proven wrong and eat my words but I just don't see it happening.
"By the end of the season I want to see both coordinators gone. Zac gets one more year to make it work; with coordinators above, instead of below, the high school level.

By now most of us have recognized the miracles Marvin was pulling off to keep this team around .500. But we also see the trajectory of the current rookies making us a possible SB contender during Burrow's rookie contract. And only the legally blind can't see the deadweight coordinators dragging on the ground behind us, holding us back."
"I think the refusal to fire bad coaches is one of the problems the bengals have being successful. You really don’t see this kind of thing anywhere else in the league. They fire bad coaches and shake things up all the time when things aren’t working. 

I just wish the bengals organization would have that same perspective."
"Can someone help me understand what he's doing so wrong?

I watch replays and whatnot and all I see is standard man and zone, what else is there he's supposed to do? He also called blitzes, just nothing worked, nobody is getting much pressure at all, it may be we overrated our d line and injuries to reader, Hubbard, Atkins, and who can even understand the dunlop situation, but more at a certain point if your guys are just getting beat and qbs are dropping dimes what is he supposed to do? Like the game winning TD Baker threw it right where the wr needed and the db missed the ball, is not that a good placement for the defense where the db just got beat?"
"Fire Lou at the bye or at the end of the season, whatever doesn't matter. Just throw all the money you ha e at Marcus Freeman and make him the new DC!!!"
"Who would be the interm DC? Al Golden? Yeesh, that is just as scary as Lou."
"If you're on the fire Lou immediately train, which I am, this makes sense. Will also help that the Titans are an extremely bad matchup for this defense to begin with, so it should be one of the worst performances of the year from the defense."
I don’t really see the advantage in firing him til about week 14 or so. Nobody is going to step in at this point in the season and work miracles with this team. Why not keep him around until the point that you’re ready to actually begin the hiring process for a new DC.
I don't understand why you guy guys think Taylor is actually going to fire his friends.
Hopefully if we wait that long it’s Taylor who goes with him too.
"Hey everyone,

This is my weekly PFF update.

**Changes:**

* Margus Hunt added

**Notes:**

* Surprised to see no increase in Burrow's grade. But I think the INT and dropped INT really hurt, as well as the lost fumble. Once some of the TOs are cut out I think we will see a continued increase
* RBs were great in pass-blocking and picking up blitzes
* Snap count of WRs. Really just a 3 WR game (Boyd, Higgins, Green). Thomas had 16 snaps. Tate only got 6 snaps
* Bobby Hart is actually having a decent season. His reputation is what hurts him and he had a rough start against Bosa. Since Redmond has taken over (Yes, he's bad) Hart has been solid
* Yeah, Fred Johnson was still bad at tackle
* Michael Jordan has improved in all areas the last 2 weeks. I think you can see it on the field as well
* Carlos and Geno had 12 snaps
* Logan Wilson and ADG continue to show small improvements

&#x200B;

**LINK:**

[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1P5N6WSkclnpxIgJ6Pn2133YXudC757DndrXYxYcozl0/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1P5N6WSkclnpxIgJ6Pn2133YXudC757DndrXYxYcozl0/edit?usp=sharing)"
"What i noticed - 

* Jessie Bates is the only safety with any type of coverage ability, the rest are only good at the run.

* PFF is on crack thinking that Burrow declined in overall pass performance with yesterday's game

* Adeniji did a great job at pass blocking in his limited snaps

* Geno is doing well despite not getting on the stat sheet with limited snaps. Sucks since he will probably need surgery at some point.

* Dunlap, Phillips, and Williams are all bark with no bite. Bad grades and lots of whining.

* Our young linebackers are at least slightly improving

* Khalid Kareem is looking like he should rotate in more"
I thought Johnson held up ok from what I saw yesterday.  Pretty surprised to see him so low.
"This last draft all look so promising, i hope Adenji gets some snaps next week"
Goodness we have no play makers on defense outside of Bates. Carl Lawson looks like he has the second best grade at 64.3 last week. That's awful.
"> RBs were great in pass-blocking and picking up blitzes

Yeah, this is an argument for keeping Samje on the roster. He was graded as better than Gio at pass blocking, who is pretty good himself. Heck, maybe design a few plays with both of them in. More blocking and blitz pickup is good for this team, straight up."
[deleted]
I miss the Flacco Ravens that were always guaranteed at least a split and the imploding steelers that didn't have a defense that made me fear for Joe's life :(
"Sorry to hear about OBJ. Also, maybe you guys can somehow trade up and snag Fields in the draft. Good team up there, but Baker is your liability on offense."
""
"Never gonna get back up

Never gonna stop 3rd down

Never gonna run around and make tackles..."
"Well, they certainly gave it up, and let us down..."
Time to die🎶🎶
I really think that we would’ve had a better chance of winning this game if we just decided not to put a defense out there at all. 🤦🏻‍♂️
your hopes and dreams- say goodbye
Hells yeah
Pain
""
This is a prime example of why Gio is the consummate professional. Dude has taken a backseat to so many RBs and hasnt said shit. Just buckles his chinstrap and does his job. He knows his limitations and that's why he succeeds at what the coaches ask of him. He's the antithesis of Dunlap.
[deleted]
"Hold up. That question was fucking pathetic.


also, I was just starting to think, “Taylor’s gotta go, I don’t care how good his potential is because we have Burrow and surely that will attract better personnel” 

But after seeing Taylor’s last interview and how the team backs him up I second guess it. I don’t think any coach could scheme much better around this o line though. Even with the odd, questionable play calls."
"Man, Gio is obviously a very smart and level-headed guy, this answer was incredibly well-written. We're lucky to have him on our team."
"I’m so glad Gio is on our team. Wish our fans were more like him. Whenever you start to think dumbass toxic fan shit, just say to yourself “what would gio do?”"
"I love Gio, always been one of my favorites. Never understood why he was always the guy everyone wants to trade, what he brings in leadership to the team along with his ability on the field especially as a receiver and pass blocker is invaluable."
97% of locker room is with Zac including the qb. Moron fans are just looking for the next shiny object thinking it’s gonna help
":3

Gio deserves his contract!"
Losing his mind bruh chill he made a few dumb posts on instagram this isn't AB lmao
"PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE. Tell me why we are doing this?
Why haven’t we traded one of our greatest players since we won’t play him ???
And if no one wants to trade. CUT him. Let him go finish his career winning. Wtf do we gain from this?? Like don’t we get comp draft picks for cutting him but instead we o this"
What the hell does Taylor do to deserve such praise??? How does he convince the guys each week that they didn't lose last week????? From a record standpoint this guy should be fired.
""
"I don't like him.

But multiple staff members and players on the team say he's the hardest worker they've got on the team. Even Mixon said Hart was the hardest worker on the team.

I'm sure they know better than we do; we see a bumbling fool posting stupid stuff on social media and failing multiple plays but also improving week to week."
"Don’t get me wrong - Bobby Hart sucks, and should not the starting RT for this team. That said, they have not set him up to succeed either. The scheme and plays in the first quarter of the season were inconsistent with the personnel they had. And the RG play has been particularly bad, which doesn’t help him. 

Yesterday was the first time I’ve seen play calling that helped. Gio would chip block and spill into the flat, they got the ball out early, they sent men in motion, they set up screens, etc. All of that helps offensive linemen because they aren’t just trying to stop a rushing bull. When you make the guys on the other side of the line respect some lateral motion, they can’t just push north and south."
"and those are cumulative grades, i believe. word on twitter is bobby’s grade yesterday was 83.6, with 50 of his snaps against garrett. he may be an easy target for us but give credit where it’s due"
He’s been better. Guard play is our biggest problem on the line currently as long as Jonah comes back soon. Need Spain in a bad way
I will give Bobby some credit. Yesterday I saw effort. You also don't get injured unless you are trying and by God he was.
"I'm gonna be honest,  not a huge Hart fan, but the matches he had with Garrett I don't think Garrett broke through most of them. That says something for sure."
I just hope this staff doesn’t take guys who have shown potential over proven guys in FA. I’ll gladly spend $15mil for a OT who can be consistent and block for Burrow lol
"""That's better, but it's not hard to improve on garbage."" Captain Price CoD4 MW"
He's not the answer but our line is so bad that his absence next week is gonna hurt.
Just in time for him to get hurt unfortunately. At least we get a chance to answer the Fred Johnson Question
The blind squirrel does get the nut sometimes.
"I wonder if Marvin big brained and saw this coming. Also are we sure Turner is as bad as we say he is? If you can make Bobby hart look half decent then maybe, just maybe, you deserve some type of job. Yes i know Turner created one of the worst cultures ever in a locker room. People can change though."
I never knew he was such a good run blocker
"Didn't he show the same trend last year? I thought by end of the season last year, he really showed some ability. Hence some of the hesitation to address the need during the off-season."
That’s dope. The biggest problem is still guard. And their communication
"Good for him.  I'll admit I didn't think it was a good signing at the time, but hopefully Hart continues to work hard and get better.

He gets more hate for his social media presence than his play IMO."
It looks like he just had a good week. Too few data point to see a remarkable trend.
Guess I need to post a pic of a graph to get people to look at my post haha
Never
"I was actually having the thought that an entire season to develop with so many passes could elevate the line, not out of the realm of possibility this is happening, nearly every week we say that was a good game for how bad Hart is....the real tests will come tho vs Pittsburgh and good pass rush teams"
"Best joke I’ve heard all day. He’s doing better, but still trash"
""
"honestly, i think we should give Zac a chance.  This year is miles ahead of last year, even though we'eve had a ton of missteps.  Most of that is talent, point blank period.  I think weve gotten better week after week and, effort has been there on both sides of the ball despite quite a few injuries.  weve been close in a lot of games, and our roster isnt that good.  His gameplan the last few weeks has been very impressive, including against the browns imo.  sucks that our DC kinda blew it. I think the players he's drafted so far have been very solid, and guys in the top 4 rounds in 2019 and 2020 are getting solid PT and making some plays. its only his 2nd year and there's noticeable improvement.  Imagine if we draft and sign a few stud OL and DL,  3 players, 2 OL and 1 DL along with a healthy roster and this team would be night/day.   I say get rid of the DC but give Zac a little bit of time, i like what we're building."
"Some of y'all just don't see the big picture and that's fine, but it's getting extremely irritating.

Why do you want to be winning games this year? We need so much help on OL and defense it's not even funny. We spent big $ on FA this offseason, don't count on that happening again because I can't recall two big spending offseasons in a row. We need high draft picks. It's in our best interest to keep losing, get these disgruntled vets off the team and be a much improved team next year.

I'm fine on giving Zac Taylor more time and as long as Lou is not our DC during the 2021 season, I don't care when he gets canned as long as he does at some point."
"Lou should be on the first plane outta here, with Dunlap not far behind. Time to move on, get anything we can out of the situation, and find a new DC yesterday"
"B. Hart: 83.6

M. Jordan: 75.3

J. Williams: 68.3

A. Redmond: 62.1

T. Hopkins: 60.9

B. Price: 60.4

F. Johnson: 42.5"
Bobby can speak about all of the conspiracy theories he wants if he keeps grading 80+ every week
I remember thinking that Price didn’t do so bad.
Biggest stunner to me is Michael Jordan. Dude was at the bottom of the position group every week.
Didn't Bobby go out in the 4th quarter? Never thought I would say this. ever. but.. I hope he is healthy for next game
"Its a shame Adenji didn't play enough snaps for us to actually see anything, I really think he can be something"
Hart was our best lineman all along
"Meh. Not convinced. It's about CONSISTENCY, and he has been consistently awful as a starter. One good game doesn't mean shit in the grand scheme.

Also, WOW at Johnson."
Bobby hart redemption arc
Sort of makes sense that hart would eventually start playing well hes built like a good nfl tackle and the coaches have so much faith in him that hopefully it just needed a fee small adjustments to click
"Imagine literally giving your body to an organization for years and then being benched and not told by a coach, or manager, or captain but just seeing your number dropped down on a whiteboard like you mean nothing after all your dedication. These players are humans regardless of how much money they make. That has to hurt.

I’m not excusing his actions. It’s childish. But it’s also just bad player/team management from Taylor and the coaching staff."
[deleted]
what makes you think he hasn't been given an explanation?
I’m wondering if this behavior was bubbling up before the demotion. Apparently the coaches decided in the offseason to reduce his role initially and he wasn’t voted captain. I don’t believe a flip was switched where he was a perfect teammate one day and a locker room cancer the next. But we’ll never know cause the coaches won’t broadcast a live social media bitchfest like Dunlap where we only hear one side of a two sided story
"We all get it hurts. But as a leader, he needs to understand that his behavior is inexcusable. You can’t post depth charts on Twitter and tweet during the game that you’re selling your house. I get the frustration, but doesn’t give him an excuse to act the way he did"
"I have been a fan for thirty years.  Believe me, I can understand the frustration of being a Bengal.  But, as a fan, I just cannot believe how little production we get from our highest paid players.

The fans seem to be the only group wlling to go all in to win.  Even that has become apathy."
"Buddy this is what happens when all people get older and can't do their jobs as well as younger people, or the job changes and the person can't adapt.  You don't see those people pouting.

Sorry, but he's being a child and he is getting all of the reaction that he deserves."
"one thing you need to remember, he is Marvin Lewis's guy, not Taylor's. I bet you that Taylor never want him but he sign extend contract right before Marvin Lewis was Fired/Retired.

Taylor doesnt owe him anything, Marvin does."
Imagine this exact same thing hasn't happened to hundreds or thousands of players before who handled it better. We don't know what the dialog was between Carlos and the coaches and I doubt he was truly blindsided. Even if he was like I said this stuff happens all the time and the NFL is a business. You want to stay in the league? Be professional or be an all pro at your position that can get away with some bullshit. Carlos is neither.
"Need to trade him tbh. Like, this week."
[removed]
[deleted]
Someone mentioned it earlier but it’s more likely to happen after this game coming up so we can roll into a bye week with time to adjust.
[deleted]
