text
"Where do you guys get your gear and or apparel? Looking get some new clothes/jerseys but obviously want to save as much as possible along the way. Also got my gf to become a big bengals fan and I now want to help her look the part as well! Obviously, one day I want to look as good as the bengalorian! #whodey"
I usually order is from the Pro Shop but if you live around the Cincinnati area TJ max/Marshalls sometimes gets some great stuff at killer prices.
"For your gf, there are frequently Bengals items that show up at Clothes Mentor stores in Cincinnati (higher-end women’s resale stores). I have even seen jerseys and jackets available! I have purchased a nice Nike dry fit long sleeve shirt with the tiger face on it for $10-15, and I got a Bengals beanie hat for about the same as well. Both were in great condition!"
If you live in Cincinnati area go to traders world. Tons of bengals stuff for good prices.
I like Koch Sporting Goods downtown.
47 Brand has the best hats and shirts. If they’re in stock. Website is kinda weird to find your shit but they’re my fav. Especially the hats.
"Just wait till midseason, they'll be handing out damn near free everywhere"
Asking for a friends team.  I would totally never consider this move for our team. *sad cat noises*
The spot is currently completely empty so it would have to be an improvement.
"Tate keeps getting pooped on after an amazing 2019 season. Ross keeps shutting the bed. He’s lazy and it’s showing like crazy. Keep Ross? Or Start Tate?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/iy0ubi)"
"I keep seeing this over and over and it doesn’t make sense to me. Tate looked good last year, when AJ and Ross were hurt and he was the only option, but having him, Boyd and AJ as starters doesn’t make sense at all. Tate cannot spread the defense and let’s AJ and/or Boyd be doubled. The question should be Higgins or Ross."
"I predict Tate being acquired by the Patriots and winning the super bowl. Seriously though, didn't we hear that he was unstoppable in the redzone during camp?"
"I mean, Tate caught 40 passes on 80 targets last season. I wouldn't say that's amazing. Not that I think Ross is better but just wanted to point that out.

My biggest issue with starting tate is that we need someone who can stretch the field and Tate is slow. Ross can stretch the field but can't catch. It sucks all around imo"
"Both of them have a sub 500 catch percentage, id trade both if i thought we could get anything out of them."
"I think Tate would have better stats and more catches, but you can use Ross to get Green and Boyd open more often than Tate would be able to."
Why did 39 people vote for Ross? Explain yourselves.
Is this fantasy or just for the team?
"If im starting a team and need to add a wr, I'd take Tate right now.  But for the bengals, in 2020, they need Ross more than Tate."
"Guys like Tate are good for the red zone but guys like Ross open up the defense more on drives. Bengals need to have a redzone crew of AJ, Higgins, and Tate that would be scary. 

With how Mike Thomas has played so far it's understandable that Rate isn't getting much of a chance tbh. Separation is everything in the NFL and Tate isnt great at it."
"In a perfect world, Burrow would have an offensive line that actually can protect the QB, which gives Burrow time to heave the ball down to wherever. 

But that's the thing. The damn offense (and all of its would-be potential) is shafted by a shitty line. There is a reason why Burrow is at the bottom for passes that go beyond 20 yards. He has no damn time to throw the ball.

Ross can keep running all the way to the other side of the field on every play. It is rather moot if Burrow has no time to throw it."
""
Stubbornness and ignorance from the top itself. Troy dipshit Blackburn dug his heels into it and not going to give up.
Goddamn. How terrible does Price look in practice that they won’t even give him a shot? What a bust.
[deleted]
"Listen I hate Bobby hart too, and I agree he isn’t good but the professional coaches see every player every day and they think he’s the best RT as much as we don’t like it just my thought."
[deleted]
"Outside of a couple plays Hart played decent last week. He also played pretty well the last half of last year. He’s a terrible person and certainly a position that needs addressed, but there is no immediate replacement on the team - Fred Johnson looked awful last Thursday. Unfortunately, he’s the best option this year, which is the front office’s fault for not addressing in the off season."
Agreed what a waste of a draft pick with Price. What a waste of a uniform with Hart
I heard from one of the Bengals podcasts that Price was injured and that's why he didn't play on Thursday. It may also explain why we re-signed Redmond.
"> I been sports writing for five years now.

lol"
Did anyone notice how terrible Johnson was against the Browns?
"That's because you guys are morons and allow narratives to take the place of reality. Yes, Hart is bad, but he's the best RT we have right now and probably the 2nd or 3rd best OL on the team. That's not saying a lot, but everyone on that line has problems. Hart is neither the least nor greatest of them. You guys WANT him to be, because you're... you and as such have no regard for reality. But if you want the truth, it's a coaching and scheme problem."
Sucks that Fred Johnson is even worse. He was getting bodied all night against Cleveland
"I'm sorry man. I think zak is a nice guy and all, but what in the actual freak is going on?  Why would you even consider keeping this offensive line personnel the same when your once in a lifetime franchise bonafide star qb is getting his freaking brains crushed repeatedly play after play after play?  I can understand adjusting. I can understand learning. What I don't understand is putting guys in place who clearly lack the talent to perform at the position. Why is Fred Johnson still playing at RG? Why is Hart still even on the team? My only reasonable answer for this is they aren't watching the film. They can't be. Because if they were they would be completely embarrassed to see the actual play from these guys.  When you do the same thing over and over and expect different results you are insane. It's going to be a slow sad thing to watch this season. The fire in this kids belly and eyes is slowly going to die because of what is around him.  If he doesn't end the season holding a clip board for the backup whoever that is. I don't mind seeing the team struggle to win this season. No problem. In fact I welcome it. But if it means destroying the future to do so, then just sit the guy until these magical offensive line pieces that are supposedly coming next season actually arrive, then begin a learning process for joe."
"Johnson is not better, unfortunately."
Guess they like watching Hart let guys run by him. They have know he has sucked for 3 years now enough.
I’m not opposed to giving Johnson another try at RG. Some players just have bad games and it is a new position for him. He’s shown potential so I’ll be patient with him. I just don’t understand how Hart keeps getting a free pass though. We’ve been patient enough with him not like he’s a new comer in the league anymore he is what he is.
They didn't replace price he was never a starter which speaks to how bad he is.
No please start Johnson over Hart and start Michael Jordan over Billy Price
Tired of the Hart hate
Just shows what a shit coach ZACK IS
""
Check your email you savage!
How did you get the date and time to overlay the widget with PBS pictures?
Gotta get that striped up Poke Ball too
"I'm drunk, newly single after 4 years, and moving back home, but you know what? Joe Burrow and the boys are gonna get us some big time wins this year WHO DEY"
They’re not changing the OL for Sunday. But Geno is no longer listed as injured
"I'm sober, married 20+ years, own my own home, and he's going to die without an OL."
Drunk at 7 am.. respect
*checks the time* yup that’s a bengals fan alright.
Drunk Bengal fan? That's at least one normal thing in 2020.
"If they don't do SOMETHING about the offensive line, I will be shocked if he makes it thru the season un-injured"
"Ayyeee single Bengal fans unite

^help ^im ^lonely"
Bobby Hart looks up and laughs.
Hoping the newly single bit ends up being a net positive for you despite all the heartache. We do have a very exciting young QB to watch who is likely to continue drawing attention from national media for his insane abilities and mental fortitude. High hopes our OL improves over the season like they kinda sorta did last year and then with a better season (even 6-10) and a bright young QB we have an easier time attracting free agent talent.
Bengals fan and 2007scaper. My guy!
""
""
Who is a bigger bust at this point?  Ross or Price?  Holy Shit
He played well at tackle last year for a couple games. Put him at RT.
"Great, they’re gonna line fletcher cox on him all game.."
"Fred is too tall to play Guard. Fred Johnson is 2"" taller and has 1.5"" longer arms than Bobby Hart. Hart is also about 10 lbs heaver than Johnson, so the physical attributes for both of them lend me to believe they switch and see how it works out."
"Let’s try anything but getting Hart out of there, even keeping a shoddy right side together for another game."
Man I'm getting real sick and tired of all the negativity around here.
"I think one big problem we have is that a guy like Fred Johnson is surrounded by a bunch of guys that are young and struggle. In a more established group he would be given time to develop. Every guy on this line except Hopkins is living under a microscope and they all have glaring failures. I thought he was a solid RT prospect. I’m not so sure about RG. My point though is that until we nail down these spots they will all suffer. It’s not a unit that you can plug and play. 

Hart is the guy at RT this season. Sample can help him. Williams is going to be the LT with Jordan at LG. The left side seems set. Hopkins at C. So whether it’s Price or Johnson at RG it won’t last long when Su’a-Filo comes back. They pretty much know what they have in Price. They need to see what Fred can do. So when you look at it pragmatically all they are doing is working towards a set line up."
"So wait a young kid struggled in his first game at a new position, so we should immediately give up on him because people on Reddit know what’s best. I don’t give a shit about how you feel about hart and RT. Be a real fan and get behind this kid and actually hope he performs well you negative fucks. You all sit around and hope this team fails so you can bitch about it. Get a life."
Why are we being such a douche to Fred Johnson?
">GH: Did Fred Johnson show you enough to get another start at right guard after his first NFL start there Thursday night?


>ZT: Yeah. For a guy that didn't take any physical reps (last week) for his first start at starting right guard, it wasn't perfect, but he's certainly showed some positive signs there that we can build off. He hadn't taken a guard rep in a couple of weeks. We threw him in there on a short week with no practice and we threw the ball 61 times and he got matched up a couple of times against Myles Garrett. He did a nice job with communication. It wasn't perfect but there are some things to build on.


This is naivety and a clear sign Taylor & Turner are horrible at evaluating Oline talent. And lets be honest. If this shit continues we need to be looking at replacing the entire staff minus Darrin Simmons. 

I say back up the brinks truck for Urban Meyer.

EDIT: Eat a dick up till you hiccup."
Which bengals receiver has been getting covered by the opposing teams best CB? AJ Green or Boyd? Thanks
"Drew sample gets the top corner every game

Michael Thomas second best 

AJ and Boyd generally covered by linemen, AJ’s is usually fatter but stronger so I’d say Boyd has easier matchup"
Boyd is gonna have the easier matchup.
"Boyd seems to be getting more short yardage looks, particularly on third and fourth down. AJ has been getting some deep looks, but they haven't connected yet.

I'd say Boyd has the higher floor and AJ has the higher ceiling."
I heard Burrow in a press conference say he looks to TB on third down. For what it’s worth.
Idk but boyd saved my ass last game with 20 points
Right now Green is playing very rusty but he's still our WR1 (And it's Aj Green)  so it's best bet to say he'll be covered by the opposing teams best.
"AJ Green has no shot against Darius Slay the way he’s been playing.

Boyd plays in the slot typically."
""
""
"Ok so maybe that gives Zac some credibility when he says its not as terrible as were making jt out to be?

I really dont know"
Would not have guessed 70% run block win rate with mixon being good for 40 yards a game so far
This weekend will be a big test. In back to back games we have gone against elite D-Lines so it is imperative that the O-Line can show some competency against more middling lines
"Is it bad that I immediately look at the bottom of the list to find us? 

Man, I have had some low expectations for this team the last 4 years and it shows."
"I've been hearing the Eagles O-line has been terrible over 1st two games, yet they are ranked #5/#11."
Want another surprise? The bengals have been FAR more efficient running the ball to the right side of the field than the left.
The Texans should only throw twice a game.
Where do you see this?
"Not surprised at all when you throw 61 times and only took 3 sacks. Plus why wouldn't the run numbers be good. They are in the low 20's in team stats attempts and take away the Burrow TD run, would be 30th in yards. Take away Burrow in general running the ball and that is 65 of the 190 yards.

The moral is the Bengals lost by 5 points last week. Fred Johnson let Myles Garrett through like I was watching a Longest yard movie when they found out Burt shaved points with the warden. Lets not forget without the hard count offsides, that would of been a safety and the Browns ball again. ZT says the criticism is overblown. 

I guess running over half a dozen plays inside the 5 and settling on a FG down 15 halfway through the 2nd half is overblown as well ?

You have 2 of the bottom 3 teams in YPA playing each other and 2 of the bottom 7 teams in rushing yards. The Eagles are 9th in D and the Bengals 22nd. The Bengals stop Ertz {who is more worried about a new deal} and Miles Sanders, then they have a great shot at winning. If they don't, then I am not sure what excuse people will have for siding with ZT. Maybe they are masochists when ZT jokes how his brother beat him....... again."
"Who do you think will win realistically Bengals or Eagles.

I personally think they can smack the Eagles easily.

Opinions?"
Nothing comes easy with our OL but I am very confident
"31-16 Bengals.  

The bend but don't break defense returns from week 1.  

The offense is rejuvenated with the extended off time.  

Defensive front is back to full strength."
If we can’t go out and beat a team that has been decimated by injuries as bad as the Eagles have then we have serious problems. This game has the potential to be a coming out party for us.
I unfortunately think we play them close but lose by a few points due to 1 or 2 mistakes and poor o-line and defensive play.
[deleted]
"I’m not particularly scared of the eagles right now. Not sure who their running back is, but that seems to be the way to beat us"
"Well, there certainly is a lot of blind optimism this week. I used all mine up in the first 2 weeks. If we win, I think it is a very tight game."
"If Geno is back, I'll have half a hope to beat the Eagles.  Otherwise I have no confidence in a win.  We have yet to establish the run game and we can't block for burrow for shit.  Our weaknesses are obvious so I expect everyone to exploit them."
We need to start strong in the 1st quarter and I would like to see Mixon have a good game. We need to be able to run the ball.
"It all depends on their D line to be honest. If our oline can hold them just enough for burrow to have more than the .3 seconds he's had so far, we might be in a good spot to win."
"I think we get Burrow’s first win. The Eagles can’t run the ball like the Browns, which is our defenses’ big issue. Our pass pro will make it tough on offense, but we will still find a way to score points with Burrow having another good game under duress.  Final score, Bengals 24, Eagles 17."
"Bengals Brawl podcast, episode eleven is up!  Special Guest Bengal Jim talking a little Bengals history and the upcoming Week 3 game against the Eagles. Bengals support Bengals!

[https://open.spotify.com/episode/71KAt7tOoyLFY0aeT03ABO?si=ALQYO6\_qSfu6cSpC373Rqg](https://open.spotify.com/episode/71KAt7tOoyLFY0aeT03ABO?si=ALQYO6_qSfu6cSpC373Rqg)"
Is this your podcast?
""
""
We said we wanted changes to the o line this isn't what we ment....
"All I can say is, Billy Price must really be that bad..."
""
Yea we ain’t getting him.
Can he play Right Tackle?
He’s a good run defender. Why does he get passed around like a blunt?
"God, Harrison and Reader would be crazy though. Might be the two best run stopping DT's in the league."
Imagine this means the Bengals are expecting Geno and or Daniels to be out longer than initially expected. Hoping they come back soon
"Former NFL All-Pro DT Damon “Snacks” Harrison, who openly contemplated retirement last year, has decided to play this season and is scheduled to visit next week with the Seahawks, per source. The 31-year-old Harrison also has received interest from the Bears, Packers and Bengals.

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I assume Geno Atkins is done for the year at this point.
""
"The lack of transparency with Geno's injury is... odd, to say the least."
Need at least one of either Geno or Daniels to play.
Why are the Bengals players always day-to-day forever? there has been plenty of players in the last 10 years that show up questionable and remain so for weeks. It is bullshit
I doubt Geno plays Sunday. Something seems fishy
"Damn cmon geno, how long u gonna be out from a dinged shoulder"
"Our roster management is horrible. Clearly something was long term wrong with Geno and with the IR rules only having to be on for 3 weeks we could have put him on it.
Same with never putting AJ on IR last year till like the last game."
"Hey r/Bengals, I am casually working on a YouTube project involving the best team all 32 franchises have put out. But I honestly have no clue who to put for the Bengals (I assume one of the Super Bowl runs) so I thought why not just ask Reddit."
"[THIS IS YOUR ANSWER](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1988_Cincinnati_Bengals_season)

No other answer is acceptable."
"Idk, I think our 2015 team would of went far in the playoffs if Dalton didn’t get hurt"
2005 cuz it’s one I can remember but obviously historically 1988
"In this order:
1988
2005
2015
2009
1981"
'88 Fo Sho!
""
Damn man I would absolutely pay you to make these
Dope af
Looks real nice Clark!
That’s really cool
You’d be able to sell them! Top work.
You're not fooling me again I know that's a cake
Still prefer the tiger over the B
That’s awesome! Your friend is gonna be hyped
"Curious, did you cut these out by hand, or use a CNC?"
Looks like a birthday cake
"Looks great!  Don’t get too famous, I’d hate to see you get taken down."
Yeah I would buy one- ship to Sydney??
"Sick as hell, man! I'd love to have one :)"
"That’s pretty awesome! Hopefully Mike Brown doesn’t see this cause when he does, he will want his cut of the profits lol."
"I love the art, but I still hate our boring ass logo"
Very nice
This is so perfect
[removed]
""
I want Sewell so freaking bad
"I went from Six to Midnight after reading this mock:

>
PROJECTED TEAM
Cincinnati	
PROSPECT RNK
2nd	
POSITION RNK
1st
Penei Sewell is a special talent at offensive tackle. As much as I was a Jonah Williams stan, I also understand the option to move him to right tackle or inside. Cincinnati has a lot of issues along the offensive line so you add talent and worry about how it fits later.

And my 2nd choice goes right after us. (Wyatt Davis)

Either Sewell or Davis helps shore our biggest weakness. (Even over our pathetic Run D, Protecting Burrow is Job #1, 2 & 3)"
Love it but I wouldn't expect him to fall to 5
Alex leatherwood or Wyatt Davis would be the most realistic (at this point) is we are picking 8-11
[deleted]
"I'm a Panthers fan, I can admit, but I have a soft spot for my boy Joe Burrow. I really want to follow this team, so are there any pointers/good players I need to know of?"
Fuck the steelers
pain
Joe Mixons the man. Also if we can fix our o-line we will be a good team again. But for now get used to some heartbreak. I’ve known heartbreak my whole life as a Bengals fan
Drink!
Inject your veins with goetta and beer.
"we suck, but burrow makes this team fun at least. jessie bates FS is a ballhawk and crazy underrated outside of cincy fans. hubbard off the edge is another exciting young player"
Purchase some quality rum for gameday
Bobby Hart = doo doo
"On Offense, Auden Tate and Tee Higgins will be studs, Aj Green is still a big fan favorite but he’s starting to show his age. Obviously both Joe Burrow and Joe Mixon are key players. Jonah Williams will most likely be a cornerstone for our offensive line. 

On Defense, Jesse bates is easily one of the better safeties in the league so check him out. Geno Atkins, DJ reader and Sam Hubbard are focal points on the d-line. Our linebackers are young but are heading in the right direction. And lastly, William Jackson is a very solid corner."
"I mean, does chili on spaghetti covered in shredded cheddar cheese disgust you or excite you? There’s only one right answer. If you pass this test then we will consider your application. But you must know that a smart person would not voluntarily subject themselves to this life. You’re going down a dark road my friend."
Tyler Boyd.  This guy has had two 1000 yard receiving seasons in a row and has started off the season strong.  He is MONEY on 3rd and 4th down passing plays.  At this point I think he might be the best receiver on the team.
We get very creative with how we lose. We don’t just lose we find all kinds of ways to look like we might win first. Don’t ever think that we are actually think we are going to win no matter what it might look like.
Do yourself a favor and just come back in a couple of years
"Hmmm. Well, this will actually dovetail right in with 2020. You know how these days you're walking down the street and everyone has that hang-dog expression? Like you don't know 'em but you know that life sucks and we're all going through it together. THAT is what it means to be a bengals fan. It's the communal suffering and the shared sense of hope and dread. To be a fan of this franchise is a kind of Masochistic experience, but you'll fall in love with your fellow man - even as you drown your sorrows and destroy your liver each season. Welcome!"
Run away Simbra. Run away and never return
"If you are going to support the Bengals, then you have to hate the Stealers (nope, spelling is correct and spot on)! FTS baby!!!"
"I actually made the same jump this past offseason after seeing how the front office treated Cam and Greg. I was intent on following Burrow and honestly I haven't been disappointed. Other guys like Tyler Boyd, Jonah Williams, and obviously Geno Atkins drew me into being a complete Bengals fan as opposed to just liking Burrow. Fuck Bobby Hart though. All my homies hate Bobby Hart."
"Do yourself a favor and live a life of joy, root for a better team."
Didn't see him on the injury report.
He is on ir
"3 week min on IR, so the earliest he could come back is next week"
I hope hes back soon hes was pretty good. Any lineman getting a 70+ grade from PFF is doing something they are hard on OL
He was in a boot today
"My guess is he'll be out six weeks, so he won't be back for awhile."
""
We are who we thought we are (bad)
"Here are the results to the [5th annual /r/nfl preseson prediction survey](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/izih8p/annual_preseason_prediction_survey_results_are_in/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf ). We had over 5,000 respondents, with fans from all 32 teams.  Over the years this has a track record of identifying improbable division winners before the season starts, based on the homer index. [You can see each fan bases individual playoff picks here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/izijnm/annual_survey_results_are_in_here_is_the/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)

In 2016, the Cowboys had the highest homer index score (68%), and the Seahawks, followed closely with a (65%) index score, as the rest of the league was on the Giants and Cardinals bandwagon.

In 2017, the Jags and Rams both had 70%+ index scores, and I called them dellusional.  I was left eating crow as they both won their division.

Last year, the Titans scored the highest homer index score ever of 80%, and Vikings came in second with 75%. Neither won their division, but both won playoff games as underdogs.

This year, the Colts (68%) and Bears (66%) had the highest homer index score. We'll see how the fair this year.

**Division highlights:**


**AFCE** - Vast majority on the **Bills, Patriots** to fans not so sure.

**AFCN** - **Ravens** have 2nd highest neutral pick at 88%, **Steelers** fans still confident.

**AFCS** - A lot of optimism in division amungst fans, **Titans** with slight edge, but no majority amongst of neutral fans, **Colts** have the largest homer index.

**AFCW** - **Chiefs** are nearly unanimous picks to repeat as division winners. **Chargers** set the record (destroyed might be a better word) for the dumbness metric, with more than a 26% of them picking the **Chargers** to win the super bowl while also not picking them to make the playoffs. For context, league average “dumbness” this was 2%. 


**NFCE** - **Eagles** and **Cowboy** fans nealry equally confident, but netral fans have a significant preferance for the **Cowboys**.

**NFCN** - No neutral majority, but clear two horse race, **Packer** fans noticably more confident than the **Vikings**. **Bears** have 2nd largest homer index.

**NFCS** - **Saints** fans aren't scared of the new look **Bucs** at all, most confident fan base in league at 100% on winning division. Only the **Rams** fans did that last year, and we all saw how that turned out.

**NFCW** - Neutral fans have a preferance for the **49ers**, but **Seahawks** fans are nearly as confident."
"Dang, Panthers fans have almost no confidence in themselves"
To be fair its never bad to be surprised
Bears fans have to be trolling...
Am I missing something here or does the title not have anything to do with the picture posted? What are Bengals fan in the top 5 of per the title?
https://imgur.com/SF8MzIP
Oh no Lions fans what is you doin baby
"Well, after a lifetime of meh - I know I've had to learn to be objective."
Sleeping on LV. They got a soft season.
"I believe we will have a winning record this season, especially if we get rid of that sorry ass Bobby Hart.

Edit: FTS"
""
I think I want that cop who dove down the stairs taking goal line snaps.
"Cop went full yeet on the capture attempt. Much more admirable in effort from that guard, than the Bengals guards."
The cop dive at the end looks like our LBs trying to tackle Hunt and Chubb.
Probably better than Bobby Hart
"Is that Bobby at the end there? The old guy who is walking to the stairs watching his work mates all tumble and run? Yeah, that's him. We knew he can't slide laterally to save his, err, I mean Joe's life. Now we know he cannot/will not run either. 

This reminds me of the story of the three bulls, two young and one old. The first bull leaps down the stairs to get the bad guy. The second bull runs down the stairs after him to get the bad guy. The old bull in all his wisdom says, ""Fuck it, let the perp go. It's not worth me running"". Isn't that how the story goes???"
That diving tackle attempt...
That cop should teach John Ross how to dive for the ball...
that guy couldn’t get 2 yards behind our line.
""
"YOU DON'T LIVE IN CLEVELAND, YOU LIVE IN CINCINNATI!!!!




Sorry, every time I see SW I go full send."
I absolutely adore that man and I’m so sorry that he’s no longer with us.
""
"lolol I hope this will show some of the ""wrong side of 30"" bros that Injury history is wayyyy more important than age. 

We could have Whitworth and Jonah this year, and more importantly..bobby hart on the fucking bench."
Still mad we just let him walk.
Worst part is that paying for all his replacement struggles has been far more expensive than if we would have just paid him what he deserved
[deleted]
"This always makes me sad but I'm pretty sure if Whitworth stayed, we'd still be ""enjoying"" first round playoff exits every year with Dalton. We certainly wouldn't be bad enough to get Burrow.

So I'm just going to hope he enjoys the rest of his career out there and at the same time hope that our needle is pointing upward towards playoff success."
Oof...
Of course he is. Of course.
He should’ve been a lifelong Bengal and possibly the second Bengal HOF member
Gone but never forgotten 😭🙏👆
"So glad we let this loser go, what a waste of space on the line he was. /s"
Of course he is. Shit.
Puke Tobin is an idiot.
"Ugh, that hurts. 1 ex Tiger star could be protecting the next."
Whits a HoFer.
This makes me sad
"I think if it had been apparent when Whit was leaving that he still had it and would for a further 4 years, then they would have gladly ponied up. He was 36, coming off a down-ish year by his standards, and seemed like he might be on the down side of his career. He got a huge offer from L.A. that would have been hard to match in any situation. It was unfortunate for sure, and it paid off for the Rams but I don't think it would be a high percentage play that would work out often."
Crying.
BUT CEDRIC OGBUEHI WAS CHEAPER AND YOUNGER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Unpopular opinion I’m sure but at the time they let him go it felt like the right move.  Older lineman on the wrong side of 35.  2 young, high draft picks.  No one could have ever predicted that both Fisher and Ogbehi would be so terrible.  It felt like a changing of the guard, we were finally going to let go of an older player instead of hanging on too long.  Boy did Whit prove us wrong."
"Think of it this way, we never fuck up signing Andrew, then we probably never draft Joe."
""
.... Are they asking me to start shit talking?
Nah man
"IMO, Duke Tobin has made some questionable personal decisions. Starting with letting Whitworth go and poor drafts and FA signings. Failure to address OL is such a big concern. Should he be fired if they don’t turn it around?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/izpnsi)"
"Even if we feel Duke is at fault, is there really any chance of him leaving? The Browns/Blackburns love Duke, and Duke loves it here. This org for better or worse, sticks with their hires and trusts them to work it out."
Whit wasn't his decision. Whit negotiated with Mike Brown directly. The Rams just offered more than double the money Brown did as well as a multi-year deal.
"> Failure to address OL is such a big concern.  

Its not like they haven't attempted to address the line since Whitworth left."
These were bad options for a poll. Tobin is not on the hotseat and won’t be for the foreseeable future. And losing Tobin would be horrible for the Bengals because he would not be replaced.
"I think that duke is probably about league average but is highly susceptible to coaches and owners as far as personnel is concerned. 

He seems to find good value late in the draft though pretty consistently and to be fair its not like he's got an army scouting for him.

The last two first round picks seem to be pretty good (lol maybe a bit of an understatemnt) so maybe with zac coming in he has more influence on early round picks? 

I dont see anyone doing better than duke with the same scouting department honestly."
Too soon to question Tobin in my opinion ask again in 6 weeks
Can we just get at least a handful more scouts for the draft and FA? Please god.
"I don’t feel this teams problems is player related.

We have guys who can play, but we lack in the culture and coaching.

Every time I watch the Seahawks and they are down in the 4th quarter I never write them off.

When I watch the Bengals and I know we’re down I just turn it off. 

This team severely lacks at the wanting and how to wins and how to get there. I put that on the culture and the coaches."
"If he hasn’t been fired yet, he’s never going to be fired. It’s pathetic."
""
BENGOS!!!
I might eat a cheesesteak Sunday just to show Phily what’s up! Bengals are going to show up this week! Awesome drawing very nice. Joe looks powerful and ready to go.
Fridge material.
Time to slap the Bingle Barrel boys hell yea!!
Beautiful
Let’s get this W BOYS
This speaks to me.
"Hey guys, Cowboys fan here, I come in peace!

Just wanted to say that I love where the offense is going, Burrow looks like a great future with coaching to back it up.

And I speak for all of us idiots at /r/cowboys when I say that we want you to beat the fucking pants off the crumbling arrogant shit birds on Sunday.  We will all be rooting for you, more so even than ourselves due to our inevitable loss against the PACNW Pigeons.  Go Bengals!!

WHO DEY"
what’s the o-line looking like this week? I hold my breath ever time Joe drops back
"I'm trying to get excited for the game, but man starting out 0-2 is just rough. Especially losing both games by 1 score, damn. Really hope we can get a W this week, we need it."
"Congratulations to the Reds returning to the playoffs for the first time since 2013.

Bengals were 11-5 that season....
Just saying.

Who-dey!"
"Joe Burrow, you DID IT!"
We'd love to have you all on r/Reds during the playoffs. Come say hello and watch the games with fellow Cincinnati diehards.
Yes!!!!!!!!
So happy to see this
Merry Clinchmas everyone!
"It's all about getting hot at the right time. For once, the Red got the timing right. Go Reds!"
The reds out of the gate didn’t look so great. They finished strong as fuck and made the playoffs. It gives me hope the Bengals could do the same thing. Sneak in at 9-7🤞
I'm a Blue Jay's fan but congrats to the Reds for making it in too!
">It is the temporary nature of life which gives it such value. Don't waste it supporting an awful franchise.


Isn’t that why you’re here, though?"
"From Cincy, now live in San Diego and I admit I have forsaken the Big Red Machine for the Dads, but it still feels good to see the Reds do well."
""" Bengals were 11-5 that season.... Just saying. ""

And promptly lost 27-10 in the playoffs, just one of eight consecutive times they lost in the playoffs scoring 17 or less each time."
"anyone else notice that akeem is kinda feisty after watching TNF, I think we got 2 unnecessary flags because of his frustration. and do you guys think akeem is a solid player?"
"He came from being the best player on his college team that was known for defensive prowess. Hes going to obviously be frustrated and he is still a rookie.

As for whether or not he is a good player right now he needs some work but he has the speed and some of the instincts that point towards him becoming a great linebacker."
"I didn’t really notice him on the field, but I read that PFF gave him a 70.4 rating which is good for 2nd best on our defense that game. Not saying that means much, but it has me hopeful"
"So I went to the university that he went to at app state and he was not the best player on the team or on defense that’s most likely our corner Sean jolly, I think he’s going to be really good for us but we just got to eliminate the penalties on special teams. One thing I will mention is I don’t think he played special teams at app so it might be new for him I know one penalty came on special teams. I like wilson a lot but good god that was an abysmal performance."
I haven’t noticed a single linebacker for the Bengals this year. Seems like more of the same.
""
This straight bangs
I have now lol
[deleted]
Wife material. She got sister? 😆
"I'm sure it is not just me. My stress level has dipped because I have different expectations. I want a playoff win next year and everyone to stay healthy. With Dalton, I EXPECTED wins. Right now, it seems more big-picture and I am actually enjoying it more.. even at 0-2. That being said, protect Burrow.. I cringe every time he gets wrekt. At any rate, you have to feel good about general direction, right?"
"We are 0-2, but Burrow put us in a position to win both of those games. Against talented teams, with poor protection and defense.

If this happened for most of the rest of the year I dont think I'd be upset at all, I'd love burrow to have a record setting rookie year and have a top 5 pick to bag sewell."
"Yes. Anyone that’s unbelievably pissed off about the state of the team being 0-2 had unreasonable expectations. We were complete garbage, and are hopefully moving towards average by the end of the year. We appear to have the most important chess piece secured which is fantastic. I struggled to get pumped last year - plenty excited to watch the rest of this one"
"Yeah exactly. I was telling a coworker that success would be measured in ways other than wins. That loss to the Chargers was completely fine. He got better as the game went and led a game winning drive that was called back on a bad call. 

My only thing is don’t let him get hurt or develop bad habits in the pocket from too many hits"
[deleted]
I’m more worried about Zach Taylor’s record at this point.
"I feel the same way. However, I want that first Burrow W so damn bad"
I feel ya but my stress is pretty high because of the amount of hits Joe is taking.  We need to make it a priority to figure out how to protect him (see Andrew Luck).  If that means trading away a premium pick this year and 'losing value' to protect the ultimate value (franchise QB) so be it.
I can deal with losing this year. I can’t deal with how much Burrow our future is getting his head beat in so far. This was all about getting Taylor and Burrow experience this season. Next year with hopefully another good free agency and solid draft the team will be in better position to contend at least for a wild card. The Bengals may be the only team soon to have a rookie contract qb in the division. They absolutely must take advantage of that and spend to improve the team. The things that have been aggravating this season have been the o line and the defense still sucks at tackling. Burrow has been all we could ask for the first two games. After this year the pressure is going to start on Zac Taylor. If he can’t cut it next year and have the team at least playing .500 ball there will be big problems.
Manning went 3-13 his first year. If they do better than that i will be happy.
"Completely agree. Also, we went up against who most consider the top 2 pass rushers in the league. I’m still holding on to a hope our oline is much improved from last year. Although I fucking can’t stand Bobby Hart along with the rest of you wonderful who Dey fans. Dog shit player and dog shit human. The polar opposite of our boy smokin Joe. But the rest of the line, hopefully there is some improvement... still holding onto hope for that"
"I look at it how I view most UK bball years.  Grow, grow, grow, be good enough to get in and make an impact.  Except we don't have to be good this year, but next.  It's all about development of Burrow, Taylor and the young guys.  

If this shit happens next year though, I'll be pissed."
"I don’t generally let myself get carried away in these type of situations, I want to win and go to the playoffs but realistically, not expecting it this year, probably not the next either

I think we’ve turned the corner, but at this point I’m just hoping our new QB isn’t broken in half."
"My expectations haven't changed.  I was a huge Dalton fan, and it was the same story last year, Zac Taylor has to be the one to take risks.  We have a awesome special teams set up in Bullock and Huber so he uses that as an excuse to play it safe, chew clock and settle for field goals.  Yea the o line needs to step it up but shit let the offense take a shot...all last year did Andy throw anything more then 10 yards that he didn't audible to?  Has that changed with Burrow?"
I hear Ohio is nice this time of year.
"I know I'm feeling good. I remember not hating the pick when we chose Dalton. I wasn't expecting much with him and was pleasantly surprised to see how well he actually did. With Burrow, love the pick, just worried the hype would die when he hit the field. So far, so good. This kid is as phenomenal, as advertised. Even at 0-2, I'm stoked for every game. As Bengal fans, we're used to being in a rebuilding year. However, I don't think I've been this optimistic about an expected down year than I ever have before. I can positively say that we have our guy. WHO DEY!"
"I never believed in Dalton to deliver.

Burrow is the real deal and my blood pressure is sky high watching us ruin him getting hit 10-15 times prr game."
"MIKE BROWN....say it with me! 

Burrow GET OUT MAN leave! If Mike Brown refuses to give up control and do what is needed fucking GET OUT! 

 You will be another could of been like every BIG talent to come through this shit show of an organization! GET OUT 

FUCK YOU MIKE BROWN you greedy pile of shit!"
"There is no way Burrow is gonna win a ring, ever ,without that future Higgins-Wiggins combo"
Tee Higgins + Dee Wiggins will be the best pairing since LeSean and DeSean were on the same team
Sewell would be better IMO
We need O-line before anything else...protect the franchise
Well their first names do spell Tee Dee....
https://i.imgur.com/VAaBpei.gif
Who is Dee wiggins
I would prefer Jamar Chase
"Nah, draft should go: guard, guard. Right tackle, guard, guard, guard......"
"Hello Who Dey nation, I am not from Cincinnati, and therefore I can’t watch the Bengals games. How can I watch the bengals game online?"
nflbite
Crackstreams
Sportsurge dot net
"Of the three listed, which is best. I have a friend who has a friend who’s cousins sister tried nflbite and it was so so. Almost everything link to watch made you accept notifications, which is likely a bad idea! Those that didn’t cut out a lot (buffering)"
Nflsundayticket.tv is $300/year or $100/year for college students
[removed]
[deleted]
"tell your friend........

LETS EFFING GOOOOOOO  
GAME DEY BABYYYYYYYY"
1:00 just feels right for us. Incoming W
"after the game ends I gotta go straight to bed to work my 12am-8am shift but i gotta leave my house at 10:30, so thats 6 hours of sleep. we better win this game"
""
What car model is that?
I’d say hook him up with an O-line then you can worry about his windows.
"&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/s0cm9nqvcpp51.png?width=2003&format=png&auto=webp&s=b5a8c73a94471f1049d289f9e58c581b18f11664

Good Sunday morning, Bengals fans!! We've got a big one today. [Check out my Game Preview on Kentucky Sports Radio](https://kentuckysportsradio.com/main/bengals-week-3-preview-on-to-philadelphia/#llc_comments) for my take on our matchup with Philly. Just a couple hours till kick!"
""
Good dog
""
I'm starting to think taking him at #9 overall might have been a bad decision
"Good. Inexcusable lack of effort on both of his targets last week. Excited to see Tee Higgins get the start, let’s see what we’ve got with him."
Move on from him.
We need you Geno 😩
Glad they listened.
"Feel bad for the guy, but its the right decision."
"his career is over, post Cincy. The dude just doesn’t love football, never has."
Trade for someone else. My god that O-Line is just awful.
""
"And the end of John Ross's Bengals career was heard by all.

He's just here until the contract expires."
"Really hope Tee goes off. Between the drops and the injuries, I really want off Ross’s wild ride"
[deleted]
Higgins and Tate gang rise up
Finally.  What a waste of a draft pick.
AUDEN TATE
"Good. I was patient with Ross but he doesn’t have it. He doesn’t try to make a play for the ball. And when the ball is near him, it’s 50/50 if he’ll catch it. I predict Tate gets a redzone TD today."
Dude has hands like Jason Pierre Paul
Officially bust status for John Ross
"You love to see it. 

I have no patience for a player that doesn't even look like he cares out there. He's running half ass routes and won't lay out for the football. 

Mike Thomas is doing everything I thought Ross would do."
"Tate, Tate, he’s our man. Ross can’t do it but Auden can!"
Holding Ross accountable for poor effort   makes me like Zac a little more. Can't wait to see Higgins and Tate out there!
Pumped! The coaching staff made the right call on this one.
Who’s ready for 9 to 85?
"Props to Taylor for benching him. It's a good way of showing if you cant perform, you will get benched no matter how early you are picked. 

Ross seems like a good guy and hopefully we can trade him or something, a change of scenery could be good for him."
"Woof.  Sounds like Ross is all but done here.  Guy was so good in college, with so much potential.  I'm excited for our rebuild, but this isn't going to happen overnight."
so. john ross = bust. we knew this.
I’m not normally right when I make predictions about sports stuff. But I’ll be damned if I didn’t know the second I heard that we were taking Ross with our ninth (!!) overall pick was a mistake.
Let's gooo
Good. With the complete apathy Ross has shown through two weeks he deserves to be inactive. Excited for Higgins and Tate to see the field a bit more today.
I’m happy to see the coaching staff make this obvious move. Play the best players without bias for how they got there. Tate has earned a shot but he will need to produce. Higgins needs the time to develop. Let’s hope AJ can be AJ.
Ross’s career is a scratch.
Will go down as one of the worst picks in Bengals history.
"I'm really hoping that a speed needy team thinks they can fix Ross and gives us mid round pick for him, but I doubt it. He'll be shipped off for a 6th or 7th or more likely just be here until his contract expires."
I’ve probably been Ross’s biggest supporter. I think it’s all mental for him. This is the last ditch effort by the organization but I don’t see it working
"Poor John Ross never put it all together. Hopefully, he will, because he has unique skill set."
"Sucks for Ross, just couldn't get out of his head."
Damn he looked good too.
I'm sure Kansas City will grab him for cheap next season.
Our WR core is better without Ross
Complete and utter incompetence
"James Rapien who used to work for Mo Egger on 1530 was in love with John Ross. If James could have made out with him I am sure he would have. He would never shut up about John Ross and what a “stud” he was going to be. 

James went to Cleveland, thank god."
"I've been saying he sucked for as long as he's been a Bengal, and I've been downvoted consistently because of it. Good riddance."
Just wait until he balls out in Pittsburgh or new England next year
HAHAHAHA FUCK JOHN ROSS
Trade tate and picks for a mediocre ot
[deleted]
He not being benched. Gino Atkins is on that list he ain’t been benched
It’s Tate Time 😎
[removed]
nflbite.com will have it
"#Cincinnati Bengals at Philadelphia Eagles

Lincoln Financial Field- Philadelphia, PA

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final OT|
|00:13|

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|OT|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Bengals|0|10|7|6|0|23|
|Eagles|0|13|3|7|0|23|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|PHI|FG|2|(15:00) J.Elliott 27 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|
|CIN|FG|2|(7:38) R.Bullock 48 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|PHI|FG|2|(2:50) J.Elliott 42 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|
|CIN|TD|2|(1:33) (Shotgun) J.Burrow pass short right to T.Higgins for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|2|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|PHI|TD|2|(:21) (Shotgun) C.Wentz pass deep right to G.Ward for 29 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PHI|PAT|2|J.Elliott extra point is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|
|PHI|FG|3|(8:44) J.Elliott 54 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|
|CIN|TD|3|(2:26) J.Burrow pass short left to T.Higgins for 4 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|3|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CIN|FG|4|(14:55) R.Bullock 31 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CIN|FG|4|(3:08) R.Bullock 25 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|PHI|TD|4|(:30) (Shotgun) C.Wentz scrambles right end for 7 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PHI|PAT|4|J.Elliott extra point is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Eagles | 11 | 93 | 175 | 206 | 27 |
| Bengals | 9 | 73 | 48 | 256 | 24 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/bengals/comments/j0ylx6/post_game_thread_cincinnati_bengals_at/)
"“Joe Burrow calls a timeout. Sees something he doesn’t like”


Probably his OLine and he needs some water to prepare for getting sacked."
"Joe burrow is 2-1, the bengals are 0-3"
We need to fire Lou Armadillo or whatever his name is
Jake Elliott is pretty good kicker.  Too bad the Bengals can't draft a player like that....  :-|
Fuck Marvin Lewis
"Timeout? Commercial

Injury? Commercial

Punt? Commercial

FG? Commercial

Challenge? Commercial

TD? Commercial

2 min warning? Commercial

Commercial? Commercial"
Lol it’s fun to see the replay and realize that’s ALL COACHING you took a TO to go with that shit what a joke Lou
Didnt think you could challenge a penalty??  Seems like bullshit
This is how you destroy a promising young QB.
90 yard drive with 2 blown sacks
"So yeah, Billy Price, Fred Johnson and Bobby Hart have destroyed this team. 

So has Jim Turner and his obstinate obsession with Bobby Hart. 

And Duke Tobin for ignoring RT in Free Agency. Demar Dotson was sitting out there forever costing nothing compared to what Hart makes. Not a single move was made because they gave him the dumbest deal ever and now theyre stuck with it and wont admit the fuck up."
I’d rather go 0-16 than ruin Burrow
Lap is absolutely over this BS and I'm right there with him.
Can we agree that we need a new defensive coordinator
[deleted]
Lamar Jackson is going to fucking annihilate us
Whichever team loses this game deserves to be relegated to the XFL.
This team doesn't deserve Burrow.
"In other news, Rex Burkhead is doing well. Good for him."
"I’m an eagles fan but dropping in to say, burrows has “it”. Dude is legit."
This shit is infuriating. I feel bad for Burrow
It’s only fitting that Marvin Lewis would fuck us over one more time from the grave by having Jake Elliott kick a game winning field goal against us.
"I feel genuinely bad for Burrow, can’t imagine he can take this kind of beating week after week."
Bates looks like the best player on our defense right now
Lol at the sudden crowd noise when they picked kick direction
Stop running that stupid fucking play
If the bengals just acted like every drive was the 2 minute drill we’d win every game
Remember when Taylor went looking for coaches and no one wanted the defensive coordinator spot? And we ended up with Lou. 🤡
Both these teams are terrible lol
Jessie Bates out there lighting dudes up today
“Probably could go either way” is a dumbass thing to say there
Seriously... run the 2 minute drill all game long
A lot of guys wildly hump the air but few do it as stylishly as Higgins.
tee higgins just singlehandedly made john ross unemployed
Dirty ass motherfuckers deserve that shit.
Tate already more valuable than Ross
"Bengals haven't won on the road since Week 4, 2018. This shit is so infuriating."
Burrow will be injured if they don't improve the line. They literally cannot afford to keep running these same guys out there.
"@LanceMcAlister- Zac, Duke and Mike should be put on trial for what they are doing to Joe Burrow. I volunteer to be on the jury. #Bengals"
I can’t wait to hear Zak Taylor’s press conference when he says we just gotta be better and that a loss is unacceptable
"well they can't lose 16 games, so there is that I guess."
"I’m here to bitch and watch football.

And I’m all out of football."
ill take a FG the way the defense was playing that drive
That is a personal foul on Cox. Fuck that.
AUDEN TATE IS EXPONENTIALLY BETTER THAN JOHN ROSS.
Close call? What?
I literally don’t understand that eagles TD. Why would we not have a safety deep.
We really cut this man
#NINE TO FUCKING EIGHTY-FIVE BABY!!!!
"Eagles fighting injuries, we've got a lead, just got a turnover, and momentum on our side.  What inventive way will they find to crush my hopes today?"
"Heres the thing. The WR went out of bounds on his own.

Problem is that WR was Michael Thomas. Who didnt catch the ball.

Edit: Well shit. But I can assure you Michael Thomas went out of bounds too"
If we don’t get the ball first we’re fucked
"At some point, someone has to accidentally score."
Why the fuck is ZT calling a TO????
LOGAN WILSON
Best defense in the league
What the actual hell is this. This team is just so discouraging
Why are all football teams from Pennsylvania giant douchebags?
And that’s why you’re not an official
Carson Wentz and Andy Dalton are literally Twins. Everytime they fuck up that have that smirk smile on their faces
Take that challenge flag and shove it up your ass Pederson!
"This is gonna make me sad and ruin a great play, isn't it?"
"I feel amazing even if this gets overturned, because that was awesome."
No such thing as a chip shot for Fat Randy
That's game. Trash ass team. I'm only watching for the rookies. Pissed.
The Reds are in the post season. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Can’t wait to hear Zac in the postgame say the same “We need to do our jobs better” bullshit as Marvin used to. The whole mysterious new coach thing really loses its appeal when you realize they actually just don’t have a fucking clue.
Absolutely embarassing o line per usual
Why did the Bengals take a timeout? So dumb
Bruh how do we not change to a run there
Logan Wilson justifying his draft status.
A punt? You've gotta convert on that turnover. What a waste. I can feel the anger building.
Wasn’t expecting much coming into the season but god damn this is tuff to watch.
"Bates, Wilson and Lawson are literally the only 3 players anywhere on this entire defense with any energy.

Edit: I guess Reader, too."
RIP John Ross career
Close call my ass that's PI
Can we just always do no huddle
9 to 85!
That timeout was a terrible idea... just let em scheme away
'The gang gets sacked'
"The good Lord giveth, and fat Randy taketh."
Yes Hart you have to block your man for more than .8 seconds.
What the fuck was the penalty because it surely wasn’t on Ertz!
Phantom penalty turns a sack into a 5 yard gain. That's some refball I'm used to.
Remember when the Bengals drafted Jake Elliot? Pepperidge Farms remembers
Damn where did the Eagles get that guy? Would love to have a kicker with that sort of range
#AIRBNB
"New gameplan, throw it to Boyd everytime"
Higgins beating out ross for that spot with this performance this week
Number 9 to number 85 twice in a single game. What year is it?
Can we please stop running on second and long? Ffs.
Good thing we wasted a down running on 2nd and 10
[deleted]
Just once I'd like to hear the commentators call him Fat Randy
"This commentator did not do his homework, constant mistakes on players and so on"
They need to fire anarumo. He is the worst
That was a weak ass hold call. Fuck man
Wow billy price. His hold didn’t even do anything expect maybe cost us the game
"This entire season has been Joe doing everything possible to help the team win, and then the defense and o line doing everything possible to make us lose."
Do you guys think randy secretly is hoping we don't get into fg range?
shoot bobby hart into the fucking sun
“Front 4 has to put pressure on wentz” drops our best pass rusher into coverage
how hard is it to just get in someone’s way at the very LEAST
8 sacks by the eagles. Lol
Can Burrow buy his way out?
"Zac has to be on the hot seat after this one, right?"
Burrow gives me so much hope then the coaching and oline crushes that hope
Does anyone have ZT's address? I live in CA but I'm willing to take the drive to Ohio just to give him a lift to the airport. I'll pack his bags too. All of it for free.
You win it. No you win it. No you
Eagles fan here......if we combine our offensive lines do you think we could block a sack of potatoes?
Andy dalton could never fellas. Admit it.
If Wentz keeps this up will they go to Hurts before end of season?
No one on the Bengals plays their position more than Kevin Huber.
Even when he isn't smashed immediately he can't step into any throw because he is getting hit. This line is complete garbage. Just draft lines first two rounds
TEE HIGGINS 9 to 85
9 TO 85 !!!
Thank god they benched Ross
"Someone in this thread said ""is this the first time Burrow ever had a lead at halftime?"" Or something and I blame them for that 100%"
"Just wanted burrow to get one more big in hit. 

Are the bengals domestic abusers?"
wild how if we had either an ok O-line OR an ok defense we'd be looking at going 3-0 rn
They can't even find who the illegal contact was on. Great call refs.
THERE'S OUR 5th ROUND PICK WOOOOOOOo
Joe is different man. Unstoppable when he gets going.
I want to go downhill skiing with Burrow and Higgins.
"Eagles fan, Burrow has a bright future. Looks phenomenal"
That can be challenged?
How do you establish yourself back inbounds? That quick replay they show seems like he got a few steps in before he caught it
Always get nervous when fat Randy is kicking that close.
The chad fat randy vs the virgin jake elliot
"Oh so NOW you wait until theres 2 minutes left to start doing all these penalties

WTF Bengals"
Hey I’ve seen this movie before
This team is so good at disappointing me.
We had better win this coinflip....
Was that a cocky smirk on Burrow's face when we won the  toss? I like this kid
I wanna fucking die
Just punt it backwards and give them the W. We deserve to lose
Hart is absolutely useless
"As a madden tournament semifinalist, I believe that I am more equipped to run an NFL defense than Lou will ever be."
My wife waited till I drunk Friday night to ask me if I would get brunch with some friends at 12:15 today. Hope I don’t miss too much of the game.
Is there a game or just commercials
Fucking go for it. Jesus
Wasted the interception
At least our defense exists inside the 10...I guess
Looks like last year. May as well just start us 3 & 7 and not even play the first two downs.
What truly astounding play design there
If the Steelers did that they would penalize the Bengals
Leave Finley in there until the OL knows what the fuck to do!!!
This is an ugly winnable game.
This playcalling is atrocious
Rotund Randall didn't let us down... this time.
Wow early whistles takes away a fumble there. Convenient.
goddamn steelers are up now. can we all agree FUCK THE STEELERS
Two minute warning? He went out
"Imagine we give Burrow more than 1 second in the pocket before he has three guys in his face, would be pretty fun to watch"
Close call? That was obvious as hell.
Watching an 85 in stripes start dancing in the endzone just gave me the hardest rush of nostalgia I've ever felt.
Kicker that's literally the worst thing that you could possibly do
"and in bengal's tradition, a fail after a positive."
"Missed it, what did Fat Randy just do? Kickoff out of bounds??"
Wow we call a timeout and give up the TD. Trash D coordinator
I love how the announcer keeps saying we suck in Zone...then we go Zone and prove it.
Lou is a complete joke. WTF
How does a defense made up of supposedly professional football players consistently look like they have no fucking clue what the hell they were doing out there?
[Lou Amarillo or something idk I don't coach the Bengals](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/417CVAiSffL._AC_.jpg)
Refs just stole a stack from the Bengals. Can officials start being held accountable in the NFL?
Illegal contact. My ass. That was the weakest shit I’ve ever seen and I’ve watch Bengals-Steelers games
Boyd is a baller!!
Higgins is clutch. But let’s give props to Boyd for this drive. Dude did some work.
Something about 9 to 85 just makes me feel like I'm home
TEE HIGGINS IS A BAD MAN.
Joe is so decisive in the red zone. Fucking love it
"TEE FOR TWO


AND TWO FOR TEE"
"If we can just play competent defense, and give burrow time. We can win this."
The offense was unstoppable on that drive. Burrow looks really good.
Fit that throw in perfectly
Please Bengals get this man a line he can BALL with turnstiles protecting him THINK OF WHAT HE CAN DO WITH SERVICABLE PROTECTION
I'll give some credit to coach Taylor. We always seem to play well later into the game so the staff must be making some good adjustments on a weekly basis.
Stupid that you can challenge this
Higgins is straight up BALLING
"As an LSU fan, and after our dogshit performance yesterday, I cant appreciate Joe anymore than I do watching him ball out today."
Gio been clutch on his touches today tho.
Classic defense meltdown.
"Fuck this defense so fucking hard, they can’t tackle shit. Lou better be fired immediately or he will be tarred and feathered"
I have no idea why they didn't go for two. The way the Bengals defense is playing it would have been simple to walk into the end zone.
"I like how they just yell holding and they get a flag.

Fuck the refs, man."
"HAHA

Jake Elliott gets to break it off in his former team in OT. Fitting."
I'm straight up not having a good time boys
Zac Taylor’s play calling is literal dick
"I simply cannot tolerate this OL anymore. We will never, ever win with them."
Billy price is a bust right
The most shameful offensive line performance I've ever witnessed.
[deleted]
"ZT literally gave the Eagles free time. Fuck this guy, leave him in Philadelphia"
"For anyone that wasn't alive in the 90s, this is what watching lost decade football felt like, every week for a decade."
"Eagles are as bad as us lol, noone really deserves to win the game."
"once preseason football is over, they'll look better.."
NOBODY WINS THE BATTLE OF THE BUMS AHAHAHA
"Whenever I think of the Bengals/Eagles history against each other, I can't help, but think of that tie in the 2008-2009 NFL Season against each other. So many Bengals fans were excited they didn't lose that game, because of how bad that season was."
I see our line has improved
3rd and 2 on their side of the field. Mixon already has been eating. Run the ball! Even if he only gets one we can go for it on 4th and 1. What is you doing?
Really enjoying the football breaks between the adverts
Better just be the wind knocked out of him. It's time to fucking do something about the line though
#MALIK JACKSON WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO
"Eagles fan here, Jackson should have been ejected. That was dirty."
Seriously five offensive linemen can't block four rushers?
"Listen, I get that the eagles are frustrated, but they are playing unbelievably dirty. It’s unacceptable."
[deleted]
Watching that Malik replay...fuck that guy.
Your kicker thicc
I'm not liking these extra hits on burrow that refs are allowing.
We need an OC so bad Taylor is ass at calling a game. 3rd and short? Here's another rollout!
"Mixon averaging 3.7 yards a carry, but let's throw on 3rd and 2 

Damn I could call better plays than this"
2 minute drill fellas....the only time our offense looks competent. Let's get some points!
Ross should never see the field again.
And thats why you don't bench Tate for Ross. Burrow with amazing feet in the pocket
We should always run no huddle
Tate>Ross
Who is this fucking joke of an announcer? Defended the roughing call and now the PI too?
Higgins TD!
Tate's gotta be feeling himself after that drive. The young guys are out there making plays!
Higgins over Ross was definitely the right choice.
They need to rename the 2 minute warning to the Joe Burrow Warning.
Fat Randy pulled his tummy again.
Our defense is a bunch of clowns. Actually most of our team is lol
"Given the Bengals OL state, god bless Joe Burrow. Taking his first NFL lead into halftime is something.


**And then the Bengals defense said, ""hold our beer.""**"
The Bengals can’t do zone. I don’t care what year it is it’s a tried and true fact
Why even try if you're going to dump it off. Good lord this coaching staff is trash
Fire everyone
Lmao Joe can’t even throw a Hail Mary because the oline is still bad.
Burrow and Boyd are going to have a good connection for a long time
Burrow to Boyd all drive. Now cap it off with a TD boys
"Well, I think we have ourselves a quarterback at least."
How did he thread that pass Jesus what a window
Tee Higgins. The T stands for Truth
Just in: Bengals trade Ross for a down payment on a practice bubble.
Must not get excited. Must not get excited. Must not get excited.
Marvin bengals 2nd half was a joke. These Bengals at least seem to adjust and fight. Can coaching get any credit or is it all players?
Burrow is the only reason why we're even showing signs of being a football team. GOAT.
Somebody get that play on YouTube!
Ball don't lie!!!!!
Thank God we sat ross
This offensive line is literally useless.
FAT RANDY THE PLAYER OF THE GAME
HE THREW IT OUT OF BOUNDS DARIUS FUCK
lol Bengals are going to lose. I’ve been conditioned to believe so
We only need to get to field goal range.. so for Randy that puts us about the 3 yard line to be safe
Those two PI’s were so fucking avoidable
Bengals shouldve never let them get that TD. FIRE LOU
Kevin Huber goat captain
Huber 🐐🐐🐐
Yeah I’m officially on team hot seat for Taylor
Huber is so good team MVP
Zach Ertz held there
"Being a bengals fan in this timeline means I must’ve murdered 1 thousand nuns in my last life 

What did I do to deserve this"
"gg, defense fails again

Who was that idiot who said our defense wasn't that bad? lol"
What the fuck did we all do to deserve this.
This game gonna give me a heart attack
So ... many ... sacks.
oh my god PRICE AND HART ARE SO FUCKING BAD. PLEASE CUT THEM
"8 sacks for over 50 yards lost

Let that sink in"
"Burrow had no clue how much cardio he was going to get running for his damn life.

Each snap is a horror movie. Will Burrow make it out alive?"
FUUUCK. THIS IS THE WORST OL IN NFL HISTORY.
Billie Price fucking sucks.
"Does anyone have the official numbers for how many times Burrow has been sacked, hurried and hit today?"
8 sacks right
WHY ARE THEY PUTTING DUNLAP ON A FUCKING RB
"Bout to take that L. Lol. Our offensive line needs to be renamed the ""olay"" line."
[deleted]
Absolutely fucking no one was willing to pay Hart anywhere near what we payed him
Gotta be weird being ZT and fighting for a tie. A god damn tie or loss. That's the options. Barring a miracle pick.
Timeout for what? The fuck is zac taylor doing
"Yeah, that timeout is a head scratcher, lol"
Oline gives up 8 sacks. Defense lets backups score on them twice before each half ends. This team has holes galore.
Both these teams are comically inept
THEY JUST TOOK A TIE?!
Now *thats* Bengal football
same old o-line
WILLLLSOOONNNNN!
LETS HOPE LOGAN HAS MANY MORE IN HIS CAREER
"idk about y’all but im really liking mike thomas, hard worker"
The play calling seems safe and unimaginative so far
That punt had a surrender index of 5.96 ranking in the 92nd percentile of most cowardly punts this year per surrender index 90 twitter.
Come the fuck on. This playcalling is damn weak. 2 to 3 yard gain on the ground on first and second down?
the o line is shit
"Lmao, leave it to the Bengals to be the bounce back game every struggling team needs."
Anybody ever miss Pacmans punt returns?
Malik Jackson is unwelcome in Cincinnati
Jesus please protect the franchise
props to finley for trying to throw a block on that d lineman right there. i love seeing that
this o-line is sorry as hell
Why is Drew sample lined up 1 on 1 with a d end.
Trade picks for OL now. We have the most important piece. Now secure him
Every. Single. Play. He gets hit.
Launch Jim Turner into the sun with Malik Jackson strapped to his back
How are they not getting called for any of these hits they're giving him as he's going out of bounds
What is with these roll out plays on 3rd down? We went 5 for 5 on 4th down last week spreading the field why did we change what we were successful at???
What happened to just getting the first down on 3 and 2??
The roll out is literally the “we have no confidence in the oline and don’t want Burrow to die” play. Just FYI for all the complaints.
Bates looks great after last weeks bad game.
That was nice coverage by Pratt on second down pass defense.
Why did the time run out he went out of bounds?
AUDEN TATE SIGHTING
Shit up Archileta that’s not close
"Note to Jim Turner, Burrow is a much better passer when he isn’t flat on his back."
First 9 to 85 TD since 2010
Tee D!!!
TEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Rookies hook up for six!
Congrats Tee!!  First of many.
Rookie to Rookie TD!!!!!!
I hope Tate gets a TD later. I also hope we cut Ross. He’s a bum
"If we let them score fast enough, we have time to score again."
WE TOOK A TIMEOUT FOR THAT SHIT????
Only in Cincinnati can we go down the field then proceed to kick it out bounds.
"Guys, I think our defense isn't that good"
What in the actual fuck was that?
Oh no! We suck again!
Wade Phillips is coaching high school players through zoom rn
Kick it out of bounds then give up a 20 yard run on the first play then blow a coverage on 3rd and 10 for an easy TD. Just awful awful football.
Lou is a fucking clown
the play calling on this team is unbelievably bad
Fire Lou
What a weak ass call lol
Why did we dump Elliott again?
 the refs gifted that field goal to the eagles. Change my mind.
I don't know how burrow has been even a little bit successful. This line would have Dalton giving up 2 TOs a game easily.
just give Burrow more than .01 seconds to throw and it's almost like he can ball
"Remember when it was disappointing that we had to SETTLE for Boyd after Treadwell, Doctson and Coleman were taken in the first round? LOL. Those guys were massive busts."
Burrow is so freaking good. Love this man already.
"I fucking love Joe Burrow. Jesus Christ, this man is taking us to a super bowl someday. Maybe two."
[deleted]
We’ve got a new 85 in town bois
I like this rookie to rookie thing
Lads this is our future. A QB of the top echelon.
Burrow last 11. 11/11 2 tds..
LESHUAN SIMS
Slay’s arm is pointing the wrong direction.
Slays arm reminded me of Harry Potter after that one quidditch match in Chamber of Secrets
Tate > Ross
Thank God Wentz sucks asshole
"We need seven here. This game isn’t over yet, not even close to being over"
"Burrow. Is. A. Rookie.    
He is the real deal."
oh god I need a cigarette
Joe burrow had a heisman moment in the NFL
We truly have our franchise quarterback I’m crying tears of joy
#TEEEEEEEEE
"This sub: we don’t run enough!

Also this sub: why are we running?!"
Lions fan here burrow looks amazing
Our defense just went from Waterboy to Radio
anyone else already feeling a bit sick to their stomach?
Can’t ever wrap up the QB. Always getting gashed by non mobile QBs. Lamar will have 200 on this team
Leave it the Bengals defense to erase any good feelings you get watching this team.
When will these fucking NFL coaches learn. Playing it safe on D leads the the other team fucking scoring. God fucking damnit
This defense is appalling
A kneel? Is Marvin lewis back?
Joe shaking his head on the way to take a knee is my spirit animal.
Jesus there might as well not even be a fucking O line
We lost.
"So who gets fired first? Lou is a must-fire, but there’s a very good case to let Taylor go as well. This team shows very poor discipline and crumbles when it matters."
"I find it funny how we haven't gotten blown out any game yet, but it feels like we have."
If we blow a 3 and 19 I swear to god
BENCH HART'S TRASH ASS
FUCKING BLOCK YOU GUYS ARE USELESS
Every single play someone breaks through the line. Just ridiculous.
[deleted]
Keep telling me how billy price is good and jut needs more reps
This O line is dogshit.
REPLACE THE LINE.
Price might be worse than Hart
This O-Line is absolute garbage. How the fuck are they so bad?
Any team that watches us play and doesn't line their best pass rushers up over Hart and whoever is at RG 100% of the time should immediately fire their defensive coordinator.
"Andrew Luck was a unit and took that shit longer than he should have. JB isn't built like that, he will go down and will potentially ruin his career if he keeps taking this punishment. What a joke."
"Cincinnati, please for the love of god don't let Burrow end up like David Carr. This is your once in a generation talent. Ask for a better Oline or riot"
Imagine being zac taylor and being pumped that you were able to steal your good ole boy pal from a&m to coach this shitty o line
Why are they stopping the clock?
So many eagle injuries for a win over the bengals. Hefty price to pay
This is hilarious. It’s bengals vs bengals
This is the dumbest game I've ever seen haha
"I am pretty close to hopping off the Taylor train. He and his staff run the simplest schemes. No aggression, completely reactionary on defense. Very contained on offense, no shots down field. I'm not sure last year just completely overwhelmed him and now he doesn't want to coach his team out of a game, but I don't want to waste Burrow's formative years in the league on someone who's pretty obviously over his head."
#ZAC TAYLOR IS ASS
"I said it last year when everyone was talking about the draft.  We can take a QB round 1 but they’re going to get annihilated.  Burrow was a no brained pick, but the front office did nothing to address this disgrace of a line."
Bengals gotta draw out our losses and make them as painful as ever 😭😭
I want us to get good again ASAP. It would be nice to get a decent announcing crew.
Come on. Don't start like this again. Please... It's too early in the day.
Number six for Wentz! I was counting on at least one of those today.
LETS GO DEFENSE
WILSON AND THE DT
"I hate being so delayed. I launch this chat and see ""who got the tip"". 

Welp yay!"
Reader has been absolutely huge. I can't wait to see him and Geno together
This is comedy.. i can't take this seriously right now
I think actual garbage mounds would do a better job to slow down this offense then what is currently on the field.
Hubbard laid off Wentz’s leg. He could have shredded his knee.
[deleted]
"Wow, Hubbard made 2 tackles.

Get him a MERIT BADGE!"
For them to come out of that with just a field goal is bad on Philadelphia. Crazy.
Finally a god damn sack
fred johnson is still on the team lmao
Fucking pathetic offense
why are we in love with 2nd and long runs? I dont understand the playcalling
"False start in a completely empty, silent stadium."
Soo.....no unnecessary roughness?
Well at least the Bearcats are good lmfao
I may just be biased but the refs seem blind whenever the eagles commit a penalty
A STOP? By MY Bengals?
#FUCK PENNSYLVANIA
#BURROW IS HURT THIS IS A NATIONAL EMERGENCY
Dude can someone light a fire under this lines ass? I mean my goodness
This O Line would struggle to stop a High School team.
FUCK THIS BLOCKING. This is TRASH.
I fucking hate this team
I wish I could get paid millions of dollars to be a complete useless bum at my job.
Fat Randy has has become fatter Randy
I mean...at least our defense looks less terrible...just don't remind the Eagles that they can run the ball all over us (But omg please save Joe from this abuse how will he survive 13 more weeks of this)
Seems to me they are purposely targeting Joe
Baltimore is gonna hang a hundred on this defense. If Carson Wentz can run like that.....
What a real quick whistle to call that dead
Bates is playing *much* better today.
How do you miss that block on the screen? There was one person
"“Close call” shut the fuck up, that was obviously PI"
FINALLY
Is Higgins a better option than AJ at this point in their careers
Right after a fucking Timeout
Hahahaha seriously how!?!?!?  How the fuck was he that wide open
**FIRE LOU ANARUMO**
momentum gone thanks Randy
A time out leads to a touchdown lol nice coaching bums
Jesus christ that D scheme was suspsect.  Just stay man to man on 3rd and 8.
So our DC is garbage with that call. But we already knew that.
D coordinator needs to get fucked lol
I get that it’s just not how the Bengals have ever operated but why do we keep giving these trash players and trash coaches chances time after time after time?
The oline makes me want to walk into oncoming traffic.
Will the cardiac cats make a 2nd half comeback and win this thing?
What contact?
Wtf was that weak ass call
Lmao there’s no penalty there
Five people. It took five people to get a sack. And then the sack doesn’t count because of a penalty.
What a fucking ghost call on that dpi
A stop on 3rd down. I havent seen that for a long time!
Should be 10-9. 10-12 at worse. But we got Lou’d at the end of the second half
I think AJ has played his best games. The dude on the field now isn’t the same man.
We’re driving down the field throwing the ball so let’s run it and lose a couple of yards
That was a filthy fuckin route Boyd just ran.
Burrow is good. Fuck this kid is good. And goddamn Higgins. I love the youth movement on offense.
Carson Wentz is not very good.
Hell yeah Dddddddddddddd
Fuckin decent boys
Eagles players dropping left and right my goodness
He dislocated his elbow
I cant believe this is the same Eagles Team that won a superbowl a few years ago.
A TD is a must here. We got to put them away
Stop running football they have no one in their secondary PLEASE
Why would you run on a 2nd and 10 when Burrow has completed 12 of his last 13 passes? What a stupid play call.
don’t look now: we are not an awful football team. and Joe Burrow is fucking GOOD.
I don't like any of the last 3 plays
That's a TD if Wentz could hit the broadside of a barn
The eagles are us from last year. Decimated by injuries. Red headed qb that needs to be benched and put a rookie out there with a team full of back ups. Good rb in a shitty situation.
Green was PUMPED lol
You can challenge that???
I want to die 🌈
lol suck it Philly. Challenge that.
"After billy price came in, this offense went off. Jim turner is a friggin joke. All talk. Billy held his own all second half against cox."
Glad to have a QB that isn’t made of glass
WJIII doing his best Dre impression
#STOP BLOWING THIS FUCKING GAME
Oh my fucking god every week with this. Every time we NEED the defense to make a stop they just give everything away
"Bengals defense are in the ""Hold Our Beer"" package.  
sigh."
Cincinnati and giving up points in the last 2 minutes....like clockwork.
I already know how this games gona end... damn
"we have stop playing off the line this much

they have plenty of time to go down the field, we changed everything that was working"
"If we lose, Anarumo needs to be fired."
Good lord where have I seen this before? Bengals have the lead and start handing out penalties like Costco samples.
I'm looking for a flag after every play.
Will Pederson go for 2?
Good ole Bengals failing to stop the Qb form running on 3rd down
[deleted]
What an awful defensive drive
DAMN IT! Thought we had a sack and give that up
No holding on Dunlap? oh... okay
Another whiffed sack
They are making Carson Wentz look like Harry Houdini in the pocket
All you can do is laugh
I honestly hate this team man..why do i watch this shit lol
Bend and don’t break defense for the past two decades.
"Stunt on these hoes, Joey."
I just want to celebrate a Burrow win.
So now can you guys shut the fuck up with your “Thats game” shit?
Billy Price put up literally zero resistance.
Terrible call on that hold giving the Eagles the ball...garbage.
The team has had plenty of chances to win and they simply do not take advantage. A loss would be well deserved and this sucks.
This is like watching bum fights
every time we do something good we get a penalty it hurts
Must be nice to have more than two seconds to throw
Is being a Bengals fan always pain?
Is Elliott gonna give us the middle finger and put a 50 yard attempt through the uprights?
I've never seen two teams fighting so hard for a tie.
According to my fitbit my heart rate is 97 bpm just sitting here.  Theyre going to kill me some day...
Thats WHY we drafted Davis-Gaither
Bengals better score here. Ties are the worst.
so.. should the bengals run out the clock or go for the win.. smh. wth.
Sorriest OL in football
It’s so hard to watch this offensive line man.
This O line should be ashamed of themselves
Do other fan bases have such an unanimous call for benching of a random lineman as we do for Bobby Hart? I feel like that’s a position the typically goes overlooked unless you are just so obviously bad
i know if a bengals DB had played that close to the ball. it would have been a flag. shrug.
Billy price you are beyond useless
"lol they are saying the eagles have been on fire with the sacks when its really just our oline being that bad. It doesn't matter who we are playing their d line will be ""on fire""."
What a complete embarrassment.
How can a unit be allowed to continuously fuck up so badly and still have jobs. Yall are trash
It blows my mind how the Bengals haven't gotten blown out every game the way we play.
Only the Bengals D can blitz and not get pressure
":\


Terrible. Really unfortunate we had to watch another quarter of this."
Just hand it off the rest of the season and draft all linemen. Not worth risking Burrow.
Is it sad that I just want this game to be over.
I would be completely okay trading all of our picks for a couple proven linemen
i don’t even wanna look at what we could’ve gotten with the pick we wasted on price
This is the most bumblefuck officiating crew I've seen so far this year.
WHY CALL A TIMEOUT???????
is zac taylor a plant? why is he calling a timeout
If he misses we would have awesome field position
"Holy shit, ZT strategy might have worked Hahahaha"
The Bengals are now on pace to give up 75 sacks this season.  That is 1 shy of the record held by the expansion Texans.
Eagles might as well still try to kick it.
"lol shame this has to be a tie, just give them both losses"
A RUN. A FUCKING RUN.
Wentz smiling after throwing the pick reminds me so much of Andy Dalton.
How the fuck wasnt that a flag?!
"I don’t want to start in on him too soon, but why is Zac Taylor calling HB screens when he’s got 10 seconds left in the half to score"
"I feel so bad for joe, he’s gonna hate us and this organization"
Third game in a row that Jonah gets cooked on the opening drive.
“Well it’s a 2nd and 10 and we’re averaging 0 yards a carry...... better run the ball”
"Well at least we won’t go 0 and 16, just 0-15-1"
"I have Drew Sample in all of my FanDuel lineups. Cheap as hell, and he looked great against the Browns. Also added Higgins to one at the last minute once Ross was declared a healthy scratch. Super excited to see these guys start, and win or lose I think our offense is gonna feast!"
"I think today has got to be when the Burrow to Green connection really gets going. AJ barely practiced all reasoning camp with good hamstring issue, and they didn't have any practices in between the Chargers and Browns games. I haven't seen anything about Green being limited, so I'm hoping that the full week+ of full go has been a chance to actually get on the same page with Joey."
"Burrow now knows the feeling of losing, lets start making that memory fade today."
Jonah looks terrible
"ABUSED by that DE. 

We might need Sewell so we can kick Williams to RT."
Why would we not run the ball
Our line lol
Williams looked REALLY bad on that chip.
Jonah did a good job escorting the pass rusher to burrow there.
Wilson let’s goooo
Let's go!!
OHHH SHITT
READER-WILSON NEW PLAYER PICK 🚨🚨🚨
That wasn't Burrow's issue right there
I really want them to go for it. But I know it’s not a smart move.
As I say almost every game. WE NEVER GET THE GOD DAMN SACK
Lol he was still inbounds
Lou has got to go.
So can we fire our dc
Man this defense is terrible. I'm glad it held but every play it's so easy to make 8 yards.
Hey our defense figured out you should finish the tackle instead of letting him escape and run for 15 yards!
What the fuck is this playcalling
This team is hard to watch
Damn that drive was sexy...
So when do we start casting blame to Zac Taylor?
Worst play calling I have ever seen
Holy SHIT we look bad
"Please God no not the staple of the Marvin era 

RUN

RUN

PASS

PUNTTTT"
At least the Reds can play meaningful sports
fuck that anti semitic piece of shit
FUCK MALIK JACKSON HE CAN GO STRAIGHT TO HELL
"If I'm one of our oline, I'm going after Malik for that hit"
Dude I honestly feel bad when joe gets cracked like that. They need to get him a god damn line
"At some point, joes gotta go off on these lazy fucking bums blocking for him. Get in their shit, Joe."
This team definitely looks like it’s coached by guys that have never had valuable coaching experience
"I legitimately feel bad for Joe, he deserves so much better than the shitty blocking he’s been given."
Fam we have 53 total yards nearly halfway through Q2.
"no worries, Joe will get his stats once they're behind far enough and Philly start playing prevent"
"I want burrow wrapped in bubble wrap, put Finley in as a martyr for the rest of the year draft an O-line"
We seem to have problems with blocking and tackling.
"This is the old Bengals. Cowardly, passive, let your QB get crunched, still no life, do not enforce boundaries against the offending player. There's no urgency, attitude or identity on this team. It's soft and uninspired. 

Zac Taylor and Lou Anarumo need to pack their shit and get the fuck out of Cincinnati. There is no reason this ENTIRE TEAM should be performing like this. Zac Taylor is 2-16 (looking to be 2-17) in the last 18 games. He gave the Bengals the worst season in franchise history (THAT'S saying something).

I think Zac Taylor has shown what he is and his entire staff is a decided failure. Time to move on."
I swear if we don’t get points on this drive.
Did he just call a timeout bc he wasn't in the mood to get smoked by the blitz
Randy’s belly keeps him balanced.
Why were all three wide receivers in the same spot.  Guaranteed to be defended
Wtf was that play design???
We need a fucking o line.  Trade for some.  Idc who we trade to get them anymore.  Jesus
Good shit. Hope for a misssssss. Doubt Elliott misses tho
ill take another 3 both teams are sorry lmaoo
Damn we just got finessed out of 3 points
I think that was the most time burrow has had
That step up and manuver in the pocket and throw to Tate right there is what Burrow does best. Andy could never do that.
Why was the time running down?
Holy shit was that a downfield completion
"The thing Bobby hart does best, point to an opponent anytime there's a flag"
Yeah playing Ross over Tate was really stupid.
TD Burrow to Higgins!!!
Drawing that flag is better than anything Ross has done all year.
"Good play design, good execution. Good job boys"
Gonna love seeing Burrow to TEE for the next era
They need to play this 2-minute offense all game long.
Some decent play calling on that drive finally.
That’s my quarterback!!!!
Feelings of F U T U R E intensify.
WE HAVE A LEAD???
Great drive. We suck but burrow is our franchise qb
That's a flag you don't see often. Go fat randy
"First time a Bengals player wearing #9 passes a TD to a Bengals player wearing #85 since November 11th, 2010"
Fat Randy keeping us balanced
Lmao dude has 51 career fumbles??
Can both teams just agree to bump up the ‘Pass Blocking’ slider for the second half?
“They are not a good Zone D”. I have never agreed more with a statement in my life
Wide open. How?
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
Figures lmao
Wish I could post a picture of trash inside a game thread.
"Lou, your play calling is garbage."
Hello darkness my old friend...
Well we had the lead for like 30 seconds gametime
That should tell you all you need to know about our defense and defensive coaching. I would rather watch a three legged dog fuck a fire hydrant
I fuckikg hate out Zone D
being a bengals fan is just so difficult
Well at least we tried to do something and didn’t “Marv it” into the half
Why go into half like that
Why call that play smh
"Cool we get a sack. Oh, penalty and an automatic 1st down. Awesome"
Fuck these shit ass refs
What exactly about that warrants a pen tally?
I’m sorry why was that a penalty
ERTZ IS THE ONLY GUY THEY HAVE JUST PUT 2 ON HIM
If that's a penalty on the DB I mean... it's impossible playing DB. You look at a guy the wrong way and it's a penalty.
Former Bengal kicking it 54 yards. 😑
damn jake elliott is p good
Hmmm that would be nice to have
Okay okay okay
"burrow is the real deal, but they need to get this man an OL now. not in 5 years. it better damned well be the number 1, number 2, and number 3 priority in free agency and the draft."
[deleted]
atta boyd
"Meanwhile in Chicago, he has returned:

**BIG**

**DICK**

**NICK**"
Boyd is balling
"I’m sorry man I’ve said it since the Chargers game, AJ has lost his step. I hate to say it and hate to see it but it is what it is. Thanks AJ for your time and contributions to the team. Boyd and Higgins are the future."
I guess this is what happens when you put the Pro Bowl right guard Billy Price in lolol
JB TO TB IS DEADLY
Could you imagine how scary this offense would be with an above average o-line?
#9 to 85
Incoming Higgins jersey purchase
flanker dig on madden
"I'm sold, trade Ross for anything we can get, even a conditional 7th. We dont need him blocking Higgins and Tate"
Could this be the fabled “Halftime Adjustments” I hear so often?
I can't wait for Joe's NFL portrait next year. He's going to look like a 12 year veteran who got in a fight with a shark during the off-season.
Burrow went 7/7 for 78 yards on that drive.. #NEWDEY
I loved seeing joe jump up and down on that lol
We need to not play Marvin Lewis ball here. We need to play to win instead of playing to not lose. Lets keep the pressure up and our defense off the field
#FUCKING WOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
Ugh fucking gross
"Burrow jumped higher than anyone in that sideline during the pick. 

\*TO crying\*

*That's* my QB"
we love running on 2nd and 10
Damn Joe is strong. 4 dudes on him still back to the LOS
i like that they are targeting auden in the end zone
we took uzomah for granted man. miss him
Hubbard straight up whiffed
Dude he looks just like Andy
LoL at these announcers... they didn't prepare at all.  Messing up names left and right.
ATTENTION MANGEMENT GET THIS MAN AN OLINE AND WE WILL WIN A SUPERBOWL.
Dear god that was beautiful.
"Fuck off, Pederson."
I don't understand in those situations why they don't rush to the line and call something. Gives them way too much time to watch replays and see if they want to challenge
Doug Pederson eats his steak with ketchup
That's the dumbest fuckinf rule man
So you can challenge this but not the other bad calls that have cost us games????
"He fucking pushed him, what's he meant to do you dumb fucking cunt"
FUCK YOUR CHALLENGE BITCH
That's some retro Gio right there
Why not just push all the receivers out of bounds? Then no one could catch the ball legally!
Bernard said FUCK your officiating
"BIG RUN, LETS FUCKING GO"
I'm scared of fat Randy in a potential clutch kick here.
# 9 to 85
Fuck I thought Higgins was gonna die after that. Glad he stood right back up.
Hahaha when we prefer a false start to a run play
"Just stand there and watch, Hart"
I hate this O line ugh
Nothing like a good old fashioned heartbreaking last minute bengals loss
Bengals no Bungling Bengals no Bungling
Just hand them the game secondary Jesus Christ
The Bungaling is commencing
"We basically just gifted them 30 yards, come on man"
I’m starting to think the NFL would like for the bengals to be named “the Washington generals”. Ref football would indicate this
"Too many DC's go to prevent defense to early waaayyy to early.

The CBS are 10 yards back on the majority of these"
please close out a game for once
CAN THAT GOAL LINE D FROM THE BROWNS GAME SHOW UP PLS
I’m  trying to be positive.
It’s never easy with this team! Ffs
Every play I’m holding my breath
f word
Why can this defense not fucking tackle anyone
**Brandon Wilson TAKE MY ENERGY**
I somehow knew our defense would find a way to fuck it up.
Bonus Viewpoint: Bonus Burrow Action
Anarumo was Marvin Lewis all along.
I hate when teams kneel it and go into overtime
Thank God huber was there to win that toss
In case it wasn’t obvious for ZT. Don’t run the ball
Snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. The 2020 Cincinnati Bengals defense.
This may be the worst OLine I’ve seen.
Nobody wants this game. Good fucking lord.
Billy price and bobby hart on an o line wow amazing
"Every time the Bengals show some sign of hope, there's a damn flag thrown."
Absolutely fucking embarrassing
I’m so freaking riled up.
See you next week.
I’m going to be sick
I had goals today and now I just want to drink
"I can’t watch this team any more man I just can’t, it’s just not fun anymore"
guess ertz is getting that extension tomorrow
That was really embarrassing from the bengals defense holy shit
Go Reds.
I am going to say it. ZT has no damn killer instinct. Guy treats the damn team like it's a pee wee squad about to go to pizza after the game. Fucker doesn't want to win.
the eagles screwing this up is our only hope. its sort of amazing they dont want the win either..
BIG STOP COME ON
"I really don't mean to be yet another downer here, but Taylor really needs to have a fire under his ass right now. There's no way the plan for the rebuild involves these playcalls moving forward. This whole coaching staff is looking as sus as an Among Us character.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Fixed a typo"
Think that’s the first time I’ve seen the Bengals have absolutely everyone covered when the play breaks down. Was wondering what that feels like
Being an LSU/Bengal fan might be the death of me this year
C’mon Burrow FINISH THEM
Come on my bdubs waitress wants me to leave already
Nice! Now what are the chances we actually score here?
I’m so fucking tired of this Graham guy
Fuck this OLine Jesus Christ
This would be hard to watch even without a rooting interest.
"The Bengals are a very solid team, with absolutely no O line.

This is disturbing. Every single play, someone beats a block.

Burrow is great. But I dont see him lasting more than another game or two.

Mike Brown needs to make some moves."
"I am firmly believing we have coach issues, this team just seem have no desire nor understanding on how to win"
Gg boys if somethin doesn’t change with the o line I’m out
He had a solid second to pass ... wth is Burrows problem?  /sarcasm
BILLY PRICE FUCKING SUCKS
So fucking bad. Joe hadn’t finished his drop back and he got blown up
Billy Price shouldn't be on the team.
Whoever is deciding to keep Bobby Hart should be fired
Lmao trash ass fat fuck offensive line
Can the FO please trade anything for OL help. Jesus a Christ.
This is the way
Zac taylor the type of guy to be happy about being able to tie
Team is cursed.
I'll be honest. I'd rather lose than tie. I don't want a friggin consolation prize.
Jim turner needs to be gone by the trip home
god I hate billy price
As a lifelong Bengals fan how am I not an alcoholic yet?
what deity did the Bengals organization piss off? this team is cursed
Why did we take a timeout?
[deleted]
both teams really tryna tie
This is bonkers
Their first non- loss!!!
What a fuckin waste of 4 hours
"This was an appropriate game, befitting of 2020."
This offensive line can't win.
"Y'all need to be optimistic. Its legitimately sad to see some of you guys be like ""RIP 2020 Bengals"" if the Bengals dont win every game 80-0. Bad plays happen to everybody."
How is that not a flag...
Ah so Fletcher Cox is also a fucking dick.
It’s time to get the rioters turn their attention towards Paul Brown stadium.
At this point Burrow has to be regretting not refusing to play for us if we drafted him
MMMMM BABY INJECT THAT SHIT STRAIGHT INTO MY **DICK**
We traded a coach that couldn't win in the playoffs to a coach that just can't win.
There was no holding by Price on that play.
I’m done with this coaching staff
Joe Burrow is getting all the sacks he never got in college
[deleted]
White Claw  #1 in hand
Can the bengals win this game? Be HONEST.
"if the Reds can make the playoffs, the Bengals can win one game. Let's go."
Feed that man Mixon baby good run
Should of gave it to Mixon again
I hope the Eagles sound guy boos them again this week lol
Was that tipped?
Yay!
Let’s go!!!
YES baby.
Big boy DJ with the tip
3rd round pick baby!!! There's those instincts!
Btw Logan Wilson was randomly DROY in my madden franchise and the Bengals made it to the AFC championship. And I was playing as the Raiders.
Run the fucking ball
[deleted]
Go for it pussies
Why not go for it?
nice catch alex
"I trust burrow to get 4and 2. Jesus he was 5-5 last game. If you’re near the 50 and it’s 2 or less yards, GO FOR IT EVERYTIME"
Zac Taylor is a fraud.
GO TEXANS!!
We need geno back so bad
"With our complete inability to get off the field on 3rd downs. We really need to be more aggressive on offensive 4th downs. Great punt Huber, horrible execution defense."
MAKE A DAMN TACKLE
Do you think they know they are allowed to sack the QB
The Bengals are every opposing teams remedy....
Look we're already gonna fuck ourselves over we can't have the refs against us
Defense did a lot of talking after the last game about needing to be better. I see that did a lot of good.
Finally Hubbard
Finally
Oh my god....we got a sack
Holy fuck get a sack. What a bunch of clowns.
Finally
KEEP IT UP SAM
Is Jeff Fisher available? Cuz im so ready for 8-8 again
Excellent coverage on that 3rd down goal line stand.
I completely forgot we even had that second drive
"Come on, guys, I need this to trash talk my Eagles friend this week."
"Can't run back to back like that. If you get nothing on a run, you can't do it again unless it is disguised."
Taylor is Dave Shula 2.0
I love mixon too but throw him the ball instead maybe I mean damn
When does the reds game start lol
Three drives and not a single pass attempt of more than 15 yards. Great play calling Zac.
[deleted]
So many commercial breaks wtf
Eagles O-line making the Bengals O-line look like the Great Wall of Dallas rn
What y’all are doing to Peters is elder abuse lmao
What the FUCK Jackson yuh piece of shit
Absolute cheap shot
And nearly hit again.... We need a fucking bridge QB asap
Where is Andrew whiteworth when you need him
That wasn’t as much on the OL as it was just dumbass blocking assignments
Pretty sure I could apply pressure on burrow with this offensive line
"I think ""O Line"" has been the most-used phrase in our game threads for like 4 seasons and we still haven't fixed it."
It almost makes me sick watching this o-line. I physically can’t enjoy watching burrow get fucking rocked every drop back
"The fucking O line just saw the season flash before their eyes when burrow got hit that hard, and what do they?? Let him get hit again. Do they not realize that that man is our fucking franchise right now?? Jesus christ"
"This shit just can’t keep going on with Burrow.

Bengals are going to ruin this kid, wtf"
I'm convinced Taylor doesn't understand blocking schemes. there's no way a line can be this bad
"The way burrow pops up, tossed the ball to the ref, and jogs right to the side line is exactly how I feel. I think it's finally setting in for burrow. It's not a fluke. It's not two bad games..."
We may get the #1 pick again.
"These o-linemen should have a pic of burrow on their nightstand. He should be the first thing they see when they wake up and the last thing they see when they go to bed. That's how badly they should want to protect this guy. Anything less than that, they should not be on this team."
We'll get the ball near midfield and then punt after a short rush and pressure/sack.
wtf was that #30 eagles player
"I think we should give Taylor some leeway until the front office gives him an NFL offensive line, because it doesn’t matter who coaches this team with that O-line."
If we don’t score here here I come Reds
This offense would be so good with even just a below average o line.
Third and 2 and were in shotgun.
fck the eagles dirty defense
It's 3-3 but feels way worse than that
when was the last time we got a 1st down?
O-LINE has been shit for 5 years. Nothing has been done. How can you have the worst o line in the league for 5 straight years?
You know that feeling of hope you sometimes get? I don’t have that.
"Fuck it, I'll take my Ban on the Eagles sub, too many people celebrating the hit on Burrow so I said I hope the Bengals retaliate with the same on Wentz. They were not happy. Hypocrisy at its finest."
"I feel like this Bengals organization should be charged for criminal negligence for putting Burrow behind this line. It's inexcusable that Taylor is coaching a team that week-to-week is putting a human being behind that line. Organizational management is complicit by continuing to employ Taylor who nonchalantly keeps putting this product out there. I would have fired Taylor for doing nothing to address the offensive line this past offseason with the draft.

The funny thing is this Oline is EXACTLY what I figured it would be. If I can see it, being an armchair QB, then why can't this organization? There's a core streak of incompetence in play that is rotting this organization from the top down."
thank god reds are in
They would blow it dead way early
we can't afford refball smh
Bates is ready to bang
"Not trying to jinx, but our halftime adjustment seem to do well."
Burrow is such a good passer. If we could protect him we'd actually be a good team
No chance Ross would have caught that lmao
I fucking love Tee Higgins
I swear to god if we don’t get a TD I’ll shit
The weird thing is though. I have Confidence in Joe's ability to throw the ball. If this were Andy I'd be thinking batted passes and picks.
Loving this new 9 to 85 connection. Looks to be coming alive today
John Ross doesn't draw that flag. Gotta keep Tate in
Let’s fucking go!
Yeeaaaaaa boiiii!
LSU fan here. That touchdown play was an exact copy of a play we would run at the goalline. Cool to see
Joe burrow under two minutes left in the half is something special
Fat Randy does it again
Can someone tear gas the announcers booth please
Cant even enjoy this touchdown for a minute before we kick the ball put of bounds on the following kickoff. Then next play in fg range.  What did we do to deserve this?!?
Welp. Back to pessimism
Carl Lawson has been everywhere
If that wasn't a bengals way to end a half idk what is
So FUCKING Bengals....my god.
If we are so bad at zone defense then why the f*** are we playing it?
lol
Unforgivable
What does Lou start with? L
"""timeout. Gotta get the defense set up""

""Lol nah"""
16 seconds is enough time for our defense to go fuck themselves.
I hate hate hate hate hate being a bengals fan
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Halftime|HOU|21|@|17|PIT|
|Halftime|CIN|10|@|13|PHI|
|Halftime|SF|16|@|6|NYG|
|Halftime|LV|10|@|13|NE|
|Halftime|TEN|9|@|17|MIN|
|14:22 3rd|WAS|7|@|17|CLE|
|12:21 3rd|LA|3|@|21|BUF|
|Halftime|CHI|10|@|16|ATL|
|Final|MIA|31|@|13|JAX|
|Sun 09/27 04:05 PM ET|CAR|-|@|-|LAC|
|Sun 09/27 04:05 PM ET|NYJ|-|@|-|IND|
|Sun 09/27 04:25 PM ET|DAL|-|@|-|SEA|
|Sun 09/27 04:25 PM ET|TB|-|@|-|DEN|
|Sun 09/27 04:25 PM ET|DET|-|@|-|ARI|
|Sun 09/27 08:20 PM ET|GB|-|@|-|NO|
|Mon 09/28 08:15 PM ET|KC|-|@|-|BAL|"
can we please feed mixon more? he has 2x 1000+ rushing yds...
WHERE IS THE NEW DEY
Our offensive line couldn’t stop a nose bleed
Fire Lou Remember-the-Alamo
"Fire literally everyone, then bench Joe so he doesn’t die."
our o-line playin like they started the eagles defense and they gotta play their father in law this week
[deleted]
Hellen Keller could’ve saw a slant to ertz incoming
Ray Charles could call a better game than these refs holy shit
What is that for
the dude ran into Phillips w a t
lets string some good defensive plays together please. its always one good play then 6 bad ones
This play action shit does not work.
"Guys, Price is in. And he doesn't look bad. Am I missing something?"
Burrow is amazing
Boyd is unleashed
Barnett legit got to Mix before the pitch did lmao
What a freaking throw
"Please get Mixon a touchdown, hate that we always abandon the run so early."
Fuck yea Tee for 2!
See Ya Ross.
Tee muthafuckin Higgins! Love these rooks
Can't wait for the next decade of Burrow to Higgins
"Burrow's throws do look fucking special, his accuracy and ability to put shit in such a right place it looks unexpected, we don't deserve him"
Trade Ross?
This sub needs bipolar medication
HOLY SHIT WE COVERED A TE!!!
Good lord their secondary has died
Love interceptions in front of the bench!
YESSSSSSSSSSS. Inject this quarter into my veins.
Burrow can fucking thread the needle
Good catch from AJ
"Going back to 2015, the Bengals have drafted seven offensive linemen, and I can't think of a single one that they have hit on.  Whoever is scouting them needs to be fired, and hire someone who knows what they are doing."
Was Slay's hand pointing down but his elbow pointing Up? That looked kinda nasty
Red headed qbs just tend to be inconsistent from my analysis
Tate’s routes are garbage.
Good pressure but shit tackling. Should have been no gain but got 4 out of it
Nice fucking tackle
Theres so many missed opportunities by players to get a tackle in the backfield and we let them off the hook.
"Damn, I don’t even think Wentz was going after Ertz."
Uggghh thats so frustrating! Get a stop D!
Good defense Wentz.
Wow good thing Wentz is garbage
We just handed Wentz a TD and he said Nah
Caker Wentzfield
Mixon has to try and break a tackle 5 yards deep every time lol
THROW IT AWAY MY ASS
Reminds me of when he did that shit to Clemson!
Burrow is the fucking TRUTH
#JOE MOTHER FUCKING BURROW!!!
"You can challenge that, but not a fumble before forward progress?"
Wait so why wouldn't you push all the recievers out of bounds or down if they aren't in the pocket? That makes no sense at all
lmao you can challenge that but we can’t challenge OPI on green anymore in week 1
That rule is dumb as fuck. Did he not just say he was illegally forced out?
Hahaha fuck you Pederson
THE MUSTACHE
Suck it Refs!!! Gooooo Giooooo
Bah Gawd Bernard! They had a family!
That’s such a dumb penalty. If the player come back in bounds before the throw you should not be “first touching” as the QB ha the ball
yes!
Never been so happy to see a penalty
Hart got bullied. Again.
This line is awful
"Cheers to those not only drinking, but enjoying the green colored herb as well."
STOP HELPING THEM OUT SECONDARY
We’re driving for them at this point
What the hell are we doing!?!?
We’re going to blow this
Our D can’t stop back up receivers
Good lord can we just get out of our own way
I don’t want my heart broken again.
"The refs have let them play all game, why all the penalties now?!"
Flashbacks to THAT playoff game.
Bengals defense pretends to be competent until it actually matters
Making sure Burrow doesn't get the ball back
"I hope we win, I feel like the locker room will implode if we continue to suck"
Fuck this team
Fuck our pathetic D
at least they didnt go for 2? haha
Why the fuck do I even care anymore?
Fuck me sacks all over the place make a tackle!!
Fuck this team. Our DC has got to go.
hopefully the football gods give us the ball first
Finally won a coin toss!
"Randy, put the hammy in the microwave bc we are going need you warmed up and ready to go"
If we don't get a TD we lose I am once again asking Joe Burrow for his support in hard carrying this sorry ass team
9 > 18 Let's Go!
A punt right here is basically conceding defeat
"Welp, its on the D....sigh"
"Whatever happens, I hope Turner and Anarumo are fired tonight."
Two routes didn’t even leave the line of scrimmage
It’s not over boys ... heads up.
"Why throw it to slay and ward, that's why we have such depth at wr"
The inconsistency of our team is fucking astonishing.
[deleted]
BILLY PRICE IS DICK!!! Imagine drafting him over Lamar
That's a hold now????
The right side of this line is legit the worst G-T pair in the NFL. Nobody can change my mind.
"It’s gonna end in a tie without Donovan McNabb or Marvin Lewis, what kind of time warp did I fall into."
Ok that's game.
This OT is even bad for Fantasy.
damn hot mics
This is the way
"Hahaha, yeah."
I am in misery\~
I think this commentator wants to sleep with wentz
Only us. This team is fucking terrible
Well if we don't beat the Jaguars next week it might be a while for that first win. I don't see another winnable game till November
So you're telling me there's a chance
Eagles trying to lose too
htf did the eagles screw that up. rotfl.
this anxiety...i cant
this freaking OL. omg. grrr.
Who had Philly D in fantasy?
Our o line needs to step it the fuck up!!!
Taylor playing for the tie
Bobby Hart is so good! Future pro bowler!!
Hahaha 8 sacks. This offensive line can suck my sack.
can burrow get some help???
Fuck this fucking line. Absolute trash.
#PAIN
Just lose. Fuck tying.
O-line... suuuuuucks
Jim Turner needs to be fired tonight.
Heads need to roll. This team is incapable of winning.
This CAN’T happen all year. Trade people. Something. I seriously don’t want Burrow getting hit this much.
How can anyone make on the O Line respect themselves? Absolutely pathetic showing
"Hey, maybe we'll uhh. Tie. Yea. Cool. Congrats on the L offensive line. You sacks of shit. You don't deserve a paycheck."
Jesus this line was absolute trash in OT. Completely their fault for this loss
Trash offensive line to blame for another loss. Turner has got to go.
I’m sorry Burrow. You don’t deserve this bullshit.
His helmet literally touches down on the 44...lmao
Whats worst?  FC Cincinnati scoring or the Bengals offensive line?
I want an actual  o lineman
10 second run off here right??
What the fuck are these timeouts for?
Lmao we really have no fucking clue do we
"We about to celebrate a tie, aren't we?"
"64 yarder loss would be a pretty Bengals way to lose

Edit: lmao"
this is so sorry
Eagles are cowards lol
Just FML
Lol both of these teams are such dog shit.
One of the worst games I have seen in a very long time.
"STUPID PLAY 

Why FAIR CATCH it?

Just let it hit. Nothing good can come from a fair catch at the 10 in that scenario."
One shot downfield. And they run.
"LMAO

I don't know why I waste 4 hours watching this team every weekend."
How is that not roughing the passer?
Can we get an ejection for that??? WTFF???
I would not blame Burrow if he just decided not to play the rest of this game (possibly season). Ive never seen a coaching staff so unwilling to change ANYTHING to help protect their rookie QB.
Guys relax we’re down 3 lmao. This sub is so toxic at times
2nd and 10 run.. WHY. Burrow is 13 of his last 14 and the Eagles are down their two starting corners. I don’t get it.
Carson “Andy Dalton” Wentz
Why the fuck are we kneeling it?
Is that Billy who keeps getting pushed all the way back to Burrow?
We have to be one of if not the worst team in the league. Sucks because we always feel so close.
[deleted]
Waste of a play. Running on second and long is sooooo dumb
"water is wet, Trump is a moron, and Bengals can’t stop TE’s."
That punt turned out to be useless. They drove down and got 3 anyway.
And watching Jake Elliott excel is just another reminder of the horrible roster management of Duke Tobin.
"Lou needs to be gone, all you need to do is play zone!  They had no timeouts!"
Okay. That's it. I have seen enough of the Zac Taylor era. How dumb are you dropping back with 3 seconds left in the half? Just wow.
Could u imagine a team cutting Jake Elliot... what idiots
Oh my god slays arm 🤮
Don't put a LB on a RB next time
Joe doesn't deserve this garbage ass defense
gg
You know both teams are losers when they both play for the tie.
1-2 HERE WE COME!!!
I have a good feeling about this game. I'm 0-2 in my Burrow jersey so going tried and true with the AJ jersey. Need to see improvements on defense big time but I'm a believer.
Joe Burrow gives me mad Kurt Warner vibes. If he has a good o-line he will fucking thrive.
Good god Dunlap
BOOM!  Who got the tip?
YEAHHHH
Reader earning those checks!
That play is readers as well. Let's hope they keep this momentum!
I feel like the majority of our play makers are rookies now lol
Did Reader tip it?
What the fuck was that? That throw and that no catch were bizarre.
Why the hell are they taking a time out?
Man burrow is hit every single down
Come on line why does Mixon gotta make something from nothing literally every damn time
Abysmal
"Pinned them inside of the 10, it was the right call as much as I wanted them to go for it too."
Idk why you don’t go for it there. This Bend AND Break Defense isn’t gonna stop them anyway
How the FUCK was that not a sack
Lawson has to finish those plays.
Dunlap is looking washed
"Jesus christ, tackle the fucking qb"
HOW do you not sack him there
"This defense is hard to watch. Zero pass rush, can't stop the run, don't contest any passes. Just horrible."
This is comedy.. i can't take this seriously right now
How the hell do you no get that sack. Twice on one drive. And then a personal foul. WTF
This team sucks so fucking bad. Holy shit.
Idea for a drinking game: one shot for each missed tackle and keep the ambulance on standby
Hubbard. FINALLY
[deleted]
This is going to sound kind of obvious but we need to score
Jordan Reed just went down for the 49ers. At this rate they'll be an all practice squad team.
BRANDON YOURE OUR BEST PLAYER RETURN THAT BITCH
I hate these commentators lol
I fucking hate football
"They’re daring us to throw, but we can’t"
Where’s our flag?
"Just saw the replay of Burrow going down out of bounds. Took a dive, and I love it. Total gamer."
"Urban Meyer went to UC, his son goes there now, he coached burrow, just sayin"
I know its early but we had 10 days to prepare and this is what were seeing?  Lmao
Lawson finished the sack! Let’s go!
SACK LAWSON
They actually wrapped him up? Nice! Now lets PLEASE get more than 2 yards running up the gut.
Hey at least we have a football team 🤰
Lawson looking good so far
I love seeing the D get fired up! Let’s keep it up
everybody still wishing we signed Peters this offseason?
"Michelob Ultra, the beer for fit people"
Now give Burrow some gooddamn time
"that looked violent in real time, i honestly can’t believe he’s conscious"
That’s awful
Fuck Malik Jackson
FUCK THE EAGLES!!!
KEEO HIM OUT RHE REST OF THE SEASON WE CANT KILL OUR QB EITH THESE BUMS
Burrow won't make it through the season with this miserable line
Dirty fucking hit
All of Cincinnati just blew a collective sigh of relief
Holy fuck...we need to draft straight O line next year or this kid might not last all year taking shots like that.
lol this oline lol
Great blocking guys!!
Joe's already back thankfully
Burrow back boys
This is an all time bad line
That’s some red hot bullshit. Fuck we need to protect our guy better than that. Some one needs to snap and go nuts on these dirty cunts.
can we draft line with every pick pls
Have we complained about this line yet?
Lol how do we have Drew Samples blocking a DE? This coaching staff is a joke.
This fucking o line is going to cost us a franchise qb
"Yes, I'd like to try out for the O-line."
"I like how everyone bitches about how bad the players on this team are, then say fire Taylor. I mean, maybe he does suck, but it’s sure hard to tell with this fucking garbage of a team. We can’t fire Brown though, I guess..."
At what point does Burrow just smack the shit outta the entire o line?
Drew Sample smokes weed and does drugs while on bengals roster and then gets fucked every game HAHAHAHAHA
Wtf is even happening?
I hate Pennsylvania
lmao nice call ref turn on your mic
Of course there’s a false start when we have good field position
Dear God we are worse than the Browns...
"Just seeing the name ""Hart"" in the huddle makes me angry."
"These route trees are terrible. On numerous plays you see multiple receivers within five yards of each other, just ensuring that they're going to be covered by either their man or the man of the teammate next to them"
Holy shit the playcalling is terrible right now.
Zac Taylor’s play calling so vanilla and repetitive.
Lörge Randy deliver us. This offensive playcalling is truly awful.
"Wasn’t a game winner, so he nails it."
I get that Taylor is trying to get burrow out of the pocket and away from the rush. But 3rd and 2?? To limit yourself to the short side of the field
"As to all the Taylor hate, there not much he can do with this shit o line. This all goes onto the front office"
Dunlap did the same shit last week. What the fuck dude
Every time that happens its a whistle with us damn. You never hear whistles that quick
He put it on the ground. They got a gift.
Bates hits like a truck
Burrow dropping DIMES
Tate!
Auden Tate appearance!
"Not counting the tight ends, Higgins is our best receiver"
didn't he go out of bounds at 2:09? or am I going crazy?1
I missed the replay. Should Higgins have caught that ball?
"can we package fred, hart, and ross for a Wendy's #6 with cheese?"
Damn. Mixon got stuffed.
Go either way?!? He fucking pushed him away from the ball? This guy is an idiot.
Tee Higgins TD.
lmfao this announcer is a clown
"Idk if that should have been a flag, flopped the fuck out of it, if I'm an eagles fan I'm so pissed about that"
WOOOOOOO!!!
LETS GO
"Good shit!!! 

#WHO DEY"
You fat fucker. Jesus Christ
Randy you dumb bitch
Fat Randy must’ve pulled a calf
"Unpopular opinion: we should trade the older but good dudes for picks. Like atkins. 

I love him, but we aren't going to be competitive while they're still good."
Why. Fat Randy is killing me man. Lol.
Man our 2 minute offense looks so good every game.
Rotund Randall strikes again.
"Classic. Something goes right, time to fuck things up again."
If you dont like that you don't like Bengals football.
I had a mouthful of stout and couldn't scream at that blown run defense.
This is gonna be the most Bengals end of the half ever.
Apparently they thought they were just gonna cruise into half with a lead...
Carl has stepped up his game
Wow
"Aww, fuckin' hell. My forehead is already sore from banging it on the desk."
sorry ass defense man. they had no timeouts and you give up a td
#firelou
Great call lou....
How tf do you leave a guy uncovered down the sideline
"Released to no one in zone, immediately after a timeout. Sigh."
What the heck was that play call there
and they get the ball first fuhhhh
I genuienly believe I could have made that throw. What the fuck was that.
"If the opponent gets the ball under two minutes might as well give them field goal range to start against this D. They’ll at least score 3. 
And they’d been playing decent overall too..."
"The level of commitment this team has to giving up points in the two minute is unparalleled, it might be the greatest ability in all of the NFL"
We need to hire Gregg Williams as DC once Gase gets canned in NY.
I reaaaally wish I could allow myself to stop rooting for this team
Disgusting defensive scheme
Why must our defense play no defense
"It's close, the defense has looked fine, and Taylor actually makes halftime adjustments.

but we have to win this game our im going to start looking for coaches to get fired."
Maybe Taylor and Lou are setting example for the next coaching staff as what NOT to do
"Lol and no way Brown is going to pay 2 head coaches.

Settle in boys, the Zac Taylor ride is gonna be a long one"
I'm still mad we punted on 4th and 2 but decided to run a play with 3 seconds in the half to get Burrow sacked. I have 0 faith in this coaching staff.
This second half is going to be better.
"SACK

edit ofc we cant have nice things"
WHAT? Wtf was the penalty for!!?
That was the weakest call ever
geez make the initial tackle
Cracked at the line of scrimmage but turns into a 3 yard gain
Nice play Dunlap
We're really about to give up 200 yards on the ground to the eagles aren't we?
Are we actually making stops on 3rd down? Wait I’m sure there was “illegal contact”
"Oh damn, we pulled fred"
Pulled Fred Johnson but Hart is still in watching Joe get crunched
I need a Boyd jersey. Mans stock continues to rise
"Good Job, Mills.

You've pissed off Joe"
Joe is so fucking accurate
I'm honestly beginning to think that our OL players like Price don't like the technique that this Jim Turner guy teaches/coaches and that's why he sits them.
"Wow, protect Burrow, and what do you know... first and goal."
I wonder if I should drop Green and add Boyd to my fantasy football team.
You put Burrow on a halfway decent team and they go to the playoffs his 1st year. Shame the rest of our team outside 3 guys sucks ass.
"EVERY goddamn play... Literally EVERY play there is instantly at least 1-3 people occupying the backfield behind the offensive line. Burrow was literally pressured on a toss before he could turn around. Every play. It's ridiculous. I don't care about the outcome of this game, Turner needs to be fired and the team needs to go out and get someone to fill that role and hire a legitimate offensive coordinator. That's bare minimum. I'd like to see Taylor fired as well."
"Oh shit I didn't realize Price was in, I had a feeling he could be good, has that 1st round pedigree and came into camp jacked and motivated, I'll watch for what he's doing"
#9 to 85
KEEP PRICE OUT THERE
Wish I could watch the reds and Bengals at the same time.
I see Price is in. Fred Johnson benched?
I’m amazed at how good this kid is. We have no business being close in any games we’ve played.
Is joe burrow not celebrating touch downs with his teammates? Am I being paranoid?
Remember that quote from the LSU player about how Burrow turned into a different dude after that UCF cheap shot? Basically what's happening here after that bush league shit from Malik Jackson.
Burrow vs Dalton in the redzone is starkkkk! Burrow is money!
I gotta admit. I’ll have the biggest boner if we pick OL only in the first three rounds of the next draft. Lol.
The confidence booster we needed
"Great play, Sims.

Now lets get #3 for Tee ..."
Thats 2 corners down in 2 drives. And our oline and passing has been great. Fuck I feel bad for the the eagles a bit
If they're down 2 CBs the line really needs to step up big so burrow can pick apart a depleted defense
That shit is broke....
Joe Burrow is. That. DUDE!
Eagles secondary was trash last year and now their good DBs are dropping like flies.
Damn is this what watching good football is like
Burrow looks like a 10 year veteran damn
Good throw. Tate stopped too soon.
Slay got Mo Salah'd
Burrow: “O-lines? Where we’re going we don’t need o-lines!”
Fat Randy’s fatness always baffles me
Two fades and a run on 2nd and 10.  Didn't like the play calling.
Holy shit please do some tackling drills in practice!!!!
#ITS GOING TO ERTZ EVERYTIME JESUS
Lol was that a great throw or luck?
Thank god lol
Thankful that Wentz has erratic accuracy
Thank God Wentz sucks. We didn't deserve that stop.
Please please touchdown on this drive so I can take a deep breath
Is our D playing well or does Wentz just suck that bad?
"You know what, fuck it. I’ll take a lucky bounce going our way for once. WHO DEY!"
TEEEEEE
Gotdang is Burrow not an absolute stud
JOE MFin BURROW
Burrow is Tom Brady who can run.
THATS MY QUARTERBACK!!!!!!!!
Dalton would have 100% crumpled up there
I love Joe Burrow
Magisterial
BRUH
I just came
Joe have my babies
THATS MY QUARTERBACK!!!!!!!
This second half has been night and day from the first. It's actually fun to watch this game now.
"9 to 85, baby!"
Worst refs in the nfl
I hate this shit man.
Fucking bullshit
Refs really want Philly to win
GIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
#GIO
What a dumb rule
Giodude!!!!
WHAAAAAT
Ball don’t lie
What a run!!!! GIOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Thats football for ball dont lie. Fuck you refs
Billy Price had a block!
oh Gio you beautiful bastard :3
Well... the Eagles D coordinator is an idiot... but I’ll take it
Beautiful ass play call.
Just permanently start Price at guard for now. The idea that Fred Johnson wouldve been good 🤢
Alright doesn’t take a fucking genius to realize to stop running the football. It’s killing or drives
I love Higgens shaking the hit off and smiling.
our line sucks
o line is shit
Don’t fuck this up Randy
This will go to OT won't it
Thank Christ. Alright boys! One more stop!
I guess almost 300 yards and 2 tds isn't big numbers for a rookie these days.
"I love all these 'as a fan of ____' comments, we don't deserve burrow"
Fat Randy is a reliable kicker who I am OK trusting in those situations. He isn't Justin Tucker but he bounces back after he misses and I can fuck with that.
Yeah thats a penalty
Dumbass held his hands.
The linebackers have looked good for the most part today
That was blantant DPI. Shit.
Collapse
Int or fumble incoming....
Get your head out of your asses!
Let them score and give burrow time
And they have all 3 timeouts. Strap in Kids.
lmao what are we doing
Lou is a fucking dumbass
Can't we ever have it easy? Ever?
Classic bengals
"Don’t worry guys, I’m sure our defense has this..."
"Better get a fuckin pick here to make up for those PIs. 

Also we’ll be doing philly a favor, wentz is bad"
"Guys, is this it? Can I hope yet?"
"You know what, I bet those dpi's came because the defense wanted to play aggressive, just going too aggressively"
Kroft and Burkhead killing it today
We’re making wentz look like Lamar jackson
It's happening. OT coming or a 2pt attempt for the win.
Vintage Dunlap
Literally fucking noone can tackle
"you guys, please..."
If Eagles get the ball first we're toast.
[deleted]
Bend and break defense.
Fuck Lou on everything he is a trash coordinator
Why the hell wouldn't we take at least one shot down the sideline there?
Burrow needs a win badly. Can't have a perennial winner taking L after L. That shit starts to weigh on you.
Tails never fails!
"We should have won this game already.  We need a better redzone threat, like Eifert used to be."
Burrow's reaction says it all. We're winning this game.
How is slay back dudes elbow was crooked
"Ok, you can run the ball that time. But don't do it too much Zac plz."
Omg just GO FOR IT OUR DEFENSE SUCKS
"AJ is just not the same AJ, slow as hell"
I can’t wait to hear the bullshit the defense will talk about getting better this week.
Bates throwing that timeout tantrum needs to be a GIF
"Bates, you're killing me"
Pick would've ended it. Come on Bates.
Wentz absolutely sucking ass is saving the Be gals.
Thank good we have wentz in our corner.
Our game to lose now
Trash ass billy price
[deleted]
What a pathetic hold billy
Everyone on that line should never play pro football again.
This team fucks up everything my god
I get even more stressed when they show Randy.
"trade green for a lineman, good god"
Shit no one wants to win this game
No hold there.
He’s the only person they have and we still don’t learn. Fuck this coaching staff
GG.  FUCK!!!
Gg
This team man. Something has got to give for us. No clutch moments and always ends in heartbreak. Like fuck
"this again

&#x200B;

See you guys next week"
I hate the bengals I hate this team Jesus christ
These coaches have to go
Why is our smallest corner on Ertz
Literally no one wants to win.
This is what apathetic ownership gets you. Full stop.
I hope you guys win
This game is going to end in a tie.
The rookies are showing out today let’s go
Two possessions inside the 15 and came away with 6 points. That's the story of the season. Can't rely on the OL to get a push at the line and dictate the run game.
can we do our god tier 2 minute offense thing pls
It must be nice to be able to sack a quarterback
2min drill. Burrow time
1 step forward and 2 steps backwards. The bengals way
Hart legit can't win 1 on 1 blocks at the NFL level.
"How can you be a professional blocker, but not be able to block?"
"Next year’s 1st round pick: OT
Next year’s 2nd round pick: OG
Next year’s 3rd round pick: OT
Next year’s 4th round pick: OG
Picks 5-7 I give up"
This mother fucking oline. Unfucking believable
Price fucking sucks.  Tee shouldve had that :(
This offensive line just infuriates me 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
burn it all
Im sad.
This is the reason Price hasn’t seen the field
Burrow might go insane. Why are you guys doing this to him?
Price is atrocious that is not NFL caliber guard play
This is going to come down to our Defense coming up with a pick 6
Why call a timeout?
I feel genuinely bad for Burrow.
You know what sucks? We either tie or lose.
Dunlap at RT?
Tall ass motherfucker lol
You have the slimmest of chances to get the ball back via turnover and win the game and...you take...a timeout. Fight for a win or take the damn loss.
In any other organization I think ZT would be in the hot seat but we just don't operate that way. Bizarre.
LMAO FALSE START
What is this game lol
The Engles vs the Beagles
Nobody wants to win
WHAT IS HAPPENING
"I mean this is so fucking stupid, why did this moron use our last timeout."
I don't want to see Burrow get an unfair pick on a Hail Mary ):
Bengals tie a lot.
Punting to tie. I mean. This game.
Lol this is so stupid
Going for the tie? Really??
Queue Curb Your Enthusiasm music
13 seconds and he fair caught it
"Jesus Christ, we’re just calling this a loss right?"
Didn’t even try to do laterals like what the fuck
"We should change the titles of the game threads to 'Bash our own Team' thread. The negativity in here is insane. 

It's a young team, just enjoy the game. We don't need to fire the coach and scrap the whole team after every play."
"guys you deserved this win Burrow is gonna be a star 

-Eagles fan"
"Alright fellas, let’s get our hearts broken again shall we! Play ball"
At 0 and 2 is there any downside of going for it?
zAc TaYLoR oFfEnSiVe GeNiOuS
Well I blame the change of momentum on ZT. You fucking go for it on 4and 2 after an interception. Quit this pussy ball shit. You’re 2-16
">expecting Sample to block that man 

Jesus fucking fuck this coaching staff"
Fuck this team. Burrow deserves better.
lmao someone shouldered into zac just now 😂
I’ve been watching the Bengals for a long assed time. Never have seen an o line this bad. Legit serious.
How about they just stop the forward progress whistle and let the play finish out. This is football. The play ends on tackles or out of bounds.
That was a fumble tho right
"~~burrow's first halftime lead in his nfl career?~~  
   
And then the Bengals defense said, ""hold our beer."""
"So, how about hurry up offense for the entire game? Looks to be the only time Zac calls some good stuff. Obviously not feasible but I’m losing patience with this coaching staff."
Is it not time to admit that the fat kicker has to go. How many times does he have to royally screw up to get rid of him.
Hate to see injuries. These Eagles are dropping left and right
Bengals gonna lose via two point conversion.
I swear were tanking on purpose lol
"I want the Bengals to win to spite this negative fanbase, this team is inches away from being 3-0"
"Jesus christ billy price is literally the worst o line player in the league and still has a spot for some god forsaken reason.

I swear he must have dirt on ZT"
Couldn't even finish his dropback on a 4 man rush. What the fuck?
As an LSU fan. Please stop let burrow live. It’s like when stafford first came into the league and got destroyed. And look at him now.
holy fuck why did we used timeout??? save it to ice kicker
Zac Taylor doesn't have what it takes to win. Burrow should've called the play.
"Running hasn’t worked last 15 attempts

Zach Taylor: Let’s run it here

Doesnt works 

Zach Taylor: 😲"
"I'm just blown away by how negative this is, lost 2 games by a combined score of 8, tied the third, it's not like this team is getting destroyed and we expected a super bowl run. Losing means a better pick to bring in real talent. Yet even saying that and all the problems the team was that close to winning each of these 3 games."
I mean guys what do you expect? We throw it deep it could be picked off an returned. The odds of winning there had to be .0000000001%
Fire Taylor immediately. Who the fuck is such a pussy they call that play.
Zac Taylor and Brian Callahan will never succeed if they continue to be so pass happy.
This is the worst NFL defense I think I’ve ever seen
That was fucking dirty as shit
"I thought Drew Sample was the most AMAZING Blocking TE. Its why we wasted a HIGH 2nd round pick on him. (When he had about a 6th round grade ...)

**FIRE DUKE TOBIN**"
John Ross who?
Marvin Lewis would be rolling in his grave if he saw what this team was becoming.
[deleted]
idk if you’d call that a chip shot after what happened week 1🤯😂
This defense is so lazy it's unreal.
Worst defense I’ve ever seen
You're gonna play undisciplined football you don't deserve to win.
Fuck you Zac Taylor
we’re gonna get all the way down to fg territory and then fat randy’s gonna cramp up 😭
Put in finley next week.  Keep our future in tact
[deleted]
It’s time to boycott this team again. Do it for Burrow.
Bruh just take a shot at it
"You know what, I'll take it.

Eagles Eagle'd themselves out of a win"
Wait why didn’t they just take a shot to try and win? Who the fuck doesn’t try to win?
I hope fat randy took note of how to kick that extremely difficult FG.
OMFG Fuck Taylor. TAKE A FUCKIN SHOT YOU PUSSY.
LETS GET A W
let’s go!
0-3 on the coin tosses this year. Wack.
"Lets go!  Gameday!  Nice start, who dey!"
Joe gonna have 20+ carries today.
Wow JW...not great.
We need a touchdown first or it’s gonna be another long game of playing behind and watching our run D get toasted
Cordy Glenn mightve been a lazy fuck but at least he could block
"Why even drop back to pass against us?

Just GASH GASH GASH GASH"
I’m just not a huge fun of our defensive coordinator.
lmao guess we still didn’t practice run defense this week
These announcers don't need to do a better job of telling the Bengals that they need to do a a better job.
What's worse our run defense or our offensive line?
Love it
Yo! Making plays.
EARLY TO??? GOOD OMEN?
I’d almost forgotten what a turnover felt like
Yeah baby!!
So many commercials gesh
Thank you for the gift Wentz!!!
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS
LOGAN WILSON keep that football
go for it!
Well. That was a nice punt
Who woulda thunk that the oline was something that needed to be addressed in the offseason?
No pass rush
Lol how do I watch this
Did I just imagine those whistles?
You have GOT to get that sack.. Come ON. Hubbard had that brutal missed sack before. Now we got Lawson screwing up.
"ｓｍｈ

Gotta get that sack"
They completely read that draw and it was still a 10 yard game. Jesus
Again. Never get the fucking sack
Defense is worse than I thought. Dear God
Omg can we get a fucking sack
Fuck Sam Hubbard
Somehow gets away and then a penalty....ahh Bengals
Holy shit we cannot tackle. Two easy sacks.
Defense is a perpetual eye roll
Can we please tackle wentz!! We are getting to him just finish the play
wentz is using baby oil
I love being a fan of the laughing stock of the nfl
10 plays too late but we’ll take it. A SACK!
Wilson playing better so far all things considered
The defense did literally anything!
Did Sam look hurt there?
That was some good Bend and nearly Break D
How much can we blame anarumo? These guys are pretty usually in position and just ole the guy.
Carson Wentz's football ability is as shit as his hairline
"Solid, Fred."
I'm booored
Zac ‘Marvin Lewis’ Taylor
Running the ball up the middle kills every drive...
I think they’ll spread it out and pass to open up the run from the next drive. We all need to stop criticizing them for not running the ball. That offensive line is beyond dog shit. 61 passes here we come.
I hope they keep Wilson in for a bit more plays than normal. I’m interested to see how he plays.
"Shit, my stream is delayed. Looking forward to this play :)"
A 3 and out? 🚨
Lawson is the best player on either side so far. He’s a handful.
Lawson channel your inner rookie year 🤰
Come on O!!
"And there it is ....

Savior down due to a cheap shot by Malik Jackson"
YOU CAN NOT DO THAT.
Go to hell Jackson
Lmao fuckin go figure
If the Bengals did that pundits would be calling for the player to go to prison
What a POS
OH SHIT BURROW
FUCK FUCK FUCK
Please god no Burrow
How to make a bad season worse
GET HIM A FUCKIN LINE. Going to ruin the poor kid.
Amazing how much worse it looked on that one play of Finley lol
and we let him get sacked again
*oh thank god he’s back*
Malik is an ASSHOLE
4 man rush
"We may just not play line at all, have one center snap the ball, four WRs and four TEs, it won't make any difference anyway."
Even just some decent competition between “professional” football players would be cool. That’s too much to ask for
im really worried for JB
"I don't understand why the offense is coming out so flat. Everyone knows the line is below average, at best, so why isn't our play calling more aggressive like the last 2 games."
Why did we hire a QB coach over Bienemy again?
"At LSU, Burrow would’ve entered terminator mode after that hit. With this team, he is shook. I don’t blame him, they suck ass."
Why the fuck cant they get the mic's right this season???
Jesus!! How many false starts are they gonna get?
Who got that false start penalty?
Nice coaching Ball Zac
I’m willing to bet joe gets hurt this year and it’s all Zach fault and he’s fired game 10 when it’s to late.
"Fred Johnson and Bobby Hart make up the right side of Joe Burrows line. 

What are we doing?"
Run the fucking ball!
Husky Randy made a kick!
Can you guys pick it up so we can end the Wentz experience? Thanks!
Can we please run the football on 3rd and short
This playcalling is atrocious
blubbery bullock
Jesus it’s rough watching burrow get creamed every play
Put Burrow in punt formation for shotgun. This is brutal.
Carson “Vick” Wentz
Defense can only hold them for so long...
Out here making Carson Wentz look like Lamar Jackson.
"I wasn't going to drink today, now I sit with a beer in hand"
Fuck that
THATS A FUMBLE WTFFFD
Fuck blow that whistle so quick
That’s fucking BS. Let the play finish out.
ref is blind
Shank it elliot
"So... shaping up exactly like the last game we played against the Eagles, I  see."
Tate is a beast
Nice feet Tate!
If we can just give this kid like 3 seconds... that’s all he needs
I feel a glimmer of hope
Run this offensive scheme THE ENTIRE GAME.
Nice block Fred
Good job tate!
Why can't we move the ball like it's the 2-minute drill all game?
Hell yea 1 yard line boys
WHO DEY!!!
Higgins!
Yessss!!!+
Tee. Fucking. Higgins.
BURROW TO HIGGINS!!!!
Jonah Williams might be the best RT on the Bengals roster.
higgins! hope john ross doesnt suit up for this team again
#TEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
That’s My Burrow!
Higgins!! Let's go baby!
"love to see tee being able to celebrate w his role model, AJ"
U gotta be fuckin me
"I wonder if Joe and Tee, can develop an Andy and AJ bond"
SERIOUSLY RANDY??
Jonah is playing like dogshit today.
"Yea, Tee is an obvious improvement.

Is John Ross worth a 7th round pick?"
Damn randy
Buttery bullock
WHO to the fucking DEY
The fuck was that?!?
Pick coming
How often is a kickoff out of bounds? Really gonna give them great field position with 1:29 left.
So SOFT
We look like the chargers lol
"Thanks, Randy..."
wow...
HOLY SHIT!!
Good lord wtf
Wow
What the actual fuck guys
Hahaha. Geesh. We bad.
Lol. Fucking asleep.
What is Alexander thinking? did he think it was man and the corner was going to stay with him? you need to stay high there dipshit
"“Just incredible how open he was.” 

Lol is it though, this is the Bengals."
[deleted]
"O-Line, Edge, Corner. Any other draft pick next year is a waste of time"
I see Joe shaved his scraggly beard.
This defense is porous
Illegal contact my ass
"The refs really don’t need to help the Eagles. This D will step up and do it for them, just gotta wait lol"
"you know its the middle of a new lost decade when you start wondering: ""should i be doing something else?"" during the middle of a bengals game."
There we go Carlos!
Good D finally
Jackson with the chop
Remember when we drafted Elliott good times
That was beautiful
When’s the last time Bengals and Reds won on the same day?
Price is in
Heeey its AJ
Ya it isn’t mixons fault but I don’t see him having another 1000 yard season this year
"🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡

........ 🤕"
83 is the only receiver out there it seems.
"So they don’t need to call an injury time out since he’s on the sideline, right?"
MMW: burrow to green TD pass coming up!!
burrow’s accuracy is second to none
Never benching Boyd in fantasy again what was I thinking
I must say Bengals have good skill players. Still not going anywhere with this O-Line.
Tee D #2!!!
Burrow to Boyd is a HOF QB/WR duo in the making
Ross would NEVER
Great protection there! Great drive
what the hell was that td dance?
The Burrow-Boyd-Higgins trio is going to be lethal for the next 6+ years
It's amazing. Receivers that want to be there find a way to get open.
It was so effortless. Which generally means our OL has stepped up in the second half. So far.... hope it continues.
"As bad as this year seems, it’s good to keep things in perspective. Joe Burrow is playing his 3rd NFL game ever and he has as many touchdowns this year as Carson Wentz has turnovers. The future is bright

Edit: and now Wentz has another pick"
that was a nice pick
Wow that was a terrible throw.
THATS A PICK LETS GO
AJJJJJ
New Dey
Eagles should really put Hurts in
Wentz threw it right to us..thank God he's not our QB
Shout out to whoever the hell that was before the game who played Higgins on Fanduel and called 3 Wentz picks.
"Ok so, is Price in at RG and doing decent? I missed some of the game but saw his number..also noticed the plays are not as conservative - or am I wrong?"
Don’t think you are good! We are just that bad. The best insult I could come up with.
Why would you run on 2nd and 10. God damnit
Will this line ever learn how to create running holes for Mixon?
Burrow at 194/2 which is amazing considering he's under pressure like 80% of the time.
Not gonna lie i wanted an aj target there
Omg. I'm having flashbacks to the chargers... Please don't let this come down to Randy's foot...
Make. The. Fucking. Tackle.
"I think the D has done a lot to keep us in the game but a good amount of that was from Wentz himself. If Wentz plays marginally better, the D better hold. Which might be a big ask"
ITS ONLY ERTZ CMON!!!!
They really struggle taking guys down at the line
"On average, we tackle like when I play Madden... I'm constantly mashing the dive key and hoping I'll get close.."
Wentz looks like Max Scherzer without the unhinged thing going on
Is the announcer’s name Spirow?
"Just awful, awful fucking coverage."
Really gonna let them come back here again huh
We got so lucky
Wentz has been bailing out our defense all day
And Wentz comes through for us lol
Watching Wentz is like watching the Bengals past. I legitimately feel secondary pain. Oof.
Why did Erickson return that
"Logan Wilson.  
Might just be the linebacker we've been hoping for."
"We have our foot on their neck. In the past we would have let up so let’s see if this team has that killer instinct. 

Also, our defense is suspect at best. We have entirely to much talent to be this bad out there."
Wentz is getting benched after this game.  I can't believe he's regressed that badly.
Gio looks thicc as fuck boi
THATS MY QB!
Dalton COULD NEVER LOL
Mans looking like Fran tarkenton with those scrambling skills
Holy shit Burrow
DAYUM WHAT A PLAY
JOE WITH THE RAZZLE DAZZLE TO HOOK UP WITH HIGGINS
legend
Wtf that was magic
"THATS MY QB

THATS MY WR"
THATS MY QB!!!!!
Burrow: “Offensive lines are for chumps!”
Joe Burrow is a literal GOD
Joe is the shit
Sneaky burrow smile and a butt pat from AJ lmaoooo
That's fucking bullshit
Was he not pushed out?
I don’t even care it was still beautiful
lol that kills this drive
He got shoved out right.  That doesn't count?
GIOOOOOOOOOOO
GIO!!!
I'm not a football guy but that seems like a pointless rule
gio gio gio!
Now. I don’t hate that shit. Hahahaha GG
GIOOOOOO
Rare credit to O line on that one.
Let's go!!!!
GIOOOOOO
THE STACHE RULES OVER ALL
IT'S THE STACHE I'M TELLING YOU
Imagine being named Gym Shorts
Good block by price
THE STACHE! I love you Gio
[deleted]
I lay no blame on Mixon my man has to run for 5 before he even gets to the line
Fuck you eagles.
Tee Higgins is the answer
IT AINT WORKIN SO STOP TRYIN IT
dirty defense will eventually bite you. f u eagles
Dirty birds
i dont think mixon has ever gotten back to the line of scrimmage without getting hit in the backfield.
wow the false start helped 😂
Stop pitching the fucking ball dude
can we stop running this toss play? it clearly isn’t working
Fuck out Oline
Not exciting but smart.
Our run game is so non existent...  god our line sucks
the line just completely fucked the dog
How many times has burrow been sacked?
"Please God, don't let this game go to overtime. I can't stand to watch anymore trash football from the offensive lines from both teams."
GOOD TACKLE
I wonder if Randy Bullock is aware that we affectionately call him Fat Randy
We called a TO so 80 yard TD?
Obvious PI IMO
"What?

No 30 second commercial?"
Secondary falling apart
no need for that wj3
Defense just let in the touchdown quickly so we can give Burrow the ball back with 2 minutes. God damn
william jackson is just dre kirkpatrick change my mind
How has Jackson graded out over his career? Is he a bust?
dafuq refs
Welp. Here we go. Awesome
Are you fucking serious?
Jesus fucken shit...
Honestly just let them score now so Burrow has more time to get us into field goal range
The inability to get TDs deep in the red zone and settling for FGs is what might cost us.
Honey dicked again. Damn.
Here we go. Defense we are all used to. We are going to choke this away again and waste Burrow's talent.
We must have the worst coaching staff in the NFL.
"Well they’re in the red zone, does this mean we can play defense now?"
Dunlap fuckin finally showed up to play today
I want you guys to know Josh Allen is my fantasy QB.
"They need a td.

Just keep them out of the endzone ffs"
Pathetic.
Son of a bitch
Never much love when we go OT
It is the way
It actually gives me depression
So Lou did not blitz as predicted?
Joe take my energy
Joe has 21 seconds and 1 TO
anger
Knew this would happen.
0-3
Nice no hold call on the TD
Can not believe the Eagles did not try to win it there. But I am relieved
If we lose the toss we will lose the game
Horrible. Eagles shouldn’t even be in this game.
Taking a pretty big gamble that we’ll get the ball first in OT.. our defense obviously isn’t stopping them especially with the momentum they have right now.
Did anyone expect anything with this defense given that we kept Lou as DC?
21 seconds and a time out and you don’t even try to get in FG range?
Time to win this shit lets go boys
Why the fuck didn’t we give it a shot? Our defense is done.
Love me a man who picks tails 😍
Come on give me a JB game winning drive
WE HAVE HOPE
Joe looks like he's aggravated.  Hope we get to see Angry Joe on this drive.
The good news is burrow has produced with the game on the line.
I fear this may end up as a tie.
"IF YOU DONT WIN ANOTHER GAME, PLEASE WIN THIS!!!!"
Joe Burrow wins shootouts.
A DOT TO AJ
My stomach is rolling
just go for it
If the eagles get a FG is that the game?
I don’t have faith in our defense.
Call a fucking one yard route on 3rd and 4
You thick cunt Taylor
This game is already over
I gotta stop refreshing this. My delayed video feed is gonna kill me
Should honestly have just gone for it. We all know we aren't stopping them.
Almost had it
This team is so consistent. Is there a more consistent team in the league? They're amazing at consistently letting  me down.
SO CLOSE
This defense just refuses to win
"Reds still in a scoreless tie, top of five."
C'mon Carlos... damn.
NEED A STOP
OH MY GOD PICK THE FUCKING BALL
Wow we got lucky there were two uncovered receivers on the right side
Aight so like 30 yards and a FG and we win let's fucking do it
anyone else ripping their own nails off right now?
"stop

play

action

lol"
Watching this team is really bad for my health ffs
Spain without the s
This is just sad
"Later guys, I have shit to do today.

If we lose, we lose."
I’m feeling as weak as I did against the Dolphins last year.
Here we go.
Hahaha
This team just doesn’t like to win
Finally called holding jesus
I’ve never seen worse tackling on a QB in the pocket Jesus Christ
Please clutch up here defense I know I’m asking for a lot but PLEASE
3rd an 19 👀
Holding again!
 ONE MORE STOP COME ON
"Serious question, does Zac Taylor show any emotion or killer instinct?"
YES D!
my god this is pathetic
"Holy shit, what am I worried about?"
I can’t believe we’re still in it
Someone please just score jesus christ
#LET’S GO
omg if this were any other team we would have lost after out first possession
THE JOE BURROW 2 MIN SPECIAL
end this fucking game already
bobby hart doesn't' help us his qb
JOE BURROW GAME WINNING DRIVE SZN
My fucking kingdom for an O-line
At this point just pick up some random UDFA O-line guys and toss em in there. Can't be much worse.
LSU fan here tuning into my first Bengals game for Joey..thinking this might not be the best time. RIP O Line
Fucking Price
This team needs a whole new offensive line. How they went through the offseason and didn't upgrade the offensive line is a joke. By far the worst offensive line in football. And to put joe burrow behind that offensive line is irresponsible
Not 1 second to throw it
This is just sad.
Fucking joke man this o line is sickening
Fuck it was there
Should.have run out the clock for a tie
"We’ve been gifted so many chances, we deserve to lose this game at this point"
Is the Bengals trying to kill Burrow?
"Bench Joe for the rest of the season, to save his life. Trade the number 1 pick for the world!"
Are all the cat teams just cursed ?
He was short...
Are they piping in applause as he walks off??
This entire game is a goat fuck
rotfl. eagles really dont want this win.
why are we watching high school football
"I don't want a tie. If we end up having an absolute ass season like last year, I don't want a tie to ruin our draft position lol."
Wowwwww.
Wtf is the game
wow a run
And we’re cowards too
"How do you not even try a hook and lateral? I don't think I've ever seen a kneel down in that situation.  Then again, ties don't happen very often."
"Just demand a trade, Joe. No one will judge you."
If I was Burrow I’d request a trade. He’s already getting bungalized
The defense has given up 6 points. Calm down guys.
They should've declined the false start. I'd rather have  a chance to get the ball at midfield if the kicker misses it.
"Welp, see you guys next season!

We'll get a ransom for Lawrence!"
"Sorry Zac, its time for the Bengals to move on. You are just not it."
Defense is just warm bodies that can’t tackle
We did a thing!
Burrow flopping out there now?
Great drive guys. Awesome response
Bring back got damn Marvin Lewis
Geezus christ Joe got whopped please be ok
piece of shit that was dirty
"Man, what an incredibly shitty Oline they have."
#HOT TAKE- MAYBE MIKE BROWN JUST GAVE ZAC A BAD TEAM? Downvote to hell...
Eagles tryna hurt burrow god damn
I wish I could get payed millions of dollars to suck at my job
Did Burrow just fall down?
defender landed wrong af after getting yeeted off Boyd
No TD there is going to cost us.
FUCK. SO TIRED OF THIS.
Both TDs came with under 30 seconds in each half. Fuck Lou
Goodnight
Joe Burrow will be Andrew Luck mk.2 with shittier team.
Just settle for a tie what a fuckin mess. If they don’t do something about this o line then there needs to be some sort of firings
Someone please punch me in the face to take my mind of this painful fucking shit show of an o-line.
If the bengals ruin joe burrow I will never forgive them. It physically hurts my head how the organization thinks this is okay
I'd rather lose to get a better pick tbh.
we would be 0-2-1
Ties are bullshit btw.
Frankly neither team deserves to win this game. I'm terrified of what this team is without Burrow though.
Achievement unlocked: Tie a game!!
Quit fair catching you fucking clown
Eagles didn't even try to kick it and Bengals didn't even take a shot. FF/GG
"Would marvin lewis have thrown the ball there at the end?  Yes, i believe he wouldve"
A wide open receiver falling is the most Bengals thing ever
"I know the D looks awful, but Jesus. Y'all are negative af"
"Most fucking pathetic 3 DEs I have ever fucking seen.

It's NO fucking good to be able to get to the QB if he shrugs you off like youre an infant

Starting to think DE is as big as a need as RT."
"The penalty against Bynes was a terrible call, he hit him in bounds"
Does Taylor get credit for the sack or only the failures?
Dunlap made his one play. He will now disappear into the nether for another 3 weeks.
This team dont deserve Joe Burrow.
This fucking defense is trash
This team is such trash.
Is there a middle school powder puff girls football team somewhere we can borrow a defense from?
"This may be a knee jerk reaction from the first couple games, but I don’t think the Bengals are winning the Super Bowl this year, guys."
What the fuck Sample?
Pissed off Burrow TD drive in coming.
Why the fuck do we keep rolling him out?
How about a flag on that shirt grab tho. 🤬
"Man, wtf happened to Carson Wentz? Did that injury just completely derail him?"
Anyone else starting to think that we might not be a very good football team?
That FG should seal it lmao
Good job bengals giving them the momentum going into half when they get the ball.
Gonna see Jalen take over for Wentz this season at some point. Wentz looks horrible
They're really about to lose to a two point conversion aren't they...
and i just screamed loud enough anyone walking by would have heard me..
Son of a whore
"Get ready to watch that drive all year as that's the inevitable ""Drive that saved Philadelphia's season"""
Well that's game lol
Welp...
[deleted]
"Maybe we should just hand it off to Mixon until the clock runs out, take the half win"
Worst fucking line in the league
Trade everyone for an OL except burrow and Nixon
Fuck Erickson quit fair catching inside the fucking 10
Why the fair catch??
Lots of people here who thought we were suddenly going to be good I guess??
I am all aboard the Kevin Huber train. That guy deserves the HOF
"You let Carson Wentz run in a td?

Carson. Fucking. Wentz???

Season's over, boys. Pack it the fuck up."
A tie isn’t a loss.....
"Let's gooo! We got this one!

#GO BENGALS"
I just took the dog out really quick and I was blessed by [Super Mario.](https://i.imgur.com/BQxUwXS.jpg) I think he brings good luck.
Let Mixon eat
Aaaaand punt
Damn Jonah.
Here we go again...I’m so sick of this trash line
Williams ...ugh that was Bobbie hart like.
Jonah Williams looks like the valedictorian of the Bobby Hart School of blocking.
"JESUS FUCKING CHRIST

My 78 year old aunt could have got a first down through that fucking GAPING HOLE"
"Guh, this is all too familiar."
Phili has apparently figured out the key to the game: we can’t stop the run
Remember how good we thought the defense was after their Week 1 performance?
So no improvement to run defense and pass protection so far.
Let’s gooo
Optimism increased a bit!
Keep putting Wentz under pressure and we might get more of that
Fucking please just a tiny bit of fucking time how is this a professional O-Line
About time the defense forces a turnover
damn give burrow some more time please 😭😭😭
Third down already?
They should have just went for it.
Burrow has NO FUCKING TIME
Damn my stream is WAY behind. You guys were talking about the punt while I was watching the Eagles timeout.
"Lawson and Hubbard, ghosts"
How many should have been sacks has that been at this point?
Every play is positive
Jesus christ
secure the sack man
"Jesus fucking Christ, have we had a sack all year?!"
Should of been a sack but at least there’s pressure
"C'mon D, step it up!"
Defense is absolutely pathetic
Jesus
What’s a sack?
Sack? Nah 1st down
bro
D is dogshit
"Can't sack, can't tackle. What a fucking joke"
What the fuck
finish the fucking play
ANOTHER MISSED SACK
Unreal
Damn so close but a step away. This team all season so far
WTF did Wentz greased up or our D just straight up trash
"Gotta teach the defense how to wrap and roll, so tired of seeing missed tackles.  Use your damn hips!"
"Holy shit, we gotta tackle!"
"So stupid.

And why can't we tackle the qb?"
Imagine if our defense could tackle
lmao can’t get any initial tackles..
Hubbard laid off Wentz’s leg.
Swiss cheese D
I will never understand how guys get to the NFL and suddenly forget all they ever knew about basic tackling form
Omg. They said we need playmakers on def.!  No. We just need some guys that know how to play TACKLE football. Fucking tackle somebody!!!!
"Fooled me, I thought the back got in."
Finally got him
Defense already looks gassed
How much can we blame anarumo? These guys are pretty usually in position and just ole the guy.
Wish we got it before they hit the red zone but whatever
Yeaaaaahhhhh
Finishing tackles? In my Bengals defense?
I hate being at work and not getting to watch :(
Think Washington will ever get a mascot?
Dont like those play calls back to back like that
holy fucking shit that was SO BAD
Damn I thought watching Kentucky in the second half yesterday was rough....
"Jesus Christ, this is hard to watch."
"Maybe they are wearing down the D line and protecting Burrow, playing the long game? Maybe..."
"Hubbard and Lawson finishing them now, nice."
Man the Eagles O line is almost as bad as ours...
Did these guys learn how to tackle at the commercial break?
"We actually have a d-line this game, that's fun! Didn't we have zero sacks in weeks 1 & 2 and now we've got two already?"
Just run the 2 minute drill every drive. We clearly play our best on offense in a high paced environment.
At least the Squeelers are getting bent over by the Texans
Oh Jesus No.
Oh god
Please no
It's too obvious that Burrow is gonna be injured and out for the season before the 4th game
Just now getting to watch the game bois. How we looking so far?
Findlay Comeback tour
97 is fat fucking bitch
Stupid fuckin penalty
Thank god I thought it was an ACL
"I'm watching on a delayed stream, tell me he is ok."
97 is a joke
"I mean, hard hit but could’ve been worse"
"I don’t know if I’m more mad that Burrow got cheap shot and had to sit, or that I have to watch Ryan Finley in the game..."
"Just put Burrow on IR, make Taylor fix the line before giving him a good qb to ruin"
They unleashed the bad man. Give him 5 min
burrow back
What a fuckin champ Joe is back!
Lmao gets hit and sacked again
Joe’s back just to get smashed again
God damn this line. Fucking clown show
Man.. this sucks lol
Terrible scheming
Do we have a video of it?  I am just listening to the game.
"Who tees off on Wentz?

They have it coming"
We’re gonna thin burrow with this shit OL and shit play calls
it's so hard to find a good o-line
It should be possible to fire an owner/FO
Yeah we need a new O Line but where can we find replacements at this point? The practice squad? They'd be even worse!
why are we treating them like they arent a top rated dline? wtf
"People complaining to sit Joe have to realize that a lot of rookie qb’s take this abuse. They picked first for a reason. You can’t take him out because you need him to develop and let’s be honest, he ain’t developing learning from Ryan fucking Finley."
we're david carr'ing him
I know that last play was on Sample but do you think after this game Taylor claims the shit blocking is just a biased perspective? Or however the hell he worded it.
Don't they know all they need to do is run?
"If we were getting a couple first downs, driving and simply failing to convert I wouldn't be that mad. But it's simply 110% incompetence and I'm so tired of Bengals incompetence."
I can't really say I'm surprised our O-Line doesn't change when they willingly keep someone in who blames everyone but himself for his shitty play on Instagram.
The tank commander might need another season of work
Wentz really sucks lol
At least the defense looks to have woken the fuck up a bit. Somebody need to smack the shit outta everybody on that o line and put em in check. Shit is unacceptable.
 wentz got slammed love to see it
Is anyone else really excited for the draft? Where we will draft a bunch of LBs who are “good team guys” but still can’t improve our defense?
ANOTHER FALSE START IN A SILENT STADIUM
Bengals and False Starts. They can never have a game without one
lmao false start.. what else is new
10 drop backs. 5 hits BIG hits. 2 sacks. Omg man!
When was our last completion? Jesus
O-Line is sooooooo bad
Did we just gain yardage?
Is it me or Randy looks extra chunky
RANDAY
Offense just mostly looks half ass out there
Way to give them plenty room for that
wow he got a mic!!
I hate how other teams always seem to be able to fight for 2-3 extra yards every play
logan is playing his ass off
Offense is down in every game it seems. Weird
God damn Logan Wilson is slow.
I've never seen a man run for that many yards so slowly
Lawson is a stud.
I don’t think any D gives up long QB runs on 3rd down like the Bengals do
Bullshit!!!
Our patented play 5 yards off the receiver Defense. My favorite
"Love the eagles offense, run, incompletion, then you get to see what can happen on 3rd down"
Why do we play such terrible zone on 3rd downs
At least D is playing great
[deleted]
I see it now final score 15-9
"And now Pittsburgh in the league, as if this day of football couldn't get any worse"
Audio issues
Both sides will never play well in the same game lol. Just trade off every week..
Damn!!!  I like that shot tho!! More please!
Boyd is having a good game
[deleted]
I love you joe!
Higgins catching balls John Ross never would
Higgins is looking pretty good.
The biggest difference between Dalton and Joe for me is that when Joe throws a longer pass I’m confident it will be on target.
Why does he have time now? LMFAO
That was the best blocking of the season. Do that every play!!!
"Lap: ""Bobby Hart's done a good job so far today.""

Why would you..."
Woah I feel like I'm actually watching football wut is this
Jonah has been disappointing
You know it’s bad when the ball is on the one and you have zero confidence in the line to get a good push
HIGGINS!!!!
NICE!
Our best receiver is a rookie
Don’t do that. Don’t give me hope
"[HIT IT, Y’ALL](https://youtu.be/upHWtPkuD5s)"
"Really like Higgins

When Burrow has protection he is great."
Can you imagine if we kept Ross and traded Tate. The writing is on the wall for Ross.
Why go into the half with a lead?
Anytime we score the d give it right back
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING RANDY BULLOCK??
Please don’t give up the TD Jesus Christ D
Damn!!!
What in the hell
Looked like a face mask on Dunlap there
Lou it's probably going to be looking at a fine for not wearing his mask over his mouth.
why
Lmao
Lol
Chuck it deep fuck it
Christ. Everything that could possibly go wrong (minus the potential fumble recovery). Jesus. That stupid kick from Fat Randy started it all.
Try for a field goal here
Hail Mary time
Give it back to Philly to score after the half.
Did Joe shave his beard recently or am I just seeing things?
Big bruh
Rookie QBs always break it off on us.
"Fuck yea D, shut 'em down!"
GOOD TACKLE WILLIAM
Good tackle!!!
f this o line
Gotta stop this roll out stuff
this short game shit sucks.
Jonah Williams is going to be a beast. his footwork is A+
Here we go!!! Burrow about to show his magic!!!!
What a throw!
In BOYD we trust
Billy Price in?
WHO DEY!!! TEE HIGGINS!!!
what a beautiful pass
#TEEEEEEEEEEE
Taints for Tate
TEE HIGGINS
Make it 2 for Tee!
Higgins!! Happy to see him get the catch. This offense is firing right now!
Ice cold
Jonah Williams!!!
Well so far I’m glad we didn’t resign AJ to a big deal. With Tee Boyd and Tate were doing fine. If he will sign for less then it will be a good WR2 for the team
Let's just hope that drive lit a fire under the D's ass.
Pick baby
yes
Number seven for Wentz! What a beaut!
What an INT!
What a pick
LETS GO D!!!
Momentum baby.
There’s AJ!
Aj making a nice play
Wentz is not good lol
WOOOOOO
"Ah man, not Big Play Slay!"
BRUISER BENGALS. I LIKE IT. DESTROY THE OTHER TEAM.
AUDEN TATE LEGO
TD or GTFO
They fucking saw that coming
We gotta take this game over now
PUT EM AWAY JOE
Why do we keep running in passing downs? Zac is outsmarting himself
What a thicc kicc
[deleted]
C’mon Carson how about another turnover
"Dear Bengals, don’t hurt Carson Wentz. We don’t want Hurts in the game."
Something something tackling something something
I don’t hate Alexander anymore. 👀
Nice tackle from Alexander!
Looked like an accident lol
that was a great tackle by alexander
Can we fucking double team Ertz already?
Damn thought he overthrew him
Another lucky bounce for the Eagles on a loose ball
The Eagles look like us
Nice open field stick by Wilson!
Thank god wentz is so bad
"Yikes, he got cooked lol"
AIR BALL
WOOF
Wow. Thank you Wentz
WERTZ IS OUT LETS TAKE THIS GAME!!!
Wentz even smiles like Andy when he wiffs lmao
"He simply overthrew him. Can't blame the ""he has no help"" argument there. Wouldn't be surprised if the Eagles go to Hurts at some point this season."
Wentz deep ball looks similar to Daltons.
"Wow, Wentz is ass lmao"
I feel bad for Wentz
How the fuck is my stream still in commercial break
What is this galaxy Brain shit to have Tee Boyd and Green on the sidelines at the same time
boyd. sniff. that was sweet.
Our QB is so good 😭
Burrow to boyd is the new andy to green
Price has made a huge difference in the passing game. Run blocking is still awful.
Poor mixon.  Run blocking is so trash
"damn that was a free play, wishing we had tried a deep one there. burrow to higgins for an 80yd td"
BOYD
Time to start chewing my fingers down to the bone.
geaux jeaux
Boyd <3
[Twitter team with a big W](https://twitter.com/bengals/status/1310303446285852678?s=21)
Joe is a BEAST
#JOE MAHOMES
Atta boy Joey B!!
ANDY DALTON WISHES HE COULD BE JOE BURROW
Joey’s feeling himself
Wow I thought he was just throwing it away. And I love the attitude burrow is showing
JOEY B OMG
"FIRE THE ""THROW IT AWAY"" COACH!"
Great play! But not sure if it's a good habit to have
Well shit. He did go out. Does that make the catch not count?
I dont understand....
twinkletoes burrow out there making magic
Playmaker Joey B
Great camera work there
lmfao wtf refs
GIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Gotta love the dumbest rule in the nfl
Since when can we even challenge something like that?
"Bernard to Pederson: fuck your challenge, hear ya go!!!!"
we need to overcome the penalty and get a first down here. Show we can keep up our momentum
FUCK YOU REFS
SCREW YOU REFS :3
HAHAH FU Pederson!
Good play callb
Tee Higgins is the truth
get FUCKED birds
"BALL DON""T LIE!!!! LETS GO GIOOOOO"
I no longer want to die 🌞
Here we go burning timeouts to save a penalty. That’s all on coaching.  Get the god damn team prepared
Joe is gonna do it anyways!  Fuck you Pederson!
Great play call
Keep Billy Price starting.
Why in the fuck would you *ever* run the ball to the right side knowing who’s over there
"Wait, so if you get pushed out of bounds by the defender and come back in, your not allowed to touch the ball? How is this not an exploitable rule? Like all you need to do as a defender is just keep shoving the receiver out of bounds and no one will be able to catch it."
Rough on Philly 23
Why do we keep trying to pitch it to the right?
Geaux Jeaux
Philly playing dirty
Loving that Burrow is starting to get a connection with both Boyd and Higgins. The future.
Tee loving the hit lol.
That penalty actually helped us lol
"The run blocking, yeesh"
We need a TD
"“A yellow mouthpiece that went flying”

Lol what?"
"Needed a TD to put it away but if we can get 3, it's a TD game"
Lets go D!!
I don't trust this D
sonny gray no hitter thru 3 hahahah forgot the reds were playing
Colts fan here. Hollywood Joe is putting on a show! Lots to be excited for.
Come on D
Why are we wasting so many timeouts in the 2nd half
ZT redzone play calling could be fatal
Handing them the tie
Turnover or a sack here would be very nice
STAY DISCIPLINED FFS
That wasn't a catchable ball that was bullshit
Come on damn it
Heads better roll if we lose this game. This is horseshit.
I can’t even with this defense
Maybe could have gotten a TD on one for those past two redzone trips if ZT would open his eyes and stop running the ball when Burrow is throwing dimes
that should have been a pick............
"Oh, thought Pratt had a shot at picking that one"
Pratt is so good man. I really think he was hamstrung by the rest of the D last year.
Whiffed on a potential sack
Rams got absolutely hosed
Here we go again...
Wish they could’ve scored sooner
Well
Embarrassing
🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
I thought we revamped our defense?
For some reason QB scrambles for 1st down or TD make me more angry than any other play in football.
Take a fucking knee
Wtf...?
This fucking defense...
Good thing we blew 2 timeouts already
I missed those PIs were they bullshit?
Zacs nips are hard.
Someone get Donovan McNabb in the booth
Tails never fails! Lets go Huber!
The coin toss will decide the winner. No chance of us stopping them.
Boo
"The fuck, a knee?"
Joe Burrow is going to win this ballgame right now
Alright Joey this is your moment!
LETS GO BURROW!
Thank fuck
WE GOT THE BALL JOE
Cmon joe we need a classic jb drive
Let's go joe!!
Lets go Burrow!
Classic Huber
defence is so terrible. all those changes and they’re soft asf
Well hopefully Burrow keeps the defense off the field so they don't blow it again.
This team breaks my heart so much
That’s my fucking punter rt! Nice call Huber!
Why does this feel like Christmas morning only to find out we got coal.
[deleted]
Jesus what a throw. Threading the needle
Please get the TD here Joe so our Defense doesn't get the chance to fuck this up.
AJ Green is definitely not 100%.
Well punting and putting the game on the defense really worries me
Ball game.
Lmao 3 play calls for AJ Green
welp... im sure our defense won't let them go right down the field again. heh.
Good game
That’s it boys. Zero faith in this d
"GG Bois, defense gonna lose us this one"
I'm gonna vom
"God dammit, we needed to keep the defense off the field. Might as well have went for it there."
This is the way
Yeah my confidence level in the defense is about 0.1% right now
Defense you can be fucking trash the rest of the year JUST ONE STOP PLEASE
Bro. Come on Bates
Wentz has to be shook rn. Capitalize D
There needs to be an ESPN documentary explaining the history of DBs pretending to throw a tantrum on near ints.
"YOU DID THIS TO US, LOU!"
"OOF Wentz

Lessgo Bengals!"
Wentz does not look good... woof
I’m here cause I got the bengals in a parlay to win 300. Go Burrow!
We’ve gotta win here
No Flags!  This is it boys!!!
"C'mon Joe! Save us from our defense, save us from a tie."
"Way to go, D!"
I’ve aged 10 years
We just got bailed out by Wentz.
"Cmon ref, dont call a hold just cause they ask for it"
Who’s the genius that has burrow turning his back to the line on almost every play
welp there's a positive bengals play and a ref flag.. what are the odds.
Offensive Line trying to lose us this damn game
Fucking have good field position and we do this shit I’m fucking tired of this
Can we put geno or mike Daniels on the o line they can’t be much worse
"Ok we just need 40 yards and a FG, let's do it boys"
"We can't protect those 7 step drops and play actions. Stop running them, fuck."
fckin billy price is sorry
Just throw it up and hope a pi gets called
Which team wants to lose more
Our O Line is a dumpster fire
welp 0-2-1 or 0-3 i guess
We're only gonna get one more chance if we get ball back somehow.
damn the bengals are playing the bengals
:|
This and week 1 feel so much alike. Should have had wins both weeks.
the eagles only have ertz.. and we’re tied bro
Sack
Elliot has a leg I’m worried
"I’m as optimistic as they come with this team but let’s be real here, we shouldn’t be sweating this game out right now."
I can’t believe we forced a punt
GOOD STOP
Ok I stand corrected. One more chance
Erickson WTF!!!
Another tie coming?
Will the line do their job this time?
"Another Bengals-Eagles tie, who says no?"
Come on Joe you got this
It's BURROW TIME!
"Let’s go, I’m ready to be disappointed again!"
Bengals haven't had a tie since 2016 against the team formerly known as the Washington Redskins
monkas
This freaking line man. Holy crap
Might as well take a tie at this point end the misery.
Don’t even fake the run
I want to write a letter of dissatisfaction to offensive line.
[deleted]
What an offensive line.
You have got to be KIDDING ME!!!
So is that 8 sacks or more?
THIS O LINE
God fucking damn it
this game is in God's hands at this point
Holy shitballs.
I thought Ross wasn’t playing today
Man what a Bengals Bengals game....
I honestly feel like you could take a random high school offensive lineman and he'd do better than half our guys.
Good Lord
Need a turnover here.
Adam archuleta is so annoying
I assumed Peters retired years ago.
his left leg has gone totally numb
Wow
Big penalty
Wow
EAGLES GONNA EAGLE
Way to burn that time out
istg if OUR kicker wins this
Wow lmao that changes things
We’re lucky the refs didn’t just call a helmet to helmet there
NOW would be a proper time to take a time out
imagine if we had that TO left...lol
Sure wish we had that timeout
As a cowboys fan thanks for the tie even though it should of been a win...
[deleted]
"Fuck it, get the block"
Whatever happened to the Hail Mary?
I fucking KNEW IT!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
 ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
That was...unfortunate
This thread is so toxic lol
Jonah looking like another OL high pick bust
"Imagine wasting a second round pick on a blocking TE that can't block

Oh wait...that was us"
I FUCKING HATE THIS TEAM
GG. Hopefully we can get our first win on the Jags next week!
this game is so boring
Stalin would be “too liberal” for Kentucky.
Hope Mixon is more involved in the passing game this and the coming weeks or Gio decides to opt out of the season at half time.
Go for it here. Jesus
Weak ass flag
Soft as baby shit penalty he made contact in bounds.
Bengals: fuck defense all my homies hate defense
This team is genuienly painfully bad.
Throw in the damn towel
Fuck the eagles
SIT BURROW THIS YEAR BEFORE HE IS DESTROYED.
We are bad. It's official.
"Remember guys, stay optimistic! Being negative won't get us anywhere. We're such a storied and successful franchise, we'll turn it around! ^^^/s"
Hey let’s get this trending on Twitter #firejimturner #firezachtaylor
I feel like Bengals fans and Eagles fans have lots in common right now.
At least randy wants to do his job today unlike the line
"Eagles fan coming to show my respect! Bates is a monster...because I normally watch games on FOX i don't see a lot of bengals. Y'all's defense is quick and moves laterally very well.  most of the Eagles (depleted, Alshon Jeffrey and jalen Reagor are out...) offense is based on misdirection or quick passes. The Bengals are really disciplined and correct very fast"
Mike Brown is laughing at every single one of us as he counts his pennies
I would have a threesome with tee Higgins and Joe burrow if I was gay
Is it just me or are these injuries insane this season? I know they had to forego scrimmaging and what not because COVID-19 but god it seems like players are dropping all over
We need a TD here. ZT don’t fucking run on 2nd and 10 jfc
"Dolphins fan checking in after seeing Burrow get rocked- how much has he been hit this year? I feel like I'm having flashbacks to Tannehills rookie year, where he was hit over and over and it really stunted his development for a few years. 

I'd hate to see the same happen to Burrow. It's not a fun thing to watch, especially when it's happening to an elite prospect. I'm sure Colts fans also have a similar view from the early Luck years."
Refball manufacturing parity. And people still think the league isn't rigged.
Why is y’all’s DC playing so scared? All this soft zone coverage rushing 4..
Lmfao peak Bengals
YOU HAVE 21 SECONDS AND A TIME OUT WHAT THE FUCK
It's really unfair to Burrow to go from a top tier college program to below mediocre pro football program and expect him to carry a bad team.
Lol Bobby Hart still making mistakes. This coaching staff is terrible
Our entire offensive line should be lined up and shot in the head.
We suck
I feel like Bengals football is the only football some of you watch.
Great faircatch lol
Please write to the press. Get National attention on the fact burrow is going to get seriously injured. Make them talk about it on national TV
We...ran it? Not even trying for a win?
who was the clown on our defensive line taunting after the penalty? he was pointing and laughing. i was scared af that we were gonna get an unsportsmanlike
WHY ARE YOU DROPPING BACK BURROW TO PASS WITH 3 SECONDS!!! WTF IS WRONG WITH THE COACHES ON THIS TEAM
It's sad to watch what could be a HOF qb get ruined because the line and FO don't do their jobs.
We the new Browns of the league
"Yep, I'm off the Zac train. Lets move in a different direction. I get that the team sucks but his coaching record might be 2-17 after this game. That's not acceptable. Look what Brian Flores is doing in Miami."
Luke fickell needs to be the next bengals HC
Honestly fuck this team top to bottom. Joe mixon and burrow are the only ones I care for anymore. Coaching staff is ass as well.
This team looks the worst it has in years
Boyd > Green
That’s game
"How to ruin NFL's #1 prospect of 2020
A book by the Cincinnati Bengals"
[deleted]
I love the Elliot lovers completely forgetting he sucked ass and lost to Randy.
we are trash sadly. like certified trash
In a season where we might not even get a win just go for it wtf
"Huber is our best player, and its like not close."
Why tackle him? He’s easily going out.
Whaddya know...
Lmao jk hes an actor
This is just pathetic.
"Yeah, I might be off the Zac Taylor train. This is fucking ridiculous. Stop fucking running on second and long."
We should've just traded Mixon for 2 pass blockers and leaned into throwing 65 times a game
If our offense wasn’t completely impotent we could be in this game.
Blocking back to your goal line flag is fucking ridiculous
"Fuck this team, god we didn’t do anything with our line this off-season"
Fire the coaching staff. Who’s with me
Was the eagle player trying to twist the leg?
"Randy bullock hit that kick perfect, wild have been good to about 55....here comes the hate"
"Is Whitworth still playing? Lets bring him back in, even if it's out of retirement. What about Anthony Munoz, is he still in shape?"
It's pretty sad I rather work than watch this o line
Are you fucking kidding me fat fuck
That call was soft as Skyline shit. Are you serious
Hey Dunlap did something
Dunlap’s first play of the year
Come on Houston FTS
Does Bullock miss the PAT?
"We should trade Ross, Green, and Dunlap"
Wentz sucks
"We got lucky there

Why is Bynes even covering a receiver?"
Why the fuck would you not let that ball go?
**GIO :3!!**
GIO :3
:3
"THAT'S why you run it on 3rd and 15, idiots."
[deleted]
Play calling sucks. Line sucks.
"so, would you rather have a tie or a loss?"
"If Hubbard makes that tackle on Wentz in the red zone, we win the game. Of course he doesn't though. I'm so tired of this shit."
I honestly just wish we could sit Burrow. This is absolutely pointless behind this Oline
Weak from Higgins.
This is AMAZING. FUCK THIS.
I’m not wasting anymore time on this team until they invest in a decent line.
"Ridiculous. If I was Burrow, I'd boycott the rest of the season. Holy shit, these dudes wouldn't be able to block my 5-year old."
"Nothing on Goff, and today, “What do they have, about 8 sacks?”"
[deleted]
Faker...
"""Hurt"" with no timeouts huh?"
Well at least we didn’t lose boys!!
a bengals way of winning
"We didn't lose?

 WE DIDN'T LOSE!"
"Fire Taylor, a tie? How? Why?"
Wtf? Not even gonna try?
I hate watching this team. We really need another terrible season and get some fucking good draft picks.
TF was that call?
"Hey, the defence made a stand, and y’all need to calm the fuck down. Let’s go bengals"
Wasn't sample drafted because he was a good blocker?
I wouldn’t lose respect for Joe at all if he just faked injuries to his calves...
Why the fuck wouldn’t you just take a knee? Taylor stop sniffing glue
Anyone else think Burrow should have that super bowl ring and not Wentz?
Sample is pretty garbage at blocking each time I watch him
[deleted]
Buckle up boys. We lost.
Eagles fan here. Burrow looks ready right now. He is a competitor.
Well that’s game
"Another game, ANOTHER choke job

&#x200B;

fuck Zac Taylor"
"What fucking pussy shit to fucking run the clock out and take a tie?

No fucking killer attitude by ZT, didn't go for it at the half and don't go for it in fucking OT?"
Hey.. I'm pretty sure someone called a tie this morning good job lol this team blows
Let's just trade burrow for a fuck ton of picks. We don't deserve him.
Zac is on his way out. Starting Joe with this offensive line is a sin. They basically need a running quarterback
"[Let’s do this shit, boys.](https://youtu.be/qsaTFcXVCNU)"
Got the banger heating and the kickoff dab is ready let’s fuckin GO boys
I understand we’re in rebuild mode and a lot of people think the season is a wrap but I thought that about the Reds earlier this year too. Hope is alive. WHO DEY!
"I just hope that Burrow lent his big dick energy to the Reds the past few weeks, and he’s finally ready to rock today."
Off to a good start
MIXON
Nice run by Mixon!
LETS GO JOE
Tee Higgins already
Good shit Mixon 👏
Anyone have a stream? Struggling to find a working one right now...
Mixon has the chance to feast today
Hurts
Ugh
That sack sucks.
And it begins
Missed a wide open receiver on the zig route. If he had one more second I think he would've found  him. Think it was green
"Joe's going to get beat up this game, isn't he..."
How you gonna overthrow desean Jackson
Holy shit you can fit a Mac truck through our defense
"Can’t block or stop the run, same thing every week.."
too easy man
An what happened to Wentz. He looked like the future of the league. Now he's just...whatever.
Run defense no changes from last week
Run = first down every time.
We aren’t winning shit with this defense. My god
Picking up right where we left off. That's consistency.
Finally
Yessir
Let's go!!
"Boyd was wide open, cant stay upright, lol."
Wentz is going off this year
Jesus Christ grow a pair and go for it
Go for it. Please.
 Does anyone know how to sync the rabbit ear broadcast with dave lapham and dan hoard on the bengals.com site? Would much rather listen to our boys but they are 1-2 plays behind the TV
Wow we stopped a run play
So far the coaching and players have been a lot better against bootlegs and play action.
Finish the TACKLE!
"Gotta get that sack, Lawson."
Lol
Wow
This run defence... just unbelievable
You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me
Well...
This dude is Houdini
Dline is trash
Can we please tackle wentz!! We are getting to him just finish the play
How hard is it to just grab his fucking leg and hold onto it Jesus fucking christ
Are we unable to make a tackle?????
This is embarrassing. How many missed sacks. And falling down while wide open. Jesus.
HOW do they get first down there? I've never seen that.
If they keep it up we’ll get one
Damn shame all of our best tacklers are in the secondary. Who woulda thought being big af would make it so hard to take somebody to the ground.
Need another pick here.
Just get this 91 yd drive over with
Our D looked so good week 1. What happened?
"Holy shit, we gotta tackle!"
"Holy shit, we gotta tackle!"
And some people had us winning LMAO
alright hubbard
There we go. The red zone D is actually semi competent
"Run on first, get nothing, then short pass. Then another short pass or intermediate on 3 rd down. Not run it up the gut twice for 4 yards. Obvious passing down for a rookie. 

This is some late 00s bob bratkowski bullshit. Run, run, pass, punt. There has to be a balance. They're either throwing too much or running too much"
"Huh. Yeah Marvin Lewis did the run run pass punt trick, but at least he had some half decent defenses."
God the lack of rush the d line gets. Wow it’s bad
"Finally, the Defense shows up"
Fuck yeah Carl
Lawson wants them sacks today man.
Lmao they need to get Jason peters out of there
Carl Lawson can tackle. I almost cant believe it.
FUCK YEA BOYS! THAT'S HOW YA DO THAT!
why do we have such an undisciplined o-line. cant we get a coach that lights a fire under their ass? imagine a coach like Ditka allowing them to play like that
Finally a 3 and out.
Thank you defense keep this shit up
Let's get a pocket going line!
I love joe
"I really miss the edge our D had with peak vontaze man it feels like these guys have been scared to hit for the past few seasons, we just need 1 dawg out there at linebacker to infect the D with his energy."
There it is
No  no no no no
Fuuuuuuccckkkkk
GODDAMMIT!!!!
Oh no
What a fucking moron
Ouch
NO NO
Omg no
Well that’s a wrap boys
pain
OMG NO NO NO
NOOOOOOOOOO
He looks ok though thank god
"Thought it was his leg there for a second, thank christ."
Oh fuck no....
Burrow got hit again
FINLEY IS BACK DEAR LORD
well they finally call roughing...
I cannot feel pain anymore.
"*kill Joe Burrow*

Offensive line has completed their mission."
Nice
Dirty ass Eagles
Just a stinger
just got the wind knocked out of him
thank god burrow is up
Takes him nearly being injured and being taken out of the game to get a penalty
Woo!
Block somebody for christ sake.
lmao drew at least try
You could put prime Brady or Manning behind this o line and they would get killed. Why they thought it was acceptable to make little changes I don’t get. It was terrible last year and it’s just as bad now.
Has anyone ever had more yards after contact than total rushing yards for a whole season? Mixon could do it this year
Good thing Wentz is actual poop today
Defensive match up.  Ok then
Wentz has like overthrown his guys by 20 yards like damn bro it's not even c l o s e
At least the defense stepped up
"It's fascinating watching this game seeing what a bad o line looks like for Philly, vs an abomination with Cinncy lol"
good thing philly sucks balls too
Lmao getting chippy
"So The Eagles throw that bullshit ""please throw a PI flag"" pass often enough that their fans even get in on the flop?"
attaboy alex
Good grief
Does he realize that not a single word he said was  echoing throughout the stadium?
Uggggghhhh
False start? Nice just nice
their punter got some biceps
I like the time out there
Of course
Oh my god...
Well at least we got 3
good stuff randy
hopefully Philly doesn't remember that we suck against the run.
"I hate watching this offense. Can we attempt some sort of big play? There are ways to get Burrow more time, like play action and keeping more protection. Establishing the run also keeps the d line honest. This looks like a college offense."
I absolutely hate how this ref says “penalty”
"The play calling has been a complete 180 from the last two weeks. The only thing that's worked at all this year has been short yardage throws (obviously cause of the oline) but nearly every play today is medium yardage that requires time to develop, or plays where 4 guys run to the same spot and is easily defended. 

Is like to see some more creative running plays too. They do 2 runs for one yard down the middle and suddenly decide they don't need to run ever again."
Unbelievable
Made sure to get to Hofbrauhaus to get a large beer because holy shit this team makes me drink
I like Wentz more when he overthrows his receivers by 12 yards
leave it to us to make wentz look like lamar jackson
Why is Lou our D coordinator again?
Wow.... Wow.
God these are easy gains
That play has worked every single time
We can't cover middle
Can we get a fucking peewee coach to teach the d how to wrap up?
Cmon guys tighten up
Can someone please light a fire under our team! Maybe we need to pipe in some tiger growls on our sideline or something.
Where do I get flair?
smart moves pratt
There we go.  Feed boyd
"Not trying to be salty just asking because I don't really understand the rule.....  but 85 on the Eagles made a block on a pass, but didn't turn his head at all.  Kinda just jumped up and into the receiver.  Is that not interference in the NFL? I thought that  was one difference between college and pro level, is that in the pro level you have to turn your head and ""spot the ball"" on that play?"
Burrow is getting a little more time this drive
Maybe line has figured out what the defense is doing? Tons of time!!
Teeeeeeeeee!
When Joe gets a clean pocket he’s so good
TEEEEEE
fred johnson with the whiff
Good job gio
Noice
"See what happens when you give Burrow time?

He's actually a solid QB"
When Joe has time he gets the completion
Is green playing? Am I missing something?
Wow first downs when Burrow has time. Who would have thought?!?!?
His microphone finally works!
How’s Bobby looking? Improving any after years of sucking? Hehe
Good job Tate
Penal..teeeeeeee
"Idk what it is about this ref, but I do not like how he talks lol"
For three weeks everyone has been saying joe is going to get a big time hurt because of our shit offensive line. This is going to be bad. No changes are coming.
That's nice.
Great decision joe!
Play Action to Sample?
Gio :3
Where tf is Mixon?!?!
Who's 77 Bengals
Lol
Pass twice
That was ideal let the clock run
QB sneak or play action
Ayyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Why is Bullock still on the team?
I swear that went out of the side of the end zone
Goddamn Randy
Amazing
Wow
My heart
??????
What happened?!! Ughhhh my stream froze
"Never play zone again, guys. 

Why move away from what's working?"
Leave Lou on the tarmac
Zone is garbage
All th we coaches are fucking bums
Go for the hail Mary
Jesus fuck...
Tank for Penei Sewell
Just started watching. How has the Bengals looked so far?
That was a hell of a catch tho ertz
Well fuck
We need a stop or to at least hold them to a fg.  This d needs to step up!
Please 3rd and long dont give it up!
Good thing we didn't give green that extension.
Never been happier to see Billy Price in lolol
Joe doing his best James Harden impression
"Let’s do another screen, that’ll do the trick"
tb is clutch on 3rd down
Burrow to Boyd connection
Burrow to Boyd running the quick slant is just automatic.
**YEAH BOYD**
TYLER BOYD
I love Boyd
"LOL 

BEAUTIFUL"
"The james Harrison commercial, I would run for my life too, dude would probably try and crack your head open"
TEE TAKE 2!
Tee is gonna be great!!!!
Higgins!!
I can just hear Lap screaming wOoooOoO touchdown Higgins!!
Is aj healthy?
I know it's a tight game. But why don't they try that new OL from Kansas at right tackle?
Come on defense big stop
INT LESGO D
THIS IS POGGERS
AJ sighting!
"""We gon expose you boy"""
Burrow's on fire.
We gunna win this!!!
MIXON
ewww inadvertent ju jitsu
"Ah man, Tate had his hand on that!"
2 fades and a 2nd and 10 run. What a waste of a drive.
Is one more stop too much to ask for?
Nice tackle there
"C’mon, Wentz. Throw another pick.

Y’know you want to..."
At least Wilson can tackle
Another 3rd and 10. COVER ERTZ!!!
logan is everywhere
Make a stop D gawwhhh
Thank god wentz sucks
LMAO WENTZ OR DALTON
Oh thank god
Wentz is injury prone yet is hitting his helmet on stuff. Smart.
Wentz sucks eggs
These announcers have been wrong about players names multiple times
2nd an 10.... I wonder what they could possibly be planning to do here
Geezus NFL when did you start implementing 10 minute commercial breaks
How is NCIS Still on the air? Who stills watches that show?
should be a free play!
thank god that wasn’t on the offensive line
I don’t care if it runs the clock stop running the fuckin ball
BOYD IS BALLING
Oh my god
He’s a magic man
Dude wow
"As a cinci fan of 30 years, this philly o line and qb are trash"
Who got blown up there?
I knew he should've audibled there
He is moving like a tremendous machine!!!!!
That’s my quarterback!
If he was pushed out then wouldn't he be able to come back in?
Unreal
"When the o line holds up this is a borderline playoff team to maybe being a playoff team. The defense has made a handful of major mistakes but doing pretty good overall. Everyone downplayed this defense coming into this game, but I would have been surprised if they looked as bad as last week."
*Sad Who Dey noises*
That throw to 85😍😍😍
Even if you re establish you can’t be first to touch. As a WR what’s the point
WHY CANT WE HAVE NICE THINGS
Fuck yeah!!
Gio!!!!
Fuck yes!!!
Ball dont lie
Well shit
:{D GIO
Now that was a great call.
>
I've missed that ...
OH MY GOD
Let’s Go GIO!!!
"Let’s score here guys, no mistakes!!"
:3
That was such a good playcall on 3rd.  Read that D like a book.
Helmet to helmet!
"Mixon keeps slowing to look for a hole, just go forward my dude your momentum will get some!!"
Have a game Tee let’s go
The pitches aren't working. Why do them so much
Why are we even running?
"Higgins is balling out. This game was coming, glad it happened Week 3."
How about those halftime adjustments!!
Seriously quit running the ball. Mixon is averaging like 1 yd per carry.
Lets go Bengals!! Joe has me rooting for you guys so hard every week. Yall bout to get scary if you keep progressing and building around him this well. Also goddamn Carson Wentz is trash
Ooooofff that looked aj green esc
"If 9 & 85 is the future, we have a very bright and long future."
have we had any positive yardage on a outside run?
Need TD here
Uhh nice false start i guess
Clearly we win through burrow. Until we get a line we can run the ball. Especially not in the redzone
Fuck the eagles and all these dirty ass hits. Holy shit
why are we running the ball
Signature fat Randy shank coming? Please god no. Lets get a TD.
Not Obese Randy!
here comes fat randy
Holy shit a tackle
Wentz about to shit the bed one more time so we can put it away. Lets fuckin go!
Good timeout IMO
Cmon
Yeah Jackson don’t act surprised
Christ
"Oh God, we're screwing up again."
Omg these penalties
Sigh.
"Great, we only have 1 timeout to go back down the field"
Just stop and then run into the defender next time we need a first
"""Ah shit, here we go again."""
How is it first and goal on our 32?
Put them at there own 10 and make it 1st and goal so we can start playing our regular defense again
Something weird with the bot. 1st and goal on the 32...
Peak 96
Oh god there’s still hope
It's over
Fuck
COME ON GUYS
Wentz had that look in his eye but for fucks sake
I fucking hate this team. We can’t even hold off a fucking practice squad to win a game.
"Gotta scrape and claw to even have a shot at beating the Eagles... settle in for a long session this year, fellas."
We got this baby!
Time for Wilson to finally bust one loose
"Game’s not over yet, boys."
D was bad but we gotta score TDs
"Goddamit, didn’t we tie these guys last time we were here?"
I’m flabbergasted
Thank god
Here we go Joe. Show us what you got.
Stunt on these hoes 😭
Won the coin toss.. at least we can win that.
Do it to them Burrow
Please don't O line just don't be garbage this drive
Burrow knows he’s getting 5 wr sets
CBS bonus coverage comes through. Finally able to see the game!
You all will win. Trust me.
joe burrow might have a 10min drive here tbh 😂
Well its up to our defense...   we're boned
Game
"good vibes only, who’s w me"
Bad decision by Joe to throw to Green at the LOS
why didn’t we look for boyd on 3rd down lmao
Wow what a punt
Ballgame
#GOOD VIBES ONLY
Fuck Zac Taylor.
Nice try JB3
Fuck
Bro
Come on Defense! Show everyone that this group is upgraded from last year!
JESSE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Ruh roh.
3 and out let’s go D
Wow
"This team always fails to make ""the play."""
god left
"Dunlap out, that's just wonderful"
Well this is suboptimal
Should be good field position.
"Stream just cut to NYJ IND.

Sadtimes"
"Ok um, thanks?"
oh my god we're not the Falcons?
How can we Bengal this?
Just realized how far deep into their field they were and we all acted like the game was inches away from over lol
"Quick TD, randy with the game on the line is just a terrible thought"
Ok. A couple good plays and we're in FG range. But...Randy... I'd prefer a TD.
Go shotgun!
LETS GO BENGALS!!
Looking like we are set up for Bullock to pull both hammies
YOU BETTER BE STRETCHING RANDY
Thank God the Eagles were dumb enough to not keep Foles.
More like Bobby Fart amirite
Bullsjit holding call
"Stunt on these hoes, Joey."
"Joe ""the Tornado"" Burrow"
"LETS SPELL IT OUT! 

#B"
Motherfuck
Kill me
Play action pass with only 39 rushing yards?  WTF?
If he doesnt hold him Burrows flat as a pancake.
why
"ouch. the only throw that got away from joe today  
(the hit did it, crap OL)"
Fuckin O line
Why is Billy playing center?
LOL. This OT is laughable.
I am pain
Please God. STEP UP.
quadruple cover ertz
Lets goooo
LET’S GO D
Watch this shit boys.
Akeem is legit
ATTABOI ADG
Get em Joe!!
Please lord sweet deity
Why fair catch?? Just let it bounce into the end zone
yup
93 yards and a dream
Just painful. Always giving us hope only to turn around and crush it
Why did we do playaction? They knew we were gonna pass
Nooooooo!!!!!!
The play action doesn't make sense to me at all in this game. All it does is give the defenders more time to get a sack they aren't fooled at all
I just don’t get how we could look at this oline for an entire offseason and think we were fine
FUUUUUUUUUUCK
Turner needs to go. Fred Johnson came from the Steelers and played well because he was coached so well there. Turner has had him for a year and turned him into Bobby Hart.
im actually physically sick watching this. should have been a win today. im not sure we are gonna come away with a tie
That’s a td
Guys on other teams fight harder to win.
"Do the eagles feed on the momentum and win or is this another tie

Edit and which is honestly worse"
Laughable
It was obvious he didnt make it dumbass announcers lmao
It’s nice that we aren’t getting blown out in every game but at a certain point we gotta win these 1 score games
Eagles trying to go for the tie 2.0
Eagles r the biggest pussies of all time
Tie baby!
LOL
w o w
Joey b miracle
This'll take a miracle but let's see
Ok lol
[deleted]
Can a miracle happen?
can't wait for this franchise to ruin Trevor
This team ain’t winning a game. 0-16
Joe Burrow game planning for his next contract with another team. Why the hell stay here when we play like that
pretty sure we haven't even targeted AJ yet...correct me if I'm wrong
"Seriously, when is some CTE rattled player going to rip a refs head off? I’d love to see it."
Can we agree that we need to get rid of bullock yet?
Well... at least there’s the Reds
He dropped it. By gawd this team is weak
Should have been a win but at least it wasn’t another loss.
Guys we arent gonna throw there. It was clearly a tie
Taylor isn't good enough
"For as bad as a lot of parts of our game has looked, it's a tie game. Now let's be fans and not just look at the ugly, we got ourselves a ballgame!"
"guys this game is bad. I really didnt think we’d see a game where we couldn’t move the ball at all. Mistakes sure, but no movement, wow."
Soooo who should we pick with the number one overall pick this year?
Mixon is not impressing me this year. Certainly not at his contract.
This officiating has to be some of the worst I’ve ever seen. They’re calling penalties on the secondary that aren’t even remotely close to being actual penalties.
Game over
"WHO DEY bitches!

Bless all the knees!"
Oh look they are at the part of the field already if we would have gone for it
"Speaking of walls:

Do you know what's more effective that our oline?"
We should put Ross in. I hear he’s really fast!
[deleted]
Lol I’m enjoying this teams blocking
Both of these teams are epically bad.
"Personal foul on number 30, eagles"
Does anyone have the number for Marvin? I hear he’s in Arizona.
I wish we would only play out of 5 wide. Burrow has proven he can pick teams apart.
[deleted]
"Okay. So, I'm not just being negatively rhetorical here, but this offense is legitimately too stupid to coach or they're coached to be this stupid."
Hahahaha
😂🤣😢😭
Bungalized again.
Just gonna fuck with Burrows stat line here
I feel really sorry for Philly rn with these injuries.
Please get a touchdown please please 😭
Erickson catching a punt at the 4...thought we were done with this.
Why was our linebacker guarding a wide out?
no catch
Stop running the ball. Out Oline won’t allow for it. Jesus Christ
Get the stop D! Pratt has been solid in open space
Can't have the small market win
Goddam refball
Fuck this shit.
Cowardice.
[deleted]
Jesus christ. Y'all are negative as fuck.
"You didn’t know which way you wanted to kick before you got up there??? lol, even if we win, beating the Eagles is nothing to brag about"
That’s ball game
Why would you call fair catch inside the 10 lmao
CATCH THE DAMN BALL NOOOOOOOOOO
Burrow just needs to fake an injury at this point
Fucking catch the ball man
CATCH THE DAMN BALL!
Fuck the brown family. Fuck jim turner.
Okay where is Marvin Lewis hiding?
They... didn’t even try.
Seriously Boyd? This team is so frustrating. Stop Bengal-ing around.
"🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡 group photo of our defense.

Edit: told ya."
Mixon sucks.
21 seriously pisses me the fuck off. What a goddamn bum
I haven’t smoked cigarettes in two years. I’m buying a pack after this shit.
"Well, it was a fun 2 games with him. Cant wait to ruin Lawrence!"
Holy shit Burrows.
Everybody calm down. Defense has looked stout in the red zone. Give em a chance.
They should just go for 2
"Why the fuck do you kneel? You have a chance to win in it in regular time. But instead turn it into a 50 50 game when you can go for the win in regular time and if you dont get it you OT top.fall back on


Absolute boomer decision"
Game
Why the fuck run the clock out? That’s 2-3 plays they just they away?
We're gonna lose boys!
Ballgame.
[removed]
"That wasn't even an impressive sack, that was just a dumbass move by a dumbass QB"
"Zac is so dumb, he covers his face when talking while wearing a mask."
[deleted]
[deleted]
this game is so boring
awful playcall again
Is there a game?
Pussy ass move
stupid penalties. What was the point of that?
This team is a fucking joke again.
This team...sieve on defense and the play calling of a 7 year old on Madden. Oline that for some reason this organization thought was acceptable and didn't bother drafting anyone till basically the draft was over. Im trying to stay positive but this is an organization that seemingly doesn't want to win.
this game is sooooooo boring.
Gameday threads are so dumb. Can literally be summed up by one comment. This line sucks Burrow is ruined. Yet here we are repeating it every 1 sec.
"Lol cam newton, he's been terrible so far"
21 is so shitty. And tuck your fucking jersey in
"Did the wind carry that ball or what?

/s"
We are giving up points this drive.
i love joe gettin’ rid of the ball quick. dalton could never
I’m preparing for Burrow to demand a trade.
They're going to bench Wentz at some point. Can we deal with Jalen Hurts for the rest of the game?
:3
:3
:3
:3
I don't know why y'all have to be homers so damn bad. No one is allowed to be the first person to touch the ball if they went out of bounds. Doesn't matter if they got carried out of bounds and sat on the bench. We are not getting fucked over. The refs don't want either team to win. But we are going to win
Nice awareness from Joe to call a TO instead of take the delay of game
Hahaha.  Wow. We bad.
We lose if we don’t get the ball first
Well. Game over.
Good game 👍🏼
[deleted]
Fun while it lasted
"So we can’t win unless we get a pick six right?

Edit: not sarcasm, just unsure of overtime rules"
3rd down stop then we are going to get the ball back get into field goal range settle for the fg and miss
They deserve to lose now
"I always get mad and say ""I'm not watching this team"" anymore, and then I keep watching. But this OL legitimately has me considering just checking the box scores moving forward."
What the fuck
Marvin lewis coaching there
It’s like this game didn’t happen
Waste of my fucking Sunday
Bengals should of kept Marvin Lewis. Zac Taylor is the worst head coach/OC in the NFL
"Everyone says trade Ross, does he even have value?

Higgins seems like a solid wr but I haven't seen anything super spectacular yet. Has the aj green comp, but doesn't seem as quick and haven't seen the catch in traffic greatness yet"
Kill a ref.
"I said once and I’ll say it again, the NFL and subsequently the refs want Philly to win this game"
TRADE HIGGINS NOW ABSOLUTE GARBAGE
[deleted]
man use your head 😭
"I think Joey B is as done with this team as I am. He seems defeated, who wouldn’t be after this punishment?"
Bates last year on the Bengals. Remember this.
Trade Burrow or trade everyone else for some line. Why watch his career end as a rookie
Burrow is done.
"Zac Taylor is an imposter, vote him out"
[deleted]
Why did the Bengals sign Mixon again in the off season? Dude can't even average 2.5 yd per carry. Wouldn't it have been smarter to use that money to sign an offensive lineman free agent? There's no use to a running back if you're lineman are trash.
Dunlap is done. Cut him
"Eagles fan here, coming in peace, hit wasn’t dirty, just a little shoulder check to welcome Joey to the NFL."
[deleted]
BENCH BURROW
This team is so bad. I hope they move.
[deleted]
Did Higgins jump Boyd on the depth chart? Haven’t seen Boyd out there much recently.
Alexander is fucking TRASH. I hate this bum
[removed]
Andy Dalton
🤣🤣🤣
More like Andy FALLton amirite? 😃
[deleted]
"Anyone know the best way to watch the game in Louisville? From home, not a bar."
"LOL came to new because I knew someone would be in here asking this, it's the most frequent thing posted to this sub especially before games.  nflbite or sportssurge . You're going to want a good adblocker and anti malware and also be familiar with how to navigate stream sites."
Sunday Ticket.
[removed]
Damn right...
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Ridiculous
That hit was late on the big hit
""
I’d line him up instead of hart
A for effort.
I fucking love to see it
Best play he made in his whole career
"My roommate said ""Ryan throw a block!"" during that play then we see him get lit the fuck up lmao"
Glad I wasn't the only one that appreciated it!
More balls than ZT
Low res makes it even better.
""
They act like joe burrow is 7 foot 300 and can take a hit. They need to treat him like Jesus Christ and protect that man at all cost
Not sure who’s is worse. Burrow and Wentz are getting obliterated. Both getting their damn heads smacked into the ground on every play.
"So how many seasons can baby Burrow get rocked every game before he gets hurt.  I feel bad for the dude, he could be fucking awesome but he just get klobbered all day."
"Seriously, just sign a bunch of fat guys off the street who would love to be NFL players. They couldn't do any worse!"
"As excited as everyone was when Joe Burrow was drafted, this was my biggest fear ... Johnny Unitas couldn’t pass behind this line. And it’s not like the Bengals haven’t invested a ton in draft picks and none - none of them! - have panned out. Jake Fisher. Cedric Ogbuehi. Billy Price. Jonah Williams. Andre Smith. Think of the millions they’ve spent trying to find an answer!!!! Poor drafting. Poor coaching. All of the above. SMH. Just sad."
"Lmao.   Live in California and a couple of years ago and the wife n I decided we’d become Bengals fans.  
  You guys (fans) never disappoint. 

Thank you."
"Don’t worry! We got a 3rd WR and 2 coverage LBs, who needs a line"
"No, it was this bad last year too."
"Seattle and SF got to be looking for RB.  Mixon’s a boss but I think for a lockdown tackle, I’d trade. FOR a guard too. It would hurt but not as much as seeing Burrow get ruined."
Fire Zach Taylor
We have the worst offensive line in the League last year draft our franchise quarterback with the first pick what do we do with two and three wide receiver and linebacker. This organization is more concerned about selling jerseys then putting a winning team on the field.
"I'll keep saying it. Drafting burrow was a huge mistake. Should have traded the pick, got all the OL we needed + more for Dalton and we would be 3-0 right now cause Eagles suck too."
[deleted]
We should pursue warford and any vet that wants out like right now. We aren’t in win now mode but we are in keep joe alive mode
"Joe wont finish the season if this keeps up.

He had been touched 20 times per game the first two games. 10 legit hits per game."
I hate seeing everyone go left and Zacky make Burrow roll right and Mills has a wide open clean shot sack.
"Seeing him hit the dirt like that and be visibly shaken enough for Finley to come in? 

Shades of Palmer.

Frightening. Our O-Line better start learning how to protect Joe or he will be broken by mid season.

While they’re at it...they need to shore up the D too...especially down the middle. If your RB can bust off a 30 yd sprint right through the middle of your D-line you need help. Bad."
"Whenever our o-line would block for a few seconds, Burrow would make a play. If we had a decent o-line, Burrow would be unstoppable."
Imagine if we drafted OL instead of Ross
Give him an OL and this team wont even need a defense.
Joe should ask to start on the Offensive Line. He'd get touched by the opposing defense way less.
We may as well just sit him whenever we play the Steelers this season. I honestly think he would end up being murdered
"It’s definitely horrible to watch, I have some hope because we have played three excellent D-lines so far. I’m interested to see what they do against a much softer Jacksonville front. Unfortunately we have Steelers, ravens, browns who all have disgusting pass rush in our division to try to take down the man."
I feel bad for him. Hopefully he'll have enough in the tank and can last long enough to survive and get on a team that knows how to build a team. Is sad to see what is happening to him here.
"The run blocking is atrocious, the pass blocking abysmal. It's fucked."
But no one cared when Andy Dalton was struggling thanks to a crap o-line.....
""
Can you guys pass protect ?
The AFC don’t know what’s about to hit them.
"> Which genre for week 4?

13th century Mongolian battle cry"
Week 4 genre needs to be post hardcore. Like Thursday etc.
I need an 80s power rock ballad version of this for next week.  With full on blonde mullet wigs.
OMG  😍😍😍😍
This is incredible.  I'm so bummed about the protection Joe is receiving but this brought a huge smile to my face.
I blame the outcome on this video.
More entertaining than the game
"lol so... you guys are a band, right? what’s your name?"
Love it
""
No team should ever put their kicker in a position of such pressure that they have to successfully keep the ball in bounds on a kickoff. He’s only human...
I have no idea where any of the Randy Bullock criticism has come from. I assume it’s mainly just an emotional response (which I understand) at the timely fuck up in game one. Dude can’t kick long FGs but he’s super consistent.
"Never been a fan of Randy Bullock. However, he kept the draft perfect for 2021."
"Je has been solid the last 2 games, he is off my shit list.  I need more room for linemen"
That wasn't on Randy it was on the shit D. Can't stop the run... can't cover..
"Urban played at UC, his wife went to UC, his son plays baseball there right now, and he coached Burrow, just sayin. I also believe Urban is an egomaniac and believes if he wins a super bowl with the bengals then he’d be on Paul Brown level."
Give ZT a chance man
Sure
"You do remember that he had to retire for health concerns, right?"
"Outside fan with no horse in this race, but outside of the gutsy 4th down calls and faith in Burrow, I have seen very little from ZT that has been impressive. Almost frustrating to watch the playcalling."
"Urban Meyer was getting left behind, schematically, before he resigned from OSU. He was good because he could recruit."
His style is not fitting for pro football
"Within today's game I've seen a lot of connections between Burrow and Boyd, and I feel like there is something good from these two. With AJ still needing to get back into the swing of things, Boyd has stepped up as probably the best WR for the Bengals as of now. Praying to the NFL gods that this is as good of a connection as it was for Andy Dalton and AJ Green a few years back."
I feel like Boyd’s route running has gotten significantly better too
Eagles Defense is also exceptionally bad against slot WR and TEs and Green was expected to see a lot of coverage from Slay so it could been game plan dependent even more this week
BIGGG DICKKK JOEEE. New beginnings baby
[deleted]
"Tyler Kroft - 2 receiving TDs

Rex Buckhead - 2 rushing TDs, 1 receiving TD

Darqueze Dennard - INT in the endzone

Jake Elliot - 3/3 including a 54 yarder

Andrew Whitworth - :,("
Tee Higgins
Sexy Rex saved my ass in fantasy
"cool. how many other teams can cherry pick former players that have great weeks? seriously, what would burkhead, kroft, dennard and elliott bring to this team that would translate to wins? get outta here with this shit."
[removed]
We paid him market value but have no offensive line to go with him. Bengals fans aren’t asking the exact same question but similar... why are we not using him more?
Hmm we give him that money cause he’s a top tier running back dumbass
Because he is really good?
"Sorry about your fantasy team. Gtfo.

Our o line is poop and we ha ea rookie QB so teams are stuffing us left and right.

He's worth every penny tho."
"Mixon 14 yard screen pass right after you posted this 😂

Get ready to eat crow. Mixon is a beast."
"Wait, you expect Bengals fans to make sense of anything our owner does? If we could do that, we would be making some big money 😂"
[removed]
[removed]
And I’m loving it
Higgins making plays too. Future looks good if we fan fix the line
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
""
"This is my blood sugar rising for the entirety of the Bengals game, starting at game time. 😂 The stress of a game is literally bad for my Type One diabetic health."
How is it now?
[removed]
Plus Fletcher Cox is a dog
[removed]
"Can’t believe the only offseason move was to sign Su’a-Filo. I’m praying that Joe can stay healthy throughout the full 16 games, this is looking rough."
"Coming from a Texan who watched David Carr's career go bust in under 16 games because he got sacked like 76 times, I feel for y'all. I really hope Joe survives this.  

For transparency, I do not think David Carr was as talented as Joe Burrow is, but he did have a ton of talent, and our O-line literally ruined him in one year"
O Line is way worse than I could imagine. The RG is unbelievable.
"Edit: I totally already forgot today was a tie. I'm a idiot. That being said I still think our line is so bad we could somehow tie and still go 0-16.

Our defense gave up some bonehead penalties today and we looked absolutely comical in that blown zone coverage TD, but I can't put today's loss on them.

Our loss today is firmly in the hands of the offensive line. Jonah and Hopkins are the only two worth their salt. We would have had this game in hand easy if the line didn't crumble every time they even got breathed on. We don't even need a GOOD line, just an adequate one. I feel sick after today's game. This was the most discouraging one of the season so far to me. I honestly think we could go 0-16 because of our offensive line. Jim Turner needs to be fired immediately."
That's what happens when you hire a coach that has no desire whatsoever to improve the offensive line.
joe aint making it 16 games poor dude. Sucks if we have a chance a jamar chase we probably have to pass to draft 7 o-line with every pick.
"As much as I hate to admit, I think we could have kept Dalton on for another year. Judging by these first 3 games alone.

That being said, not many QBs would be successful behind this o-line."
"The entire offensive play call needs to change if Smoking Joe is gonna survive this season. Shotgun every snap, and passes are short timing routes or screen passes. Don't know how to utilize the run game though, because without an OL, Mixon has to make his own holes."
"Our defense gave up some bonehead penalties today and we looked absolutely comical in that blown zone coverage TD, but I can't put today's loss on them.

Our loss today is firmly in the hands of the offensive line. Jonah and Hopkins are the only two worth their salt. We would have had this game in hand easy if the line didn't crumble every time they even got breathed on. We don't even need a GOOD line, just an adequate one. I feel sick after today's game. This was the most discouraging one of the season so far to me. I honestly think we could go 0-16 because of our offensive line. Jim Turner needs to be fired immediately."
"Hate to say it, but if AJ has no value on the trade market, then we must consider sacrificing joe Mixon in a trade for (an) Oline men. I wouldn’t part ways with any young player on defense but I’d consider any of the older players in a trade too. 

Something has to be done NOW or the Joe Burrow era never gets off the ground. 

I like Mixon but we don’t NEED him, besides he’s under- preforming here (not his fault). We can get his production from anyone. We don’t even fucking use him and when we do he has nowhere to go. He’s useless here and expensive."
"They should seriously consider putting him on the bench the rest of the year. 
He’s shown he gets the offense, the speed isn’t too much for him etc. 
Let the back up take the punishment while the O-line gets its shit together either with time, trades or draft."
Pretty sure Burrow is older than 14
goshwhocouldhavepredicted
""
Penalties cost eagles the W. We are lucky
[removed]
Those penalties on the Eagles at the end lmao. It felt like we were playing ourselves in OT
That tie was a loss. Nothing changes my mind
***(Circus music intensifies)***
I honestly thought we were getting our first dub today. We need to learn how to close out games.
Those back to back pass interference penalties right before the end of regulation seemed to have summed up the last 2 seasons
Tie yes but still....fire Zac Taylor. This team will go no where with him.
This is sad
"I felt bad for Wentz, he was so pissed at himself and the eagles incompetence. With that being said he never should have had a chance to tie the game if we could finish drives. I can't fucking wait until I never have to see Billy Price or Bobby Hart in the starting lineup."
"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_NFL_tied_games

2008 against the Eagles

2014 against the Panthers

2016 against Washington Football Team

Today

Why are we like this"
We don’t win by a lot and we don’t lose by a lot. We’re just there
Terrific
Bengals are a mom looking for her two lost children Offensive and Line at the supermarket.
[removed]
""
We can only defeat ourselves :(
The eagles gained more yards by punting to us than by playing offense
pointing-Spidermen.jpg
He did say last week he had never lost 2 games in a row... (joe did) ... i guess at least he's still never lost 3 in a row! hah
"Yeah, but you just *know* that damn time is gonna keep us out of the playoffs this year. Whodey!?"
Does any one else just absolutely hate the fact that ties are allowed?? Why not 2OT? Ties are literally stupid... play until there’s a winner
This is not acceptable!!!!!!!
Damn this team should be either 2-1 or 3-0 but unfortunately we are 0-2-1
3-0 against the spread though
Didn't we tie the Eagles before?
Boy Carson Wentz is hot garbage
Sad to see Burrow go from college champ to possible chance at winning the XFL's super bowl or whatever its called
Another ZACK fuck up he  ust go.
"Joe Burrow was going to be a great QB for the Bengals until Zac Taylor, Bobby Hart, and whoever is benefitting from the Mike Brown nepotism in the front office figured out how to piss away a good opportunity.

R.I.P. JOE BURROW if it does not improve."
[removed]
[removed]
""
""
"Not really, can see this effing us in the draft"
):)
It’s like kissing your sister or brother.
Joe needs some steel plate armor with this O-line
Uh why Detroit?
I wonder if Burrow is the first QB to get a tie as a starter before a win.
Look on the bright side we are already doing better than last season
lazy. we have burrow. it’s his rookie year. r-e-l-a-x.
I honestly rather lose than tie.
A win doesn’t even matter if burrow will be seriously hurt in a matter of weeks :(
"The only positive I see is not going 0-16. Even if that didn’t help us in the draft, I could not handle being in the same category as the Browns and Lions."
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
"I just want to talk, I just want to talk, I just want to talk."
[deleted]
""
Man Joe is gonna be hurt bad by end of this season. What O Line?
Fine. I'll watch it again.
Can I steal this and put it on r/eagles ? I need the headline as well.
wanna see the gif edit
Anyone else think the Defense did good?
""
"Me: *to those who played well* I like you. Run.

Burrow: Wha-

Me: I SAID RUN!"
They should give each O Lineman a snap at playing QB... let them see it’s not fun running for your life every play.
"I feel terrible for Burrow. Look at Tua’s situation for comparison. Learning behind a veteran journeyman. Dolphins draft offensive lineman in rounds 1, 2 and 4. Sign two more offensive lineman in free agency. Bengals basically looked at the worst offensive line in the league and said eh it’s fine."
"We need to use that gun on the two idiots on defense who committed the pass interference calls during the Eagles last drive during regulation. There is absolutely no excuse for those fouls, period."
"Cowboys fan here, Andy Dalton was my childhood hero and so the Bengals kinda ended up becoming my secondary team. 

In all honesty, I don’t think Cincinnati is in a position to win now. As amazing as Joe is, if he’s left behind people like Bobby Hart, there’s a decent chance he’ll end up somewhere between David Carr and Andrew Luck. 

As much as I want to watch him play, I would sit him down for a year, let Finley take the hits, use 1st and 2nd round picks on lineman or sign some proven commodities in FA, and try again next year."
[deleted]
WHERES BOBBY HART!
I'd just bench burrow the rest of the year until you guys can get an actual o-line. He's gonna be dead by week 5 if this keeps up!
"We can’t win a playoff game this year, Burrow keeps getting hit wayyyy too hard. Let’s protect the guy let him get comfortable in the league and work on our O-line. If we don’t do that I don’t know if we’ll ever be a competitive team. I hope I’m wrong but I’ve lost so much hope with this team."
We’ve always been building for next year. You really think we filled all the holes from last season with 7 draft picks and an offseason??
Make sure to drinks lots of water
I don't understand what you're suggesting is done differently?
"Not trolling, genuinely curious what the consensus is here. The play calling is pure shit, questionable draft choices, Taylor hiring his buddies with zero or negative NFL pedigrees. I can't name a known competent member of our staff. 

Jim Turner was a turd before he came here and has done nothing to prove his worth. Our defense is garbage, LBs routinely missing tackles and DBs getting burned by the likes of Greg Ward. Lou needs to be gone yesterday. 

Outside of saying the right thing in press conferences, Zac Taylor had done nothing to show that he's an NFL quality coach. And a friendly reminder that Taylor and co repeatedly expressed confidence in our o line and did not try to sign anyone of note."
"Hard to tell. Last year’s roster was well worthy of a 2-14 record even with an average coach. Can’t say I’m impressed by any means, and today I thought there were some questionable decisions. They are definitely inexperienced and were probably not qualified when they were originally hired. Personally, I think our DC and Oline coach should be on the hot seat between now and mid season, but I think Taylor should get to see the season until the end. I just really don’t want to see Burrow have to cycle through coaches like Mayfield"
"My non football literate spouse kind of asked this same question today, after watching her 3rd Bengal game."
"2-16-1

The numbers speak for themselves."
Nah the Jets for sure.
"Atlanta would like a word.

Also, FtF™"
"Yeah, we need to change coaching ASAP."
"Yes. Just look at what the Titans did a couple years back: 

They went to the playoffs and beat the Chiefs in the first round, and what did they do? Fire their HC because he struggled to win games. Now they have Vrabel who has brought a whole new energy to that team that makes them dangerous. We need to cut our losses NOW and start looking for a coach with a good resume, not this bullshit of who knows Sean McVay."
"It's pretty close. Better than the Jets and Falcons. 

But the play calling has been weak the first two weeks,  a little less today. Felt like they dont want to stretch the field, just slants and shit to ""fix"" the o line problem. O line coach is rubbish let's face it. Flip flopping on RG, cant get any adhesion on the line. 
Defense has made some strides, far from being good, but getting better pressure. 
Dont want to blame the coaching staff as we've seen what has happened to Mayfields progression under all that change, but damn the play calling has been lacking.

On the bright side? Joe still mostly pops up. If you're looking at stats, he's near the top at yards with not many turnovers.

Hopefully he can last the swiss cheese o line days."
"Tbh, I thought Zac made some good play calls today, but that damn defensive coordinator is hot garbage. How TF do you play man to man on a 2nd and 17 and give up 15 yards while leaving the middle of the field completely open? Good god man it is so frustrating watching them go out there and beat themselves. No excuse for those PI CALLS..."
Mentioned last week on here that we have 0 wins in 10 (now 11) one score games with Taylor and I had people arguing that it’s a sign of competitiveness and not necessarily a bad thing...don’t know how anyone can really believe that now
"Definitely the most inexperienced. We literally hired a QB coach from the Rams, who's only playcalling experience was in an interim capacity for 5 games on the Dolphins back in 2015, to be our HC. The Dolphins didn't bother to keep him in that role after the season, so that should tell you something. Our DC was a DB coach on the Giants who also never had playcalling experience. Brian Callahan our actual OC (but not playcaller) was a QB coach in Oakland who also has never had any playcalling experience. Sensing a common theme here?"
100%. Taylor brings nothing to the team.
No way dude Adam Gase is wayyyyyyy worse. And ZT is 2-16-1 lmao
"We got a bad coach and a bad staff because we were basically the least desirable job in the league. Now with Burrow and our offensive pieces you'd think we could land someone a little better, but who knows how long it will take us to get rid of Taylor."
One of the worst. Taylor & Co look inept
"NFL teams that stand a chance at a winning season consists of a couching staff that has leadership and can develop chemistry within their team. I'm not seeing either of those things and it shows when this team can't get a win to save their life let alone have the defense act like professional athletes. Blown coverage at the end of the half and two PI penalties at end of regulation shows this lack of discipline and lack of leadership within the team. Best chemistry I've seen is between Burrow and Boyd, but they can't win alone. Another year in the books and another losing season for cinci. Hopefully they can win at least once this year but I wouldn't count on it."
Yes
Yup it still some of Lewis regime fault simply because of the lack of talent. Defense coordinator sucks the middle of the field is wide open 80% of the time. The offensive line coach should resign. Also the tackling is nonexistent just like the pass rush.
Yep. The guys who thought O-line was solid as they headed into training camp while every analyst on the planet laughed.  They have made some very Questionable decisions.
"Yes. Maybe not the worst, but you can't argue we are higher than the bottom 3."
"I cant disagree, but to be fair the coaching pool was pretty dry during the off-season when Taylor was hired. He had potential but his inexperience is painfully obvious, and his position coaches are not getting it done, for the second straight season. The bengals should have beat the Chargers, and they should have won today. Could and should be 2-1 on the season. I think Taylor needs to be replaced."
Yes
Dan Quinn and the Falcons own this particular honor
Three letters: ATL
"Imy opinion, he’s not good and spends most of his time trying to “outcoach” his opponent... as if timeouts to kill your momentum and offensive sets with 8 seconds left and no timeouts are somehow good decisions."
"Hey guys. I am not saying sit him for the season. Something needs to be done. 15 sacks, plenty of hits and constant pressure isn't ideal. Spending the game running for your life is good cardio, but what can be done to ensure you have a QB week 7? More running and quick slants? Direct snaps to the RB on obvious run plays? Position shifts on the line?"
[deleted]
"Burrow knows how to take a hit, but with that said yes...we need better o line coverage"
Luckily Jacksonville has a pretty bad pass rush so I think he may only be sacked 3 times and hit 9 times next week.
">Direct snaps to the RB

Would this help? Has Burrow been getting hit on handoffs to Mixon/Bernard?"
"They have to stop with the fake handoffs. Sure, they are nice, but Joe literally has 2.5 seconds at best to throw. There is no time for that and I can't remember when he did that and wasn't hit for it."
Does anyone remember how bad Redmond was? I remember him having lots of annoying penalties but I don’t remember him getting beat like price or Johnson.
"Ya’lll Remember Andrew Luck?
Said this elsewhere: 
 They need to bench him the rest of the year- he’s proven he’s legit. The Oline around him is just not doing anything. Let the team improve via time, trade draft, new coaching etc. 
Let the back ups take the pounding, start Joe benefits no one long term. 
 He’s the future- treat him like the long term not the immediate."
They did better the second half when receivers started chipping edge rushers at the start of their route. Tic tac shit like that helps if you can keep the defense guessing
Up our screen game. What’d we have 2 again today/every week? And one was 40+ Yds from Gio
"I'm almost ready to say we throw the season. Swap Burrow in and out with Finley to spread out the damage. Nothing but incredibly short, quick throws. Lean on the running game like crazy and just accept it's over. Start again next season with an O Line draft.

Maybe see what we can get for Mixon in trade potential. I love the guy but a great RB is pointless without an O line. We're seeing that first hand."
"out best bet is to trade AJ/Geno/Dunlap for an average lineman. and let’s be real, even an average lineman has more value than those guys combined."
""
He should square up with Bobby Hart then
I dont think he can take the whole team on but kudos to boyd for trying
"Anyone know what question was asked that led to this? That’s badass, Boyd is a boss. That O-Line better take some notes cause damn they atrocious...."
Thats gonna be a lot of fights at this rate
"I respect it, not sure he can square up with our whole O-Line though"
Anyone see if there is a link to him saying this? I need to get hyped up for next week.
He better start with Billy Price and Bobby Hart. Also throw what’s his face in there that sucks so much he got benched for Price can’t even think of his name right now.
"Will dude who got the roughing the passer called on him today get a fine? Does the NFL review hits like that or just targeting? 

That shit was so late and unnecessary."
""
I liked the part where 90% of our big plays got called back
Tbf I was screaming the same exact thing lol
Which play was this?
Our line certainly is offensive
"Funny thing about that, the refs actually screwed up the enforcement on that penalty, in our favor. There was a loss of down with the penalty, which they got right, but they never penalized us the yardage (5 yards). It was 2nd and 15 prior to the play, and 3rd & 15 after the penalty. No matter. Gio still would’ve converted the first down on the next play anyway."
[deleted]
"This year might be a double Windsor, but next year might be an [Eldredge](https://www.ties.com/assets/img/how-to-tie-a-tie/thumbs/eldredge-knot.jpg) :)"
😂😂
""
Everybody gets to touch our son though
Can she play RG
"He drops passes and gives up on routes. He doesn’t play hard. He can’t stay on the field. He’s currently ranked 113/116 receivers on PFF. 



I think it’s safe to say this was a bad pick at #9 overall. Tee Higgins should get his spot for the rest of the year."
It was so obvious that Tate had an immediate effect on the game whereas Ross is invisible in every game
"Who would you take at nine? Lattimore, Watt, Ramczyk, Humphrey, White? So many good players chosen after nine, it hurts to look at that draft."
"""hE jUsT nEeDs MoRe TiMe""

He was a bust the day we drafted him. Terrible pick and everyone including our coaches knew it."
Mahomes...
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Jim Turner and his OL is 100% Taylor’s fault. I’m a big Taylor supporter, amongst the biggest I’d think. But he is directly to blame for our OL situation and he gets no free passes on this issue. He fired a proven OL coach for his 60 year old racist, sexist, career failure buddy and now our OL is this."
"I cannot believe the defense this guy gets from fans.

He's 2-16-1 as a head coach.  He hired Turner.  He hired Anarumo.  He was happy with the offensive line we already had, and consequently our franchise QB is going to be in an iron lung by Week 5. We brought in several big defensive free agents this off season and still can't stop the run. 

Taylor is in way over his head.  No more excuses.  He sucks.  If he were coaching in Cleveland and he was putting up this kind of performance, we'd be laughing at them.

No more excuses.  Demand better."
"I've been a Taylor defender for a while now but it's shifting hard the other way. He's the head coach so personnel decisions are entirely on him. He hired Jim Turner. Together they decided not to improve the o line.

If they get Burrow hurt I'm done. I really am."
"I would usually agree but the play calling to start over time was inexcusable bad. All game Joe was having success picking and choosing matchups and spreading the ball around, largely avoiding the AJ vs Slay matchup (which was the smart thing to do. All of a sudden we go AJ, Mixon, AJ, AJ, punt. 

That was just bad play calling."
"Well I think one massive problem is not fully addressing the O-line issue that we've had for a very very long time. 

Why tf did we select three LBs in the draft?"
He’s trash. The predictions of Shula 2.0 were completely accurate.
""
Dude chill out not even close to a taunting penalty
What?
""
[deleted]
"This entire play was so slow motion to me.

We could all hear ZT screaming ""throw it away! throw it away!!!"" multiple times. I agreed with ZT at the time, but then JB made a play that Dalton would have never had the guts or ability to make and wouldn't defy the head coach.

This showed me a lot. It showed me that JB will do whatever it takes to make the play, including disregarding the coach. It also showed me how bad historical QB play impacts my thoughts."
"I don't want to read into this too much but it's a bit telling when the bright spot was the QB defying the head coach. 

Also, was this the play that Higgins was ruled out of bounds? Or the tate toe tap?"
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
"I think it's obvious the writing is on the wall with AJ, I wonder if a trade would be worth it? This team with a slightly improved o line is 3-0. Thoughts?"
"I think most of us would be fine with it if he returned a decent olineman, but whos giving up a good one for AJ right now?"
"If we think the writing is on the wall, then why do you think the other 31 teams don't see it as well. AJ was Andy's guy. They came into together and trusted each other. To ask him to have the same relationship with Burrow after the injuries and short camp would be pretty difficult. 

This is like the 3rd post people think we are raiding the mint by giving up older players. This isn't the Madden franchise trade mode. 13/116/0 with major injury loss in time isn't getting you anything unless you want a 4th rounder let alone a valuable OL player."
"Who would take him? He has yet to prove that he can be 100% again.  Could be a great change of scenery guy, but right now I can't imagine they'd get much in return."
"Whatever you gotta do at this point IMO. It's awful to keep marching this shit heap out there. OL is the most important piece of the team, don't matter how good Burrow is if he can't get 2 seconds to throw. 

And damn, he's fucking good too. I actually do worry about him being compromised by bad OL play after what I have seen."
"Whatever we can get for AJ, Dunlap Geno and any other veteran we need to take it. We need draft capital and free up their contracts."
Injury-plagued Receiver who hasn't played in a year and a half who is an old 32 and becomes an UFA next season? What do you think we could possibly get for him?
Need to trade a lot more than AJ.  Trade somebody good (and not soon out of contract) to get somebody good. Or your going to watch your franchise QB of the next decade get hurt and ruined.  Trade somebody big enough to geta lock o-line  player.  Tinkering won’t fix this line.
No one is trading for AJ
If we can get something for him of course but I don't think we can. Only people on our team with any real trade value are Mixon and Boyd. You want a trade those are your options.
I think it's a very good idea.
"You should understand from answers to this repetitive post.

Let's trade for a better kicker, there are none and no ones is trading their kicker unless he sucks  

Let's trade for a better OL, there are none and no ones is trading their lineman unless he sucks  

Lets get ride of a quality player we know then all will be good with that trade.  

Whitworth is old ,trade him we will be winners then

AJ is old ,trade him we will be winners then"
I got wrecked for saying this last year 😂🤣
Biggest cheaters in football?
""
"Have a hard time understanding why this was a completion and Higgins’, also pushed out of bounds, was not"
Anyone have video of the play from the Eagles game today?
"to be fair it took a coaches challenge to get it called on higgins, just a good eye from the eagles’ sideline"
"John Ross hasn’t won many fans over in the past couple of years. However, he  *can* bring explosion on the offensive side. Erickson brings nothing to the offense. He is a solid punt returner but you’re not getting a touch down out of him. Put Gio, Ross, Phillips or Wilson back there, and maybe you don’t get a fair catch at the 12 with 20 seconds left in overtime and room to run.

Edit: for people who are hurt about Ross being a bust, yes he’s a bust. He doesn’t attack or catch. No one is saying that he needs to come back as the number 1 receiver. Just the number 6.

Edit 2: I’m gathering how much people hate John Ross. I don’t care how much you hate him. Even with bricks for hands, he brings more value to the receiving core than Erickson."
"I don’t believe I’ve heard a worse take today

Ross brings absolutely nothing to the table besides laziness and feet for hands"
wow this is a useless take
I think the problem with this idea is that Erickson also plays on punt. I don’t think John Ross’ body could handle the abuse from getting blocked and or trying to make a tackle.
These are the kind of posts you get when people that don't have a clue decide to voice their opinion.. I would way rather have Ericson on the field giving his all on every down and not being a liability vs. someone that gives very little and seems to give zero fucks on every play in Ross... With him being a healthy scratch it looks like the front office feels the same way
"You’re 100% right. Alex Erickson adds nothing unique at all. He’s the 6th receiver who does nothing on offense, and is not at all explosive returning punts. Ross has been disappointing, obviously, but nobody on this team can stretch the field like he can. I’d rather take the risk on him than the nothingness Erickson does."
"Maybe you try and throw a bomb with 19 seconds left in the 4th quarter instead of kneeling down at the 25, so why give ZT a free pass for no aggression with 7 extra seconds on the clock and 13 extra yards closer ?

Ross is done. We gave away far better talent for nothing going back to Spikes not being tagged after 2002. The guy had been threw 2 HC's already  and Marvin setting up his office. MB did nothing. Nobody is going to give us a hamburger for Ross."
"This ain't it chief. I don't know what game you were watching if your takeaway is that a different punt returner would have won the game, or that Ross would have done better than Tee or Auden"
""
""
You should never let a child stand so close to a train wreck.
Yes. Or teaching them to live with defeat and weird cautious optimism.
"Legally? No. Technically and morally? Yes.

Long term? It will probably make them a better person."
Yes. I’m calling authorities right now. 😂
During overtime I told my daughter not to follow in my footsteps and to choose her own team
Yes it is.  This show in all its gore is at least PG-13
Is he out of his diapers yet because if you have any left over you need to donate them to Joe burrow in four weeks at the nursing home.
Builds character to be bitterly disappointed so many times as a child
"Being raised as a Bengals fan, yes. Please don't do that to your kid. I'm 31 now (and married to a Steelers fan) and have only seen 7-10 ""good"" seasons in my entire life. I am just too stubborn to bandwagon to another team and still hope that they will make my wasted years worth it, but lets be honest this franchise is a death trap and is going nowhere with the Brown's running it. Let your kid pick their own team."
"my grandson would say it is. 

https://imgur.com/8HVmC5Q"
[deleted]
Have to be able to catch the ball to be a returner
I think we’d see a lot of bobbled and mishandled punts if that was the case.
"Yeah, don’t trust him."
Can we return him to University of Washington?
"Ross can't do his 1st job. He certainly can't learn a second.

I understand the impulse to try to use him or trade him. Just get SOMETHING out of him but it's a wash. He's a bust. Period. He's a first round draft pick and we will never get any decent portion of that invest back. It sucks but it's probably true."
I keep hoping he's like Charlie Sheen in Major League. Get this guy some glasses and he catches everything.
John Ross shouldn't even be on the active Roster.
Ross needs to be active over Erickson. Erickson does nothing but fair catch the ball and maybe return one for 5 yards every now and then. Surely you could just put Gio Bernard back there to do that.
"Joe Burrow had 44 drop backs he was hit 18 times and sacked 8 times. The math works out to Joe being hit on 59% of his drop backs. I wonder if those numbers are “Blown out of proportion.”


Edit: I was misread the stat sheet and was informed that I was 18 times instead of 26 times. This works out to 40% of his drop backs. Still not a great percentage of drop backs getting hit. This also changes the percentage of hits on drop backs for Wentz to 10% instead of 17%."
For comparison sake. Carson Wentz had 47 drop backs was only sacked 3 times and hit 5 times. So the math on that comes ends up being 17%.
I mean 17/59 is a proportion... But the only one I see blowing things out of their proportion is ZT saying it's not that bad lmao
We need to trade AJ Green and John Ross for some Oline help.
Is this something someone said somewhere?
"I don't disagree, but just so you know usually sacks are included in QB hits. I guess it depends on the specific metric, but that's how official NFL stats are. So it's 18 hits total, not 18+8"
He’ll realize that in order to win you have to spend money
You realize they spent like 130 plus million in FA.??
Didn’t we spend the 2nd or 3rd most money in the league in FA this year
"That's the most depressing part, they did spend this year.  Just not on OL."
Hahahahahahahaha
"Nah, we spent well for the first time. Two things tho - we were reluctant to grab a stud, which we need to do next off season. Part of that might have been because we had no idea what we were gonna pay the guys we had, and hadn’t released dalton yet. Second thing, we gotta do the same thing next offseason, spent a lot. Get a stud, add depth, draft well again. Then we’ll hit the playoffs."
Ironically we spent a lot of money and have seen...0 improvement lol
[removed]
"These weeks have been increasingly frustrating because I feel like rather than the players, our coaching staff has let the team down immensely. Its completely inexcusable that Zac Taylor decided not to make significant changes to the Oline through FA and the draft, and refuse to at least try the one draft pick we did make on the O-line. This coaching staff's commitment to Bobby Hart is mind boggling. Playing Fred Johnson at RG rather than benching Hart and having Johnson play the position he's obviously better suited for makes little sense to me(obviously I wasn't there for camp though). Honestly I'm not a huge fan of coaching turnover in the middle of the season, so I'm willing to give Taylor at least until the end of the season to figure this out. However, Jim Turner needs to go right now and Lou should be following him in 3-4 weeks if this atrocious play continues. The saddest part to me is that given our team's history with Mike Brown, I don't see the changes in coaching(mainly firing Taylor if this continues) happening as soon as they need to be. Ideally if we finish out this season in the range of 3-13 plus or minus a game Zac Taylor and this entire godforsaken staff is gone, we hire Bienemy(or Joe Brady maybe??) draft Penei Sewell and sign FA linemen I don't care, whatever has to be done: just fix this O-line. Honestly with an average line this team goes 10-6 and right now we're at least 2-1, if not 3-0. I pray that Joe Burrow gets through this season healthy but more importantly he doesn't start to ""see ghosts"" like many rookies do when constantly faced with pressure. If this o-line turns Joe Burrow from the calm and collected franchise QB he is to a panicked shell of himself by the end of this season, I'll never forgive this franchise for it. 

Its just important to remember our frustration stems from our hope for the future. This team is so talented and I swear we're so close to figuring this thing out. I'd be ecstatic if this coaching staff is the one to figure this thing out, but I pray that this franchise doesn't make the same mistake of keeping a coach far longer than they deserve to be kept. 

Side note, Tee Higgins is awesome and I want him to continue to ball out with all my heart. Curious to hear y'alls thoughts on this!"
I too am starting to lose faith in ZT and his staff. It is beyond me how you put a Heisman #1 draft pick behind that sorry excuse of an O-line. Don't get me started on the Defense.
"The offensive line history for this team is so frustrating. We were told at one point that the Ogbuehi and Fisher busts were on Paul Alexander. Now we see no one addressing the offensive line, and Adeniji looking like a nobody since he can’t sniff playing time... so the question remains who is to blame here? Zac and Jim turner? Duke? Everyone? I tend to blame everyone and a trust that people would miraculously develop."
"You sir could not have said any of this better. I completely agree with everything you say plus let me add let’s gets Lou, Turner, and Taylor our now. Protect this young man! We need him!"
"I’ve been a ZT defender/apologist but... he either needs to make coach/player changes or he needs to be the guy to go. 

Quite frankly, I liked what Gregg Williams did during his stint as HC in Cleveland and I’d support him at DC or HC (but preferably DC)."
"Why is everyone on this sub, calling for heads of the coaches I get mike brown because it's Mike Brown. But everyone else is stupid. We all saw what getting rid of offensive and defensive coaches did to our team, it made the offense stagnant and the defense a wet paper towel. 





So, what's the excuse for calling for heads, yes I get we are 0-2-1 but it's not like we are playing awful. We aren't playing great but we aren't the worst, so what's the need to cut or fire anyone. We all knew this season would be a wash because it's burrows first year and also the fact that we are in the middle of a big rebuild. So what's the big deal, I mean we will get a higher pick, which would help us in the long run. It all works out in the end."
this is the exact mentality that got us marvin for 16 years
"Doesn't work out if the O Line gets Burrows knee blown out.

Fire Jim Turner"
"The overreactions are hilarious. Here’s an example of why patience is a virtue:
Bill Walsh’s first year in SF 1979 with Joe Montana 2-14,
Second year in 1980 they went 6-10.
I bet their fan base thought Walsh was a joke in ‘79 and ‘80 but in the end Walsh had the last laugh.
I’m not necessarily comparing ZT to bill Walsh. Just saying that patience is key with a new staff unless you want to end up like the Browns or Jets."
"Maybe if we wait long enough we can re-hire Zimmer as DC

Or HC"
Mike Brown will always be the eternal boogeyman of Cincinnati sports.
"I still fully support Zach Taylor. I think he’s going to come around but I mostly like the culture he’s created. On the other hand Jim Turner should be out of the door tonight, we have a top pick at QB that is getting mangled behind a horrible o-line. We don’t want another David Carr situation. Find somebody who can get this group to at least look serviceable. While I don’t love Anarumo the defense has only allowed over 23 points once this year, if Burrow had time to let his receivers run their routes I 100% think we are 2-1 right now. Keep Taylor, fire Turner, Anarumo is on a short leash."
"Bro the entire staff is beyond incompetent. It's actually laughable and it's only a matter of time before we are the absolute laughing stock of the league. Only reason we aren't is because people like Burrow. 

None of these coaches have shown us jack shit to be confident in. They're all bumbling idiots who were cast out of their respective teams. Taylor was given permission to hire his buddies and it didn't work out, simple as that."
Fuck you Zac get off Reddit and go improve yourself.
"I don’t think this post holds water at this point. Burrow was made the starter without the normal experience even rookies get. They put him out there 3 weeks in a row to get beat up. 8 sacks today... 8! 8 F-ing sacks. The coaching is lacking. Today they played to tie and not to win. They continue to fail to address the O line and Joe continues to get smashed. 8 times today, did I mention that? They give Mixon a ton of money but then give him a crap O line that can’t open up a hole. They hold onto and sit a first round pick receiver when they need another O linemen. At this point I don’t even know if they need a T or G more! 

Look, I don’t know if they need to fire someone or not but they sure as hell need to shake them and wake them (the coaches) up!"
Jim turner 100% needs to be gone. I've seen other teams with injuries/same talent pool be able to put together a serviceable line. The scheming and coaching there is most certainly an issue and needs to be addressed asap before our future gets a lacerated kidney or a knee blown out.
">We all saw what getting rid of offensive and defensive coaches did to our team, it made the offense stagnant and the defense a wet paper towel. 

I find this logic perplexing. You recognize that the new coaches result in bad offense and defense but then don't want to replace them."
I agree with this thread for Lou and Zach but I have never liked having Jim Turner as our O line coach. I like to forget he is apart of this team. He has zero reason to be here. He has not shown any ability to make this O line better. On top of all that he can be an awful human being.
"Zac Taylor is 2-16-1, what about that doesn't deserve to be fired. I've never seen a team with less of an identity and it is hands down the worst team at running the football that I have ever seen. This has to be the worst record of any coach ever who lasted 17 games. What are you defending and why? Is it because he managed to blow all 3 winnable games this season?"
"Seriously, I know this will be met with downvotes because we all want to give Taylor a fair shake but I've pretty much had it at this point. The dude is not qualified to be a head coach. Just today, Zac Taylor: 

* punted on 4th and 2 on the other side of the 50 down 3 points in the first quarter. Not that bad in a vacuum but could have changed the outcome of the game. Gutless call

* Ran the clock out to end regulation when we had 23 seconds on the clock and a timeout, and only needed a field goal. Gutless call

* Literally rolled over and accepted not winning at the end of OT. The fact that we ran it up the gut and didn't even take a shot at the end zone is honestly inexcusable. Beyond gutless. Shameful

Oh and can we talk about the play calling? Yknow, Taylor's supposed strong suit? What in the fuck is he thinking passing it on first down and then running on second down, how many times will this happen before he understands it doesn't work. And I swear to Christ if I have to watch another handful of toss/pitch plays that go nowhere I will pitch my body off a bridge into the river. This team is disgusting. Don't even get me started on questionable draft choices.

Taylor came in with zero NFL pedigree and was given free reign to hire whoever the fuck he wanted, which happened to be his old buddies who also have zero or negative NFL pedigree. He and his boys have shown us NOTHING. Taylor says the right things in press conferences and that's about it. The entire staff is incompetent from the top down. Blow this shit up yesterday. At the very least, Lou and Jim Turner need to be ousted now.

/rant"
"Pretty sure all 3 of your preferred moves are negative EV plays.

* Punting of 4th&2 near the 50 early: 10 yards further and they should have and likely would have gone for it on 4th (they went for it on 4th *5 times* last week, Zac follows the stats on those situations).  Where they were gives them a good chance to punt and trap the Eagles near the goal-line and get the ball back in great field position.

* End of OT: A sack there, of which we gave up 8, and decent chance it's a safety and we lose the game.  An interception and they can kick a field goal and we lose.  Compare the likelihood of one of those happening vs what it would take to get a win there - 3 unlikely things would have to happen in a row (a 25+ yard completion that then successfully gets out of bounds when they know that's coming, followed by another 25+ yard completion and get out of bounds, followed by a clutch Fat Randy kick)

* End of regulation: Similar to end of OT, though we had a timeout.  Slightly more likely we could score because of that, but maybe countered by our offense scored on nearly all 2nd half possessions, so we likely had a >50% chance to win in OT, meaning it's reasonable to be less risky there.


We have a rookie qb, an awful offensive line, a reworked defense with 2 of our best players out with injuries the whole time so far, and we've averaged scoring 2.6 fewer points than our opponents each game.  It sucks that it's resulted in an 0-2-1 record, but the team is clearly motivated and working hard for Zac, I think some patience is warranted."
I agree 100%
"* That early in the game, when you already don’t have momentum in your favor, failing to convert a fourth down could easily swing the game.

* Play before the half, I sort of see your point, but to even have a chance to get 3, you need at least 40 yards.  That’s two big plays.  You saw how much time Joe had to throw right?

* Same thing for your third point.  All that happens if we “take a shot” on the final play of the game, is Joe takes another big hit.

At the end of the day, this is a talented team with some fatal flaws.  Our D was actually decent today except for the final drives of the halves.  We still can’t cover TE’s, since forever it seems.  And ever since Whit and Zeitler left, our o-line play has degraded each season to the abysmal state you’ve seen through 3 games.

Taylor’s biggest shortcoming isn’t his play calling or his clock management.  It’s his blind trust in guys like Turner and Anarumo."
"Taylor is clearly in over his head. The play calling is atrocious, I can’t for the life of me figure out how in the hell we didn’t either sign another free agent o lineman or use our 2nd round pick on a o lineman? We do not need wr’s (at all!) We have scratched a healthy wr 2 weeks in a row , don’t get me wrong Higgins can play, but he is not what we need. They should have let Green walk ( they certainly will after this year) and spent that 18 million on the O line...."
Before burrow no coach wanted this job I guarantee and that’s why we had to get zac. Now there’s gotta be coaches (Bieniemy) who would love to thrive with burrow. You have to think taylor is on a short leash this year. Doubt he gets fired during the season but this offseason might be a clean slate
"Running out the clock to end the game and seal the tie is the definition of playing to not lose instead of playing to win.

You are 0-2, on the road, and the season - however early it is - is slipping away. And you call for a run without a time out, to end OT and seal a draw. 

Pathetic."
We can protest by not going to the games....oh wait.
"I agree with most of what you are saying.  


Running inside was not an option this game. Eagles, as dreadful as they are, field a ridiculously strong interior D-Line. Combine that with us having zero NFL caliber guards at our disposal and the only direction to run is to the outside.  


Definitely agree with you on the play calling. I cannot believe a 0-2 team playing it safe the way they did... Loser mentality.  


How on earth do we fix this mess before Joe is toast?"
"I like Zac, I think he makes good sound coaching decisions and plays on offense. I think if we had a half competent O line that would show but Turner is an awful coach and even worse human being."
"Wasn't it just a game or two ago when we were 5/5 on 4th Down Conversions? 

If you're going to do it there, why not here? Seriously Taylor."
Should been Bieniemy 😔
"Of the three major things to criticize, you pick those? Oof."
Why in the hell are we doing pitch plays with Mixon. He should be running North and South not left and right.
You’re such an expert mate you should go interview with Mr. Brown.
Been saying this from the first mention of his hiring. He sucks
""
Add Dalton and Burrow’s number together. The transition that foretold the prophecy
Isn't he also 23 years old?
In two weeks once he gets his 23rd sack you can add that to the list
Will be the Jordan of football
So super bowl win in 2023?
"Burrow will also be the first NFL QB sacked 23x this season.   
(sigh - FU bengals front office)"
Enjoy watching him while you can.
Not nice
We’ve played some great pass rushes
And we've really yet to play a good team.
"We need to address this. He is a brilliant talent and this o line is the only thing that can ruin his chances of being elite.

Sua filo will be back in two weeks I believe. He didn't look good against the chargers but it was a small sample size. Have to think he's at least a bit of an upgrade.

Jonah we really need to at least be average. Unfortunately he looks bad so far."
"Alright, hear me out. This team has awesome talent, especially on offense. The Achilles heel is obviously the offensive line but everyone else has awesome potential. 

This has been TWO weeks in a row where we had two WRs being a ‘healthy scratch’ because “we got a lot of receivers and it’s not going to be an easy decision every week.” (Coach Taylor after the tie game to the Eagles). 

If there is a roster with too many receivers, wouldn’t it be smart to TRADE either Tate or Ross for some sort of OL?! 
What is everybody’s thoughts on this? It seems like the coaching staff should know that the O-Line is poor."
"You could not get a quality OLine addition for anyone on our team except for probably Reader, Mixon or Boyd. It just wouldn't happen. I'm not suggesting we do or do not consider those trades but if you want high quality you have to trade high quality."
"Yeah that’s not happening. O line is a premium position and in short supply. If there was a team that had a starting guard or tackle available then sure trade away but I just don’t think it’s out there. 

I think the best bet to improve is move Burrow out of the pocket. They seem hell bent on leaving him there. Remember that last season they were just as bad. Then they worked out a scheme that helped. It’s not going to magically get all better but they can improve. 

It’s shocking how bad they are. They simply need help. Use a FB for crying out loud. Next off season it has to be the only priority they have. At that point move on from the AJ contract and sign a blue chip lineman and maybe a second tier guy. Then draft a couple. 

One more thing, until they can run the ball the pass rush will be unrelenting. Any team in the NFL can bring pressure if you can’t slow them with a run game. You have to keep them honest. Obviously it’s the same guys that block for that but for whatever reason it looks like poor schemes rather than lack of talent here. Coaching. I am not big on blaming the coaching staff but I do feel that this part of the offense is lacking. Whatever the problem this has to be fixed before anything. You just can’t consistently drop back every time and not expect to see pressure."
Trade a 2nd or 3rd rounder to a team that sucks for an olinemen just to save burrow from death
"This isn’t Madden, I’ve seen a few people ask this. Getting quality o-line help is not as easy as “lets give someone our 4th receiver”. Even though I wish it was."
"Ross for Mahomes and a late round pick, who says no?"
The worst offensive line last year. We take Joe burrow as our franchise quarterback. And what do we do with number two and number three wide receiver and linebacker. The Cincinnati Bengals have always taken offensive lineman for granite. Burrow isn't going to make it past this year with what we have now.
"Trade Green or Dunlap for potential because they aren’t the future.

Young OL who have potential is about all we can get.

Nobody is giving up a starting OL"
[deleted]
""
At least trash cans can win the World Series.
[deleted]
""
"> of

> then

lol"
I still don’t see how this play is at all the offensive line’s fault or Cincinnati’s fault lol. Just a dirty hit.
Our o line sucks but thats unnecessary roughness against any other team
This video needs it be played on repeat the first offensive line position meething this week. What a joke. All 5 positions look terrible
It isn’t going to work. EVERY team in the NFL could use a lineman. Good ones are hard to come by. That’s just the way it is. No one is going to give one up. Harsh reality but we aren’t trading a declining AJ coming off an injury and injury prone speedy receiver who can’t catch a ball for a starting lineman. It’s just not happening. Best we can do is use all that money AJ and ross are making and wait until free agency and the draft and hope burrow survives.
Laremy Tunsil required 2 first round picks as a reminder
"The only reasonable option I’ve seen so far is trading a 3rd for Zeitler. The Giants are very obviously in a spot where they would take as many draft picks as they could get, and that would be reasonable value for both sides. Maybe we could throw in one of our 50 receivers not named Boyd or Higgins too."
People think real life is like Madden!
This!!!! Or the obligatory “let’s just draft an offensive line” or “...through FA”.
I think the frustrating thing for most of us is that everybody except the Bengals coaches saw this coming.
"I understand a quality guy isn’t coming here via trade unless we pay a kings ransom.

But a guy who will put his hands up and try is better than what we have. Why not shuffle in and out some young guys who just want an opportunity?

It’s clear that Bobby Hart doesn’t care with his hands down and side stepping defenders.

How is that even allowed to happen? Burrow and Taylor should be ripping any OL ass for playing like that."
Vikings are hurting from losing Diggs and we’re looking to trade Reiff anyways.
I’d be happy if they try.  SF and a couple of other teams could use Mixon. OR We could be the Bengals and wait 8-10 years and three more coaches to do something.  Is this starting to sound like the 1990s?
"He will never be anything at Wide Receiver other then a deep threat bluff. A bad bluff at that. Continuing to try to ""fix"" him in a fools errand and will only hurt the team.

He is not worth anything in a trade. No one wants a WR who can't catch and seems to give up. No one will care that we have so much invested in him. 

He can't play another position like punt returner. He can't do his job. He absolutely can't do a second job. Everyone wants him to pan out. If he had value Anywhere they would be trying to find it.

It's hard. We have alot of time and effort invested. We invested a first round draft pick. I've been right there with you thinking ""If he could just fix A or B he could really turn it around"". But he can't and he won't.

He will be off the Bengals team at the end of the season and into free agency. We will get nothing of value from him and that will be the end of John Ross as a Bengals. It fucking sucks but it's time to accept it."
"I don't think he was a bad decision when we drafted him. I really don't. I know the knock on him was his size and injury concerns, but the guy had incredible speed and he ran routes well in college. Coming in to complement A.J. there was potential there to be dynamic. I don't know if he just didn't put the work in or what it was, but the guy just didn't make the transition to the NFL. 

The people that think we could get some sort of trade value for him are nuts. No one is going to give up an Offensive Lineman for Ross or Green."
"He doesnt jump for balls at all,hes small and gets crushed by tacklers,cant hardly catch, doesnt even look for balls at times.you got to put it right in his hands or it dont even have a 50/50 chance of being caught. Cant even put him on returns because hes not reliable to catch it plus hed probably get crushed worse then Erickson."
"Put Erickson on the bench and Ross in. Let the best returner in the game , Phillips, return. No need to even activate Erickson. Then we have all of our WR there. Next, run multiple wideout sets like the Bears did to comeback against the Falcons. Their play calling in the second half was juicy. We have the assets."
""
I hold my breath everytime he goes down
The toughest hit he had was a cheap shot well after the play. He's going to be okay.
[deleted]
This O-line is as useful as a torn condom and Joe’s the one getting fucked.
Forgive me if I say this wrong but can Adiniji really be that much worse than what we played at RG today?
He like the Giants. The Giants like him. They won't take a 3rd rounder this year.
We can call ourselves #JBLM. joe burrow life matters
"Or should we just sit Burrow?  


We are not going anywhere this year.  


Trading away rebuilding assets for 2 years of 30yr old Zeitler doesnt seem like a great investment.  


Im all for dumping Ross. He has no interest in reaching his potential as a football player."
RT is a bigger problem
""
"Paul Brown never paid good money to offensive linemen because it was his opinion that they were a dime a dozen and were interchangeable. His son Mike adopted that same philosophy.

Unfortunately the rest of the NFL no longer feels that way and pays offensive linemen well - especially the good ones.

That pretty much sums up why the offensive line of the Bengals continually sucks every season."
"Real talk. Any other org (including the damn Cleveland Browns) would have asked for heads to roll when their damn No. 1 pick, stud QB is getting smashed and hurried on every damn play in just three games.

There comes a point where it's like... Is there a damn reset button for the front office? I think literal cats and dogs could run this team better than whatever the fuck the front office is doing."
""
i am honestly scared. and feeling sorry for this kid
lets get this hashtag trending. maybe then front office will actually address the o-line issues
That was a cheap shot.
Wow highest I got to was 2 Mississippi on any of those.... Multiple plays there where multiple defenders penetrate virtually unabated.
[deleted]
"Yeah, I’m getting an ulcer from watching this clusterf#%k every time they play."
[deleted]
"tbf we were consistently garbage when we had the tiger logo, and had our great teams in the 80s when the logo was a fucking helmet"
Tiger head won't make Bobby Hart a pro bowl tackle all the sudden
Lol were the B team 😬
Chicago and Green Bay have just a letter.
Let's get this petition going.
Fuck it. Make a new tiger head. Mark a new beginning!
What about them Packers
The Detroit Tigers are ass though
"And so do the reds, Bearcats and Xavier... so?"
"Lol!! the teams that wore the tiger logo were all terrible.. Only solid players were Corey Dillon, Big Willie, B. Simmons and a few years of T. Spikes.

&#x200B;

Dillon and Willie should both be in the HOF imo.  i cant believe that huge patriots season and SB win Dillon had werent enough to get him in.

&#x200B;

I think we shoudl ditch the B just to wash our hands of the Marvin / Palmer era completely"
Ahh yeah forgot grown men need logos to fuel their play. Gotcha. That's what we've been missing and not proper coaches or gm.
I'm only slightly partial to the B because its an easy monogram of my first name and fandom.
Enough is enough! Get Eric Bienemy while there is still time!
"What has Taylor done to even remotely convince anyone he’s the guy? He hasn’t shown even a glimpse of potential. Hell, he hasn’t even shown a hint of a glimpse of potential.

The coordinators he hired are trash. His play calling is vanilla. The best these teams have looked is in hurry up when the QB is calling plays. He’s shown no indication that changes need to be made.

This guy was hired because he was supposedly a new breed of hotshot young coaches. He’s all inexperience, no hotshot. Can his ass and bring on someone capable of coaching at this level."
"I keep saying this, if you have a head coach nobody else would ever hire as their head coach, he probably shouldn’t be a head coach. No other team would hire Taylor as a head coach if he were available."
"Yep. I was all for giving him a chance, but it honestly looks like we’re moving the ball despite him, not because of him. Yes the oline is trash. But good coaches call plays that mitigate that as much as possible rather than run like 8 pitches to Mixon on 2 & long. The red zone play calling is atrocious too. Good coaches win close games, especially with someone like Burrow who seems to have ice in his veins. Get rid of Lou now and Zac at the end of the year."
I second this.
"idk if it's just me but like our issues are primarily defense and o-line so like shouldn't that fall on those coaches- now if Bieniemy wants to come here absolutely, but idk if I'd dump Zac for just another Zac lol we'd need an actual prospect coming in like Bieniemy or it'd just be pointless"
""
[deleted]
Jaguars is a must win. We have the ravens the following week and there is 0% chance we stop Lamar with this d.
Both New York teams are completely inept. If we don’t beat the Giants there are big problems. The problem is our worse position by far is the most important for being successful a good o line. If we had blocking at least we could lose shoot outs because our d can’t stop the run. We got the guy for it but when your right side is a completely useless bag of dog poo there’s not much that can be done.
“We’re not the worst!” Rallying cry for winners everywhere /s
[deleted]
In a heartbeat.
I've been rooting against the Vikings all year!
I would very much enjoy that but I highly doubt he gets fired
I would go to Minnesota and personally drive him to Cincy.
" I think we all would want Zimmer back, he's the last any of us remember of what a defense is supposed to looks like. 

For arguments sake: If Dan Quinn is fired would you want him? 
As a coordinator in a heartbeat, Im not sure if he is a bad HC or extremely unlucky. Our problem is closing out games it seems and he might not be the guy for that I suppose."
I'd already be on the phone with him as he's packing up his office in Minnesota.
"Yea , I miss Gruden and zimmer as coordinators"
Absolutely
"No, he’s has some very talented minny teams and only won a few payoff games. Much rather Beinemy from KC. Offensive guy that has proven many years of experience next to Andy Reid. If they were to go with a defensive guy, DC Salah from San Fran is my hope. Has a LOT of energy"
Id take him as a DC for sure.
All day.
Didn’t he just get a big extension?
Yes
Without question.
Absolutely.
No way he gets fired. He’s recognized as a good coach mane.
Easiest thumbs up of the day
"I’d take Marvin at this point, so yes I’d gladly take Zimmer."
YES
I wonder if he'd come back here considering him and Marvin were good friends and nearly all of the players he coached here besides Geno and Dunlap are gone.
"As coordinator or HC? In either case, yes."
I like zach taylor and i think its way too soon to get rid of him. He has done some decent work and it not like we are in any better position to win
"As a DC, HELL YES! As a HC, NOPE!"
"Chill tf out on Taylor y’all. Starting to sound like some fucking browns fans firing coaches after 20 games. Last season he was essentially still playing with Marvin’s team. And let’s not forget Zac finally got Mike Brown to play the free agency market. Our issues are on the oline and our DC. Not Taylor. Our defense gave up tons of huge plays in when using zone coverage. When your defense can’t make an entire concept work, especially with proven defenders that we have now from other teams, that’s not the players that’s the coach. And Taylor is focused on the offense. That means it’s on Lou. Plus, I really don’t wanna force the new playbook shit on Burrow like Baker’s been dealing with. Calm down on Taylor. He IS NOT the problem."
Imagine Zim with Dan Quinn as DC...fellas
Thats the dude who's defense won 0 playoff game here right? The guy whos coached a barley above mediocre vikings right? Yeah let's stay with the Marvin tree. Oh brother. No wonder this front office scams this fan base every off season yeesh
[removed]
""
& one is doing this behind a good o line and the other is doing it behind traffic cones
"I know its like a broken record, but imagine Burrow behind even a mediocre line? He looks scary good."
"1 int (on that terrible pitch) for a rookie with no preseason who has thrown the ball 141 times is unreal. 

Expectations were crazy high for Burrow but he has played up to them so far imo."
For a rookie he is playing insane. I saw that Burrow got an 86.5 PFF grade yesterday too
I think the Bengals need to get some new offensive linemen
Is this first three games of their rookie season or thus year?
"I was saying yesterday his ball placement is insane, like it's one thing to make 1 throw a game in a tight window or over someone and such, but Burrow made 4 throws that made me say wow. Only QB's making those types of throws is Mahomes and Rodgers.

You dont need that level or arm talent to do well, as QB is mostly mental but making a couple extra throws a game is big."
That 70.5% completion percentage yesterday makes me drool. Why can't we win?
Crazy that that Ingram pick was Burrow's only pick. One of the worst INTs I've seen this year lol
call me crazy but joe burrow with a good oline and good coaching > lamar.
"In Burrow defense, he is also a part time tackling dummy every Sunday."
Doesn't matter if he loses an ACL :(
I think virtually everyone believes Burrow is the real deal. A buddy of mine lives near Baltimore and he said he and his coworkers were already saying Mayfield is the 4th best QB in the division. This could be the easiest it will ever be to beat Burrow too.
"dont forget Baker had to deal with Hue being the HC those first 3 games until he was fired at the halfway point.

Best thing about Burrows, he will get a chance to grow and develop with Taylor. Hopefully Stefanski can fix the damage Freddie did last year"
"Here's the funny thing. You didn't need to use Baker's 1st three games from his rookie season to show Burrow being better. He's been better THIS YEAR too, despite having zero offensive line. 

This year:

Burrow: 64.5% comp, 821 yards, 5 TDs, 1 Ints

Baker: 62.4% comp, 564 yards, 5 TDs, 2 Ints

Remember, the Browns have surrounded Baker with pro bowlers freaking everywhere. And STILL, the rookie is playing better. Unreal."
Thank you for the awards!
"Once we get a team, joe burrow is gonna start the bengals dynasty"
"Goddamit, can we just steal an offensive line from somebody already?!

I could have a beer in one hand and hold my sandwich in my mouth and block better than these guys sometimes and I’m about as nimble as a square wheeled ox cart.  

That play where he was blasted and had to sit out a play only to come back in and have an unblocked linebacker run over him again was just pathetic!

Reminds me of my nephews peewee team where all the coaches are on the field with the team pointing which way the toddlers should go and what to do when they get there."
"burrow is better i think its just our O line is a piece of shit and needs to be fixed. We could be a ""Feared"" team if we draft some good people on our O line come next years draft"
"This graphic is stupid because it lacks any context whatsoever (for example who did they play and how good were those opponents is just one of MANY examples why context matters).

Not only that but who gives a shit about Baker? He's already the worst starting QB in our division."
Doesn’t matter if you don’t win
What's the point of this comparison? Maybefield is hot garbage. If he didn't have a great running game he'd be rivaling Jameis Squintston in interceptions.
I get it. but timing is important.  You want people to take your takes seriously?  Do it after the Bengals improve their O-Line and beat Baker.
"that the O-line Problem is defnitly there. BUT the coaching staff at this point in the Season cant really do much about it unless they are willing to trade aj green, tyler boyd or maybe brandon wilson. All other positions are too valuable for us in the future or simply have no value in a trade at this point.

So the only real way i see we protect burrow is by running 2 Tight End Formations with a running back beside burrow and hope he picks the ones off that come through. But that would most likely mean 0-15-1. 

I  just want to tell you to please not complain 20 times a minute  in game threads about this."
We ain’t trading Tyler Boyd that’s foolish
"Trade a 3rd rounder for Zeitler,  NY sucks too. They’re rebuilding. Saw this on Twitter and thought it was a very good idea."
I'd trade Geno for literally any decent lineman
"I feel like every post is like “Do you think we can trade Green for a someone’s practice squad OL” or “What kind of deals do you think we can get for Dunlap?” and I just gotta say Im not here for it.  
  
Aj has been one of our biggest stars for the last decade and has proven to be loyal and want to give back to the city despite Mike Brown and all our team struggles. I get we’re desperate and players like Green and Dunlap arent what they were in their prime but  
A) Theyre still good   
B) They are locker room leaders.   
C) if we start dumping veterans the second they decline who is going to want to play here? Look at Jacksonville and the culture they’ve formed.  
  
I mean really people. Yall always complain about not resigning Whitworth but the second Dunlap and Green turn 30 yall are like “Goodbye washed up old guys”  
  
Also if we did trade them we would get no where near what they were worth to this team considering their talent and leadership. Im sorry for ranting but this isnt madden and Im tired of people pretending it is."
"If I had to choose, I'd rather have some quality offensive lineman than AJ Green, Carlos Dunlap, and Geno Atkins right now.  The protection of our franchise QB is paramount."
"Hmmmm.... Pro Bowl/ All-Pro LT that could have been had for $13 million/ year (Whitworth) vs declining injury prone WR on pace for an inefficient 800-900 yard season with 5- 6 TDs who is making $18 million.

It’s not very tough to see why people are questioning the value. Dunlap is declining, will be 32 before next season and makes $14 million. The two of them have 20 years’ of experience combined (Dunlap and AJ) with the Bengals, the Jags are a totally different story, they aren’t even getting guys through their first contract. Silly comparison.

If we move on from AJ, Dunlap and JR, we will free up $40 Million. They aren’t contributing to many wins as it stands, it’s time to move on.

100% the focus of next Offseason needs to be getting an above average OL. I wouldn’t care if we are thinner at other places next season, especially on D."
Complaining about letting a franchise OL walk and wanting to get something in return for our aging veterans to protect our brand new franchise QB are two very different things.  I also think that you're very right that speculating about a trade is pointless because it definitely wont happen for a number of reasons.
"A GM's job is to evaluate talent and make tough decisions.  If we could actually get a quality OL for someone like AJ Green, we'd be stupid not to do it.  The issue is, that trade probably isn't available.  Otherwise, I do not agree with this premise."
This is facts i hope we still have them around in a few years when we are contenders
It's not like anyone would trade us a quality linemen for any of them anyway lol. People here forget it takes two to tango.
"Well...then you're a fool. 

The difference is that Whitworth was producing as one of the best players in the NFL...Dunlap and AJ are not. AJ has barely played the last few seasons and him and Dunlap are a shell of themselves. 

The absolute SMARTEST thing this team could do this off season is to start shedding salary of their under performing and  declining veteran guys and replace them in free agency. AJ Green, Gio, Dunlap, Erickson, Billy Price, Uzumoh, Ross, and Bobby Hart all should go. 

If you cut those guys you free up about 52 million dollars against the cap. Do you realize what 52 million dollars can buy in free agency? That's two ELITE offensive lineman or three REALLY good ones. 

You cut those guys (who are barely contributing, none the less) and the path and money is there to upgrade the team. It's the smart thing to do, but it probably won't be done...because Bengals."
"No rant needed. All you had to say was no one will part with their good online. It just isn't going to happen. You would have to make an offer they can't refuse, and it still might not be enough. The best bet is to lick the wounds this year, pray burrow doesn't get injured, and trade that first round pick. You trade green, ross, or the others and we would only get that teams bobby.

I don't think a number one over all pick would be enough to get a great blocker."
We are 3 games in a season that basically had no off season due to a pandemic and a rookie qb who has to get the ball out in .03 seconds or die. Fuck aj for not having 1000 yards yet.
Think we could get anything for Shawn Williams? Maybe find somebody who's hurting for safety depth?
The problem is I’m not sure what sort of trade value they have anyway. We would be giving up more than we would be getting in return
"Honestly, if someone were to offer a good interior lineman for green...  I say take it.  We have seen time and time again the great QBs can throw it to anyone not named J. Ross.    look at brady, brees, favre, manning, etc.   they could tear it up with essentially 3rd string wideouts. providing they have time to throw ( see Giants  vs Pats, Den vs Sea super bowls for  examples of shutting down a great QB). 

furthermore Green just doesnt seem right.   given that, his trade value is prob lowest its ever been so Id try and get him a  fat stat line in a game or two before trading."
This is a business and the business is to win. AJ Green is a nobody now. He is either still hurt or lost 1000 steps. You can't keep players around because you like them and because of loyalty. If you can trade someone to help your team you do it.
We should’ve traded these guys last year when they had value. They’re part of our losing culture and they need to go.
"Sorry guy but I’m all for trading AJ while he’s healthy and his value is still high. 
Cause let’s face it. He is gonna get hurt soon or later, again. And for every big play he makes, he fumbles the ball."
