text
""
"No matter how many times this same idea gets posted today, it never gets any better. It's a dumb reactionary idea that would net nothing but bottom of the depth chart lineman."
"*Monkey Paw Curls* 

Breaking news: Adam Schefter reports that the Cincinnati Bengals are trading DE Carlos Dunlap and DT Geno Atkins to the Seattle Seahawks for OT Cedric Ogbuehi and the turnstile from the south stadium entrance. The turnstile is expected to start in place of Bobby Hart pending a physical."
If you trade our vets this year it will be for picks not for established players.
"Yeah, let's trade a perennial pro bowler and all-decade DT, and probably the best overall player on the team since Munoz, for an average lineman. Smart move."
"It needs to be a prerequisite for anyone who makes suggestions like this to include the specific teams they think would take this deal, and what lineman we would get out of it. There is not a single team with an overabundance of good o-lineman"
What could of been. Story of the Bengals. But watching MNF and the Chiefs O. Man the Bengals missed out. They should of hired Bienemy. But it's not too late.
"Everyone on here complaining about hiring the guy who made Sean McVays coffee, while at the same time begging to hire the guy who holds Andy Reids clipboard."
"You know, there's a chance Zim could be fired if the Vikes keep losing and Judge is also an option in 2021. If Zac can;t get this ship turned the right direction enough to finish better than 4-12 with a QB this good, then we need to move on. The first 3 weeks have been a wake up call for what used to be an optimistic outlook I had of Taylor and staff.

Hell bring in the dude from Minnesota."
Hire Bienemy to play right tackle.
It’s all Andy Reid dude
""
Bruh we look at our team with the same rose-tinted glasses. It's a part of fandom.
Oooooooooooookay. 😑
Yo it's a bad look to be talking shit right now.
"Okay...

So a browns’ fan thinks Baker’s career changes on a drastic trajectory if Andy Reid was the HC?

I don’t think that is such a crazy idea. Reid is a hall of fame HC and Baker is a pretty talented QB. I would say on a natural talent skill, Baker is better then the Alex Smith Reid had. Reid made him into a top10 QB

I bet you if Darnold was matched up with Reid he be in the conversation for top tier QB

Elite coaching makes such a huge difference."
There's a particular element of this sub that I really dislike where our fans go over to Browns/Steelers subs to look for things to make fun of over here or go out of their way to pick arguments with their fans and then come running here for backup. Mods shouldn't allow it imo. It's a bad look.
What's with all the Mayfield hate?
"This is delusional...Baker is simply not that talented! His low IQ football brain would discombobulate from all the schemes that Reid will throw at him. He’d simply not be able to handle it.

He can’t make simple reads. He had only slightly above average arm talent, it’s not what people think it is. He’d be worse than Alex Smith in that Reid offense because he isn’t smart with the football and doesn’t have the touch and the instinct to play QB. He’s a flawed game manager. He can hand the ball to Chubb and hunt and throw his little 3 yard play action screen passes"
"Oh, to have such lofty dreams..."
Lol
""
"Offensively: 

They’re at their best in empty up tempo letting Joe diagnose quickly pre snap, spreading everyone out makes it easy to determine where the blitz is coming from and Joe is deadly at finding the hot. 

Something I think they could start adding to this offense is a heavy dose of screens. Mixon and Gio should be getting 5+ touches a game in a mix of the screen game and check downs. These are easy throws that can start drives and they take pressure off of the line, because if screens start to work you slow down pass rushes. 

AJ Green can’t separate to save his life, I would like to see him play more in the slot and give outside reps to Higgins. When Fitz in AZ slowed down Arians moved him inside and bought him another 5+ years of production. Plus if Boyd and Green are in the slot that forces the D to decide which slot CB they want on Boyd hopefully opening things up for Green. 

Lastly there has to be a commitment to the run, the Bengals can’t have Burrow trying to win games it’s gonna kill him. Even if they’re down they have to keep running the ball and stop having burrow take so many hits. This isn’t the year to put it all on burrow, we have to get him a year of experience and have him HEALTHY for an entire off season going into year 2. 

Defensively:

I think it’s time to start shopping Dunlap. They’ve been sliding Hubbard inside in pass rush situations, and having Lawson and Dunlap outside. I think getting Atkins back will allow a front 4 rush of Atkins, Daniels, Hubbard and Lawson. I know Dunlap is a favorite but I think he is the best trade asset we have. 

Jessie Bates is freaking balling out. 

It’s really nice seeing how fast our LBs are now they’re young and make mistakes but I think they’ll start getting better. They’re flying out there. 

We need a slot CB, Greg ward was making some crucial catches late in the game. 

If you guys have thoughts too on what you’re seeing I would love to hear them so I can go back and watch"
"I get what you're saying offensively about committing to the run, and I agree with you in theory. The hard part is that with our offensive line, if we don't get ahead of the chains and get good gains on 1st / 2nd down run calls, that puts it all in burrows hands and 3rd and long (7+ yards imo) are tough downs to convert. We gotta find a way to get Mixon 3+ ypc at least man"
"Even when the bengals had hewitt they hardly used him but maybe its time to look into options for the position. During sundays game I noticed they would motion auden tate then leave him to block on the line. I know tate is a big reciever but it doesnt seem to work. 

I feel like a fullback would add some extra depth to our blocking potential and help mixon out a lot. Last year the 49ers were 14th in o line but they still had an explosive run game. I know a lot of that can be attributed to playcalling and the bengals are very very far from 14th best o line, but the 49ers used a fullback more often than most and it seemed to work. Worth a try or nah?"
"I don't know shit about fuck.  That being said we gotta try something new because whatever we're currently doing is not working, so why not?  I'm sure some more informed folks would have an opinion on this but honestly they've got to try to protect Joe.  After watching that Greg Cook video someone posted recently, if they don't change something and protect the kid better I'm going to praying to his Noodliness in the sky that he may reach out and touch Joe with his great noodly appendage.  Ramen."
"I was thinking the same thing after the last game. It might help our run game a lot too just having a lead blocker out there for Mixon. Even if this was on the coaching staff's radar, I don't know who we would get though"
"I honestly think it's something that could benefit us a lot. If Mixon can be freed up to make a few more big runs, teams aren't going to be able to pin their ears back and rush at Burrow. Right now, our line is losing every battle so we can't establish a run game, end up getting behind the sticks, and then defenses are free to have a field day rushing the passer."
Why not? Can it be any worse? I’m sure Joe would love a second line of defense and maybe he only gets hammered 8 times per game instead of 12
"The issue I see is that you're pulling another man from the field for the fullback. Either its an eligible receiver which frees up a defender to rush anyway or drop into coverage leading to more coverage sacks, or its Mixon which basically gives opposing defenses a guaranteed tell that we are throwing the ball if they see our fullback in the game."
"Meh, the fullback is basically a dead position in the NFL. It's just not used a lot for a reason. Teams basically just use the fullback for very specific situations (goal line or short yardage). 

I don't think putting a fullback in is going to solve much. The defense is still breaking through this line like a broken condom. Having a fullback to help block is just a minor inconvenience for the defense to reach Mixon or whomever."
"I'd much rather listen to Dave Lapham and Dan Hoard call a game than whoever they throw in the booth. Has anyone had success with syncing the radio broadcast with the TV? I usually use rabbit ears to get the game on local TV, but I can also find a stream online if that would be easier."
My setup is using one of those bootleg football radio apps bluetoothed to my soundbar.  This delays the radio over the internet so that I can pause the DVR on the TV for a few seconds to sync up.  When the ref comes on the TV to announce a penalty and having it synced correctly is quite a thrill.
"It is pretty easy actually. I’ve done it in the past. The bengals website plays the radio broadcast online, so as long as you can pause the game on tv all you have to do is sync it up using the kickoff or penalty calls."
https://www.reddit.com/r/bengals/comments/9e94xb/sync_bengals_radio_network_with_tv_feed/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
""
Is it terrible that was my thought as well?
"You ain't lyin', then maybe Bobby Hart will go off on another conspiracy theory that gets him benched or traded, well let's be honest he ain't worth as much as a barn door on a submarine and they cut him. 

Edit punctuation"
I'm sorry what? The league is shut down?
Lol if college doesn't shut down for positives the NFL def wont
"I know this may turn into an unprecedented thing, but does anyone know how contracts work if the league shuts down? Namely, do we get to extend Burrow’s rookie deal for the missed time?"
"They're not shutting down all of it for the year.

I would like the Bengals to be proactive about Burrow's long term health. Sit him for the rest of the game if he takes too many hard hits."
This could be a blessing in disguise.
"The NFL will shut down for the year when multiple players from every single team test positive at the same time. 

Its not going to happen.

Also burrow needs to play nfl games it is absolutely stupid to think him not playing anymore games would help his development."
Shutting Burrow down would lose Zac Taylor his job.  That’s never going to happen.
We’d prob just say “we’re comfortable with what we have” and use the picks on depth
That tie probably cost us the #1 pick!
Don't they do the same draft order as well?
It would actually be kind of awesome. Lock our pick in now.
Wouldn’t even be mad. Not like bengals are competing for the SB this season anyway let’s be honest.
Jesus y’all are the worst. I know burrow has taken a beating but you can’t improve if you don’t play. He’s not been bad at all but you can always improve your game. Why would you go through a 2-14 year to play 3 games with joe then say nah we’ll just not play anymore
""
Instead of sitting Joe we could just run the ball a little more even if it doesn't work.
Good. Grief.
I'm officially on the sacrifice Finley train. Burrow can play football next year.
"I have read over the Bengals protocols for fans attending the game this coming Sunday. Theres a comment in there that mentions concessions will be operating but there is no mention of alcohol sales. Anybody have an inside scoop as to whether or not a guy can buy a beer at PBS on Sunday?

Link including protocols for fans attending the game is below:

https://www.bengals.com/news/bengals-announce-fan-protocols-at-paul-brown-stadium"
Isn't alcohol counted among concessions?
"This is a genuine question, NYG took an arguably most safe and polished prospect in andrew thomas at #4 and yet their line is one of worst, if not worse than us. That makes me think if we drafted sewell or next best prospect, would we even be average?"
At this point I just want to draft a lineman in every round
"You take the best olineman. The problem won't be solved in one year, but ignoring it doesnt help either."
"We would be better than we are now, which is all that matters."
First two rounds - OL. Also grab somebody in free agency that’s at least starting quality. Late rounds pick up some depth guys for the line.
"Penei Sewell is a potentially generational OL. If he is on the board and we take someone else, I would question if the ownership/staff is intentionally trying to get the team moved."
You're generalizing from a sample size of one.
Doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try.
So what are you saying? Leave it as is? You gotta start somewhere
I think the best case scenario timetable for us to have a good line is probably 4 years. We aren’t the kind of franchise that can go out and buy a line. We need to draft very well the next few years and develop them.
"What would be the consensus on sitting Burrow for the rest of the year?

The more I think about it the more I think it's a good idea. Everyone knows this is his team, but it's also a team that's going to get him murdered. If we're planning on this dude being here the next 10 - 15 years I think it seems like it's worth it. He's shown me enough at this point that I don't NEED to see any more I just WANT to.  That being the case I'm all in on the sacrifice Finley bandwagon.   


What say you Bengals fans?"
I don’t think Burrow would be happy about that. What we need to do is start reaching out to teams to see what we can offer them for RG or RT help. Basically any defensive player should be up for grabs depending on the offer.
No.
Taylor and the organization just needs to make moves on the Oline like yesterday. I understand not wanting Burrow to get hurt but sitting burrow will not be good in the long run like some may think. He needs this experience now. The organization just needs to get him help ASAP.
It’s not going to happen. They wouldn’t have started him at all this year if they were overly concerned about the line.
"burrow said himself that he kinda likes getting hit, he also joked to the coaching staff about letting him start taking hits during practice, who knows he may be a masochist"
"Well, some good opinions here for sure. In the end, you have to believe that he will be sitting at some point in the season. He's taking too many hits and one of them is going to knock him out of the game and the next couple. So, he'll be sitting while he heals and Finely will be out there running for his life. 

Now, Murphy's law will dictate that those games while Finley is playing and Joe heals, are the games the O-line comes together to provide mediocre protections and the defense tackles and handles the last two minute of each half... but, we'll have Finley out there and not Joe and we will lose those games too.

Not sure there is a Vegas line out there that covers all this but if there were, I might just be willing to put money on it!"
"Burrow is a strong competitor, I think he would be pissed if they sat him, no matter how much he's getting hit or losing. The dude just wants to go out and win."
"3 games in and your basically saying ""it's time to tank"".... No, just no... Like, for real? This is just silly...

1. Nothing ensures a good OL next year... Or the next year... Or the next year... The OL has been a complaint for the past few years.
2. Who signs someone to millions of dollars and sits them? Not going to happen.
3. Andy didn't die behind this crap OL, Burrow will be okay.
4. No.......... Just no"
[deleted]
No.
""
"Wow. Must be at least 100 pixels in that image.

Also, FTS."
Anyone have a less pixelated version?
yes indeed this is a fact
FTS!
""
"How exactly would they do the draft? Lottery style? Current records? Last years records? It may work even better in bengals favor if we cancel the year and the bengals pick near the top again. Maybe even give the opportunity to trade back and stack picks. 

Thoughts? Anybody know?"
"A couple months I heard somewhere that the NHL had to do a draft similar once and that the NFL might follow suit. It was a combination of playoff appearances in the last 3 years and #1 picks in the last 3 years. The worst of the two would be awarding the best pick and so on. So if this was the case we would not get the #1 pick again. But once again, no clue if this would happen, just speculation I heard"
Lottery
""
Would be cooler if I knew what his story was
"Billy Price is a first round pick, taken 21st overall just two years ago. He was a second team All-American in 2016 and a unanimous All-American in 2017. He played in the Big10 for THE Ohio-freaking State. SO here is my very serious question. Why is this guy not translating into the NFL? What is it about this guy that is such a failure?? Did the scouts just misjudge him so badly? Is it a scheme or system issue. Is he just not talented enough? I just FREAKING hate when first round picks are a bust and Lord knows, we've had our fair share."
"He has short arms and isn’t athletic, with short arms it hurts him the most, once the DL gets his hands on him first it prevents him from doing much. It’s a basic football term. Get your hands on the guy first you got a better chance he ain’t the one unfortunately"
"He was awesome at Ohio state I don’t get it either, he looked good as a rookie too if I remember"
"I remember his arms were [really freaking short](https://www.mockdraftable.com/player/billy-price?position=OL). He had one of the shortest wingspans in the entire class. I've heard that's a decent red flag when it comes to drafting Olinemen, but he made it work well in college, so I don't know"
too physically limited and lacks the motor to overcome it
The night we drafted him and the interview that came after I could just tell he wasn’t passionate about football.
Bengals were all in on Frank Ragnow out of Arkansas then the Lions snagged him one pick before us.... they scrambled to fill a much needed position and had Price and and Daniels out of Iowa rated pretty evenly... lots of teams had Daniels rated much higher than Price... we panicked and made the wrong pick
Because just because he went to Ohio St. most people here were ready to suck him off. Plus he has really tiny arms. Not really that strong. Was injured. Wasn’t even a Top 3 choice at his position in the draft. I was very very outspoken about choosing Lamar that year. But ya know he went to Ohio st he’s gonna be good don’t see how anyone didn’t see this coming
"I’m a die hard bengals fan have been for my whole life (24yrs old) I wasn’t around to watch the 90s where they were awful but why do I feel like 75% of this fan base is so negative. No matter what player we have, sign, any coach we bring in it’s always negative, I’m not naive to the fact that they aren’t always making the best choices but some people take every thing they do and say they’ll suck no matter what, like it you hate it that much why try and root for them don’t waste your breathe."
"32 here. Grew up during the David Klingler, KiJana Carter and Akili Smith days. It was rough but we persevered. Rome wasn’t built in a day. I couldn’t agree more with the negative attitude of cincinnatians towards our squads (including the reds who are now playing for a fucking pennant! Just go read the hate thrown their way only 2-3 weeks ago). Best advice I can give you is don’t let it bother you. Mike Brown does have a history of skimping on draft picks to save money but that is far from the truth with ZT and these new Bengals. ZT has a vision. Rome wasn’t built in a day. Don’t fall into the new norm bullshit of instant gratification. A lot of these dudes in r/Bengals share the same visions we do but aren’t children and understand it takes time. If you’re feeling like you can make a change, hop on Twitter, Reddit, FB and call for someone’s job. You know, be a keyboard warrior. That usually gets the job done. Who Dey brother!"
"Ah yes Mike Brown, the source of all evil. The overwhelming force for all the Bengals struggles. Mike Brown the man who broke Carson Palmers Leg. Mike Brown, the man who was so cheap, he couldn't even afford his own stadium and asked that Cincinnati pay for it. How evil of him to ask the Tax payer to pay for a Tourist attraction and source for Local Pride. Mike Brown, the man who didn't want his team in the playoffs 5 years in a row. Mike Brown, the man who fumbled in 2015 playoffs. Mike Brown, the man who concussed Antonio Brown. Mike ""the dream eater"" Brown, the man who fired beloved coach Marvin Lewis. Mike ""the cheapskate"" Brown, the man who only spent 200 million dollars this year in free agency.

You blame Mike Brown but don't want to show up for the Bengals. Cleveland has better attendance than us. Shut up, grow a pair, and support the Bengals or quit pretending to be Bengals fans you fair weather fairys."
"Well, until mike brown is gone, or the family sells the team, the bengals won’t win anything. We’ve won 5 playoff games our entire history as a franchise, which is now less than 1 per decade. For the Brown family, it is a business. And mike brown is a very shrewd businessman. Speaking of which, I think it’s about time for them to blackmail the taxpayers again. Winning mentality starts with ownership, and the bengals ain’t got it."
"Partially Cincinnati fans, partially football. Football is always nothing but optimism in the off-season. Then the first you lose, the sky is falling. Look at the Ravens right now. They're a top 3 team in the conference but you wouldn't guess it in their reaction to last night's game. A 16 game schedule lends itself to those reactions though. Every game can make make or break your post season hopes."
Because Mike Brown.
"Most people on this sub are not here because they hate the Bengals. We all want to this team to bring us joy. But for that to be the case they need to do something positive.

We’ve spent the last three weeks watching a team lose winnable football games. The coaches seem to be proving they’re in over their heads. Players who we hoped would step up haven’t. And our young franchise quarterback is being exposed to crushing physical punishment.

While there are some positives, especially the play of our young guys, there is way more to be upset about at the moment. It will pass, and more pleasant times will come. But it doesn’t make sense to sugar coat things when they are as bad as they are right now. Win some games and find a way to protect Joe, and things will get better."
"Mike Brown, the man who threatened to move the team if the city didn’t pay for the stadium. Mike Brown, the man whose scouting department is the smallest in the NFL. Mike Brown, the man whose coaching staff is the cheapest in the nfl. Mike Brown, the man who refuses to hire a GM. Mike Brown, the man who won’t fire Duke Tobin, despite decades of losing. Mike Brown doesn’t give a fuck about winning and does the bare minimum as an owner. But let’s kiss his ass because 1 time he did what any owner should be doing in free agency. He’s a pathetic owner and that trickles down throughout the franchise."
It just comes with the team have no sustained success. I try to be optimistic but I get it 100%
""
"tl;dr SI says they could all help at least bring vet experience and stability for the rest of this season, and be better than who we have (though I don't know about Penn). They don't need to be the answer for a decade, just for 2020.

summary:

Josh Kline - VIkings starter for 13 games last year, only gave up 2 sacks, 3 penalties all year   

Ronald Leary - 8 year vet, not a great run blocker but good at pass blocking. Broncos declined his 8M  option and almost signed with cowboys a few weeks ago.   

Donald Penn: 37 year old, quick RT fix but played most of his career at LT"
"I'd be a big fan of bringing in Kline. Like they mentioned, he has experience at LG and RG. At the moment, we could kick the tires on him at RG and then potentially move him to LG when SuaFilo comes back assuming Jordan hasn't improved. Jordan just has not done well so far this season, and I personally don't see him as a long term solution. Also, it would probably help to have someone with experience playing in the slot next to Jonah"
"Sign all 3 yesterday.

Kudos to SI for putting this together. At least we know better options exist. The FO risking Burrows health and the future of the franchise while they hope the OLine comes together is absurd. If Burrow has a devastating injury, it could put hurt the franchise for years to come.

#ProtectBurrowCheapBastards"
I'm 100 percent behind all of those 3 and just cutting the three guys who have been playing the right side.
People are forgetting about Xavier Su’a-filo.
"Here's my highly unrealistic offseason/in-season offensive line solution:


Sign Larry Warford. Trade for either Joe Thuney or Brandon Scherff, maybe a 2nd, 4th, and a player, who knows what it will take. Extend them immediately. 


With the 3rd overall pick in the 2021 NFL Draft, the Cincinnati Bengals select Penei Sewell, OT, Oregon. If we get lucky, we might get Creed Humphrey in the second (if we still have a second). Move Jonah to RT, making our lineup:


Sewell, Scherff/Thuney/Jordan, Hopkins/Humphrey, Warford, Williams.  It would be a crazy overhaul, but something has to be done to protect Joey B."
"At times, I think Mike Brown is a stubborn contrarian (and I really do hate contrarians). He legit does the opposite out of spite in regards to what everyone else says. Anyone with this kind of ego is always a jackass in the end."
"Sign literally all of these guys, then trade AJ for either a guard/tackle or whatever combo of picks you can get. We need 4 new offensive linemen yesterday."
Why don’t we trade? I’d give up Green for a good RG and maybe a 3rd rounder- burrow will die behind this line
"He pads his stats against bad teams, plays okay against decent teams, and looks awful against good teams."
"Disagree, he’s great. Too many people overreact to every loss by a team that will probably end up 13-3."
"He looked mediocre against one of the best teams in the league. Most of the problems they had last night were not his fault, anyway. Andrews dropped a perfect ball in the end zone. And a handful of other great passes that would’ve extended drives. 

Don’t be delusional because they’re a rival."
He's Andy Dalton with better legs.
Horrible take. Were you calling Mahomes overrated after his game against the Chargers?
Well I'd much rather they still had Joe Flacco.
""
Be safe and wear the damn mask.
[deleted]
""
The Ravens have a curse when it comes to WRs don’t they?
"Aww, I kinda wanted the ravens to win. Their fans are pretty chill with us and sometimes actually stand up for us in the pits of r/nfl"
Feel the bengals fan should be turned the other way and have no idea what's going on 😂😂
Then the ravens get up and everyone runs away
What in the world is this stock photo lol
"I think the bills might be better than the ravens and the patriots have an interesting case to be made.

They have been getting crowned without winning a playoff game. 

Joe burrow is the best quarterback in our division right now btw."
Bengals are gonna beat the Ravens by 40 this year
"Wait, were people honestly not expecting the beatdown? Jamar Lackson is overrated."
"Hey Everyone!

I just wanted to be the optimistic and point out the good this season so far!

1. Burrow is THE guy.
2. Jonah has looked good and at times Great.
3. We have so many weapons
4. Jackson, Bates and Lawson are coming into their own and possibly elite status
5. The young linebackers look good.
6. Trae Wayne's and Atkins will eventually come back.

We are trending up. Imagine if Burrow had just a little bit more time what he could do, and if he didn't get knocked down so much.

My way too soon hopes for the off-season.

1. Sign a top tier RG. 
2. Sign more depth at DT
3. Draft Sewell if available if not next best RT
4. Trade draft capital and players and get the guys you want. Go get 4 players that can make an impact. And more importantly in the trenches. We need depth on the OL and Atkins and Dunlap will be gone soon. If we win the trench battle, and our current situation with skill players and secondary talent, I don't see how Burrow will allow this team to lose.

I'm pumped.

Also Give ZT a third year if the season  keeps trending up.

Reevaluate Jim Turner and Lou every week.

What would you like them to do???!! Please share!"
Might be a hot take but I don't think William Jackson is near elite.....
I say we buy the Chiefs and be done with it.
Don’t forget that burrow likes to throw to tight ends. Maybe draft a TE and try to pick one up on free agency next season
way too optimistic on coaches. ZT has had his chance and has blown it
"I like everything you said but if we sign a RG in FA, we can double down at RT in rounds 2 and another in round 3 or 4. If we don’t get Sewell, I’d love to pick up another Blue Chip player if none are available at Tackle. For example, If we can grab Parsons or Jamar Chase, I say we do it. LB has been an issue and AJ and John Ross are likely gone next season. Burrow has the obvious connection with Jamar as well and the more weapons the better.

I think I’d prefer to take more swings at RG/RT (2 draft picks on Day 2 and another FA signing) as opposed to taking one guy high and hoping he’s good (unless it’s Sewell of course).

I agree though, D-Line needs an injection of young talent in the next two years as well."
""
no. 9 in the division?
"We need Geno back. Badly. That being said, Jessie Bates is an absolute stud."
"I mean we only gave up 16 vs the Chargers (look how SD did with the Chiefs by the way) and 23 vs the Eagles.

It feels like our D is mega-shitty because of the Browns and their monster run game but get real, we've done a pretty damn good job on D so far especially considering who we're missing."
I've been more disappointed with the offense than defense. No run game or vertical passing game.
Outside of 2 minute drills (which admittedly mean a lot) we gave up 9 points to the Eagles. Of course that means nothing if you can't get a stop when it matters most.
Im going to ignore the ranking bc obviously our defense has been suspect but we’ve had some flash plays forsure. We’ve had some unlikely stops on short yardage 4th downs and goal line situations but there’s a lotttt to clean up. Getting Geno back will help
I think we have to look at the team we played before we assume that rank means anything...but a man can hope the defense is pulling it together
"We have forced a lot of punts and field goals. 

There is a case to be made that our defenses failures are based on our offenses failures. 

Evaluating each unit as independent is sort of a bad idea."
"Their run defense needs a lot of work but their pass defense is solid. 

Geno returning will definitely help with the former."
[deleted]
[deleted]
JT does a great job and I really recommend his channel if you like learning all the intricacies about playing QB. I also think this video shows some of the creativeness in Taylor’s play designs.
""
"This article is hot air. In terms of trades, the author doesn’t throw out there what the Bengals could theoretically give up. I think this early in the season, it would be a player(s), not picks."
At least two of the offensive lineman on this list are retired for good or sitting out the season on the COVID leave list.
""
John LeGlue hope that guy sticks.
"Seriously, anything. Do something. Show you care and want to develop and save Burrow."
I'd still like to see Adeniji get a shot at guard. I like that we are looking to bring in competition for Hart and the backup guard spot.
At least it’s a start
"Here ya go everyone, now start complaining about how bad these guys are since they were on practice squads lol"
Dont see any of them being as bad as Billy Price
It's a good sign that they finally realize that. Yeah our o line is pretty bad.
Not sure why they don't host Ron Leary (RG). Hard to imagine he'd be WORSE than the hodge podge collection of RG's we've deployed.
"but... isn't left and right guard a bigger concern? pff grades the tackles as decent, maybe average, and guards are a hot mess."
I see Larry Warford listed as top available guard. Don't know anything about him though.
Anyone think we should just have 6 OL on the field?
Ya now get ride of ZACK and put the offense in thd hands of a offense line coach.
Can we not just throw some WRs at a team for a couple of heavies?
[deleted]
May as well try him on the O-line at this point.....
He also happens to play the same position as the best player on our defense
"Yeah, and?"
Cool. We don't need or want him.
There's a reason for that
"Unless he's going to play O-line or D-line we don't need him. Also, he's crazy and comes with drama, don't want it."
"Having dramatic, brainless players on defense is exactly why we lost that wild card game vs the steelers. We got rid of those clowns and we don't need new ones. Oh, and while I'm on the topic, fuck the steelers."
[deleted]
"If we want to lose Burrow then we'll sit him. I'm as scared as you are, but unless he *wants* to sit, you play him."
All you have to do is look how bad he screwed up Tannehill in Miami and what Ryan has done in Tennessee to tell you ZT is.... and was never the answer as Marv's replacement.
"We got so unbelievably lucky to have Joe Burrow. The kid is talented, competitive, and he actually WANTS to be here. And we’re wasting it by complaining non-stop about things we can’t even fix.

Shut up about sitting Burrow. Shut up about our line killing him and ruining his career.

(1) Want to know the fastest ways to make a competitor like Burrow want to leave? Sit him. Tank. Make it known the fans don’t think he can take the heat. Those would be the top 3 ways.

(2) We all want a better line. I get it. I like winning as much as the next guy. However, you can’t acquire good linemen mid season. STOP WHINING.

Burrow is our QB and he’s going to be our QB at least until his rookie deal is up, very likely longer. This off-season they’re going to address the line and we’re going to be good next year.

Those of you endlessly whining, you don’t deserve the  happiness that’s to come.

Sit back and watch Burrow do his best to turn this team around. The help will come when it’s possible to get. Again, no one trades linemen and there are no good free agents.

Good night. Jesus."
"1. O line has been bad for a few years. It has not been fixed. It's barely been attempted.   

2. I'm not all in on sitting Burrow, but i get the sentiment.  Palmer was not the same guy after the ACL. 
3. You must be new here talking about better days to come.  I like Burrow a lot.  This FO doesn't win. they'be proven it for almost 30 years."
"This is a bad take.  You are on a message board for fans of the team...

It’s literally a place for fans to come whine, cheer, talk strategy, talk about anything related to the team, etc..

Anyone who takes the time to post here consistently deserves to whine and deserves to be happy when there is success.

If you disagree with someone’s idea then debate them on the merits of that idea until they realize it is a bad idea. It’s literally what this place is for"
"Another ""Just wait until next season..."" post. How many years until ""next season""?! Fans, even REAL fans are pissed at a franchise that has developed a tradition/culture of under performing or choking at all levels, especially in the front office. Sure, we've had winning seasons in the last decade. Sure, we've had top tier performers. But when the time comes, be it a draft, a prime time game, a must win game, (heaven forbid) a playoff game, this team finds new and creative ways to under perform and let the fan base down (and by letting down I mean tearing our guts out, yet again). 

No meaningful or sustained improvement will occur until Mike Brown and his descendants allow new voices for real change into the upper echelon of team management."
Forgive me for not wanting him to end up like Andrew Luck
This post changes dramatically if burrow tears his ACL. Stop it Susan. We need linemen
Amen bro holy hell i couldn’t agree more
"Horrible, awful, short sited take.  Burrow has been sacked more than any QB in the league. Burrow is a mobile QB and he’s being blindside crushed with regularity when he’s not being sacked. Joe has taken some very brutal hits, sure to effect his body as well as his psyche.  You think Andrew Luck retired early with a much better team than the Bengals because he wasn’t a competitor?  Luck retired because he was truly concerned about his well being.   It’s not 1990 when these guys don’t know what’s down the line.  Joe’s going to get gun shy or worse seriously injured."
"I see your point and I agree. But what people are mainly mad about is we did not try to fix the offensive line last off season. And they told us the line was fine, bobby hart is good, etc. And look at the line now. Abysmal..obviously we cant do anything about it now really, but why didnt they try to do something earlier? This could have been avoided. At least 1 or 2 more line maneuvers for lineman would have been fine. But they didnt do anything"
Calm down nick
"Thank you, Jesus between this sub and r/reds Cincinnati sports fans are really fucked and a lot of them are super fake. Don’t get me started on the negativity."
Amen brother
Dumb take that refuses to take in to account that Burrow will get seriously injured if things carry on the way they do. All in order to not play meaningful football.
"If you are not demanding better, you are not passionate about the Bengals. You are happy we got Burrow, who shows very early signs of genius but you are willing to accept sloth and incompetence with the O-line in the vain of 'rebuilding'. Well, guess what?? These guys are professionals and they are expected, no... we demand that they at least play average. But... they don't. So, we want our genius protected... and they either can't or don't. It's ridiculous. It shouldn't take 3 losses (that tie was clearly a loss for us) for the coaches to know they have a problem. Fix it mid game. Fix it the second game. Do something... anything. What did they do... they put Price in at RT to solve the problem. Really?? At this rate, there will be no Burrow to protect because the law of averages says he'll get hurt bad enough to miss playing time. 

So, we want better, hell yes we do... deserve the success when it finally comes, hell yes we deserve it since we are the ones demanding it and demanding it now by any and all costs. We've waited long enough to have even and average team. The average career of an NFL player is 3.3 years! Every season is 1/3 of the average career length so if the time is not now then when the hell is it!

Lastly... FTS!

Good Day. Jesus!"
""
"To be fair, Quenten Nelson is the best guard in the league by a mile."
I miss Clint Boling and Kevin Zeitler
"Someday, someday I would love to see stripes on helmets in a 'this is how it should be done' clip.  Someday."
"Wow, I am not sure any of our guards can move and slide like that. Honestly, I don't think they can."
Yes it would
Coaching is a hell of a drug
They aren’t even on the level where they can block the guys right in front of them.
"His man dropped into coverage so helped the tackle with his man.  

He didn't take a Hart mini vacation"
""
Why?? Just that bored are you?
"I haven't watch this entire breakdown but I had to stop at the 2:50 mark and re-watch it about 100 times.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?time\_continue=167&v=z466S7qrLyU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=167&v=z466S7qrLyU&feature=emb_logo)

Start at about 2:40 and watch the right tackle and right guard for 10 seconds as Joe cut back to his right. Granted, the two thought they were on holiday with the play flowing to the left but then Joe cuts back to the right and... uh oh. Now in reality, it's Hopkin's man that gets the second lick on Burrow. Did it drastically change this play... maybe not but I think it shows the glaring problem of the O-line mentality in not doing or finishing your job. Am I crazy??

Edit #1: The reverse angle on the play actually shows that Hopkin's man didn't get the second lick but actually the first and main hit!"
"turner needs to be gone. this OL is undisciplined. yes it lacks talent, but its shit effort beyond 2-3 seconds of a play."
Hopkins literally stops blocking and watches his man attempt to murder Burrow. Then just looks the other way. Man I'm done with this line
"I been saying this since Week 1. The line stops playing after like 3 seconds. They think they did enough and stop. They need to play until the whistle. 

Especially with a quarterback that likes to create"
"This happens nearly every play, it’s insane."
"Looks like they were trying to set a screen play on that side, so they let the D line through a little easier so the OL could block downfield for mixon."
""
"Now Tyler Boyd is speaking out about it. There's gotta be someone INSIDE the building that cares if he gets hit or not. 

>“It sucks,” Boyd said. “It hurts me because I know how much Joe wants to win. I know how much he dedicate himself to this game and the pressure that he has coming to this team. He feels that we should win each game. If we get the final drive he believes we are going to win. That’s what I love about him. To see him take those hits and for him go down and for him to get injured, it hurts. It makes me want to fight whoever done anything to him. We have to figure a way to protect him and figure a way to make tough catches on our end as well.”"
"I honestly believe Joe is good enough and accurate enough and prepared enough that he will be fine with just about any professional receiving core. The line is by far the biggest issue we have. Mixon isn’t getting any holes either. He gets contact at or before 1 yard past the line of scrimmage just about every rush. Fix this line and we will be set. That being said, Rome wasn’t built in a day, so I’m not overly upset with the organization. But hopefully this is the biggest focus next offseason. It’s got to be right? I also am not sold on Zac... we shall see"
"""bUrRoW dOeSnt nEEd a gOoD oFfeNsiVe LiNE"" - idiots"
I think the coach is even more important but the line needs some help for sure. Burrow looks special-it’s a crime not to get him more protection. Same can be said for Mixon and letting him get hit the backfield so often
"He also has 821 passing yards. If he has 300 passing yards Sunday, he’ll be on pace for 4484 yards (breaking Andrew Luck’s rookie season record of 4374 yards).

He has 5 passing TDs, if he throws 3 touchdowns on Sunday he’ll be on pace for 32 touchdowns (breaking Baker’s rookie season record of 27).

He has attempted 141 passes, if he throws 41 passes on Sunday he’ll be on pace for 728 pass attempts (breaking Matt Stafford’s record of 727).

See what happens when you extrapolate data with a minuscule amount of data? You get ridiculous results."
#TankForSewell
"I think what’s amazing is that Joe can keep us in the game despite this O line and the pressure / sacks they give up. Yeah, some of his style of play probably does result in a few of the sacks. He’s a rookie and that will improve. What’s the guys on O lines excuse for the majority of the sacks?"
And... it was obvious to most of the fan base before the season even started.
"Unbelievable, I like what the franchise has done to give him weapons, but not drafting or signing new offensive lineman during the offseason is criminal. Unless you want Joe to become another Andrew luck, give him some damn help."
"What bugs me more is listening to Zac say that ""burrow needs to learn to not get hit as much"" he personally put four of the 8 sacks from the Philly game on Joe and his style of play. Now albeit fair to say Joe does have to learn here and there, Zac doesn't really have the right to say much as he sits there content with starting Bobby Hart each week. I get we don't have depth at O-line, but he could at least try price at guard and Johnson at tackle. Or start Adeniji at tackle, can't be any worse. At least show some effort.

Also, it's almost comical to hear someone say Joe takes too many sacks, when through three games he already looks years better than Dalton on that same subject"
"Although I hate this O-Line, some of the sacks were definitely Burrows fault as well. He could have easily thrown the ball away instead of taking a few of the hits/sacks so this stat should drop off once Burrow gets more into the rhythm of things"
“Things that provide more protection than the Bengals O-Line”
"AJ Green, Tyler Boyd, Joe Mixon, Tee Higgins, Joe Burrow! Great offensive core when talking about skill players. Wouldnt really trade them for anything, im happy with our offensive weapons. However, the line needs work fast!!!!! Maybe if we get the run game going burrow takes less sacks. Maybe if we run more quick hits i.e. slants/screens he wont get sacked as much. I think play calling and offensive line is our biggest issue. We need mixon more involved in space outside. We should feed boyd over the middle on quick slants."
"You can get 5 bus boys from Montgomery inn and they’ll be pro bowl wideouts with burrow. The problem wasn’t giving money to a young good player like mixon it was paying for waynes (pre injury) and aj. We could have signed Conklin, graham Glasgow and still signed Xavier all for what we’re paying aj and waynes. We were all so happy because we were just spending money. Investing in the secondary in the nfl is more of a waste than running backs. Mahomes not throwing for 400 yards against waynes and Jackson? Hell put Revis and champ back there. Mahomes will just pick your ass apart with another wideout/te or rb. It’s all about applying pressure with your offense. Get up and out to an early lead. You saw harbaugh the other night turn into a Marv. It’s hard to perform well when you think you have to score every time you touch the ball."
We’re Number 1!
"I'm about done with Taylor. Who the hell drafts a number 1 overall QB and acted like that line was good enough? Jonah with no experience wasn't going to fix that line and he was **the only** change from last year.

Did his dumb ass act like Jim Turner was going to fix these guys? He wasn't ever hired on merit he's related to his father in law."
"Wait, I thought it was all Dalton’s fault?!"
"This is kind of a stupid stat. On pace after 3 games doesn't mean shit. That's an extremely small sample size.

Burrow will learn how to take less sacks and the O line is likely to get better. They got better toward the end of last year with worse depth."
Anyone else shocked he’s only on pace for 75?
I wouldn't start him anymore till they fix the o-line. We've seen what happens to great talent after injuries.
"When the line is THIS bad, it’s more than just an issue of talent. OL coach needs to be changed, and if ZT won’t do it it’s time to find a new HC. Let’s be honest, it’s probably that time anyway, I mean 2-14-1, what are we waiting for?"
"Joe is going to be great You know when those QBs have that moment when the game slows down for them and they advance to the next step in their career. When Joe reaches that point, the rest of the league better watch out.   


However, the bigger issue is Zac Taylor doesnt seem to think there is an issue with the O-Line. He has said several times the Oline is perceived to be worse than it is. We have an ELITE QB who gets sacked 4-8 times a game. We have a $48m running back who is hit behind the line 50%+ of the time. 99% of his yards last game, were YAC.   


I am all for Zac Taylor pushing the limit with an air-ride lite offense. But the guy has to be realistic."
"The unpopular opinion is that half of these sacks are on Joe. 

The OL isn't great, fine. I know. But he's taken a lot of sacks where the OL gave him 3-3.5 seconds to throw. That's all you get in the NFL. Need to get the ball out."
"Tyler Boyd spoke about how the losing is finally getting to him. DJ Reader spoke about what it’s like to establish a winning culture and how to seal the deal. Both of those interviews spoke volume to where the team is. We are finally seeing the player frustration that wasn’t present last year. In my opinion, Zach is on the verge of losing the locker room."
[deleted]
"52 rushing attempts and 9 targets in 3 games isn't a lack of involvement, he just is being hindered by our offensive line.

Sorry to break that to you, but until our o line improves mixon isn't the fantasy rb1 you drafted him to be. To be very specific his touchdown upside is very limited as at the goal line we are losing the battle with the d line every time."
"O Line is dogshit and against the Chargers and Cleveland we often found ourselves in the situation where we needed a quick score, so couldn't run the ball as much"
"The O-Line is too bad to establish the run, especially on the right side. It’s a disaster right now. I think they’ll run him more though.

We use him to catch passes but I agree with that statement, they could use him more. We have a good 3rd down back in Gio Bernard that they like to use a lot on 3rd downs."
"He can't break free because the right side of our line would be better served by turnstiles.

We only seem to have two competent players on our oline, Trey Hopkins at C and rookie Jonah Williams at LT.  


Maybe Xavier Sifualio(sp) is good but I think he's been hurt too."
"Joe cant run because the offensive line sucks like a shop vac. Joe Mixon is a very good receiver, but  Gio is probably the best in the league at screens. Gio is also great in pass pro , Joe is ok. They have used them in the same backfield rarely because Zav Taylor likes the 11 set. With Greem, Boyd, and the emerging Tee Higgins, I can understand why Zac favors this set. Frankly they need Sample at TE because Hart sucks so much at RT. Sample at least has to chip the end or Burrow runs for his life...."
"ZT used to be a quarterback coach. I always felt once he came in and started calling the plays that he was going to try a more throw-heavy scheme. It’s no secret our O-Line is hindering even Mixon right now, he has to break 2 tackles to get past the line of scrimmage. With the absence of the preseason, and it being Joe Burrows first year, I think they are using these first few games to give him plenty of repetitions."
"Don’t get me wrong Taylor and the line is a bag of shit.

But SD, Clev, and Philly all have decent run defenses.

Plus take 1 goal line passing TD and run it in and Mixon is back in business."
"Last year was supposed to be a bridge year. After 2016, the Bengals were looking to upgrade the QB position. In the 2018 draft, the Bengals almost pulled the trigger on Lamar Jackson instead of Billy Price.

&#x200B;

2019 was an audition for Dalton to keep his job and to nobody's surprise, he was set up for failure because of the personnel around him. Dalton isn't in the Brady, Brees, Rodgers, Wilson, or Roethlisberger category where even if the team lacks talent, they still elevate everyone around them. So ZT went all in on a passing attack without the right players and ignored Mixon.

&#x200B;

The Bengals are 0-8, management tells him to pull Dalton to see if Finley is the answer. The locker room is stunned and ZT desperately needs wins so he wouldn't lose the locker room but also doesn't need to maximize wins to lose out on the number one overall pick. So then he starts focusing on getting Mixon going.

&#x200B;

And this year, he's got Burrow and wants to focus on passing even though our WR Corps cannot get separation from defenders. Nobody is a burner except for Ross and the Bengals development of Ross has been dreadful. Green is coming back from injury and Boyd is scrappy but not a no. 1 receiver. He's like a 1a receiver. However, Taylor is all in on passing. Mixon and Bernard are a one-two punch and both are underutilized. Usually they bring in Bernard to block and as a decoy. But lo and behold, the Bengals passed him the ball on a 3 and 15 and he converts with a 44 yard catch and run. We're just not creative in our offense."
Can't do much when he is hit as soon as he's givin the ball every time lol
[removed]
[removed]
wat
""
We'd have to be picking # 3 to land him.  So 3 wins or less.
"We should trade up to get him.

Anyone who thinks joe isn't going to drag this team to too many wins hasn't been watching."
Subscribe
God I hope we can get Sewell.
"The problem is that we already have a left tackle, and it isn't easy to just have one of them swap to the right ride. Has Sewell played right tackle?"
I just saw a PFF mock draft that had him going #2 and us getting Jamarr Chase at #4.  I really do hope that we have a top 2 pick to land Sewell. But the giants are gonna give us a stiff competition for it.
"Welcome to Meet Then Enemy, /r/bengals Q&A Thread for each matchup. We figured the fans on each team's sub more about their team, so why don't we ask each other?

This week we're inviting the fans over at /r/jaguars for some friendly Q&A. Jaguars fans, help yourself to some flair on the sidebar!

No trash talk or flamebaiting allowed, this is a civil thread."
"No matter how bad either of us may look, just know that we’re not the Jets."
I’ve never had anything against the jags - so here’s to both of us looking like we’re not the worst teams in the league?
"I'm actually glad I'm a fan of both teams because it means there's no pain this week. But it's funny how similar cincinnati and jacksonville are.

Both now have talented qbs, with a stronger offense, a questionable defense, poor ownership, and questionable coaching talent.

So may the best basket case win."
Cincinnati is cool I enjoy it whenever I’m there. Good luck!
Nothin but love for my Catbros
"I'll be having our friendly TRASH TALK thread tomorrow and inviting you guys. 

As a guy that lives in Cincy, I have a few friends coming in town. I couldn't think of anything super great on food here, we got a res at the Boathouse. Did I make a mistake?"
I’m a part time bengals fan (full time jag) so I’m actually really looking forward to this game. Best of luck boys
Bauer is fucking dealing today
"So the general impression around the league, over the years, has been that one of the sources of Cincy's problems have stemmed from organizational trouble. Looking at this offseason, it does look like that's been fixed --or at least is on its' way to being fixed. How much of that is just people overstating a problem and Burrow looking really good? How much of that is fact or fiction?

Also, I look at you guys' WR room, it looks really stacked, how have they been looking so far this year?"
Congrats on the 14-0 head start
"Used to live in Dayton, but now in Jacksonville. Please send Skyline (and include the oyster crackers too)."
All I know is that I picked up Josh Allen in my IDP league. Guy is a beast first of all...and any left Dlineman going against the Bengals I feel will feast on the souls of poor Bobby Hart
"I've been watching the Bengals every week, but not the full games, typically the endings because y'all been having chances to win.

Is Boyd becoming Burrows top target over Green? I picked him up in a fantasy league this week and am expecting big things.

Also, from Columbus, OH and have OSU parents who LOVE Joe Burrow (mom hates how OSU didn't let him shine or whatever) and because of that have strengthened their fandom with the Bengals. I have a ton of Bengals friend, this is gonna be a fun week.

DUUUUUUVALLLL"
when your a bengals fan but also needs james robinson to do really good for your fantasy this week.
"I don’t understand what the bengals coaches are doing with burrow.  He threw the ball 60+ times last week.  Why aren’t they running the ball more?  With Baltimore and Pittsburgh being stacked, the bengals shouldn’t be playing to win games.  They should be running the ball, putting Joe in different situations to learn NFL defenses and playing for the future. Don’t do you him what Houston did to Carr.  
Side note:  I think he’ll look good against the Jags because our secondary is bad."
I'm a big Burrow fan and hope he does awesome for you guys with the singular exception of every time he plays the Jags.
Wassup wit it cat bro’s. I have no hate in my heart for the bengals. As a jags fan it pains me to say it but this would be the game that made sense for Joe Burrow to get his W BUT this team is so bi polar and Minshew can bring the heat so we will see. At least we aren’t the jets and let’s have a injury free game.
What’s up cat bros! May the cattiest team win!
"Hey Cat Bros, who are some lesser known Bengals we may not know of that we should watch during the game? Any favorite rookies?"
"Gotta be honest. Every time the Bengals play in Jax, I have a blast with your fans. There really doesn’t seem to be any residual disdain from the AFC Central days. Can’t say the same for the Steelers and the Browns. Fuck em both.

How do Bengals fans feel approaching this week against the Jags? Do you feel confident given the narrative of us tanking? What are the Benga’s keys to winning?"
"Joe Burrow is going to be a star. You guys are set for a long ass time.  Also, dude looks like Jim Breuer."
"I have no idea what to think of this Jags team. The pass defense is probably the worst in the league, Minshew is a question mark (maybe it had to do with Chark missing time last week?), Robinson seems pretty formidable. Could see a high scoring affair."
"TJ Whoseurmama. Man those were the days. Whatever happened to that guy.? Man, I think I’m getting old"
How are Cam Robinson and Jawaan Taylor doing?
So do you think this game gets all of Ohio now that the Steelers game got post poned?
"I hope this week’s game is fun, competitive, injury-free, and a 30 point Jags blowout."
"Sounds like we both have bad defenses, hoping we both score 30+ with a bunch of lead changes and all have a blast watching the game even if one of us probably has to lose."
Whattupp!?  Go Jags!  This game is either going to be awfully bad or terribly good.  Let’s go?!
Looking forward to watching the 2 best quarterbacks in league face off. Minshew/Burrow! Part 1
atleast neither of us at the Jets ok
"So Bengals, how's your defense? Ours is, uh..., not good. Just hoping we can out score you!"
"Jaguars were legit in NFL Blitz Brunell, Smith, McCardell. Maybe my second fave Blitz team."
Just an odd note but there are a surprising amount of Bengals fans in Winter park and Jacksonville FL
IM GOING TO THE GAME WOOOOOO!!
I remember there being a lot of cool Jags fans at PBS last year.  This is our revenge game.  Take care of our boy Tyler Eiffert for us.
"If anyone wants to check out my game preview for Kentucky Sports Radio, [here's a link](https://kentuckysportsradio.com/main/bengals-week-4-preview-battle-of-the-felines/).

I'd love your comments/feedback! Hope it's a fun game!"
"Falcons fan here with a soft spot for the Bengals, since Chad, Housh and Palmer.  Bengals are similar to Falcons as they should have won more than they did so far with a great offense, bad oline, no defense, terrible coaching."
"Alright lads. 

Just a question - have any of you guys ever heard of 'Tazmo'. He's a Bengals fan who joined the Jags discord about this time last year and immediately started, well, being a dick. Is he a familiar face around here?

p.s. I hope we take it to the wire (but Jags win obviously) to show the league that the cats are the best faction."
"Please only upvote the picture you like the most. Anyone may submit a picture, let's get a sidebar pic up there!"
https://i.imgur.com/kD8ef6T.jpg
https://static.clubs.nfl.com/image/private/t_new_photo_album/f_auto/bengals/gjl3a6vgmposiurg8uwf.jpg
"[Tee and Tyler, WR duo extraordinaire](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fbengalswire.usatoday.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsites%2F47%2F2020%2F09%2FUSATSI_14991367.jpg%3Fw%3D1000%26h%3D600%26crop%3D1&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fbengalswire.usatoday.com%2Flists%2Fcincinnati-bengals-studs-duds-week-3-tie-eagles%2F&tbnid=K3yl7XEojBFyqM&vet=12ahUKEwiihOWc_JHsAhVH0VMKHSkTDdMQMygDegUIARCxAQ..i&docid=It60M4tcQT9djM&w=1000&h=600&itg=1&q=bengals%20week%203&ved=2ahUKEwiihOWc_JHsAhVH0VMKHSkTDdMQMygDegUIARCxAQ)"
""
"Zac Taylor says Geno Atkins will start to work through some individual stuff during practice today. That's a step in the right direction for him. ""Hopeful, as always, we will take it day to day.""

***

posted by [@pauldehnerjr](https://twitter.com/pauldehnerjr)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I'll believe it when I see it as far as him playing on sundays. This organization is hilariously awful with recovery from injuries
That's nice. I needed an update on a washed up defensive lineman. Anything about improvements to the O line?
""
Fuck yes
A pass rush has entered the chat
Hopefully he can play offensive tackle!!
Sweet Jesus!
Oh plz oh plz oh plz
Baby steps
Oh happy day
Oh lawd. Big chungus comin'.
Oh i see 5 trashcans wearing football helmets out there (no joke). Must be our OL!
I feel like geno could peobably block better than bobby
"I think everyone should watch this. We have talked a lot about the amount of hits he takes, benching him for his safety, and several other things that he touched on. He really puts me at ease with his honesty even saying that he took a few sacks at the end of the half to run the clock and is well aware that his style of play brings more hits. We are so lucky to have this guy.


https://youtu.be/XhmIuadwSGQ"
"I love that even though we all KNOW the O line is shit he REFUSES to say a bad word about them even though he’s being baited HARD to just say “we gotta block better”. 

Man is the consummate teammate and a straight baller."
He definitely seems like he’s getting more comfortable and open in these interviews
That's my M-F'ing QB.
[deleted]
"Everyone hating on Zac when I think he’s not done a bad job

Only probably I’ve seen is timeout usage other than that I’ve liked the plays he’s gave Burrow"
"I have to admit I am beginning to lose faith. Not so much for Zac himself but the coordinators and a couple of position (O line) coaches. Which in the end falls on the head coach. The problem is who do you do put in place of him. The players are behind him but for how long? Once they turn it's time to look for a replacement. 

I'm much more confident that the young players on D will get better. The entire D has never played together. As they get time together I believe they will be fine and possibly very good. I'm not completely confident in Lou but I think he may prove us wrong. Give them Atkins and a little time.

Offensively, they are still young. Very young. The line is young. Sample is young. Burrow, Higgins, and Tate. These guys are making mistakes at critical times. I think they have the talent but nobody (except Burrow) can walk in and produce without screwing up sometimes. I'll say that even Zac is making mistakes because he is still learning. In spite of not yet winning it's still a solid young team. 

Obviously, something on that O line has to change quickly. Su'a-Filo will help a bit. What I will say is that no coach can do much more with this O line playing the way they are. Is it the coaches' fault or are these guys just this bad? I think it's a little of both honestly. Zac is responsible for this and will need to answer very soon if this continues. The losses are adding up quickly and his time is running out."
I don't think Zac is the problem. He seems to have a pretty decent plan for the offense but the line ruins any chance for it to develop. Our OL Coach and DC need to be fired that's for sure tho (imo obviously)
No
"I think we need to grab up Eric B before someone else does. Taylor is *maybe* an average OC, at best. Then we need to draft like 20 olinemen and pray one of them works out."
"You gotta give these coaches time, if we’re losing games midway through next season, then yeah start talking about firing him."
""
Fire turner hire Willie already.
I fucking love Willie Anderson
Sums up Cincinnati
Put on a shirt and learn a skill lol
"Willie ""Begone Thot"" Anderson"
Already dead lmao. Oh how the truth burns
That’s hilarious.. I was watching live through twitter and saw her make that comment and was cracking up.
Fire the whole line and just let Willie block the entire D line.
"It should have been... ""Put on a FTS shirt and learn a skill!"""
Big Willie pancaking thottbots. Gosh I miss him.
[deleted]
big brain Bengals will be the sole team to avoid covid due to their outdoor practice facility
[removed]
""
Michael Jordan is a famous baseball player
"Just bring Cordy Glenn backend get Justin Britt, we clearly could use them at this point"
""
"Just for reference, Hart is the second highest rated Oline on the bengals according to PFF (excluding Su’a-Filo). Jonah is the highest rated. Meanwhile everyone who fills that RG area have been awful."
[deleted]
"Well, considering last year he graded out in one game at an 8? 

That's not saying a lot. Even a garbage can at some point."
I'm not convinced that Hart doesn't have blackmail on Turner
LOL Tony Pike.
He should play some snaps at QB then
 Jim Turner > Baghdad Bob
Doesn't he have something like 18 pressures given up already this year? Lol
Well he is playing the best he's ever played. Because he's been so terrible the bar is very low and his best is still not very good.
Oh fuck. We are in trouble. Sorry joe.
TIL the Bengals have an O-Line coach.
"How is Jim Turner a coach at the highest level and can say anything about this offensive line being solid right now? On top of that, how can you go forward and say that he is not worried about Bobby Hart? I don’t care if he is playing the best of his thus far horrible career or not. I have completely lost the last bit of respect I didn’t even know I had for Jim Turner."
Did Turner even notice how many sacks Burrow got? Did he notice Hart's side of the line was practically porous? How the hell is this idiot an NFL coach? He's not even fit to coach Pee-Wee ball.
Fire this entire staff. Jesus fucking Christ
He is blind I’m pretty sure!!!
We really need a large scale twitter campaign to get #firejimturner trending. There's a lot of power in making your displeasure unavoidable. Loud calls to get this done might be the only thing that forces Zac Taylor to stop defending this guy.
Bobby Hart is about as effective as an orange pylon in pass protection.
"Hart is indeed playing the best football of his career, which is a testament as to why you should have never started him! If this is his best it proves he is a career backup at best in the NFL. I mean you don’t trot out a franchise caliber rookie quarterback who is *almost* on pace to break many positive records while also allowing him to be pummeled on about every other play. I mean that is just poor talent evaluation of line coach and even poorer willingness of your coach and executives to hold people accountable."
*beats head against wall*
And that's why the Bengals are the Bengals
"I mean what do we want the coach to say? ""Oh yeah my player fucking sucks. Bad. Hes so bad. We need to get rid of him and replace him with someone better cuz he just sucks. Cant wait to see him at practice tomorrow. "" i mean considering its Jim turner he prolly would say that but not to the media"
"I think Bobby Hart is a mediocre to not good tackle.  I think it’s also fair to point out the 1st 3 weeks we’ve seen top 10 NFL D lines.  (Eagles I think were number one going into the last game.)

We haven’t had it easy, and unfortunately it doesn’t get any easier considering we see the Browns and Steelers twice a year."
Fire the whole staff. This is pathetic
Fuck it. I'll just say it. Hart is probably cucking Turner or something. Turner is either the worst offensive line coach in existence who can't see Hart's flaws or something really weird is going on behind the scenes.
"Mentally, the anit-vax flat earther is in a great place right now."
"The way he talks, *he* must be the one taking all the sacks on the field. WTH is he talking about?"
Dude must’ve have been asleep every time Brandon Graham ran right around him.
what game is he watching?
It could very well be that Bobby turnstiles is playing his best ever.  But that is an indicator of how shitty a player he is... not a point to validate your decision to SIGN HIM FOR ANOTHER 2 F***ING YEARS!
Hart is playing like garbage and this is just another example of why we can't go to the next level. We have crap coaches on staff.
He is playing as good equal to as the year the Giamts got rid of him if that is hope for a longer life expectancy for Burrow.
"What was the coach supposed to say?

""fuck this guy. He's the worst player I've ever seen.""?

Jesus christ social media throwing fits about this is one of the stupidest things ever.

The coach 100% said the right thing. It's the only thing he could say. He shouldn't be getting trashed online for this. He OBJECTIVELY said the right thing."
"HANG yourself!!

EDIT: Not you, OP, but the guy sucking Bobby Hart's dick"
[deleted]
Cringe
I know we put him on IR after he went down in the week 1 game with an ankle injury.  Anyone heard if the injury is serious and if we can get him back soon?  Lord knows we could use all the help we can get at RG.
[deleted]
ben baby said he’s out of his boot. not ready to come back yet but making progress
[deleted]
 Because we’re too busy crying about Bobby Hart
Has there been any word on when he’ll get a chance to play?
That young pic looks like gronk and Aaron hernandez had a baby.
"What? 
Because he grew hair and a beard?"
"Also, he looks more and more like Jamal Adams every time I see him"
""
Can we just continue to trash our own O-line on your sub?
Isn’t it a bit late for you all to be up talking trash? It has to be close to midnight in London
"Hey guys, every week I run this with out opposing team. Not meant to be serious but more on the fun side. Can't really be serious with our 2 orgs anyway. I'm from Cincy myself so I'll be bringing the heat. Come on over and have some fun.

PUNCH AND PIE"
"how’s it feel to be a garbage organiza-

wait a minute"
Talking about the match up is trash talk. Well played.
"we're already doing our own trash talking over here..
-#FireTurner"
" 

### 29. [CINCINNATI BENGALS](https://www.pff.com/nfl/teams/cincinnati-bengals/7)

##### Pressures allowed: 53Rush yards before contact average: 1.1

The good news for Cincinnati is that [Jonah Williams](https://www.pff.com/nfl/players/jonah-williams/41651) — in what is effectively his redshirt rookie year — looks like the first-round talent he was billed as. He has been extremely solid through three weeks against some pretty legitimate opposition.

The bad news is that everybody else on the line is a problem, and the Bengals have been forced to dip into their bench, which is even worse. Former first-round draft pick [Billy Price](https://www.pff.com/nfl/players/billy-price/46795) had an 11.5 PFF pass-blocking grade against the Eagles, which is concerning on a 0-100 scale.

[https://www.pff.com/news/nfl-ranking-all-32-offensive-lines-week-3-2020-nfl-season](https://www.pff.com/news/nfl-ranking-all-32-offensive-lines-week-3-2020-nfl-season)"
Billy Price and his amazing ability to let someone clean through and take a holding penalty at the same time
"I mean 11.5 has got to be one of the lowest ever, right?"
"How come our team sucks at scouting OL players so bad? Is OL a hard position to scout? 

First Cedric Ogbuehi, Jake Fisher, now Price, and those are only the guys that were taken in the early rounds of the draft over the years. The only good one we got was Jonah so far."
Wait there's 3 teams with a worse OL this year? Damn who are they?
"Remember what Troy Blackburn said,  

>We can’t go to WalMart and buy off the shelf. A high quality starting right tackle? That doesn’t exist (in free agency).  
   
&nbsp;   
apparently applies to the bengals front office drafting OL talent too.."
Another 1st round bust from Marvin Lewis Staff
I will contend that we are only 29th because most plays Burrow gets rid of the ball lightning quick
1st round pick lmao
Thank God for Jonah Williams
In Prices defense I think he's a lot better at center than guard.
"Cedric  Ogbuehi - BUST

William Jackson III - Hit and miss

John Ross - BUST

Billy Price - BUST

Jonah Williams - Jury's out

&#x200B;

Three first-round busts in five years is BRUTAL."
Yet OSU fans won’t stfu and insist we draft every one of their players
I just vomited
how are there 3 teams worse wtf
Who the hell is worse than the Bengals oline? and may God have mercy on their souls.
"11.5, never heard of a worse score."
We shouldn’t have let lions take ragnow
they should cut the fuck face
#sackzac
Literally the only we don’t have 32 is because how accurate joe burrow is on short passes and Joe mixon is a beast in the running game
"11.5 *would* be concerning, if it meant anything.  IDK how much more obvious it could be that PFF scores are just confirmation bias with a decimal point added to make them look academic.  There's no legitimate way he would somehow grade 50 points lower than the rest of our shit line unless he pulled a spork out of his sock and stabbed Burrow in the eye with it.

Their 0-100 scale clearly has no baseline.  Why not a zero grade? Where did the 11 points come from?  Better yet, where did the *half* point come from?

Sure Billy Price is trash but so are made-up  PFF ""stats"""
"I 1000% want Penie Sewell in the first round next year, but if that's their only move at OL, it won't be much better. They need an actual good free agent OLine signing, like Scherff, Thuney, or Mike Pouncey."
"Hell, I think even I could grade at least that."
Watching the NYJ/Broncos game and feel pretty shitty that even the Jets have a decent O-line. Can't imagine what Joe could do with some protection.
"Bring back Cordy Glenn and get Justin Britt, not the best but better than we got now"
"We sure have been unlucky with drafting OL. Remember Cedric? Fisher? ...that was sad.

Man watching Billy against Browns was soooo frustrating. After he came in he got at least two flags, at least two dodgy snaps... the one in the red zone where JB having to recover from the bad snap cost him one or two seconds, which I believe may have been the difference maker to getting the touchdown. The receiver (forget who but suspect it was AJ?) was in hard coverage by the time JB got the ball to him, but if it wasn’t for the bad snap it looked as though JB would’ve connected with the receiver before he was covered.

I wish we had got Mitch Morse when he went to free agency.. that would’ve been nice."
"Terrible. How did he become a bust? I think he was picked because of his leadership at Ohio State and not his actual talent. 

I think they can fix this OL issue if they go Wyatt Davis, RG our of Ohio State and switch Sua Filo to the left guard spot."
[deleted]
""
"Geno is in full pads today, looking good.
Other notes 
Xavier Su'a-Filo Is out of the walking boot.

Mackensie Alexander is also suited up for practice.

Logan Wilson is working on the stationary bike.

Apparently Alex Redmond is working 1 on 1 with Jim turner today.

Posts from James and Ben baby"
Sweet. Geno getting reps at RG and RT
Look at the size of Adeniji ! Why is he not getting a shot at guard or tackle ?
""
"We owe thanks to the Texans, Vikings, and Redskins for taking Fuller, Treadwell, and Doctson back-to-back-to-back right before our 2016 pick. I cant imagine where we’d be at if that didn’t happen. I remember thinking that we were for sure taking a receiver, but then we were forced to do the next best thing by stealing Jackson from the Steelers (and they got Artie Burns lol). If that didn’t happen, we most likely end up with a bust at WR (or Fuller), and we most likely don’t draft Boyd in the 2nd."
I knew he was a great pick he’s really been bringing it
Wow. Ok then. That’s awesome
Other than being burned by Odell on 1 play he has been solid!
If we can get a competent defensive coordinator he would flourish so much more
He also destroyed AB twice in his last year (or year before) as a steeler I believe.
Ya he really showed up vs the eagles
Extend this man!
Can he play O-line?
Probably about the same as his tackle rate
Sometimes I really ask why I was born in Cincinnati.
"At least you have an excuse for being a bengals fan, I’m from western New York. I have no excuse lol"
"I thought they'd be doing well to win 5 and so far that is playing out. Been in every game, now need to figure out how to win. May need personel changes to get better. Time will tell."
"The perfect weekend...

Cold Beer

Hot BBQ

Bengals Win!

Stealer Lose!!

FTS!!!!!"
"What was everyone expecting from this season? 

We won what, 1 game last year? We aren’t gonna be contenders in a year, it’s gonna be a slow progression.

So far it looks like we hit on a couple of our picks this year, make sure they are healthy and developing. 

Trust the process, us making the playoffs was always a long shot and I think some of y’all had that silly expectation, however I’m really enjoying watching a young franchise QB and the team grow as opposed to previous seasons."
"With Mixon injured, Geno out, Wilson concussed. We're not trending towards a win, but hopefully they can put it together out there. We could beat the Jags, but they've also been playing pretty well"
Any guards or tackles that you would like to reasonably and possibly get with the pick ?
"Can we be realistic for just a sec? Getting legitimately good production from a first year offensive lineman is rare. Even if we draft 3 with the first 3 picks, the chances of those players being even average in their rookie season is slim. This line needs draft picks, sure. But also supplemented with FAs. And another thing, you can't fix this in one year."
"Wyatt Davis from Ohio and Creed Humphrey from Oklahoma seem like they'll be important to keep an eye on. Other tackles like Leatherwood from Alabama and Sam Cosmi from *trigger warning* Texas seem like middle of the first round guys, if they continue to play at their level."
Someone will trade up to get the pick right before us and take the offensive lineman we were going to pick. We always are so obvious with our needs that teams do it to us all the time because they know who we’re going to pick. We may need to stay put and reach for best o-lineman available.
"The Guard from OSU is a stud. As of now, no 2nd OT has separated himself from the pack. The strength of this OT class is depth, not high end great prospects like last year."
We’re definitely going to be bad enough. I don’t see how we win more than 3 games.
If we aren’t bad enough to get Sewell then I would want us to get Sam Cosmi out of Texas. I’ve watched every snap of his career and the dude is a iron horse. I don’t really want to see us trade the pick.
To clarify I am talking about trading our pick this year for a lineman currently already in the league
"What is this fixation about Sewell? 

They just drafted Jonah who’s shown he has potential to man the LT for years to come. Bengals would still be in position to draft a right guard which is an absolute need and talent fit. They haven’t done well with O-line but anyone is an upgrade over Billy Price"
""
"Bobby Hart has nude pics of Jim Turner, confirmed."
"> like if you watch his side of the line, it’s solid.

You are fired.

Not saying he's the worst OL we have, I have no clue how to evaluate them properly , but you can't tell me his side of the line has been solid.  

Either he is lying or he doesn't know what he's doing.  Sacked."
I feel like Bobby is a madden player with good skill but low awareness he can win some one on one but if there is some stunt or blitz he doesn't know he gets lost and it doesn't help the guy next to him is worse than he is.
This reminds me of when Paul Alexander went to war over Bodine telling the media he got picked on too much.
"A coach is never going to throw his player under the bus like everyone wants him to.  Idk why people are surprised by this.

Bobby Hart is not the biggest hole on our line, but he’s also not a solid RT."
I've never seen a BH I didn't like... Until now
"So basically this is going down like Luck and the Colts.  After watching him get slaughtered for 3-5 years we will decide to get serious about the O-line and he will retire in 8. Got it.

It's getting really hard to be a Cincy sports fan, not gonna lie....."
🤔 Bengals biggest problem is Jim turner
"I'm not completely out on the coaching staff like many are, this could just be media talk for the team, you have Taylor who's still learning, maybe he can get better as the season goes on. Maybe the o line gets better like last year, cause we can't fully evaluate the offense as the o line is so bad it limits what they can do. I also don't have any expectations for this season, they can lose as many games as they have to so we can get a better draft pick.

We all thought the o line would be at least better, some had higher expectations than others, it's not unreasonable for them to have thought it would be better too.

I will be out tho if they don't draft or bring in competent new o linemen. Like it's very cool they took Higgins instead of o line, you got what looks to be a good wr, Mixon signed, we will see what happens with Green, so all the shiny pieces are in order, now you have to make that o line work. If they legit think the o line is fine it's not just that they're bad coaches, they're out of their god damn minds and shouldn't have any sort of job much less an nfl job, because they are so irrational that they can't be trusted with anything."
"I want to get whatever drugs Taylor is taking if he thinks that this o line is doing well with the run.

This guy is such a clown, but we're stuck with him for this year. 

We have the players, now we don't have a damn coach."
"If the Bengals still have Bobby Hart on staff in 2021, I'm officially becoming a Steelers fan."
""
This sucks.
Well fuck
LB getting a concussion. He’s screwed. We’re screwed. I loved him. Not too many lbs get concussions and don’t ever get them again and again
[deleted]
">Single-game tickets for this game, starting at $48, will go on sale to the general public at [**Colts.com/Tickets**](https://www.colts.com/tickets/) or [**Ticketmaster.com**](https://www.ticketmaster.com/) beginning Fri., Oct. 2 at 10 a.m. ET.

I'm hoping to see some orange in that group of 12,500!"
[deleted]
"I am really starting to love and appreciate everything about this kid! I just hope our O-line doesn't get him smashed!!

Stay classy and upright Joe!"
where’s their masks tho
""
I’ve never seen Elon and Jonah in them same room at the same time...
I went to follow him months ago and noticed he had no tweets in years. So for sure hacked.
I saw that too!! I was so confused when I saw it.
""
[deleted]
"Ross had almost no value. Injury prone 4th year player who has bad ball skills.

There are some rumors the Giants want to move Zeitler. Would probably have to give up a draft pick."
No one is going to trade for John Ross when they know they can just sign him in the off season
You can’t trade for linemen. Half the teams in the league are weak on the o line. There simply aren’t enough good ones to go around. Any team with playoff aspirations would be foolish to even give up a decent backup.
No decent lineman to be had. No surplus of them in the league. And any player you get for Ross will be similar at best. A player who had potential but vastly underperformed.
Ross has more potential to help us this season than trade value. Not saying he is actually going to end up helping us. I would love to see them move a pick or someone for Zeitler.
"Alex Erickson, a 2nd, and a 5th for Joe Thuney. I don't know if its realistic, probably a slight overpay, but we need proven linemen."
"Well, apparently we could've gotten Trent Willams for a 3rd and a 5th"
Well with all the injuries and the way we’re playing this year hopefully we can trade Trevor Lawrence for a good o lineman
3rd and aj for Zeitler
"John Ross and next years first could possibly get us Quentin Nelson, and we could transition him to Right guard. Idk though the colts might have to give us a 3rd or fourth to compensate for our loss of a first round pick"
"What is your prediction for the game this Sunday

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j3ue03)"
This team doesn’t know how to win. Usually I’d be confident playing Jacksonville but after what we saw last Sunday I’m not convinced the Bengals will come out on top
"Burrow plays well again, no running game again, lots of sacks. Defense, we give up a ton of rush yards, play timid. Burrow still puts us in a position to win. Do we win? Hell if I know."
"I hate to say it this early in, but this one feels like a must win for the team’s confidence and for Zac Taylor and staff."
We can definitely win this one. Probably. We're good! Right?!?
Maybe I should have put something in there about covering the spread... but oh well. We'll get the idea of what everyone thinks still... Happy voting.
Jaguars gonna win.  This game gonna make history.  Burrows throws for 500 yards.  4tds. Jax 35 cin 32
If we can stop the run and if the O-line can not be truly horrible... we can win this one. (Those are 2 big ifs)
"I say we win by a touchdown. Not sure if I'd call that winning big, but I think we cover the spread. This is semi dependent on Geno being back and maybe Mike Daniels too."
"If we don't it's confirmed, two consecutive intentional tank seasons in a row."
Bengals win 4-3
"I’m a host of a Ravens focused podcast ([Ravens ReCAP](https://ravensrecap.com)) and we’re looking for a fan, preferably with podcast experience, to come on the show and have a respectful and fun conversation about the key matchups of the game and your franchise. A few months ago we posted on your subreddit our [State of the Division episode](https://ravensrecap.com/2020-state-of-the-division/) that started a good conversation. If you know someone or would like to nominate yourself, let me know!"
Ace boogie with new stripe city youtube channel does a lot of Bengals videos and he brings on a YouTuber from the opposing team each week to talk ball. Flemlo raps is a Bengals fan but he does more broad NFL coverage and has a huge following.
If you're interested I do Bengals analysis and scheme stuff on twitter and instagram at www.twitter.com/bengals_sans and www.instagram.com/bengals_sans I also broke down the Chargers crack toss and some pass plays they did last year on this sub. I'm on the Unofficial Bengals Podcast every week with the Xs and Os with sans segment.
""
"No joke, they don’t start talking about the Bengals until 18 mins in...."
""
""
Aka: an accurate depiction of how intimidating these teams are
:3
Needs a mustache for the Cat Bowl.
ayyy
Cat.
Thought that was the Cinati Bengos for a minute lmao
my jags friend and i have always referred to our teams as “the kittens” so thank you for this
This is adorable
"These cats are mirror images, not unlike a tied score..."
""
Homie should have been put on IR from the start of the season.
Shit fuck. It was promising this week. They boned us!
Dear God what in the world is going on. Please tell us the truth so we don’t go through what we did with AJ last year.
Woooooow they really bamboozled us
I see he’s getting tips from AJ Green
So at this point I'm assuming he's done for the season unless we hear different.
""
I thought Daniels was set to play... Geno please come back I don’t know what’s going on but I’m sorry please come back!!
"Honestly why TF wasn't geno put on IR from the get-go. This is AJ all over again.

I feel sort of bad for Zac. He has these big name (and big money) players getting ""dinged up"" at the beginning of each season and he can't really do anything abt it"
"Hope they do, losses pile up and you have no excuse to keep this trash coaching staff"
"Daniels is good to go, according to the injury report on Bengals.com. Thank god. You gave me a panic attack. Wilson and Atkins out tho."
Good for my fantasy.... I guess..
What. The. Fuck. Is going on with Geno Atkins?! Seriously man what the fuck. Daniels too. Godammit guys come on. Get your shit together.
No worries. Geno is just “dinged”
""
"Fuck it, bring in Snacks"
jesus we are fucking cursed
I wonder if Glasgow can pass a physical now. Man I wish tupou didn't opt out.
"Oof, hope the backups can step up better than they did before."
Wasnt he just dinged
James Robinson will gash this team Sunday
JESUS CHRIST we can't catch a break at DT this year
Bring in peko
I don’t Understand he was a limited participant Thursday what happened? Plus 3-8 is a strange range
Can’t catch a break but also not surprised... he was injured most of his time with Lions so he’s had an injury history
""
[deleted]
"I've honestly started following them this season just all the story threads that are going on with them right now. They can't catch a break, poor darnolds careers is taking a huge set back. The front office seems to be a mess. Gase is worse then any coach we've ever dealt with, and now the fans who want to have hope for a better future have to deal with this narrative as well. 

I'm so sorry jets fans... Dope uniforms though!"
If I were Mike Greenberg I’d think long and hard about not being such a dork.
People subconsciously think that you’re supposed to be drafted to a good team with the #1 overall pick
I agree... But the jets FO cant be doubling down on Gase right now for being almost competitive against the broncos. You know.   Because the broncos are effectively an XFL team at this point
"When you’re the #1 overall pick, you’re going to a bad team. There is a reason they are picking first and it isn’t because they are a well run organization."
I hate that narrative of holding off on a team because they have the first overall pick. Like fuck off you're 1st over pick you're not gonna go to a dynasty right off the bat. Bosa got lucky and that won't happen for a long long time
No matter what the #1 pick is going is going to a shit team. But I would sure as hell rather go to a team like Dolphins in a state with no income tax.
Greeneburg is a doucher.
"It's honestly so frustrating seeing people saying this. If you get the #1 pick, you're going to a bad team. That's just how it is. 

I usually like Greeny, but this type of talk is just so toxic"
It’s even worse because it’s NYC. It’s starting now and it’s not even a month into the season. They have nothing locked up.
Risk an injury or get number 1 draft pick money? This is stupid.
"I know every NFL player wants to win, but getting paid an NFL salary to lose 16 games sounds better to me than getting paid nothing to win 15 games like they do in college.

And some of the greatest quarterbacks of all time have had similar drama surrounding their draft. If I remember correctly, John Elway and Eli Manning both refuse their initial draft."
Should say if an Adam Gase coached team has the first pick. Hopedully he doesnt last very many more games
I really doubt it the Jets are a big market team for as trash as they are media'd love for him to go there
I want him to come out as soon as possible so Joe Burrow can once again prove he’s better than him. I don’t know what it is about Trevor Lawrence but I’ve always disliked him. I guess it’s not his fault it’s just the way the media anointed him so early. I hate Kawhi Leonard for the same reason
"That was the first thing that came to mind when I saw the quote. It’s such bullshit! Almost every team picking at number 1 is bad, but not every QB should “pull an Eli”. If you’re a competitor you go to the team that drafts you and believe you can be the difference maker"
Yeah except that trevor lawrence is just not as prepared for the NFL as joe was/is so the whole allure around him is sort of tarnished now.
"If when I was 21, you told me I could get paid millions of dollars to move to NYC, but the catch was that I had to go to a company that wasn’t doing so well? I wouldn’t give a fuck. I’m taking that money and living in NYC."
I think that jets have a much more complicated situation when it comes to front office and past experience compared to the bengals. Lawrence would be walking in with literally no one on that team except for crowder and Mosley. Burrow walked in with talent in areas he needed them (except for the o line of course).
"I dont think they'll get the number one pick, I think Giants will"
People are lying when they say that they want the league to be more competitive. They would be bored if they couldn't shit on lesser teams every week
"Just remember, most national media is full of shit. They are click farms, saying whatever needs to be said to get clicks."
"Greenberg has been a clown ever since he left Mike & Mike. He should stay at Clemson and risk injury instead of going to the Jets and making millions of dollars and maybe start the turn around for the franchise? It the number one pick in the draft. Literally regardless of who has the number one pick, it means that team was the worst team the year before. So he should stay one more year to not be picked by the Jets so he can go to a different bad team? What a hilariously bad take."
This sounds awfully familiar
"Normally I’m against that but it’s the Jets.

I’d show a commitment to hiring a competent staff first"
"The difference is is that is actually coming from a diehard Jets fan! I’d say the same thing. unlike Zach Talor we don’t know much about, might be a good head coach, Adam Gase we know a lot about and they refuse to fire the man. Not only did he fail at the Jets he also failed in Miami with Ryan Tannehill who turns out isn’t so bad after all. So even though I was Said Joe would be amazing in Cincinnati I couldn’t wait for you guys to get him, savior of the franchise, I’m saying the exact same opposite of Trevor Lawrence as long as Adam Gase is still there. Stay in Clemson or hope the Jets don’t have the first pick."
"How many times do reporters need to be told that the #1 always goes to a trash team? This happens every year, Its not like waiting is going to do anything other than putting him on the giants..."
"Idk why they would take Lawrence, Darnold seems really good, it seems their coaching staff and front office is their main issue, getting Lawrence just brings the draw of having Lawrence. I was thinking if the Browns had drafted Darnold instead of Baker they would probably be that explosive team everyone expected out of them. He's much better in dropbacks and normal plays that aren't rpo's, seems more accurate, they have to build an entire system around Baker for him to succeed."
"There's a difference currently between going to a bad team, and going to the Jets. The Jets are a guaranteed death sentence to a career right now in the state they're in."
"I have a personal vendetta against the Jets. Mainly bc a Jets fan tried to fight me in middle school after destroying his own clay art project and blaming it on me. He held an X-acto knife up to my skin and he def would’ve cut me had some other kid not stepped in and pushed him off of me. Anyways I would say “f-word Darnold, and f-word the Jets” but they’re not sexually appealing to me in the slightest so I won’t even say a phrase on that level of intimacy, and I hope the Jets keep that overrated, no good, preppy d-bag, no good, ogre looking, sack of s-word around and be terrible forever. Also don’t say I can’t hate the Jets bc of one person, I’ve met multiple and I f-wording hate them"
""
""
Pubes out for harambe
""
""
"what the hell is that guy talking about, Browns NEVER win any playoff games ever, the old Browns who did win in 1994 is now Baltimore Ravens."
"Their fans love to talk so much shit but as soon as you talk shit back, it's somehow not allowed because shittalking the Browns is like beating up a disabled kid."
You don't have to imagine. Most Ohio State fans are also Browns fans. Ohio State fans have a bad reputation for being arrogant and insufferable. Not a coincidence.
""
I was such a big advocate for bengals getting borrow. That being said the Jets do not deserve that pick?
Comparing ourselves to the jets is a pretty good way to feel good about where our organization is heading vs theirs.
""
Probably from one of the dozen times he got hit 4-6 yards deep in the backfield
"I mean Joe is great, but with this oline does it even matter who is at RB? If there is no space for the RB to create and show his skill then it really doesn’t"
"Looks like it's mustache rides for the Jags this week, then."
I got an alert on my phone and woke up to this please no
"















....fuck."
Bruh please no
Looks like questionable but still likely to play: https://twitter.com/TheTylerDragon/status/1312406264429850631
what difference does it make at this point lol
F
Fuck
Better off than getting blasted 5 yards behind the line every time I touch the ball my kingdom for an o-line
"At this point I wouldn’t be surprised if the team only manages to win one game this year. With the terrible play thus far, combined with the injuries and poor coaching, this season is a complete disaster."
Not like we can get a running game going anyway
Really just a broken heart waking up and realizing ZacTaylor is still his coach
It's week 4 and I already don't care anymore.
"If I had to line up behind that o-line, I'd say I was injured too."
This is why you dont pay rbs that much :) look across the league. Undrafted and rookie rbs doing work. And its not like we haven't known this data for a decade now. Paying rbs sets your team behind. Love mixon hate his position.
Cant be TOO much concern. We brought up a DT and a CB from the Practice Squad and NOT Jacques Patrick. So they must think he's going to play.
Wonderful
"Some of y'all make it seem like Gio is a bad back.  He used to be our starter and the bengals never shoulda had jeremy ""fumbles all the fuckin time"" hill starting over him.  Anyway, he's still a damn good back. Go back and rewatch his run vs miami years ago to get hyped again."
I want to see more Gio personally
We might as well just throw the season.
Reading this after he went off for 3 touchdowns and LMAO
"Jesus fucking christ! We're three whole games in, and most of you sound like Kimo von Late-Hitter just got caught leaving Burrows' freaking house. We still have plenty of time, so there's no sense in everyone getting all tore up over what some would call, to be frank, utter bullshit. We have AT LEAST another five games before our usual seasonal despair kicks in. We've got a rookie QB behind what can only charitably be called an O-line, and we've had zero preseason games in which to let our rookie QB get eased into the system. I think we will end up 8-8 at worst, and we have a damn good shot at a wildcard spot. Laugh now, believe later. Cheer up, guys. I started being a fan of these guys when I was just a 9-year-old cub, and this team looks like a winner to me. I haven't been this hopeful about a QB since right before the Shittsburgh Squeelers cheated their way into the playoffs at our expense. We got this, people. WHODEY!?

Edit: syntax
Edit 2: friggin' autocorrect sucks"
"The stats on this are pretty clear. Unless your RB is heading for the hall of fame, the extension never pays off. 

Huge waste of 12 million. That's Joe Thuney money."
"With the amount of injuries to the defensive line, and the poor play on the offensive line, I looked to see what available free agents could help out.  

DLine.
Damon Harrison- Great run stopper. Going into the 2019 season he was on PFF top 50 players.  He doesn't help as a pass rusher, the biggest need in the front 4, but he adds a lot to the run defense, and would be a huge help in the rotation.

Akeem Spence- In 2018 he had a solid 76.7 PFF grade, and had a very good 10 yard split during the combine.  Overall he's not great, but with the complete lack of juice at 3 tech and inside pass rush, he at least offers something.  

Tenzel Smart- Decent size, solid 3 cone and 20 yard shuttle.  PFF draft favorite, good production in college.  Overall, probably the best price/talent/fit match.  Offers the inside pass rush help, and wont be get a lot of money.

Breeland Speaks- A little small to play inside, but could hold up at 3 or 5 tech a little bit.  Ran a 4.87 40.  Injuries have plagued his career so far.  Worth a shot and could help add some inside rush.  

Cam Wake- Biggest name, but old and if he was the player he used to be he would have been on a team a long time ago.  He would still be able to help as a rotational pass rusher though.

OLine

Josh Kline- Run block grade of 62.3.  450 pass block plays last year, only 1 sack.  The best option to be able to step in and improve the offensive line.  If I could bring in any player, it would be him.  At this point, he probably would be the best guard on the team.  When Sua Filo comes back it Kline could offer solid depth or even continue to start. Either way, Bengals would actually have an interior lineman that's not pathetic as a backup between XSF, Kline, and Jordan, so that would be a positive.

Ronald Leary- Solid player, would be able to step right in and start.

Alex Taylor- The giant OT from South Carolina. Ok athlete, and great size.  Very raw, no chance to start, but would be a great add to develop for the future.  

I think they should definitely look into Kline. Other than that, not a lot of good options even for backups out there.  Not sure anyone comes in on the defensive line and offers much outside the Snacks and Wake, but they really don't offer the help where the Bengals really need the help."
"Although these guys are solid options to improve the team, the bengals have shown not to make those kind of in-season acquisitions"
We really need to pick up Larry Warford next year
"Can Kline play RT? If answer is yes then sign him, if answer is no then sign him anyway hed probably still play better."
for someone who is quoting pff its weird you don't put the negatives aka the reasons they're still on the streets and not signed by any of the numerous injured rosters across the league. This isn't madden where you just plug and play some guy off the couch and he magically produces.
"Why tf did we get rid of Cordy Glenn and why don’t we get him back? He’s gotta be better than what we have now, outside of Jonah

Also Justin Britt"
"Hey everybody,

This week on Cincinnati Sports Review, we discuss the tie to the Eagles, discuss future coaching options, and preview the Jaguars game on Sunday.

Below are the links to Spotify, Apple Podcasts, and Google Podcasts

[https://open.spotify.com/show/66vV5S0yYXiR34SIf9Jh6f?si=1qaZyT\_0Tn2BwJIFHMKJXQ](https://open.spotify.com/show/66vV5S0yYXiR34SIf9Jh6f?si=1qaZyT_0Tn2BwJIFHMKJXQ)

[https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/cincinnati-sports-review/id1511424693](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/cincinnati-sports-review/id1511424693)

[https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9waW5lY2FzdC5jb20vZmVlZC9jaW5jaW5uYXRpLXNwb3J0cy1yZXZpZXc](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9waW5lY2FzdC5jb20vZmVlZC9jaW5jaW5uYXRpLXNwb3J0cy1yZXZpZXc)"
Does he play any zone? I think minshew kind of sucks against it with his noodle and was going to put the bengals in a teaser. thanks who deys
[deleted]
"Honestly if you’re going to trade it, If take the points. It’s unlikely that either team wins by 10 so Jacksonville +10 is a good tease"
"\>  Does he play any zone? 

We were killing Wentz with man to man, he went zone in the red zone and he got his passing touchdown. Think about that."
""
""
I’d settle for an ok game from Redmond. I would love to see Green have a good game.
"Wait, Redmond is expected to start? Did not know that at all"
"Also, Higgins."
lmao Redmond can have a completely mediocre game and it'd be leagues better than what we've been having
Alex Redmond for fucking president
""
"Damn, and I thought I was bad for keeping my Eifert cereal... 

This is sick though."
I still have a box of VottO's so no worries all good Cinny vibes.
Still have mine as well. Took it with me when I traveled to Charlotte to see the Bengals play the Panthers. I knew I was staying in the same hotel as the team. Approached Chad in the lobby and asked him if he would sign the box for me. He told me no lol oh well.
I got VottOs and these. Definitely a bigger loser than you. Big time flex.
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/ochocinco-cereal-box-uses-sex-line-number/
Others might call it dedication.
Hell yeah. I got this exact box for my birthday one year and I was stoked. Still have it in my room to this day
I still have two unopened six packs of hu-dey beer from 1988
Sprinkle some last dab on them
[removed]
[deleted]
Everyone makes mistakes
Where!?
"I'm a fan, that's real cool."
Dude those look so cool!!
Those are actually pretty clean
clean as hell man these are nice
[removed]
Why is he still on the team? Why is he still the O line coach?
"I watched bobby hart stumble backwards blocking no one on the goal line against the browns, if he literally takes one step forward mixon has a hole and a TD"
"Since you asked....

ZT was the HC for about 3 to 4 months when Hart got his 3 year/21+ million deal , so my guess is he wanted him on the team. Jim Turner has ties to ZT going back to them both being on the 08-11 era of A&M through Mike Sherman. Zac's wife is Sherman's daughter. 

I'll edit it, but I posted a massively long reply last week about all the connections some of the present coaching staff has with ZT from 10 years ago. BTW Those A&M teams went 25-25 in the regular season before Sherman and his band of merry men got whacked. 

Of Course Joe {regis} Philbin hired Taylor and Turner as Tannehill went from A&M to Miami and Zac worked his ""magic' and we saw how good Tannehill was with the Dolphins. Turner gave Tannehill that wonderful OL more worried about hazing younger players {among worse things} then protecting their QB.

Now here they are together in Cincy to teach Joe Burrow their wisdom of mediocrity.

Thanks MB !!"
[Bro didn't you hear he's solid.  We're good.  It's totally cool.](https://bengalswire.usatoday.com/2020/10/01/jim-turner-interview-bobby-hart-bengals-biggest-problems/)
News Flash.  There is currently no one better on the roster to play RT.  Might not be anyone better in free agency either.
I hear the two get frozen yogurt after the game lol
They're having a secret affair and work is the only time they can be together
""
It’s criminal how underutilized he is. Throw him the damn ball.
What was the injury?
My simulation of Jags vs Bengals on Pro Strategy Football 2021 had Mixon having a very good game.
Lol
Well
"devastating? yeah we'd really be missing out on those hot 45 rushing yards, thanks o-line"
Wouldn’t have been a big loss anyway.  He hasn’t done anything behind this line and the coaches refuse to get him going in the passing game
Some comments here did not age well
"What would have been devastating about it? What difference does it make? Nothing works behind this Oline.

This coaching staff is 2-16-1. For multiple seasons the offensive line has been among the bottom 5 in all of the league. Our rookie quarterback is on pace to be sacked a record amount of times. Mixon, our star running back, who is among the best in the league at yardage after initial contact, can't even find a way to generate production. Zac says that the offensive line concerns are overblown. It's either because he's simply stupid or it's coach's speak because he doesn't want to put a spotlight on his own failures. But, if that's the case, how can he justify tossing our rookie QB under the bus? Our rookie QB who is exceeding all expectations (and the ONLY one on the team who is doing so), but yet Zac says it's Burrow's fault and Burrow needs to find a way to improve and stop taking sacks.

Fire Zac Taylor. Fire Lou Anarumo. Fire Jim Turner. None of these fools should have jobs in the NFL. Those 3, combined with every OG on the roster, and Hart, are the biggest problems facing this organization. They're completely nonchalant about the fact that their management is constructing an atmosphere that WILL ruin the career one of the most promising prospects to ever enter the league."
"Every season no matter how good or bad we are I always keep track of how close we are to being eliminated from the playoffs. I always say “ok we just need to win 4 out of 5 to close out the year!” Or... “man if we could just win 3 straight we would be in such great shape” stuff like that.

A win today would really help! The Jags are beatable. Nobody is expecting them to be a super bowl contender. We are desperate and at Home. So what we have injuries all teams do. We have Burrrow and talented players NO EXCUSES go crush them today!!!

I think if I didn’t have kids and a full time job I would put a lot of money on the Bengals to win today. And then when they let me down I would drink and then think “ok now if we can just find a way to pull off a Ravens win. I know we can do it Burrow has been incredible and A.J. always comes alive against Baltimore” more stuff like that.

Come on Bengals help me out today! WHO DEY 

Bengals 31- Jags 13"
Who Dey!!!!!!
Man! Your positivity is frightening and so cheerful at the same time! Keep your spirits up! WHO DEY!
Playoffs? Playoffs?!
then we can be 1-3-1 after we give up 600 rushing yards to the Ravens
Jesus joe is so good
30 - 27 Bengals. Its gonna be close. But I think we got this one. WHODEY!!!!!!
"You should never have had playoff hopes for this team. Not trying to be a downer but no one at all picked them to do any better than a record of 6-10. 

Looking back over the last three games we all understand that they could definitely be sitting on 3-0 at this point but they are living out their destiny as Bengals with shitty coaches"
"I've never rooted for my team to lose this early in the season but given our problems and who is going to be number 1 pick next year I'd love for bengals to get back to back number 1s. But with that said the bengals can win today, they keep losing by less than a score."
"&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/hui4k154z2r51.png?width=2003&format=png&auto=webp&s=193e5dff3acd610f6fac9bb97001513a6252594f

Hey guys, [dropping a link to my Week 4 Preview.](https://kentuckysportsradio.com/main/bengals-week-4-preview-battle-of-the-felines/) It's hard to say how much longer we'll have NFL football for, so let's enjoy it while we can. I think this will be a really fun game, and in this post I recap news from the week, highlight matchups to watch, and identify one way the Bengals can secure that ever-important first win. Let's go get one today!"
"Looks like the defense is in for a challenge today.

Official #Bengals injury report has Geno Atkins, Mike Daniels and Logan Wilson out.

Mackensie Alexander is doubtful.

It seems like Joe Mixon will play.


https://mobile.twitter.com/jaymorrisonath/status/1312083923091050507"
Well sand my nipples and call me Fred
"Does that mean Markus Bailey will get to play? I keep seeing him on our inactive lists, but I had a hard time finding if he’s injured or a healthy scratch"
Ah fuck here we go with Alex Redmond
[deleted]
""
The cigs were a nice touch
Should have had the kicker grab his calf after the kick
Kicker not fat enough.
This is awesome
"Very well done, keep em coming. 

Maybe do old school hip hop style l; I think it would fit pretty well."
I want a youtube link so I can share this to my non-Reddit buddies! I love it!
Amazing. Would love to hear a bluegrass version!
This is incredible.
I can’t emphasize how great this is
Okay this is the most wholesome shit I've seen in a whi- wait is that guy coughing up blood?
"This is quality stuff, gents!"
"Hahaha, loved it."
I love this so much
This is awesome and makes me happy we’re rooting for the same squad. WHO DEY!
Nice to see broccoli rob and the boys still at it after all these years
This was so Cincinnati. I fucking loved it.
"Carson Palmer and Chad Johnson?

Wont even retire 85, sad"
Bobby hart was playing for his career he knew if he gave up a sack it’s over for him
High quality content? On my sub??
"Metal.  


Or I'll second the bluegrass vote."
I love this
Phenomenal 👌
"Amazing! 

Continuing the van Halen motiff:

[The Bengals] will get higher and higher,
Straight up they'll climb,
Higher and higher and leave them all behind,
Oh that's what dreams are made of!"
It has been 17 days since a Bengals loss. 🤷🏼‍♂️
Haters will say this is fake 😎
Isn’t it actually 17?
About to be 18!
Anybody know why the Bengals aren’t represented in the new shoe line?
"They're the Bengals, they have some of the lowest merch sales in the league so they don't bother including them in a lot of stuff."
bruh every team is represented besides us and the Football Team
It should be “Who Dagent” 🗿
I'd say the majority of team catchphrases are pretty wack ngl
I agree 1000%. I love this team but the who dey thing is lame.
Yesssir!
"Yup, it's awful."
""
Got the color rush jersey for Burrow finally this week. They look so damn slick!
Not getting clobbered every play is the other half 🙏. Nice gear btw
Those are both awesome! Who dey!
wow. QB*JOE is probably the best nickname for him so far. It’s simple. I like it.
I haven’t gotten my color rush jersey yet 😭😭😭 they said it will be here in oct but i ordered in march
"Does anyone know if the usual newport bus shuttle, or the hooters boat shuttle will be running for the game today? Couldn’t find anything online"
[deleted]
"#Jacksonville Jaguars at Cincinnati Bengals

Paul Brown Stadium- Cincinnati, OH

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:07

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Jaguars|7|6|0|12|25|
|Bengals *|3|7|17|6|33|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|CIN|FG|1|(2:45) R.Bullock 35 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|JAX|TD|1|(:28) G.Minshew II pass short left to D.Chark Jr. for 11 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|JAX|PAT|1|A.Rosas extra point is GOOD, Center-R.Matiscik, Holder-L.Cooke.|
|JAX|FG|2|(3:49) A.Rosas 32 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-R.Matiscik, Holder-L.Cooke.|
|CIN|TD|2|(1:03) (Shotgun) J.Burrow pass short right to J.Mixon for 9 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|2|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|JAX|FG|2|(:06) A.Rosas 20 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-R.Matiscik, Holder-L.Cooke.|
|CIN|TD|3|(12:37) J.Mixon right end for 34 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|3|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CIN|TD|3|(8:34) (Shotgun) J.Mixon up the middle for 23 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|3|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CIN|FG|3|(3:34) R.Bullock 40 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|JAX|FG|4|(14:37) A.Rosas 50 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-R.Matiscik, Holder-L.Cooke.|
|CIN|FG|4|(9:25) R.Bullock 46 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|JAX|TD|4|(6:17) (Shotgun) G.Minshew II pass short middle to D.Chark Jr. for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|FG|4|(1:50) R.Bullock 30 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|JAX|FG|4|(:12) A.Rosas 30 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-R.Matiscik, Holder-L.Cooke.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Bengals | 7 | 73 | 205 | 300 | 28 |
| Jaguars | 6 | 49 | 89 | 340 | 25 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/bengals/comments/j55og8/post_game_thread_jacksonville_jaguars_at/)
Burrow has thrown 2 TDs and we have 3 points...
That celebration after tapping down Minshew literally tripping over his own feet was the most Dre Kirkpatrick thing I've seen this year.
Jags fan here. Sorry Wingard is an asshat
42 on Jax is a hoe
Remember Jonah was the best o lineman when he was drafted and is pretty much a rookie. One thing to look forward to on our o line.
"Damn, I really think AJ's washed"
Never seen a QB have to beat both teams to win.
Fuck 42
"Sorry Tyler. I love you bro, but I'm so glad you dropped that."
Eifert still cares about us deep down
Tyler dropped it on purpose. He’s a secret agent
"Eifert deserves more respect. He gave his all for this team, and continues to do so today."
One thing we can all agree on: AJ rag-dolling & smacking around Jalen Ramsey is easily the #1 moment in Bengals/Jaguars history
Did that last throw hit the ground?
#JOE AND JOE’S BIZARRE ADVENTURE
Why is everyone free to give cheap shots to our players
Why is that crack fiend celebrating a blatant PI
Randy just earned himself an extra dessert.
"How is that not PI?

Genuine question."
"Most running qbs slide, Burrow just sits down"
They say overthrew but AJ just looked slow...
"Life as a Bengals fan in 2020 is no longer about feeling anxious about losing, it's feeling anxious about Burrow dying, losing is just the norm."
Refs just don’t care if Bengals players get illegal hits on them
Jags kicker has some methhead scratcher tattoos.
Damn and Joe audibles into that. He knows what the fuck he is doing
I can’t stand 42.
Should have been PI AND late hit.
That would’ve been the end of the season for eifert if he was a bengal
"Glad Jesse didn't try to lay out eifert, great play"
EVERY SINGLE TIME we do something good something bad immediately happens. I’m so tired of it
75 yard drive with only 20 actual yards of offense. Jesus
Idk how we didn’t sack Minshew there but I’ll take a 3 and out
It’s so tough watching AJ right now. He’s not 100%
We’re so lucky that the Bengals lucked into Burrow. I still can’t believe it.
"How the fuck do they call that, but not the aj green one"
This is what a Zac Taylor offense looks like with competent offensive line play.
Lou needs to be shot full force into the Ohio with no hazmat suit
Hey CBS show a fucking replay so we can see the fucking penalty.
"""Look out, you don't want him to return the ball""

*fumbles the ball*

😑"
Jonah Williams has some wheels!
"Death, taxes and the bengals giving up a score going into halftime"
Cincinnata
#Cincinnata
"Cincinnata.


That’s how my grandma used to say it."
I'm not sure how spearing a defensless receiver isn't a flag.
Lol fuck you 42
Wingard is a POS
Jags 42 is straight trash. Fuck that guy
"Dear NFL, you can call PI for the Bengals too. Thanks"
[deleted]
This is by far the most complete half of football this team has played. Let's see more of this.
300 yards from our rookie qb. We gotta protect this guy
Imagine celebrating hitting a defenseless receiver. What a piece of shit
Flags all game but not there? Makes sense!
Cheap shot AND celebrates. Eject that piece of shit.
Fuck 42
Sorry eifert lol.  Nice play though bates!
Fat randy has like +50 to his stats when the game isn’t on the line
I feel like 33-25 is gonna be scoragami
"*AJ Green being dragged down and both hands held down

Doesn’t catch it

/r/Bengals: fuck AJ green you washed up POS


You guys are idiots."
Burrow fucking sucks at sliding hahaha
AJ is just slow man
People in the stands with their masks not over those nose. Jesus Christ people come on.
2 missed TD's got me hurtin
"Let me tell you why being a Bengals fan is awesome... well, because during Corona times, wearing a paper bag on your head as a Bengals fan protects you from both the virus and the shame you have supporting this clown show."
Where’s the flag for that??! He was defenseless.
Who's the dumbass who said we should cut Mixon earlier? Expose yourself coward
"man, i was screaming ""nooo"" on that hit on eifert. i hope he's ok. it was good d, but damned if i'm not worried eifert is out for the year now."
good hit from bates. may have saved the drive.
"Stats probably don’t back it up, but feels like Higgins has had more of an impact in this game than Ross in his entire contract"
Burrow first rookie QB with 300 passing yards in 3 consecutive games.
"Way to go, Large Randall."
What’s crazy is that this team could be 3-1 right now
"HE DON’T MISS!

..except week 1 but we’ve moved on"
That was decidedly not a completion. Challenge that.
"I've not been able to watch most of the game, but is the line actually doing solid?"
Love y'all. Have a good rest of your Sunday. Who dey!
Ready to whine for the next 3 hours
Joe actually had 3 seconds to throw that
"Dear Zac

Google Quarterback Sneak"
Our team is only creative at finding new ways to lose
Burrow should have 3 tds today and no picks. So frustrating
"""Held them"" to a field goal. Time to extend Lou, boys."
#THE CINCINATTA BENGAS
"lol, what an average running back, huh /u/doctorsnape?"
I am going to say it - the offensive line has played well today (so far).
"""May"" have.  Na dude that was PI, fuck off"
"PI? No? 

Of course it was that fucking chode Wingard."
I like how we’ve moved on from John Ross. Guy should ride the bench for the rest of the season
Burrow is accurate as fuck.
Burrow with the 69% completion percentage today
Big Bollocks musta really been cramping cuz he sure hasn't missed since! Good shit Ran
Randy is fuckin money since his calf(s?) injury
Jonah Williams holy fuck. Way to run downhill.
"""MiXoN iS aVeRaGe"""
"Someone buy that left tackle a drink, that was a  solid block!!"
Surprised eifert wasn't injured there
"Yeah that's warranted, If he didn't hold him Burrow was gonna get rocked."
Our D is just brutal to watch at times. I can't believe we spent this much money to look like this.
Hello darkness my old frienddddd
Why are fans mad at the 3rd down play call when Mixon couldnt manage 1 yard in 2 plays?
At least you don’t have to worry about Sample catching covid
Shoulda been 21-10 right now. Joe is legit. We gotta figure out how to stop wasting his talent. Fast.
FIRE LOU AMARETTO SOUR
This is where it's very easy to blame coaching.
Lou might be the worse coach in Bengals history
"announcer saying both quarterbacks made a couple mistakes... if he was referring to the INT that wasn't on Burrow at all. Not sure what else Burrow has done wrong, he's played pretty solid so far."
"Did he just say ""cincinnatuh""? Lmao"
OL has been looking better since about the second quarter tbh
Billy Price on the sideline when the offense is on the field is a wonderful sight.
These refs suck
I am really happy for Mixon today. He had a rough 3 previous games and getting his rewards.
42 has got to go
Someone needs to light 42 the fuck up
41 to 14 Cleveland? What the FUCK?!
Main takeaway from this game is 42 is a huge douchebag
42s a little bitch
Refs are trying so hard to gift this garbage juice Jacksonville team a win here.
Look at Jonah out there running his ass off. Love it
Joe looks happy :)
This two min defense is laughable
Joe Burrow is amazing
Joes first win
Bates  is the real deal
How is it every single week since last year it seems like some person I've never heard of has his breakout performance of his career against us?
My god the refs are driving them down the field
Tee Higgins is the future.
Should be a touchdown!
I'm so pissed at sample
Cute little uncalled helmet to helmet on Mixon just for fun
"Letting the jags carve up the fucking field with under a minute and no time outs.

Fucking fire Lou already. End this nightmare."
"Gun to your head, you either have to choose: 
1.  The Reds have 3 outs to score 1 run
2.  The bengals defense has 1 minute before half to stop a score

Which do you pick?"
Cincinatta
first down SINATA BABY
Redmond is soo much better than Fred.
Defenseless receiver wtf
THROW THE FUCKING FLAG
My comment about Mixon earlier in the game has not aged well. I'm sorry Mixon.
Who's playing o-line right now? Seems like they're actually blocking and giving Burrow time.  Williams Jordan Hopkins Redmond Hart?
Lol Burrow riding the stationary bike like 'oh shit we have a 2 score lead what am I supposed to do'
42 is eating total shit right now
"Well I’m a Cowboys and LSU fan and can’t take anymore of my dumpster fire team today so time to watch burrow cook, what’s up guys?"
Could have been PI. That’s not on AJ. He’s struggling though. Wouldn’t be mad if he was out
uh oh Jags remembering they can beat us by just running every play
Secret agent Eifert again
Skinny Randy baby
 So I dropped  fat Randy after week 1 and  I feel like he felt that and is  now pissed at me and taking it out on the ball
"Based on a very small sample size, Burrow/Herbert (hopefully) shaping up to be the Brady/Manning of the 2020’s. We (should be) in for a wild decade bois & girls"
"We gotta extend the fuck outta jessie bates

&#x200B;

..pause"
Smdh we had them at 4th and 4 on their own 30.
Mixon has been on a fucking rampage today they have no answers for him
"If you played Mixon in your fantasy league, congrats."
That's a veteran play
Burrows one and only weakness:  the slide
"Not celebrating until the clock hits zero, we all know Lou’s currently scheming up ways to give up 12 points in under 2 minutes"
506 yards!!!!
First 1 score win of the ZT era baby!
Classic 3 and out after a turnover lol
Fat Randy woulda made it
"Remember, the oline issues are overblown."
Probably my least favorite thing about football is the 10 second wait after an amazing play waiting for that inevitable flag
Personal foul for what?
Personal foul for what???
Personal foul for being a Bengals player.
I promised myself that I wouldn’t get riled up and pissed. I have broken that promise.
"I get serious young AJ Green vibes from Tee Higgins. Just a lot of similarity in how they execute catches, secure the ball, etc. Definitely exciting to watch him bloom."
"Lmao what a fucking spot, no chains???? Fuck"
Must be nice when the RB gets the benefit of the doubt
"Where's that guy who said Joe Mixon was overrated earlier?

WHERE?!"
Who said Joe Mixon was average. Show yourself coward!
"Love how these officials are happy to take points off the board for us on a highly questionable holding penalty, but somehow don’t notice blatant holding when the Jags do it."
Imagine not giving up big drives with less than 2 minutes left.
They got to our 11 in 28 seconds with no timeouts. Bravo Lou
Guys.... we MIGHT not win the super bowl this year
"On the positive side, JAX looks incapable of slowing down the Bengals offense."
[deleted]
I think they just realized that throwing the ball to their $48 million dollar running back can get them yards
"OKAY I REALLY WANNA KNOW WHERE THE GUY WHO CALLED JOE OVERRATED IS

BECAUSE I *REALLLLLLLLLY* HOPE YOU TURNED THE GAME OFF ALREADY"
Can you guys imagine... now hear me out. Can you imagine what an 11 point LEAD would feel like if we score?
Cincinnata
ok where are all the flags now?!!
If bengals defense hit a jags receiver like that you think a flag would have been thrown?? Honest question.
"Glad Mixon got in his face, fuck that dude"
"*Richard Nixon in Futurama voice*


**MIXON’S BAAAAAACK**"
"""JoE IsN't A ToP 10 rB!"""
Love Joe on the bike
Shouldve been a flag!!
"PI? No? 

Of course it was that fucking chode Wingard."
Second half adjustments?? Solid o line play? Bruising running game? Solid defense? I hope I don’t sober up this is amazing
I'm gonna need a tranquilizer for this quarter!
Boyd is taking some shots today. Fuck 42
B Positive looks positively awful.
Did that ball bounce?
"So they can rip it from us, but we can’t from them"
That sweep was a great playcall actually.
"Probably getting ahead of myself, but based on this game was Redmond seriously the secret weapon needed to (somewhat) shore-up the right side of our line? 

2020 just keeps getting wilder and wilder"
That’s my RUNNING BACK!!!!
It’s fat randy time!
"Please don't fuck this up, Bengals."
"I don’t know what this is, but it feels a lot better than losing"
Do the Bengals give up a TD in 56 seconds or “hold them” to a FG?
"My buddy is at the game. We're both very confused...

https://i.imgur.com/1cMC0a6.jpg"
"God this is what having an o-line is like, can't wait for the Ravens to absolutely disillusion us"
Nice hands there Jacksonville receiver.
Looked like he was limping.
love that second and long run. Zac hasn’t learned shit since last week lol
Use AJ exclusively for slants and short out routes. Let Higgins and Boyd be the deep threats.
"The pick was nice to see, credit where it’s due there but the flags and missed tackles are obvious signs this defense just isn’t disciplined. Fire Lou"
Fuck that was a hell of throw and catch too!
Lmao bro what tf was that penalty call
Damn these refs love screen time huh?
That was some old school 85 foot dragging. Beautiful job by their WR
That was a TD gifted by the refs lmao whatever
that TO is on sample
Why the fuck do I still watch
Burrow is fucken ballin today and we got 3 points...
Just let them score quick. I want to see more Joe Burrow.
This team is fucking allergic to tackling
93 forced the guard back into Minshew
Joe showing confidence in Sample
Sample can't catch a cold.
the shot of the celebration with the ominous sky in the background was pretty dope
THAT WOULD OF BEEN A PENALTY IF WE DID THAT
Ok so we need to get Joey a TE with some hands.
That's clearly a targeted hit to the head by Jack and he *knew* he was in the end zone.
I wish there were actual bets on if the bengals gave up points under two minutes before the half. I’d make a fortune
"""Prevent"" Defense, prevent what winning?"
Just drove 75 yards in 50 seconds with no timeouts. Fucking pitiful
How the fuck do you let them drive down the field in these circumstances?
Our minute drill defense couldn’t stop a pee wee team from scoring on them
The defense somehow looks worse than they did last year
The Browns are absolutely thumping the Cowboys. We play in the best division in football at this point.
"They keep talking about how penalties are down, but every Bengals game has been a flagfest."
does JB have....time? in the pocket?
Redmond is mediocre and thats all we need!
No flag for that
Cheap hit on Boyd!
How is that not a penalty?
No flag? For fucking real?
Long commercial break to cover up that no call
#PAGING DOCTORSNAPE
Whered the joe haters head off to?
**THE LACK OF REPLAYS ARE PISSING ME OFF**
ThIs Is WhAt HaPpEnS WhEn YoU pAy ThE rUnNiNg BaCk
"“I’ll be back.”  

-Arnold Schwarzenegger 

Also Joe Mixon."
Now imagine if Burrow could have kept his 2 TDs....
"Where's the guy who said Mixon overrated?!?
Appreciate the vibe switch!"
Goodness this pass rush blows
This broadcast is apparently allergic to replay
Alex Redmond for fucking president
Oh my god I’m actually having fun watching the Bengals
"Im all for letting the defense wilt if it means investing heavily in an offensive line, because giving Joe Burrow time to work is magic to witness."
Maybe Alex Redmond was the secret sauce all along...
Wingard running his mouth like he hasn't been trash all game lol
The jags are getting away with every flag
Fat Randy!!!
I want to hit 42 on Jacksonville in the face so bad.
Don't let up now that we have a lead defense...
Nice clean play Bates.
Good stuff Bates
Wtf that late hit on Joe 😤
So hard is the dirtiest fucker I’ve seen in a while. I fucking hate him
Fucking Tee! Know who I don’t miss?? Ross.
damn Jags can't catch a break
Fat Randy is absolute money today
"Randy doesn’t have the leg as some others in the league, but I’ll take his accuracy over what we’ve had before"
A rookie shouldn't be effortlessly running an NFL offense the way Burrow is.  It's going to be so fun watching the Bengals march down the field all season.
Bates can be the leader we need on defense
"Why tf did we have a LB on a WR in single coverage? Unsurprisingly, Lou is doing everything he can to make this game go down to the wire"
"Joe is so quick for big guy, man."
"I understand the logic of going for 2, but wouldn't there be an absolutely miniscule sample size of teams going for 2 when down 14? I feel like it's only started to be attempted by teams now, so the analytics just couldn't be entirely sound."
JONAH
I want to see a defensive stop. Let’s go.
Joe is happy!!!!!
Burrows first win as a Bengal!
Mixon balled out for whoever started him
"How bad was Jags clock management on that drive?

A. Terrible

B. Abysmal

C. Bengali"
Marvin Lewis levels of clock management by the jags
"White Claw #1 opened. Damn Mango. 🤨

Good news is we are 0-0 when i crack a Mango claw for my first bev before kickoff"
AJ is done. So slow and just no effort
"AJ just doesn't have it anymore, it seems."
"2nd and long runs do not work for this team, please no more.."
Dunlap had arguably his best season last year but has been completely useless this year
I’d love to see someone on the OL defend Burrow when he takes a hit like that. At least get a little rough with Marsh or something let him know that’s not acceptable.
I just get so tired of great plays getting called back. I just can’t believe it.
Flag for the bengals defense sucking- automatic 7 points
I’ll be honest that was a beautiful catch
Bwahahahahahaha. Of. Fucking. Course.
Fuck this omg it's like its literally a comedy or something
Sample has got to fight for that man
[deleted]
That is Sample's fault all the way. And a little PI for good measure
Isn’t that pass interference? The guy never turned..
"Dumb penalties 
Trash o line
Ref ball

The same shit every Sunday"
Tie it then get the ball back. In Burrow we trust 🙏🏿
Joey B looks awesome today
#KEEP MIXON IT UP
That will be a fine for Jack
No helmet to helmet contact penalty? Ok refs
It's funny that the rookie QB of all fucking people is the ONLY position I'm not worried about on this team.
Always. Run. Hurry up.
I wish I had a dime every time I saw Hubbard nearly making a play.
Wide the fuck open. Jesus
Bengals tradition to give up points under a minute left
well did our best to give up the TD
This defense is such dogshit
At least we didn't let them score touchdown.
"Fire Lou already. 

Undisciplined. Unprepared. Every single week."
half....time...adjustments???
#JOSEPH MIXON
MIXON IT UP
These refs just love flags
CINCINNATTA BINGLES
Tyler Boyd. So hot right now.
"AJ Green is my favorite Bengal of all time, but we cannot pay him $19 mill to get blanketed like this"
How is that not a flag?
THROW THE FUCKING FLAG
"these fu***ing refs, you can hit a bengal player anyway you want and there is no flag. no ejection. no fine."
YOU GOTTA CALL THAT
That was SO late after the play dude
"The bengals defense would have been called for that hit every time.

Especially during a 2016 playoff game.

Total bullshit"
"Remember when Jessie Bates got fined and flagged cause he hit a receiver who was already established as a runner and hit him with the his shoulder 

Lol refs"
"Why tf do they have to throw as many commercials as they possibly can, I want to see replays lol"
Running backs who score 3 touchdowns are so overrated right DrSnape
That is how good this offense can be with Burrow if he has time in the pocket
What the fuck is this. Its sunday night and I am enjoying a Bengals game.
CAN 28 GET 28???
Mixon earning that contract!
Great coverage downfield and great pursuit by the DL. Our luck is turning a bit.
Lawson need to calm the fuck down crawling over the top of minshew like that
42 is a dirty scrub.....he should play for Pitt.
"Now we get the real Burrow, the Burrow that has time to pass with decent receiving."
I like this. Can we do this more often?
Thst is the most obvious pass interference I have ever seeb
Clear PI but cool guess we don’t get any calls today
May?! His arm was completely across his arms. That’s PI. But not with these refs.
"We don't get calls, I've seen so many of these calls go AGAINST us for years, esp primetime games.

FUCK THES REFS"
"PI? No? 

Of course it was that fucking chode Wingard."
Do you think the players call him Fat Randy?
Wingardium leviosa his ass out of here
The good ole Marvin Lewis “Play Not To Lose” Defense. I love it.
Bates is literally the goat
Hey fucking Jordan evans for Vice President
Lawson tried ripping his head off.
🅱️fence
If that hit is on Aaron Rodgers it’s a penalty 100%
Not sure if our offensive line is better or they have no pass rush.
Solid Randy
RANDY BOBANDY
"If Burrow had a better Oline and may be one elite receiver, he would be future HoF material."
[deleted]
Now the zone bullshit starts. God damn it defensive coordinator.
"I thought y'all were overreacting, then my stream caught up."
About damn time Von Bell made a play.
That's a weird call to go for two...but I'll take it.
LMAO Marrone & Gruden are clearly in a competition with Lou to see who can make the dumbest calls. Spoiler: they’re all winning!
42 actually didn’t hit joe there
Just keep running that clock baby!
Jonah getting out there!
God please O line like this for ever please
"I fully expect our 2 minute drill ""defense"" to gift them a TD but surely we'll get the onside kick right ahah"
QB1 looking happy on the sideline makes me wanna cry....happy tears
*Happy tiger noises*
2 weeks in a row we didn't lose
FINALLY A WIN!!!!!!!!!!
That clock management was horrible. Thank you Jags
Awful clock management by Jax
VICTORY!
We won a game!!!!
Too bad Burrow had to get only his  second INT on such a shit Sample's play
We did it!
WE FUCKING WONNNNN
Who Damn Dey?!?!
"Hey, we got to run Victory formation fr."
So today we learned Sample can catch anything as long as it's not in the endzone
So that's a TD but Samples wasn't? Odd
AJ looking like he’s 53 years old
"""MIXON IS WASHED UP"" - Random reddit peon"
"Still wish we would have gone o-line in round 2, but I’ll be damned if Higgins isn’t making that pick look like incredible value"
"get your fuckin mask up lou, you know mikey b dont want to pay those fines"
Lou obv sucks but yeah the injuries hes had to deal w on Dline sucks
Defense might be more fired up with fans here today
The shotgun HB dive never works and usually looks goofy.
Running with this line is a dream at this point
AJ looks so damn slow man
God AJ looks s l o w
That 2nd and long ZT run. 60% of the time it works 100% of the time
AJ hasn’t looked healthy all year...
That failure to score after a turnover will come back to haunt them. Absolutely pathetic play calling already.
They can’t keep using AJ likes he’s 2015 AJ. They need to play him like the cardinals play Larry Fitzgerald.
No pressure
We just don’t get any pressure
where is the f****ing flag on that hit..
Burrow has the mental timer now. Showing he doesn’t trust the O-line already. I don’t blame him.
Every game Tate proves his worth over Ross
That's the 3rd or 4th TD officials have wiped away on ticky tack calls this year. It's hard to overcome officials to that degree. Officials and bullshit calls are the difference between being 2-1 (possibly even 3-0) and being 0-2-1. And people still swear up and down that the league is legitimate.
In my Bengals fandom I’m pretty sure a holding call kills a Drive 100% of the time. Doesn’t matter what down it happens.
These refs are fucking whistle happy today.  Wheres the replay??
Refs throwing flags left and right
[deleted]
"This is just brutal to watch, jesus. Flag every play."
"Could that face mask have been more blatant. Really had to try on that one, oof."
I love football because the refs are so fun to watch.
Another fucking flag!?!??!?!  That's like 10 in one quarter.
"At this point, just throw the flag every play and figure it out as you go."
They only gained like 12 yards on that drive
Why are they not showing us these fouls? This is ridiculous
Lou needs to go
Just a losing mentality. It never changes.
fire lou
God I'm hyped for Sewell
Does going out of bounds not stop the clock anymore?
"burrow's arm is a thing of god given beauty. it's genetics. it's nature. it's evolution. it's perfection. you can teach QBs lots of techniques and tricks, not talent."
Terrible spot
BALLSY BUT I LIKE IT
How fucking late can they hit Joe
Bengals football.
Blocking legend Drew Sample
"The more I watch this season, the more I think that God is a Steelers fan and is fucking with us."
Can’t get one fucking yard
"It sucks that it isn't even fun watching games anymore, just skip to the end so I can see we've lost and move on with my day."
anyone have a video of Burrow's perfect TD pass bouncing off the receivers face and being intercepted?
"As soon as they got 15 yards on the first run, I’d knew they’d drive down the whole field."
That slipped saved us lol
Why isn’t the two minute offense our normal offense
Burrow should have 2 touchdowns already and yet here we sit with 3 point before the half.
can somebody please gif the air high five guy
Don't worry. 56 seconds is plenty of time for our opponent to score 14 points.
I hope Zac keeps looking to get Mixon touches through receptions because he is a really underrated receiver and it will only boost his confidence.
"If they give up a TD drive in 50 seconds to this guy, they should close the franchise. I'm sorry, but that's the honest truth."
My God we are gonna give up points
"Every fucking game, defense"
I need a Xanax
on a side note.. MAN THOSE JAGS UNIS ARE HORRENDOUS
Fire Lou at halftime
"Lou's Defense: ""What, Me Worry?"""
Lucky they took the field goal. They had a shot at the end zone with time.
"The 2 minute defense is why they lost to the eagles, gave up the halftime td and and end of game drive"
Wtf is with the end of half/game defense? It’s like a wall of single ply wet TP.
"Maybe they could get Wade Phillips off the couch to coach this defense.  I know he runs a 3-4, but I would have more faith with that than what we currently have."
What if the Vikings suck bad enough to fire Zimmer and we bring him back to replace Lou
"Holy shit, do I see um, good play calling?"
"#KEEP MIXON IT UP

#YES"
What a drive. Awesome seeing what happens when we actually run the ball.
The play calling today has been very good
Alex Redmond is a GOD😂
"I'm sorry, what were you saying about Mixon, /u/doctorsnape?"
We did a thing!
cinci..what? excuse me sir?
The Cinnatta Bangles
"The Browns are actually good...

We have officially entered the apocalypse."
I never thought I would say this but I wish the Bengals would  never throw it to aj
Yeah fuck that.  Now you dont throw a flag?!?!?
"I still find it surreal that this is Burrow on a strange offseason and no preseason. That INT wasn't even his fault and he looks like he's been here so many times. You love to see that out of any QB, let alone a guy making his fourth start."
How is that not defenseless receiver Jesus christ
ZT killing it today
They just gonna get to target our guys all game? That’s the second time I’ve seen it on a receiver and they’ve been coming in late and hitting Burrow all game.
Bates would have been flagged
"I’m a game where everything’s a flag, I’m not sure how that’s not."
Goldie locks just pissed burrow off with that strut!! Hope Boyd is ok. Burrow is about to pick them apart!
I'm not the biggest fan of the concept of the defenseless receiver but the inconsistency when it's actually called is what really bugs me
"That hit would be flagged if the Bengals did it.  Bullshit no call.

Edit. I recant. The replay looked clean."
Fuck you Gene.
How many people were calling mixon trash in this thread?
MiXoN iS wAsHeD uP
Hopefully these mixon fantasy owners will stay the fuck out of our sub!
Mixon is good. Idk what those guys were hating on him for earlier.
Burrow audibled into the same shotgun give we picked up the 4th down on.
Can't overstate how great it is to see a successful running game. Can only help the o line and the passing game.
If we can keep this run game going our offense is going to be scary
all hail half time adjustments!
Mixon is shredding the Jax defense today
Alex Erickson and fair catches: name a more frustrating pair
This is the team I thought we were getting all year...
I don't want to say this too soon but.....is the OLine doing work today??
Mixon is straight up on fire. Feed the machine!
I can’t beleive the Oline today
"I hate to say it, but I think we’ve officially seen the end of AJ dominating in stripes. That particular play was PI ,but 18’s been awful through just over 3.5 games now & now he might be injured again"
Nice Cleanup Bates
"Lou is bad. There, I said it."
"Alright, boys.

Let’s finish these guys off."
Not saying it should have been a flag but I'm glad Lawson didn't get called for that headlock. You never know
We don’t get calls
90 should have been hit with a late hit on Burrow
BURROW v HERBERT the new Brady v Manning
Goddamn Goldilocks likes running his mouth
42 is a bitch. Imma fight him
What a fucking dime!!!!!
That's gotta be a glitch.
Drove him to ground...no call
Nice blocking there bobby
Good job Chubby Randal.
"That kick by Randy was awful week one, but he was solid before that and he’s been locked on since"
Aren’t you all glad we didn’t cut randy?
We need to extend bates
Poor play by ADG there
The fuck were they doing going for 2 there?
I don’t understand why you go for 2
"So let me get this straight... They wrestle a ball from us in the end-zone and it's ""survival of the fittest"" but we do it to them and it's clear possession by chark..."
Wingard not taking the cheapshot? Holy shit
Browns scored 41 and Baker didn’t do shit.
Mixon is a machine
good choice QB1
Can someone pls  teach joe to slide pls
***RANDY***!
Y’all really nitpicking burrow over his sliding ability? Good lord just be happy that’s about the only thing we can critique the man on
Fat Randy ate one of the powerup doughnuts this morning.
Umm defense. You do have to slow them down a little bit
Burrow's 1st W! Who Dey!
Thank goodness.
Yo I'm happy for Burrow and all of us. Many more to come.
When do you think it's appropriate to cast blame on Zac Taylor?
 So helmet to helmet hits are ok in the end zone?
"Fun Fact: This will be the first game in PBS that Eifert has completed without injury.

e: I may have jinxed him"
"Lmao, it's sad but the attendance today at PBS kinda looks like normal."
I miss Tyler Eifert
MiXoN iS wAsHeD uP
Where's all the mixon haters from earlier?
The Boulder is conflicted about his opponent today
Hoping for a deep shot to start the game. Set the tone early.
I'm so sick of political ads. What about you guys?
Fuck this OL.... Getting it in early tonight!
Sleeper agent Eifert
Man that AJ connection just isn't there damn
"Missed opportunities, sounds familiar"
Punting? Seriously? Come on
We start with the ball on their side of the 50 and go 3 and out. Lol
AJ lost the wheels
Ross would’ve either caught that or gave up on the play three yards in
I’m predicting a 2nd and 10 run up the middle on this drive for 0 yards.
"Can we please get Joe in the passing game 

He’s a great receiver why don’t we call a play with him as the 1st read at least once ?"
That’s why Tate plays
"Yeah, that hit was Joe’s fault."
Def penalty worthy. Burrow seems to love getting hit so far when he doesn't have to
Jesus what a perfectly placed throw that was.
"I'll say it again:

Auden Tate knows only one catch, a spectacular catch."
Friendship over with AJ Green. Auden Tate is my new AJ Green.
"To be fair to Hopkins, that was a bit of a soft call."
"I'm seeing comments about the o line looking good, if it didn't look ok there would be reason to panic....I gues we have been, but Jags d line is supposed to be like one of the worst in the league"
I'm calling bs on the pi
How is it a PI if it’s tipped...
That was an obvious facemask guys...
"Jaguar focus pass protection, Bengal focus flag collection."
"Man these refs, making themselves center of attention"
Show the penalty!!!!!
Mother of fuck. Enough with the penalties. Good fuck
Appreciate the replays
Wtf is with the flags calm the fuck down
Fuck these refs.
yeah well that celebration was dumb!
Idk why Jackson bites so much to the middle. We have guys there. Is he not responsible for the outside?
"Just think, we still have to play Baltimore twice..."
Embarrassing.
"they don't win this one, no purpose watching them the rest of the year."
"None of those penalties were the refs' fault, it's just fucking sloppy, undisciplined defence"
god this franchise is truly just an unmitigated abortion
4 penalties for 47 yards IN THE FIRST QUARTER
Lmao announcer just jinxed us
This fuckin team ya know
"See what happens when you give Joe time to throw, o-line?

Keep doing that, please."
"I think they need to use Green the way the Cowboys used Cooper last year. He was obviously not 100%, but they used him almost as a decoy, and gave him enough targets to keep the defense honest, but he wasn't a true #1."
I used to think Dalton wasn’t bad at all and I still don’t think he’s terrible but Burrow‘s accuracy and awareness already surpasses Dalton’s. If Burrow had a solid line this offense would be a nightmare for other teams
Terrible spot these refs fucking suck ass
Can’t even block enough to gain 1 yard jesus
"Remember when this team was in the playoffs with TJ, Chad and Palmer?"
AJ is clearly afraid to take a hit. Didn’t even try to get that first down.
damn ZT got balls
"How many times did that announcer try to say ""Gionardo""?"
Why the hell do you snap it in shotgun there? Just stupid
Holy shit a well designed play?!?
"Higgins, burrow, mixon, Tate, theyre all just winners man."
What the fuck
I hate the BUNCH formation. Spread the damn field out. Too many players and defenders bunched up. So lame
Wait wasn’t he down? How?
Are you fucking kidding me
FUUUUUUUUUUck
poor Joe bruh he put the ball on my dudes hands
I mean at some point the terrible play starts to become laughable
I swear to god I just want to be able to go to work on a monday morning and not be depressed
"The sad thing is, you know we’re going to lose too."
"At this point just send out some 3rd stringer to cut block a ref, and be done with this game."
Sample just gave that ball up.
must be nice having a run game
"Anyone here who cut the cord know if you can pick up CBS with and HDTV antenna? I have an LG smart tv and am looking at these antennas on Amazon, just curious."
We're gonna manage to give up an 80-yard td drive aren't we.
We’re slow af
Jags are catching Bengalsitis
"Oh yes Amazon, tell us how you're good for small businesses."
"'anything you like here, if you're the bengals?'  yeah, whiskey"
Sample has stone hands
That's how you do it mixon!!!
"Ravens fan here with too many bengals on my fantasy team, someone please clip that fan dancing with Mixon after the TD that was awkward white guy gold"
Now can we not give up the traditional points before half like we always do?
Dunlap held there
Let's be honest we knew they would get in field goal range
Jax not even going to need 52 seconds to score a TD...WITH NO TIMEOUTS.
Our defense and offensive line need to fuck off.
"Classic, at least we know what to expect"
Didn't know Marvin Lewis was still on the sideline.
We should be paid to watch these games. It’s torture
It's all so goddamn predictable. The same shit EVERY WEEK. WE NEVER ADAPT.
Is lou using a playbook from madden?
Lmao we give up a chip shot field goal in 50 seconds.
They should have tried another play. Would have scored for sure.
Soft ass defense
At least we get the ball to start the second half.
If Wilson isn’t hurt and they just put Erickson back there...
"Hey i haven't noticed redmond all game. Thats a huge improvement lol 

We still can't run the ball but...beggars can't be choosers right?"
Moving the ball boys!
YESSS MIXON BACK TO BACK !!
"Hey, that looked like Joe Mixon"
Let’s got! Great run by Mixon!
YESSS JOE MIXON. We have the best Joe and Joe combo in Nfl history. Change my mind
Time for this sus defense to ruin it all
The Browns are destroying the Cowboys
"Seing AJ like this hurts my heart, man."
Damn the browns are steamrolling the cowboys. And we played them close on the road.
No it's not the right call but whatever
Digging the heavy use of Mixon and Gio!
How is that not hitting a defenseless receiver
No flags for defenseless? Just for Cincy I see
Refs hate The Bengals it’s a fact
How are they not gonna call that? Fuck that hit man
HTF is that hit not a flag?
Refs will call a penalty on the pettiest of BS and hold back on the most blatant of dirty hits to a defenseless receiver.
"""MIXON IS WASHED UP"" - Random reddit peon"
Joe deserves this game
Wow a 2 possession lead for the Bengals. Finally I can loosen up for a bit. But the offense better keep pounding and Lou I swear to god
i need a hug
there we go D!  its not Wentz back there
oh hey fuck that guy
Credit has to go to the OL today. Now they need to keep this up next week.
May have gotten there early May gave?
poor AJ
"Gonna miss AJ. God dang it, this sucks to watch.

Edit: To clarify, that's not on AJ to not catch that. 42 needs a head check."
Rain is giving burrow more time to throw since the jags can't get their footing on the pass rush. I don't think this is some magic improvement by our o-line but I hope I'm wrong
Man I just wanna see AJ go off again. Hes very clearly not been 100% at all this year.
Holy fuck that couldn’t have come at a better time.
Great time for that sack!
YESS MINSHEW SACK :)
What a beautiful 17 points in the 3rd quarter.
Eifert in concussion protocol
Eifert is being checked for a concussion. PBS cursed this man.
42 is such an asshole.
How they not call that late hit?
Bengals don’t need any respect from officials to win this one. But it would be nice
THAT was an excellent catch Tee Higgins!
I'm not used to actually looking like the better team. I csn get used to this.
Fat Randy is a fantasy god
KISS ME FAT BOY
Chonky Randy for president
We haven’t gave up a sack!?
Bates is absurdly good
Extend Bates.
Bump zone?
"Are we SERIOUSLY DOING THIS NOW.  FOR F*CKS SAKE, STOP"
FIRE LOU!!!!!!
Getting picked apart by freaking Lieutenant Dan.
Really surprised 42 didn’t take a cheap shot on the burrow slide
Look at this run game! I'm freaking giddy.
Is the Jags D-Line bad or is our run blocking improving after one week?
I love watching mixon run
"Don't look now, but the Browns are not leading by too much 👀"
"Can the Bengals: not fumble, make a 30 yard fg, play a tiny bit of defense? I'm on the edge of my seat."
"Sample is a great run blocker,  tough breaks for him today but I like what he is becoming. He's getting open,  just needs to come down with contested balls."
MY GOD THE BROWNS ARE REACHING STAGE FOUR BROWNING
I’m totally getting a Burrow jersey it’s been decided!!!!!!!!
"If a couple key plays went different, we'd be 3-1 right now."
"*David Ortiz voice*

THAAAAAAAAAA...

BENGALS WIN!"
I like this outcome
HEY HEY WHAT DO YA SAY THE CINCINNATI BENGALS WON TODAY!!!
I don't care that jax sucks. I liked what the Joes did here today.
AJ might be washed :(
This team makes me want to die
Lou Anarumo needs to be fired ASAP. No defensive coordinator in charge of a defense this porous ever keeps a job for this long
I remember getting upset when random NFL fans said they felt bad for Burrow to get drafted by the Bengals. I feel bad for Joe right now.
I'll always love AJ.... But he just looks a little off.
Don't even know the name of 42 but man he is a white trash fuckhead
What the fuck I love Randy Bullock.
I propose we take 7 o linemen in next years draft
Time to get this first win! Let's go!!!
WHAT A PICK!!
Tip drill bois! Let’s go!
I cant stand the shotgun run.
Just let Burrow run the offense.
"AJ always looks like hes limping or getting up gingerly after being tackled. 

I can't tell if its all physical, mental or both. Its really confusing for someone where he was still wowing people in camp with his athleticism."
Are Greens hamstrings old rubber bands now or what?? That was an otherwise beautiful play.
We get no pressure on any qb
"Damn, Lions up 14-0 on the Saints"
I get irrationally angry because we can never capitalize on turnovers.
damn that was a nice tackle
AJ should have caught that on that third down right?
He pulled a Fat Randy!
I’m happy that we can all suffer together on a weekly basis. Here’s to a good drive this possession!
"AFC Central football, baby"
I’m so damn glad Tate has been playing these past two weeks. Such a stud.
What else does Tate have to do to prove he’s a beast? More snaps please
Jesus fucking christ
Always called back
That was goddamned beautiful. Booooooo damn you o line!!!
"Not capitalizing on turnovers, and settling for field goals.

Name a more iconic bengals duo"
"I give up trying to cheer. My voice can't keep taking ""HOLDING. OFFENSE. SOMEBODY WEARING STRIPES. 10 YARD PENALTY."""
Taking points off the board. Bengal special
"Honestly the hold sucks, but that was going to be a sack. Yes, you’d like Hopkins to play better but I think the hold made sense there."
There has been a flag thrown 5 out of the last 6 plays. Christ.
Wait what??? Wasn't that tipped???
Omg the flags are pissing me off already.
flag every play. every TD gets taken away.   this is why the NBA is taking market share
Lol these teams suck
ANOTHA ONE
I suppose that wasn't a facemask lol
Bynes grabbed his facemask and still got stiff armed into the dirt. Our defense lol
The defense is being fucking stupid lol
Fuck this.
I'm about to turn this off if I see another flag.
I have a feeling we’re gonna get pummeled today
Jackson c'mon man
Our defense and personal fouls name a more iconic duo
"lost decade sighting: my 2 neighbors who are lifelong bengals fans, just turned the game off and went outside to play with their young kids instead."
We are on pace for like 240 penalty yards
I’m not blaming Jackson. The refs marched the Jags down the field.
"Oh, so they do have the ability to show replays. Funny we haven't got a second look at any of the penalties though..."
Great defence against the run spoiled by a stupid personal foul. But I rather have a borderline aggressive defence than passive steam rollered one.
This should be obvious what is going on right? Its like the refs know that noone is watching this game.
tee is gonna be special
Unbelievable how bad our run game is
That’s a questionable spot
Damn. Sample is quick.
What happened to the flags?
way to make up for it Tee
Jesus Christ what a perfect pass by burrow
I want Mixon to score
This can’t get any worse man
Comical
Hahahahahaha
I’m convinced nobody wants the bengals to win. It’s always some blatant nonsense week after week and it’s getting old
This team is fucking pathetic. That's so god damn embarrassing.
That's our 2nd round pick there
Joe hits him in the fucking facemask you just have to catch that
what deity did the Bengals franchise piss off to curse us with this kind of treatment?
Don’t mind the play call. Don’t mind the throw. Weak catch and good play by jack
I miss being happy on Sundays
Sample really just got out worked.
Turning into an old fashioned Bengals game
Amazing how we continually draft receivers who can’t catch and linemen who can’t block
Half these penalties are weak af
"I don't think the play call was the problem there, the ball bounces off samples face and body into the defender, a good TE makes that a td, an average TE doesnt let that be an int"
Already time to swap the game to my second monitor I see
“Mask must be worn at all times”
Rosas is fuckin yoked tho dude is massive
"O-line’s been holding up pretty well today.


(And now they’re gonna give a sack because I said that.)"
"As a 30 year old Cincinnati sports fan, I should just accept this is my sports fandom forever, right?"
It's a good thing the Jags suck as much as we do because this could easily be 28-3 right now.
Willigness to take the hit? Like he has a choice.
It’s so annoying cause our offense looks pretty good til we get in the red zone
"Lots of confusion over the clock stoppage rule:  Clock stops on out of bounds but RESTARTS at reset of ball, except inside the final 2 minutes of the half and final 5 minutes of the game."
So I guess F in the chat for AJ? Are we going to see him at all this season?
You definitely have to worry about AJ as of now.
Hell yeah Mixon
DREWWWWW WHERE ARE YOUR HAAAAAANDS
Minshew looks homeless
STOP THROWING TO SAMPLE IN THE END ZONE
Defense cannot let them get points here. Jesus Christ please
Fuck yes Joe. That was an awesome leap.
finally some more throws to mixon
Sample asshole
Was Hubbard not being held there?
teh score before half bengals give up always starts with a broken QB run
It would be a totally Bengals move if Jags score right before the half
Fuck our defense
Can I see the stat of how often we give up points in the last minute before the half?
This is why Jacksonville called their timeouts.
Lous “prevent D” is soooooooooooooooo bad
Hate to say it but I miss the days of Pac-Man Jones man to man coverage up in someone’s ass cheeks
Oh they’re gonna get a TD
"I swear to god, I can jump in and play D on our team. I'm not even joking."
Fire Anarumo fuck this
I could call better defensive plays than Lou
Why do we keep leaving Shenault uncovered
"So we just gonna give them a TD on a drive that started with 56 seconds left? THEY HAD NO FUCKING TIME OUTS. LOU, THIS WAS A SIMPLE TASK."
"A classic move by the Bengals. The more things change, the more they stay the same."
What creative ways do you think we lose this game in the second half?
Remember when we had great coordinators on both offense and defense and a crappy head coach? Now all of our coaches suck
Saints vs. Lions? Is it Thanksgiving already?
"Haven't been able to watch yet, but saw that Burrow hadn't been sacked so far. Is our line playing competently, are we doing a new scheme that keeps Burrow upright, or is Jax just bad at getting to him?"
Hell yeah mixon!!!
WHO DEY
MIXON IT UP!!!!
"Huge run, that's the shit right there. Mixon is average /s."
holy moly that was a huge opening
Best drive in the Zac Taylor era.
Glad me picking mixon is paying off
"That's had to have been the smoothest, best executed drive of the year. Fucking yes!"
What are the chances that drive gives your D some energy?
that's a Bengals-esque flag o o f
Got bailed out by the flag there.
Man we need Geno
"Oh man, that would’ve a sweet catch by Phillips."
Lets go!  Take control of this W right here
What's with the shitty referee mics this year
alright...alright alright alright!
Boyd looked hurt
Burrow is slicing em up today. Lookin great
I can’t stop saying Cincinnatuh.  Wife and I giggle every time we say it.
BRUH
Gio got the best mustache ever man
Refs gonna ref
Imagine choosing to go to a Bengals game in the rain during a pandemic.
How in the ever living fuck is that not a penalty
That was a bullshit hit on boyd
"Well, time to lay out Chark and Shenault since it's legal now"
Where are the flag happy refs when it actually comes to player safety. Jesus Christ.
first an uncalled helmet to helmet now this??
fuck these refs refball ass motherfuckers cant even call it when they should
Nice to see the OL showed up today
Mixon out here killing it today!!!
Why do they thank Gene so graciously for parroting the call on the field every time
**JOE MIXON IS A BEAST**
Mixon balling today lmao let's goooooo
Hell yeah Mixon! Who Dey!
42 is a sad boi
Mixon fixin to have himself a game I love it!
Has AJ caught anything today?
Tackle him 42. Go ahead. What’s the problem? TD!!!
The Bengals are back!
"I don’t know if you guys have heard, but John Ross is really fast."
I’m honestly curious if Darren Simmons is gonna get HC consideration this offseason.
who was hating on Mixon earlier? smh
Jax isn’t a good team but we do be lookin good tho👀
Corey Dillon? That’s a name I haven’t heard in years.
We are so close to being an amazing offense. We just need to finish
42 reminds me of Clay Matthews and I hate him too.
"Green will get it down, the offense is multidimensional and can ebb and flow around to different skill players."
Pratt needs to shed blocks better
Hold them here please
There’s that awesome D! Thanks Lou
Awful drive from the D so far
Clock is Bengals friend. Keep it running.
Miles Jack's off.
Is that Undertaker music?
Finally some good fucking ~~food~~ pressure
"I was looking forward to watching Markus Bailey get a shot this weekend, but if Jordan Evans keeps playing like this, I’ll be happy"
"fuq, they are checking eifert for a concussion. he'll be out a month now. sorry dude"
Eifert hurt again. Poor guy 😞
42 keeps talking trash but buddy is ass 😂
Tee Higgins must have ate popcorn before the game today.... 2 big drops
Tyler Boyd is an absolute stud. What a guy.
42: you suck. Stfu and keep giving us yards
AJ green looks like a friend who feels left out every game
Jesus Joe is so good
tee higgins is the GOAT
Great grab by Higgins!
If we can just upgrade the oline WATCH TF OUT
Tee Higgins!!!
"That's the 5th or 6th hit the Jaguars have put on Burrow seconds after he has thrown the ball, and the officials never call it."
Hate to see all these injuries
So happy to have Boyd and Higgins. Unfortunate that Green is likely washed. Can you imagine having all three guys w/ prime AJ?
FG
Not even a replay on that bounced ball lol
Bates is the best safety in the nfl
Davis Gathers is slow
Nice to see our 2 minute defense show up early
They’re going for 2 because they know they can score on this defense at will.
"What?

We actually stopped them???"
"If we get points here, we win. If not, it's iffy."
No big deal if we can score again right here.
Uh - why did they go for 2? The announcers are trying to explain it but are doing so awful
We're really lucky that Marrone is a fucking dipshit
That would’ve been a missed tackle last year
We have to score here. I do not trust this defense
Slid right at 42!!!
Damn I wanted Mixon to get 150
Seeing Joe happy makes me happy.
Our prevent D is such ass just get a stop!
W
Awful 2 minute defense
OMG YAYYYYY!!!
This one feels good! I’m going to remember this W forever 🙌🏻
CINCINNATA AYEE
"Good news, the O-line has held up pretty well today.


Maybe Alex Redmond was the secret sauce all along??"
"All you annoying children on this thread

If that sweep fails: OMG ZAC TAYLOR IS SO AWFUL FIRE HIM OMG WTF

When it does well: what a great call ZT! Keep it up!"
Jacksonville’s QB and kicker both look like they’re born and raised there.
Fuck this oline so so much. They suck the soul out of this team.
0-15-1
Our coaches are idiots. There's no two ways around it. That's Seahawks v. Pats Super Bowl level of stupidity.
We have called for a RB toss several times this season and has never gone more than 2 yds
"OK, Higgins just redeemed himself."
Something needs to change with this prevent defense. What the fuck
I think I may have seen clock management worse than Marvin Lewis. My God.
AJ just retire....
Should've just tried again with Mixon
Joe is the whole dam package. His awareness and smarts makes me farts 🤓
"I'm at work until 2, with hopes of catching the second half when I get home. Until then I will live vicariously thru this game thread. Don't let me down, gents.

Edit(how could I forget):Who Dey! And Fuck the Steelers!"
After 412 days away from home I finally get to watch football in my own home!  Who Dey!! Let's get this win
WHO DEY!!!
Let's fucking go!
Let’s go!!! Defense!!! Stop all your bitchin!!!!
Let’s go get a TD
Let’s gooooo
Let’s go!!! What a pick!
Holy shit Evans made the play?! Yes my stream is that far behind lol
It feels like the bengals wait until they’re down to open the playbook. Why run on 2 and 7? You obviously can’t run the ball. Quit being conservative and go big out the gate. You know what works. Use it
Looked like the right tackle moved early that time
Yay!!!! Lol
HE MISSED
"Oh god, it's gonna be another one of those games..."
Really want to see Mixon get going. I know gio is a great pats catcher but get Mixon 5+ receptions and I don’t see how a defense can keep him quiet all day
Should have been a penalty....
we need to see tate on the field more =)
boyd is money. he is the man when you need a catch in 2020.
What a catch. Throw was alright at best but Tate fought hard for that.
Tyler Boyd is a straight up beast
Oline is *gasps* Blocking for Burrow 🚨
Boyd with the longest rush of the year
The entire line gave up blocking for that screen. Shameful.
There we go!!!
Fucking wow
No fucking way
Fuck off man
\-.- sdfjFOLAsfl
Announcer didn’t jinx us thankfully
Fuck our line
God Fat Randy is just so FAT
Trey got beat and had to hold to save Joe
Why are Logan Wilson and Mac Alexander out? I didn't see much of the game or follow the news much this week.
So. Many. Flags.
FLAG BOWL!
Same defense. Different week.
Defense probably will lose the game for us. They can’t stop the run and cause too many flags
There are more flags per drive than plays per drive.
#SOMEDEY
Refs account for more big plays in a game than the players.
This is absolutely bonkers. Lou has no control over his defense.
Jesus Christ penalties
I thought we signed a bunch of defensive free agents in the off-season?
5 penalties already. Damn.
We need to get our head out of our ass and stop these stupid penalty’s
What made lawson get flagged?
why is it even being reviewed that was such an obvious td
"Don't worry Joe all you have to overcome is our o-line, their defense, and our defense"
"The Jaguars started at their own 25, gained just 39 yards on offense but scored a touchdown. Terrible penalties."
How many penalties can we get in one fucking drive?
Announcer with the big time jinx on Wilson
slopball lmao
Why did the time not stop when our receiver went out of bounds???
"Not that I think it matters all that much, but didn't he go out of bounds? Why did the clock keep going?"
i like that joe has more than 1 second to throw
Thank fuck we got that.
B2b great play calls..... I'm liking this Zac
That looked painful
Shoulda had it
Way to make up for it Tre
"You gotta catch that, Tee"
TEEEEEE
Right in the hands.
Burrow is elite
Did someone chew out the OL
Mixon just lowered his shoulder. He’s playing hard
A couple really good play calls on this drive. What is this????
Idk if I can do this anymore
Sample what the fuck man
[deleted]
Pain. Only pain.
Can someone help Burrow out and make a damn play!
Fuckin blast me off into orbit
sample is weak
Burrow being Bungalized right before our eyes lol
Sample that was such an easy td
Glad I drafted Mixon
Well can’t say they settled for a fg.
The Bengals are the reason I drink
We're gonna get blown out by the jags lol
[Alrighty then](https://giphy.com/gifs/i-bet-X7eBTCJdSltKg)
stop blowing
"Could y’all clarify something for me? If both the receiver and the defender have hands on the ball shouldn’t play the whistle dead when the receivers back hits the ground? Plus, why would the INT count if the ball didn’t leave the receiver’s possession until he made contact with the ground?

Edit; added additional question."
Can we just like not be trash for one game? Is that too much to wish for?
Our D is hot GARBAGE today....gonna be a long game
Dunlap!!!!
"Good stop, D"
Score should 100% be 17 to 10 right now. Like it really should. Its insane what happens to us when we get close.
Hell of a throw there by Burrow.
Where has the pass rush been the whole year? We are getting no pressure on any QBS this season at all!!!
2.5 yards per carry.....wow....
That's a new one
"Okay, I’m officially starting Higgins next week."
Now that was a play! Tee is gonna be a good one
"Listen as much as this defense is killing us right now, I am impressed by the change in the O Line. Burrow would have gotten sacked at least 3 times by now on any previous game. He is getting a least an extra second more than usual and it is showing."
"Hmm, play went out of bounds but they let the clock keep running to the 2:00 warning."
"Why didn’t the clock stop when Higgins went out of bounds?

Edit: I see now, my b didn’t realize this"
Our run game is non existent
"Hate to say it but maybe we should've shopped Green while every other team still saw him as one of the elites. I know he's breaking off the rust but it's looked kinda ugly and I don't see any potential trade for him right now. It is only week 4 so let's just see, hopefully the Green-Burrow connection can develop more."
Good guy Jaguar calls our timeouts for us.
Why is Tate not in?
Wish we had uzomah still
AYYYYYYY JOE
"""Hey we got this top 10 running back who is really good at bursting through holes and gaining speed, should we get a decent o line to support him?""

""LOL nah"""
Uzomah come back
Swiss Cheese Sample
Sample has butter fingers literally only in the endzone.
That’s a man play there Mix!
We just gonna pretend that helmet to helmet didnt happen? Ok
"So is Geno seriously hurt or what? They made it sound like it wasn't serious at the beginning of the year, yet here we are without him in week 4."
What is it about this franchise that we can’t stop anyone at the end of the half?
Our zone sucks
Our two minute offense is really good. Unfortunately our two minute defense can’t say the same.
"When I saw they had 56 seconds my only thought was ""I hope we hold them to a FG."" That's how predictable this damn team is."
WHAT IS THIS DEFENSE!?!
Jesus christ.   We should never call timeouts on defense lol
Zero pressure on jags qb
We just gifted them at least 3 lol
Are we playing prevent? How does this happen on every last minute drive?
I feel like we could do that if joe had more than 2 seconds to throw the ball
Nice pass rush lmao.
I guess we don’t care about covering #10
"No pass rush at all, wish our line could block bad lines that well."
This defense is beyond pathetic.
Why was he 10 yards off Chark
Only 3 points given up with under a minute and no timeouts. Progress!
Jesus fuck...
Lucky this was only 3 🤦‍♂️
"If you don't like that, you don't like Bengals football!"
This defense gave me cancer
Fire Lou
Why didn't the Bengals run the ball on 1st and goal with 50 seconds left? The Jags had no timeouts and the defense gives up scores under 2 minutes every game. A run drains 30 seconds off the clock and the Jags get 0.
Now Burrow has to overcome NATURE geeeeeeez
atta boyd
O is moving fellas!
Hell Yeah!
JOE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Where has this team been?!
LETS FUCKIN GOOOOOO!!!
JOE SHOWING HES WORTH THAT MONEY
So happy for Mixon
Now LeTS GO D!!!!
Lol just keep running that til they can stop it
WHO DEY
"That drive was smooth as butter, bro."
Who's playing rg right now?
Burrow sold the shit out of that misdirection.  He had me looking at him too until Mixon broke away. Who fucking Dey. FTS!
Saved by a flag...Woof
Wow that was atrocious tackling
How has AJ looked? He has 1 catch for 3 yards
NOT GOOD
How the fuck is that not defenseless receiver? Bengals never get these calls.
Throw a damn flag. Refs you're trash
That’s a penalty
I feel there’s been a few brutal hits not called on jags today
Bates been called for that like 3 times this year
Fuck you 42. I hope Burrows first dub is against you dirty scrubs
He had plenty of time. Terrible call.  Fuck gene.
"That was a clean hit. Sorry guys. 

We would have 100% gotten flagged for that if it was our guys making that hit though."
Tee 2nd round pick Higgins!
MIXON taking over this Game!
Gene is a fucking steelers cock sucker
Holy fuck what a run. A V E R A G E
MIXON LETS FUCKING GO
Mixon runs so heavy.. hes like a truck filled with lead blocks
Defense! :)
THAT'S A SACK
Who is this team?
FIRST DOWN BENGUGHS
Haha sore loser
Burrow is good at throwing the football
Joey B dropped a dime to Carter.
Holy shit guys a quarterback with time can make plays. Crazy
Lol why is that guy yelling?
I'm looking forward to watching Higgins develop he is so close on so many wow plays
really?! this fuckin guy
I made a huge mistake on week one by dropping Boyd and keeping Green on my fantasy football team.
Poor AJ...this hurts.
Anyone here using topstreams? It’s been absolutely terrible today
We have defenders who can make plays. They just can't do it as a whole unit. That's a sign of bad coaching
FINALLY
"evans rested and playing as a rotational player? not all bad.  
lawson? beast mode!!"
"#Mixon!  
and here comes a nullifying penalty from redmond."
Wingard talking mad shit for a little bitch
Herbert looks GUD
Burrow is so damn good
I'll chalk it up to the rain
What a throw!!!
This Joe Burrow kid is pretty good
"Tee Higgins is actually our best receiver, prove me wrong?"
Someone pleas GIF that Higgins wink
Tee looking super promising over the last 2 weeks
I'd feel bad for their injuries if Wingard wasn't out trying to murder people
Anybody have a link to that last Mixon TD. please and thank you.
"Gah, the delay on this is rough. I’m almost a full minute of game time behind."
Fat Randy!!!!
Let's go Fat Randy
FAT RANDY
I really like the number of points we are putting up each game.
I gotta say the fans today in the stadium have been great! Who Dey!
"I just realized something...


Nobody’s shat on Bobby Hart today."
Shocked they didn't challenge that
Bates is awesome!!!
"So, that ball definitely hit the ground. Also, what a deflating game for jacksonville. They've had how many starters go down to injury? Six now I think? Both starting CBs now..."
Bates is the absolute real freaking deal
"I wonder how our DBs will look once Waynes is healthy. Also, has Shawn Williams played many snaps today?"
We need to extend Bates
Eifert butt hurt
bell with a NICE STOP!
That's bad analytics
Why would they go for it?
me no likey but me likey
Time for a punt followed by time killing TD drive and 2 pt conversion from the Jags
Mixon baby!
Such a smart run by Joe
That stat basically means we didn't score 25+ at all last season
Mixon is just dominating after contact
Jonah!!  Hell yeah baby!
Anybody else stream just scare the shit outta them by cutting to NFL network for 30 seconds??
Bengals Noises!
Come on Fat Randy!
Does anyone else close their eyes when we kick a field goal? No? Just me?
Today's been a good day
OK D now STAY AWAKE
You think whenever fat Randy makes a kick Zac Taylor hand feeds him a cheeseburger?
"This team could be very close with some offensive lineman and some better coaching.  In reality, they are a couple of plays away from being 3-1."
GO Joes!
Wow Green looks like a shell of himself
cHaNgE tHe CuLtUrE
This team is undisciplined and that’s on the coaches
WOW did joe get more than 0.00001 seconds to throw???
fck these refs
FUCK SAMPLE. YOU GOTTA GET THAT SHIT YOU FUCKING SHIT HEAD
Real glad I stopped caring about this team 5 years ago. Idk how y'all do it
"Kinda hope the Falcons keep blowing this year, maybe we pick up Dan Quinn for D-Coordinator"
Anarumo’s signature play DBs off the line when the Jags are on the 10 yard line. What a joke
Eifert inured? Did not see that coming
Where are all the fat Randy haters now
OMG guys...GUYS....WE'RE ACTUALLY GOING TO WIN!!!!!!!!!!
We are gonna lose to the freaking Jaguars.
We THROW IT? On the 1 inch line? This team is a joke I gotta turn it off
Dude. damn AJ. It was there for you. SOB
I sure wish someone in this sub would’ve talked about how we need to fix the O-Line during the draft 6 months ago. But I bet that guy would’ve been down voted
Can we please do a qb sneak in those situations
Bengals games are a lot more fun if you treat them as a comedy.
"Don’t score too fast, Joe! Give them more than 20 seconds and they can score on our “defense”!"
Obviously no one wants a shitty offensive line; but nothing can help mask it and help out Burrow more than a RB that can still make plays. Mixon and Gio can help mask it when they bring it like this.
Sims had way more of that ball than Chark ever did. Dumbass rule
"Wingard? Is that his name?

Yeah, fuck that guy. Real men don’t have blonde hair."
Green is useless
"I'm done until Taylor is fired and we have a new DC. Sorry Burrow, you don't deserve this dude."
Mason Schreck > Sample
Green is washed. 0% chance he comes back next year
Could someone please post a link? I’m in North Carolina and being forced to watch the Panthers!
LETS GOOOOO!!!
We just don’t know how to tackle
Missed tackles already
fire lou
#YES
Look at that pressure on that pass play lol
Pick! AYO!
are the audio levels kinda messed up or is it just me? hearing the stadium announcer over the commentators lol
INT
Let’s go!!!!
!!!!
Just got home what did I miss just now. Early commercial
Fuck!!  Had him there too
Green is too slow
Yay go Bengals!
I want them to establish a connection so bad. Ugh
No one does a better job at not capitalizing on turnovers then us
Lap might pop a blood vessel if we continue to blow these chances just like we did last week.
"Hope AJ comes back in 2021 and retires a Bengal, yet, he has to understand at this point, he's no longer worth top 10 WR money. Might not even be worth top 20 WR money."
"At work, trying to listen to the radio via gamepass. I'm just getting holding music"
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Any team that doesn’t go for it on us with less than 2 yards is dumb as fuck. We ain’t stopping that shit
That was a gift. Too bad it's basically white elephant party with us
Jags kicker makes Fat Randy look like Skinny Steve.
"Just got to the bar. Anything bad happen yet?

Edit: Thanks for the update 👌🏼"
If that was brady he would get flagged
Great catch!
Tate!!!!
AUDEN TATE SIGHTING
Touchdown coming
You really allowed to hit Burrow however you want
Christ OLINE...what a waste of a great play
WHAT A BALL
and its gone
"Damn it, Trey."
Wow that makes me want to cry..
Disappointing way to end a good drive but at least  randy didn’t miss
ngl I think the only highlight-worthy play we've had that WASN'T called back this entire season was Bernard's run
There have been so many amazing throws Burrow made that have been called back because of others’ dumbass penalties. Then some of you motherfuckers have the nerve to wish we drafted Herbert instead of the dude that had literally the best college season ever.
Anyone got a link so i can tune in at work
Fuck this refball
Do I get fantasy points for that Tyler Boyd field goal CBS just said happened?
What percentage of positive plays for us are taken away by penalties? It seems like at 75% of our good plays have a flag involved.
Oh hey look another flag.  Flag.  Flag.  Flag.  Flag.  Shut the fuck up lol
How many fucking flags is that already? God dammit
Another flag god damn
Flag happy today ain't they?
Flags galore
"Don't show the replay or nothing. Just take our word, the Bengal Boogeymans did a bad thing."
REF BALL TODAY BROS
This zebra crew needs a late hit on them.
Flag on another team?? .... 2020
Our Linebackers suck. Why do they suck so much.
Definition of a bad team slapfight game
Lmaooo another one
We love getting personal fouls
All these flags are killing the flow of the game and just making it boring as fuck. Chill out refs
Another flag!!!! Lmao just let them play
Defense is undisciplined and porous.
Could that LB be more dumb on that tackle
Beating ourselves
I can never tell if Jackson is good or bad
William jackson is a solid corner. He ain't elite :( how clark beat you twice
Beautiful catch there
That was the most frustrating drive I’ve ever watched with what the refs did. Jfc
We don’t need this shit. Get it together. Guess we gotta drive 90 yards now
Lmao fumbles and stumbles
wtf bwill 😭
We couldn’t get score on an INT and settled for a FG after going down the field. But Jacksonville gets a TD when they’ve struggled to score in the first quarter. Just wow
"yeah that's gonna be a yikes from me, dawg"
Time to clean house
"Looking at the accuracy and touch Joe has, and comparing it to Andy...the difference is night and day."
Will joe Nixon please lower his shoulder and hit someone
Does Gionardo play right guard???
Joe Mixon dodging tacklers as soon as he gets the ball
"Good play call there, ZT."
That was so risky christ lol
Hell yeah t!!
God I love Tee Higgins
"Let's see if we can punch this in. Red zone isn't our strong suit. Then again, what is?"
Let’s score a fucking touchdown here
Damn nice to Tee! So are we saying Alex Redmond was the secret sauce? Lol
Joe and Tee starting to get that chemistry
Tee drops one and goes right back to him you love to see it
Wow.
Seriously? Cmon help a guy out
Am I being punk'd?
lmao
Did anyone else see Redmond's 3 man cut block on that play to the left edge? Textbook.
I can't help but laugh at this point
"Bro, I thought Sample had that."
Lmao wtf
How did Sample let that go?
Literally screamed oooooo like a lil girl at that great Sample TD to be immediately let down. Wtf was I thinking to get excited like that?
We are so bad
Idk what that was by Pratt there
Nobody on defense can tackle Robinson
I just give up
God Minshew does not have the appearance of an NFL quarterback and I love it
gutless d jfc
Getting pwned by a bunch of undrafted rookies
This game is giving me serious anxiety
Men shoes
I love found this team to adjust well especially with Burrow at the helm. It’s nice to be down but at least have hope. Although I can’t help but this of Red from Shawshank Redemption: “Hope is a dangerous thing.”
Tom Brady is getting his ass kicked.
I love t
That’s a great play
"Good thing the Jets and Giants are awful, at least we won't be considered the worst team this year"
You got to love it when we run on first down and get zero yards. What a wonderful feeling
"Hey Bengals fans, excited for you guys. Your QB looks legit. Good luck with him!"
Why is Jax calling TOs?
Sample gives me heartburn
That was PI on Jags.
Woooooooooo!!!!!!!!
MIXON BAYBEE! BREAK THE RED ZONE MELT DOWN CURSE!!!
JOE-JOE
Who dey
Fucking finally.
POTG = Fat Randy & Kevin Huber
Air fives all around!
Sample is the new Dan Coats.
"[Play it, y’all.](https://youtu.be/upHWtPkuD5s)"
I fully expect the D to give up a TD. They did it last week with like a minute left.
"The latest test of whether they've cleaned up the two minute mistakes. Jags have no time outs. We all saw how this played out last week, what have they got for us today?"
"For people in Cincy, is rain gonna be a problem there? Possible delay?"
Can’t wait to trail at half again
Jesus that dude was wide open. WTF Lou
Pathetic to give up points here
can't we just play the defense that's been working ok instead of horribly?
"TIMEOUT!? didn’t we see this play out last week?

TD incoming

Edit: yup"
Lou Ana-plenty of room to operate your offense-o
"come onnn, can't we just keep this happy feeling into the half?!?!"
They had no time outs with less than a minute. How the f*** do you let them drive down the field?
Extremely lucky that they didn’t score a TD there
"What a defense. Just under 70 seconds and we just held their hands all the way down to take a halftime lead. 

I believe we've given up a score on every single half-ending drive from our opponents this season."
They literally drove 73 yards in 50 seconds with no timeouts. Lou fucking sucks. Stop with your weak ass zone D. Fucking play defense for fucks sake
How long is Lou contracted for?
"Seeing some fire Zac buzz on Bengals Twitter. I haven’t been super active in here the last few weeks, is that the mood here too?"
"Has Zac ever taken a lead into halftime?
(i'm really struggling to remember it)"
What. How.
NICE!
There's the Mixon I love!
Nice misdirection play! Sideline was wide open baby
Let's goooooo. And Thank God I didn't bench Mixon in fantasy
Dude holy fuck what a run
"Finally a easy scoring drive. 

I'm not use to that shit where everything just goes right for us."
Jonah in the medical tent according to the radio call
now Burrow can be effective the announcers say? what has he been so far? hahah
Thankful for a flag on an otherwise awful play
cmon lets get a sack!
if Phillips 1 hand caught that bruh
FINALLY a little bit of pressure. WOO HOO
Haven’t seen Reader much at all. Hope he isn’t injured
Awesome! More flags
MIXON!!
Keep running it outside.
:3
dirty ass hit
Trying to follow a GDT on a stream delay sucks.
We never get the penalties.
Is Boyd done?
Fuck you and your bullshit analysis
TD Mixon!
Fuck 42
YESSSSS BABYYYYYYY MIXON IT UP!!!!!!!!!
Hell fucking yeah
JOSEPH
That Mixon guy is pretty solid.
MIXONNNNNN
LETS GOO MIXON
Well I’m glad we activated Mixon for the game today!
"The power is out where I live, since nflstreams got taken down does anyone know of an alternative way to watch?"
Any word on Boyd? I didn’t get a chance to see that hit? Hope he’s ok
"Must have been a serious half time team talk, look like a different squad out here now..."
"God, my stream is behind..."
"Cethan Carter , TE 1"
Beautiful pass from Borrow there
Damn we always use a 3rd qtr time-out
"Oof, Higgins had his hands on that."
yay a dos touchdown lead
Can you not challenge pass interference anymore?
"I understand if AJ has slowed down, injuries happened...but what happened to his hands though?

Thats the only thing that gives me hope that hes just rusty"
Must more fun watching games with real crowds
Uh oh...
"Sack was nice, but can we talk about that SACK"
Even when we do finally get a sack we still can’t get a good hit in the qb and bring him down
Can’t wait for Geno to be healthy
"Aw dang, hope Cam's alright. That's my boy from Bama. But *what a sack*."
"DO NOT CALL TOO MANY RUN GAMES NO, BEST DEFENSE IS OFFENSE, SAY IT WITH ME, BEST DEFENSE IS OFFENSE. Thank you."
42 is such a bitch lol
Poor Eifert :(
"Oh man, that hit actually might have concussed Tyler and it was clean AF. I love that guy, I hope he actually manages to be healthy."
Boyd is money!
42 is *such a punk* oh my God
There’s the Alex Redmond I know.
YEAH BOYD
"WRs not doing Joe any favors today that’s for sure

Edit, except Boyd. He’s played great"
That was late as fuck!!
Higgins whiffed on that one
Burrow could have such better numbers
"Tee, my man, gotta catch that shit."
Eifert actually hurt? Can this man please catch a break
That throw jfc I love you joe burrow
HOW
This is a mass casualty event for the Jags. Feel for them.
STONE COLD STONE COLD STONE COLD
Fuckin Randy the Secretary of State bullock
What a kick by Fat Randy
Jessie motherfuckin Bates the 3rd!!!!!
Let’s go Bates!
that was a nice catch (was it a trap though?)
Weak
Weak sauce call right there.
Defense is 🗑
How is that one not a pick?!?!?
Is this really happening right now
Bengals are Bengal-ing. Don't do it to us!
That's bullshit!!!
Bengals please I can’t take another choke
Could use a nice goal line stand rn...
WAT
A tackle what a shock
I like the call
Imagine if sample could catch and if the refs weren’t bitches
Can’t play conservative here. Too much time
"If we can’t run it out here and it falls back on the defense, we know what’s gonna happen."
Crazy legs Joe. Shook that edge rusher out of his shoes.
63 is still spinning
Who dey
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|02:40 4th|LAC|31|@|38|TB|
|01:42 4th|SEA|31|@|23|MIA|
|02:38 4th|NO|35|@|29|DET|
|03:47 4th|CLE|41|@|30|DAL|
|01:57 4th|JAX|22|@|30|CIN|
|02:13 4th|ARI|21|@|31|CAR|
|Final|BAL|31|@|17|WAS|
|Final|MIN|31|@|23|HOU|
|Final|DEN|37|@|28|NYJ|
|Sun 10/04 04:05 PM ET|NYG|-|@|-|LA|
|Sun 10/04 04:25 PM ET|BUF|-|@|-|LV|
|Sun 10/04 04:25 PM ET|IND|-|@|-|CHI|
|Sun 10/04 08:20 PM ET|PHI|-|@|-|SF|
|Mon 10/05 07:05 PM ET|NE|-|@|-|KC|
|Mon 10/05 08:50 PM ET|ATL|-|@|-|GB|"
Jags defensive line is definitely missing Calais Campbell right now
The browns L-O-L
So help me if you choke this fat randy
Let's go!!!
Phat Randy!
Dam obj just got em
Beeg Randall
These announcers grasping at straws
W!
Who Dey!!!
WOOO
When are we going to stop pretending Zac Taylor could even be a high school football coach?
0-15-1
"#HOT TAKE: THE REFS DON’T SUCK, OUR DEFENSE DOES"
"I want to know the thought process that leads you to say, yeah I’ll go to Paul brown stadium today... lol"
"AJ: Hasn't been healthy in a year and is obviously getting back into his rhythm trying to work himself up to his former self 

This sub: welp he sucks cut him hes terrible worst player ever awful team burrow deserves better"
"Why does Zac continue to call run plays on 2nd and long, we’re a quarter of the way into the season and I don’t think it’s worked once"
Too easy. What are you crying for Jackson? Be better.
"Who should we trade the 1st pick to, boys?"
"ZT playcalling is 

A. BAD

B. UNIMAGINATIVE 

C. PREDICTABLE 

D. ALL OF THE ABOVE"
Dunlap did something? Lol
"50 seconds, no timeouts, and they end up with time left over lol"
look at that Mixon haters... same play with gio 5 yds
I didn’t know Andrew Yang was going to be calling our game today!
How is that coach allowed to just wear a face shield?  They are proven to do almost nothing without a mask.
Love #42 celebrating when you’re down multiple scores to the Bengals dumbass
"Great game boys, let's keep this momentum going into next week.

*looks at schedule*

Fuck"
See Sample That's what you're supposed to do.
Sample is an awful pick
"Pathetic. Had him for a loss. And as usual, we cant tackle."
"I'll play devils advocate and say overall the defense has played pretty well considering the circumstances. Improvement from last season. Been without Geno amd Waynes  all season and Mike Daniels for 2, now more. No Alexander and Wilson today.

Edit: points there still unacceptable"
I think we need to address the AJ problem
If that was the steelers it would be a touchdown let's be honest
So for the first time this season mixon is finally punching through the line and they pass from inches? just absurd play calling man
"As a burrow fan, he’s too good for this team. It sucks seeing him waste his potential with these guys. Hope they can get some better players around him next year.."
How is Joe Burrow already as good as Dalton ever was?
I AM READY TO BE HURT AGAIN!
Good God this defense is pathetic...
Dunlap is completely useless. Waste of cap space at this point.
What a return.....just let it bounce into endzone.
I love how our returner just falls over.
Tee should’ve had that
"Did the announcer just say ""PICK IT"" out loud?! BIAS IN THE BOX?!"
Tee should catch that for sure. Burrow just can’t quite hit on these deep balls though
Un fucking real. Only real bengals fans knew they wouldn’t score there
"Sample - you catch the ball with your hands not your mouth, bud."
"Sack Zac, fire Puke Tobin, Lou is poo."
Flag Football....literally....
GUYS THE OLINE IS PLAYING GOOD?
"Tyler Eiffert being checked for a concussion. Ah, thats more like it."
"Going to OT for the tie, gonna be 0-2-2"
Looks like we're gonna win one of the 5 I can see us winning.
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother coming into this thread.
Our O-line sits down to pee
Waste of a 2nd round pick
Does Zach Taylor know about the QB dive play?
Shouldve ran it again.
Sample can’t catch
Mixon is so garbage
Dunlap is worthless out there.
AJ is so done. Might as well bench him for Ross. 😢
"3rd and goal with 2 inches to go? Let's pass it!

FUCK. WHAT THE HELL CALL WAS THAT? COME ON."
Let's get a w today!
Damn forgot we have to play against Eifert today :(
Hell yeah boys!!
Was that Eifert who laid that hit? Lol
Is it just me or is the CBS feed really shitty?
This offensive line sucks so bad
A.J. Green is done. He's stuck 3 gears below everyone.
Damn old AJ would’ve easily caught that. Injuries and age really hit him hard.
On third down play. I saw one our of Lineman dominate in pass protection and put a man down. Anyone see who that was?
Is that glasgow??
Please don’t go for it
Lmao
"ok that rakutan commercial is the highlight of the game so far, hope elton got bank for that"
DJ Reader had an AMAZING tackle!
Nice seeing Redmond try and hit somebody. He’s gotta be better than Price/Johnson.... right?
"OOF. Throw it away, I can't watch!"
Tate!
Tate's an animal
What a pass man
Fucking nasty. We got a bright future boys.
BOYD!
What a shit play call
Our line looks.. like its actually there today a little?
Let's freaking go. They can't even cheat good right now!
oh my boyd!
oh fuck yeah Boyd!!!!
Time for a draw play.
Ugggggghhhh lol
Uggggghhhhhh
Motherfucker
Brilliant
"Trey knows what he did, so he won’t get hate from me."
"This shit is fucking disgusting man...

This is what bad teams do though. Constant shooting yourselves in the foot."
"Refs always inserting themselves into key moments of Bengals games, and it always goes against the Bengals."
Lorge Randy gonna be carrying us again today I see. Insane how every great play we have that could put us ahead ends up with a flag.
These refs love to throw them flags huh. Jesus.
Replay? Real time  that didn't even look like PI. Camera was late tho.
"""...but there's a flag..."" perfectly sums this up so far"
No no no! Not in my house!
I actually just got mad that they got flagged because fuck flags at this point!
R u fucking serious another one
Wait....no flag on that play??
hey look a flag
"I think we see so many flags because the shit teams we watch every week are so undisciplined. I mean watching Seahawks and Pats,  hardly as many flags"
"It's amazing to watch a team shoot themselves this often.

were literally giving them yards down the field"
"block in the back?

edit: fuc"
You mean there wasn’t a flag for tackling on that play?
Bruh
What the hell was that return?
"I'm past the point of being mad at this team, can't get my heart into it. Feels like those early 2000s LeBeau teams."
Sweet!
eww. who decided that's a good idea for a commercial? i guy sleeping with mustard all over his face and a dog licking all over in between his lips and nose and the loud licking noises.....? that's gross.
"I'm watching the browns game at the same time, idk if it's just those defenses being so bad, but this game has so much less intensity, idk how to put it, but it's like both teams energy just looks flat out there in comparison"
Driving and can’t watch the game... can anyone tell me who started at RG?
Phew
Damn I like the shots though
Tee shoulda had that one
"Can't watch the game today, can anyone tell me how it's looking?"
AJ looks friggin' beat today and I am not here for it.
Should never have thrown that one
Damn he’s gonna hit a deep ball one of these times
Thanks for the flag refs
Throw it up to 85 again
"Oof, Joe threw that right into double coverage."
Good shit Tee
Thank you Tee
Let’s go!
OLine looked competent on that run
NOICE - LETS GOOOOOO!!!!
Then not so much
Wtf?!
Remember some of us are on a delay if you see a comment that sounds a little out of place. 👍
"Much more creative play calling happening this game, I wondered if the shitty o line was making the plays be more pedestrian"
that’s tough :/
Lmao just Bengal things
F
I’m not even surprised anymore
This is so sad
missed it. what happened?
"Yeah, seems about right."
my god
Did the spirit of Darrel Bevile call that play?
Robinson looks really good.
Bring out the chains
ok time for a stop!
Damn I can’t help but think that the jets might have some competition from us getting that first overall pick.
Wonder how many penalties will kill this drive.
I’m still depressed from 256735589 drives ago
It's a blessing that the Jags aren't very good either because we should be down way more than a TD the way we're playing.
Nice Tee!!
He got out of bounds. Why the 2MW
Wow. Two nice plays in one game.
Nice play
"Receivers who run.

Gotta love that."
"Man, our running plays....."
How about we don’t use our non existent run game when there is 80 seconds left.
Jags are dumb
Sample should’ve had that
Who gets the ball to start the next half? I missed the start.
Beautiful time management on this drive. Not going to leave JAX much left regardless of outcome.
OoooOOoo a little dancing from burrow :)
Finally
MIXON
Let’s go!
"WTF Samples  

same shit straight to the hands but can not close them"
Mixon!
Joe + Joe = GOATs
Why can’t mixon run with that intensity all the time
Love the prospect of us scoring and getting the ball right back in the 2nd half. Let's see a win here D.
JFC
This defense is a joke
Fuck this fuckin team
Must be some sort of mercy rule we all dont know about that states the defending team must let the offense drive at will with less than 90 seconds to go in any given half.
Who the fuck are these scrubs and why do we suck so much?
what a joke
Wow
Damn. We got lucky that jax sucks as clock management
i feel a bengals penalty coming..
That’s a victory for bengals
Watch the fake
Who got the ball first?
"If they ran a play, I would have combusted."
Who gets the ball after half?
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Halftime|BAL|21|@|10|WAS|
|01:37 2nd|LAC|24|@|7|TB|
|Halftime|SEA|17|@|9|MIA|
|Halftime|MIN|17|@|6|HOU|
|13:00 2nd|NO|28|@|14|DET|
|00:18 2nd|CLE|28|@|14|DAL|
|Halftime|JAX|13|@|10|CIN|
|Halftime|ARI|7|@|21|CAR|
|Final|DEN|37|@|28|NYJ|
|Sun 10/04 04:05 PM ET|NYG|-|@|-|LA|
|Sun 10/04 04:25 PM ET|BUF|-|@|-|LV|
|Sun 10/04 04:25 PM ET|IND|-|@|-|CHI|
|Sun 10/04 08:20 PM ET|PHI|-|@|-|SF|
|Mon 10/05 07:05 PM ET|NE|-|@|-|KC|
|Mon 10/05 08:50 PM ET|ATL|-|@|-|GB|"
Boomer sounds like he's got a cold or smn
god level drive to start us off this half. please keep it up.
An explosive play that wasn't called back I'm gonna cry
Thank fuck for that flag
Why is it 1st and 15 and not 1st and 20 after the hold? If it was from the spot they would still be 30 yards further up the field? I'm confused.
"Dang, put just a little pressure on him and he slings it oob"
So many flags
Refs keep the flags in the pocket when Bengals players get injured on dangerous plays. I strongly suggest the players keep the tapes and sue the NFL in future. This is illegal and intentional bodily harm.
Oh shit.
This is looking a lot like when Gio got knocked unconscious during the playoff game
Literally throwing flags every play in the first quarter but nothing wrong with that
Holy fuck Joe
So happy for Mixon man. Gives his all 100% of the time
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
ayeeeee
Welcome to The Joe Mixon Show!
It’s the Joe Show
Great touch on that ball
Burrow is BALLING
That pass omg
"That's how you catch, Sample"
C'mon boys let's run away with this one
Anyone have the Cethan Carter catch I missed it?
Damn!!  Good attempt
42 was most certainly born and raised in Jacksonville.
What a fucking hit
Nice Blitz
Huge sack!
Why does their kicker not use his chin strap correctly?
Looking good today
I would feel better with a FG here
Alright boys let's put together a long drive with a TD and nail this coffin shut
I hate 42 so fucking bad
ALEX WE BELIEVED IN YOU
What a terrible hold 🤣
That’s a soft holding call
"I thought Eifert looked a little wobbly when he got up after that hit, but I thought maybe he slipped a little.  Sorry to hear it may be a concussion."
TEE!!!!
T baby come on!
higgins needs to hang onto that
Tee you gotta catch that my man
Boyd is so damn good.
Is that 2 or 3 drops by Higgins today?
O line is doing pretty damn good today..
Issa bit slippery out there
oh my goodness
Are the bengals receivers trolling Burrow right now? Theyre dropping a shit ton of easy passes
Maybe it’s just the rain but t seems to have a drop problem
TEE BABY WOW
Look at Redmond with the effort
How was that not a pick holy fuck
Should have taken another 20 seconds to snap that.
Should they draft Chase or a right guard in the first round?
me likey
"Bates is the best player on the team, don’t at me!
Burrow is the only competition for that title."
"DEFENSE!

Edit: nvm"
\-.- cmon D
Lol
lol holding af
Leshaun sims has played a decent game
This is looking all too familiar.
Garbage.
why did they go for it lmao
Alright. Let’s run down the clock and score please. I believe.
I don't know about that one
Lol alright coo
WHERE CAN I STREAM
"I swear if we keep up with this zone conservative bullshit we've done for over a decade and let them come back and tie or some shit I will, fucking I don't know, I will cuss profusely!"
"Browns Alert! Browns Alert!

Browns have activated full Browns mode!"
Our d is so porous we could give it to them with 30 seconds and im confident they would still score.
"For all you confused by why they went for two, statistically you’ll win more times if you go for two when your down 14"
Great play joe!
"Please score, thank you."
:O Joe makin them miss
please don't falcons please don't falcons
Mixon looking fresh af!
2nd half team on offense looks entirely different. Defense too aside from that last drive
:3
Are we good now?
Look at the big boys up front pinning their ears back and laying some wood in front of Mixon. Looks like they're genuinely having fun playing football. I like it.
SaCkSOnViLLe
I love this captain obvious in the booth
Holy fuck
Drew Sample is ASS
Burrows career is being ruined already my God
I would bench Sample for the rest of the year. Sample had caught the ball all he had to do was not let the defender rip it out of his hands.
All of you bums clowning ZT for that last drive are so idiotic its frustrating.
"William Jackson is a more talented Kirkpatrick. At least ""stone hands"" Dre actually picked it off from time to time."
"IMAGINE THROWING AN ENDZONE FACE TO A SHITTY FUCKING TIGHT END. LOL

FUCK ZAC"
"i am bender, please insert girder"
There’s 2 missed tackles
Defense looks good. Offense is ass. Punt team already with a mistake.
My god we’d be better off without an OL all together
Sick play call Zac Taylor
Imagine how frustrating it must be to be on this team and know if the coaches and owner would stop being stubborn we could be a super bowl twam
Weak hands
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Lol as bad of a second round pick as Jerome Simpson
The Bengals are cursed. GG
[deleted]
Quick Zac Taylor use all of our time outs
Wow how tf did Sample manage to mess that up?
For all you whining about the chains. Do you REALLY think this D could stop a team from getting 4th and inches?
Holy shit he held on!
still dont forgive you Drew smh but good catch
"so, like.....maybe don't run it when you're at the 20 in the last 2 minutes?"
Imagine being outcoached by Marrone
#Fire the coaching staff!!!
I've missed the first half. Can anyone fill me in as to why we have just 10 points? How have we looked in general?
"Good for mixon! You have to think that with how much he thrives on plays and confidence, he’s gonna start hitting the hole harder and breaking a little more."
He stayed in!!
Higgins drops a lot of balls.
Sorry AJ. It’s time.
Bullshit dude. I hope someone destroys a ref out there.
"It is the 4th game, and y'all are acting like we are going to be a losing franchise for the next 40 years, we are young, have patience."
AJ and VOTTO should retire on the same day.
Any team but the Bengals gets that call. Fuck the NFL.
Lol fuck you Hopkins
People paid to watch the Bengals and be around idiots not wearing masks
Higgins has been terrible.
"The hate is quick on aj these days man. Shit on a veteran for being ""slow"" but not the rookie QB that has had multiple overthrows in every game. Smh."
"You gotta make that throw, joe."
[deleted]
"Seriously, Is there a worse coaching staff in the NFL?  From top to bottom, I don't see any progress from week to week."
Jackson is terrible
"I don’t even care about this team anymore, I was mad the first 2 games."
"Bad throw there Joe.

Edit: the replay made it clear it was Samples fault. Can't hit you right in the face mask and not catch it."
That's a terrible call
"Great game so far, huh?"
[deleted]
Bengos gonna bengo.
Fucking refs are all over our defence ffs
Drew Sample has been really impressive!!! The dude can actually catch
AJ!!!!!!!!
Man Jack is a salty little bitch huh?
Well we have learned that Sample is not a jump ball guy. Hes a settle into soft spots in coverage and get a few tough yards guy
Ya’ll really blaming Sample for that freak play by Miles Jack?
[deleted]
:3
Fuck these announcers calling it a good play
yoursports.stream
"I know you all love Joe Mixon, but honestly he is overrated. 

Most RB can do what he does: Be explosive every once in awhile, make a big play a couple of times a game, make a good block every once in awhile. 


Mixon is average."
Hate to say it but Dunlap is washed
"1 more complaint, burrow, I love you but for the love of god stop trying to hit sample in the red zone higgins green boyd tunnel vision on those 3 or a dump to mixon"
"Ill say it again so you can downvote it again

>Drew Sample is the worst TE pick in Franchise history and that's considering Sean Brewer."
Aj wtf man.
How many incompletions has Burrow thrown today that weren’t close to his target?
What the fuck. Fuck sample.
Jax must be happy to have a GOOD running back.
Best returner in the league and you have him out? This coaching staff picks and chooses who to bench for mistakes. Bench fucking Hart
https://twitter.com/NFL/status/1312802727139790848?s=20
"I’m gonna say it... why did we keep AJ? That had to be the worst decision this offseason. Boyd and Tee seem to be our guys of the future, and AJ is just clogging things up."
He hit that hole like he hit that girl.
Drew Sample is the worst TE pick in Franchise history and that's considering Sean Brewer.
Time for AJ to retire? He seems to of lost a step and the hands.
This sub is too damn negative. I’ll see you guys next year
[deleted]
Burrow can't hit the deep ball yet.
Mixom is sooo overrated. Guy is barely averaging 3 yd per carry. How is he considered the 12th best running back in the league?
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Starting to wish we'd drafted Herbert, he can actually push the ball down the field"
"As soon as we cut vontaze our defense turned into a bunch of non tackling pussyboys, we need to sign vontaze back, idc if he doesn’t play he just did something with our guys where they would ACTUALLY TACKLE PEOPLE I am so sick and tired of our defense being scared to tackle have we even had 1 big hit this season yet?"
"I actually want the bengals to lose so we get a top draft pick, but the morale of this team might explode and never come back if they keep losing"
""
NGL. I’m jealous of this dude’s wardrobe.
Why did we never see any of our previous qbs suited and booted?
""
Who Dey! Get well soon!
Who Dey! Get well soon so you can watch Joe Burrow punch some dicks!
Who Dey!!! Sending love!!!
Hospitals suck! Hope you get to go home asap!
Who Dey! I hope for a quick and easy recovery!!
"Not a Bengals fan but def a you fan, crush it today! Im rooting for you and your team!"
Dope mask! Hope you have a Speedy Recovery !
wishing u a full & speedy recovery ! Who Dey !
Who Dey and sending prayers your way!
Who Dey! Get well!
Who Dey! We won!!
Hope you got to enjoy the Bengals first win!  Get well soon. Who dey!
Who Dey!! Prayers are with you!!
Praying for your health too buddy! Who Dey!!
Get well soon man! Hopefully they can bring home a winner for you
"Feel better little dude, Who Dey!!!"
Who Dey! I hope you get well soon!!
Who Dey! Hope you feel better soon
GET WELL SOON BUD! They playing well for you today
Get well soon!
Get well soon!
Who Dey and get well soon! Best of health to you!
"Who Damn Dey?!?! Wishing you a speedy recovery, Bengals bro🤘🏻"
Godspeed
i hope you have a speedy recovery!!
Hope the win helped!
I got that same mask! Who Dey! Prayers up man!
Who Dey!!! Burrow & Mixon got the win for ya! Feel Better soon!!
Get well soon best wishes
Who Dey! Hope you were able to enjoy the win. Get well soon!
Who dey and spirits be with you.
You won us the game!
"Enjoy your successful recovery, and the Bengals first win.

Who-dey."
The boys came through for you!
Get well soon!
Who Dey!! Put some points up on the board and win the game for Yodaman900.  Who Dey!!
Get well buddy! Who-dey nation loves ya!!!!
Who dey! Stay strong!!
Prayers up! Kick ass brother! Who Dey!
">Die hard

Poor choice of words after surgery"
Fuck the Steelers
You got your win! Get well soon; Who Dey!
Get em champ good luck with everything
"I hope you enjoyed that win yesterday! Praying for your good health as well, Who Dey!!"
Collapsed lung?
Who Dey?!? Buddy. Dope mask
Brutha Bear
Who Dey!! Get well buddy!
Who Dey! Get well soon buddy. Cure 65 Roses.
Who Dey! hope you get better.... Hope you're not to big a of DIE hard fan  if you catch my drift
""
Keep your mask on and get loud!!!!!
That from this year or last year?
Social distancing or the amount of actual fans that care to give Mike Brown their money with a product on the field like we have.
""
[deleted]
Fat Ben joining you for his bye week?
Nice setup. Nice pipe too
Lmao
Cringe
that is a helladope setup.  i see that roethlisquatch too lmao
[removed]
Won't happen.   Look how long Marvin Lewis was here?
[removed]
"I wanna see a clip of it, people are saying it’s so terrible lol"
I wouldn't play him the rest of the game for the weak terrible effort. He alone is responsible for a 10 point swing.
""
A condom made of swiss cheese would be incredibly effective. No one is going to let you anywhere near them with that cheesy donger.
What’s the context?
[removed]
"You all have no clue what you’re talking about 

Marvin for 7 years of his career had a Great Wall of fucking China for his o line"
"It's tough to call a good offensive game when most run plays lose half a yard.

He isn't great but he's playing with half a deck thanks to our o line."
"He’s been pretty good this year imo but I’m just a fan. Like you said, what can you do with no line?"
"Yeah, I can't believe I'm saying this but you're right. This is bullshit"
Cheaper younger version
I love them hits and don’t mind them. But with the rules that should have been called and he should have been ejected. It was the play to tie up the Jax game at 10
"I think it was too bang bang. They both had slightly lowered heads, defender and mixon. I just don’t think either looked intentional, since like I said it was so bang bang"
The Boyd hit was much worse. Can’t believe it wasn’t flagged.
"Because this is still football. Also, I’m a huge Bengals fan but come on..it’s football."
"It wasn’t late. It was inches from the goal line, one dude flying in the air and the other sprinting. It wasn’t dirty, either. No launching, no crown of the helmet, just trying to prevent a td."
""
The greatest Sith.
The Palmer jersey is appropriate
[deleted]
Amazing rush TD!
Just watched this will Star Wars battle music in the background. Epic.
[removed]
[removed]
""
"OP, I think the word you were looking to use was ""hurdles"" not ""hurtles"""
My FF name put in work today JoeJoe SB Adventure
[removed]
"Believe it or not 

The oline has been beautiful"
Pretty solid. Whole line has looked good all day
"Ah shit, as soon as I read this post he got his first hold! Dang it."
[removed]
I think he is pretty solid.
Picked him up in the offseason from Tennessee I believe
[removed]
They don’t want to win.
"A N A L Y T I C S

But that was the right call, Jags need to outright win. They can't beat us in OT"
"If you get it then the extra point next TD wins.

If you don't, well try again next time. Chances to get it are high."
Literally just said in the broadcast that analytics say to go for it there...
[removed]
[deleted]
Please no jinx
"YES! GO BENGALS
WHO DEY"
Whizzle dizzle
Wowsa!
"After 4 quarters of play, a young man in a green and black jersey stands on the field 

Burrow lowers the ball as the jaguars wave a white handkerchief

And just like that it’s over, we tend to our injured, we count our IR players

Offensive and defensive players wonder alike if this really means their first win

Not yet

We let the clock wind down

I see Zac Taylor smile

We escort their men out of the stadium

They stagger home in a single file

Tens of thousands of people flood the streets

There are screams and church bells ringing

And as our fallen foes retreat

I hear the drinking song they're singing

The world turned upside down
The world turned upside down
The world turned upside down
The world turned upside down
Down, down, down, down


We won!
We won!
We won!
We won!
The world turned upside down!"
Who Dey!!! :)
Bazinga!
"Is it just me, or is Alex Redmond a fucking baller in the running game 😬 
We finally won boys"
"Hopefully we can play like this moving forward, but this was by far the worst defensive line we've played.  I doubt Redmond is going to be much better than hes been the past few years."
"Dave Lapham has been banging the table for him to be our starter all year. He’s an all around sub-par lineman, but if you just need a dude to run forward and knock some dudes over, he’s a plus in that category."
Please don’t lose sight that the O-Line still needs work. Glad they got the dub but we need to keep banging the drums for them to invest in the O-Line.
[deleted]
"The jags dline isn’t that good, but he was SO much better than Fred and billy"
"To the people saying ""Well the Jags D-Line isn't that good""

Joe Mixon ran for 151 yards...

Good teams (which were not yet) run for 151 yards against bad teams. Shouldn't be an indictment on us, should be a plus. 

Running for 151 yards is always great no matter who its against."
"O line played well today, but we need to string a few of those together before we think anything has changed."
Average line = Good things for the offense. They need a very good line to compete at a high level but just having an average line will open up quite a bit. Redmond isn't the big picture answer but he can help until we get there. We need wins and he helped that happen today.
"He looked OK. Had a terrible holding penalty (basically threw a defender on the ground and laid on him), but considering he just came off the street, then practice squad, his play today was encouraging.  

The Jags are one of the worst teams in the NFL. They are in 100% rebuild mode. Next week, against the Ravens, I'm expecting the offensive line to be exposed again. 

Redmond is famous for penalties. He will have a minimum of 2 next week, against the Ravens."
""
Burrow and Mixon really played how everyone hoped they would and what a solid win they helped put together. Who Dey!!
Should be his third but JOE FRIGGIN BURROW!!
Joe is going to be an absolute PROBLEM if he keeps getting the time in the pocket that he did today.
WOOOOOOOO
"Hats off to the D-line overcoming injuries, and the O-line for coming together!"
Been a fan of joe since college. I'm not a bengals fan but I'm a Joe fan. Was absolutely electric in college and I truly think the bengals got the next Mahomes. So do many experts
Ah yes very nice.
Hell yeah! Who Dey baby!
"If we can get this kind of run game going every week we’ll win quite a few more than expected. 

But if not...we’ll continue to drop close games."
""
Boomer could be 28 or 48 years old in this photo I have no idea
"I love me some Boomer, but Minshew's 'stache is pretty nice."
"Bro, gotta go with the OG Bengals qb stache

https://images.app.goo.gl/TJdtqtdCvTawC38e8"
Gio has a better stache than Minshew
""
"AJ idolizes Larry Fitzgerald, do you guys think a similar move as a reciever will lengthen his career? 
Fitzgerald went from a #1 to a slant/#2 and he's been solid"
"Yeahhh AJ needs to be like the 5th offensive option right now. MT and Tate need to be taking a decent amount of his snaps. Hurts to say, but he’s clearly not his old self anymore.

Edit: and yes, I intend on getting away with calling our Mike Thomas “MT”"
"I went to the game today and someone I went with was getting on AJ because he thought AJ wasn't putting in effort. 

No...AJ was putting in effort...his body is just completely failing him right now. I honestly feel bad for the guy. He can't even make a cut out there."
I honestly think AJ needs a couple weeks off to try and find some juice. He's been absolutely awful this season and that drop today was a bad one. Burrow to AJ has been good for 14/33 for 119 yards this season. Burrow to everyone else is 102/144 (70.8%) for 1002 yards at 6.95 per attempt with 6 TD and 2 INT. That's basically prime Brady with some of his lesser teams.
"I don’t know how many times I yelled “I love Tee Higgins”, but I’m sure my neighbors are excited to meet him"
"I honestly wonder if AJ is healthy from the hamstring

I only say this because of the way players and different media members were talking about how much more athletic he looked than everyone else. This was before the injury. 

Also the way he gets up after being tackled looks like he's injured."
"I almost commented on the game thread that it didn't look like AJ was really even wanting to put in 100% but that seemed like overboard at the time. 

But I don't know. Something is definitely not kosher with AJ right now. With all do respect to him, and I do appreciate and respect him, but he looked like a bum on the field today and I wish I knew why."
That play early in the game where Burrow rolled out and pointed to Green and the ball flew past him incomplete made me sad. He doesn't have that next gear to gain separation anymore :/
Green can say he’s healthy over and over but he limps after every route and his stride is just completely off balance. He might not physically be able to get healthy right now.
😂😂
[deleted]
"AJ ain’t gettin paid next season. Honestly, if AJ keeps looking like this, he could be out of the league soon"
"Green has been rough, awful really. Receiving options in order:

1. Boyd

2. Higgins

3. Tate

4. Bernard

5. Thomas

6. Green"
"What a game by Mixon and Burrow. The future is bright if we can keep him upright. The Jags Dline sucks, but F it, lets Celebrate!"
Yep
Joe² coming at you
Who Dey!!!!!!!!!!!
Also think it’s worth pointing out fat randy hasn’t missed a kick since that one kick #Whodey
Hell yeah!
Hell yeah! FTS!
GO CINCINNATAAA !
JO(E)HIO
Who dey!
Yessir yessir
"Joseph ""Joe"" Burrow"
"Your fan base has finally got a true HOF potential QB. Hopefully your team learns how to protect him. Im a life long 49er fan, but im happy for you all. Good luck."
Is there some place to watch the game after the fact?
Joe. Easing the reds playoffs pain
The way the Ravens have been playing doesn't make them as big of a lock as people think next week.  This week will give the Bengals confidence and something to build on.
"I'm late but need to comment on history. Joe's first win! Wish I could have watched it. 
FTS"
Gotta give it up to Fat Randy
Eagles fan here. We should tie each other more often if it gets us a win the next week.
And kudos to the O- line for showing up this week!
Everyone “downvote” the negative fucks in this thread. Who Dey! Downvote party for the so called “fans” of Cincinnati sports.
"Sure it was the Jaguars but this is indeed the sort of game you build on. None of these guys got any pre-season games. The team is probably just starting to gel now. The Oline was much improved. I realize that we weren't facing Mile Garrett or Joey Bosa but you gotta start somewhere. I'm guessing Alex Redmond graded out well. Jonah Williams had a good day. Trey Hopkins had that one hold negating a touch down but he's still one of the better choices we've made in recent years. Even Bobby Hart wasn't bad. 

Mixon was spectacular of course, and Burrow worked the ball to everyone. I've been a longtime critic of Cethan Carter but that catch he made was smooth and perfect. 

On defense there are a couple of points of light. Jessie Bates is one. Sure they ran on us and also were able to pass in a two minute drill using the sidelines with ease, but I'm seeing the secondary be out of position less at least. Sims is getting better. Both he and William Jackson had a bunch of tackles, and not just because they were being thrown at. And even Jordan Evans had a highlight. 

It has become an offensive game so maybe holding a team to 25 isn't  that bad. Or at least, maybe it is average. Look at all the teams that put up 31 points this week."
"I missed the entire game and was incapacitated yesterday. Judging that we won, that's a good thing possibly. Who Dey!"
"If you were hurt because of past performances of Bengals, call now, **Joe, Joe, and Associates** are ready to fight for the compensation you deserve."
"uhhh Josh Allen and Chasisson do not ""suck"" lol. Maybe the interior dline. They are literally 15th/16th in both passing yards and rushing yards allowed per game haha. They were allowing 237 passing yards per game and 109 rushing yards per game. Then Bengals just CRUSHED both of those averages(those averages were from the first 3 games. Not gonna include this game because it wouldn't be a good indicator of their defense.) Bengals passed for 300 and ran for 205. They aren't the best defense but they definitely aren't the worst. INCREDIBLE GAME BY THE OFFENSE. Joe Burrow is a fucking star in the making. 

And if management continues to draft him guys to help. Yall will be in the playoffs EVERY year. Maybe as the wildcard bc of the Ravens. But once Ben retires the Bengals ARE the 2nd best team in the division. Probably won't make it this year with having to play the Ravens and Steelers twice. But yall WILL compete every game. Man where's that salty guy arguing with me a few weeks ago that is such a massive fan that he knew the team was horrible. Honestly yall should be 3-1. or 2-1-1 AT WORST. From a Packers fan/LSU alum WHO DEY. I know some of you hate LSU fans coming on here. But is it really such a bad thing to have more people rooting for the Bengals... I mean the BENGALS. If you aren't a native before Burrow I don't think ANYONE would choose the Bengals as their team of choice lol. Jerseys aren't the best. Bad management. Choke an incredible amount of times. THE FUTURE IS BRIGHT. Packers are the game I always will watch first. But if they aren't on the Bengals are ON in this house boys. Burrow is just fun to watch my guys. I'm so happy for yall. Keep it up. SHOCK THE WORLD NEXT WEEK."
Was he even sacked yesterday? The jags must really suck
""
Forgot to mention best performance of his career.
6 yards per carry. Hopefully it's a sign of whats to come and not just a sign of how bad the Jags D is.
It says Redmond was at RT and Williams was at LG. Wtf?
"With  burrow getting more comfortable,  it will open up more lanes"
Better breaking out 4 games in than 8 games in
""
[deleted]
I love this! Who Dey!!
fucking AMAZING
Please make these every week. This is great
""
Carson with the Lebowski fit
Love those guys
It’s awesome that they still get together and hang out. Carson going full caveman and living in Idaho is pretty great too. Good for them. I’m happy for them.
"A lot of people hate on Carson, but can you blame him. He spoke the truth and called Mike Brown out."
How much pot did they just smoke ?
"9 to 85 is a winning combination. 

Palmer/Johnson

Burrow/Higgins"
All they need now is TJ “whose your momma”
This makes me feel good
Chad will always be my favorite player of all time and I’m more of an NCAA football lover but chad will always be first in my heart he always made it fun to watch when I was growing up. It breaks my heart because when I was growing up I went to a game and everyone was booing Carson when he came out of the tunnel he never deserved that even if he did talk bad about osu when they played usc those days were good times and we took them for granted
"2 Bengals greats, injuries always ravaged their chances. Nothing but respect for them..."
"Damn, they look like they are having fun!"
"I love these guys so much. I really hope we can invoke some of their offensive juju with Burrow, Boyd, and Higgins."
I can't tell whose outfit is more crazy haha. Def weird seeing Carson go from Captain Clean Cut to Jimmy Buffet Sasquatch tho
"Carson Palmer was very vocal about how cheap the Bengals was during his tenure with the team and warned Joe Burrow ahead of the draft.. I feel that all of the Bengals hate as of late has forced their hand in a way to get in the game and spend some money... In a way I feel like Palmer helped get us to where we are.. I'm not quite sure if the spending trend will last, but there's a glimmer of hope at least"
They look like they’re in their early 60s already 😂
""
LEGENDARY
That's my quarterback!
Man it feels so good to have someone like this as our future
HoF confirmed.
Get Andre 3000 on the phone cause we’ve found a quarterback cooler than ‘ice cold’.
give this man a good o-line plz
So the only game he didn’t have 300 was his first? Considering that there was no preseason that’s insane.
Herbert came super close.
""
"Palmet got all that money and the best he could do was ""the Dude."""
"Image came out blurry when I posted from my phone, here's a higher res version: https://i.imgur.com/qLooVSY.jpeg"
Palmer dresses like the unabomber
Nostalgia time
Inside you are two wolves
"This win feels really good, no matter the opponent. But these next 5 games will be TOUGH. If we go 2-3 in those games I’d say that will be really solid. But 1-4 or even 0-5 is very realistic so I suggest fans really enjoy this one."
"Additionally, if they do go 2-3, they’d be 3-5-1 with games against WSH, NY, and MIA. They could certainly win all 3 of those and be 6-5-1."
We haven’t lost by much this year. O line looked better today. There are at least 10 teams with a worse record than us after this week. Who Dey!
https://i.imgur.com/QH6X9AW.jpg
"* Ravens
* Colts
* @ Browns
* @ Titans 
* Steelers

for those wondering.

I'll add that the Footballteams have a scary defensive line themselves."
""
I'm legit gone at this.
""
"I don’t know what this means, but I like it."
"That suit is terrible. Doesn't look cut right for his frame which is odd because it's probably a custom.

Still love me some Burrow, though; he's my spirit animal. Just, not in this fucming table cloth suit."
That's my QB. Who Dey!
"Playoff teams: Texans, Eagles, Vikings"
"Formal petition to trade places with the Football Team, nobody would miss them in the East, and the North would get a free basement dweller for eternity"
Texans are AFC.
""
Keep up the good content fellas
"Joe deserves all the praise he gets for coming in with no offseason and just settling right the fuck into NFL game speed.

Every time an announcer or media person talks about him, it's with respect and appreciation for how he has his game down pat already.

I know their opinions aren't worth anything, but compared to hearing about Dalton's prime time woes, first read tendencies, or general mediocreness, it's downright refreshing."
"I don't give a fuck about what others say, but it IS great to have a great quarterback."
Im glad to see some chemistry starting between Burrow and his offensive weapons. I've stated that this year a competitive team would make me happy. We have done that so far. They could have won every single game. Now they need to continue to find ways to win when it is close. The future looks better than it has in LOOOOONG time.
I fucking love Swiss cheese
"Dude’s quote game is in mid-season form.

https://twitter.com/pguy_77/status/1312901229366980609?s=21"
Why?
"It really sounds like Burrow isn't into symbolic wins, morale wins, or even statement games. I think it's Super Bowl or bust for him. He's been awesome so far this year, the only game he truly looked like a rookie was his first start ever. I think the Bengals have their franchise player for a long ass time."
Takes a big ball bag to say that
"It seems like we'll be pick 4-7. If sewell or another guranteed oline isnt there what should we do? 

I think it would be cool to get Ja'Marr chase, burrows old friend, espescially if AJ never fully recovers. My other favorite would be an elite LB prospect if there is one. (I dont know much about prospects rn i don't do my research until draft season)"
Best player available. Pick the guy who will make the most impact.
"JaMarr Chase, Tee Higgins and Tyler Boyd would be absolutely deadly"
Best player available.  If no OL worthy of the pick we need overall better defense.  LB is the biggest hole but we need youth on the DL and another top tier CB.
"I'd think Sewell, Chase, and Parsons will be in that top section of targets."
"Doubt we're going to be in a position to draft Sewell dude's probably gone by pick #2, we should cop at least 1 sure thing O-lineman in the off-season, draft Chase (Ross and AJ are probably gone), and then address O-line with Round 2 and 3"
"I don’t wanna trade aj green but we need some OL either in the draft or FA but we should just go heavy OL in next years draft like we did LB but even more.

Chase would be a great fit if we did trade aj tho"
"If Sewell or another top OL isn’t there, then I’d trade back if possible. 1st round should be OL 100% (depending what they do in free agency). If they can’t trade back and reach a bit for OL then so be it. Rousseau is the only guy I’d be cool with taking over OL.

Chase would be low on my board for bengals. He would absolutely be fun and good with burrow. But I don’t think burrow is the type that needs great weapons to be successful, especially outside guys. Give him a good slot WR, pass catching TE, and 1 outside threat, and that’s all he needs. It really comes down to the OL giving him time"
I think we get either Chase or a DE like Rousseau that will be able to learn from Dunlap and not have to be DE1 for a few years.
"Best corner available. I'm not saying it's the right thing to do, but it's the most Bengals thing to do."
"I'm tempted to take Chase like some others are saying because offense is fun, but WR is low on our list of needs. 

I perceive our team needs to be OL>IDL>EDGE>CB>WR; moreover there are multiple needs within each position group. Based on that assessment, I'll take the IDL if he is there. If not, I'm trading back in return for a mid-1st and a 2nd and 4th. I'm then taking: 1. OL/IDL 2. OL/IDL 2. OL/EDGE

Edit: LB is not listed because Wilson and ADG (and potentially Bailey) deserve a chance to grow before we start making early picks for the position"
"Trade down, pass rush, or stud TE if there is one."
"&#x200B;

[ ](https://reddit.com/link/j59j5w/video/s6ccxqim46r51/player)"
I'm not seeing anything here.
""
When did Tony the Tiger start endorsing the bengals😂
Wow mistook his leg for something else... 🤔
Source: [https://twitter.com/DrawPlayDave/status/1312856536855666688/photo/1](https://twitter.com/DrawPlayDave/status/1312856536855666688/photo/1)
I love this
I love the LSU bandana too
""
"His kicks have been pretty dead-center as well, I think he's actually kicking the best he's been in his entire career right now."
He's just trying to make up for week 1. I guess.
"As much as I wanna hate fat randy for what he pulled earlier, he’s been pretty damn consistent as of late and has given me no reason to hold that against him"
Earned his cheeseburgers today
He wasnt ever bad he just happened to miss a kick that would have possibly led us to a win
"For now, he’s no longer Fat Randy. He’s just Randy."
You take away that week 1 kick. He’s been really solid in 2019 and this year
Hasn't missed a kick since week 1 and they've all been dead center.
[deleted]
I started him. I had faith in our boi!
Last I heard was that he was injured so I sat him....
We will all remember ur sacrifice
"AJ Green is one of the best bengals of all time and one of the best players I’ve ever seen. What he’s been for this city through the years is amazing. With that being said, the hard truth is he is on the decline and is almost a non factor for the receiver core thus far. The Bengals need to build for more draft capital to keep this team going through the years and I believe a team would make a solid trade for him , thinking they can get more out of him. Tyler Boyd has looked great and Tee Higgins is going to be a very good player as he just keeps getting better each game. There would still be solid support from Auden Tate and Michael Thomas. Now is the best time to move on from AJ and getting something out of him rather than losing him after this season with possibly very little impact on this season for nothing."
"If you’re a gm for one of the other 31 teams in the league, what has aj shown you in the first 4 games this season that inspires you to trade for him on a salary of 18 mil?"
"Uhm, that's been a very popular opinion recently."
"We'd be better off moving John Ross if he's not going to be active on game days. A.J. hasn't shown any reason for a team to give up a late rounder at his price tag. If we wanted to move him last year before the deadline would've been the time to do it before everyone had seen where he's at now. Give him some time with the new system and Burrow and he'll be productive sooner or later. Plus the man always balls out against Baltimore. Remember what he's done for this team, don't give up on him now."
Trade? Who would trade for him? He's done.
No team is going to think about trading for him. Is sad but it might be time for him to just retire
While his trade value is lowest in his career ...? Shoukd have traded him last year
Guys....c'mon. No one is springing for what appears to be a broken down receiver with a huge deal. He looks washed.
I'd unload him and Ross both . People said we'd never get anything for Palmer . As for the locker room 90% of the roster weren't there when A. J. was at his best .
[deleted]
""
the tiger head is always cool tho that might just be nostalgia from growing up with it.
Pfft. Apparently you have forgotten the stealers logo
I wish they’d wear these every once in a while. It’s history.
"I don’t see the B for Brown logo going anywhere anytime soon, but I agree it’s gotta go"
The B logo is so fucking lame. I prefer this logo way more. Tiger head/leaping tiger should be the main logo.
""
"I mean we beat the jags, until we start consistently beating top tier teams it will never matter."
I mean we beat the jags... who are tanking so I get it
"Not just you. Even in 2015 when we had the best offense in football, we never get talked about. Small market woes unfortunately."
"Yeah, Joe throws for 300, wins his first nfl game, and the first thing I hear after the game is the media sucking Tom Brady’s d!@k. It gets old."
"Think of the nfl (referees) as script writers. The bengals are always the ugly stepbrother, who will never amount to anything. Like when we “lost” to the Steelers in the playoffs, twice, because we were going to win, and the refs decide to call defensive holding and personal fouls. The NFL does not want us to win."
"I was at a bar tonight met a bengals fan and he was almost upset that the bengals won because he didn’t like burrow.,. It’s just so weird to me. He was a dalton fan. I love Andy he is a solid QB but he’s not Burrow.. burrow is the absolute TRUTH WHO DEYYYYY"
Literally never
that's just bizarre. would be like a chiefs fan saying they wish Alex Smith was still the starter.
[deleted]
Personally I have not nor would I continue being associated with such a crazy person.
It's already obvious that Burrow's floor is what Dalton's ceiling was. I think some of these people clinging to Dalton still are probably hardcore evangelical types who just don't like that their current QB seems to be much less religious than Dalton was.
That guy is an idiot
I’ve never had anyone talk bad about Burrow to me.  Even steeler fans I interact with like the guy.
I mean I'll have a soft spot in my heart for Andy no matter where he goes but that is just insanity.
I've not had experiences like that at all. Everyone I've met and talked football with thinks Burrow is the real deal. Even fans of divisional rivals are begrudgingly admitting he's probably going to be good for a long time.
"Never ever crossed my mind nor have I heard anyone say we shouldn’t of got him. This dude is everything you want in a franchise QB. He doesn’t settle for his or his teams performance, it’s all about getting better. He comes in and becomes an instant leader and for that becomes a captain. He is the type of quarterback that I am confident when it’s 3rd and 10 that we will get the 1st down or when there’s 2 minutes left in the game he will get us down the field and he’s a ROOKIE! We got someone special and not just because of his performance but the way he carries himself. I believe he is the one that will put the Bengals on the map. 1st win and it’s all over Sports Center, Twitter, Instagram. Absolutely love it!"
Andy was a class act. He was an above average qb that needed everything around him to be great for the team to succeed. Nothing wrong with that but you’re not winning a SB with that. Joe is that guy and you can see he’s got a swagger about him that is contagious. Not cocky but is confident in himself. What he has done with what many consider to be a pretty poor offensive line and bad run defense is an achievement first rookie qb to go for 300 yards in 3 straight games. Could be 3-1 right now had it not been for some kicking blunders a questionable offensive PI call and some poor play calling inside the 1 yard line. Not saying Joe has been perfect he still has some things to get better on but he is the guy that will lead this franchise.
Remember last season when ppl were saying to keep Dalton and draft an offensive line? Then Burrow just torched in the national championship and we were all suddenly on the same side? Yeah I didn’t forget about that
What happened? Did Bobby Hart getting subbed out make that big of difference? Is the Jags D just shit? Did the o line improve over the week? What's the difference between the last several games and today? I'm not smart enough to analyze the film.
Bobby didn't get subbed out but Alex Redmond started at RG.  I think the Jags have a weaker dline than the very good dlines weve faced so far BUT decent olines protect their QB well against bad dlines so im happy.  I hope they all carry the positive momentum into next week vs a tough Ravens dline.  I was VERY pleased to see Joe not getting smacked by free rushers and we won in large part because of their work in the running game.
"Hart wasn't subbed out. Redmond got that start at RG. The line played well, but the Jags defense is the worst we've played all year. No real pass rush or run stuffing. It was nice to see, but let's not kid ourselves and think the problem's solved. We still have the Ravens and Steelers twice, the Browns again, and Chase Young to deal with this season. It's going to be a long year."
"The Jags DL/LBs are close to bottom in the league. Still, it was hopefully a confidence boost for the OL. The right side of the line wasn't noticeable at all which is a huge improvement. The only penalty was Hopkins getitng called for a hold early. Still need to work on our run blocking between the tackles but we utilized Joe (Mixon) in a much better way that complemented better OL play."
"The Jags had 3 sacks coming into the game yesterday, and have struggled to get any sort of pressure on the QB. They are 29th in DVOA.

It feels good to win, and finally see the offense click, but it's fools gold to think the O-Line turned a corner just because they played one of the worst defensive lines in the league."
Could it be that they actually decided to feed Joe Mixon. This was the first game where Mixon had 20+ carries.
[removed]
""
"I'm not one to do a lot of my own scouting, so I google around and copy the works of others.  With that in mind, I've been doing some minor research into the Defensive Lines that we have played against so far, and the first 3 games are all at the top half of the league in DLine play.

Going into this season, PFF ranks it as such : Eagles #2, Chargers #9, Browns #12.

The line actually looked respectable against the Jags, which PFF Ranks #23.

With that in mind, perhaps our line isn't absolutely atrocious, but they've been playing against some fantastic Defensive Lines?

The rest of our schedule looks like such:

Ravens - 17  
Colts - 19  
Browns - 12  
Titans - 21  
 Steelers - 1  
Washington - 3  
Giants - 26   
Dolphins - 30  
Cowboys - 14  
Steelers - 1  
Texans - 16  
Ravens - 17  

So far we've seen that the line can hold up against rank 23...  Which we will only be playing two teams ranked lower than that.  If they look good against the ravens or Colts, perhaps there is hope.  Let's see what the future holds going forward for this line."
So  what the hell do we do against the Stealers? Number one D-line is going to be tough and we need to keep Burrow vertical and out of the medical tent!
"They were bad. Yes tough d but they missed assignments left and right.

That being said, the encouraging play this week I don’t believe was just because Jacksonville is worse. I think Redmond helped a lot and chemistry overall continues to build. Ravens week will be interesting"
"We still have a fairly small sample size on all these teams. Its possible that The Browns, Eagles, and Chargers D-Lines look better because they have played us. 

Granted, I think those teams all have excellent lines. We can make ourselves feel better about out O-Line by saying they handled the Jags well, but the fact is they had 3 total sacks coming into yesterdays game, and managed to get one sack yesterday. The Jags line obviously has issues getting pressure. 

This line is not good, and needs to upgrade quite a few players. If we want to get into the playoffs in the near future the line will need to be able to handle those better defensive lines, especially if we want to actually win a game."
"The o-line doesn’t have a tone of talent, but I don’t think they are as bad as some say. No live play in the off-season is tough on the o-line. The line is very young and working with a rookie QBs. They’ve been screwing up protection calls and missing assignments. Burrow was also holding the ball when he may have been able to dump it off. Combine these two sets of errors with actually getting beat, and you come up with a huge amount of plays that fail due to the o-line. The Jags game showed that this line can be serviceable when the assignment errors get cleans up, and burrow dumps the ball off a little more often."
Maybe those teams defensive grades are so good because they played the Bengals
Perhaps Bengals front office need to invest in more scouting personnel and analytics. They’ve been drafting offensive lines in the first and 2nd rounds since 2015 and all have become busts. They currently only have 3 people in their scouting department. They’re running that department like an E-commerce store lol
"Less offensive this week:

Player|Total|PassBlock|RunBlock
--------|--------|--------|--------|
Jonah Williams|72.5|84.5|61.5
Bobby Hart|68|45.2|78.4
Mike Jordan|56.7|58.1|55.3
Trey Hopkins|55.7|72|51.1
Alex Redmond|54.6|47.4|55.9"
We need like 5-6 more Jonah’s
Jonah really is turning out to be what we thought when we drafted him. Thank god. Surprising to see Hart as our second best graded guy.
little surprised to see low grades considering how much better we performed yesterday. wonder if PFF takes opponent’s talent into account?
That is really surprising given the 0 sacks and effective run game.
Jonah starting to show he is the player we thought he would be. This is a great sign.
Jonah beasty!
"A little surprised with Remond’s run block grade. It’s not like I was keying in on him every down, but he had a couple blocks that flashed and broke big runs."
Hart really seems to do better with even average RG next to him. We should still look for better but it’s definitely proving true how one weak link brings everyone down
"If they can at least run block well, that opens up the passing game. Keeps the defensive line honest and wears them out. I don't focus on the line the whole game but I do recall watching Bobby Hart handle a DE spinning all over the place that was impressive."
That pass blocking grade on Bobby Hart... WTF?
Bobby Hart run blocking.  Very nice.
What were the grades from other games this season?
the interior of the offensive line is so weak.
"Hello and welcome to the third installment of my PFF breakdowns. I was absent in the forum last week, as it was a very busy week for me personally. 

Week 4 was an exciting week for Bengals fans. We got our first win! We looked good doing it, too. There were many highlights from Joe Mixon, Joe Burrow, Jessie Bates & Carlos Dunlap. Let's get started.

# Offensive Leaders

1. Tyler Boyd - 90.9 - Mr. Consistent and according to Burrow, ""Always working to get open."" Boyd was good for 6 1st downs.
2. Joe Burrow - 80.8 - Cool, calm and collected. We finally see burrow with time in the pocket. We have a gem on our hands.
3. Auden Tate - 78.5 - Tate > Ross - Auden had a great sideline catch for a 1st down on 3rd and short with 5:42 to go in the 1st. I SWORE AJ green made this catch. The body control, the catch, the way he ran. This is exciting.
4. Joe Mixon 76.4 - Several long runs of 34, 23, & 21 yards. Mixon also rushed for 8 1st downs.
5. Drew Sample - 76.2 - Never flashy, but consistently scoring leading PFF grades for us. Great improvement this week to see Sample get some targets. We misused him last week.

# Defensive Leaders

1. Jessie Bates - 86.5 - Team-leading 8 tackles with 2 assists and 1 stop. JB3 was also our top DB in coverage. His target was targeted 5 times for 3 receptions with 2 broken-up passes. He's become a leader vocally and physically. He could be a face of our defense for many years to come.
2. DJ Reader - 83.8 - 4 tackles, 1 assist, 4 stops and 1 sack. DJ Reader is a steady force on our D-line. Reader is also leading DT's in the NFL in 3 categories - tackles, stops, and missed tackles.
3. Carlos Dunlap - 70.6 - While Dunlap has struggled to date and yet to record a sack, he showed up to this game. He finished with 3 pressures. He got has hands on 1 or 2 passes. He was constantly driving the tackle into the pocket and was disruptive to Minshew. He did more for this team today than the stats reflect.
4. Christian Covington - 62.8 - 1 sack
5. William Jackson III - 57.2

* Honorable Mention - Amani Bledsoe - 81 OVR grade on 14 snaps

I've heard others complain about the D-line already in Game 4. However, I thought they did a great job. They didn't have Geno or Mike Daniels and we were still causing havoc in the trenches. Often times, I noticed our defensive front completely driving the entire Jaguar's offensive line into Minshew. I can't count how many times his pocket collapsed and he had nowhere to go because all 5 offensive linemen got beat. That was a great sight to see. I'd like to add that I'm a huge fan of kicking Hubbard inside and letting Lawson rush on the outside. Lawson is finally beginning to have the year that we all knew he was capable of.

I'd also like to voice my frustration with the Bengals DB's running zone coverage. I don't have a breakdown of the amount of snaps taken in zone versus man, but several times I noticed a completely wide open receiver due to us playing lackadaisical zone - especially on 3rd down. Last week, against the Eagles, we needed to hold them before the end of the 1st half. Alexander completely didn't know his assignment on the play that lead to the long touchdown up the sideline. The ball is hiked and he turns his body to cover the middle of the field when he should have been on the sideline. In Game 4, our defense's coverage completion percentage was 77.1%. I'm not sure if this is fault of Lou or our DB's. What do you guys think?

# O-Line

Finally, finally, finally. This was a remarkable day for our O-Line. None of our linemen gave up a sack. There were 9 pressures given up by the linemen and only 2 scrambles from Joe Burrow all day. Joe had many clean pockets and ample time to execute the plays.

1. Jonah Williams - OFF 72.5, PBLK 84.5, RBLK 61.5, 1 pressure 
2. Michael Jordan - OFF 56.7, PBLK 58.1, RBLK 55.3, 1 pressure
3. Trey Hopkins - OFF 55.7, PBLK 72, RBLK 51.1, 0 pressures
4. Alex Redmond - OFF 54.6, PBLK 47.4, RBLK 55.9,  2 pressures
5. Bobby Hart - OFF 68, PBLK 45.2, RBLK 78.4, 5 pressures

The pass blocking today will suffice. Joe was able to find his groove and anticipate his throws without having 3 defensive linemen in his face. The run blocking was also decent today. We were able to get a running game going, which enabled effective play-action calls. We were much more efficient running the ball to the left and right ends. We struggled getting anything going up the middle, which is reflected in Hopkins, Jordan, and Redmonds run-blocking grades. Could our O-line finally be getting it together or is this a reflection of lack of talent across the D-line on Jacksonville's end? We may get the answer we are looking for next week against the Ravens.

# Joe Burrow

I've seen many comments stating that Joe did great today because our line finally gave him time to throw. I found the following stat interesting.

Joe's Offensive Grades

* No Pressure - 78.5
* Under Pressure - 75.4
* No Blitz - 65.5
* Blitz - 93.7

This stat line would almost suggest that Burrow performs **better** when he is being blitz/under pressure. I think it reduces his time for mental mistakes and allows him to use his instinct. Objectively, Burrow performs more efficiently when he is under pressure. That being said, it is still crucial that the O-line continue to play well. The line playing well opens up our running game, which leads to an effective play-action game. All of these wheels turning at once would be a great thing to see next week against Baltimore.

Thank you guys for reading! Tuesday night, 10/5, I will be going On-Air with the Bengals Brawl Podcast on the Brawl Network to do an interview and give insight to our Week 5 Game Preview against the Baltimore Ravens. This episode should be available Wednesday night. I'll be linking that podcast in my next post that is due out on Friday. Who Dey!"
"IIRC, last year he was the only college QB whose passer rating went up when under pressure. I guess this game is in line with that lol"
"Mixon rushing for 8 first downs is huge. Keeping the chains moving.

Drew Sample I take back all the shit I talked about the Bengals reaching for you in the draft. Thanks for showing up."
When your RT allows as many pressures as the rest of the line combined...
Love these posts
"Are those burrows grades from just yesterday? Because sample dropped 2 tds (one for a pick) while he was not under pressure, green dropped 2 passes, I think tate dropped 2 as well, all while he was in a nice pocket, so that's going to fuck with his ratings."
Who else is interested in knowing AJ's PFF grade? I wonder what they think of his lack of separation and if it coincides with what I saw from him. I know they grade every single play and not just the targets so it would be nice to see their assessment.
Jonah gives me Bonahs.
Thanks!
"I hope Burrow really is better against the blitz, because the Ravens absolutely love to use it."
""
Love him. Get the gold jacket ready
"I don't think anything will satisfy Burrow outside winning a few Super Bowls. We've also already learned he'll be able to carry the team if he has to. If this is how good he looks all things considered, no OTAs or preseason, imagine what veteran Burrow will look like."
That is character
He’s going to break the Cincinnati curse
"After soooooooo much pain, suffering and so many mishaps we finally got our guy"
"I don’t get it lol 

Either way he the man and well deserved w"
"Best QB in Bengals history, don’t @me"
"Burrow was great, but does anyone else feel like Mixon should have gotten that game ball?"
[removed]
""
Dudes only 23 too 😍😍
He's the best we've had since Reggie Nelson.
"I love this guy too, he was the leading tackler again. He should be able to be the ball hawk that he was drafted to be if the run D ever improves and he doesn’t have to be their safety net"
I have his jersey!! (that’s big considering I almost never buy them)
we love bates. the refs dont love bates. F*** the refs. we love bates.
They have his run defense graded horribly too. He's still the top safety overall because his coverage grade is THAT good.
I love him too
We need to reup this man before he gets priced out of reach!
I love Bates
Best safety in the league but none of the talking heads are talking about him
"I remember watching his highlight reel when we drafted him. Definitely not enough tape to be certain, but I thought he looked physical and COMPETITIVE. Definitely the kind of captain we need on defense."
there's some ravens fan that totally called this.  I've seen him say it once or twice but he's claimed Bates is the best safety in the afcn since last year.  feels good to get some recognition especially on r/nfl
"What blows my mind is, when we get certain players, people here and on the Bengals board will say ""Oh that was a good pick"" and then usually be correct. It happened with Bates and Hubbard. It happened way back when we got Carlos Dunlap in the 2nd round. I feel like some of the fans may be better scouts than well, the organization itself."
ELITE
"Master bates!!! 




Wait"
"Saints fan dropping in, how has Von Bell been getting on for you?"
(So do I)
still wont get a probowl because the nfl hates us
"D coordinator must be using him right. I recall he is better in either man or zone coverage, one of the two."
"bates been hitting. i seen some plays on film where he is hitting fools,"
""
Imagine what this would look like if our receivers could catch tds consistently.
"it look nice, but also dont forgot there was no preseason so he will get better as season goes on. I am hoping he will break Luck's rookie passing yard record and Mayfield's rookie passing TD record. and it look good so far."
"Those projected stats for completions, attempts, and yards would be records for a rookie season. The TD record is 27 (held by Baker). How insane would it be if he threw a few extra TDs and continued his current pace for everything else and put together the undisputed best rookie season in history."
Isn't this a pace that would set the Bengals passing yardage record?!
"I dont have some long list of QBs who started as rookies but compared to the guys I could think of off the top of my head, the path hes on now would be about the same as Russ Wilson, and those two are a level up from anyone else for the headline QB stats 

Burrow - 24 TDS - 8 INTS - 65.5 percent

Wilson - 26 TDS - 10 INTS - 64.12 percent 

Murray - 20 TDS - 12 INTS - 64.3 percent

Baker - 27 TDS - 14 INTS - 63.7 percent

Peyton - 26 TDS - 28 INTS - 56.6 percent 

Aikman - 9 TDS - 18 INTS - 52.9 percent 

Watson - 19 TDS - 8 INTS - 61.7 percent

Ben - 17 TDS - 11 INTS - 66.4 percent

Stafford - 13 TDS - 20 INTS - 53.3 percent 

Luck - 23 TDS - 18 INTS - 54.07 percent 

Cam - 21 TDS - 17 INTS - 59.9 percent"
"Probably gonna be a like 27 tds 5ints 4,217 yds avg 7.3 424 com and 669 att and his longest probably 64 with comp like 68"
"I too can multiple by 4. /s


Thanks for the info!"
Multiplying the stats by 4 isn't a very difficult prediction. It doesn't seem to take schedule or anything else into account.
I actually am still on the keep Zac train but it seems like not many are. What would all of you guys think about this?
I believe Zac is a good head coach. He has lost a lot of 1 score games but look at what he’s had. This year the missed field goal in week 1 was not on him and his play calling in week 3 to lose to philly was limited due to terrible blocking by the offensive line. Some people are mad that he can’t get over that hump but I think they are just a few key pieces away and a line away from getting over that. I like him as HC and from the way the players respond to him they seem to like him too.
I think leadership and culture are actually Zac’a strengths. Play calling is more of a question for me than the rest of the HC responsibilities so (not giving up yet) I’d think even bringing in an OC or letting Brian call the games a possibility.
"The theoretical world would have to be one in which a veteran head coach would have no idea of what the workings of the Cincinnati Bengals organization has been over the past decades. 

There are reasons top coaches and top players do not come here. 

We get players who want to revamp a career. And first time head coaches. 

This last year's free agency spree does not apply to anything above. That just shows how rare it is for the Bengals to do something like that."
"I don’t know. A lot of people love Zimmer and he comes to mind in this scenario, but personally I wouldn’t want him as anything more than the DC (but I do want that). I guess it depends on if they are old-school, conservative-minded HC like Zimmer and Lewis or more modern like Sean McDermott"
"Why do you all make up these ridiculous scenarios in your heads and then debate them like they have any chance of happening? We’re not going to hire a veteran HC. Zac Taylor is not going to be demoted. And while we’re on the subject Kevin Zeitler won’t be coming back, neither will Sanu, neither will Zimmer, we’re not going to trade AJ Green, Bobby Hart is going nowhere this season, and you’re not the smartest person in the room. This discussion is pointless."
Nah Bieniemy as HC all day
"Hi folks.  I'm looking for a Bengals blogger/analyst who can introduce the Bengals in a ""Know Your Foe"" podcast for a Ravens audience to be recorded Wednesday.

This is a nonconfrontational, analyst-to-analyst discussion of personnel and scheme for the Bengals with an occasional question regarding matchups with the Ravens.  Here is the site with previous episodes:

[http://www.filmstudybaltimore.com/podcast/](http://www.filmstudybaltimore.com/podcast/)

I've had Joe Goodberry (who was outstanding) on previously, but he can't do it this season.  Any suggestions are greatly appreciated.

Please contact me by Reddit DM or on twitter (also DM to FilmstudyRavens).

Thanks,

Ken"
I would reach out to Ben Baby. He's a good dude and knows his football.
"I may be a nobody, but I can pretend to know football. That’s what all the other color analysts do anyway."
"Balls being batted at the line of scrimmage. 

We have just about the same OL as we did last year, yet I can't recall a single batted down pass thown by Burrow. 

Just another element of JoeyB showing that he's truly not a rookie out there."
"Something I’m not used to seeing, is receivers catching balls in stride. That catch from Higgins was a beautiful play all around and his feet never changed their path. No double step, no jumping for the ball. Burrow’s clean on time passes will result in more yards after catch which is something the bengals have been lacking for years."
My favorite thing about Burrow so far is his ability to throw it JUST over the linebackers heads to our guys behind them. It’s insane.
"Good observation. I can't think of any either. Not sure if Joe has a higher release point or is better at navigating to open windows. Can't say I've seen a lot of, if any, pump fakes yet."
"Was literally talking about this during the game yesterday. Love Andy, but it was like every drive, at least 3 passes were tipped. I think Joe does a better job at disguising his eyes, makes it more difficult to gauge where he is going to throw the ball."
"Only been four games, but that did make me pull my hair out, especially the last few years of andy"
"But, but his tiny hands, surely they're an issue?!?!?!?/s"
"Joe is decisive and has a quick release, huge advantages when you have a mind for the game like he does. You see it game to game too, the offense generally gets better as the game goes on every week, he figures out defenses on the fly in addition to having great preparation. He's quite literally got the entire package as a passer minus the cannon arm, which are overrated anyway. He throws a beautiful pass that is very catchable and rarely puts the ball in harms way, pressure or not. Size, intelligence, leadership, work ethic, field awareness, decisive and good decision making, quick release, good mobility, great pocket presence, all there and all only going to get better as he gets more familiar. I would not be surprised if this team puts up 35 a game at some point in his career."
I didn’t consider this but yea that seemed to happen 3-4 times a game lol.
Yeah. Not sure why but Dalton had a real problem with that.
"Bengals Brawl Podcast - post game wrap up show!

&#x200B;

[https://open.spotify.com/show/10H6elPtwl9uE6xEHgBsCS](https://open.spotify.com/show/10H6elPtwl9uE6xEHgBsCS)"
""
"Hey Bengals fans, in our Monday Movers series, we're talking about teams, players and coaches who are trending up and down across the league. This week's episode featured the Cincinnati Bengals, specifically Joe Mixon who lit up the stat sheet and the scoreboard yesterday. Check it, and let us know what you think! Link is set to start at the Mixon segment.

Previous episodes:

[https://anchor.fm/2ndandshort](https://anchor.fm/2ndandshort)"
"Let’s keep milking some happiness out of this win while it lasts. What was your favorite play from yesterday?

I’ll take a less notable one, I absolutely loved this move by Joe https://youtu.be/pbjFUxemfXk?t=625 . Late in a one score game on our end, I’m sweating bullets thinking a loss is inevitable, and this guy is just so fucking calm. What an absolute legend"
Victory formation 😎
Joe Burrow pass to Tee Higgins where DJ Hayden played perfect coverage and would’ve absolutely made a play on the ball if Joe didnt throw it perfectly. The play was so close I was surprised Tee didn’t drop it just because
I think on 3rd down when the ball went to Eifert for a what’ve been conversion but Jessie Bates knocked it out
Jonah Williams swinging out as a lead blocker down the field. Love seeing him get after it after being on IR all last season.
"A very subtle one, but the short pass to Mixon with two defenders right on him that looked to have him stopped for a yard or no gain and he pulls such a subtle and shifty move and runs right by them for the first down.

Edit: 5:48 (also not necessarily my favorite but so underrated)"
"Mixon’s receiving TD. Easily a Sportscenter highlight, only outdone on the day by Brandon Aiyuk’s complete hurdle in the Niners game."
The play where it wasn’t Andy Dalton throwing 5 feet over his receiver’s head
""
All hail our franchise savior... Alex redmond
"Bleav in The #1 Bengals Podcast is available on many podcast apps.

  [RSS Feed](https://rss.art19.com/bleav-in-the-1-bengals-podcast) • [Podbay (web player)](https://podbay.fm/p/bleav-in-the-1-bengals-podcast?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=comment&utm_campaign=podcastsbot) • [Pocket Casts](https://pca.st/itunes/1530835181) • [Overcast](https://overcast.fm/itunes1530835181) • [Apple Podcasts](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/id1530835181) • [Podcast Website](https://art19.com/shows/bleav-in-the-1-bengals-podcast)
  
  ^(I'm an automated bot helping people quickly open podcast links in their preferred podcast app. More platforms are added by request when technically possible. [Send me a message to request](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=PodcastsBot))"
"I think the biggest impact was Redmond establishing the run for us. The writeup on Redmond is hes not a great pass blocker, but he effectively improves the pass protection by making the defense respect Mixon as a threat."
[deleted]
He is extremely good. I can't guarantee this production but I would expect his role to stay similar in games we don't get blown out.
Probably not the best time to trade for him right after his breakout game. We have Ravens and Colts the next two games and our Oline will likely be outmatched. Maybe you pull the trigger in a few weeks?
"Hell no he's not dropping 40 points a game lmao, but I'm sure the rest of the year will look closer to 16 points per game, instead of the 8.5 points he was putting up weeks 1-3."
"Mixon is good, but he doesn't get that kind of production when he's getting hit 2 yards behind the line of scrimmage every play due to poor offensive line play. The Jacksonville defense line just sucked enough for us to create holes, which Mixon is good enough to turn into touchdowns. Play him when facing below average defensive lines, sit him when against elite lines."
"I would not trade for him. Our offensive line played better but they’re still god awful. If you watched Joe run in the first half he was getting absolutely no where. When we started to take control of the game in the second half, the success of the passing game opened up the running game. 

What I did notice, however, was play calling to get joe out on tosses and WR runs/reverses/motions to keep the defense on there toes which also positively contributed. That’s a good sign because the coaches realize we can’t just straight ground and pound (see the first half) but time will tell if that formula works for better competition."
"He is truly an elite and special talent, not only that but a great person. It’s so nice to finally see an LSU QB shine in the pros. Don’t get me wrong, seeing all these other LSU guys light it up is amazing, but seeing Joe light it up is just different. Like I said before I’m so happy for y’all to get him and love him like y’all do and I’m looking forward to the many years he plays for y’all!

EDIT: Thank y’all for all the love, I love how welcoming this community is. My two teams are who Dey and who dat so it hasn’t been too hard an adjustment!"
Thanks breaux!
You are just a sweetheart. Thanks.
"Another transplant LSU/Bengal fan. I have never once seen a player come through LSU’s program with the perfect storm of ability/opportunity/mentality/humility before. I still have to pinch myself sometimes to remind myself that what he did last year (Perfect season, all the broken records, national championship, being the second Heisman winner in program history) actually happened. But when he spoke during his Heisman acceptance speech and chose to shine a light on the Athens county food bank, it cemented to me that he was different. He has always been outspoken on student athletes should be paid, he’s always been outspoken on racial equality, but to see him take the pinnacle moment of his career like that and consciously choose to use that platform to shine a light somewhere else speaks volumes about his character. I have never cared about an LSU player more than I’ve cared about him. He came down to Baton Rouge and embraced us crazy rednecks and coonnasses and we embraced him back. I’m so eager to see him continue to succeed in his career."
Here for the same reason u/ScoobLegend. We’ve had such bad-to-mediocre QB play at LSU for so long. To see a guy putting in work and succeeding in the NFL after all those years is such a great feeling. And Joe does seem to be a great human being as well. He’s an incredible get for the Bengals. I really hope he helps turn the franchise around quickly!
Go Tigers!!!  I love Orgeron
"I had the reverse happen. Assuming he was going to the bengals. I watched pretty much the entire LSU run. Cheering LSU/Burrow during the title game gave the game more meaning.

Burrow is already an all timer for me. I just like the way he approaches the game. I feel like we are never out of it! Go bengals!"
P.S. - Please spend the money to build this young man a respectable O-line.
we love him!
"Honestly, this past weekend got me the most hype about Burrow.  Our offensive line played well, albeit against the Jaguars rebuilt defense.  

We will see whAt happens this week, against the toughest D the bengals have faced so far this year"
We'll try not to break him into a million pieces...like we have up till now
So many new Bengals fans down here.
"He will have a statue infront of PBS (and LSU) one day. Until then, we will take good care of him!"
""
"“Wait, how is Joe Burrow up for ground player of th- oh, ohhhhhh, that Joe. Yeah, that Joe deserves it” - my slow brain"
Done! Should be a no doubt win for him. 6 YD per carry. Holy fuck.
Done
[deleted]
""
Not to mention 30 yds receiving and 1 TD
"We still have 5 incredibly beatable teams left this year. 

Texans 0-4

Giants 0-4

Washington 1-3

Dolphins 1-3

Cowboys 1-3"
6-9-1 here we come!!
In all seriousness I just wanna beat Pittsburgh it’s been too fucking long
"Texans are in such a bad spot right now that I agree


 Giants Defense is straight booty cheeks, and their offense is as well so I agree with this as well.


Washington gets slept on, but I think we lose that one. Their biggest strength is our biggest weakness, which is getting to the quarterback.


Dolphins I think is going to be our most competitive game this year because I think the teams are in a very similar spot skill wise so I look forward to that.


Cowboys will probably smoke us. Yeah their defense is bad, but they've been putting up crazy numbers, and I don't think our offense can keep up."
13-2-1 🥵
Cowboys incredibly beatable ... yeah no
"Dude we played baaaaad in the first two games and stilk only lost by one score. Joe is going to beat good teams this year, not just the bottom feeders"
"Browns Colts and even titans we could beat.

We almost beat the Browns last time. I think the Colts are a little over rated. And the Titans although they are good. They are very sluggish to start off their games if we get an early lead on them we could beat them.

Best case senario we go 9-6-1 and maybe just barely make playoffs. But I wouldnt set my expectations tooooooo high. A man can dream tho"
I could see us beating browns with Chubb out we stayed close in that game and maybe the colts
I'd be careful calling the cowboys incredibly beatable. They may be 1-3 but their offense is a powerhouse. Burrow will eat their swiss cheese defense up though.
"I know trade idea gets thrown around a lot when it comes to Ross, and I think most of them are warranted. After the last two games I think it's clear that we really don't need him with, tate, boyd, higgens, and thomas all arguably being more beneficial then he is. 


I think going after Wes schweitzer wouldn't be a terrible idea. If pff is anything to go off of he outperforms both our guards excluding xavier. He could be an upgrade at right guard until xavier returns, and slide in at left guard for an upgrade there. He's no world beater, or elite talent just better then what we have with a cheap contract.


I mean washington could use some offensive weapons, and having a deep threat like ross to spread the defense out might be something they go for. Also it seems schweitzer is just a fill in for Brandon scherff,(correct me if I'm wrong) who should come back in a few weeks meaning they wouldn't lose a key lineman in the deal, while getting a weapon to help haskins develope.

Just spit balling ideas for possible improvements on the line."
At this point I unfortunately think Ross has no trade value.
John Ross for a bag of used footballs sounds more likely
You couldnt get a bag of cheetos in a trade for Ross.
"I need him in madden to throw deep balls too, he sucks irl"
Deep threat? Ross? Lol no way... but hey who knows Washington might be dumb enough to go for it lol
"Im cool with trading him for anything. I’m a huge fan of deactivating him the last couple weeks, and personally I’d like to try to get a 6th or 7th rounder for him before the deadline. However, I’d also be cool with keeping him through the year and using him the way I’ve always felt is the best way to get the most out of his skill set. The guy is not a deep threat. He has bricks for hands, poor route running, and speed doesn’t make up for it when there is an NFL caliber safety that gets a 10 yard head start. It’s fair to say that’s he’s good for baiting a safety, but I don’t recall him ever catching a contested deep ball. However, he is solid in open space. I watch these designed screens to Higgins, Sample, Boyd, and whoever else, and I feel like that’s how Ross should be used. Throw the guy a short ball with designed blocks that requires no route running and minimal catching abilities and let him try to make a play. Hell, if you feel like he isn’t reliable enough to catch those, just try him out on some jet sweeps like we were running last game. I know he’s fumbled one before (lol), but I still feel like it’s worth an attempt."
We should have sent him to Houston while they had BoB. Only the worst GM in the league would offer something significant for Ross.
""
"I really like him in the box when we have starting caliber DTs healthy. He’s downhill and an explosive finisher when he’s free, he’s not great outside of that but compared to what we’ve had at linebacker since Tez left... i’m surprised ppl are dissin him this hard in the comments."
"I don't look at PFF but I have been impressed with Bynes' instincts in the first two games of the season, and less so after that. Early on he made multiple huge tackles that would have broken for huge gains full of missed tackles by other LBs and DBs which is a Bengals specialty."
"Pats fan here. Is AJ Green still a good wr? 

I haven't heard from him in years it seems."
Not the best. Great locker room guy. Looks like he runs with cement in his shoes though.
"He’s a good locker room guy and leader. Guys mentioned his speech before the game Sunday. On the field he hasn’t done much. His PFF rating is 51.2 and run defense rating is 48.6, which is why they signed him. And run defense is still an issue. But we’ll see if he improves with more time here"
"He was looking amazing in week 1 haha.. has trouble getting free off the block but our interior linemen have been banged up. I can’t wait until we have MD, Geno and DJ. That’s gonna make everyone else play better."
Questionable at best. Hopefully he leaks some trade secrets about the Ravens so the Bengals don’t get embarrassed Sunday.
"Hes okay but is probably most viewed as the veteran in a room of young guys with high potential.

Hasnt made me dislike him yet which is a new thing for bengals linebackers"
"Solid player, not amazing but he's a much needed vet presence in the LB room"
looks real slow
"Up and down. Thought he had a great game week 1 against the Chargers. Apparently he’s been a great locker room guy too, so hard not to like that. I’m glad he’s a Bengal."
It was reported that Bynes gave the team a speech on adversity and it was very well received amongst everyone. He seems to be a great leader
""
[deleted]
"Simply put, both are playing (or played in John’s case) poorly but I think AJ gives us the best chance to win. I think there’s a better chance that AJ figures his shit out or works through whatever he’s got going on than John does at learning how to catch and love himself."
This take is really really stupid. Just enjoy the win mate.
"Is Ross really a deep threat if he only catches perfect throws that land on his hands?  I agree with many of your points, but I just think Ross has had 2 years to figure it out, but just can’t."
Tee is a better deep threat than Ross.  Ross needs to develop better ball skills before he's helping the team on anything beyond a slant
""
"A couple years ago I had started doing these weekly.  It's purely PFF data, but graphically represented since it's easier than looking thru all of the various players.

I changed it a bit this year to have linemen as rectangles, the next level as rounded rectangles (TE & LB), outside players (WR, RB, CB, S) as ovals, and QB as a circle.

**Take-aways right now:** these all align with what I've seen watching games, but reinforced with this information.

* Carlos Dunlap is really sliding this year. 
* We *really* need Geno Atkins back as that would probably lift Dunlap, Hubbard and Lawson
* Our LB are only serviceable. 
* Trae Waynes was a needed piece as we don't have much at outside CB outside of WJ3.
* The line isn't good, but is better than last year. We really need guards.
* A.J. Green is not right. He can't separate, has no burst, and isn't a difference maker."
Very intrigued to see what happens when Sua-Filo gets back and potentially Waynes.
And this is why we drafted Tee Higgins unfortunately Father Time is coming for Green
Tyler Boyd is popping off this year for sure
"Should be added that Jesse Bates III is ranked the #1 Safety in the league.  Boyd is the ~~#4 WR~~ **#3 WR!!**, and Burrow is currently the #9 QB.

EDIT:  Scratch Boyd, as of this morning he is the #3 WR!!"
I like this format a lot. Nice work.
AJ you’re breaking my heart :(
Bobby Hart Greened up and quietly doing an average job???
The secondary tho....
Great job on this. I like the visuals.
"I don’t have the breakdowns but my eyes are telling me Boyd and Burrow got something special going on, AJ looks slow, and the lack of pressure by Dunlap and Hubbard is disappointing."
"100% expected Bobby Hart to be the worst starting lineman, but I guess Michael Jordan is only the GOAT in basketball 🏀"
"Man, every time I see AJ miss a catch or come up slow after what used to be a typical play for him I get legitimately sad. I hope he can get back to form in some way."
Markus Bailey and ADG... not great
"First impressions are, and I will say we are only a quarter a way through the season after an unprecedented and unusual offseason so these thoughts are subject to change (except the first one):

1) Reader is a great addition. Can’t wait to see what he does next to Geno. 
2) I have said this before that I hope we keep AJ at a *significantly* reduced rate next year as a fourth receiver, but mostly to continue his mentoring for Tee, Auden and any draftees in 2021 (Ja’Marr Chase, an unnecessary pick but worth dreaming about🤤). He is no longer the AJ we all love and remember. 
3) Ross should never touch the field unless injuries are a factor. He takes away opportunities from Auden, Williams and Higgins...you know players who are actually contributing and will be the future of the franchise. 
4) I drool and get giddy when I see Auden, Higgins and Boyd on that field. Boyd’s route running and hands, Auden’s and Higgins’ size and body control, PLUS chemistry with Burrow will be scary good. 
5)In what is his redshirt rookie season and after going up against some tough competition, Jonah is going to be a good (perhaps really good?) tackle. Depending how the 2021 draft/free agency plays out our offensive line may become serviceable or, dare I say it, *good*?!
6) Our young linebackers are playing like they are young and without the benefit of a preseason. I hope that is the explanation. Enough said. 
7) What I thought, and I suspect most of us thought as well, would be a distinct strength, our defensive ends generating a pass rush, has been a huge disappointment. Is it the lack of Geno and his generational level talent or something more? Employee96’s age, Lawson still not the same after his injury, Hubbard has hit his ceiling or a combination of factors? ...*cough* poor coaching? *cough* I think this has had more impact on our defense’s poor performance than anything else.
8) WJ3. Hmmmm, depending on where we are in the draft we may have some good options to replace you, which is an option if we have a good enough record that the top linemen are off the board. Are you good enough to sign long term and we still stick with BPA on the line or do you make us consider a Surtain II, a player I absolutely love?
9) Bates, I love you! I would have your babies except I don’t have a uterus, but my love for you is so strong I would like to find a way. We need to resign you now! Reader in the trenches, you in the backfield, now all we need is a roaming missle in the middle and we have a frightening core to our defense. 

Finally, thank you for doing these! Great for us fans who want to see some analytics made easy for us. Truly appreciated."
"Forgive me for this question as I don’t understand how PFF is tallied, but how is Joe Mixon only a 67.7? The dude went completely off the rails from a stats perspective."
Father time has come for basically all of our Lewis/Dalton/Green era players. I am not overly confident that Geno is going to come back and be a game-changer in the middle. Our poor drafting is really showing its face now.
"We are in the tineline where Bobby Hart is a better than AJ Green.

*Shudders*"
"Things are pretty interesting at WR. Back in 2015 when we had a strong receiving core we designed it like a Swiss-Army-Knife with a secondary emphasis on talent matchups. Marvin Jones (Speed/DeepBalls and #2), Mohammed Sanu (Slot, #3), AJ Green (Do-It-All Elite, #1), Brandon Tate and Gio (Mismatch/Burn a LB, #4). 

They all had different roles to play and usually couldn't defeat a corner of a higher status. Mohammed Sanu was usually not going to win vs CHJ, Talib, Adam Jones, Gilmore, Sherm, etc.

In 2014 we had the same guys but because AJ and Marvin Jones were injured (think back to the playoff game v Indy) Mo Sanu was vsing #1s and getting blanketed. But with everyone back in '15, he could play his role and beat up on people at his level.


It seemed like we were trying to do that again with Boyd and Ross draft picks. Possibly because that's what we saw success with OR because that's what Andy Dalton and Marvin Lewis liked.

Boyd worked out, Ross didn't. AJ got hurt, Boyd had to go against Gilmore(who would have locked up AJ)... 0 catches.


Then we get Zach Taylor AND Joe Burrow. Here is where we see the switch is ideology. Zach looks at the QB he just drafted and looks at what that franchise QB is comfortable with. He also looks at the play-action Run Pass system he wants to run. He looks at what's on the uptrend in his locker room before the draft (Auden Tate, Boyd, maybe AJ, Mike Thomas) and says Big Body WRs. We are doing jump balls, backshoulders, box out passes, Over routes, etc.

Where '15 Cincy had Wrs with different builds for different roles, '20 beyond Cincy will have a beast in the slot and multiple BIG BODY WRs who will make contested passes 70-30 balls.

Kinda cool seeing this change happening."
"Feels like a more substantial grade disparity between Mixon & Bernard, even though Gio’s had some tough runs so far. My patience with AJ is waning, but I can’t believe he’s regressed as much as these 4 games have shown."
"As much as it sucks to say, we shouldn't resign Green at the end of the year. He's a complete shadow of what he once was and is getting outplayed by a rookie. If he were pulling double coverages every snap it'd be different, but he's not even worth pulling the #1 DB to cover him. Maybe translate his money into two young WRs to grow with Burrow. I'm sure Green's leadership is great right now, but that's all he is offering."
It looks like we still need to improve our LB core. It’s a bummer that none of the rookies are really showing that they belong yet.
"I hope I’m welcome here. Really do love the visual representation and would love to know how easy it to replicate to other teams as I’m sure seeing things like this would help many fantasy owners. If not I may look to replicate for the Saints. 

Finally is it week 4 data or week 4 cumlative to include weeks 1-3 performances?"
"Why don’t you show love for Darius Phillips? I understand PFF doesn’t grade him fantastically, but his completion percentage is fantastic. Great ball skills? Nice visual representation. This is much easier to look at than my write-ups."
Do you have this graphic or even just the grades from the first 3 weeks??
This is awesome man. Thanks.
Jordan really should stick to basketball
Mixon had 3 TD's and 150+ yds rushing. What even are these numbers
Leshaun Sims probably nabbed the starting job from Phillips
"I made a post last year saying we should have traded AJ for a 3rd round pick or maybe even a 2nd rounder if the stars aligned.. I got a mixed bag of responses from this sub, but ultimately the consensus was to hold out hope for Greens big comeback. I moved to that camp too, but that hope is gone and I’m bummed we missed the window to trade him for higher value. Could have gotten a starting caliber tackle or guard for him in the first 3 rounds of this years draft. Ah well, at least we are keeping an all time great Bengal happy."
"Wow, the Jacksonville game must have given the O-Line an insane PFF boost. I’ve always enjoyed PFF, but very much take it for what it is: a compilation of stats and advanced metrics. They tell a story, but never the full story on a guy in my opinion. 4/5 of our linemen are not ‘average’ or ‘above average’. If they were, we wouldn’t be a 1 win football team right now."
""
"“Space Bengals are everywhere, and now a Big Ben has come to abduct farmer Zac’s bengals!”"
""
Wrong sub
ban this man
"Jaguars LT Cam Robinson underwent an MRI and avoided major damage on a knee injury suffered Sunday vs. Cincinnati. Jags will gauge how he's doing as the week goes

***

posted by [@JFowlerESPN](https://twitter.com/JFowlerESPN)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"This is a good thing for the Browns game coming up!

[https://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/nfl/bengals-can-have-12000-fans-at-upcoming-games/ar-BB19L7oj](https://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/nfl/bengals-can-have-12000-fans-at-upcoming-games/ar-BB19L7oj)"
Please wear your masks. I went on Sunday and the mask usage in the sections around me was depressingly low.
"Maybe this will mean cheaper tickets. I’d love to go to a game, but I can’t enjoy it just by spending $400 to get my fiancé and I into the game."
"Also the Colts had their attendance raised to 12,500. I snagged 2 tickets to our game in week 6 and there may still be some available. Real easy drive from Cincinnati if you've never been to Lucas Oil Stadium."
"""this is a good thing""

wish people would just be ok with not going, half the crowd shots last week showed horrible mask use"
"Health and safety > football games. 

Everyday and it's not even close."
I don't like this.
On the Bengals website you can sign up to be contacted to purchase the tickets. I just signed up
This makes me so happy.  I missed the opportunity last time because of technical issues.  I will NOT miss it this time.  If you have season tickets make sure you sign in AFTER the tickets go on sale.  If you are signed in to the website before you won't be able to see it until after you sign out and sign back in
That’s awesome. Hopefully the capacity can increase even more as the season goes on! (Safely ofc)
[deleted]
""
"The first domino should be, ""AJ Green injured ankle on first practice of training camp.""

That's what set the ball rolling for the #1 pick."
"Hopefully AJ, Geno and Dunlap will still be on the team when Joe wins his 1st of 20+ SB rings 🗿"
This is so dumb. There is no way they are winning 3 SBs in a row... it will be over a 4 year stretch.
"Even then, there would be that small group of fans still angry that we didn't draft Chase Young instead xD"
We can only hope
"I'm all about this team and being positive but those two words together seem past my lifetime, and I'm 34."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk7IDVzLiQo
"I’ll be straight with you guys, I was excited to see Joe get his first win Sunday. I also haven’t throughly enjoyed a Bengals QB play this much since Boomer when I was a kid and Carson’s early days. 

With that being said, the Jaguars were/are a paper team and it was imperative they win that game to get some positive momentum. The Ravens game is going to be a true indicator of where this team is at, get manhandled and blown out like a HS Team playing an NFL team, yeah there’s still big issues, stay competitive and lose by a score, things are moving in the right direction, win, well that speaks for itself.

I have faith Joe will have us in that game, unfortunately there’s 21 other players fielded and many of them I’m suspect on. 

Regardless, looking forward to Week 5! WHO DEY!"
I’ll allow it.
TIE
If only... I could die happy
Subscribe
r/agedlikemilk
As soon as the Packers win a few more titles I completely endorse handing over the reigns to Burrow.
[deleted]
""
">these boys

#

>are actually aforementioned boys"
When is the Burrow portion?
Go Bengals
""
"I hate seeing that pick on his stats. NFL needs a better way to allocate interceptions to the correct player. Like, just allocate the INT to the player that was responsible or split it like a sack stat if it’s a gray area."
"Don’t get me wrong, Burrow played well. But I had no idea Herbert had a heck of a game. I’m honestly surprised"
"Voted. What does everyone think about Justin Herbert?

I know I'm biased, but Herbert's throws do not seem as impressive as Joe Burrow's. 

Herbert seems to have the benefit of receivers that can get decent separation. 

I don't see many plays from that highlight reel where Herbert is ""threading the needle"", and throwing dimes. Maybe nickels, but not DIMES."
""
"He was cut by the patriots, and the 49ers. Our WR room is already solid. There is no reason for us to pick him up. Don't let the memory of what he was for us fool you into thinking he could be that for us now."
Too bad the Sanu Canoe can’t play guard. Our WR corps is one of the few spots at which we are full.
I still paddle the canoe. but we're full up at WR.
Vet min if anything for us. I’m not even sure he’d prove to be any better than WR5 mike Thomas and definitely prioritize Tate but I do like him as a person
Washed up and always overrated by this fan base.
lets be honest. green isnt who he used to be and ross is useless. that only leaves is 3 receivers for next year. maybe we should bring him in as a vet for the younger  wrs
Bring. Him. Home.
Pick him up!
""
You know what. I like it. A lot of times we’d pick from practice squad. Now we are going out and getting guys. Yee yee baby.
Veteran DT that we most likely need in place of Mike
""
"Ref said they’d like to keep Burrow around for awhile, but they didn’t flag any of the multiple late hits on him."
Lol everyone loves Burrow
"[Here](https://twitter.com/NFLFilms/status/1313520165796143107?s=20) is the one from the final play of the game ""Victory on 1""  ""Ahhh that felt good"""
Shoutout to Josh Allen for not completely railing him on that play
"""We'd like to keep you around for a while.""

Awwwwwww"
""
