text
""
We really need to let Trace Mcsorley shine
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Joe Flacco gets too much hate even though he has a winner mentality and is cracked on the football. May Lamar Bless his soul and we shall receive the fated Jets v Ravens superbowl
"This is the one that lived, Flacco is Good"
He throws such a nice spiral.
“Jets V Ravens superbowl” 🧐
[removed]
[removed]
Hey man can you guys do us a solid and beat the Steelers? ❤️
Probably going to play you in The WC unless you beat the Steelers
"As far as a normal team would go, pretty well!

But as far as our expectations for the season I’d say pretty meh.

The defense is incredible but our offense seems to be missing a spark a lot the time. It’s like we had such a great pace and rhythm last year and this year it’s like sometimes we try to force too much and aren’t finding a rhythm until later in the game. Personally I think a lot of that is because of how much better our whole line was with Yanda last year. Still a lot of season left to get really rolling though"
I am both optimistic and pessimistic about this season. The Bills are my backup team tho because of Diggs so blesséd be thy season.
Would be great if you guys throw the assist in a few weeks
Bro i fucking love josh allen and diggs. If we can't win it all I hope you guys do.
Honestly I’m mad jealous of your WR’s
"I love Buffalo (the city) I was out there for the game last season.  Fans were great. I had a great time. 

Duffs>Anchor Bar"
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"3 things real quick:

1. Reddit chat is an unholy mess of a feature. However as it seems our last brave volunteer to mod the chat has realized how thankless the job is and right now that opening is completely vacant and will accept almost any volunteers. ( Feel free to apply here if you are feeling masochistic ) 

2. I'd actually rather discourage the use of a half-baked feature from reddit. In fact if what your craving is chat style way of engaging with other fans I'd recommend discord... In fact I'll even plug [this bad boy](https://discord.gg/h6Zakuvaer). It's likely the largest active one at the moment and I'd bet its more well run than this sub

3. Now I'm a little hesitant to say that this our official discord however because I don't want to discourage anyone else from creating any other fan specific discords. Maybe you've always wanted non-knee jerk reactions and deep draft analysis or somewhere to stick your unpopular opinions where you won't get downvoted to oblivion. But anyway feel free to create, discuss and advertise any discords you want in this thread if you peak at the big one and don't like what you see. (unlikely imho)"
"Hello /r/ravens subreddit!

I am the creator of the discord linked as an alternative chat. The mod team and I have been doing what we can to grow out our community to make it even more rocking during games, and even just a place to chill with people you know you have -something- in common!

On the discord we have killer emotes that you can't have on reddit, We have a person who has been creating wallpapers for your PC or Phone from requests, Discord also allows for fairly seamless embedding of pictures straight into the chat in live time, you wont have to click a link to see that Meme someone else posted!

&#x200B;

We have some verified members of  the Ravens Marching Band that chill out with us, and are in the works of trying to get an AMA with them going.

We are currently shooting for Partner Status on discord and could use more people who are actively talking in order to hit that mark! We are trying to organize some game night stuff like Jack Box party games as well as Among us nights!"
I've got a lot of time on my hands. How much time needs to be put into moderating the chat? If it's just as simple as removing any mean or unproductive posts then I'd be ok with modding the chatroom
The discord is great. It’s perfect for gameday especially with a load of people in there during the games. But lots of chatter in between the games during the week too.
""
Love this teams culture
"Bro, bro bro bro, bro? Bro!"
[deleted]
"Lmao, glad I earned my rent free place in your head"
"Can someone remove this post? Can we get a mod? This isn't Ravens related...

We have enough trolling as it is. We don't need to troll other people. It's the internet. We have enough of that everywhere else."
Slayerdown is a little cuck
[deleted]
""
"Lol perriman just dropped a perfect TD pass...ahhh, the memories"
"Come on, Flacco!
Do what the Cowboys almost did.
This was a strange week in NFL.
Let's see that spark back! (After yesterday, it can happen)"
I will always have nothing but love in my heart for that man and what he did for us.
"No matter how average he was, his super bowl run was the stuff of legends. 

Just watching the anthem it panned over to Flacco and it looked like he was a little teary eyed although maybe ik wrong. 

Hoping he has a good game, just like in Fitzmagics case...you never know when your final snap might be as a starter, hopefully he does well tonight."
Flacco ➡️ Perriman
Aaaand perriman drops a TD pass. Old habits.
"18/33. 195. 1 TD.
That takes me back."
He had an Elite first half
It is still weird to see him in a green helmet...
That elite perriman flacco combination
"A TD to other former washed-up Raven Breshad Perriman??

New York Ex-Raven in full effect."
"I guess I'm the bad guy by pointing out that the INT was a bad mistake, and taking the sack on the last possession led to the winning FG."
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Lol man i don’t remember xenophobia being this funny
[removed]
Was a nice drive from Flacco. He does throw a pretty ball.
"I feel like I'm watching the 2017 season. First down run, second down run, third down pass dropped lol."
"God he sucks. Attack the ball, bro. You’re in the NFL you should know how to catch a ball and it’s not like a punt."
I remember him doing that exact same thing against Cincy at some point
Crazy how he can’t catch because Perriman is big
""
Joe can’t escape Perriman’s mediocrity
Now do one where Perriman catches a 50yd TD pass from Flacco
Poor Joe can't get away from that bum
Come on man that was perfect throw from an ELITE QB and you drop that pass smh.
Dont worry just connected for 50 lol.
Sorry for hitting you in the hands....
Perriman’s about to get hot!
You had you chances
Imagine my shock 😑
That was a dime from joe too. Vintage pass right there
It’s still weird seeing the 2 of them. Flacco dropped a dime and Perriman did what he does. Flacco looked good on that drive.
Ptsd 🤦‍♂️
Off a perfect pass from Flacco too lmao.  He was showing him how to catch it after the FG too on the sideline.
Right??? That would have been awesome to start.
Perfect pass by flacco to the end zone and he drops it. All is right in the world once more
I blame Ozzie for drafting Perriman way too high
Breshard Perriman still dropping passes from Flacco smh
""
Right after that pretty good first down catch as well.
He just made up for it lmao
He looks sharp so far
Biggest draft bust 🤬
nothing has changed then
""
Yea their were some better receivers that year for sure but he is still a good one and could start for any team in the league and as u mentioned it could be a lot worse
He still can be hill to our mahomes but we cant use him
AJ Brown was in that class too. Low key a very productive class
"I still think he can be a good, even great receiver. If we had last year's OL and more confidence to throw deep routes (especially touch passes), I think he'd be a deadly receiver. There's several factors working against him right now, unfortunately."
"I was one of the guys that wanted N'keal bad because of his hands and blocking ability... 

Thank God im not the GM"
Not gonna lie....I really wanted Harry in that draft. Good thing Decosta didn’t want him
I think when we compare Hollywood to other receiver's In his class and who we should've drafted we should always consider that Lamar wanted hollywood and the team got him
Brown is too small to be a WR1. Would be the top slot receiver in the league.
"I mean.. it's the nature of the draft.. there were great receivers in that class Harry, AJ Brown, Hollywood, Deebo Samuel, Mecole Hardman.. not only that.. but these guys all went ahead of Metcalf.. he was the last pick of the 2nd round.. EVERYONE passed on him at least twice including the Seahawks..

All that to say.. everybody comparing Hollywood to DK is retarded."
""
""
"Flaccoface is the new Pokerface.
And honestly, many young Qbs can learn a lot from it."
...having to lineup at wideout as a decoy with Lamar in the backfield
"I low key kinda really miss Flacco. Nothing to do with his ability or Lamar’s abilities, just always liked Flacco himself."
"~~Denny\[ ' \]s~~ Dennis is out of chocolate milk, but he has plenty of cinnamon buns. Let's all primp our hair & watch *The Bachelorette* together!"
😂
Touchdown to Perriman!
And the Jets take the lead!
"Im happy for Flacco. Watched him grow up here in Baltimore, so I’ll always root for him."
Finally!!!!
"Great touch on the ball, still always amazed when Perriman holds on."
THERE GOES FLACCOOOOO I LOVE HIM
ELITE
joe still has that cannon
"BIG DICK JOE BIG DICK JOE

IF ONLY THIS CONNECTION WAS THERE 3 YEARS AGO"
"Goddamnit I'll turn it on then, shit"
"I hit my weed pen before watching this, tell me this is 2020"
I love how we're celebrating this. You guys are my people! I love it!!!!
I saw that and said fucking bruh
👀
My Elite Dragon 💜🖤
Awesome!! I love to see it!!!
I'll always have his back for that legendary SB run.
Our boys are fighting out there! Hopefully Flacco beats the Pats like the old days!
Both TD passes were dimes. Flacco and Perriman finally molding together like we hoped all these years.
"Joe Flacco has 3 TD passes in a game against the Patriots for the 4th time in his career (including playoffs). - @jamisonhensley

Most Games with 3 TD passes vs Pats since 2000:

* Peyton Manning: 6

* Joe Flacco: 4

* Russell Wilson: 3"
And he caught it!
"Where was this, like ever?!?"
"Take it back now y'all, two times this time"
2nd time tonight
"Joe Flacco-Breshad Perriman connection - @jamisonhensley

From 2015-17 with Ravens: 3 TDs

Tonight vs. Patriots: 2 TDs"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Just awesome! Happy for Joe and Perriman. Made up for the last dropped TD.
[removed]
" N.v uyyhf ccx oszlm w,"
[removed]
against the patriots! Definitely rooting for Flacco to pull off the upset
Never stop Flacco love.  Elite.
E L I T E
[removed]
Joe montana is finally in elite company i see
ELITE DRAGON
ELITE
""
I love that we all still fucking love and support Flacco on this sub. Really happy to see it
Put Joe in the HoF you cowards
"Joe Flacco has passed Joe Montana for 20th on the NFL All-Time passing yards list. Real stat.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[removed]
He has 1100 yards...in 3 seasons since he left the Ravens. He still stinks.
He already had a big drop
"There was a lot of bad to mediocre receivers at the top of that draft.  Dorian Green Beckham, Devin Funchess,  Devin Smith, Philip Dorset, Perriman, Agholor, and Kevin White were all taken top 50.  The exceptions were Amari Cooper and Devante Parker who just turned it around in his 5th year."
""
Flacco will always be a Raven (at least to me). I’m happy to see him succeed.
[removed]
E
Nice throw and catch. Vintage Flacco. Can't help but cheer for the Jets this game. Makes it easier when it's against the Pats
"The Baltimore Jets lol Great to see Flacco slinging it out there. 

Now if only the Jets could trade us Mekhi Becton, I do believe we have a 5th rounder to throw up"
""
That pass to Perriman for the 50yd tid was vintage Joe.
JOE FLACCO IS ELITE BABY LETS GO! HES GOING TO BEAT THE PATS ONE LAST TIME!!!
I love getting to root for Joe again like this. Joe tossing dimes tonight!
And he just dropped a DIME to Crowder! This game is brining a tear to my eye
He just hit them with another FLACCO special
The road for him to get from 96 to 100 career wins has been brutal
"Joe will always be my ELITE Quarterback. After living through the years of Wright and Boller, having a competent Quarterback was an unknown feeling. I feel like if you didn't live through those terrible, ***terrible*** years you won't be able to appreciate Joe -- especially with all these quarterbacks throwing for 5k yards a year."
I'm hoping he beats the Patriots one more time for nostalgia! I love seeing joe and perriman playing well
Look at Perriman's hands! I don't even recognize him! Awesome.
r/agedlikemilk
Holy shit that TD to Crowder
I didn't realize how much I missed watching the elite dragon shit all over the Patriots. I am thoroughly enjoying this.
"This has been the game of the week for me.  Miss the best QB in Ravens history(so far).



That TD pass to Crowder is easily one of the best thrown TDs of the week.  Had an absolute small window to get that in there and he made it look easy.  Great play by the WR there as well to get both feet in bounds.  And of course it's not vintage Joe without a huge OPI there as well.  Getting to see it all."
"On this glorious Monday, November 11th, 2020 night, Joe Flacco has reverted back to his 2012-'13 playoff form. Even if it's for one game only, the Elite Dragon has risen! (Also, Breshad Perriman is in the process of having at least the second best game in his career because why not.)

**UPDATE**: Well, Flacco just threw an interception. I guess the return of the Elite Dragon was fun while it lasted. He was at his Super Bowl-winning playoff form for three quarters only to become what he was like during his last few years in Baltimore when it mattered most in the 4th quarter. Still, it was nice to see Flacco perform like his old self perhaps one last time in primetime."
I can't believe the Patriots are this bad. It's mind blowing.
"THIS IS THE JOE I KNOW!!! ALWAYS SHOWS UP AGAINST THE PATS BABY :')

EEEEEEELIIIIIIIIIIITE"
"Poor Patriots, having to play Joe Flacco and the Ravens in back to back games. And by ""poor Patriots"", I mean HAHAHAHAA!"
This is on me guys - as soon as I started talking shit to my Patriot fan friends he immediately thew that pick.
Go joe cool!!
"Good for Flacco man. Would've really appreciated this connection with him and Perriman in 2017, but I'm happy for him."
EliteDragonFlacco > Montana
Until he didn't......again
Flacco is slinging it tonight
ELITE.
So F'n ELITE
"you should have waited till after the game

totally jinxed it and caused that interception....hope he still pulls it out tho"
"Damn, Jets took an L. What a good game though."
Just got intercepted
And they blow it for him by touching the guy on the ground with 3 seconds left instead of letting the clock run out lol.
"Anddddd, it's gone."
Well the carrying the jets past the Patriots thing didn't age as well as any of us would have liked lol
One of the best deep ball throwers of all time in all honesty
I’ll never understand the hate the fanbase has for Joe
"I am so pumped! Get 'em, Joe!"
Fucking legend dude. Flacco still elite!
So elite!
The Dragon!
"Twelve men on the line?! Giving away a first down inside your 10?! Come on, Jets, you're killing Joe's night!"
🐐💜
Does seeing all those hook ups between Joe and Perriman make anyone a little jealous that this never panned out for us?
"I'm not gonna lie... I'm kinda gutted they lost...

Pretty nice to hear his 180, he somehow manages to put the letter R in that a few times."
Well I kinda need the Jets NOT to start winning games for.... Reasons.
He still loves to take the sack on big plays. Can't say II miss that. He still has a cannon though.
"vintage flacco is my entire teenage years, I love this man so much"
"As a Browns fan, it’s great to see him out there winning. Even better that it’s not against us for the 300th time. Guy has got a cannon."
Bill is purposely losing out so he gets Trevor first overall calling it now.
this whole thread needs to be nuked.
"""goat"" ""20th"" ;)"
"Ravens fans hardon for this guy is weird as hell. I live near Green Bay and would never see this ga-ga crap for Favre after he left. Course, you guys don’t have Rodgers for your next franchise QB. 

Is this like pining over your ex after you see them at the mall with someone else?"
So you mean to tell me Flacco and Perriman couldn’t do this in Baltimore? Kinda pisses me off seeing this.
""
That bomb to Crowder!
He just dropped a fucking dime!
Dimes!!!!
Can the Elite Dragon fuck up the Pats one last time?
God damn flacco is a cooking rn
That was our quarterback.
Fucking beautiful throw
GOAT
E L I T E
This is wild!
that’s my super bowl mvp 😤
Fuck man that was absolutely gorgeous
Flacco v Pats in primetime. Clutch.
"Jets passing game looks better than ours....

Hoping we can really light up this pats defence when we play them.

Edit: if we can get a passing game complimented with a run like the second half to the colts game, I think we can really score nicely on this team. I feel confident our defence can keep this team in check."
This Patriots OL is going to get Cam fucking murdered next week
I LOVE IT
[deleted]
[removed]
I hope he bears new england. That would be hilarious. Fuck the patriots.
That 40 yard DPI penalty was vintage Joe flacco. Was beautiful to see. Brought a tear to my eye.
His deep throw to perriman was beautiful. Happy to see him. But Seeing perriman....oh what could’ve been.
"I’m on here shitting on him nonstop, but that last TD was a thing of beauty."
You think he'll come back and help Lamar find his arm again?
""
""
It’s nice to see flacco lighting it up w his deep bombs again.
Flacco to Perriman!
Flacco will always be my quarterback
"Yeah, it’s nice, but the pats will get Trevor Lawrence at this rate.  I don’t want the pats to succeed ever again."
We spoke too soon
Game hasn't been over for 5 minutes and this already didn't age well.
"Not gonna lie, with Lamar’s recent struggles I started to miss him"
Don't you love it when all he needs to win is a first down and he has a dude wide open just past the yellow line but he holds it to try and bomb it down the field and then gets sacked and that gives the other team the ball back? Don't you love that?
I love Joe but he always needed a defense
[deleted]
[deleted]
Can't believe he beat Suggs
Got his hair game sorted out about 5 years ago and never looked back.
[But he mustn't forget where he came from](https://baltimore.cbslocal.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/15910056/2019/02/gettyimages-110699916.jpg?w=1024&h=0&crop=1). I'll never forget when he looked like Burt from Sesame Street.
""
What did the Steelers do to ours?
[removed]
Flacco balling
This can’t be real life lol
Pats getting FLACCED
This shit is insane. And I’m loving it lmao
Another one!
This is evidence we live in the matrix
Dropping some beauties. He looks very comfortable.
Iron Dick Joe lives to fuck up the Patriots!
"Flacco is killing it. Best game of his since 2018 wk 1. I think this game will keep him in the league as a backup. A few more good performances will result in a team considering him as a bridge qb.

On another note, i watched several bucs games last yr bc i wanted to see the jameis rollercoaster in action. Perriman was good last yr. He was uncoverable at times."
If Mosley was playing this would have been 2017 all over again
These commentators really went the pats to win. They talk like they’re already going to comeback and win.
[removed]
Elite dragon
Patriot slayer
Hot take (and not 100% convinced I’m right): we give up on pass catchers too soon
""
[At least Joe Flacco's model here got a decent upgrade since the last time ESPN used this animation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/MNFgifs/comments/9gra1y/joe_flacco_dancing_raven/)
"such a monstrous playoff run he had, absolute elite teams he beat on the way to our 2nd ring"
"Only meaningful stretch of his career where he was above average. 

Besides this he’s never had 4 consecutive games of 100+ passer rating or 4 consecutive games without a pick."
[deleted]
Loving all the Joe love in here tonight.
Is Elite
Joe Flacco
"Joe ""Joe Flacco"" Flacco."
Joe Flacco
Throws a pick
""
Seeing Flacco triggers their PTSD.
""
"God I miss joe, but sure as hell don’t miss stone hands perriman"
[deleted]
[removed]
You jinxed it
Agreed!
[removed]
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but he just threw a pick :(
"I saw some posts here about the  Flacco to Perriman connection. I thought to myself, ""yeah, let's get in on that, be nice to watch Flacco do well again!"". First offensive play I see... Flacco throws into double coverage and gets intercepted. Sigh.

Don't get me wrong, I have really fond memories of Flacco between 08 and 14. But damn, he somehow found a way to disappoint me one last time, lol

Edit: I can't spell.... As demonstrated by the title"
"He's going to pull the W here! It's coming!
We couldn't expect him to be completely accurate after all this time.
The losing streak for the Jets end tonight 💯


.... Might be a bad take, but I'm sticking with it lol"
Same! Got on the couch and the first play I saw was the interception
[deleted]
is the game still on?
Man he sucks. If we don't win by more than 14 next week I will be disappointed. Guy has no accuracy at all
Honestly a shame he’s declined this much. His 2015 season was pretty legendary. He’s definitely still feeling the effects of some shoulder injury though because even though he’s never been the most accurate qb it’s especially bad now. It’s easy to look competent vs the jets defense but it’s not gonna be easy for them vs us especially with hump back
Peters will eat these deep balls to no one
We’ll be as good as the pressure we can bring.
"I honestly think he's still fine enough but that Patriots offense has 0 talent around him. Brady looked even worse last year and he has been at least competent with a reasonable supporting cast in Tampa. So we should still be blowing them out, especially if Marlon is back."
Is marlon back against them??
"Seems like it should be easy enough. Just clog the middle with bigs, he’s too slow to get the edge. Stay in his face and he’ll chuck it to no one plenty of times."
"He seems really reluctant to step into his throws. Dude needs to just sling it, I know he can. 

Better wait another week, though."
""
"In 3 seasons (29 games) not in Baltimore, Perriman has already caught 10 TDs.

In 2 seasons (27 games) in Baltimore, he caught 3 TDs, all in his first season."
"I think it proves that he was nowhere near his first round pick level, but had the potential to become good. It’s unfortunate that our ability to develop WRs seems to be the worst in the league"
[deleted]
I predict another deep pass.... And a w for the Jets lol
"Still throwing pics and taking sacks at the worst possible times. I’m rooting for ya bud, but it’s bring back all kinds of pain..."
"2012 Joe for 3 quarters, 2018 Joe for the most important"
Oh well... It was still good to see that spark from Joe. He definitely had his moments tonight.
Quite an extensive celebration for the pats after *barely* beating a winless team. Really enjoying watching them struggle this season
"High key sad Flacco couldnt best the pats but low key happy the pats won because I wouldnt want to play the pats after they got embarrassed in prime time against the worst team in football. It wouldve felt like a definite trap game. If second half ravens from yest come out we should stomp NE next week, but if first half ravens come out itll be a looooong night."
I feel terrible for Joe. Played a hell of a game
Omg the jets fuckin suck
"Even so, I still feel if Joe played like this while with The Ravens, he doesn't lose this game.  

We were fortunate to have some of the best defensive players in the history of The NFL to keep us from losing a game like this.

At least it was fun to watch.  Joe looked like he was having fun out there.  The Jets are just an overall dumpster fire."
"Still taking the blame for SHIT defense to, it seems."
Im pretty sure gase or douglas had to tell him they were tanking
"Anyone notice how if a play doesn’t immediately go Joe’s way, he’ll just give up? No improvising whatsoever."
Time for Newton to throw a int
I can't wait til Sunday night
"On one hand I'm bummed cuz I hate seeing joe lose.

On another, I'm happy as nothing would make me happier then seeing the jets to winless!"
From ELITE to DEFEAT in a single drive.
[removed]
Lamar will stunt on those practice squad hoes
[removed]
[deleted]
ok
"You’re so fucking toxic, holy shit"
"Well I taught the second cousin of the ravens water boys step father, who married the Monday night football camera guys sister..... wtf is this nonsense you attempted to ""teach"" LMAO"
"Lamar didn't lose one, Lamar played this week without three"
[deleted]
[removed]
What are you talking about
[deleted]
You probably jinxed it. It should be coming soon. He’s slowly breaking down. A different injury on the injury report every week. Love Jimmy though
Fucking delete this you dolt
[removed]
""
"While you're here, come see us on the Ravens Discord. [https://discord.gg/h6Zakuvaer](https://discord.gg/h6Zakuvaer)"
"I MISS HIM SO MUCH

Great work btw."
[deleted]
""
"Lol, ""professional"" debaters."
""
A few years ago Ben wore a walking boot on his *non-injured* leg so the injured one wouldn’t be targeted in the game. Tomlin is a sneaky SOB.
Fat Ben is a tough fucker I hate him but the dude does not go down easily
that's peak shittsburgh right there
Nothing his trusty walking boot can’t fix!
it’s duck time boys 😈
Ben’s a great faker. One of theee best👍.
And now he’s on the COVID list
How many times has this dude played hurt. Seriously we all remember when Ngata broke his nose and didn’t he finish the game?
Ben is like if Shrek was a Saiyan.
I guess the refs aren’t taking money as payment anymore...
Bring out the painkillers!
"Ben and his tall tales. 🙄

Dude loves to exaggerate how injured he is."
"Listen up, kids. You want to know who was tough? The Elite MFing Dragon. That's who is tough. Joe took the same hits as Ben. He would just go out there and play. Torn ACL? Fuck you all, I can line up in shotgun. You didn't hear about it from Joe sometimes until \*weeks\* after he'd been hurt, like a thigh injury that limited him for half a season. Remember Kiko Alonso knocking him out, on a dirty play? You probably do. Remember what Joe said about it, afterward? ""It was an NFL play."" Never complained, and if he could help it, you never even knew.

Fuck this drama queen."
"lol this is so on point! The second I saw this I was like...I'm sure he will say ""I'm fine"" and sure enough LOL"
At least we don’t have to deal with him after this year since he said he was going to ride out his current deal and then who knows what’s gonna happen to a broken down Ben
Is Pittsburgh’s backup still Hodges and/or Rudolph
He hasn't reached his final form yet
"I don't get why so many people in here insist that he fakes injuries.  The man took an absurd amount of sacks in the first half of his career, and that wear and tear builds up.  He's avoided season ending injury most of the time, but I guarantee you he's been playing with chronic pain for a long time.  Adrenaline takes care of most of that once the game gets going, but as an athlete I can tell you the day after is brutal.  This is why he's constantly on the injury report.  Also, the NFL requires teams to report injuries accurately, so Ben is supposed to be honest about whatever pain he's feeling.  It's not drama, it's him following protocol. 

I understand why it gets old hearing about how ""tough"" he is from commentators all the time, I really do.  I don't really think he should be praised any more than any other player, since I promise you most linemen and other guys who deal with the bulk of the contact are dealing with chronic pain in some way from all the built up damage to their bodies.  It's part of the game of football.  However, to suggest that Ben is faking injuries is asinine.  He's injured, just not seriously enough to keep him out of the game.  He's not on social media whining about how much pain he's in, he's just listed on the injury report because he's REQUIRED TO BE if he's injured.  That's it.  It's not his fault the media jumps all over it every time."
Dude is tough as nails but football has likely messed up his body for life.
"You know, I wish one of the chicks he raped took him out. Maybe he will reinjure his elbow beating off to porn. Seriously fuck Ben."
"When people were talking about Ben being back this year, I said, he won't make it through the season without injuries. It's been awhile since he played all 16 games in a season."
""
EDC at it again! 👏
"Ravens CB Tavon Young agreed to a reworked deal in which $2.514M of his base salary for 2020 was converted into a signing bonus &amp; his non-guaranteed $5.5M base salary in 2021 was dropped to $2.65M guaranteed. Cap space for Ravens, guarantees for Young, who has been oft-injured.

***

posted by [@FieldYates](https://twitter.com/FieldYates)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
wonder if that means they are gonna try and pickup another corner
It’s looking like we are going to sign someone then probably Tramon Williams to a one year deal.
"Probably a good deal for both sides.

Ravens get some cap space this year/next year, Tavon gets more guaranteed money and virtually assures that he's gonna be on the team in 2021, so he won't be looking for a new team coming off an ACL tear in a year where the cap is much lower."
Nice. Seems like a fair deal for both sides and helps us with cap space
"i really wish he could stay healthy. when he has been on the field, he's really solid."
"I honestly really like this. Not only do we get to cut his salary because of the injuries, but in case he comes back and does something, we can keep him. Tavon is a really good CB that just has shit luck with injuries. The question is how will he recover, and if he has a good recovery and avoids future injuries, this could be an excellent deal."
He's not the guy I would've chosen for a restructure.
""
Duv needs more touches. Look no further than Snead getting ran down by Spillane for reasons why.
Duv is fast af!
Get that man the ball!
His acceleration when he turns the corner on that kick return is insane
Duvernay IS speed!
Duvernay NEEDS to get the ball more
""
fuck covid>>>fuck the steelers
Vaccine news is promising at least
"fuck the steelers but I hope nobody gets it too bad.

&#x200B;

....except maybe the rapist"
"They have all the luck, so I’m sure he’ll pass all his tests and be back for the game."
Damn hopefully its all good
Does this affect playing time on Sunday? Big Ben is on that list.
"Not only did Flacco pass Montana in yardage for his career, but he did it by doing what he did for the majority of his career in Baltimore: chucking up a beautiful deep ball for a TD, to non other than PERRIMAN.

2020 is wild."
To Perriman no less
Where was this dynamic duo 3-5 years ago?!?
"Plus that ending was classic 2-minute Flacco:

Jets need to get in field goal range or at least move the chains to burn some clock. Flacco checks-down, gets sacked, and then overthrows a guy to go 3-and-out, leaving the opponent enough time to march down the field and score a field goal of their own."
\#FreeJoe
Looked like 2010-2012 Joe.
The current usage of iconic is approaching wholesome status. But I do agree with the gist of your idea.
"11/15: SNF at Patriots

11/26 (Thanksgiving): SNF Thanksgiving special at Steelers

12/3: TNF vs. Cowboys

12/14: MNF at Browns

Out of all of these games, the only home game is TNF against Dallas. I'm hoping wear all black for that game. 😈"
"Nice, get to have my sunday afternoons free."
"Thursday into Thursday into Monday is amazing scheduling for us. If you have to have 2 Thursday games, back to back is the best way to do it, and then we go from the second one into an 11 day break before a Monday night game"
And suddenly it sucks to live in Europe :(
Hard to believe Thanksgiving is just two weeks away.
"This will be fun. A great chance to redeem themselves after the only other primetime Ravens game this season. And the only non primetime game in this mix is the Titans. Excited!

Also FYI edit the 11/26 to TNF."
Makes me feel like a fool for getting Sunday Ticket this season.....
"We could honestly go 4-0 in these games. Cowgirls will be starting some random qb along with an awful defense, we can probably play at 70% and beat them. Pats d is still decent but their offense is devoid of playmaking and cam is broken right now. Steelers we already almost beat while having 100 penalty yards and 4 turnovers, if we cut down mistakes we should definitely beat them. And...the browns are the browns. We should be sitting at 10-2 and maybe the steelers will have lost another one and we’ll be in good position to take the division. I mean at worst I’d see us getting through this at 2-2 I just don’t think the cowboys or pats have the offensive ability to beat us, even when our offense sucks we end up scoring over 20."
"Hooray, I can watch just Redzone instead of Redzone on my TV and the Ravens on my computer now"
"Fuck....

As a European using Gamepass this is a royal PITA because the new layout spoils the results since this season.

Edit: I found how to hide the scores... It's a weird ass button but it's right there when you click on your account name... How did I miss that."
As a fan in Europe this is going to wreck my sleep schedule.
Ugh... gonna have to tell my boss that I need a few days off it seems.
"4-1 record in the next 5, with a win vs Pitt, is preferred if not 5-0. 3-2 could really suck seeing as how we SHOULD end the season on a 3-0 streak. Would much rather be trending 13-3 than 12-4 since Pitt is still undefeated late in the season."
I love how the one that isn’t primetime is against the Titans which would make one of the better primetime games
Time for Lamar to prove he CAN win big  primetime games and shut everybody up! Lets remind them why he won MVP last year
I loved when we wore black jerseys and purple pants vs the browns. It looked fucking sick
...somehow i'm working all of those
Theres no chance we dont black out our jerseys right?
Here in the UK and very envious! Just booked 4 more mornings off work! Cheers for the update
Damnit i work the 3rd and 14th.
Not really good to wake up at 2 am in Europe :(
"Hi everyone! Sorry if this post doesn’t fit here, I’m trying to figure this out and I appreciate all the help in advance

My name is Isaac I’m from New York. Me and my girlfriend are diehard ravens fans and we’ve been dying to go to a game together. I noticed that the November 22nd game at home against the titans is limited attendance and I wanted to know how (if possible) I could get my hand on some tickets. I read online that they offer the tickets to season ticket holders only, and if by the off chance anyone here has season tickets and can’t attend, I’d love to purchase the tickets from you.

Her birthday is that week and it would be SO amazing if we could drive down for a game.

Thank you all and go ravens!!!"
"For the Steelers game, a lot of season ticket holders sold on stubhub anyway. Just be prepared to pay several times face value."
"I heard they let the season holders have first dibs, the other tickets will be released to the public a few days before the game"
"There’s a lottery for tickets. Season ticket holders I think are first up for them, and I think anyone else who wants them probably has to go stubhub for people selling tickets they got to buy through the lottery"
""
The live production nerd in me is only looking at that epic rigging and line array waaaaaay up there.
https://twitter.com/shawn_hubbard/status/1325897266624917505?s=21
Such a great shot!
Shawn Hubbard is the goat of NFL photography. His work is epic.
They literally have a banner for their 41-0 wild card loss in 2002 lmao
Watch out they make try to steal him in the middle of the night along with most of those banners.
Looking at all those banners
[deleted]
[deleted]
I was thinking about this recently. I don't think we really have that ONE iconic WR. But maybe I'm just not remembering someone. I know we've always had problems getting WRs but out of everyone we've had who do you think is the best?
"Best receiver that has played for the Ravens? Steve Smith Sr. Best Ravens receiver? Derrick Mason, easy"
"Derrick Mason.

People will say Boldin for his playoff perfomance when we won the Super Bowl, but Mason was a better all around receiver and was with the team for twice as long."
"Count me in for Derrick Mason as well. 

He was such a critical part of the team in those early Flacco years. I’ll never forget him catching a TD with a dislocated shoulder (I think that’s what it was, some kind of shoulder injury) against Dallas in 2008."
"I'd lean toward Anquan Boldin, though Derrick Mason and Steve Smith Sr. are good options too"
Tandon Doss
"Mason 
Boldin 
Smith Sr 

Smith Sr is the best of the 3 but his time in Baltimore was limited"
Michael Jackson RIP
Derek Mason
Dez
Boldin
Best homegrown is Torrey and best ever is Derrick Mason.
"I gotta go with Steve Smith Sr he was just so physical for his size and sooooooo much fun to watch. He was born to be a Raven and should 100% be in the HOF. 

Boldin is my 2nd choice had a great career also (HOF worthy imo) and was HUGE in getting us a superbowl. 

Mason might be the default answer for most bc he was here longer than Boldin and SSR so he has more yards and what not but he was not better than those 2 still love him though."
"The fact that *nobody* has said Randy Hymes, proves to me that this sub is full of bots and bandwagoners."
"1. Derrick Mason
2. These spots
3. Intentionally Left
4. Blank out of respect
5. For Derrick Mason
6. Anquan Boldin
7. Torrey Smith
8. Hollywood Brown"
Michael Jackson
Yeah the problem is the best we've managed to draft was Torrey and we didn't bother keeping him.
"Boldin the most important in terms of team history, crucial to the SB win."
I'm with everyone on Mason.
"Anquan Boldin. It's not his fault he didn't have as many years as others, and we all saw what happened to the offense after Flacco never got another receiver at the same level."
"Strictly ravens tenure = mason

Best in playoffs = Q

Best ever to be a raven no matter the duration = TO if you count the two days he was a raven. Lol.

If not which is understandable it's a tie between Q and SSSr."
Campanaro
Mason by a long shot. I’m 24 and Mason was all I knew throughout my childhood. On 3rd and long it was either him or Heap every time.
Man y'all crazy it torrey smith
"I feel like if Travis Taylor had player with better QBs he'd be in this conversation, but since he didn't I'd go with Boldin.  Mason had more good years but Boldin is the only time it's felt like we had a WR that could dominate the other teams defense."
I'd say Boldin but Mason and Smith Sr. are great picks as well.
"Just want to say that when derick mason was on our team, our number 1 target was always Todd Heap. Yes, mason was our only good WR for many years and spent more years on our team than Boldin or SSr....but he doesn’t deserve to rank higher than Boldin or SSr"
Mason for sure. But I loved jacoby jones
"Not much love for Jacoby in this thread. Maybe he wasn't the best true wr, but I don't think there's an offensive player who made more miraculous plays than he did. (I'm considering kr touchdowns as miraculous plays, if you're wondering)"
"Mason

Boldin

Torrey

SSSr

It's a pretty steep cliff after that.."
"1. Mason
2. Bold in
3. Steve Smith
4. Torrey Smith"
Jeremy Maclin 😤😤
Breshad Perriman
""
My exact words were “it’s a close game why would you waste a timeout on a stupid challenge” 😹 stood corrected
"I was surprised too but colts fans really need to shut up about that call. That’s not why they lost, they lost cuz rivers is washed and can’t do anything when they actually play a good defense"
"Harbaugh pulled a very Belichick move having a better understanding of the rule book than the fans, announcers and refs. Respect it. Super Bowl guaranteed."
I’ve always liked the idea of challenging big plays... if it doesn’t work you get like a four minute time out anyways if it works your team is rewarded. It only bites you back if you’re in a two minute drill playing from behind. But we’ve always had pretty good clock management so it didn’t phase me
"Am I the only one who thought it was a catch? That was my first reaction, he took 4-5 steps with the ball in his possession, then lost it on his was down I thought it was a catch and fumble the whole way through"
"Thought it was dumb, but I was wrong. According to Gene, 3 steps with ball contact constitutes control"
[deleted]
"Hoping to pick up some tickets and attend, but no secondary market tickets are showing up yet.

Anyone have an idea when they are being put up for sale with PSL owners?"
"PSL owners have submitted requests for the lottery.  The Raven's organization will begin fulfilling those requests tomorrow - November 11.  Once tickets are paid for, the owners will be transferred the mobile tickets. That's my understanding, anyway.   

If buyers don't pay, they get offered to another owner. It can take a few days for all tickets to be allocated."
"I was wanting to do the same thing for the titans game or cowboys. I emailed the ravens ticket people, what ^^ that guy said plus any leftover tickets will be put on the market a few days before the game. 
I’m really hoping they aren’t too expensive"
""
Torrey Smith: genuinely good guy
I love Torrey so much.
Torrey is a great Baltimorean regardless of where he plays or lives.
"
We are partnering with @recnparks to run the programming at Hilton Rec Center! We have been working for over a year to figure out how we can maximize the potential that we see in Baltimore. Visit 

***

posted by [@TorreySmithWR](https://twitter.com/TorreySmithWR)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1326170165688594433/pu/pl/VsbrPcO2pSH8TVaX.m3u8?tag=10) | 
[Link in Tweet](http://Level82.org)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"I feel like the biggest question mark is offensive play calling, but I’m more confident in this team after the second half of the Colts game."
"I feel confident that we'll win at least one playoff game, who knows after that. We're incredibly good but also flawed, too."
Injuries worry me more than the performance right now.
"I prefer us as the underdogs, so if we don't win the divison and have to play one more game to not be a top 4 seed with high expectations I'm ok with that"
"I feel it's gonna be an uphill climb to win the division, but with how well we've been playing in the road, I dont think that'll make much difference. Just gotta hope we get seeded well for the playoffs. Then let's win a fucking game, Fuck!"
"I’m worried less about the play calling and more worried about the execution and depth on the o-line. 

I don’t love all the play calling, but hope it’s being used the right way to hide our weaknesses and exploit the favorable matchups. Loved the high tempo change up to start the second half.

I worry when our injuries catch up with us. Losing Stanley is a tough pill to swallow. Calais will be back, but when, etc."
"Idk if we win the division. The steelers are pretenders tho abd they will be exposed on thanksgiving and then I predict they’re out the first round of the playoffs.

I think we hvae the ability to go all the way if Roman isn’t a total fucking idiot and calls the games the way he did on sunday and he lets lamar play to his strengths. Im worried about KC (obvs) but that’s really it, although I could obviously see us losing to other teams if we dont fix the playcalling."
"I think we definitely have the potentially to go all the way even with all the injuries. We have the talent on d to stop the chiefs, we just need some offensive consistency on the part of Lamar and Roman to match that. I’ll never count us out cuz the league is unpredictable, lots of stuff can happen and there can be lots of calls that help us and go against us. If bad roman and turnover Lamar show up again in the playoffs we’re going 1 and done again. But if the offense actually moves the ball and we can keep mahomes off the field and we beat the chiefs, we can win the Super Bowl vs any nfc team"
The O line and WRs are my biggest worries
"I feel we're good, but I'm always skeptical about how we're going to play. 

I realize Lamar can get a lot of flack on our losses, but adapting from one of the best O-lines suited for him to one that is below that can be difficult and really ruin your groove. 

Our defense plays amazingly and allows Lamar the ability to be able to make mistakes. It seems like when Lamar is hot, our team is unstoppable. I think it all starts with the run game (beating that dead horse) and when Lamar gets comfortable playing, he goes off. 

This season is going to rest on Roman and Lamar. Our defense will step up as they always have. If Lamar is hot, we'll win games, but if he's not, it's up to Roman to tailor our offense to allow Lamar to gain confidence. We saw how Roman can mess up play calling with the Steelers and I'm hoping it doesn't happen again this season."
Fine.
Cautiously optimistic.. because I'm a Ravens fan and I know how we do..
"I don’t know if they’re hoping he gets injured or what. Be all I ever hear is “he’s gonna get hurt” and shit like that. He’s no more likely to get hurt than anyone else imo. I feel like a qb getting blind sided in the pocket is more dangerous than getting tackled open field. Also, why doesn’t anyone say that about anyone else? Kyler Murray, Russ, Mahomes, etc. if any of them get hurt their team is in a much worse position immediately. Yet it’s only discussed about Lamar. So annoying."
There will be a Twitter parade if he ever gets hurt
"Look at daks injury. He’s not even a run oriented qb and he got hurt. Football is a dangerous sport and injury is a possibility for anyone. However, if you look at the way Lamar runs, he doesn’t really take big hits and his agility is so insane he just bends out of stuff that would kill a guy like Philip rivers and makes it just look soft. He still needs to work on sliding but he’s protected himself well this year. That is just a dumb media talking point coming from dudes who don’t even watch our games"
"Rothlesberger had a major injury last year and is banged up, Brees had a big injury, Rodgers has had many, Manning had a few season enders, Garrapolo is on IR currently, Mahomes dislocated his knee last year, yet I somehow never hear how pocket passers are likely to get injured
Maybe playing QB just lends yourself to being injured"
I never understood why mobile qb's get this stereotype when Aaron Rodgers got injured a lot
"OP this isn’t a bad take. In fact this is probably a correct take, but I think you’re misconstruing what “hurt” means.

Big Ben’s arm, Tom Brady’s knee, Peyton’s Neck, Rodger’s clavicle, or for a recent example Dak’s (and Kyle Allen’s) ankle, all freak accidents. And if Lamar has anything similar to this it will be that, a freak accident and in no part due to the fact he runs a ball. 

However, when someone insights extra contact they will get hurt. This is why RBs have such a short career after all. There body wears down over time. And we’ve seen this in other quarterbacks before, whether is Andrew Luck who just took so much punishment his body had something nagging all the time, or like Cam Newton, who’s physical style ended up with him needing surgery and learning to correct his throwing motion.  

That’s my fear with Lamar, that in 7 years the punishment he has taken may make it harder to stay on the field or leave him damaged in a way that is not so easily treated.

Why isn’t this brought up with Kyler, Russ, Josh Allen, or the like? They don’t have 12 rushing attempts a game. They are using their arms to set up their legs, where as Lamar uses his legs (and the run game as a whole praise be the Gus Bus) to set up his arm. He didn’t get compared to Michael Vick for nothing, the dude runs! Like a lot! I just hope he can start cutting back and work on being a pocket passer at an elite level, not just a QB at an elite level."
It’s a nice indicator that the analyst doesn’t actually watch film. So you can easily dismiss whatever they say. Just ignore these people and you’ll no longer be “tired” of them.
Saying a football player is going to get hurt is like saying its going to rain some day. Of course it will rain eventually.
"This year:

Dak, moderately mobile.

Allen, pocket passer

Darnold, pocket passer

Lock, pocket passer

Garappolo, pocket passer

Last year:

Brees, pocket passer

Mahomes, pocket passer

Alex Smith, moderately mobile

Last ten years:
Carson, pocket passer

Brady, pocket passer

Flacco, pocket passer

Am I missing some running QBs, sure but there are a lot of statutes getting rolled up on."
"Mahomes literally fucked up his knee cap and yet no one is concerned about his shelf life 

On that note tho, I hope that Lamar goes the Russel Wilson/Tom Brady route and decides to spend a $1 million of self care on his body a year. I want to see Lamar play a long time and spending that much money to still play a long time just seems like a minor investment in my eyes"
"No one says this about Allen or Murray. Murray is excellent at avoiding contact, but is arguably much more fragile in terms of build/height/frame."
[deleted]
""
""
Coach has two copies of the Q factor and the harry potter books showing lol.
I hope they never stop doing these with Billick. He is so interesting to listen to.
Loved that heads up play by Gus Edwards 0:41
""
Yay its time to bully a few more practice squad Patriots Receivers
"nice ball, shame if someone punched it!"
Hopefully he stops going out all the time now
Receivers should just slide when Humphrey comes there way
"PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD MARLO STOP, THAT BALL HAD A FAMILY 😭😭😭"
Is this confirmed?
Did anyone order fruit punch?!
Ravens by 60 this week
[deleted]
Loved that heads up play by Gus Edwards at 0:41
[deleted]
[deleted]
Should this really be attributed to Harbaugh? I would think someone in the booth would be making that call most of the time.
Wait when was the 3 challenge game?
"Quick question, do you work directly for the Ravens organization? Cause these graphics looks just like the ones the media team puts out"
didnt tomlin have like a 2 year streak of no challenges won? his rate is higher than i would have expected
"This kind of stat is interesting, and I think the Tomlin/Harbaugh comparison is fair, but for coaches who have been around significantly longer (BB, Reid, and prior-era guys), this really needs to be era-adjusted.  Back when they didn't automatically review all scoring plays and automatically review anything close that they decided they want to, there was a lot more low-hanging fruit to make successful challenges and drive that percentage up."
Bruh we never get calls go our way
""
In case anyone wants to be reminded of the disappointing losses all day at work
[removed]
""
"So he's 37, but PFF had him as a top 10 corner last season and he played all 16 games. I think this is a low risk high reward signing."
Rest of the league is happy now that they don’t have to face Terrell Bonds the GOAT anymore 😈
He's amazing for such a old guy. Almost every Packer fan wanted him back but we didn't have room on our roster. He's a veteran who knows the game and plays amazing despite his old age. He's a fantastic player both on and off the field and is a great leader for the younger guys.
Another reason for RogerstoJordy to just become a ravens fan already
good we desperately need depth and adding a veteran will always help
"Yesssss! Hes still playing good even though hes older pretty versatile to. Id still prefer Jimmy and Peters on the outside with Marlon in the slot when everyones healthy. Id like to see him play the role Jimmy was doing early in the season/Carrs role last year. 

Bottom line hes better than Bonds and Averrett so im happy."
"On top of a good PFF rating, his highlights in the comments are nice. 

The important takeaway is that he should start in place of Bonds fairly quickly. He was lined up in the slot for most of the plays in that video. The fact he played a full season in 2019 just makes the signing even better."
"Tramon has always been amazing for us, he is a stellar veteran CB, I’m sad to see him go but I hope y’all do great with him!"
"As part Packer fan, I love this. His pick six against Atlanta in the divisional round against Atlanta will always give me chills."
Slot is locked up. He’s still able to play at a high level.
Jimmy's knees sent EDC a large fruit basket for this signing. Jimmy is still 🔥 th0
"I can't here to ask if Brandon Carr was dead, but judging by the comments, maybe this guy is just better?"
I mean at this point we just need warm bodies so I’m fine with this
This signing will get 1% as much attention as Dez and will be 50x more impactful.
This is a great late season signing for a position of serious need. Now Marlon can play outside a bit more and the rookies will have time to grow into their roles.
"We have signed CB Tramon Williams to the 53-man roster and placed Khalil Dorsey (shoulder) on IR. 

We have also signed OT R.J. Prince and DB Nate Brooks to the practice squad. 

***

posted by [@Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EmfWJcSW8AEkapy.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
How did we sign Tramon to the 53 man but Dez HAD to go through the practice squad? I am so confused
""
"That's awesome man, congrats!"
Frame that ASAP!
Don’t listen to people. They know what they are talking about when it comes to a majority of what that have to say.
What is PFF?
God damn that’s amazing. Beautiful. Honestly a little jealous haha
I unapologetically love Florio
""
Because Roman has no creativity
"IMO, it isn't that our offense is predictable. Many teams repeat plays in games. The ravens repeated the same run 2 or 3x in a row against indy in goal line to go up 14-10.

The problem w/ the ravens' offense is their lack of creativity in the passing game. It's extremely archaic. Greg Cosell called it ~~rudimentary~~ remedial.

Roman's passing games were archaic & rudimentary in nature in SF and BUF as well. Those passing offenses utilized all of the field via deep sideline passing and were still archaic. Thus, this notion that our passing game is archaic/limited because lamar doesn't attack deep sideline isos is BS. It's archaic because greg roman is poor at scheming a creative passing game.

Last season, the ravens were middle of the pack in terms of creating open throws in the passing game. The chiefs were top 3. The ravens are even worse at that now while the chiefs... remain top 3.

I'm honestly not expecting anything to change on g-ro's front. I expect our passing game to continue to be archaic in nature. It'll be up to lamar and the weapons to make the best of it. IMO, lamar getting back to his 2019 form from a decision making standpoint would do a lot to help this offense.

Last yr, i said that lamar made g-ro look better than he was & not the other way around. Note that i said that while the majority of /r/nfl and sports media were calling this dude a ""wizard"" & a future head coach. I hope he does become a future head coach soon (plz jets). Hopefully, we keep his run game stuff and build a real passing attack when he bounces.

He's a wizard as a run game architect but that's about it. He's an advisor/consultant type. He's no mcvay, shanahan, kubiak or reid. He's a tier or 2 below all of those guys."
Our route concepts in the passing game are very predictable. We are going to pay for that in the playoffs. Even if we win one game. That would prevent us from going all the way.
"I still think we need one game where we say fuck it and unapologetically run the ball down someone's throat.. we kinda been doing it in 2nd halfs.. but the way our O Line is built.. I'd love for us to go 80/20 run-pass, run some 22, 13, or 21 personnel groups.. really just show the run and basically just show that even when you know it's coming you can't stop us..

I also think, unlike most teams and most norms, being down 1 or 2 scores shouldn't mean abandoning the run.. we can rip 20yd runs left and right.. it should never go away.. it almost guarantees we lose when the run game disappears"
I just wish we had 4-5 formations for the entire offense but had 200-300 different plays out of those formations.
""
[deleted]
Nobody Cares. Work Harder.
This is getting tired. Who cares?
Boo hoo.
"It's more of a power rankings, so I don't see how it's ""ridiculous."" Lamar has not played like a top 10 quarterback through 10 weeks. It's not all his fault, but that's the way it is."
Who cares
Seems about right?
"Jesus Christ nobody cares, besides they aren’t exactly wrong. I’d put him a bit higher but he hasn’t played like a top ten qb since week 1. Some people on this sub are so soft when Lamar isn’t like a top ten qb in every single power ranking. There’s a big difference between just hating on Lamar and actual criticism of him. Recently more often than not it’s been valid criticism that people have been whining about."
It’s based on this season so it makes sense. But all truly know he’s he’s way better than that.
"Damn. This is total BS. They have Matt Ryan, Big Ben, and DEREK CARR ahead of Lamar. Are people forgetting he played the top 2 defenses in the NFL last week smh"
Money Man Marlo is going to be playing rock em sock em robots with the patriots receivers tomorrow.
#sloppyballz
Man been at home for a week just punching air anyways. Prolly walking around his home with the Arthur first waiting for this game...
Under under under under
LOVE rain games we gonna run all over dem boyz lmaoooo
Lmao imagine thinking the Patriots will make a completion.
"JK fuck the Pats , Big Truzz"
Woo woo
Already
Just got Bucked
It's that easy? Is it really that easy to get upvotes? My god!
"They had us in the first half, I’m not gonna lie"
👏👏 let's goooo
Got me! You bastard!
You had me there for a second
"Dude that title got me. I almost lost it on you! Was halfway through a seething message before I calmed myself, said wait.... let's see what he/she had to say...."
Fuck the pats all day every day.
""
does anyone like retired bernard pollard lol
"Pollard, eat a dick. You weren't even the best safety on our team, let alone the league. Nobody gives a fuck what you think. Your nfl legacy ends where brady's knee brace begins."
"Wow, dude is a serious hater lol...all his tweets consist of NASCAR and Ravens hate wtfff"
"I get someone saying Lamar isn't a Top 5 QB or having him lower in your QB rankings than the average Ravens fan, but has this shit really turned into people saying he's not even ""good."" ""Good"" isn't even some absurdly large hurdle to jump. Lamar is still good."
Imagine holding a grudge 8 years later because your bum ass couldn’t get a job after getting released lmao
Imagine having such a serious hate boner for the only team you were ever any good with
What exactly happened with him and the Ravens that brought on all this vitriol?
Torrey is a Raven forever mane
"This idiot is just spewing shitty lamar takes to try and stay relevant, which he is not. Just ignore his ass"
Piece of trash trying to stay relevant.
He literally can’t even explain it himself back to that one dude. Broke bitch Kam Chancellor great value headass
"why does he even care how lamar plays? hes not a raven anymore, he’s not even in the league anymore. does he want attention ?"
How are you gonna play on a team with Joe Flacco and call Lamar Jackson a bad QB?
"I remember when Bernard Pollard got released and had a strong box score with the Titans and all the Ravens fans bitched about him being gone and how the Ravens released a really good player with a strong personality. 

Now everyone just hates the guy."
[deleted]
We actually had both of them represent the Ravens
I'm a U of M fan so I get both lol
I don’t necessarily think it’s all Jim’s fault to their underperformance every year. I mean I’m not a Michigan fan and I don’t got a dog in the fight but I think it’s their expectations that are incorrect. Mike Greenberg did a really nice piece on it. https://twitter.com/Espngreeny/status/1201891045686087680?s=20
To be fair.... This could also be a cautionary tale and could very well be us in a couple of years. Hopefully not though.
AHHH
Sleep in it's an evening game
Rooting hard for you guys tonight. We love you 😘
hopefully we can get rolling and defeat the Pats once again. When was the last time BAL had a winning streak against NE?
I’m actually up for one of these! FUCK THE PATS.
I’m fucking sick today ;( Hope to god this not Covid dammit
Never went to sleep😤😤
""
They gonna get WINKED
"Every week this season, I will be doing a crappy photoshop for our matchup. Here are the past week's submissions.

Week 1: [Don Lamar](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/irwb9l/oc_now_you_come_to_me_on_this_opening_day_and_you/)

Week 2: [The Texans Chainsaw Massacre](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/iwbbvu/week_2_matchup_photoshop_the_texans_chainsaw/)

Week 3: [Over the Top](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j1a0yh/week_3_matchup_photoshop_this_year_harbaugh_takes/)

Week 4: [He Got Game](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j4y37u/week_4_matchup_photoshop_he_got_game/)

Week 5: [Gladiator](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j92pjf/week_5_matchup_photoshop_markus_andrewicus_slayer/)

Week 6: [Eagle Eye](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jdeghk/week_6_matchup_photoshop_calais_campbell_will_be/)

Week 7: [Byecentennial Man](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jhs8gy/bye_week_photoshop_yannick_ngakoue_came_just_in/)

Week 8: [No Country For Old Ben](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jm1jad/week_8_match_up_photoshop_no_country_for_old_ben/)

Week 9: [A Rivers Runs Through It](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jqbi8n/week_9_match_up_photoshop_a_rivers_runs_through_it/)"
I love these. Keep em coming!
I hope he whips out the gold chain today
I think we all know what movie will inspire next week...
"For a long time, it has been ""we have to play Patriots this year."" Now, it's ""we *get* to play the Patriots this year."""
[removed]
Um..no?
Back to TikTok with yo ass!
[removed]
[deleted]
""
i want to upvote this but i also don't want to tempt fate...i'll vote after the game
YESSSSSSSSSS!!!! WE NEED THIS CAT EVERY PRE GAME LOL
"On behalf of this subreddit, I’d like to apologize for my jinx"
Lol this is hilarious! I love this meme
it’s because i upvoted this earlier this morning that we are down 10
F
...
How do I kill a post?
oy...
I don’t get it?
I wanna say this will be a easy win since these are obviously not the NE we all know use to know but if there’s one man you don’t bet against it’s Bill Belichick
u/savethisvideo
This is incredible. One of my favourite memes.
Uh oh
"leekspin.com for more

But it requires flash, so it might not work :/"
This is my favorite meme
this video made 2020 worth it
Apparently everyone else has seen an iteration of this before. I have not. I just replayed it like 20 times and cracked up just as hard the last time as the first
This is why you dont post this kinda stuff BEFORE a game. Shame
/u/SaveThisVideo
"Hey guys, Patriots fan here (don’t downvote immediately). I saw this post earlier and thought it was a bit cocky. Just wanna day although I’m really happy that my team won, you guys played well. I look forward to our rematch, IN THE PLAYOFFS! Go Pats"
r/agedlikemilk
Ayo what happened lmao? btw Im not a Patriot fan or even AFC team fan
"As a pats fan, this aged like wine."
Aged well lmfao
"The ravens and poorly aged memes, love to see it"
"https://youtu.be/7yh9i0PAjck


Original if anyone is interested"
howd that work for you guys?
On them we shall stunt
"Holy shit, I drive my gf nuts watching this all the time and then I kinda tapered off. Now you gave me another reason to 🤣. You are my hero."
It’s pretty much there in the title. I’m leaving this afternoon to start a long road trip to my new home a couple thousand miles outside my beloved Baltimore. I’ll settle for streaming the game on my radio while driving. Anyone have recommendations on what’s the best way to tune in?
"Fortunately it’s Sunday night football so you ought to be able to hear it called on sports stations throughout your drive. 

Check the [Westwood station finder](https://westwoodonesports.com/stations/) to know the best signal to tune into the game. 

Have a safe and good trip!"
I think xm has it. But not sure
the actual Ravens app should have the radio broadcast available to you!
It’s SNF so the game will be on Westwood One. You should easily be able to listen in the whole game no matter what state you are in. You may just need to find what station is Westwood one in each state
Tune in radio app has bailed me out before. Use the free trial and you don’t have to pay anything.
"Satellite radio. 
You can get a portable kit with an FM transmitter. 
Try it for a week and decide you don't like it."
""
"Here is a bigger & better (non-cropped) version of the same image:

[BALamaRaven / MagiCaw 8-BAL / LamarkaBAL / LaMarvelous / Elite L-8](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EIgGE-DU8AEXHh6?format=jpg&name=large)"
That’s hard
"Please let us win...
I believe we have this...
But our last primetime game 😒
The next time, we meet the Chiefs we will out Mahome, Mahomes lol"
Van Noy is a Dolphin and Hightower is sitting out this year.
"Been watching all this stuff all week about Roman's play calling being predictable, and outdated, which may be slightly true. However, Lamar also needs to reflect a bit as well. It shouldn't matter if the defense knows whats coming, because, when Lamar is playing at his top tier, they can't stop him even when they know what's coming. He's explosive in the pass and run game when he's at his best, and Roman calls those plays thinking that Lamar is going to be at his best. And we've seen Lamar hesitate much more this year than he did last. Lamar doesn't need to worry about if the option is predictable, when he is explosive enough to make defenders mess up on any play.

I always think of the greatest closer, Mariano Rivera. The man threw one pitch, a cut fastball. Everyone knew it was coming. And it didn't matter, because no one could hit it. That's where Lamar needs to be at, not going on talk shows talking about how defenses are calling out plays, or Roman's schemes are vanilla. Lamar needs to stunt on these hoes no matter what the play call is, because he has that ability. Get that confidence back Lamar that you can beat anyone."
"Make sure to tell Lamar ""just play better"""
"Lamar wasn’t the only one to call Roman out. Fans noticed, Hollywood sent that tweet, and apparently Mark Andrews said something as well. How can he be solely responsible for being “confident” with playcalling that majority of the offense is not happy with?"
"It’s not about confidence. We go over this daily, time and time and again. Read the 100+ other posts discussing this."
Bro I’m convinced people on here don’t even watch football what the fuck is this take man 😭😭
""
"He was saying they call out plays all the time, and are usually wrong. Its just a tactic defenses use. And even when defenses knew the play, they couldn't always stop it. Lamar can't let it get to him, and needs to dominate even if the defense does know the play."
"Bruschi always struck me as being a smug jackass. Hope he's healthy and doing alright physically after that stroke, but otherwise, I never liked the guy."
"""You know how many times I try to call out a Peyton Manning play and I was wrong?""

I don't think Lamar says this if they're wrong, though."
Teddy is one of the ignorant bill believers that thanks the patriots are still super bowl contenders I wouldn't read too much into it
"Is that Matt 'We'll take the ball, and we're gonna score' Hasselbeck talking about ""hot button things you can say as a player that crushes a coach""?"
Wow! An intelligent conversation that wasn’t just Greg Roman bashing
Teddy Bruschi is a clown. Just like that other ESPN “analyst” Dan Orlovsky.
Brushchi is a hateful PoS. That's all I came to say.
"Why do they keep acting like he said ""they're out here calling out pass and run"" he said they know our plays.. that's a little different"
"He's right, Lamar needs to mature a little"
""
This is so damn sad; saw this in the Baltimore and Maryland subs as well. Just heartless to do this to someone. Truly hoping she can be found.
"Ah man... I'm so sorry. I can't imagine what you're going through. I hope someone comes forward.

Just curious, does Rosie have a chip? You might be able to reach out to local vets to give them a heads up."
I hope mods let this stay up and you find her safe and sound!
Man I feel for you bro.  This is fucked up on another level.  Hope you get her home safe man.
Ugh. Let us know if you have any luck.
"God I wish I could help you, but I’m not in the Baltimore area (I’m from Virginia). Hope you find her though, this is so fucked up"
I’d give you a hug if I could.
I’ll post this on my insta story i hope you find your dog
https://www.gofundme.com/f/get-rosie-back?sharetype=teams&member=6761946&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_source=customer&utm_campaign=p_na+share-sheet&rcid=ec3773a9272945758e9bb1981ce5f3f4
Where do I report this not being Ravens related?
""
Trash ass games damn
FUCK THE STEELERS
I long for the day the Ravens finally get a bonifide all pro receiver like DeAndre Fucking Hopkins. What an absolute beast.
Geez I hate when we play the night/late games.   I am just counting the hours till we play and it makes Sunday sooooo long in not a good way
TIL Alex Collins still plays in the NFL.
"Daniel ""Lamar Jackson"" Jones"
"Two former Ravens from the 2013 squad, A.Q. Shipley and Ryan Jensen, now make up 2/5ths of Tampa Bay's o-line with starting left guard Ali Marpet out today. Jensen moves to guard in the interim while Shipley takes over Jensen's spot at center."
I really hope Texans win and I think they def can.
"**WHOA NELLY, ARIZONA WINS IT ON A HAIL MARY TD FROM MURRAY TO HOPKINS!!!!!**

Man, what a game that was."
Thanks for nothing Houston
TD Alex Collins
Fuck the Steelers checking in
"Gonna sound like a broken record but still pissed that we didnt draft Diggs... we desperately have needed WR for basically our whole existence, have a talented stud from right in our backyard and passed on him multiple times in the draft

Edit: and now Hopkins caught a hail mary in triple coverage"
"Wow, that was amazing"
Fuck the useless bengals
"That hail mary  was amazing, and the BUF/ARI game in general was a great game. Glad ARI won"
Fuck the Bengals
"This Bills/Cardinals game has been nuts! Buffalo just took the lead, 30-26, with only 34 seconds left."
"Can't depend on Houston for shit.

Or the Bungles, as a matter of fact. Fucking useless."
I’m annoyed that there’s no CBS game and instead of watching Texans Browns we have to watch WFT
Nothing goes our way second week in a row
"Latest weather update for the game shows that thee 1st half should be rain free, while the 2nd half should dump rain. I’m hoping it stays more dry- lamar hasn’t played his best games in the rain."
The amount of terrible penalty calls in these games today is making me nervous for tonight
The Bengals need to bench Burrow until they can protect him with something better than wet toilet paper. Gonna ruin that guys career
I want to see tom brady loss again.
Holy shit only 5 noon games and 6 4pm games?? What gives??
"Took a Fat ass L taking Hollywood before:


AJ Brown


DK Metcalf


Deebo Samuel


Diontae Johnson



Also Boykin is trash."
I’m finding myself rooting against Kyler Murray which is a damn shame.
Is it 8:20pm yet?
So we don't get the browns or the steelers games in baltimore today?
Dustin Johnson made the masters a snoozer
For our sake I hope Zac Taylor is the Bengals coach for a long time. That team has more talent than 4 wins in 25 games or whatever it is since he took over.
One order of Dhop please
Anyone tell me where I can find a live free feed of the RAVENS GAME TONIGHT?
[deleted]
I bet on the ravens winning by 14. I’m feeling pretty good about it
Just curious I cant find much information on it.
"Geno was called up, maybe that put us at 53? Probs need more secondary help than WR"
"It's going to be rainy, so more runs on offense hopefully and needed depth in the secondary. We can also only activate him from the PS a certain number of times"
"Cam fumbles, it’s raining, Geno hits hard. Dez probably just isn’t ready yet which we should’ve expected. Hopefully he’s ready for the cowboys game which is when we want him most"
Nasty weather.
"FYI: There are currently only 52 players on the active roster. This was also the case last week. They are apparently keeping that 53rd spot open for someone, perhaps an eventual IR returnee (e.g. Tyre Phillips) or potential outside signing, such as Luke Willson.

Initially, I would have thought Dez Bryant was going to grab that slot. However, he still has another call-up left before that becomes a necessity. Same goes for Geno Stone, who got a freebie last week for technically replacing a COVID list player in Marlon Humphrey. Thus, tonight counts as #1.

Teams can have 55 active for game day, but can only dress a maximum of 48. However, to activate said number, there must be at least 8 OL dressed. Baltimore has made sure to do just that all season long.

Still, it seems strange to only have 52 on the active roster, PLUS only call up one PS player, when they're allowed 2 each week. This is especially peculiar considering how shorthanded they are at both OT & TE, respectively.

It would be extremely bad to lose 1 player at either one of those positions! Also, what happens if they lose both OTs, similar to how they lost 2 players capable of playing OT vs. PIT? Obviously, neither Will Holden nor R.J. Prince are good enough to even warrant temporary promotions.

I certainly don't want to see Mekari playing RT, let alone have to find out the hard way who would man the LT position in such a scenario! I suppose the only logical lineup in that instance would become this: Bozeman–Bredeson–Skura–Powers–Mekari. Better hope Boyle stays healthy!

I wonder who the 5 inactive players will be tonight. I can come up with these 4 easily: Trace McSorley, Calais Campbell, Jimmy Smith & L.J. Fort. Since Ingram is back, Justice Hill seems like a candidate, despite ST contributions. I sure hope versatile Jihad Ward isn't the 5th scratch!"
"Weather, plus he could use another week learning the offense, plus we can only call him up once more before we have to sign him to the 53, if I’m correct. 

Plus even though it’s the Pats, this is a game we should win without any extra help. Any given Sunday of course but analytically we should save Dez for a game we might need him. Maybe thanksgiving?"
I'll ask the coach next time I see him.
"Because we needed to call up Geno Stone for more depth in the secondary, besides mans was probably just gonna run block for two snaps anyways especially considering that it’s gonna start raining heavy in Boston"
"Go listen to what Jason La Canfora said on the Rich Eisen Show earlier this week.   Basically, our expectation was that Dez's first game would be on Thanksgiving. But, Duvernay was banged up all week before the Colts game so we activated Dez just in case."
He no good no more yet
BECAUSE. HE. IS. ON. THE. PRACTICE. SQUAD.
"We have depth needed at other positions right now. Plus the coaches may not be happy where he is at right now. 

He isn’t going to bring what everyone is hoping he will. I hope I’m wrong, but I just don’t see it."
"Because Greg Roman’s playbook only calls for passes to Hollywood and Andrews. 

All jokes aside, it sounds like the coaches aren’t seeing the same guy from 3 years ago. He only had 2 snaps last week"
""
This aged BEAUTIFULLY
""
[deleted]
Perriman.
"Queen. 

Time to come out and blast Cam on all those called qb runs. He can go along way in that rookie defensive player of the year voting with a play making game on national tv."
Queen
I'm jealous.
"Queen or Marlo, I'm thinking Queen."
Tucker the 🐐
"Mount these on a wall. Buy a Ravens sweatshirt. Never fucking ever wear another man’s jersey. Ok, though, if your brother plays and you’re in a wheelchair."
"Only local game on tv is the Washington and Detroit game. Ok game but not great teams. 

The Browns and Texans game looks awful when they show a highlight. Good. 

Can’t wait for tonight!"
Laptop and an HDMI cable and you can watch any game.  I have to use it down here in Florida to get Raven games.  It really is nice being able to watch them without spending any money.
CBS had the Master’s rights and I don’t think NFL wanted to compete with that anyways.
Red zone surely?
""
""
Lmao why he looks like a villain 😂
He reminds me of the villain from The Princess and the Frog but with a mustache
He looks like he wants to kidnap you and make you perform in a traveling circus.
Why's he look like Little Richie with braids?
I didn't know R. Kelly got out of jail and started playing for the Ravens
Jafar Jackson
California raisin looking ass.
No thanks. Sticking with the funko pops.
Now that is Lemib Jibsplib
It says choking hazard...... not exactly wrong
Anyone know Alex Collins was back in the NFL? I had no clue
"I liked Alex Collins some games, but does anyone remember how he would always try to bounce runs to the outside and often lose yards?"
Running great so far today....what could have been....
Apparently he signed to the Seahawks practice squad on Nov 4. News to me too.
Sure did but John brown is the one you wish was still a Raven.
Lamar coming in was the end of his time in Baltimore. All the bouncing runs outside when you have lamar back there wasn't cutting it
"I'm glad for him that he's worked his way back into the league, he seemed like a good guy other than that dumbass pot citation.  Just throw the stuff in the woods while you're waiting for the cops, man!

He wouldn't be a great fit in Roman's offense, but he'd still be useful in an outside zone run team."
""
"He was so fun to watch his one good year with us. I wish things could have worked out, but I think Dobbins will be even better for us."
"Wheres the irish jig? Disappointed, but glad to see he's back."
"Glad he back in the league. At least now he can wreck his car with a legal amount of weed on board, minus the firearm"
Oml seahawks are always so unlucky with runningback injuries. Im happy for collins nonetheless
looks dope wearing 41 kinda like Kamara
Good for Alex. He juked that guy at the ten into space.
Dude was so stupid when he was here with us. You gonna be a football player and a drug dealer on the side?
Just dancing his way in.
Damn I remember the around the time after he got cut I dapped him up at The Charles in Fed Hill
He's back?!? Happy for him honestly. Hopefully he turned his life around and had a great second chance in football. Dude balled out for us in his one year.
Did that guy really call him Austin Collins?? Come on
I loved him. He came thru for us hard that year. He was also stepping into Ray Rice's shoes.
[removed]
Sir.... this is a Wendy’s.. 😐
This is the last time I visit yalls sub bruh
""
"We never get outside help.

We also never cheer for our rivals in our house."
Neither did the cowboys or titans. The jags or bills probably won’t either. If we want the Steelers to lose we have to do it ourselves.
"If I'm being completely honest I almost don't want to win the division. I want this team entering playoffs as wildcard with a chip on their shoulder. Get that underdog mentality that helped us win it in 2012. Plus its gonna be really tough to catch Pitt at this point in the season anyway. Theyve still got pretty much guarenteed 3 wins with cin, cle, and jax, and we are 2.5 games behind if we win tonight."
Cincy fucking sucks lol. They have no defense and they have no oline. I didn’t watch that game but burrow probably needs an extra long ice bath tonight
Always leave it to the Browns and Bengals choking against the Steelers.
"Well, it looks like we're going to get another shot at giving them their first loss(unless the Jags pull an upset next week)"
[deleted]
JK Dobbins
"Our coaches are so dense that they'd actually put Ingram in as the starter over JK and Gus. Remember, JK was getting like 2 snaps a game when Ingram was healthy."
To be honest I love Mark Ingram to death but Gus Bus is the answer for the remainder of the year. Till the wheels fall off baby let’s go!!!!
Big boy no little boy
Don’t overthink it. If Ingram is active it’s likely he gets the most carries
I would play gus
"Jk, Gus, Ingram, in that order"
[removed]
""
How unfortunate
"Maybe our receivers group will look nfl caliber, now."
ROMAN PLEASE LET HOLLYWOOD GO OFF
LET LAMAR COOK
"Incoming haters saying Lamar only got 5 touchdowns because no Gilmore, calling it here"
Huge
Russell wilson:loses and plays like shit against good teams
"Russ just dropped further down, if not completely out, of the MVP race now. 

He alone accounts for 12 turnovers in the last month or so now.

I have nothing against Russ, I actually like him, but FUCK those salty Seahawks fans who continously trashed Lamar. No MVP for him again!"
Yeeeah.... Kyler definitely just validated the discussion ESPN has been fueling all week between him and Lamar though
Facts
""
Judon doing juuuuust enough to get the bag from the Jets
How can every team in the league scheme their receivers open except for the Ravens?
Hollywood getting pissy is hilarious. How the fuck can you average a catch a game and think you should get all the targets?
Lamar’s best passing game of the season and we score 17 points. Wtf is this team sometimes
I think we killed Roman at halftime last week and we’re weekend at burnie-ing him
Still pumped about that screen to Duvernay. That was great
Stop the count!
"That was all on Lamar but, as a sidenote, I thought Hollywood was supposed to be fast? Dude looks average at best speed-wise as of late."
offensive playcalling looking much more like second half vs indy than first half vs indy. very nice.
The pic of Lamar in the shades will forever be legendary
"EXCUSE ME, THAT'S A HOLD?!?!?"
We are so fucked next week 💀
wHaTs ThE pOiNt oF HaViNg SoUlJaS
What’s the point of having Soulja’s if they never get separation? (Never!)
Willie Snead is our real number one
"20/26, 224 yds, 2 tds 1 int in pouring rain with a swiss cheese oline and greg roman

Not bad for a running back"
"HOW ABOUT SOME LOVE FOR MEKARI??

Dude stepped in at C, RG and now RT and for the most part holds his own. Can't ask for much more from a UDFA"
Not on the stat sheet but Yannick with heavy pressure on 2nd and 3rd down. Got us off the field.
"If anyone blames Lamar for this game, they need to get their head out of their fucking ass."
Lamar is currently 3/3 53 yards on this drive
"LMFAO I missed the touchdown because they interrupted the broadcast to tell me a tornado is about to rip through New York apparently, lol.

What happened?!?"
Loving the implication that we single handedly ended the Pats dynasty last year
Big Ben is a rapist
I want to see more of Brown and Duv in space man.  That Duv play was tight.
Lamar refusing to run with at least 8 yards of open grass on that second down shows me they're coaching some of that instinct out of him.
Hill was being held so he couldn’t see... nice
Whats the point of running wildcat with mark ingram when you have lamar jackson? Lamar is a better runner and passer than ingram 😂
"Collinsworth is right (for once.) Lamar needs to be Lamar. If he takes off, that’s almost definitely a first down. Maybe 3rd and short. Too much of that this season."
these live threads are toxic asf lol
I could never be a nfl player but I certainly couldn't be a punt returner. Fuck that.
Beautiful pressure by Yannick there. Come on man we can't lose this game. They're giving it to us!
Our turnover streak going to end too :(
Chuck Clark with the big brain penalties like when he did a similar thing against BUF last year. He understands the situations so well
Nick boyle is the better blocker by a mile
The first quarter lasted like 5 minutes lol
STOP THE COUNT
The lack of truss in this game day thread is disturbing
"That was all Yannick, two strait plays"
"Don't worry, guys. I'm sure first round fireball Hollywood Brown will make a big play here at the end. The Pats have not been able to stop his explosiveness all night!"
"Brady or no Brady, still fuckin hate the Pats"
"This is the team that struggled against the Jets last week. Just walked right through us, besides Judon’s sack on the first drive they’ve looked like shit"
"Hill was getting held before that, he was completely turned around so he had no idea. But still sloppy play"
"That was soft, we get “held” like that all the time."
"The Ravens and getting owned by Patriot gimmick plays.

Name a more iconic duo."
Derrick henrys gonna run for 250 yards against the ravens next week
"Collinsworth highlighting Pernell McPhee while talking about Judon lol

Someone else doing the work while judon gets credit is a perfect summary of him"
"So... this is the ""everything falls apart"" game.

Jeez. Speedy recovery nick."
Skura may have just cost us this game
That drive was fucking *phenomenal.*
So Derrick Henry is definitely running for like 500 next week
Time to recognize Duvernay as our best receiver.
"Hollywood is not a WR1 for the AFC north, speed can be replicated, height and size can't"
PETERS WAS GETTING HELD WHERRE THE FUCK WAS THAT FLAG
Imagine trying to blame this loss on Lamar LOL
Justice being held the entire way so he can't see the fair catch play.
Hill couldn't se the fair catch call because of the blatant holding making him face the wrong way
This drive feels like it could've been straight out of 2019
ravens fans do 180s on loving/hating the defense so quickly lol
Andrews got hit before he even had the ball lmao
Let me guess that was Lamars fault as well?
"Ooo, AT&T Lily got thicc."
Lamar is throwing dots but nobody can catch them. Amd he'll still be blamed for the loss by the media.
Lamar gets so much shit but we are a 2-6 team without him.
Willie Snead is our best receiver and people still shit on Lamar as a passer.
WE ARE STILL IN THIS FUCK THE DOOMERS LET'S GO OFFENSE
Maybe Judon is saving his energy for a Paul Kruger style playoff breakout......
Lmao. What the hell is Brown mad about? Get open and maybe you'll get the ball.
I think this drive decides if Roman keeps his job
That was a ridiculous hold on Peters
Smart play by Harbaugh going offsides. For real.
Look at the guys Lamar has to play with man Jesus
"No excuses we need to beat that pats team. But half the defense out and half the o/line out is rough against the greatest coach of all time.

Still... so many goddamn mistake it’s gross"
How the fuck is that not holding... held so he can’t see the fair catch called
"Blatant false start, no call"
"#UNPOPULAR OPINION

I like the Ravens"
"play calling is looking suspiciously creative, did GRO already lose play calling privelages"
Jesus fuck what a fast quarter
bonds fucking SUCKS
"I imagine the deepest layer of hell, Chris Collinsworth replaces your inner monologue voice"
"There was no need to make that kind of play. Even if we got an incomplete, I trust Tucker to make a long ass field goal."
"The throw itself wasn’t overly bad. The decision however to throw it to their best corner, to a receiver who’s tiny and won’t fight for a ball is awful."
Why is Andrews the only person who can catch
Snead has been putting the team on his fucking back last few weeks....
DUV AND SNEAD. THE WOMBO COMBO!!
Yannick a beast. Two times he blew the play up
Did any hear that pterodactyl screech?
Hell of a tackle Board.
MATT SKURA GO FUCK YOURSELF
I can’t say this enough fuck Matt Skura
Ya its lamars fault we had to try and convert a 2nd and 26. 🤦🏻‍♂️
"For those that didn’t catch the last minute of the Arizona-Buffalo game, go look up the highlights. That minute is proof that the Ravens FO need to get Lamar an elite wide receiver to pair with. Absolute fantastic finish to that game."
Lamar is getting so much time. These receivers NEED to get separation
We should start of the season with at least 38 corners on the active roster
\#GUS THE MOTHER FUCKING BUS
RIDE THE GUS BUS
Are there any updates on Peters yet? Really hope that wasn't serious
Remember when we thought this was going to be a breakout season for Hollywood with all of those off-season workout videos on Instagram?
"Brandon has been ruled out for the game w/ an ankle injury.

If he can't go next wk, king henry will wreck house nxt wk"
MVP dual threat QB and you put your THIRD best RB in wildcat on fourth down. FIRE GRO FUCK
guys that is not judon's fault what the fuck is that call
If we pull this off I will eat myself
Take your time. Score. Win this shit
"As much as I hate agreeing with collinsworth, he's 100% right there. I know Lamar wants to be a passer first, second, and third, but when you've got his speed and the first down is that wide open to run for, you have to take that regardless of who's open. You always take a first down, especially one that easy."
"He said ""Mark Andrews is a fantastic blocker"" as he fell on his ass, missing his block"
"European fans, how are you guys holding up?"
Snead has really picked up the last three games
Deshon Elliot gave up half the yards and the score there
We should not be relying on Justice Hill inside the 10.
That was an extra 1.5 yards on the spot
You absolutely cannot lose this game against a dogshit football team with TEN and PIT coming up.
Why throw a 50/50 ball to a guy shorter than half the people reading this thread?
Remember when we scored 2 TDs under 2 minutes with no timeouts last year? God that feels like a lifetime ago
Lamar was looking so sharp before that pick. I think he'll bounce back from it
Queen needs to borrow some of that deer antler extract from Ray Lewis in the off-season.
Luckily we stopped them for 3 instead of 6
"To Judons credit, none of the commentators thought it was a foul."
Fuck man. Shout out those pats players who called the Med team over
"The team is annihilated by injuries. Playing absolutely awful. Questions with the offensive coordinator, defense playing bad. Entire season looking extremely bleak. 2020 Ravens Super Bowl confirmed"
"Lamar is so under appreciated for taking the weather, poor blocking, the lack of separation, and the bad snaps in stride , and making it work , think before you try to call him out again .... ever"
"OLine in shambles

Center can't snap

WR don't know how to catch

Only one TE 

Lamar still makes things happen"
My heart drops watching Proche field those punts! Can’t even imagine how difficult it is in this weather!
"I'm so pissed about Boyle, god damnit"
"The ol' Patriot ""foot slip."""
NOW PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD. USE GUS EDWARDS
"Yeah Tramon Williams is our starting CB, came a week ago, we're still in this game.

&#x200B;

Yet somehow the narrative tonight is Newton good Lamar bad"
Ngakue looked real good those last two plays. Real good.
So the snaps are seriously the dumbest problem a team can have.
Hollywood was targeted 6 times. He caught 2. I don't want to hear shit about not using you ~~dawgs~~ *Souljas*
Of course it buckets down when it's our last drive. Nothing goes our way.
This is not Lamars fault. Can only do so much with the team around him.
the patriots could be 0-15 and i would still want to throw EVERYTHING at them. they've been bigger rivals to us in the past 20 yrs than the browns. lets fucking KILL them
Judon will get 4 sacks this game and have good enough numbers for a team to overpay him next year
BEEP BEEP BITCH
Applebees has rats
"Lamar Jackson was 4/4, 73 yards, 14.5 Y/A, 158.3 perfect passer rating on that drive"
Lamar gonna have to throw 4 TDs today
I got a big interview tomorrow so I appreciate all this clock chewing
Holy shit they’re just running it every play and this defence is so  helpless
[deleted]
"Our offense cannot fuck around next half!

The Pats are going to run the ball heavy, and chew the clock."
That's the most pathetic defense I've ever seen from us all year. And two guys down now too. What a shambles.
Fire Roman right now literally get anyone else there
"you have lamar, why the fuck do you even need to try and run wildcat"
"That is an awful call on Judon.  Doesn't make a difference, but that was not on Judon."
Joe & Breshad put up a better fight last week.... the 2015 fucking ravens almost beat this team..
"Ravens good play.


Refs: we don't do that here"
Lamar is making good throws. Nobody wants to catch. And he will be blamed if we lose. can’t wait for the media this week
This is legit Lamar vs. everyone right now
"People out here shitting on Lamar because of the Int. Man is 20/26, for 224 yards 2TDs with a 111.7 rating. Big TRUZZZZZ"
"Glad we punted, that was the smart move."
Plays don’t show up on the stat sheet but ngakuo is disruptive
"Remember, everyone’s gonna say Lamar lost this game"
Now how are we gonna see people flip this on Lamar?
might have been intentional by clark. i think the right move
"Not a Ravens or Patriots fan, but as a casual viewer I wonder whether that was a ""good"" penalty for Baltimore to have?   


They would've almost certainly gotten the first down with only two yards to go, and after they got the first down they would've been able to run out the clock. Conversely now the Ravens will probably get the ball back."
Oh my god chuck was playing 4D chess on the field
The amount of Dobbins I’m not seeing is already pissing me off
Unpopular opinion but Ingram shouldnt get too many touches. He doesnt look as great as he did last year. Bus and Dobbins have been better this year.
"If the ravens win by 7 points, I will win $800 on my parlay. Come on boys let's run em down! Ingram baby!"
NEED IV SNEAD
That’s a passing touchdown too 😂
Lamar you owe Snead a Ruth Chris dinner after he gifted you that passing TD
Lamar jackson in the same category as OJ Simpson! Hopefully on the field only 😂
We had 4 dudes there to make a play there
Of course Cam remembers how to play football when he plays us JFC
looks like Calais Campbell is a bigger deal on that D-line than i thought
Fuck. We’re definitely missing Campbell and Jimmy Smith. Smith was having a pro bowl season
The notion that Hollywood is a number one is hilarious.
Hows that a hold
Yo Ingram in commercials now
Just imagine what ole Poop Braid is gonna do to us next weekend...
"Everytime we play the pats that works, do we not coach that... turn your head around and play the ball"
That gave me serious PTSD from 2014
Terrible coverage by Queen on the trick play
"1 catch in the first half for Marquise?

Incoming *souljas* tweet by the end of the night."
Snead is our WR1 lmao
Hollywood Brown nowhere near open again. 0-for-3
is it too goddamn much to ask for a true no.1 WR in my lifetime
Game could be 13-13. But noooooo
Lmao if we are making Damien Harris look this good then I don’t even want to watch us against Henry next week
“Ravens are a second half team” I whisper to myself knowing my happiness for the rest of the night relies on this statement being true
"I honestly think Duvernay is better than Hollywood, I don’t understand why he gets so little play time"
We're ok guys.  Only down by 3.  I know the end of the half was a bad play but we will be fine.   Come back after half and do the damn thing.
Remember Yannick Ngakue or whatever the fuck?
"Welp, we are currently getting stomped by the team that barely beat the Jets, fuck"
"Great, now I have to watch this fucking defense again."
Done for the season. We’re fucked
We must have an illegal formation every fucking game
I haven't been this mad and deflated since the last 2017 game
Aside from the one play lamar looks good. Our team is in shambles though
"Outside of the INT, Lamar is having a good game. It’s the defense losing the fucking game"
"THIS MAN THROWING DOTS IN A FUCKING MONSOON!!  NO MORE, “HE CANT PASS” BS"
Does Yannick have a single tackle as a Raven?
At least Peters is fired up.  Wake up the rest of the D MP.
Give us DUVERNAY THIS NEXT DRIVE
Rollercoaster of emotions rn
That spot was an absolute joke. Wasn’t even close to the first down. Literally could be the difference in the game.
Even Collinsworth took Belichik’s dick out of his mouth to call out that cheating ass ref.
Give our defense credit they gave us a shot
This defense would have been nice to see in the first half
"Defense has stepped up all year, even with injuries... LETS GO OFFENSE!!! (If we lose I’m blaming Greg Roman)"
Skura ruined that entire drive smh
there's no way skura can play center next week if he keeps fucking up snapping
"Who would have guessed it, another penalty to end the game for us.  No discipline"
"20 point streak in jeopardy. Also, no turnovers forced. Also also Injuries. Out of spite* I will continue to wear my piss socks"
Lamar is the only good player on the offense but he gets blamed every game
"I feel confident blaming this loss on Matt Skura, injuries, and the weather"
"Dolphins fan here, all I want to say is destroy these asshats. Need I say more?"
I hope you guys win. Love you guys and stay healthy and get a Win.
Defender ran Hollywood's route better than he did
The patriots pass rush is dookie butt
The receivers on this team get absolutely 0 separation for Lamar. It's so frustrating to watch.
">Judon 102 out of 111

kek

Edit: guess he heard me"
Why is the MVP trophy so skimp lol it looks more like a player of the month award
This is a classic time killer drive. I like it. Gotta give Credit to Roman so far! Let’s go boys!
"""We didn't jinx him that time"" *cries in missed tucker kick face* lol"
Would love to see us use Duvernay a bit in plays like that
the refs fucking hate this team for some reason
Of course our Defense decides not to show up
Typical pats bullshit pick plays
The NFL really needs to decide if it wants to allow pick plays or not.  I'm sick of these fucking grey area plays that only certain teams are allowed to run.
Did they just tackle Andrews into the first down
That was a soft as fuck holding call.
Wtf was that Animation. Looked like a kids first try in the 90s
Defense is getting bent over right now lol
Why are we the team that the Pats always like to pull these trick plays on?
"Why does it pour when the Ravens are driving but not when the patriots are? 

#weathergate"
"Can they suck the patriots off any harder???  Please, this is turning into a bukkake fest."
"That was such a lame duck pass too, just begging to be picked off."
"They have 1 good corner, and you throw at him"
if hollywood can't separate then he has to at least not get boxed out to the sideline on every damn throw
Imagine throwing jump balls to a 5’8 wr
"I really don't want to hear Hollywood is enough for this team anymore. I don't. He is too small to be effective in this league, he isn't getting separation from anyone at all so clearly hes not that fast. Failed experiment move on"
Lamar needs to learn to just settle sometimes. He was going for TD when we are already in FG range
Game not over yet  but if we don’t stop the run out the gate it is
"I have seen maybe 2 elite plays from Hollywood in 1.5 seasons. Cardinals game winner and TD vs the Jets. (Maybe I'm being too harsh here)  


DK and AJ Brown make 2 a game."
"You really can't make any excuse for that throw. Hollywood isn't known for making contested catches, we have the best kicker in the league and are approaching FG range to tie it, and now the Patriots get the ball back to start the second half."
This is sort of exactly the game I expected/feared. My Patriot fan friends and family have been talking about getting killed by the Ravens and I’ve consistently been like “you have FAR more faith in my team than I do.”
"Lamar's stats before the pick were very good. However, we still have zero ability to push the ball vertically. It disappeared between last season and this."
We need to win this. Without Campbell & possibly Williams next week Henry is gonna run for 300 yards.
Hollywood Brown will always be referred to as 'Antonio Brown's cousin'.
SToP COpmPlaIninG YoUre Fair WEaTHer FAnS
"#Are we cursed??

Seriously, we're losing multiple players to injuries EVERY GAME. Tf is happening?"
Yall im fucking drunk. We gotta start tackling people. Im throwing my name in to be our new linebacker. I can get fat. Ill block
Who the fuck thought that play was a good idea. WHY DO COORDINATORS TRY TO GET CUTE ON 4TH DOWN JUST RUN A NORMAL PLAY
YOU HAVE ONE OF THE BEST PLAYMAKERS IN THE GAME NATURALLY UNDER CENTER AND YOU MOVE HIM??? WHY
Why the fuck didnt they QB sneak it or something? Direct snap to Ingram who has sat out the past 2 games in the rain!? What the FUCK
I gotta get up at 445. These next couple weeks are gonna be exhausting. Win or lose.
"And now Boyle.

Do they keep stats on most injuries in a 2 week span?"
I’m getting real tired of the procedural penalties
"Typical greg Roman playcalling over complicated, could give adam gase a run for his money🤣"
Why didn't Lamar make him catch that?
This is such a miserable game.
"I think I need to reduce my passion for football, this is bad for my mental health lol"
"Ravens offense.

If its Dobbins its a toss outside.

If its gus its up the middle

If its justice hill he goes out on the flat.

If its 3rd and short its a Lamar run.

If its a big pass to a WR they will drop it.

If its a big play to a TE its negated by illegal formation.

Skura is going to mess up 4 snaps"
For the exception of that pick at the end of half Lamar has played well
Snead is our best WR... Lamar and him have great chemistry.
Finally gave up less than 12 yards on a first down run.
WE ARE A SECOND HALF TEAM NOW (Which I would 100% take)
Due for a turnover. No excuse not to get one in this rain...
"Ravens close to within 23-17, thanks to the Lamar Jackson-Willie Snead connection.

Jackson is 4-of-5 with 2 TDs targeting Snead tonight.

For the season, Jackson is now 23-of-29 with 3 TDs and an interception when throwing at Snead.

\-jamisonhensley"
Snead has heart 💜
Like the call. Gotta punt it with this much time left coming off a huge stop.
BULLSHIT FUCKING SPOT
That’s legit one of the worst spots I’ve seen watching football.
Lol Board outplaying Queen
Yannick with the pressure so much and big stop by Board
"Ngakoue showed up a bit there, got some really good pressure.

ALSO CHRIS BOAAAARDDDDDDD"
It's lamar's time to shine! Let's fucking go!! Prove the haters wrong!
#FUCK THE PATRIOTS
How is Skura still playing
How did Marcus peters not draw a holding??
"so fucking pissed. Defense, Skura, boyle hurt, rain and yet lamar is gonna get all the blame tomorrow"
Bench Skura. That's two straight games of poor snapping and one of them came at the worst time.
"1:10 seconds to score a td, show them why you are the MVP Lamar"
"backed up to our end zone, 1st and 20, no timeouts, need a td, and we call up a te screen for 5 yards"
The timing of the worst part of that storm was incredibly uncalled for
I hate Matt skura
All opinions aside about who won or lost this game for us. We need to absolutely fucking pick 2 running backs and run them. Gus averaged 6 yards a carry and got 7 touches. This running back by committee shit is not working. Gus and JK are it feed them the ball................
imagine not having lamar jackson on your team lmao
LETS GO MOTHERFUCKERS I've spent the entire day putting the final touches on a boring ass 30 pg paper and I'm so FUCKING ready for this
"How we win this game:

-No turnovers

That's literally it. Our defense will handle the rest. All we need to do is not turn the ball over and run it. Let's go."
Our line looks SO MUCH better this week
Does anyone else feel like we haven't been using Ricard well this year at all?
"That deep sideline throw from lamar to hollywood was actually... pretty good?

Hollywood just got bodied out of bounds there."
Come back and find this comment when we get a turnover this drive. It’s coming.
Ingram starting over Dobbins is odd.
Big sack by Judon. Took 3 points away from them
How about the playcalling so far on this drive? Pretty happy with it to be honest!
I really wish Duvernay would be given more looks on offense
Quick first quarter
Is Bill's son rocking a mullet.
Super quick 1st quarter.
This game goes any quicker I may be in bed by 10:15.
"🚎🚎🚎

Beep beep motherfuckers"
YOU CAN'T PREP FOR CHRISTMAS TILL AFTER THANKSGIVING
Not to jinx it but what a freaking drive thus far.
The O looking on pace. Not trying to force things. Its looking like last weeks second half. Looking good so far.
Roman finally not making his play calls so obvious.
Lowering the helmet? You mean lowering himself to make the hit?
"It's not a real Ravens game if the refs aren't raw-dogging us, guys."
Fuck you Hochuli your dad could still beat your ass
"""Cam is such a hero, Al. He's a modern day Jesus Christ really."""
That was such shit defense my God.
">Ravens say NT Brandon Williams is questionable to return with ankle injury.


The offense needs to get it (keep it) together because this defense is basically fucked."
"Lmao, thanks for that first down guy!"
Bernard Pollard in shambles lol
Suuuuper weak call
What the hell was that graphic?
starting to feel like that pats hummer right now
Our run D needs to get shot into the fucking sun.
This is completely horrible to watch
"These injuries have fucking gutted us, on our 9th string corner we just signed off the street"
Derrick Henry is probably getting very excited for next week watching this game rn
Absolutely pathetic showing by this defense
Its not just Queen thats also on the free safety that stayed in the middle the whole time
Tie the game up? Nah let's go full Flacco with it and throw a ridiculous double coverage low percentage throw.
Marquise just doesn't have the size to win those battles.
"There is no point to throw to brown unless he’s wide open, he’s not getting contested balls."
[deleted]
What's the point of throwing it at a soulja when they can't get any separation in the first place?
Lol Patriot fans talking shit about Lamar like he didnt body them last year. He killed the “boogey men” 😂
I hope D makes adjustments like O did last week at half. Why cant we just have a good pace on both sides?
"Derrick Henry is going to do nasty, unspeakable things to this defense."
"Injuries slowly turning us into the fucking niners

&#x200B;

pain"
"Harbs talks about us ""winning the big one this year"" and we play like this lmao"
People saying we shouldn't be complaining because it was just 1 half real quiet right now
"Queen getting blocked out of the play by a wide receiver. Classic

Edit: James White. Still bad"
I worry that GRo is going to panic and abandon the successful gameplan now.
Oh boy here comes the Roman Air Raid offense
Same old Ravens
#Anyone notice how the PATs continue to do what they do best with there best players? Notice how they dont put in a 4th string RB at the goaline or try passing 2 of 3 downs on very good DBs in terrible weather conditions. Anyone else see how they run the damn ball until you stop it? Maybe Roman should take note....
"People are giving Belicheck so much props for ""exploiting"" our team.. fucking joke

Our OL is banged up, so they blitz heavy

Our DL is banged up, so they run heavy..

Does he deserve an award for making obvious scheme decisions?"
Our defense is just gutted with injuries
I'd be surprised if the pats throw 5 more times today
Why...why do we keep getting cute. Just have Lamar take that snap like a normal fucking offense
So whose ready to watch derrick henry bitch us again next week
"We are literally playing with no Campbell, no Williams, no Fort, no Jimmy Smith, a banged up Peters and Wolfe, and now no Bonds. Not even sure we have 11 players to send out there. Doesn't matter if we explode on offense, defense can't make a stop.

Need a change, quick, or 6-5 could be a reality before you know it with the way this run defense is playing."
I have a Ravens helmet and a jersey...im flying up there and getting in
"Dudes are dropping left and right, fuck this weather man"
This game is cursed.
So many tickytack bs calls against us
"This is the real reason that the offensive coordinator should be in trouble.  Every game, these terrible penalties."
"Huh, imagine that. Another illegal formation. Awesome."
How the fuck are we still getting illegal formation penalties every week and its week 10? Undisciplined play and shit coaching.
Asking us to throw to get back into the game with the best weather is tough.
So Bill is getting fined for all this yelling at the refs with the mask off right... RIGHT???
Matt skura has been trash the last 2 games
"""You can't have snaps like that against a team like the Patriots""

Lmao Collinsworth is such a fucking idiot. Is there a team that it's GOOD to have bad snaps against?"
Snead is really our number 1 WR. I look at all the WRs other great QBs have and it hurts
Snead for team MVP
Tucker. Nothing stops that ball from being dead center.
I love watching the absolute raw “id” of this sub go from abject depression to ejaculation and right back in seconds
Lamar has been super impressive with everything considered.
Ravens aren’t winning this game without a turnover. Stack the line and make Cam Newton beat you in a monsoon.
You know it's been an awful game of run defense when Marcus Peters makes the run stop of the game so far.
We need our turnover streak turnover right about now
"On a positive note, Duv and Proche have done a great job catching kicks in this weather."
"When zoomed out it looks like the weather is fine, then they zoom in and you can really tell how bad the rain is."
"Fuck the Haters, come on Lamar, it's all on you"
Absolutely love proche’s hands
Proche is really good at catching punts. Underrated job that a lot of guys have trouble with.
He’s been doing that every punt and it was the reason we got the first penalty of the game
Please get a saftey?
Man Hollywood has gone to shit since he tweeted that BS. Get open lil dude.
"I know i'd regret it, but having Antonio Brown might have been really sick"
Didn't Robert Kraft get caught supporting a sex salon that trafficked young women from Asia?
Admittedly Collinsworth calling out their spotting bullshit.
Fuck off with that spot. Fuck you refs
"Alright guys, no more game thread for me. I can't handle this"
Wink can make plays with a banged up D and roman still serving us dog shit and we supposed to be ok with that lol
Skura is gone. Should be sent home before the end of the game
"Fuck Skura, leave him in Boston and make him walk home"
Thanks skura. Literally screwed us out of a promising drive.
[deleted]
"If it rained hard enough, could the ball float as it would in a pool, allowing for a hail mary?"
Lamar cannot be blamed for this loss dude absolutely balled out. But you know the narratives tomorrow. In fact ESPN and FS1 haven’t been this happy since the clippers lost to the nuggets
Lamar deserves so much more than what we are giving him... a once in a generation athlete & we can’t capitalize. Absolutely embarrassing.
Roman gotta go. One trick pony who will only end up preventing Lamar from developing if allowed to
"No idea how this front office looked at the wide receiver group this offseason and said, ""Yeah. Looks good. Let's go with that."""
"https://twitter.com/sharpfootball/status/1328184477877735425?s=21

Fuck the refs"
LMFAO. Yeah we suck but im writing that game off. What a fucking joke that weather is. Skura needs to be cut.
"""The Ravens are **not** the Jets"" lmaoo"
"[Tree up, dog asleep, Ravens ready to cook. It’s a great night for America.](https://i.imgur.com/WSCWGt9.jpg)"
Hollywood is 48 of 116. oof
Let’s go back to the ball to Hollywood. Hollywood has got to show more strength there. Got pushed about like a child.
"While I despise our playcalling, yall need to chill the fuck out lmao. Newfans everywhere"
Injury gods fucking hate Raven corners
The fact that MP left under his own power is a good sign.
Feel a LJ scramble coming
Lamar is pitching right now😤
Vegas must have known something with the 43.5 total lol
GUS
THE BUS BABY
This has been an awesome drive. We need to do this always.
"I am loving this drive here. Grinding it out, constantly moving forward"
I’m loving the play calling rn keep it up
This is a good drive. Especially given the conditions.
Y’all I love this drive.
Wtf happened to GRo
"Lessgo, I'll stop my Snead hate for at least the rest of the half"
Let’s see if Peters comes out on D
did somebody say it was time... for a ***FRUIT PUNCH???***
"Imagine working at these ad agencies. In the conference room like “picture this, theres a baseball glove and an empty hoodie going fucking bananas in a shipping facility”"
Fuck that call. Elliott made a good hit.
Why do the ravens always get the BS calls against them
Where the fuck is our D
"Defense did not look alive there, but starting the drive off with a BS penalty definitely didn't help"
"You guys need to calm down, its one drive and this defense is injured as fuck"
Earl thomas’ wife left him this week btw...
"I want to get excited about Hollywood, but I haven't really seen anything great from this year from him."
No holding there lmao
"Honestly... Hollywood isn't inspiring a lot of confidence in me lately. Don't think he's doing bad on the year, per se, but he seems like a JAG Plus. A tier above JAG right now."
Are we sure Minnesota sent us Yannick?
Three guys trying to strip the ball and no one tackling...
I think people are missing the part where we’re missing like 4 playmakers on defense rn💀
Seeing all these blitzers not even acknowledge the ball carrier makes me realize just how spoiled we were with Suggs ability to play the run too.
Man I realllllly want Harrison to be a player. His stats won't show much but he's a physical presence out there.
I miss Campbell
We need Campbell and Williams back for Thursday idc what harbs says
That was the most shocking coverage I’ve ever seen
Lol i told yall we about to make NE look good. But i got downvoted for saying it. Most Ravens shit ever
"In 10 quarters with the Ravens now Ngakoue has 2 tackles, 0 sacks, 0 TFL."
Nice of NE to call that TO for Harbs
Hey Hollywood go back to tweeting
Shit decision lamar. Wtf
Hes been beating hollywood on every snap
Quit tweeting Hollywood.
A speed guy who can’t get separation fuck me
That's the type of throw you give to dez bryant.
That was on Lamar. But Jesus fucking christ Hollywood. Can you not get AN INCH of separation???
"Every week that passes I am less and less impressed by Brown. I simply do not think, as of now, he is going to be a good NFL WR."
Forcing to the 5'9 WR down deep is not wise.
"Keep the Truzz, big second half coming up 👏"
Lamar made a shitty throw. Hollywood is a tiny ass WR that’s never gonna fight for the ball leading to picks
"Run a yard or five and take the field goal dammit we have Tucker  

That was just stupid ass decision"
"That ball shouldn't have been thrown, but at this point is Hollywood any better then Torrey Smith ever was?"
"We need a true WR1 so badly. I'm beginning to get frustrated with Brown and I cant tell how much of it is him being asked to do too much and how much of it is him just not performing. 

Cant seem to ever get separation."
"That was bad separation (non) by Hollywood, but also a terrible throw by Lamar. Both things can be true"
"At this point I’m ready to go full Matt Millen.

Just keep drafting WRs in the 1st round until we get our Calvin Johnson."
"hollywood isn't bad, he just isn't a #1 wr. we've known that for a while now."
"Queen made 5% effort to get off that block, what the fuck"
"Every single play on that possession looked like the worst defensive play I’ve ever seen.

Get Ray on the line."
This is embarrassing. This is a patriots with zero talent on offence and defence destroying us. Fucking hell.
"Last week, defense bailed out offense in key drives.  It's time the offense steps it up and fucking shows up"
Sure. Take the ball out of Lamar's hands.
"I thought that 4th and 3 call against the Steelers was bad, take a bow g-ro"
Of all fucking plays it’s a direct snap to Ingram
Greg Roman needs to be fucking gone. Tomorrow. Those were the 2 worst consecutive play calls I’ve ever fucking seen.
out of all the plays to call on 4th an 1
Judon's a liability at this point.
"How TF do we kill the undefeated tom brady pats, but not these guys?"
"Can't wait for Harbaugh's post game presser where he says ""we just didn't execute, I'm happy with where our guys are at""."
The only honorable thing to do is have the whole team commit sedoku
"Humph is grabbing his shoulders, that’s about right"
that soup looks disgusting
His knee is shattered.
Pretty sure his leg just got broken.
And there goes Boyle for the season.
"He died honorably for this pathetic game, god bless him"
"Thats an underratedly dirty as fuck play. He literally left his feet, dove, and speared Boyle’s legs. 

I seriously want them to go after that guy"
God Boyle is tough
How many times this season has the Ravens offense been called for not having enough players on the line of scrimmage? It certainly feels like *a lot*.
How big of a take is it that players shouldn’t be playing on Artificial turf in a monsoon?
I'd go wildcat here
another bad snap for badddd snap by skura
get skura the fuck off the field
Is Willie Snead our #1 WR?
We’re still in this *despite* everything.
Colinsworth is sucking the Patriots ding dong so hard rn
Bruh Snead is #1
That tackle on Harris to end the quarter looked awkward as hell for Harris but I'll take the loss of yards.
We sneaded that
It is actually stunning how poor the graphics are for SNF. This is a billion-dollar machine and like everyone I know could do better than that in 20 minutes with Photoshop.
lamar is playing great. we can’t waste this performance doing dumb shit on defense
Peters almost created a TO.  They're feeling it baby!
The Athletic just had a great piece about Boyle. I'm so sad for him.
I’ll tell you what with all the punt return woes we’ve had over the years I respect Proche coming in as a rookie and handling business
"The moodswings I have on this game are insane, lets fucking go"
This is one of Lamar’s biggest moments in his career... hate to say it
Watch Lamar score here and this game instantly goes from big game to beat the team that almost lost to the Jets
Come on d. Save my mental health
Hill is a great gunner hes held on ever gunner for a reason
I hope we don’t regret this
Defense needs a big stop. Flip the field for the O.
Absolutely no fucking way this should be even close. That’s fucking terrible by the refs
That looked pretty clearly short in real time??
Gerry Sandusky going off about the spot
When the commentators are even saying the ref moved the spot....wtf
#Bullshit
This game is hell.
Good shit defense
Nasty series by the D. Guys in the backfield on almost every play.
THIS is the drive where we have to go all out. This is the drive where Lamar can prove them all wrong.
Gus Bus please. Get the W and get the hell out.
If Skura doesn’t get the blame of the week
Matt Skura has ended his own career today I fear.
Skura gets the blame deadass.
Skura screwed that whole drive
really sad loss. this shit defense tonight plus the injuries plus whatever the fuck skura is on plus the wack penalties. what a shit sunday
20 point streak and turnover streak both bout to end
No hold on that run?
Blame of the game is easily Skura
Is Peters not being held?!?!
Peter's was held so bad his nipple clamps had to be reset...
Wouldn’t be surprised if harbaugh told Clark to do that. Was pretty smart ngl
If the defense can hold we have a chance with a 1:20 or so
This is almost the exact same situation as the Mile High Miracle
Would have been nice if our center didn’t throw the ball 20 yards into the backfield
Chuck Claek is so fuckin smart.
Here's your fucking chance. No drops no penalties no dickhead snaps from fat fuck.
"It isn't often that I point to one play and say it cost us the game, but that last bad snap sure seemed to."
Put the blame of the game thread up
"It's raining even harder now hilarious. 

I'm writing this game off as an outlier. There's not going to be rain like this in January."
Best rushing team in the league and we get stomped in the rain. Absolutely embarrassing waste of all our time
20 points a game streak snapped 😔
We don't give Lamar enough credit.
All those Lamar designed runs and nothing? All passes? IN A FUCKING MONSOON?!
Skura single handedly murdered our offense.
"Ah, so Greg Roman CAN use his pieces in effective, intuitive ways. But only once he has been publicly humiliated for several weeks straight."
"If we drop this game, the steelers have the division."
"Honestly Colinsworth just doesn't like the Ravens. He doesn't shut up about the opposing team when losing. Has no words when the Ravens are winning. Even when the Ravens just lost multiple starters in the game, all this prime time analysts can say is how much fight the opposing team has... Am I crazy or is this anyone else's truth?"
the game ended a while ago. We're a wild card team this year. It's time to get ready for it
We really aren’t THAT good. Just too many mistakes every week.
"Takeaways from this game:

-We are not Super Bowl contenders *this* year, injuries and we don't have the offensive depth.

-Lamar is good, everyone chill out

-Matt Skura no good

-We need to pay up for a top wide receiver. We are no good at drafting and developing wrs."
"Was Hollywood open? Nope. Did he get separation? Nope. Was the ball under thrown? Yup. 

Hard to blame Hollywood for that pick."
That looks like a perfect form tackle to me. Refs are shit.
can never have our offense and defense show up simultaneously
Guys calm down it’s one drive
Hollywood doing a lot of talking and not much producing
"Those were terrible goal line calls.

Hollywood had no chance, Hill had no chance. Plus these conditions? Come on, man."
Sigh....hard not to think that’s a forced throw due to Brown bitching
Only throw to Hollywood if he has ran past the defender. Otherwise its 50/50 on whether it is an interception.
"This whole team need a reset. 

Fire Greg Roman, cut Mark Ingram, let Judon walk, Get a veteran possession WR, Get Marcus Peters a therapist or anger management, Get Lamar back with that passing guru, and change the locks so Greg Roman can't get back into the facility."
Clark jumped offsides to save clock. Did it on purpose.
I would like us to win this football game.
Stunting begins
"It is my hope the Ravens score a number of points greater than the number of points they allow the Patriots to score. Enjoy this contest of professional athletes, fellows."
There will be about 14:39 left in the first before I get tired of Chris Collinsworth. Ugh
"If you're in Baltimore, charge your phone rn. I've heard power is going out in and around the city."
That was an accurate deep throw just good ass coverage honestly
Hollywood’s double move did absolutely nothing to McCourty
I like to see attempts at deep passing plays
Hollywood gets bumped off routes so easily 🤦🏼‍♂️
Why so many fucking passes to start?
We're in for a long day against Tennessee if we keep this up
Im so scared the Ravens thinking its gonna be an easy game and making NE look good.
"- Justice Hill            
                        🤝     Doing dumb shit that costs us yards
- Judon"
I fucking hate Greg Roman
I remember being so confident last season every time Lamar dropped back it was going to end in a positive play. Now he drops back and I expect disaster to strike.
How TF was that not a false start?!?
That not a false start?
The patriots first drive is literally what ours should have been
Lmao holy shit PFF is terrible
Judon haters can't say nothing at this specific moment
Does it make anyone else uncomfortable how integrated PFF has become with the Sunday Night Football broadcast? They treat that shit like its they are a branch of the NFL with official statistics or some shit.
Why would you fair catch a ball at the 5 that you need to turn around to grab?
MANDREWS
DOES LAMAR PLAY OUT OF THE PISTOL OR NOT
Duuuvvvvvv
My nerves are calmed
We need to keep this pace. It's affective. Dont try nothing crazy Lamar
DUVVVVVV SPEED KILLS!
Solid drive
That drive was pretty good...
"#YES. YOU NEED IT.

#THAT NEED IV SNEAD.

#EMBRACE IT!!"
SNEADS HAS BEEN ON HIS A GAME FOR A WHILE. LETS GOOOO
I left for TWO MINUTES.... I can't be mad tho. LEGGO BOYS
probably the best drive i’ve seen all season
"I would love to see Lamar break 250 passing tonight, even would settle for 200+"
Peters back on the field let's go
[This entire sub to Greg Roman after that drive](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/035/070/perhaps_i_treated_you_too_harshly.png)
That was as clean a hit as you can have
Ngakoue needs a sack
We’re missing Calais
Fucking terrell
"This is how the Colts started against us too. Really attacking the edges. We made good adjustments at the half, I expect the same today."
Lamar wanted to sling that so damn bad lol
what did we do to piss off the injury gods
Mandrews got launched on that hit damn
they hit him into the 1st lol
That's was 10x worse than our hit
"get off hollywood's dick, i'm sick of all these comments in here. he was heated and made a dumb tweet. get over it. jesus."
I don't like Justice Hill getting any offensive snaps.
Justice Hill in the game - DID YALL NOT JUST SEE THE GUS BUS WHAT THE FUCK IS HE DOING IN THE GAME
What a weak ass call 🤣
Why the fuck is justice hill in the game on 2 and 3rd down in the red zone
Imagine if this team had AJ Brown. My goodness.
Normally I'm one to not complain about penalties and more often feel its lack of discipline on our own part ...but that felt like a weak call on Fluker.
Anyone else think that wasn't even a hold?
"I'm confused. We have Ingram back, and NOW we use Justice Hill? We couldn't have used him the last 2 weeks?"
"All good, I’ll take the 3. We’ve been moving the ball very well. Defense needs to make a couple stops now. We win with 3 more scores if one of those is a TD"
JC Jackson is manhandling hollywood. Same happened last wk w/ xavier rhodes.
Should we have drafted AJ Brown instead on of Hollywood?
I hate these Sunday night football graphics
High quality graphic there haha. Our hummer didn't sputter!
Run defense is absolutely doomed without Campbell and Williams
They’re getting 5-7 yards rushing on first down. We’re getting zero pressure
BALTIMORE BALTIMORE WE GOT THIS
I'm a pretty skinny dude and it's crazy to think that I probably weigh one of Calais' legs.
You guys realize that NE has one of the best offensive lines... And missing our interior DL is going to make this a slugfest
ew grandma was probably like I don't want this fucking mutant doll
Baker mayfield puts ketchup on his tacos.
"I really would like to not have to stay awake for this entire game, so if we could start playing defense now, that’d be great..."
"we have to stop the run, this is painful"
69 seconds till halftime
Could  go for a nice tall Fruit Punch right about now before half
We need Brandon Williams back in the second half
HOW DID YOU LET THEM SCORE ON THE MOST COMMON TRICK PLAY FFS
"Ravens a falling for trick plays, name a more iconic duo."
Queen that's ALL on you there buddy.
The trickery shit always catches us snoozing
And NE gets the ball back after halftime
"Fuck, offense is going to have to carry this game"
"#YES HE MISSED IT

#COME ON ONE MINUTE TO AT LEAST TIE IT UP"
Aight. Lets go with this 2 minute drill. Let Hollywood put his money where is mouth is.
Now I gotta endure the cringey tweets saying “that’ll be the best pass you see tonight”
"Let’s utilize our sophisticated passing concepts to help Lamar get a quick TD! Oh wait, GRo doesn’t have those"
"Incoming pats trolls.

Grow up"
"*Campbell and Williams not playing*

""why cant we stop the run?????"""
Why is our fastest receiver always seeming to be running a 5 yard route?
Stop throwing jump balls to Hollywood holy fuck
"Can't throw to Hollywood, and can't underthrow him like that.  He's not fast enough to win and he's not big enough to contest the catch."
And all of this is brought on though Hollywood’s comments.  Force feeding. And that happens.
It’s crazy that tyreek hill is always open and hollywood can never get separation despite being the fastest on the field
Stop riding Hollywood. We need real receivers.
Hollywood crying for the ball on Twitter but hasn’t gotten open all season
"Bruh, Ik lamar is good, mvp,  and has potential to be so much more..but can't defend everything he does"
I hate how they only throw it to Hollywood on this type of throws/situations. Whenever them to get him involved they only do it on some dumb shit like double coverage
Hollywood is not even a number two receiver. He's a liability. He's too fucking weak and small. You can't throw anticipatory pass to him because if any cornerback is even close to him then they can effortlessly manhandle him and dictate his direction
Imagine having Hopkins.
"Alright so really what is Hollywood’s purpose? 

He’s obviously not equipped to be a 50-50 jump ball guy which is fine, but he hasn’t gotten separation at all and has ZERO RAC production because he drops the second anyone gets near him.

So really he’s just a deep ball threat who unfortunately hasn’t shown the ability to be a threat downfield at all this season and has bitched and moaned about not getting more usage."
At least Torrey Smith was big ( bigger than 5'9) and would jump for it.
Please wake the fuck up defense in the 2nd half. Get the ball back. Make this shit right
"If BW is out, we are in trouble with stopping NE run in 2nd half"
Man we are missing Campbell so bad.
Derrick henry is gonna kill us next week
Jesus Ravens shouldn't be worried about COVID. There's a fucking injury bug ravaging our roster.
Cam goes empty and they didn't expect him to run?? What is going on rn man!!!!
Fuck it. Just put 6 DL out there. Don't care who it is. Can't be worse than this...
Anyone else embarrassed right now?
everyone has bad games. It happens. But this is really not a game we can afford to lose.
Williams is out for the game.  Fuck
"Whatever drugs Ben takes to stay healthy, give that shit to Calais and B.Will"
People wigging about roman lmao. Roman don't play defense guys
We're fucked without Campbell and Williams :/
Just a reminder coming into tonight we were #1 in rush defense DVOA. Williams and Campbell matter a lot.
3rd rounder for yannick and he hasn’t done shit
"Lamar. This is the time to show what you can do. Our defense is playing like trash and injured to hell.

Come back. Control this game."
That RB toss from the shotgun must be one of the worst plays ever
This may be the worst coached year of Harbaugh's career.
The Ravens starting o-line consists of Orlando Brown Jr. and 4 guys who would be back ups on every other team
That's game. Fuck this.
Ok. Back to needing to fire Greg Roman.
We put in Ingram to receive a shotgun snap on 4th down when it's raining this bad?
When it rains it pours
That might’ve been the worst play call I ever seen
lol Greg Roman needs to go. Wtf is that play call
WtF play call was that GROMAN?
"Retarded 4th down play call AGAIN. Fire roman holy shit.

Ppl need to seriously spam all social media and radio to get this fucking dunce out of here."
Wait wait wait. Lamar isn't back there to receive the snap... That's the call against Palpatine over there?
I’m past fire Greg Roman.
Fucking called it. They were gonna fuck up that 4th down. What a fucking embarrassment... against the dogshit pats too.
"Fire Greg Roman, the man is an idiot."
Popular Opinion: Fire Greg Roman.  Or at least take away his playcalling duties jesus.
If Greg Roman has a job tomorrow morning then Harbaugh is a fucking pussy
"This team will probably go 10-6/11-5, then lose our first playoff game to the chiefs or some shit."
Direct snap to RB in rain on 4th n 1....ok
"#Roman needs to go.

Should've done it a while ago tbh."
Lets get #FireGregRoman trending on Twitter please.
There's your dumbass Matt Judon penalty of the game.
Judons weekly foul
That’s simply not a penalty.
"That was a bad call, not Judon's fault dude is 100lbs"
"Queen getting smoked, or just me?"
"pernell ""Matthew judon"" mcphee"
F's in the chat for all of the European fans who have stayed up til 3:15am on a Monday morning to watch this game
Fuck. Now Marlon is hurt.
Well Lamar here’s your chance to pull off a big time comeback and shut everyone up
At least the major damage was averted.   Down by 2 scores.  It can be done.  Show them whats up Lamar.  Prove yourself.
"queen is having another rough game, gave up that td he could have defended if he would've turned around, and every tackle it looks like he's getting drove forward like 3 yards. he needs to put on some weight."
Fuck if the pats are asking for medical staff then it’s serious
give us a fucking break
Omg I bet he broke his fuckin leg or something. They immediately said “oh shit” on the field. God damn it I feel so bad for Boyle oh man :(
"*scooby doo meme where he unmasked the 2020 ravens and it’s just the 2015 ravens*

Fuckin injuries man"
Don't rewind to watch that. Just don't.
"Knee diving bullshit, I'm sure that is what BB teaches 100%"
"Don’t worry, we can have hurst step in! Oh wait..."
Y’all can’t be blaming Lamar for Boyle🤦🏾‍♂️
I never want to see that injury again.
We must lead the league in illegal formation penalties
Team Gonna be practicing on the hospital beds
"This is just a sad game, I can barely even watch"
Jesus Christ Pats need to calm the fuck down
Sit ingram start gus
You all want to know why Lamar looks like he doesn't give a shit anymore? Just look at this team. He literally can't do anything. And he is going to take all the flack for it because his team is shit. You can't polish a turd and call it chocolate.
Gus has been our most reliable offensive player for quite a while now it seems lol
Wow Skura is a shitty snapper
"We’re just need two TDs 

Let’s get it"
Gus Edwards is the only player on this offense that is consistently reliable.
#SNEAD WR #1!!!
"Fuck, I'm wetter than the football. That was an amazing drive."
D gotta make a play now though
"Lamar could be so good with a creative OC like the Chefs have, they even got great developed role players beavsue the OC knows how to use everyone."
"The good news is we scored.

The bad news is that our defense is getting back on the field."
THERE YOU GO JUCIEMANNNN
I enjoyed Peters saying screw this. I enjoyed it a lot.
MP JUICEMAN making the plays
Two stops man cmon give Lamar a chance
Just one stop is all we need defense
Underrated play by Yannick there that won't be on the stay sheet eating up that blocker
Yannick has a nice play on that 2nd down to slow blockers and let Judon clean up
"Finally, the defense is awake"
"#LET'S GO, THERE'S THE RAVENS D"
Boston is such an oddly nice looking city. So many historic buildings looking like theyre straight out of 1776 surrounded by modern.
Im honestly just confused as to why were so wildly inconsistent
Who’s fatter? Justin ellis or Big Ben?
Holy fuck it’s 10pm I am not ready for this week. I procrastinated a lot on Friday
Shut up collinsworth 🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾
"I honestly wonder if Lamar is not running as much because he is tired of the ""running QB"" talk. He seems like it."
5 yard curl on 3rd and 12
Holding. On the receiving team. The penalty moves the ball back 3 inches. First down.
"Nice job drawing a holding, Justice."
And thats why you punt good call.
lol lamar wanted to stay on. i love him
"All right, now the defense needs to show itself again. We know they're going to run because they're pin deep so stop the run and force them to punt from their end zone and we'll get great field position."
"I’m fine with us not going for it there. Too much risk and too little reward with too much time left. 

Plus we backed their ass up"
"Just wanna say no matter what, I love you guys"
Hollywood was too busy posting himself squatting on IG to actually improve his game
Patrick queen has looked awful tonight
Bullshit spot
Awful fucking spot
"Chris, you just described cheating bud, welcome to New England."
THAT SPOT WAS FUCKING TERRIBLE
Bro these refs are blind
What is that bullshit spot
THATS THE BULLSHITEST SPOT IVE EVER SEEN
CHRIS BOARD
Wow we were all over that play
Time for Lamar to make up for that bonehead INT.
"In the pocket

No close receiver

Under pressure

Why no grounding?"
Chuck is calling out their plays
That shot of lamar was pure gold
Board man gets paid babayyy
OFFENSE STEP THE FUCK UP!!!!!!!!
We better be 2-6 on games trailing at half. This shit has got to stop
Cmon Lamar! Stunt on these hoes!
Lamar gonna end this 😈
Target Mandrews and Snead and feed JK and Gus. Run it right over them
Good tackle by Board but it really was Yannick's rush that made that play.
You guys are getting fucked by the refs!
Skura just lost us this game
Skura hiked this game right out the fucking window.
That hit on Lamar gets called 9.9 times out of 10.
Holy shit that throw was bad bad like there was 3 pats that were ready to pick that
Do y’all see how quick they are blowing plays dead for them but for us it’s yeah let’s let every defender on the team get a lick on our guy
This fucking O-line man. I want to go back and find the cunt who downvoted me and said I was dumb for being worried about them.
We'd be in a much better spot if we got that FG earlier rather then the Lamar INT.
Steelers 9-0 and we just got embarrassed by a shit team... lord
"Lamar Jackson: guys we can actually win this game!



Skura: lemme introduce myself"
What about the hold what the hell???????
How the fuck was that not holding on Peters?
Actually not a bad idea to go offsides
Chuck did that on purpose it's actually a smart play.
Honestly not a bad penalty
Honestly haven't been so emotionally deflated by injuries since that horrific 2015 season
Watch Lamar come back from this! 👀
"Please, one series of good snaps Skura"
"This team was great to start the season... but you can't be a great team when half your team is on IR. Even if we win this game, it's gonna be a TOUGH road the rest of the season. We'll make the wildcard game... but it's gonna have to be Lamar of 2 years ago when it's just him using his legs to win games."
"It’s a fucking mess out there.

The weather is too."
Mother Nature decided to get worst and be like naaah famm go home.
The weather is a Pats fan
"Beyond pathetic, fucking pathetic"
Last year Lamar showed up to this game. Apparently no one else did.
THAT IS ONE OF THE WORST DRIVES IVE EVER FUCKING SEEN
The entire interior oline is expendable IMO. Really need replacements there.
We have 1 tight end...last year we had 3
"Oh hey Pats trolls.

Go fuck yourselves.

Signed,
Ravens fans"
"Lamar slander is outrageous, he’s literally the only one who showed up today. Blame the rush D, gash after gash in the run game"
"You know... People want to try to shit on lamar being more of an ""RB"" but if it works it works"
Just 6 days ago Flacco and the Jets put up 20 in the first half against the Pats
"""Why throw to your souljas when they fail to get any separation?"""
Are we allowed to complain yet? Just checking.
The injuries are too overwhelming this year.
Man who would have thought we would be this crappy this season? So weird.
It ain’t Lamar guys
Fuck yeahhhh
Mike Trico picked the Patriots to win? I want whatever he's on right now lmao
It just sunk in that the Ravens are about to play... Let's fucking go
"Fuck the pats! Good luck guys, I gotta go to bed."
It takes 10 years to get open? Lmao
aight that was a weak drive but that last throw wasn't terrible
O-line looks like they are holding up pretty good thus far.
"Toyota Venza

For when you’ve given up on life"
"Sooooo the Pats are doing what we should be doing

right good okay"
Malik didnt get the tackle but made that play
Hitting Cam Newton looks fucking painful
No xbox for you deshonn
Lmfao how do you miss that obvious false start
I miss Campbell
Belichick is going to capitalize on the Calais hole
Judon and Queen grades are a yikes
Judon saw that stat and took it personally
Walk it off Juiceman...walk it off
This sub simultaneously wants us to run the ball & pass it lol.
Run the ball with JK or Gus.
progressive commericals are so fucking bad
God I love JK he just doesn’t stop running
Dobbins just doesn’t go down on first contact
Get off him you fat fuck Guy
A slant! It worked! Let’s never run it again
"If there’s one thing I like about Snead, it’s he runs with great ball security."
Is Bills son rocking a mullet?
I grab my knees everytime Lamar runs
Seems like Duvernay is in over Boykin
Draw up more of those plays for Duv plz Roman
This a nice matriculate the ball down the field kind of drive. Let's hope they can cash it in for 6.
Someone lit a fire under Roman's ass I see...
Let Ingram punch this baby in!  A welcome back TD if you will....
SVU still going strong lol
Long drive to give Juiceman some time to rest up
I feel like Lamar has finally stopped trying to prove he can throw the ball and is actually taking what the defense gives him
"Nice call, lady ref!"
Casual 94 yard drive right there
SNEEEEEEEEEEEAD
Snead deserves more recognition man
God this playcalling has me at full-mast.
"g-ro is watching chiefs games! 

Great playcall"
"Last night I rewatched Nick Boyles first career td catch which was last year vs Pats. 
That drive was 8+ min, 14 plays, ~90yds

That drive ending in Snead td- 8+ min, 13 plays, 90+ yards

We are looking GOOD"
The fact that a little toss pass like that counts as a passing touchdown will never not confuse me.
Snead bb
TOUCHDOWN RAVENS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Snead is my fav receiver
"""JT almost never misses"" STFU man lol.  I remember they jinxed him, and it was against the Pats 😤"
Every single time tucker kicks a FG all I can think of is the “STILL FUCKIN GOT IT” video lmao
If this game was in Baltimore we’d hear the BULLSHIT chants after that penalty
Deshon either had to do that or not tackle him at that angle. Fucking nonsense
At least we can move the ball down the field without ref help 🙄
Elliott could've just got another flag. This guy is is undisciplined
"In other news....

The weather outside is weather"
Our defense isn't inspiring much joy at the moment. We really fucking miss Campbell.
Dude quit biting on that play fake
As long as Greg Roman keeps thinking it's 2019 we'll be fine
"When i was a kid, I thought they had someone run on the field in between plays and repaint the yellow line. I was not a smart kid"
Ingram is still a bull but he looks fuckin slow lol
How many times has Collinsworth said “diabetes”?
THIS BUS HAS NO BRAKES
BUSSSSS
lamar and hollywood have no chemistry anymore
We needed Dez on that end Zone pass
GOAT for 3. Better then nothing.
Week hold. Jesus.
Terrible for justice Hill to be in on those two plays. Edwards or Dobbins all day
Glad Bill and Harbaugh agreed to get everyone to bed on time tonight
Bruh what is that animation
"\- Dude, we want some cool animation for SNF

\- Okay, boss, but what animation?

\- I don't know, you're the creative genius, do something!

\- Umm, like, Lamar and Cam battling ninja style?

\- Nah, that's too lame. How about two SUV's going into the forest?

\- Umm, okay, boss, 2 SUVs then"
Can we please clog up the middle for once today?
"We have an offensive linemen on defense, #71"
Bout time we stopped one.   Jc.  Really missing Campbell and Willams right now on the ground
Every fucking run is getting at least 2-3 yards after contact
Yooo wtf if somebody stole the toy dump truck I have tied to the front of my International I’d be pissedddd
We’re so fucking depleted
Lol this is so pathetic
*remembers that we have to face Derrick Henry next week*
We need to get into the fucking backfield
Defense really getting manhandled
IM HAVING NAM FLASHBACKS
Are you fucking serious...
"at least they missed, thank god"
Shit defense
how does belichick save all these trick plays against us
At least it’s still a 3 pt game
Huge miss on extra point tho
Said it last week and I’ll say it again we struggle with misdirection
Queen bit so fucking hard.
"It's annoying that when one side of the ball gets hot, the other gets cold"
Patriots really saved us with that timeout
As of now I just don’t see Hollywood as a #1 WR.
Oh good. Another commercial
Dont force it to hollywood
Hollywood is a negative
Wtf was that throw
Souljas
Bro you have got to be fucking kidding me
You gotta be shitting me. Just fucking throw it away Lamar! What the fuck
How is Hollywood always so out of position on his routes
Can Brown beat anyone? I mean seriously he can never get separation
Lamar trying to force the ball to Hollywood who can't get open
Completely underthrown too. Lamar not doing himself any favors on national TV.
Remember when we were down 3 at half last week?
Maybe Hollywood should try getting some actual separation before going on twitter
We need a big jump ball wr
Why the fuck did he try that. Holy shit.
Hollywood isn’t a #1 WR for a reason. Why would we expect him to make that catch. Overall bad read and throw.
what week will Greg Roman learn that it's a bad idea to have guys 3 inches shorter than their coverage run a go route on the outside
It was so dumb to attempt that because we would have had to try for the FG anyway if he had caught it. We should have just checked it down for like 5-10 yards.
"I have not felt this thoroughly annoyed since 2016-17 lmao

We dont have a lot of key players, but these excruciating, stupid errors will not work against any team of substance."
"Lamar had a good first half other than the last throw, unfortunately it's mistakes like those that always kill us."
Defense the reason we are losing not that Lamar throw...
"That was a predetermined throw. Guessing Lamar figured they'd be overplaying for the short throw to make the FG easier.

God, that was an absolutely indefensible decision. Our shortest WR, their best DB tonight, double coverage, with a tying FG to protect. I love Lamar but fuck that decision. It was garbage, and so was the throw (which was on the inside)."
I asked this last week and got downvoted but can someone explain why we picked Hollywood over Metcalf? I know there were route concerns about Metcalf but routes are fixable being 5’8” isn’t
This is the worst baseball game I've ever seen
The only way a throw like that makes any sense if you are throwing to a Hopkins level of receiver. Otherwise it’s just a poor decision if you are throwing to someone like Hollywood.
D Hop is so good man
And defense comes out looking the same lol
Was Calais Cambell literally our whole run defense??
Wtf did they go over at halftime?!
JFC the defense can’t stop a nosebleed today
Meanwhile the Jets were dominating.....
Zero fucking discipline
Marcus Peters needs a therapist.
Defense injuries really starting to show
It's so pathetic. Just stay down and take a nap everybody.
They scored in under 2 minutes. Nice job D
This is the season I was expecting last year. What the fuck is happening?
Funny how we beat the pats when they were undefeated and now we cant do anything against a team that had to beat the jets off of a walk off.
We haven’t hit a 40 yard pass since week 1. That’s bad. For instance Murray has only 2 games where he hasn’t had one.
"Time to completely abandon the run, throw into double and triple coverage and then make a last minute lame duck comeback attempt only to be picked off late."
One of the best?????
"If our offense doesn’t score here, it could be game over honestly. Our defense isn’t stopping them."
"Honestly should've been a 34-10 win for us, and New England already has 20 points halfway through the game. Run defense continues to look terrible."
Just let Gus fucking run on all the plays 😂
Fluker replaced with a 2nd year UDFA Center. Yikes.
"Fluker got benched, mekari to RT and powers in at RG now

good decision"
Fuck Skura.
MATT SKURA SUCKS SO FUCKING BAD
Can Morgan Cox play centre? Everything out of shotgun.
Play had no chance anyway. They knew it was coming.
*The connection to your opponent has been lost*
That’s our 4th and 1 call?
Greg Roman got to go
Just not meant to be tonight y’all
"Get Greg Roman the fuck off this team, what the fuck is that. The takes were over reactive, but enough is enough"
Why call that with conditions like they are?
HAHAHAHA FUCK ME
What the fuck is this game. Is this even the same team? They showed up with the Wish version of the team
Please swap Skura and Mekari. At least Mekari can fucking snap the ball correctly.
"idk who to blame more, roman or skura, but i’m sick of both of their shit"
Looking a little underprepared tonight on both sides of the ball.  A little distracted.
"Lamar is the best athlete on the field and he didnt touch the ball on 4th down? 

Why"
"3 and 3, QB sweep
4 and 1, Wildcat formation

I honestly don't understand this"
Bro can Chris Collinsworth  just not suck off the patriots
can't wait to see Judon get 20 mil a year from the Jets
Complete waste of a good Lamar game minus one pass. Such a shame
It hurts to watch our Ravens play like this. I love them so much but they hurt me sometimes.
How are these pick plays legal. They’re not even selling the routes
16 straight unanswered. **16**. Absolutely unacceptable.
"At least they didn't score 7...

If we get a td, this could get interesting."
"Humphrey holding his shoulder after that play, plz dont be hurt"
What's up with all the pats fans dming me? Like I never get one now y'all too scared to post in the thread
Why is Harbaugh a notorious pussy when it comes to making tough decisions regarding staff/coaches?
>Marlon Humphrey was grabbing at his left arm at the end of that play. In Things That The Ravens Can Ill Afford
Nice fucking knee diving garbage
"We're the fucking Niners now, it's official"
Hayden come back
Injuries is the blame of the year. Just keep the boys safe.
All my friends are dead: Ravens edition.
>Marlon Humphrey grabbed his left shoulder/arm after that play. The #Ravens can't afford another injury there. - @AaronKazreports
"&#x200B;

Prayers for Nick Boyle 🙏 🙏"
Just bench Lamar for the rest of the season so he doesn't get killed at the rate were going
"Our entire team is fucking injured absolutely insane.

Also, regardless of that... I hope Nick Boyle is ok that looked really awful."
Fuck this. Cut our losses and forfeit the game right now. This isn't worth it
"Nick Boyle down on the ground and not getting up.

Looks like he twisted or broke his knee/leg 😞 😞"
And Nick Boyle is done for the year. Fuck this game and the rain to hell.
"Boyle probably just broke his leg, or tore a major ligament in his knee at the very least... fuck"
"Damn man, hope Boyle is alright... That sounded bad."
Oh my fucking God why would you show that again.
I like how slightly lowering your head incurs a foul but spearing someone’s knee doesn’t
did God create us just to see us suffer?
Every time I see a flag I immediately know it's on us.
13 points isn’t a big deficit to make up with so much time left but there isn’t much going their way to suggest it’s going to work out
Are you fucking kidding me that penalty is total shit?
Is that like the 4th game in a row with an illegal formation penalty? What the fuck are they doing at practice???
"Can we somehow clone Mark Andrews? I don't know, 5-6 copies for starters"
Give. Gus. The. Ball. Its raining and he can gash them
"Best rushing offense in the NFL ✅
Pouring rain ✅
Passing the ball every play ✅"
We didn’t run a dumbass wildcat play and we gained yards on 4th down? Weird
Damn it is raining and there's a worse line of storms on the way.
This game is such an indictment of Greg Roman (on his third team as OC) fucking get rid of him
I don't give a shit about the paper cut on Skura's hand. Snap the fucking ball correctly - it's your job
Love u Lamar
Force a fumble or get a pick on this drive please defense...
Lamar isn't afraid of the rain. This man was born and raised in SoFlo
thank god lamar is still doing well tn
We’re due to force a turnover
Lets have morgan cox put on 100lbs and make him our center. He seems to be the only ever me who can snap the ball consistently
We’re gonna sign TE’s or bring em up from the Practice Squad.
Defense stand up
Snead been showing up... Dare I say I’m starting to like him
D-FENCE
Tone setting tackle by Juiceman 💪
OK PETERS
Back 2 back comeback weeks by Lamar !! Pls god
juiceman!!
ALL DAY PETERS
PETERS what a fucking play LETS GO
BEST QUARTER OF THE YEAR LETS FUCKIN GO
Big play there from MP Juice!!
A 3-and-out here would be so fucking good
Holy shit we stopped them.
Defense looks more fired up. Get it for Boyle!
Idc what anybody says. Lamar is a fucking legend. Best QB the Ravens have had in quite a long time
THANK YOU DEFENSE
Lamar(offense as a whole) got the defense hype
lets go win it lamar
"Whoever that was actually got me excited for a second, making me think he blocked the punt"
#THREE AND OUT
"Run the ball, Gregory"
"Despite everything that has happened and how shit we played at times, Im really paying attention to how we close this game out."
Staaahhhp giving Ingram the ball
"I’m sorry, but Ingram’s time is up"
i love ingram but him being back honestly hurts the team cause of how much they want to give it to him over gus
Take the yards Lamar fuck
What in the hell did they do to Lamar that is making him not run there... It's a scary ass thought that he is throwing it there.
Not a good drive but good job from special teams they are pinned deep
I don’t have any idea why they called a play where the WR gets the ball 8 yards from the marker
Lamar I get you want to prove to people you can throw the ball but just take the yards
Anyone find it weird no WR is wearing gloves?
A turnover here would be huge
I really wish Lamar would just be lamar and do lamar type shit when he sees space. Fuck the media and take off with the ball
We're due a turnover defense lets go. Keep the streak alive
Damn that COVID ballerina commercial was rough.
No way that's the proper spot!!
Generous spot like wtf
There's no way he got that
Bullshit spot!!!
BULLSHIT BULLSHIT BULLSHIT
"No way, terrible fucking spot"
Refs just spotting to give them the first
Home cooking spot right there.
Insane how the first quarter felt like 5minutes and since then has felt like a game and a half
"That was a terrible spot,but allowing a nobody RB to get 11 yards on second down from their own 2 is awful."
Ngl our run D has looked great last few drives
What the hell was judon doing
Queen has been way worse this game than in the KC game
Now I can stop bitching for a second
THAT WAS A COACHING ADJUSTMENT
Good pressure yannick and good stop board
"Do not give the ball to ingram, or Hill."
"So frustrating. Lamar plays well. D has issues (yes I know injuries), or its the opposite. If we somehow put it together we still have a good season ahead."
"Ok, given the injuries, great series by the defense, now O has to do their job"
"Alright Lamar, time to silence the ignorant haters"
"Despite everything, despite all of our problems of injuries, the weather, the road trip, the two score deficit. We still can win this, Jesus. This team really toughened up, and I'm happy to say that."
Please score. Please
"We control the clock now, a long drive is perfectly fine"
"""Let's go win a fucking game! Fuck!"" -Joe Flacco"
Get matt skura out of there
I s2g if we lose this game because of a bad snap
#Fuck Skura
"That was a real drive killer man, fuck me"
How the fuck is that not a penalty
Im not putting that on lamar. Skura fucked up
Skura blows the entire drive.
"One more time, D... One more time..."
Lamar throws it directly into 3 DBs.
Bro we gonna lose this game cause of skura
Blame of the game: SKURA
3rd and 15 and Andrew’s is sent on a 2 yard out this is painful
We literally threw the game away. 2nd and like 5 or something versus 2nd and 26. Fucking hell
"I mean yeah, Skura fucked us there, but Mandrews had it in the numbers and dropped it."
Gus Edwards get 7 yds on 1st down. Then we go empty. Skura is shitting himself.
"Skura fucked up but that ball was wet as shit. 

Also, Lamar is forcing this fucking ball wayyyy too much to Brown and it clearly shows. Like seriously. Dude got picked off and almost got picked off AGAIN trying to get him the ball."
"JK Dobbins, Snead and Gus Edwards may be the only people I trust on the entire offense."
"At this point, I'm just hoping our defense scores a touchdown lol"
Can we out Mekari back at center? He played really well last year.
If we pull this out I still want a blame of the game thread for Skura
Queens worst game by far
yeah... gonna leave this game 6-3
THERES A FLAG ON THAT ARE YOU KIDDING ME
"Hollywood stats: 2 catches, 14 yards"
Peters was right he was held.
Typical offense shitting the bed when the defense steps up
How much you think Cam's tooth is worth?
 Not over yet!
I know I'm like 5 mins early but blame of the game? I wanna say skura so bad but it has to be run D
"Imagine having the WR core that we have, and heavily relying on Snead the entire game."
This feels like the steelers game again........
They're playing in a fucking typhoon
Just get off the field with no injuries and move on. End this misery.
"I know the odds are against us and The weather was terrible but they look like they just gave up, no sense of urgency that was tough to watch."
"I can't even blame jk for dropping that shit, the rain is actually fucking ridiculous"
I have never seen rain that hard during a game before. It was approaching Caddyshack level of absurdity.
"Whatever. Fuck the ass weather, fuck the refs and fuck the patriots."
PLEASE FIRE FUCKING ROMAN AND MATT SUKRA TONIGHT
"My gosh. What an embarrassment and couple that with the loss of Boyle, today’s game was a disaster"
"Man we really lost that...I hate the negativity in this sub, but I can’t blame em either. We may be 6-3, but we look absolutely like trash."
Man what a shit feeling. They exploited our weakness where we were injured and so much momentum was lost by one or two mistakes on drives. Towards the end it was kind of pathetic on O but that was without ANOTHER starter in Boyle and in a hurricane. Bad snaps (hopefully will be fixed after Skurras finger heals) stopped 2 drives outright
YES LETS DO A JUMP BALL TO THE 5 FOOT FUCKING 9 RECEIVER WHEN WE COULD HAVE DEZ BRYANT!
"First half ravens 🍑💨

Second half ravens 💪🏽😈"
"Nothing went right on that play.

The decision to throw it was bad. The throw in itself was bad. Hollywood's route was bad. 

The play was 2nd down and 4 against pretty soft coverage. They were 10 yards away from FG range. The ravens had a timeout in the bag. Get underneath yardage and tie it up."
"I don’t care who’s injured. You let some scrub ass RB go for 100 in two quarters, you suck."
Lamar Jackson should have made that tackle smh
#Cris Collinsworth still sucking off the Patriots even without Tom Brady
shut up Marqise
7-2 is a huge difference from 6-3
Henry gonna go for 250 on us
"Does anyone else worry that last year was the year and we fumbled it away?


Edit: not literally fumbled it away..."
Patriots may have lost Brady but they didn’t lose them zebras
Receivers getting absolutely 0 separation
Some of y’all are the biggest reactionary fans. One drive and you think we were down 2 scores. I’m watching this one on my own tonight. Have fun and stay safe everyone ✌️
Hollywood is a #2 receiver that has height issues. He can still be really good but you have to use him well. This is the worst team for that. This team has a fundamental lack of understanding when it comes to the receiver position and how to use players.
"Just a reminder that this is the same dog shit team that almost lost to the Jets last week, making us look like god damn fools."
"Judon is an idiot, get this bum off the team"
Never should have traded Hurst and you cannot convince me otherwise
I was gonna complain that someone in here told me to fuck off for saying either way it’s just a football game but then his comment history claims he’s still in no nut November so that makes more sense. Some of y’all need to chill man
i refuse to believe refs arent bias against us all year. you just cant convince me theyre being fair towards us. there's no way.
Watch this is where roman tries to get cute and call some stupid plays
"Well we had a shot, fucking Skura man what the fuck"
I stg if we lose cuz of fucking Skura
Madden curse
Lamar showed up. If anyone denies this they are idiots
"Said it earlier and i’ll say it again: Greg Roman needs to go. 

Also, if any of you blames this loss on Lamar you’re not paying attention to what happened tonight. Our defense got punched in the mouth and didn’t respond until it was too late. Outside of the interception, Lamar played a good game and was the only reason we were in it to begin with. 

Onto Tennessee"
Fuck all y’all saying don’t worry I’m so fucking tired of being called a bandwagon when clearly we are sucking ass
We need a confidence win tonight boys
Let's get my birthday off to a good start with a W.
God I hate Chris Collinsworth
STUNT ON THESE HOES
Justice hill. Why
Stupid justice
I don't mind taking the shot there at least. Not the best first drive but there's life
he was turned around so he didn't see the fair catch. I'm just curious how that wasn't a hold
Maybe he would have seen the fair catch if he wasn’t being held all the way down the field
"So is Hollywood just not that fast in game speed? For a guy who’s speed is supposed to be on par with Tyreke Hill, only one of them is consistently running past dudes."
How do they miss the holding on that kick? He was literally running backwards because of it?
Are you dudes gonna get on Hollywood's dick every time he doesn't catch a pass thrown to him or...? He's our guy you fuckin weirdos
That first drive is the story of Roman 🥴 A lob on 3rd down? Wut. And Mark Ingram shouldn’t be starting. We played better without him
Harrison fucking tossed his guy back wow
Oh goody the “can’t defend the run” problem from last year has made a return
Mr. Taco Bell with the sack!!!
Nobody ranks Matt Judon 102 out of 111!! Nobody!!
Wow Judon had a nice sack finally
"""you smell like fish. I was talking to Jamie"" did anyone else catch that 💀💀"
Bless the knees
I hate when we get the ball first
Lets go LJ!
And now I’m dizzy. Fuck that camera...
Mandrews sighting
NBC... Your camera work. Buddy.
LJ <3
lets go snead
Idk the offense just looks nervous to me. Like they’re really afraid to screw up and have lost confidence in their ability to drive the field. Everyone but the runningbacks..
"they're playing the sex pistols, pleasantly surprised"
liking what I'm seeing from lamar
I'd really like to see Duvernay get more reps. Potentially explosive slot guy.
that's how you scheme for a speedy WR
Can't say I would've guessed a scoreless first quarter
GUS BUS! 1ST DOWN
Edwards stopped at the los but still got through damn
Great drive!!! Now capitalise on it with a TD
"Love this drive, let’s finish it off"
LJ LEGGGOOOOO
BIG TRUSSSSSS
Weather is going to make this game have a lot of running...
94 yards sheesh
caw caw lets go bitches!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Okay was that a pass? I need to know for fantasy lol
"I missed the play because NBC in New York switched to an emergency weather report, what happened?"
You just got sneaded
That was such a nostalgic drive
NEED FOR SNEAD!
I love the plays on that drive
lmao good on Al for recognizing the jinx
Didn’t realize that was a pass until I opened the Ravens app and saw the box score. Not a bad passing TD lol
#What happened I was in the bathroom
"Damn LJ and Cam in some good company with that stat

Except OJ. Fuck OJ"
Juiceman back out there
Soft ass league
Refball again. Laughable call as usual
"By the book, that was a good call, but i think it was kind of weak."
Looks like we're playing the refs again
That was a great tackle.
please not another 100 yards in penalties game
Of course they're slobbering over Cam now.
So when Calais coming back?
Straight ass defense that drive
Shit defense on that entire drive.
Defense needs to get it together
No Calais AND B-Will?!?! FUCK
gotta give em props for that confusion they caused there
Bonds is a dog shit player. Is Revis still able to run?
they really upped Collinsworths adderall dosage
Usually the offense gets shit on in this sub.. today it’s the defense lol feels weird
Lets run it again
No campbell fort and smith tonight really sucks
"I like to imagine lamar says ""gotta blast"" like jimmy neutron before he scrambles like that"
I think it's safe to say that this game is extremely important for Ingram. He needs to ball out to keep his spot with Gus and Dobbins going ape the last few weeks.
Andrews catches a 5 yard pass in the air and gets pushed into a first down.
"Thanks 🤣

-Mandrews"
I love ingram but seeing Dobbins get his carries taken away sucks
🚎🚎🚎
It's about time the Ravens got one.
I'm surprised Pat just shook that off he got rocked😂
Hollywood didn’t even try to jump for that? Just asked for a flag
What is he putting his hand up for lol that was just good coverage bro
"WE GOT A CALL AND GREG IS CALLING GOOD PLAYS???

What is happening"
Weak holding call smh
The fix is in
"Fuck it, let's make this the shortest game in NFL history"
"I love Justice, but I'm surprised he's active, and playing offense with Ingram back.  4 HBs  plus Ricard active?"
Imagine having Dez Bryant for goal line plays...
Anybody else like Golden Monkey? Mmm... 9.5%
"We need B. Will so bad... God, what a blow to have both him and Calais out. :("
What the hell is this tackling
Our run defense is worrisome
Not having Campbell and Williams is really showing now.
Harrison the only dude working on defense or what
Justin Ellis looks like absolute shit.
Paging the Fruit Punch...
Rather have ward in than ellis
Defense is always trying to cause a turnover and it's causing some whiffs on tackles.
Literally are missing our best interior lineman (on both sides). It's no wonder they are running at will.
Concerning how Williams comes out of games when we need him most.
Haha baker cant open the gate! Average joe haha!
"Down Calais and Williams AND LJ is gonna suck today, defense didn’t turn back into a pumpkin overnight, just a smart coordinator using his team specifically built to run the ball smash mouth style and taking periodic shots at abusing our rookie LBs. Queen is gonna stuff a few of those runs eventually 👏🏼"
"How many defensive starters we missing, like 5 rn?"
that's not a first the ball was behind the line the whole way
Their left tackle moved early again
Jfc this is bad
This is certainly annoying as fuck
We haven’t stopped a drive on defense this entire half
Getting pushed around. This is not Ravens football
What the hell is the defense doing?
Brandon Williams... never really appreciated until he's not there.
#Judon made it through a quarter without getting any flags 🤯🤯
It’s so fucking obvious what the New England play is and they still just keep getting gashed over and over and over
"Jesus, they’re running circles around us."
Can’t wait to see this defense against Derrick Henry next week. Going to get a swift punch in the mouth
Can someone speculate on Campbell’s injury? Do we think it’s possible for him to return next week or not likely?
That looked like a pretty cozy little island to live on in the Allstate commercial
"Always get fucked by the trick plays. 

Somethings never change."
Queeeeeeen noooooooo
"#GOD DAMMIT

Why'd they just give up covering him?? Dammit queen wtf"
QUEEN WHAT THE FUCK MAN
Queen is a liability right now
Of course the defense decides to be shit when the offense starts improving
Why do they always pull this shit against us? Like non stop bullshit.
"DJ Khalid handling the commercial duties tonight

Another one!"
"&#x200B;

Geeez Louise. Why so many commercials?

&#x200B;

Let's just get the  first half over with  😑"
Using a soldier who is playing like a reserve. Make the play or shut your mouth Hollywood
"Not even up for debate **we need OL, WR and DL badly**"
Why is there so much football interrupting my commercial marathon?
I never understand why they NFL takes a 2 minute commercial break in the final 2 minutes of the half for a 30 second timeout.
Fucking horrible decision. Can’t blame that on greg roman.
What a dumb throw
FUCKING HELL LAMAR WHAT WAS THAT?
Are you kidding me Lamar
"Hollywood soft af. 

JC Jackson is also great."
Why would you throw a jump ball to someone who’s 4 feet tall?
Wtf field goal gives us a tied game and we do that. Fuck off
I think Lamar really wants to prove he can comeback after down at halftime two weeks in a row
"Why fucking throw there?  Just run the ball, get tucker a few more yards and let him kick it.    Jesus fucking christ."
Why bruh just pick up 5 and take a field goal
Just why. Bad throw AND Hollywood can’t physically compete on jump balls
"That was the same play that almost got picked before.

Bad idea to throw.

Bad play call.

Terrible route because Hollywood is running so close to the line that there no room to throw the ball."
I never ever ever again want to hearBrown bitch about not getting the ball. Get. The. Fuck. Open. And. Stop. Bitching.
Thought he was throwing to Boldin
We’re in field goal range down by 3 and don’t get the ball at half? Why don’t we go ahead a throw a bomb to our undersized wide receiver who has proven to not be able to separate when he’s completely covered? I think that’s probably the smartest play here.
Lol first Justice Hill playing entire first and goal series into throwing that pass to their only good corner.
"Tbh our offence actually has been playing well, but our defence can’t seem to stop a nosebleed today"
"At this point, if you're going to take a deep shot throw it to Duv. He is at least physical"
Annoying that Lamar escapes pressure so often with few receivers open. Separation really sucks with our WR group.
We are down by 3 going into the half again... interesting
I really fuckin wish we had a # 1
"#ALRIGHT DEFENSE HALF TIME ADJUSTMENTS BETTER BE CLUTCH

I WANT A TURNOVER"
Derrick Henry about to go for the rushing record next week
Run defense = 🧀
Patrick Queen is getting whored every play of this game. I’m going to say again this is the worst game I’ve ever seen a raven MLB have.
FUCK. THIS. BULLSHIT.
Patriots are playing with so much energy and we just look flat.
Patriots are straight dicking us and this team and coaching staff deserves it.
Holy shit we're making Pats look like SB contenders right now
Oh great and two fucking players injured fuck this
Just let him walk in
Disgraceful
Losses are a team effort too.
I guess the solution to run on us is hope Williams and Campbell get hurt.
"*if* we can somehow pull out a win without Brandon Williams and Calais, that would be huge. So far, not feeling confident."
"There is no passion, there is no aggression, no motivation"
If the game continues like this we deserve the L :(
Just a reminder that the only stop we got on defense was because of a Judon sack. Should have been a sign .
Henry is about to have 200 yards again isn’t he
Playing past 8pm is little bit past this defense bedtime. Sorry guys.
Harbaugh wtf is going on? Time to stop giving coaches excuses now.
Dont praise roman nbc
[deleted]
We’re on the edge of this game getting out of hand. 1 good drive and a stop are all we need to be back in it.
Fluker was bad but we've got a center at tackle...
WHAT ARE THESE PLAY CALLS
"UDFA Mekari went from center, guard, to tackle"
"a 5 wide QB run

WHO FUCKING KNEW?"
"Wow....What are we going to blame that Bad Snap on?   🙄 🙄 

&#x200B;

Get it together Ravens!!!!"
Stop with that cute bullshit. Yall look stupid
Greg needs to be fired..
Classic ravens shit the bed moment
KEEP IT FUCKING SIMPLE HOLY SHIT
fire greg roman
Skura is garbage.
That’s it goodnight y’all✌🏾
"Harbaugh needs to explain that one. I know he doesn’t call the plays on offense but he has a say, and that was horrible. wildcat on 4th down in your own territory?"
How many running plays before the Pats make it 27-10? 3?
"That was fucking stupid. Let's remove our superstar QB from the equation on 4th down with the game basically on the line.

So fucking stupid"
"If we all fix our mind in GR getting fired at once, it may happen!"
It's getting tougher and tougher to argue that we're a top 5 team in the NFL
"bruh they might have to draft me to the ravens if there's more injuries, there's not gonna be anyone left at this rate"
"4th and 1

Greg Roman: lets throw mark ingram in the wildcat it worked that one time"
1 FUCKING YARD? Can’t sneak the ball? What the fuck
Fuck. Greg. Roman.
This offense is a joke. Defense is allowed to have a bad game after carrying the team for 6 weeks.
The one year we should actually handle the patriots and we do this
"Roman has possibly the fastest player on the field in Lamar. And he gets cute by putting mark ingram back there, who is just back from injury, to catch a soaking wet foot ball snapped from Skura, who has big toes for fingers. 

Great call."
fucking hell judon
Not having Campbell already makes the rush defense worse and with Williams out they’ve really got nothing left run stopping wise besides wolfe. The pats are just gonna keep grinding until the ravens stop them and idk how they’re just going to all of a sudden do that
Ngakoue has been nonexistent since he got here lmao. EDC that was a good trade it happens but damn has he even gotten a TFL??
Judon with a stupid fucking flag. I’m shocked.
Yo why the fuck does it seem like this ref is excited to call penalties on the Ravens?
"its ok we'll all wake up on January 1st, 2021 and realize that 2020 was just a bad dream"
Gift Judon to the Jets
Judon.. Ejected and comes back with the most costly penalty
"Commentators talking like the pats already won this game.... and the way the ravens are playing, I don’t blame them!"
"Our schedule only gets harder the next 2 weeks, jesus"
What is Collinsworth talking about with Judon????
Well that was McPhee not judon
I HATE THIS GAME
I have to wake up in the middle of the fucking night for these primetime games and they play like this
This is like someone turning the injuries and penalties all the way up on madden
Is it too late in the season to sign Air Bud as our l new Head OC?
My God can we please move on from the twins. Who cares!? Who in the planning room thinks the national audience thinks we care about these two this much?
Boyle just snapped his leg
Just broke his leg god what an awesome season
We..... we are so fucked
Cursed fucking game
At this point we’re the AFC 49ers fuck injuries
Anyone checked in on the availability of Todd Heap?
What did we do to deserve this injury gods?!?!  😭😭😭
Fuuuuck thats a broken leg
"Bone just broke, fuck this season"
Down to 1 TE. Fuck this. Hope Boyle isn’t as bad as it looks.
This sucks like I dont mind losing. But I do mind losing player after player after player to injury it's like an injury every other play.
Damn you know it’s bad when defense calls someone over right away.
"When it rains, it fucking pours."
Madden Curse decided that the team is to be taken instead :(
"Yeah, we’re done. Fuck."
I never want primetime again give me my noon games
"Depending on how bad Marlon is hurt, this season may be fucked"
fuck this season man. hope it's just a hyperextension
Can we please for the love of God throw the ball to Duvernay some more?
"With the play-calling, injuries, and offensive regression this year, this looks like a season where we get into the playoffs as a 10-6 Wild Card team and we fail to win a postseason game for the third year in a row."
Can Andrew’s quit barking after every catch
Another illegal formation.. wtf
 What in the fuck.  The ravens get a damn illegal formation every ducking game
"This team is not a good enough product.

You want to win the Super Bowl and can't even go a game without committing the same basic ass procedural penalties. What the actual fuck. How is this not being DRILLED into dudes during film and practice?"
This might be the most lifeless offense ran by an MVP that I have ever seen.
"This is the same team that struggled hard against the Jets, lmfao"
"Obviously down, what a fucking joke"
"Our front 7 is getting gang banged.

Our offensive line is like Swiss cheese and cannot run block for shit.

We're getting penalized for incredibly stupid shit and playing undisciplined football.

Losing Stanley this year and Yanda from last is huge.

Not having any legitimate receiving threats outside of MAndrews is making our offense anemic."
The most important part of the center is snapping the ball if he cant do it he has to be replaced that's like 6 in 2 games that were very very bad.
He was definitely down
Maybe we should play snead more. He seems to make more plays than any other receivers.
"Outside of that awful throw to Hollywood, this is Lamar’s best game of the year so far."
Snead IV makes up for the dropped pass earlier on the drive with a TD catch!
Let's go Lamar! Our QB has had a hell of a game outside of the INT.
That drive? With that style of plays? In this rain? That's some big boy stuff. Haters can get out
Say what you want Lamar is a competitor. No quit in him.
lmao everyone deleting their comments shitting on Snead for dropping that pass earlier
Imagine that. Not throwing to the guy who is a foot shorter than the defender results in TDs.
Lol Willie Snead is EASILY the number one receiver on this team. That’s not a good thing.
CAN THE RAIN AFFECT THE PATRIOTS NOW PLEASE
Nice play call for Snead. He is having a GAME
"This game is winnable, but man does it feel like it’s not even worth it with all these injuries"
Thoughts and prayers for Boyle
Need the D to make a BIG stop here.
You know what we are due for? A fucking turnover. Let's do it and take the lead and then just run it down their throats
"""Nobody cares, work harder"""
I've been seriously thinking of making snead my first jersey. So expensive lol
This game is gonna be one of those games that give us a heart attack prepare yourself y’all
Gut wrenching for Boyle. Really hope it's not terrible.
Defense please step up. We need you to step up rn.
That’s one hell of a drive in this shit fucking weather!
Peters almost took the handoff lol
"If we had a true WR1 we could let Jackson develop his passing more, definitely shows flashes"
at least we have the steelers losing in the playoffs to look forward to
please show up D
JUICEMAN STICK
boy fruit punch sure has been quiet so far 👀
"Don’t wanna see any Lamar slander today, one bad play but he has played really well all game. Not to mention he has to catch every god damn snap with one hand."
No flag on Judon? I'm impressed
Finally some good fucking defense! Nice stop!
He just got Chucked
Wow someone besides McPhee set the edge properly
Defence looked completely different there
Omfg let's fucking get a TD pleeeeease
Clark playing rodeo with that guy lol
We are one scoring drive from being in the lead.
If we comeback from 10-23 against the Patriots in the rain I better never hear that Lamar can't come from behind ever again
Bad throw by lamar. Should’ve been an easy first down
Snead the mvp of the game rn
"Idc, snead at least puts in effort."
this penalty favors the ravens after an unsucsessful drive
"Fuck Amazon, they’re profiting off of coronavirus"
He didn’t get that
Oh fuck that spot - that’s a stop!!
Fuck these spots omg
NO WAY THATS A FIRST
That's a bad spot
What a shit spot
Terrible spot
fucking horrendous spot
Wtf is that spot
Get fucked refs.
No fucking way he got that
Defense is going to have to force a turnover
That was the game changer. Refs just gave it to them.
How the fuck was he that open.
"So the whiff hold on the first punt, a couple missed false starts, a semi questionable call on Judon (still a dumb play by him) and then that clearly bad spot. 

We need to play better to overcome shit like that. The only one that really bugged me is the spot because I felt it was such a momentum and field position stop."
LETS FUCKING GO!
sheeeeeeiiiiittttt
I heard someone say “it’s a screen” before the play lol
Fuck yeah Chris board
LETS GO WIN A FUCKING GAME
Come on 7 min td drive
who's board
This feels like 26-24 if we play our time wrong.
Thats how you fucking cover and tackle
D finally showed up! Washington and Wolfe played hard that series. Lets go Ravens!
D got us a stop when we needed it. Let's go Lamar. Shut em all up.
Lets go boys you can do this
I will personally give Proche a manicure and kiss his fingertips after tonight’s game.
LET'S FUCKING GET IT
"That move to 3-4 Defense was genius. We needed 3 big men in the middle 

Derek wolfe is a man"
Lamar you’ve got this
I'm so fucking done with Skura.
HOW IS THAT NOT 15
FUCK YOU SKURA
FUCKING CUT SKURA
Had a drive going but skura fucked us
#SKURA IS SUS
No way is that not a late hit lmfao
Maybe stop playing the pistol/shotgun. Fuck.
"That’s game, kids"
Only pain.
Wtf was that?
What's with these snaps? 2 straight games of shitty play by Skura
Can Morgan Cox short snap?
Thanks so much Skura.
Fucking skura. Holy shit
Can't believe we're losing to this fucking team.
I can't even come up with a clever nickname for Matt Skura. He's just fucking awful.
"Please defense, bail out the offense. Harbaugh, please put in Mekari."
Skura fucked us tonight
Busted coverage queen
Queen playing 5 yards off the first down mark
Queen is overrated
Queen is fucking ass today in all phases.
Peters getting held
HOLD???? LMAOOOO
"I have no faith in this team. 

They’re not dogs on defense, the run game hasn’t been great. 

Instead of looking towards SB, they should be worrying about the Browns, Raiders stealing their playoff spot."
"Peters was being held, surely?"
😂😂😂 how do you miss that holding call
"This one hurts, won’t lie. All the injuries on top of what’s looking like a L. Just damn man."
BRO WHAT LMAOOOO WHAT WAS THE PENTALY?
Smart by clark tbh
TUrned off the game. This is over. This team can't come back even if they get the ball
"Did the ref say “baiting the quarterback”??

Edit: got it. Thanks boys"
Man all of these Harris highlights. We were all hitting him standing straight up. No one tackling around the waist.
3rd and 7. We can stop this and have a chance!
This game is pure AIDS
"How are they converting? 

Penalty? 


Run? 



Scramble?  



Pass????"
"to that guy asking if this game was a ""look ahead game"" it definitely seems like the defense treated it as such"
Really rough game. Another prime time clunker. The shitheads are going to talk and there's nothing to even respond with lol
"Greg Roman, time to save your job!"
Alright give me some Lamar magic please.
#Ryan Clark is going to beat his meat live on FIRST TAKE comparing Kyler's game to Lamar
"Blame of the game: Tom Brady. If he doesn’t win so many Super Bowls, the patriots don’t retain belichick as long, which means that we win a few more playoff games the past 10 years and win tonight too"
"At what point can we stop hearing ""former special teams coach"". He's been our damn coach for 12 years"
Well god hates us.
[deleted]
We need a new center
Can't even pass the fucking ball downfield 20 yards
What a pathetic way to end this game
Unreal. This is why Lamar needs playmakers.
See y’all in the post
F them receivers
Seemed like a really weak attempt at a series
"Penalties.

Injuries.

Skura.

Play calling.

This game was the definition of shooting yourself in the foot. There is NO reason this happened like this. Harbaugh needs to get his head out of his ass and get this shit under control ASAP"
Lost it on Run defence and Skura's bad snaps.
"Weather aside at the end, this team has never, for as long as I can remember, run a 2 minutes drill. There's never any urgency. That and clock management, always been terrible"
The castle crumbled tonight. Injuries galore. We’re going to be 6-5 on Black Friday.
Running back by committee must stop. We need to pick a guy and run him 20 times a game. Switching backs every other play to keep them happy ain't it
Lamar played well. His receivers need to stop dropping the ball and he needs dez activated last week. We need a WR that can fight for the ball. Hollywood gets shut down with good coverage as he can’t fight for it like lamar needs him to.
"To be fair to Lamar, he’s probably trying to carry the team with an injured and lackluster oline, horrible passing schemes, and mediocre receivers."
"Here comes another week of ""Lamar can't win big games"". But this swiss cheese defense should get the lions share of blame"
So our defense just not gonna come to play today?
Respect to Queen for not falling for that trick. Too bad his teammates where no where to help him.
Lmao people blaming that on Hollywood. Delusional
Tough throw but this is why Hollywood cant be our #1. He's too small to even have a chance to go fight for that ball.
Jump ball to a midget 💀
That pass was unnecessary but I’m less worried about Lamar because we’re at least driving down the field. I’m much more worried about our defense making this Pats offense look like a playoff team
I wonder if fans of all the other teams are as temperamental as Ravens fans. Good lord we can't handle things not going our way 100% of the time at all.
"If only we had a 6'4"" reciever that could make those jump catches....

*Miles Boykin's ghost disappears into the hedges*"
"Look I get it that throw was bad
But Lamar is 14/19 with 167 passing yards plus 26 rushing. 
Hollywood doesn’t look slow. JC Jackson is fast asf.
We’re Really missing Williams and Calais on defense"
Patrick Queen is out here tackling like Eric Weddle lol
"I think Roman had ruined Lamar’s psyche.

Before this season, Lamar runs there and he probably gets a first if not at least a lot of yards. His throw wasn’t a bad decision but with the run so open there he should’ve taken those yards all day."
Skura the drive killer. Kills more drives than Judon extends.
Fuck the madden cover. All my homies hate the madden cover
Titans are going to fucking decimate us with this shit run D
Henry is going to annihilate us
LAMAR IS STILL MY QB!
"Cam basically walked that in.

The fans telling us to calm down can go fuck themselves. Our defense is awful."
Man I hope the ravens don’t give up as fast as you all do
"Hear a lot of people complaining about the complaining. What exactly would you like fans to take solace in? Lamar’s regression? The WRs continuing to have zero impact? Forgetting about Andrews on offense? Injuries piling up? An offense that doesn’t remotely resemble last year’s juggernaut? 

There aren’t a lot of positives to cling to. The ravens are 6-2 and probably should have beaten Pittsburgh. But they’ve also mostly succeeded against a bad schedule and cannot seem to fix the problems that plague them. It’s incredibly frustrating. Let people bitch."
"This sub is so damn biased. That was holding. The call on justice was fucking obvious. And according to the rules, the elliot hit was a penalty too."
Harbaugh has been shit at getting this team prepared for games this year. Between the penalties and getting dicked by plays like that.
Remember when we could have drafted D.K.?
Elliot is STRUGGLING
not sure when they changed the rules to allow blocks in the back
Earning that Xbox tonight Elliott
Refs. You know there are two teams out there right?
We're shitting the bed against the team that barely beat the Jets...fuck
Hollywood is not a WR1
You know what would be sick? If Hollywood Brown could get some fucking separation.
I feel a deleted tweet incoming....
We need to use Duvernay more as a receiver. Draft a damn receiver. Use Dez. I haven’t seen Dez all night
Lamar keeps costing us points on a weekly basis with these terrible decisions
"Our QB takes an awful shot downfield when we still had 15 seconds and a timeout and y'all point the finger at the 5'8"" receiver for not winning a jump ball


Make it make sense"
Halftime adjustments similar to last week vs the Colts are needed for us to win. Hard to change just getting bullied up the middle though..
Queen is going to have a pff grade in the single digits it cannot be understated how overmatched he is out there. He is single handedly responsible for 60 percent of the patriots yardage.
FUCK YOU GREG ROMAN! 4th and 1 and you run a god damn trick play. FUCK YOU
"Everyone says we're overreacting...

At what point can we admit we don't have it this year?"
How does Greg Roman still have a job 💀
the worst part is that we know this offense cant comeback from a deficit
Actual bullshit. Was literally short based on the refs initial spot.
Here comes the 1st down handoff to Mark Ingram for no gain
I still have hope but can Skura snap the ball correctly 10 times in a row? Idk
Let's get some stunt action on these hoes
Least excited I have been about this matchup in nearly two decades. I hope we get up and put a statement out tonight.
"Dobbins: 80yds 2TD

Brown: 110yds 2TD

Bryant: 60yds 1TD


Calling it lets fuckin go"
BLESS THE KNEES
"Alright, c’mon D/ST! 65 points and I win my fantasy match! Let’s go! RAVENS! WHAT TIME IS IT?!"
Thanks Hopkins
I'm nervous af boys
LETS GO MOTHAFUCKAS
LFG flock
EVERYONE GET IN HERE. RAVENS PLAYING SOON
I hope Lamar and the O play loose and drop a 40+ points
J.O. on the intro!!
Marquise was WIDE open
o line redemption game?
Ooof look at those WR rankings
I cannot believe Ingram is starting when the other 2 have been so good
Jk has been eating since Ingram has been gone why kill his momentum?
Wtf justice
Hill was getting blocked dont think he saw the fair catch.
"Right back at it to shit play calling and an open book route, followed by shooting ourselves in the foot"
Hill was being held tho
Hill couldn’t see the fair catch signal while getting held the whole way
What's the point of having Souijas who get boundaried?
This is not how you keep yourself relevant Hill
Is that throw to Hollywood a 1 read and 1 read only play? There was no chance of Hollywood getting that.
Imma need this front office to get Lamar some real receivers this is not it.
Feeling not having  Campbell out there
"hey yannick, do something tonight please"
We have to lead the league in games played in the rain over the past two years.
PFF HATES the Ravens front 7 my god
that pff rank on queen and humphrey is just disrespectful
Sacked right out of fg range
Has Yannick done anything for us as of late
Jüèdõn
Let’s get this passing game going. No Gilmore should be a feast for Lamar.
"Peters is good, if he was seriously hurt he wouldn’t hop up that quick and jog off."
"It’s sucks that we lose a corner every god damn week, it’s even worse that it’s always on the first or second drive every week."
hopefully MP just got a stinger
Man we got Campbell for this fuck injuries
Peters better be ok
Peters just gonna have a thigh bruise.
Dobbins just has so much more burst then anyone else
I liked that JK started the drive
I’m liking what i’m seeing on this drive
WAS THAT SEPARATION?
"Wow we can fucking catch today, I'm so proud :')"
Cams hair...wtf dude
I feel a lot better when Lamar runs out of bounds.
#THIS IS WHY I KEEP SAYING GIVE IT TO DUVERNAY
Duvernay is faaaaast.
"Our top 3 receivers in order 
1. Snead
2. Duvernay 
3. Jaleel Scott"
"Devin ""Barry Allen"" Duvernay"
DEVIN DUVERNAY
THE BUS IS RUNNING HARD TODAY
This has got to be one of the quickest quarters ever
damn gus got bent lol
All this running this game will be over by 10 lol
#NEED IV SNEAD
Touchdown Ravens!!!!
"13 plays 94 yards 8:04

Amazing"
TD. We only need about 5 more and I’ll be happy 😈 let’s gooooooo. Been waiting all day
That was a ball crusher of a drive. So nice.
GREG ROMAN ON A MISSION
Most impressive passing TD of Lamar's career. Absolute missile on that throw.
"Just missed the TD, live near New York and got a tornado warning weather update. Kinda pissed rn."
HELL YEAH SNEEEEAAADD
That's how Big Ben and Mahomes get a 3rd of their Passing TDs too so I'll take it lol
In Central Jersey. Totally missed the TD for NBC NY to cut in and tell NYC to take shelter due to the front that hit us 40 minutes ago.
I will die for snead
"Honestly, a great looking drive for Roman, nice"
I need to see Lamar throw for 400 & rush for 200 in the same game...maybe one day
That call was bullshit.
Soft flag...?
"That flag was BS, that tackle was fine"
Minkah almost KOed Lamar but i guess that doesn't count
Bro how tf did they want him to hit him there??
I wanna see a juiceman pick on this drive
"Man, elliot just isn't a smart guy. Especially after that twitter crap we saw"
Do we have a run defense?
Is it just me or does Cam’s helmet look funny?
How did we give up that 1st wtf
"When offense sucks, defense is great. When offense plays great, defense sucks"
That was some shitty coverage
That drive for New England was easy. Get it together defense.
Not having campbell is hurting the run defense which means their passing game opens up
There were like 3 chances at a TFL on this drive and they run past the guy with no contact
That was a nifty play.
Would it kill Fluker not to give up pressure for once
Don’t you just love the way we shoot ourselves in the feet with penalties?
How good is a lack of discipline? /s
How tf has the coaching staff not gotten the penalty situation better. Killers
DiAbEtEs
GUS CATCH AND RUN
EAT THIS FUCKIN BUS BITCH
Andrews is one handsome mf
I love how Gus Bus runs through people!!!
Really happy Lamar has taken a couple wide open checkdowns
diabeetus
Lamar's decision making has been very impressive.
Imagine trying to hit *Gus Edwards in stride*
At least Hochules JR is being consistent.
To all those complaining about the earlier call. That’s the rule. This looked worse because it was helmet to helmet. Silly rule but I get why it’s a rule.
I mean that one was just targeting. At least Elliott hit the body
At least there consistent there
"#Good call.


That time he actually did lower his helmet. The one on us was a fair tackle when he was already motion. Theirs was legitimately a lowered helmet"
Such a bad play. Justice hill had no chance
Why Hill? Not saying he’s bad but all 3 other back have been fire tonight.
An average height receiver makes that catch or at least touches the ball
Hollywood is just too damn small. Dude gets out muscled if he can't get separation.
"Surely you've gotta review that Andrews catch?

EDIT: Holding."
#BULLSHIT CALL.
The way hochule ann9unced that 4th down he sounded excited
AutomaTUCK!
Ball slipped out of his hands or it's a td
This is gonna be a slug fest isn’t it?? If so I’m down.
TUCKER 🖤
"Drink everytime Cris and Al say ""Rain"""
A Tudder would have been nice but I’ll take a lead
Why does Baker Mayfield get so many commercials?
Overall good drive
Do these refs WANT to fuck our O-line? Because they're looking piss poor if you ask me
Can we put justice hill away. We didn’t fucking use him when Ingram was out why now?
"When we're inside the 10, we've gotta go for the end zone if we're throwing. That 3rd down play dump off to Hill was a waste."
Hollywood needs another stud next to him. He is like Tyreek Hill. Hill without all those other weapons would not be scary
WTF is this Hummer graphic?
On a positive note I'm saving over 70 a month on my car insurance cuz i just switched
That was the 2nd worst graphic after that Flacco mnf one
So is Ngakoue going to make a play soon or am I expecting too much?
Defense looks slow as fuck
Queen getting pushed backwards on every tackle
Our defense pisses me the fuck off today. They should be disappointed in themselves so far. Make a stop god damnit!
Awful tackling. Pathetic as fuck
Ellis fat ass out there looking stupid
71 is giving up cut his fat ass
Honestly defense been carrying hard last few weeks. Time for our offense to do them a solid
They’re getting 5 ypc. This has to stop
The fruit punch is nice but oh my god just tackle them jfc
We are hurting without williams and campbell
Good stop Wolfe
Yannick gets dominated every play
"Baltimore ""What's a Tackle?"" Ravens"
Can we please stop the run wtf
DEFENSE PLS
"Defense is getting worked and the offense still looks uninspired outside of Lamar, Snead and Gus."
We have no solution for Harris. Ugh.
That another missed false start
Guys are just dragging ass and running right into blockers
We just really going to let them run this half down and score and then get the ball back huh..
Any chance Campbell comes back next week?
God damn injuries are fucking us over. I dont like the feeling of this game right now. We need to get a fucking stop.
This d-line is injured and the next guys aren't stepping up rn.
Got to be kidding me...
Unfuckingreal. That's piss poor defense.
This is one of the most pathetic defensive efforts I’ve seen in quite awhile
D-Libe just isn’t getting any amount of penetration or keeping OL off our LBs. It doesn’t help that our LBs are consistently getting the direction of the run wrong.
Why must the ravens always fall for trick plays
Okay we had that thing easily stopped what was Queen doing
Are you fucking kidding me
[deleted]
"Guys our defense looks awful, they’re usually pretty good. Definitely missing out with the injuries"
This is a world class embarrassment
He just let him catch it what the fuck was that
"Great, now I have hear a week full of “Meyers throws better than Lamar” jokes"
Queen needs to get better at coverage man
Okay Ill take the missed XP
Also we never successfully defend those and it’s aggravating
Bill always finds creative ways to fuck us
Time for Lamar to go HAM
Queen looked so pathetic trying to cover burkhead
Why do those plays always work on us?
I really hope bwill is back after the half.
Is there time to at least tie it up before half.  We have all our TOs right?
Whenever the Ravens get the ball to start the game they struggle. This is not just me being paranoid. It's fact.
We’re about to get fucking destroyed in the media tomorrow.... max Kellerman Stephen a smith and Shannon sharpe boutta have a field day tomorrow if we lose
It’s always the Patriots with the trick plays against us
"Never change, Paul Giamatti. Never change."
Queen has been getting picked on all game
You can tell how many bandwagons came to this sub last season in these threads
We’re not scary at all
"Sacked by 3 people, good job O line!"
"Well, thank god we're not the Texans"
Fight for the out of bounds there Hollywood.
"This offense needs serious help in the offseason, we have no interior line, and we have nothing close to a #1 wr"
I know nothing happened but that some HUSTLE after that sack. Defense wasn’t even ready.
"At least we're not the Texans, right?"
We throw a sideline route and we can’t get out of bounds. That’s just something
Soulja sighting
Oof
Double coverage
Trying to force it to Hollywood.
FFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUU-
We just can’t throw the damn ball down the sidelines
Brown is to tiny
WHY WOULD HE THROW THAT
Why tf would you throw that???
Holywood gets bitched
Whyyyy didn't they just try to go for 3?
I feel like missing out on that potential 3 points is gonna really bite us later.
Why are you going deep instead of a 10 yard out route?
Man I don't think we have played nearly as bad this game as we started last game but this GDT is somehow even more in the gutter.
:(
Imagine buying a Hollywood jersey this season.
Stop throwing it to Hollywood he is not good enough to beat jc Jackson 1 on 1
We have the best GM in the league. That being said I cannot fathom how we did not get a possession receiver at the deadline.
That dude has 6 picks already lol
And y'all are acting like JC Jackson is a scrub or something
"We’re absolutely forcing the ball to brown

Fuck"
Guys know they just body Brown and it basically neutralizes his speed. He needs a WR1 to take the attention off him and he will truly shine. He’s too smol to be a WR1
"Whoever is in charge of scouting WRs for the Steelers should be brought here, they seem to draft stud after stud after stud"
"see if that pass is thrown to boykin or dez if he was active, i’d have no issue. but a 5’9 WR on a jump ball go type of route just makes no sense. gotta be smarter"
Keep the truzzz
There is a big difference between trusting you're team and blindly following along with the bad decisions. Calling out the bs isn't being bandwagon
Henry will be able to pick the rushing yards he gets next week if Calais and BWill can't play. Jesus.
"yeah, without campbell and williams its going to be a mega problem"
Harris about to break the all time rushing record
Our d line is nothing without Williams and Campbell
The defense is atrocious without Calias or Williams
Marcus peters giving up a big play and penalty ✅
"Idgaf what people say about how good we are, we shouldn't be getting run over week to week"
"Seriously?

&#x200B;

Are we really going to lose to the lowly Patriots?   🙄"
this is so fucking annoying my god wake up let’s go
I hate this fucking game
Pathetic showing from the defense so far. Come on Lamar. Get us back in it here.
LMAO of course they get the TD on the first try.
We are making this trash team look good and it sucks.
Our run defense is an absolute fucking embarrassment tonight. This is offensive viewing.
"We tripping over our own players more than anything else. 

This is the team who Beverly got beaten by the winless jets ffs. THE JETS"
We are close to being out of the playoffs we are losing 3 to 5 starters a game. I'm officially worried
Our D can’t stop anything this game...
"The whole fucking defense is hurt, offense needs to carry this shit out of this game"
Team is dying out there
There goes Bonds
Patriots are bad. We can win.
"We have such a drop off from our starters. We maybe have some good players but we got no depth, no creativity to offset weaknesses and no way to fix it in season. 

This team seriously needs to keep drafting and make a move for a real WR, Lamar is gonna keep regressing if we don't help him"
Williams just got ruled out for the game
At this point I go into games knowing a few starters are going to get hurt. It’s just guaranteed.
"Lmao @ people still saying ""GOD SO NEGATIVE"" after a 4-play 75-yard drive"
How the fuck does the Defense make no adjustments at the half? Fucking terrible
Having thin LBs is useless against the runs if the DL don't eat.
Lamar needs to shine
I thought pats supposed to have the wrost offense in the league. What's happenings?
On prime time too. Is this a trend?
Never thought I'd see the day when the game plan to win against us was run it
O line seems to be better in pass pro today. Let's take advantage of it.
This is good. We need practice coming from behind.
This defense is noticeably better with Cambell
"If we are relying on the offense to win, we might be in trouble, definitely not built for that style of play"
"Whatever the over/under is for Henry’s rushing line next week I’m putting my entire life savings on the over, free money"
Cris Collinsworth really loves sucking Cam Newton's  penis
Nice play. Throw it to Dobbins 4 yards behind the LOS and block no one!
Am I wrong if I don’t have a great feeling about this one?
LOL thats some funny shit
Fire Greg Roman
HAHAHAHAHAHAH MY GOD
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT PLAY CALL
What the actual fuck
Holy shit I’m done with this game goodnight y’all
Our team is like that homer simpson meme where his backfat is held my pins
"Hahahaha, I can do nothing but laugh at this point"
"This team is literally the ""aim for the bushes"" scene in The Other Guys."
#Good night everyone...Im done with this shit
What the fuck is even going on? Can we fire some coordinators? Did we just take the reigning MVP off the field for a 4th down conversion? Is this rocket science?
Why new england of all teams
we have an MVP QB who’s our best ball carrier and that’s the play we run lmfao
Good bye Greg
"Lmao, fuck Skura"
Best rushing QB In the league and run the fucking wild cat
Skura sucks. Terrible play call to begin with. This is a telling game for all of us. This isn’t even close to our year.
He wasn’t going to get that anyway. 3 pats beat through the line. So sad
Bye bye Greg
Greg Roman needs to be fired! Fuck the wildcat there
Greg Roman needs to go
"To be fair to Roman, he didn’t tell Skura and Ingram to botch that shit. But this is not a good team this year"
Greg Roman is Cam Cameron level bad right now
"Secretly I think the Ravens are always looking out for us who have to be up early for work on Monday or Tuesday mornings.  No need to stay up when we play so poorly, just go to bed.

Of course I will not because I still always hope, but If I would learn my lesson from the KC game I would know to just go to bed now."
Skura dude cmon we dont need these
"Fire Roman, invest interior online, improve WR, prosper?"
You take the ball out Lamar's hands?
Cant blame Roman. Cant blame Ingram. What the actual fuck was that snap.
At this rate we’ll be lucky if we make the playoffs. Tennessee is going to unleash Henry. Steelers have home field advantage. Dallas will be rested and we’ll have played 3 games in 13 days. Browns will unleash Chubb. It’s not looking good man
It’s the same bounce outside run. Every. Single. Time.
Lets not forget last time Ingram got a direct snap he took it to the house. Just not a good play call in these conditions
"This team has so many fucking holes. OL (OK, some bad injuries but still), pass rush, linebackers, safety, WR. But mostly OL and WR."
"Well, with that injury report, I'm going to bed. Change their luck, y'all!"
Well people were right about a blowout lol
Oh look another 10 yard run on first down
Our d-line depth is fucking trash
"Did we actually trade for yannick, is he a player?"
Should have thawed out some wings to air fry tonight. I fucked up
Lamar is a better runner than Ingram. Why would wildcat ever ever ever make sense
Imagine a QB having that much time and space
"When we say that we should be more lenient on our team because we have some injuries, let’s not forget that half the Patriots opted out before the season. This team is objective worse than the one we played last year and they are on trajectory to embarrass us. The offense got much worse from 2019."
Lol Judon
Is Greg Roman on Twitter? I want to bully him.
Classic Judon
I hope we pay judon zero dollars
Judon needs to go. He’s trash.
#Judon PFF rank 101 of 110
Swear to fucking christ 2021 first team move is show Judon the door
This team is not play off ready or deserving. Zero discipline and we still have roman. Fucking sad.
Ah yes another questionable call.
So we could miss the playoffs.
Legit bad call. Theme of the night.
"“You have to caress him to the ground” 
This new NFL is so fucking soft dude"
Never thought I would have to replace the Baltimore Fucking Ravens Defense with waiver wire trash in fantasy football.
"Lamar has looked good pasing the ball tn, i wish we would let him do it more"
Even their rules analyst is confused by that penalty
We need a td here anything less and were out of it
It's amazing we have a legit shot of missing the playoffs and someone in the NFC East is gonna make the playoffs at sub-500.
"Finally a fucking stop. But that was because of Cam's bad throw, not our defense."
I just hate everything about this year so fucking much
"Best hope is we get the 5 seed, get healthy at the right time and get something going for the playoffs. Might be foolish but I still have hope we can do it"
"you know, all the shit this team is spewing out aside... it's wild that every team somehow becomes the most disciplined team in the world when they play us

whole universe against us and we just be like ""ok"" and just do nothing about anything and just float on because our record acts like we arent ass"
That's a torn MCL probably
Who gives a fuck about these two guys. They're twins. They're pretty good. I get it.
#GOD FUCKING DAMMIT STOP WITH THE INJURIES
God these injuries.
Jesus fuck
Why is Jihad inactive? We can use all the help we can get at this point.
There goes Boyle for the season. I think I saw his leg break.
"Madden curse has inflicted the whole team, geeeez."
Boyle too? Fuck me.
Holy shit. Are we at 20 injured players yet? It sure seems like almost the entire team is dead at this point.
"Wow, I'm not even mad about the way we're playing but THESE FUCKING INJURIES. Wtf is this"
Guys is it 2015 or something. So many damn injuries.
Getting 2015 vibes from all these injuries
Top priority now is preserve Lamar at all costs
"Worst possible outcomes, getting smacked and losing hella key people to injury...and to know the bye week was behind us"
This team is cursed
Man they should've starting flagging hits like that before hits to the head. Everyone always prefers taking a shot up high than to the damn knee.
I miss the days of dudes getting knocked tf out rather than seeing a leg break every week. It's just sad and it's career-threatening.
Boyle is quietly top 3 most important pieces to our offense. Without him this season is looking lost..
That’s broken or seriously dislocated. He’s done. What a dumpster fire of a game.
How did we win 6
"The 2015 Ravens are making a return. But in all seriousness, I hope Boyle is ok"
We went from TE power house to our only TE being T1 Diabetic
This year is cooked guys. Injuries have fucked us so hard
Lol always a flag too GET FUCKED
FUCK THE REFS
Nick Boyle is a tough dude
FIRE ROMAN
"Mark. Don't celebrate, get back to the fucking line and do it again. The team is getting embarrassed and you give two fucks about a completion?

Nice, now it doesn't even count as I'm typing it lmao."
Hopefully the silver lining is this forces Roman to adjust his offense into something fucking else
"Duvernay with more yards than Hollywood's entire season.

JK running into a wall of defensive linemen and 4 Ravens OL standing around doing nothing like two pairs of Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dumbs.

Now we can even fucking line up correctly."
Jackson on point with these throws in this weather.
So turns out the procedural penalty was dog shit. Classic.
Anyone else remeber when the DEFENSES told the NFL if you dont let us hit them in the chest guys will end up tearing up reciever's legs?
And a fucking drop. Holy shit this game has it all
Andrews knew it and did not sell it at all.
"Snap the ball idiot, they are running players off the field get the easy offsides"
"Obviously down, right?"
He had the 1st down !
Holy fuck did Greg learn to call a normal play on 4th and 1???
That play 10 more times. K thx
At least they called the right play on 4th and 1 this time. Not sure how that wasn't  the playcall the first time
We have to go faster
This team has every injury possible
Orlando brown is fat too. Let’s put him on the D-line and see how it works!
I really don't care what happens the rest of the game honestly... So deflated after all these injuries. The rest of the season isn't gonna get better in that department :(
cut skura
He has a cut on his hand. His hand wasn’t cut off. No excuses for Skura.
These snaps lol
"The rain is falling. Our all pro left tackle is out for the year, 650 pounds is missing on the dline. Our best downfield TE blocker is out for the year. The Steelers are undefeated. This is not the year."
I can't stand that annoying fog horn that always plays during the away team's 3rd downs at Gillette Stadium. It's obnoxiously loud.
Why does this team never play with urgency?
THE NEED VI SNEAD!!
FUCK THAT HATERS LETS GO LLAMA
Lamar putting the team on his back. Let's fucking finish this.
holy shit the pats players are annoying. just shut the fuck up
who would have thought willie would have 2 TDs tonight?
"I have the need

The need for Snead"
Snead's the kind of guy who needs to step up in this game and he just did.
Snead #1 receiver
LAmAR CAnT THrOw
Lamar throwing dimes in the rain.
We need to win in memory of nick boyle legs
Great passing from Lamar that drive even with all the rain
Lamar looks pissed even after that TD pass. Wish we could see what he would do with a better Oline and better recievers
This really could be lamars big game. Showed a lot if mettle on that drive from Lamar
"Now the def needs to get a turnover, force a 3 and out, something"
Good drive defense needs to step up and make a stop
God please defense dig down somewhere and get a stop
"C'mon defense need a stop, then we in this"
At least Willie came to play tonight
“We suck” “we’re trash” Lamar: Imma carry the team
Snead been looking good the past few weeks
Boykin is out there running around just trying to lose his breath 😂
Lets goooo! But why are they even allowed to play in this typhoon
"I missed up to midway through the 3rd quarter so I don't know how we got into this hole, but if they can drive it like that in the rain, we have a chance here.  Good job by Lamar and many others."
Snead WR1
"defense needs a stop or a TO, gotta show up"
Lamar is fucking back
Puppy pissed on the floor. I stepped in it with my new ravens socks. Do with this info as you will. Fuck!
JUICEMAN
BALL SO HARD UNIVERSITY
put some respect on my man snead's name
I don't like some of the shots Lamar is taking. I know he's strong but there's literally an example on the other sideline of a QB that has taken too many big hits in his career.
That shot deep at the end of the first half is looking really bad rn
We really need a quick  stop and keep the momentum.
"Defense hasn't done much all game, it's time for them to step up"
Uhhhhh? WAS THAT MARCUS PETERS LFG!!!
Peter’s is a beast
Have Marcus peters play pass rush bois
Only positive is lamar is balling. If the rest of the team held their weight the story would be Lamar’s playing like last year.
I hate when judon makes 1 good play then gets up like he’s JJ Watt
"is Marlo still out on the field, or is he actually injured?"
Quit knocking Judon’s effort
random irrelevant Suggs graphic?
Defense did a thing
huge stop
3 and out!  Ok lets build on the momentum!
I miss Ray Lewis so much right now.
Wow that was amazing defense
YAAAASSSSS D!
Lmao 3-AND-OUT!!!
Did I just enter an alternate timeline where the Ravens defense isn't a steaming pile of hot kaka?
YES!
Anyone wanna see a long Hollywood td?
We got this boys!! Come on Lamar. Get that team the W.
Trailblazer is such a joke of an off-roader compared to Jeep and the new Bronco lmao
I think we're gonna block a kick this game. Our dude has just barely missed the timing by a hair every time their kicker/punter is in the game
"Let's let Lamar fucking rip, let him do whatever the fuck he wants honestly"
If there's a time for Lamar to silence the media for saying he can't win in big games and can't win from behind.... this is the game.
Get Ingram out of the game plz
Wouldn't mind Ingram not getting the ball anymore...
Love Ingram’s personality but he’s done as a #1.
Let's get it for Boyle
Take Ingram out of the game smh
Lamar should've run that
Wait so judon gets a hit on a defenseless receiver but that isnt?
And that's a breakdown of this offense. Lamar does something dumb to waste a down and then we fall short on 3rd down.
"Snead putting the team on his back, who woulda thought"
You were wide open to run........
Holy shit what a punt though
"Good punt, plus half the distance to the goal!"
Snead at least getting open.
"Same fucking play as the first punt of the game, good to see they called it this time"
Koch beautiful kick man
Turnover time
I wonder if Lamar has been told not to run because of field conditions?
I know punting is 100% the right play but damn I want us to go for it every time on fourth and short!
I don’t know of this is an unpopular opinion but I think Hollywood is a replaceable WR and I don’t think we should resign him because I have a feeling he’s gonna want a lot of money
"Didn’t like Hollywood’s body language there, I get he wants touches but you aren’t getting open, he tried to force you the ball once and it got picked. He needs to get open before he complains about his play"
"Whenever Ingram is out there this offense just looks so bleh. I know we gotta give him his reps, but JK is just too good to keep on the bench! Feed JK the ball pleaseee Rowman, I need more JK!"
"Jesus, that Amazon commercial was long as fuck."
Please just stop them just this once
Who ready for that Greg Roman fired upvote party?
Just sell out on the run if cam beats us with his arm so be it
Gashes us for 9. Fucking come on
Did Cary Williams grow dreads
WOW
Fucking cheating ass spot wtf.
Horrible spot
All we had to do was not give up a 9 yard run
No way he got that first down   😡😡
Terrible spot.
Bad spot again.
Free first down
Harbaugh challenge. The ball is visible
Wolfe is playing good tonight
WHY IS HE WIDE OPEN IN THE FLAT
"I’m sorry what? That was short and the ref slipped and put it a few inches further than he meant to, what the fuck??"
"Fuck, judon ball out or something. Equal out the refs bs"
Derek Wolfe is a goddamn tank!
Why did that dude just give up on going for the sack?
"We have the slowest pass rush I swear, on exacerbates our poor passing offense when our D can't hang with a good O"
Honestly can't watch these refs. I don't know what's a penalty
"Nfl needs a better system to decide ball placements. The refs are just humans, they definitely get the ball wrong by at least a few inches every time there’s a rumble play on the line like that"
Yannick with a nice pressure!
Huge play
YANNICKK
Chris Board?? Idk who he is but I like him
"WE GOT A BALLGAME, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN."
Lmao lamar
"defense stepped up again, now we need the offense to do as well"
O line needs to step up now and force the ball down Pats throat
We have to time this well. Us going down and getting a score just to go up 1 with too much time left... I know this Pats team ain't winning a Super Bowl this year but that's still a position you don't want to be in.
THATS WHY THE D IS ARE THING
Hollywood is frustrated and I hope Lamar doesn't try to force feed him
"Time to shut up the haters lamar, this is what they said you couldn’t do"
"dad just showed me the replay of the ref butchering the spot. Runs out and grabs the ball, looks down does a Cha Cha slide to the right and spots it a yard farther"
FUCK YOU SKURA WHAT THE FUCK
Please cut skura
Skura is fucking killing us
Send Skura to the CFL
PLEASE FUCKING BENCH SKURA FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
Skura is shitting all over himself.  I wonder if its in his head at this point.
Three bad snaps. Game losing mistakes.
God 3rd and 15 bc of Skura
BENCH SKURA
God awful throw
Maybe we should put Lamar under center a few times?
Lamar got lucky as fuck
skura gotta go
Horrible throw
skura snapped this fucking game away
move mekari to center.
IT HASNT JUST BEEN THE LAST 2 GAMES HES DONE THIS HIS WHOLE CAREER
"Skura, it's that the same guy that has been waived and cut by us like 3 times? lol"
Skura sucks. Get paid millions to snap a fucking ball.
"When our offense was good, our defense sucked. Now our defense is good, our offense sucks."
Skura ruined the 4th and 1 earlier and now this
Okay we need a turnover right fucking now to keep the streak alive. Let's hunt boys.
Got lucky there. Horrible throw 8
"Has there been one clean snap tonight? I mean good lord, Skura. Give our offense a damn chance"
Who else on the Ravens can play Center?   Matt Skura ain't it
You CANNOT have a center who can't SNAP THE BALL. And it's raining? I put that on the coaches as well; his hand injury is known and was surely seen in practice.
Our 20 pt streak on the line
"Cox is snapping the ball 10 plus yards perfectly in this weather, get skura tf outta here"
Come on queen.
Dude what in the fuck. Throwing into triple coverage to Hollywood. Mind numbing. Not like it was going to get converted but come the fuck on
Still hard to believe there wasn’t a flag on that ground hit. If somebody slammed on Brady after a play was over there would be yellow everywhere.
"Surpise surprise, Queen doing nothing in coverage"
Our defense fucking sucks.
Jakobi Meyers played QB?! No fucking way Collinsworth
Did you guys know that jakobi meyers played QB at one point.
No foul?? Peters was held like crazy!!
So cam gets the call but Lamar doesn't
They won’t even get the ball back with this defense lol
Lamar actually got hit in the head
Two ravens records are about to fall defensive turnover and 20+ points
"This is embarrassing man. New England is fucking horrible, how is this fucking team playing so bad?"
This game has just been miserable to watch
What the actual fuck was that 😔
Gonna need a miracle.
"I feel like we are in this position often, can we please win one of these"
The football gods owe us
Chris collingsworth is so dumb. “Maybe he has something special for this punt”. No dumbass
Did it just start pouring even more? Great
Looks like Mother Nature don’t want us to win smh
It is pouring LMAO can they even finish this shit
"Linemen are holding, receivers aren't getting out of bounds, end of days weather..."
Okay do when we can't see downfield and Collinsworth can and says run Lamar that tells you all you need to know about our receivers
God hates the ravens lmao
Hahahahahahaahah of course. I couldn’t do anything but laugh there
God hates the Ravens apparently
Miserable game
Top to bottom team was a complete joke
This team doesn't deserve the playoffs
"As if the next two weeks schedule wasn’t brutal enough, the Ravens are now the fodder for the official New England Patriots resurrection from the dead on the way to a surprise playoff berth and run."
EDC NEEDS TO MAKE TO SOME POWER MOVES ON THE OFFENSIVE SIDE OF THE BALL YOU HAVE GIVEN LAMAR ZERO OFFENSIVE WEAPONS
"People blaming Hollywood are dumb asf. He had no chance to catch that ball, it should have never been thrown."
Trying to force feed Hollywood like he THAT guy LMAOOOOOO 🤣🤣🤣🤣
#I have never seen so many commercials for such a trash as QB such as Baker Mayfield
"If we don't beat New England we don't get past the first round in the playoffs this year, full stop"
Queen getting toasted in coverage once again
Guys you can't be blaming Hollywood for that pick. He was very well covered and the ball shouldn't have been thrown to him
Well I’ve decided imma just stay off this game thread for the rest of the night people here just being way too stupid
"Fuck all of you pessimists. It’s one thing to be upset with how our D is playing, it’s another to say the game is over and our season is fucked. It’s not even half time."
GO TF TO BED IF YOU DONT LIKE WATCHING THE GAME FFS
#In typical Harbs fashion there will be no major shakeups after this bullshit game
We're losing this shit. We'll be tied with the fucking Browns while captain fat fuck is undefeated. What a fucking collapse after having the year we had last year. Embarrassing
It's not a Ravens game if we don't do some dumb shit on a punt
Called it
Do we have a defense???
[deleted]
The people that make commercials shouldn't have jobs. That money could go to something useful
"Man, maybe some of you all should just go to bed lol"
"LMAO PUT THE GAME TO BED, you let Meyers drop a fucking dime like that???"
UM QUEEN?
Steelers loss is gonna prove huge down the stretch
I love Snead. We need to use him a lot more
[deleted]
Brown is so small
Thats fine. First bad play by Lamar all game
Lamar loves turning the ball over when we’re in scoring ramge
Why did LJ throw up that shit pass? Terrible
"Anyway, it was a good offensive half with a bad ending. We're guaranteed a defensive turnover this half and we'll keep it moving on offense. We good"
Everyone make sure you don’t get too negative! Just close your eyes and pretend nothing is wrong!
[deleted]
Anyone checked on the availability of Haloti Nghata?
"let's make it 20-17 c'mon, let's get it going"
HAHAHAHAHAHA good night
This team is a dumpster fire.
It’s getting harder to defend against the haters every week. Fucking sad
#WHERES DEZ AT???
"what happened to all of the ""fans"" telling us to tank for a better pick?"
Skura has lost this game
That’s not a raven Lamar
"Cut skura man, put mekari in"
I am actually legit shocked we lost to this trash team.
"Last week was for the AFC North, this week was to be at least Playoff contenders.  We blew both games."
"Pathetic. Mentally weak.

This NE team ain’t even good, what a sad game"
Nobody gets excited about a good centre but you really do notice the effect that a shit one can have on killing an offence
I'm confused. What were some of you expecting Brown to do? Phase through JCs body magically to catch that horrible pass? That was piss poor decision making by Lamar. Period.
"Defense needs to stop the run. Period. I don’t know how many times I thought, “oh, he’s going down,” and the RB somehow blows by/through 5 of our defenders."
Then y'all wonder why r/nfl doesn't take us seriously.
I really don’t want to watch them play another prime time game this season
I hate how fucking poorly coached this team is. It is such a piss off watching a team with high potential shoot themselves in the foot repeatedly
This sub is a cesspool of human garbage at times. Who the fuck even are you clowns?
Someone said Lamar looks horrible like that wasn’t his first bad decision of the half lol. You “fans” are unbearable
CaLm DoWn GuYs
[removed]
Already starting off with a lack of discipline nice 😐
hopefully just a charley horse
Worst defense I seen since the Chiefs game. Maybe all those injuries starting to show now
So you can do an illegal pick as long as it’s not past the line of scrimmage... hmmm
It would be the most Ravens thing for the O to look elite and the D take a complete shit and let NE win
What on earth is Cam’s hair? It’s like it has hands.
"Being mediocre feels even worse than being flat out bad. At least when you’re flat out bad, it’s easier to emotionally disconnect."
"Remember when the Ravens had the best defense in the league?

Pepperidge Farms remembers."
I appreciate this bully ball from NE. Teams don’t do that to us often.
Embarrassing
Imagine being a top 3 defense arguably the best defense in the league and we can’t stop one of the worst offenses in the league 💀 god damn when it’s not one thing with these team it’s the other
How do the Pats constantly find ways to score off plays like this every fucking season
The Jets embarassed this team last week. What’s our excuse for this?
Patriots so confident they take the TO lmao.. don't blame them tbh after what I've seen so far.
Hollywood had no chance at that. Really poor decision.
"We had these games all the time with Flacco, guys.

Remember when we lost to Blaine fucking Gabbert in 2011 on primetime? When we choked against the Chargers that same year? That was a 12-4 team that was so much better than the 10-6 super bowl team the next year.

It's fine, just hope for an Indy-esque second half. I think we'll be a much better second half team tonight."
"I agree that Hollywood is not doing a good enough getting separation, but blaming him for that int is ridiculous. That throw and decision was atrocious."
"People forgot the times Hollywood was open early this season and Lamar just missed him. Couple times in the chiefs, and Washington  game come to mind"
I never wanna hear Hollywood complain about targets when he's being put in Alcatraz by JC Jackson when Lamar is trying to give him the ball.
We gonna be fine if the d can pick it up
This is trash
"Still think us ""doomers"" are wrong?"
If we go and throw 2 out of the next 3 plays. I’m going to bed.
Adios Greg Roman.
Every time Roman calls a play there should be a laugh track playing immediately after.
"Here we fucking go. This is why I fucking hate th ""only down by 3 mentality"", the fucking momentum has to be taken into consideration."
Fuck Greg Roman. Please fire this stupid shit already. That was the dumbest play call ever.
"I consider holding them to a FG after the botched snap, a positive to build on."
Yea season is over. When do yall want to have the Lamar contract extension discussion?
"Our offensive line: 

LT: Orlando Brown (filling in for Stanley)

RT: Bradley Bozeman (6th round pick)

C: Matt Skura (coming off of a ACL, MCL, PCL, and dislocated knee injury)

RG: Ben Powers (I don't think he's ever started a game before)

RT: Patrick Mekari (UDFA and first time playing tackle tonight)"
"Every. Single. Week. What is John Harbaugh doing? This is the most undisciplined any Harbaugh team has looked ever. 


Edit. Undisciplined."
We have 2 burners in Hollywood and Duvernay and I’ve seen zero wr screens!!! blasphemy
A long drive that ends with a TD would break our backs rn. We gotta stuff them back here.
It’s sad that Ngakoue hasn’t gotten a sack for us yet but he has been our best pass rusher easily since we got him
"Ugh, I haven’t been this stressed since Election Day..."
Skura just lost us this game
Terrible throw and decision
Patriots MVP Matt Skura everybody
A dropped pass followed by a pre school snap. Go fuck yourselfs
Why the fuck is Skura still in the game
Watch this count as a big game loss for Lamar but last years against Patriots dont 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
See ya next week Flock. :(
This is one of the worst losses of the last few years.
Cut Skura.
We just lost to the patriots
"ITS A COACHING PROBLEM, OUT-COACHED"
Harbs and Eric need to get to the root cause of this shit at the end of the year. Something is terribly wrong.
"I’m still rooting for Roman to get the boot so we can move to a Bills/Hawks/Cards offense. 

I maintain this offense limits Lamar so much with his arm with these shit passing concepts"
"“Ravens offense is too predictable!!”

*Ravens try something different 

“OMG why are we doing trick plays??”


Some very fickle fans"
"Ravens thankfully have a crap schedule and can probably win 10 games just by beating DAL, JAX, CIN, NYG. They’ll probably beat Cleveland too because they stink, but TEN and PIT are Ls"
End the fucking game. Take the L. Lets save the embarrassment. Shit is looking like checkdown flacco years again. Roman ruins another QB and Harbaugh is too chicken shit to do anything.
the only good thing about this year is biden winning
"Fire Greg Roman, cut Skura

This team is ass."
I’d give a limb to be half as good at something as Dhop is a football
"Hey offense, just pretend the Colts game never ended so just keep doing what you were doing."
Lesssss go can’t wait
LETS GOOOOOO RAVENS I HATE WAITING SO LONG
fuck the pats. i'm glad they suck now.
I am hype. Maryland drivers are terrible but they are not as bad as Massachusetts or Connecticut drivers. Big Truss.
We are going to feast tonight. I want to see that second half last week ravens all night tonight. LET'S GO
Are any dogs in the house
This game should be a slaughter.
Hoping with all the scrutiny the ravens coaching staff has received we see our offense light it up today
Bruh Cam Newton has 2 TD passes... and 11 INTs this is the biggest fall off to a superstar ever
Cris Collinsworth looks old as shit lol. He’s aged 20 years since the last time I saw him.
**I’m Ready**
"Imo we're a better team, but the combination of Roman being trash AND going against Bellichick has me kinda nervous"
Why tf does Lamar have to play in so many rain games ... that combined with having early leads in so many games is a huge reason his passing numbers are low which nobody ever mentions
Why TF does the US have so many damn commercials...it shouldn't take this long to watch a game
caw caw MFers
Imagine Prime JO on this offense.. wait he was never not in his prime
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Hope this is a Madden worthy game
Looks cold and rainy. Gus busssssss
i am once again asking everyone here if they know where i can get harb's mask
Lol yikes to those PFF rankings for our receivers
Skura 30/37 on PFF? Damn lol
jfc that was close
Former ravens superstar John simon
I already like what I see from playcalling and protection. I'm checking out for the night to just watch. God speed.
C’mon awareness
Hill come on man!
At least our o line isn’t fucked this game...
Hill would have been able to see the fair catch if he wasnt being held the whole time
"Why yall mad already, i liked that drive. We took a shot and lamar looked good dropping back"
Nice pass by Lamar. Brown just didn’t separate.
"Well, that was an uninspiring opening drive.

Let's see what the defense has in store."
1:30 am here on a Monday I hope we win this shit or I'm gonna be pissed
"Watching that Hopkins catch makes me really think what could have been, maybe he could teach our young guys to get separation, also he could make contested catches"
"Anyone else see that Hollywood was WIDE open on the first play of the game? I think Lamar knows he missed it, which is why he forced that throw on third down"
I'm just embarrassed for this Offense
I’m just frustrated we whiffed on Boykin and (maybe) Hollywood when the last two drafts were stacked with really good WRs
So they just going to gash us
wtf is that td/int ratio
Could we maybe tackle with arms and stuff?
Y’all saw Murray to DHOP? WE NEED THAT FR LOL
F thepats
Holy shit Harrison!
Leek with the huge hit in the backfield.
Harrison bout to murder this offense lol
Missing calais
"You forget how big can newton is...


Nope, no he's fucking enormous"
I hate Cris collinsworth
"Well, so far the inept Patriots offense is moving better then ours."
YIKES Judon
There's no way Queen is 80 out 88 NFL LBs lol. None.
Okay Judon did something! Cheer!
Fucking finally Judon
Look at Judon making a positive play!
God our secondary can’t catch a damn break
A POSITIVE JUDON MOMENT!
Oh shit Judon got a sack
Walk it off marcus
Jesus no more injuries in the secondary please....
So we have 1 healthy corner
"Damn this stream is WAY behind


Good job, Judon!!!"
great more fucking injuries
God injury’s suck
Ugh please not be serious
"A few notes on Baltimore’s defense: - @gdowning14


- The Ravens have allowed 17.8 points per game this year, the fewest in the NFL. 
- They have forced 17 fumbles, the most in the NFL. (Next-best team has 10). 
- They have a takeaway in 21-straight games, the NFL’s longest active streak."
Will we ever have a year without a million CB injuries? Doubtful.
"Was that knee on knee? If so he could be OK but obviously, that will hurt like a mfer for a while."
Run the damn ball
Why do we keep running into each other. DB's and WR's
Please let the juiceman be alright
I miss having confidence on the offense :/ was such a wonderful time
Our CBS are made of tissue paper
PETERS <3
Ts&Ps for Peters - just rub some dirt on it you’ll be fine
"Here’s a ravens drinking game, every time we motion the TE and we end up running that way take a shot."
Did Guy just pancake Fluker?
I love that formation they were in
Mark Andrews: **ON**
mandrews always feeling it
"Collinsworth ""Lamar gets effective when Andrews is wide open"""
Keep that pace boys.
"This first quarter went hella fast, haha.

Gonna be a run-heavy slugfest."
"Yes, use the short routes and generate YAC"
Snead with the clutch
That mullet omg
"WE LIKE OUR GUYS

oops wrong sport"
Snead has been our #1 Receiver lately.
YEA NEED FOR SNEAD
DUUUUUUUV
[DEVIN DUVERNAY](https://i.redd.it/ytjhiiy35jw41.gif)
Great drive 👍
Duv is such a beast with the ball in his hands. Would be a great RB if we weren't stacked there.
 Charlie work Gus
Snead with the moves lmao
NEED 4 SNEAD!!!!!!!!!
Sneeeeaaaad
Just like we all expected tonight.
LET'S FUCKING GO GUYS!
Yes snead 👏
Great drive man
That toss was 😍
Jet sweep so effective lately in the red zone. Glad we used it too.
We have run plays tonight I haven't seen us run before. I love it.
"I feel like last year, the game that really showed how good the Ravens were was against the Patriots, lets hope that's the case, and we destroy the Pats"
Willie looks faster this year
Woo yay touch passes
I'm IGZN and I approve this drive
"Everyone always talking about how snead is a wr3 but he's always the one to get it done.

Half problem with opportunity, but still stands"
"Nbc decided to interrupt the broadcast to tell us about a tornado warning several counties away.

Come back to Willie Snead celebrating. Nice."
Offense not looking bad at all 👀
We have so many speedy WRs. I love how they are finally utilizing that on screens and runs. They might not be able to get open downfield... but they sure as hell can outrun people side-to-side. Get them the ball quick and just let them try and miss a few defenders. Awesome playcalling by Roman.
I don't know what GR did for play calling but don't stop
Wow fuck off
#Fuck I’m going back in the bathroom
Fair call. He’s in a position to break his neck
I really hope this doesn’t turn into a penalty fest
Dude wtf
WTF WAS THAT!!!! Bullshit call!!
"30 yards in penalties on completely stupid actions. Never, ever change."
Elliot’s losing that Xbox $$ left and right
"Lol ""sharp throw"" OK there was not a defender within 6 yards of him."
This next beer is for all my homies who gotta get up early for work tomorow
Run defense is absolute shit
Not liking our Rush D so far.
It pisses me off that play converted. Fucking make the play and tackle the runner.
Brandon williams hurt ankle smh
That wasn't a pick?
Offense finally shows up and the defense stays on the bus
that was pathetic defense on that drive
"Williams is hurt, they’ll run all over us if he can’t get back out there. Injuries are really mounting on us in our most difficult stretch"
That’s not how you wear a mask Cam
"Well, we gave Cam his first passing touchdown in 4 games."
"Man, it’s almost like our D took the Madden Curse from Lamar"
Yo they just played some FM 84 lol
Man pull of a timing route with a bad snap. Impressive.
Not liking the 3 RB system. Give the ball to Dobbins and Gus
GUS BUS
Gus touches ball good things happen!
#GUS BUS
anyone who watches ravens games shouldn't be surprised andrews is up there lol
Penalty on NE
Okay is gus catching the ball he needs start over Ingram
Yep call that on us call that on them
Head to Head. Thankfully they noticed there's two teams out there
Dobbins got fucking thrown lol
Soulja needs to learn to social distance from corners
"How TF are you guys calling these ""soft calls"" both were flags idgaf"
Terrible cutback. Use your speed and run forward.
">With that 9-yard scramble, Lamar Jackson joins Cam Newton as the only NFL QBs to produce 500 yards rushing in each of their first three seasons - @jamisonhensley"
"Brown had a step, Lamar sailed it a bit, get over it. We know he's 5'8"
Somebody tell that douchebag mullets were funny in high school. Grow up
"Defense gotta show up, let's get a 3 and out"
this is going to be a turnover battle. I think whoever wins that wins the game tonight
Needed 7 there. Time for the D to give it back with some time on the clock
Are you supposed to wash jerseys??
It was a weak call but it would've been 4th down anyway. Ill take the JT points
It looks like this is going to be a close game
Gonna give up 200 rushing yards ffs
Is Harris like Derrick Henry in disguise?
Alright pls get the stop D
71 low effort as fuck
Campbell is on IR?
"Tackling man, are we not getting live reps in practice?"
Man we have been decimated with injuries
Our interior D line is soft af without Williams and Campbell
"We need Williams back, Ellis is getting owned at the line."
Tackle the motherfucker already
EDC all i ask is give Lamar a stud WR1 please!
Rain + decent blocking = defense getting scorched off the ball
Harris is gonna have hella yards after contact
Defense seems so uninspired rn. Just going through the motions
We really need Campbell out there SMH
Going in tied at 10-10 at halftime and not getting the ball is not how I expected this game to go
Hey all. I'm late to the party. Is Campbell playing today? I kind of got the feeling from Harbaugh's interviews that he might miss a few games.
Come on defense.
Tramon Williams out there in 29 👀
I hope Calais and BWill are back next week...
"They take the lead before half, then get a scoring drive to start the second I'm gonna be real worried with this defense."
"It's pissing out rn, I don't think this is indicative of our actual defensive capability"
Run it unless it's 3rd down. Then pass. FML
Hey who gets the ball at the second half?
Looking lethargic out there. Front 7 getting their asses handed to them.
Lamar is having his second (?) best game of the season and it’s going to be a 10 point half. Our team is weird.
There literally is no back-up plan when your starters go out. You can't just put backups in and expect them to play like the starters. Especially when you have this many injuries.
Relax guys we’re a second half team
I am so fucking angry right now
This defense must be drunk WHAT THE FUCKKKK
How do NFL teams still fall for that
Embarrassing....
I saw that from a mile away
Aight let's go into the half up 4. Who says no?
edelman ptsd
Trash defense tonight huh
Jfc how didn't d attempt to even do anything. Half our problems are everyone giving up
He missed!
God I really fucking hate that flea flicker
"Queen is good, but he is also a rookie."
That was a dime tho lol
nick is folking trash
Week 16 vs Cleavage 2.0 lessgo
Obviously the defense isn't up to play today. Lamar and the offense are gonna have to go MNF Rams on them.
"Fuck 2020.

Seriously"
"Drafted Queen for his sideline to sideline speed and to help in coverage. 
Hes only been good in run defense, not like that matters so far tonight."
Reminder that our D-line is missing two of our best run stoppers
A fucking minute left until halftime and here we are with yet another commercial break lol
This defense is giving me diarrhea.
Fluker getting beat bad...
Oh boy this OL is not holding up in pass protection
"Now would be a good time for a screen. Low risk with chance of big yards, also keeps receiving close to sideline so we can stop the clock."
MOAR COMMERCIALS
Duuuuuuuv
Goat Tucker gonna even this up.
This weather is horrible. Lamar is doing really nicely.
Fluker is getting dusted off the snap every play
Good catch but roll out of bounds lol
Absolutely awful throw.
What an awful decision
God awful throw
Why. Just why Lamar.
Lamar makes so many decisions this year that i just can’t believe
That's on Lamar
We could’ve gone for 3 but he got greedy
bruh
-IQ
The one thing Lamar couldn't do and he did it.
Hollywood just cannot ever get open
That was dumb
Why does he throw to a guy when he's covered?
"Unnecessary shot, even if complete we're probably kicking a FG"
Another Prime Time game and crap showing.
Stupid throw and horrible positioning by Hollywood.
Smh terrible decision! We needed a FG not a shot down field
Well that was awful.  Time for adjustments and some 2nd half dominance.
Dude begging for the ball but can't get open
That Madden curse...
Covered underneath and overtop + no arc = not a good time
"Why throw jump balls to Hollywood, dude had him blanketed. Would rather see Dez out there."
"Say what you want about his passing ability, but it really feels like Lamar’s decision making has taken a nosedive this season. I’m shocked."
Now we'll get run on. Missing key run defenders. Terrible first and goal series and that pick.
DEZ OR DUV WOULD'VE MADE THAT CATCH. I'M SO OVER HOLLYWOOD
Fuck man imagine having a receiver like Hopkins I bet we would ruin him tho fuck man
"Hollywood needs to work out or something, he thinks he can be like Tyreek Hill but hes just not fast enough"
I don't want to watch this defense play football anymore today.
Defense is just getting anally excavated
🙄
“We need to stop them on the ground” they come out and just run on us. Long second half.
As long as New England keeps running they’ll win this game
My god we need Campbell
"patriots= hot knife

ravens run D = butter"
loveeee the run defense
Wow our backup DL is killing us
Queen is really struggling tonight
Queen is having a roughhhh game
We are too focused on forcing the fumble with how bad they are gashing us. Make the tackle.
Yea this game is over
Derrick Henry gonna run for 1000 yards against this team
Run Defense is joke a rn
"Fucking Peters, dumbass."
Im just gonna see how high I can get before I fall asleep
LMAO how does the run d get worse
"Holy crap, the Ravens suck. This Patriots team is utter trash."
Queen has some serious issues. Bring the downvotes
Harrison looks lost
SO FUCKING BAD LOL
That 2nd QTR INT is going to be the nail in our coffin. This defense is not getting a stop.
We're gonna fuck around and lose this game.
"Fuck.  Off.  
  
Nice flop."
defense couldn’t stop shit right now man wtf
Queen looks bad this game
Yikes lol. Well at least we'll get to see Lamar air it out...
This defense is eye torture.
"And more injuries on top of it, fuck my life"
And there goes the only starter on our defensive line....
Unbelievable 😂😂
Where are our linebackers?
"If we lose wolfe in this game, they'll finish this game running for 200 yards."
Are there enough defensive linemen to finish the game?
Why Tf our defence look so shit today
Oh God....... Hoping the injuries aren't too bad
2015 war flashbacks
Halftime adjustments are a problem for harbaugh. Sometimes it seems like they just went in the locker and didn’t talk at all.
I'll cut off my pinky to not have any more injuries this season and get everyone back
We need to sign some of these vet OGs that just got into free agency and look for another CB.
missing the pre-injury defense
Argh this fucking run d
Play like this in prime time smfh
Offense needs to ball out like in the second half of last week or we're in big trouble
Patriots almost Lose to the Jets but they're walking right through us like it's nothing.
Andrew will be the x-factor in this comeback i'm calling it
Man it's like nobody wants to tackle at all today
Even if our offense can score I just don't see us winning with this run D. It's shit right now.
"8 RB carries...

19 passes..."
will Calais be good to go next week?
Henry is salivating right now.
I wish I got payed millions to suck at my job. If I performed like they do at my job my ass will in the unemployment line.
"Cardinals were down 23-9 earlier.

This can change."
This team ain’t built to come from behind oh boy
And there’s the jinx
I can't watch the game... Someone please wipe the camera lens.
Fluker got benched lol.
Calm down Roman we got this .
Oh snap that's right. Powers is in 👀
I knew we would play like trash tonight.
Awful play call on 3rd.   My god
"Fluker pulled. Mekari RT, Powers RG"
D.J. Fluker can’t play football anymore
WHAT IS THAT
LMaoooooooooo this team
Game over
This is an embarrassment and someone needs to be fired tomorrow.
😂
#WHAT THE FUCK WERE YOU THINKING
That's our play huh?
THIS ISNT THE FUCKING 2007 DOLPHINS WHY ARE WE RUNNING THE WILDCAT
Lmaoo u gotta be kidding me
Fucking Greg Roman needs to be out ob his ass TONIGHT
That’s it see everyone next week
"Lmfao, Golden"
Why are we doing a direct snap to ingram in that situation? Why?
"Nice snap, asshole"
WHAT THE ABSOLUTE FUCK WAS THAT ARE YOU KIDDIJG ME
LMAO what is this game
Good game... not. Goodnight.
Well.....this is a joke
Fuck off
#WHAT. THE. FUCK.
"Hot take, that wasnt great"
"Yes, let’s take it out of lamars hands. He’s the only option at this point"
A head might have to roll after this embarrassing ass shit
Awful snap but why the fuck are we going wild cat on a 4th and 1?
Yes keep the ball out of our best players GR the wildcat should do it very smart play calling.
"I've withheld it as long as I can, offense line struggles or not, Greg Roman needs to be fired."
Why would Roman call that. Just why
Can someone tell me why Skura can’t get down the snaps??
Wish we had Peko rn
Who was the dude that was “full mast” over the play calling? Another fan who doesn’t know football.
Why did we cone out in the wildcat?
"And if you're going to do a direct snap keeper at least snap it to the best RB on the team, not the worst."
Welp. A td pretty much seals it. Gotta golf them to a fg or less
"I'm too drunk to go to the store and get more liquor, but not drunk enough to be calm through this"
That’s just good Blertimor Footbirds pigBall.
">The #Ravens moved Patrick Mekari to right tackle to replace D.J. Fluker. Ben Powers is at right guard. Mekari hadn't played tackle in the NFL before today, but he spent time at that spot in college. - @AaronKazreports"
With Lamar it’s like we’re constantly in a wildcat. All that did was take the pass potential out of the offense
[deleted]
Can any of our corners force a fumble here. Please
So.....we getting rid of Greg Roman yet? Dude fucking sucks
"We need to completely fix our o-line, WR's AND edge rushers this offseason. Yikes."
You know that Harbaugh's angry neck vein is just throbbing under his mask tonight.
On the brightside we didnt go through much  adversity during the regular season last year and I think it hurt us come playoff time. If we get in the adversity and hopefully players coming back will make us better adept to handle adversity bout the only bright side I can see now.
This is embarrassing
"YOU HAVE LAMAR JACKSON UNDER CENTER BY DEFAULT FOR FUCKS SAKE!!!

What does Greg Roman do? Snap it directly to THE WORST BY FAR and also freshly back from injury RB jesus fucking Christ! Greg better be fired after this, what a dumb piece of shit."
Bro I’m straight up not having a good time
"Our Defense can't fucking stop shit right now, this game is fucking over if the Pats score here. Fuck Greg Roman"
I might have to stop watching before this gets ugly
Call the game
"Lol, they’re going to run for 8-10 yards on every play for the rest of the game and we’re not going to make any adjustments or do anything about it."
"&#x200B;

Injuries are going to be the excuse for tonights piss poor  performance and for the forseeable future.

&#x200B;

Duly Noted"
https://youtu.be/U7fjDS0jKiE
Run all over us baby. The fucking dogshit Patriots are absolutely dominating us.
our whole team is dead lmao
run D is absolutely depleted by injuries rn and it’s obvious
"We go down 17 and it’s over, at this point 13 might be to much for us"
Queen is not making tackles tonight
Every week Judon fucking God can we please just cut him
Judon with his trademark play. He fuckin sucks
Judon your are by far the most skilled idiot on this team.
"Bro what the fuck how is that possibly a fucking penalty on us.
Edit jk fuck off"
Thats a garbage call
I’m laughing because it’s better than crying...
Who is ju’don?
Judon please GOOOOOO away
"Welp, was debating whether to go to sleep and this seals it. If we somehow win, i will wake up happy. If not, i expect us to lose"
"I don’t think I’ve ever seen as talented a squad in any sport that doesn’t believe they can win THE INSTANT they’re down by even a single point.

Gameplan goes out the window and the heads go down. It’s so bizarre and it’s becoming part of our culture and it feeds the narrative that is throw around for every one of these games.

And this isn’t even a good team we’re playing tonight."
Judon wtf was that.
"Death, taxes, and Matthew Judon's stupid bum ass getting an unnecessary roughness foul.

That fucking clown is *stealing* a living."
"Yeah... idk man. 

The pats' OL has taken over the game. Our defense is committing 15yd roughing penalties left & right. G-Ro is losing his mind now as well.

How in the world are we going to win this game?"
Bs call
"It isn’t just the injuries on the O-line. Or the D-line. Or the lack of talent at receiver. Or the bad play calling. Or the regression of Lamar. It’s also the complete and total lack of anything resembling discipline. This defense gives up SO many bullshit, unnecessary penalties. It’s embarrassingly bad. And they don’t improve. It’s like they’re not even concerned about it."
Judon will be lucky to get 10 mil this offseason
It’s raining outside
"Wtf is going on, it's not like they're throwing the ball further than 5 yards so can somebody figure it out here"
Marlon seemed to be grabbing his arm/shoulder
"Field Goal, fuck I was prepared to just go to bed, now i have to keep watching this shitshow"
good stop needed to keep it a 2 possession game
"Cam is ass. I stg if it wasn't raining we'd be winning by a mile



But if my aunt had a dick, she'd be my uncle. D NEEDS TO STEP UP"
Hate to a Debby downer but we could go on a 3 game losing streak if we lose tonight with the Titans and Steelers coming up
The fact that that drive ended in a FG is a damn blessing. We need to wake up and stop making such bad mistakes
"Historically, Ravens football is having an amazing defense and subpar-good offense."
what the shit is happening
"Say what you want about Boykin, at least he didn't tweet that stupid shit."
Well every time I watched from outside we scored so I guess I’ll take one for the team and watch the rest of this game in the freezing cold...
I really don't even know anymore. I can say fire Roman but in a COVID season who tf would even replace him. We're also playing with guys literally off the street. Some of these guys I didn't even know was signed to the team lol
"You didn’t want to be the team playing from behind in this one. The weather is an abomination. If the ravens don’t get a TD on this drive, it’s over. They’re not gonna March down the field in 3 minutes late in the game."
"We weren't gonna get the 1 seed anyways, all that matters at this point is making the playoffs"
HILY FUCKING SHIT
"Lamar needs to put this on his back and stop counting on Hollywood to contribute, short plays, screens, open up the middle of the field for him. The deep ball anywhere near 15 is a no go"
oh fucking god Boyle thats bad
Broken leg.
Boyle is done
Fuuuuuck Boyle noo
Duck
Injury to insult
TIL how to separate the McCourtys. Thanks SNF
Can we forfeit before more injuries
hospital ball..
That was a loud snap sound
"Patriots: ""yoooo we just broke dudes leg better get him some help b"""
2020 can just fuck off
Everything is shit. I want off this planet. Fuck everything.
And now Boyle. Good season.
Thats Boyle’s season
Ah yes an injury to another starter is just what we need. Hope Boyle is ok
Not another injury
Starting to feel like 2015 with the injuries piling up
"At this point just forfeit to avoid more injuries. Between Greg Roman and the rain, this offense is doomed."
Seriously... We actually need to stop playing just to make sure we don't lose anyone else.
"Gdamn. I don't even care anymore
 Season isn't worth all these guys getting hurt"
I swear I heard his leg crack
Fuck this bullshit. We're done.
Delete this season
Why are you guys saying andrews? It was Boyle.
Can we just go back to week 1?
">A cart is being brought out for Ravens TE Nick Boyle, per 
@MikeReiss - @jamisonhensley"
We’ve run 2 slants for 25 yards and 2 first downs
It's gonna be a rough second half of the season boys
"Carted off, so that's definitely season over. Will the Ravens have enough players to field a team?"
Fuck well as long as the steelers pats or bucs don't win it all this year I'll consider the season a success.
My god the replay looked bad
Duvernay is already better than marquise blockbuster brown
Can we play with some urgency or energy?
HOW WAS THERE 6 PATRIOTS JERSEYS AND NOT A SINGLE LINEMAN BLOCKING ON THAT RUN??
Fire Greg Roman. Now.
 Why did they show that?
"With Boyle gone, might as well pack it in."
And his best pass of the day is ruined by not lining up correctly
What a fucking surprise
I'm actually scared for our other guys now. This year has had terrible injuries
I got downvoted into oblivion for calling that a dirty ass play in the r/nfl game thread. Am I insane? That guy was hunting Boyle’s knee
Our fucking receivers arent even good at lining up wtf
Are you fucking kidding me what bullshit
horrible drop by snead
This is the worst coached team in football. We consistently can’t lineup correctly.
"""Whoops, gotta make up for that bullshit call!"""
I mean that has to be a record for most illegal formations in a season
Like of course the rain just comes down like this as soon as the Patriots are up like why the fuck wouldn't it?
If anything that’s a first down from forward progress
Love you Gus
GUSSSS
Gus is why I’m still watching
Put Mekari at center if Skura can’t snap
Get Bozeman at C
Enough of Skura. Enough please.
Why is Skura still the centre?
We’re turning into the 49ers with these injuries lmfao
Just need a TD and a stop. We're more than capable of it. Let's go.
Again the snap was to the side. Lama is doing a great job adjusting it.
oh my goodness another bad snap
Just a reminder that we have a backup C at RT 😂
Credit to Lamar for handling these shit snaps in this weather
SNEAD LETS GO
LAMAR I LOVE YOU BRO
Willie Snead is our best WR by a long shot.
WOOOOOO NOW LETS PLAY SOME FUCKING D
Pats trying to sell all these iffy plays... fuckin hell
Patriots are still the most whiny team in the league when they have the lead
YES perfect to score before the end of the quarter!! We still in it
Did anyone hear that weird refs frequency?
"Willie ""Two Touchdowns"" Snead!"
FINALLY. TOUCHDOWN RAVENS
Redemption Snead thank you
"Cmon Debbie downers, celebrate something positive with me! Possible comeback! :/"
Skura needs to do nothing but practice snapping this week
Willie Snead for WR1
Lets go WILLIE
FEED THE SNEAD!
"Nice drive, now if only the defense can get a stop"
We just need a stop.
Let's win this for Boyle!
"Good play call, good read, good route, good throw... Solid TD."
Let’s go baby. Lamar is the only fucking reason
LAMAR
People will try to blame Lamar but he's playing with a JV squad right now and still doing his thing.
Love Lamar and Sbead😩💦🍆
Snead is nice I like him a lot
Come on Defense for the love of God.
Lamar Jackson is an ELITE NFL QB
Defense needs to step the fuck up
"I completely forgot Boykins is even on the team, he’s non-existent. ...Must be an amazing all-world
blocker."
Defense better show the fuck up now
Thank you Lamar
LOVE LIVE LAMAR
Time to extend our consecutive takeaway record right here let’s go.
Ffs poor Nick. Wish him a speedy recovery. Guys we only have 1 TE on the roster now.
Great pass
Why are we all suddenly labelled as haters now we scored? Take me back to 20k subs.
Fumble 6 let's fucking go!!!!!!!!!
Momentum can get killed REAL quick if the defense can’t make a stop.
Damn MP
Defense absolutely must make a stop here
Next week is the rematch between   the Ravens and  Titans    👀
Who said Peters dont tackle 😤
let's gooooo
"Please defense, just please!"
3 and out let’s go
CAN YOU FEEL THE POWEEEEEEE! MOMENTUM IS CHANGING
WE CAN DO THIS NEXT MAN UP LETS GET IT DONE
Marcus Peters is a dawg
It's raining at my place too and my antenna feed keeps cutting out :(
KEEP THAT ENERGY DEFENSE
Judon!  Wow
Two big run stops!
The beast has awoken.
Need to stop them from converting this 3rd
Okay if we dial it up here we have to get home. Let's go!!
Defense finally woke up
What's going on y'all? My stream died
PUNT BITCH
THERES THE FIRE LETS GOOOO
Lets go defense!!!!!!!
Now let's #FeedTheBus
Judon is finally living up to expectations
Fucking PERFECT time for defense to make a stand. We can play our game again. Lets gooooo
"Can we not get into a fucking fight when we just stopped them on 3rd down and are currently losing on the road?

Thank you."
Let's fucking goooooo
"perfect, now come on lamar!!"
Oh my God! Our defense did something!
"That was close to being blocked, damn"
Let's roll!!!!!! Eat up some clock and take the lead!
RUN THE BALL
Hand the ball to Gus 12 times
Love Ingram but we need gus
Ingram fucking sucks man
Please put JK and Gus in....I love Ingram but please
Gotta get Ingram out of there
Why ingram when gus was killing them?
Throw was shit man come on
Lamar should have just tucked that and ran
Lamar... why didn’t ya run my guy?
Lamar neeeeeedds to use his legs man
Fake it 😈
"Finally a holding call, Christ"
Fucking go for it....run Gus up the middle
FUCKING RUN LAMAR
Safety incoming 😳
This offense is a ghost of what it was last year
We need a real fucking OC
BTW where tf has Chris Moore been this season? Like he lose a leg or something?
Why tf we still sleeping on our real #1 rb Gus the bus? Sure he's a starter now but he's just the 3rd guy in rotation man
"Please just Gus and Lamar for now on, no more Ingram (even though i really like ingram"
That just can't happen.
Remember Hollywood's huge debut against Miami? I want that Hollywood back. 😔
"The only thing holding this offense back is Greg Roman, and our defense is HURTING without Campbell and Williams"
Queen getting manhandled by a rb jesus
Short
God how are we letting Burkhead do this to us?
"Lamar needs someone to make a play in each level consistently. Andrews has more good days than bad. 3 RB that I believe Lamar trust to make the plays when they matter. But in WR it's just Snead, which his average isn't that great, Boykin a non factor, Hollywood just no and Duvernay is kind of a gadget player so far."
He didn't get it
Definitely short.
Queen needs to play with more meanness next season. I want big hits on the middle not 9 yard gashes
You know they're getting that spot
Bullshit spot
Holy fuck those are some Patriot favourable spots so far
We have to challenge that spot
horrible spot
Look like he never even crossed the line
Thats such a shitty spot
no way that was the spot
Get the fuck outta here with that spot
Lol why not
"Play mad, D. You just got robbed."
Fucking bullshit
Torture
Derek wolfe mvp
Where the hell has this run D been
Stop them on 1st give up 9+ on 2nd rinse repeat
The fact that judon is one of our better defenders today is scary
This 3rd down is the biggest play of the game.
STOP THEM
"Someone needs to make a play, we need someone to step up here to save this game and give us a chance"
"This is why you do not give up long runs on 2nd down, made it all too easy for the refs to screw with us."
SCREE DRAW
Let’s fucking go!!! What a play
Big stop
3rd & 10 big truss
There we go!!
YES YES YES
Lets GOOOOOOO
Ok Lamar and Hollywood you want the ball back here you go
Let's fucking go D
aaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
21 games with a turnover right? None tonight 😭
Keep letting Lamar sling it! He’s getting into a rhythm
WE NEED THE WOMBO COMBO IN ACTION
"D O B B I N S 

O

B

B

I

N

S"
7 minute drive running the ball down their throat. Make that missed PAT hurt a little more.
"This game thread be like ""this is game. Can't win when behind, etc etc"" one sec then ""Big trussssss!"" the next"
"lamar needs to simultaneously acknowledge this is his moment, and also not let it affect him at all."
"Milk clock score TD, win 24-23"
ANDREWS WHYYYYYYYYY
Ffs Andrews
#Fuck Andrews
Andrews showing his bricks off when it counts
I swear with this offense it's like you blink and it's 3rd down.
Wet balls
MARK?!??
Why would they even consider putting Ingram in when Gus runs like that
never seen a team as lucky as pittsburgh
WTF LAMAR
GET EM LLAMA!!!!!! <3
Gotta hold that Andrews FFS.
Lmao that was wack
Lmao “fine i’ll do it myself” - lamar
Not the big moment mark Andrews drop
Dive for the knees more mcourtey you cunt
Wow we are fucking ourselves. Surprise.
Bro the fucking snaps
SKURA STAHP
Andrews and drops in big moments against anyone not named the Browns. Iconic duo.
Holy fuck Skura
Matt Skura is ruining my life
HOW MANY BAD SNAPS
We need to cut him he’s killing us
FUCKING SKURA
IF THAT'S TOM BRADY SOMEONE IS KICKED FROM THE LEAGUE
Slippery balls
SHIFT SKURA TO GUARD PUT MEKARI IN AT CENTER JESUS
Bet we throw it at least 5 yards short of the first down line
Damn skura
Skura need to be cut after this game
We have zero passing attack down field.
I’m gonna go cry into some vodka. Defense please stop them
Skura killed this drive
Lmao skura gonna get more than just a cut on his hand
Who in God's name was Lamar even throwing to?
Thanks Skura! Ya fucking dipshit
Fuck Skura man. Absolute trash.
[deleted]
Skura...
Gotta love Skura giving the game away!
Every week it’s another massive unforced fuckup from someone on this team.
Please fucking bench Skura. motherfucker is single handedly costing us this game. Put in Mekari. not as good of a blocker but at least he can snap the goddamn ball. Jesus fuck.
Put Cox in at this point
Can Cox do Center too?
Pain
That might've been a situation on 3rd and 15 to try and get 8-12 yards and set yourself up for a manageable 4th down.
"I've said it every game we're down, and I'll keep saying it... We need some I formation plays damn it!"
We need a gift here
"We can still come back. Got enough time, defense needs to hold em back."
Blame of the game: Skura
"Boy... that was a pretty bad throw from lamar on 3rd and long tbh.

They dropped 9. Gotta buy more time and throw downfield"
Fuck Skura
"How does Skura have a job? It’s not a cut on his thumb, it’s not the weather. This has been an issue for a while"
Would love a rainy day fumble here
"If this coaching staff doesn't look different starting next year, and we don't get Lamar any help at all I don't blame him if he doesn't want to re-sign"
Oh look queen just standing there letting them get the first down
Let’s line Lamar up 8 yards back and put Morgan Cox in at C
Still giving up long runs on 2nd and long.
Queen has a long way to go in coverage
“Here’s a guy” stfu
queen is braindead
What the fuck was Queen doing on that play lmao
"Here's a guy, drink."
What the fuck Peters SHED THE BLOCK
PETERS WHY ARE YOU STANDING THERE
Well I’m off to watch Lamar Jackson 2019 MVP highlights goodnight men
And that's the game for real
Wtf???
DEFENSE FUCKING COLLAPSED
That honestly helped
One more come on defense
"We lose this, we have the same record as the Browns. If we play like this next week, we lose that game too. Things aren’t looking great."
"How have the penalties not been handled at this point, we get over-double the amount of penalties than our opponents, terrible coaching"
Watch NE get 6 on 3rd and pick up the 4th down
"If you could go back to the draft and “re-select” a player, who would it be?

2020 draft"
It's been a real theme for this team (besides last year) to play down to their opponent's level.
Now that was a really dumb play call by the patriots
Here we go...
Lamar has to be special here.
Well Lamar heres your chance
Gonna be holding
Okay Lamar...
Great penalty guys that's what we need
Omg. Holding
"Well Lamar...

Do your thing my man."
Yanda really haunting us. Pretty devastating
Go Hollywood show your speed.
Football gods said more rain
Fuck these refs
Like are you fucking serious? The minute we get the fucking ball back this rain starts again? Like really what the fuck
"Even when there’s a prayer of a chance, there’s really none, because the line cannot not hold."
Imagine if we could just not take penalties on huge plays. That’d be so awesome.
Mark can't even hustle to get out of bounds! Useless when it matters lmao.
This team is running sprints this week
The fact it is raining harder here is a sign
Hahahaha even the football gods are against us now
They gave us the ball with that much time because they know we can't do 💩.  Such a shame our O is not a threat...
This is like the bad game on Any Given Sunday.
Patriots are cheating. They somehow managed to change the weather when we come out on offense.
This game left a bad taste in my mouth. Hopefully we can at least beat the titans to get revenge on those fuckers
Even the weather is against us
Ravens might not even make the playoffs. Horrible team.
 that was such a pathetic performance by the team holy shit
Did Yannick play tonight?
Was Dez active tonight? Why did we sign the guy if he's not going to play
They sniffed out that dobbins shovel pass every fucking time
Anybody know how many yards were lost due to penalties this game?
"I'm so fucking pissed. Greg Roman doesn't deserve a job. Who the fuck decides it's time to get cute on 4th and 1 when you're down 10?

Worthless sack of shit deserves to lose his job and never get another.

Fuck him. Fuck him. Fuck him."
"On the one hand, we just scored on a jet sweep to Willie Snead.

On the other hand, why are we running jet sweeps with *Willie Snead*?"
Could you dumbfucks stop trying to strip the ball and actually tackle?
"That's why Queen is so low on PFF, gents. He can't cover to save his lifr"
Yup throw a jump ball to the midget whos double covered
"# JUSTIN TUCKER IS THE GOAT, LAMAR IS THE MVP!"
Am I......liking this Roman offense?
"Suddenly GR a god. This sub man, this sub."
"If theres one thing i hate about the pats, its their tiny fucking hobbit receivers that all look exactly like burkhead"
I feel like Humphrey hasn't been near the ball all day....we need a fruit punch!
"Need to stack the box let marlo and Marcus press 1v1 on the outside, make Cam beat us in the air"
We've scored 10 points in this half against the one of the worst teams in football.
We got this Baltimore!!! LETS DO THIS
Patrick Queen absolutely awful in coverage.
Lmfaooooo this is fucking pathetic
How is Burkhead faster than Queen and why do we always fall for that bullshit
Lol tissue paper o-line
Any other time Hollywood can't wait to get out of bounds but right here when we need him to he just falls to the ground
The one thing you can’t do Lamar..........
"That was a dumb fuckin throw and y'all still blame the receiver, I really don't get it"
I fucking have no words. No fucking words
I feel Dez woulda caught that 🤷🏾‍♂️
Absolutely horrible decision by Lamar. No way around it. You gotta take the 3 pts there going into half
This is going to be an uphill battle trying to stop the run without Calais and Big Baby
I feel a big Defensive score coming for us soon
Everyone complaining about the offense but no one mentioning the defense. They haven't been able to stop the run at all
"Yeah, were garbage"
"We are seriously losing to a 3-5 team. 

Fuck Trap games"
So much negativity.
"This is further evidence that our D cannot continue to bail the offense out. They are the only reason the Steelers didn’t stomp us and have made pivotal forced turnover plays all season. 

Meanwhile, Lamar throws wild passes, regresses in awareness, our receivers are covered like flies on shit, and we don’t stick to the run. Fire Greg Roman"
I have to be up at 5 see y’all next week
Wowowowow let's put in our worst rb and take out Lamar. Wowoow
And there’s your weekly Judon fuckup.
Wouldn't he a ravens game without a dumb judon penalty
Humphrey is hurt
Why are we having a post Superbowl championship collapse? This team can't even spell Sooperbuwl.
STOP COUNTING THE POINTS!
THATS MY MOFO QB. FUCK YOU HATERS.
"That was a bad choice by Lamar.

Not only was there nothing but green to his left, but then the pass was poor. Just... why, man?"
Any score and this is likely over. Need a turnover
I can't believe we didn't challenge that
What a stupid terrible fucking pass.
"Ravens 100% have to cut Skura right away, when Cundiff got the yips we held on too long and it fucked us. This guys is a lost cause."
"I don't often say this during a game, but Matt Skura legitimately needs to get cut."
"Cut Skura, fire Greg Roman"
This was a bad one
Mother nature doesn't want us to have a chance.
most pathetic ending to a game i’ve ever seen. i’m fucking furious
Literally couldn't have been more pathetic
Fire Dean Pees
"Okay, this needs to be said Hollywood is not that good"
Everyone wants to cry about not having a wr but they were so against getting ab.
The rest of our team dosent deserve Lamar
Justice Hill once again providing great value to the Ravens  🙄🙄
Henry is going to have another field day on us
"No one was realistically thinking Lamar would keep up his MVP level play from last season, but my god, he just looks not great"
The jets could beat us right now
This is a 10-6 team guys
This team fucking sucks
"Can we please fire Roman, he's completely unable to innovate at this point"
WE WEREN’T WHO WE THOUGHT WE WERE!!!
At least that AT&T girl is hot.
Lamar threw that TO McCourty. WTF was that?
Can’t wait for the post game thread where we’re told how great this team actually is and you’re a fake fan for complaining about anything.
They gave up on national TV...
People saying refs bailout like our D wasn't shit and elliot isn't dumb
10 points so far against a team that the JETS diced up. Fire GRo today.
Flacco and the Jets looked better against the Pat's then we did. Let that sink in. Teams toast
Wait you’re allowed to run the ball on the first drive? Someone tell GRo
"Another week, another set of pussy refs. Shocker"
BS block in the back no call
Generous spot
WHY DID WE ESCORT HIM OVER THE 1ST DOWN LINE?? Tackle him dammit
COME THE FUCK ON
"Guys I cant believe this, Lamar Jackson is giving up too many rush yards smh my head"
Just get off the field defense. That’s fucking shameful
That pass coverage by queen made me wanna jump off a cliff damn that was bad
Wow for once I’m more concerned about the defense than the offense
This Deshaun Watson commercial is cringe.
Lamar and Snead are basically the players of the game right now. Carrying the team
What an awful throw. Can’t blame Hollywood or Roman for that
Why would you make that throw? Wtf Lamar...that's on you
What a dumb fucking throw
Hollywood supposed to be fast. He is not fast he is not big what is he
How is that on Hollywood? He was never open lol and it was a short throw
Jackson needs to learn to throw back shoulder throws
Hollywood sure complains a lot for a trashcan wr
Hollywood? More like High School Musical.
You would think we’d be down so much by looking at this sub right now lol
What thread was/ is worse? Last week at halftime or tonight’s?
"O-line play isn't as good as it was last year, part of the problem

Lamar can't scramble because all eyes are on him all the time, and defenders don't even hesitate to collapse, part of the problem

I want Lamar to be able to make it look like he's tucking and running, only to pull back up and throw it after faking the D. I feel like he needs better pocket awareness for that."
"Idk why we are trying to make everyone play out of their specialties. I get that you need practice in other areas, but this year we are ignoring our proven strengths"
Yeah it's game over. You can't win a game when you're being gashed on the ground like this.
"Literally fire people after this game, idc who just fire someone. Act like anyone cares one bit. Someone has to answer for this shit, even if it's Jim in Accounting..."
Trust the offense. Don’t trust the defense yet. Where tf is Yannick. He’s supposed to be our star. We’ll get it together.
"D line is too banged up to hang with these monsters on the pats O line. Secondary is thin as well. 

Things will be better once we get healthy"
"FUCK YOU SKURA.

He needs to lose his job. So many awful snaps in the last two weeks."
I'm so done with Roman. Holy fuck dudes.
"As soon as I saw Belichick bitching without having any business doing so, I knew that some bullshit would happen in his favor as is customary."
We are an embarrassment. We're playing this team worse than the Jets
Where all my optimists at? Fucking crickets in here right now...
Judon and really stupid 15 yard penalties. Name a more comical duo.
Judon. This guy is just an arse. His nothing. Harbs needs to sort this egotistical twat out.
"Not our year. These injuries and all the other problems we’re facing, I just don’t see it."
Must have TD here. I trust the D to get one good series.
"Yeah the defense is sucking right now but it’s like tou guys don’t acknowledge that BWill, Calais, Fort, and Jimmy are out to name a few."
Friendly reminder Hayden Hurst died for this. Nice.
How the FUCK do you get calls like that?? It's been several times this year that we lose plays to illegal formations. Roman has to go
Skura blows
Why the fuck is Skura throwing a shoulder into the back of Andrew's head? This man is a bigger liability than Lamar throwing the ball.
Patriots never had a chance. Let’s be real
"I’m all for complaining, but the “fire Roman” shit needs to stop. 

Let’s just say we could find a better coordinator right now. Do you guys have any idea how difficult it would be to install a new system midway through the season? Impossible. It would be impossible. 

This team has a ton of problems. The play calling is occasionally one of them. But it’s not why they’re struggling to win games every week."
That drive was on Lamar. He needs to lead this team.
"That second down play was heading for Hollywood. Not a great throw, but probably a completion if Snead doesn’t go up for it."
[removed]
kill these fucking idiot refs
can't even stop this bum burkhead
Queen exposed he’s a bust downvote me plz
Queen and skura in a photo finish for blame of the game winner
This clock management is awful
Now how will people be able to turn this on Lamar?
We really lost to the fuck Patriots? We fucking suck ass
That was such a blatant hold
This was like the definition of a trap game smh
"Ravens never deserved to win this game, but the officiating at the end absolutely guaranteed that any hope of a comeback would be squashed."
Welp we lost boys. I still love this team though. Let’s get better next week
#Embarrassing.
this team is a disgrace
"Season will be decided next week lol, with Titans & Steelers on a short week.

Even if we get to the playoffs, since it'll be via wild card route, IDK how far we can go with so many injuries :( So unlucky this year, effing 2020...."
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

If  Lamar and the  Raven's can't beat the  3-5 Patriots, one has to wonder how they're going to beat the Titans next week and the 9-0  Steelers 😬"
"lmao if anyone blames Lamar for this, you're insane"
"Queen is sorry as fuck out there tonight. Get your fucking head in the game, dude."
"This play calling is ass and Lamar's decision making is ass, Hollywood constantly takes awful angles on the ball. 

This offense is such a damn embarrassment."
Crawl so hard university
This team ain’t it.
"Walmart: ""we know how to keep costs down""

yea by using Chinese slave labor"
Of course the refs are doing their best to make sure the Patriots have any chance of winning. As is tradition
"Keep pretending like everything's fine, people"
Hollywood has been pretty bad this game
"Damn yall, can't believe we just lost the game. Some of yall whine and complain like a bunch of babies. Yeah it was a bad decision, move on. He's been near flawless otherwise today."
This fanbase is so divided in terms of attitude. sad
Here we go - another come from behind win incoming.
Get ready for 2 straight losses. Henry is gonna go for 300 next week.
The ravens spent all this money on defense but can't stop Cam.
"Andrews is making it a habit of disappearing or dropping passes in key games. We have a serious choking and pussy attitude problem.

I want some mean fucks who make big plays"
Throwaway season. We’ll be back next year.
This is the worst coached team in football
Realistically we should beat the breaks off the patriots . But as always we’re going to struggle
Lottery  420 we got this
I want to see a beat down tonight the likes of what we'd dish out last year. Fuck the Patriots
First regular season win in Foxborough tonight boyz lets make it happen.
*enthusiastic caws*
[ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING](https://twitter.com/SNFonNBC/status/1328143836196048896?s=19)
JO's voice gives me strength
I predict a dominating performance in which the Ravens win 27-14.
Let us progress in a forward motion.
Can you say 8 0 patriots sunday night again for the dumbass people who says Lamar cant win big games
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO
There will be some low passing yardage tonight
All white during a super rainy game? Nice lol
#and here...we....GO!!
Okay O-line 👀
Nice blocking
wish dobbins was starting
When’s the last time we wore all white? Feels like forever
Hollywood was open on that play!
Crazy seeing the stadium so empty.
Ravens legend John Simon?
LEGGOOOOO BIG TRUSSSS
Womp
"I always wonder what the deal with John Simon was. We gave up on him quickly, and he's had a pretty decent career since."
Ugghh.
Bruh
Hollywood is so small goddamn it
What was that hill?
Justice hill is dumb lol
ayyy I love Queen
can we pls start giving it to Duvernay more often
Justice Hill was held and couldn't even see the fair catch wave
Why does cam look high in that pic lol
The refs are awful. How could they call that fair catch interference? Game is rigged as usual /s
Clusterfuck
I mean just because you're blitzing doesn't mean you can't hit the ball carrier lol
Run defense?
No huddle? Interesting.
nice d boys......
Harrison knocked that blocker back 5 yards lmao
Malik blew that up
Run defense???
I have a feeling we will see a Peters pick tn.
Harrison blew that mofo up
damn trucked by cam
I wish Jaylon could set a fucking edge
Harrison isnt going to let the coaches put Fort back in
Hey run d you can wake up now
RAVENS DEFENSE ASSEMBLE
So we didn't see a QB draw coming there? Why tf was no one on the line
"Seems like the Pats coaching staff realize if they want to win games they need to rely on the run game, I wonder when ours will figure that out."
Nice to have Marlon back
Queen read that so well
That made up for being trucked lol
Only PFF could rank a top DROY candidate as one of the worst linebackers in the game. Absolute joke
How can anyone take PFF seriously when the number 1 defense only has one top 10 player?
Wow Judon sighting pleasant surprise
Dont cheer judon. You know who you are.
Judon showed up tonight.  Noice
102 of of 111 OMG
#WELP
JUDON DID SOMETHING
"At the end of the day, I don’t have to climb in bed with a woman from Boston, so tonight is a win win"
JUDON CHOP!
Matthew juDON
FUCK NOT PETERS
judon finally did something
Not marcud. PLEASE NOT MARCUS
Holy shit Judon actually finished a sack
peters noooooo
Body built by Taco Bell
How about we try running the ball this drive.
Not the Juiceman...
Judon sighting
Judon did something right.
It doesn’t look like a terrible injury
Can they wipe the camera lens?!
Can we get Dobbins involved please
FINALLY JK
Need a first down here.
holy shit was that a pistol formation
Everything just seems soooooo much more difficult this year. I will never understand it
"I do like jk as our main, but still like ingram always gets some little catches too. He's definitely a piece we can use they just need to change it up"
GUS THE BUS!
Atleast this game will be over quick. Both teams will just run run and run some more.
"When Edwards or Dobbins are in the running game, good things happen. They need to be the co-feature backs."
Oh look at us throwing and catching...
There we go Willie.
"serious question, are we having way more injuries than other teams? It seems like we're losing multiple players every game :("
Steve needs a hair stylist
LJ...Stunt on them Hoes!!!!
DUUUUUUUUUV
Duv needs more touches
Lmao Collinsworth loves his patriots on sunday night...  fuckin pussy
Great play call and pass to Duvernay
DUVVVVVVV
I like this
"Waaaay more misdirection so far this game, I love it"
DUVERNAY. NUFF SAID
DUUUUUV
Great use of a screen with Duvernay right there!
Man I get so nervous when LJ runs with the ball like that
more screens with our quick receivers please
[removed]
Dat boi fast
Duv has that track speed
STUNT ON THEM HOES LAMAR
GUS THE BUS!!!!
What kind of commercial was that 😶
Was that the Ultimate Warrior’s theme song? 😂
Give it to Dobbins damn
SNEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAADDDDDDD
TOUCHDOWN!!
SNEADDDDDDD TD😈😈😈
KEEP THIS PACE. We gotta get an early lead cuz we never catch up when we're down
Snead’s first TD on the year?
The sNeaD Sweep!
NEED IV SNEED!!!
"TOUCHDOWN SNEAD!!!! 

LEGOOOOO"
Willie Snead is Mr. Reliable 👍🏾
Sneady spin
"Thanks offense, very cool"
Interesting to run that with Snead instead of Brown or Duvernay
WOOO SNEEEAAAD
Wow finally something more creative!
Never in doubt for the XP
commentators have gotten self aware with the jinxing it’s over
"Watching that play, I can confidently say that I am physically capable of making NFL caliber touchdown passes"
Let’s get that 3 and out D!
Best drive since Cleveland game
That drive was phenomenal and played exactly into the strengths of this offense.
"&#x200B;

O.J. Simpson  😂😂"
"OJ who? Hello, twitter world, its yours truly..."
Blah...
Fuckin penalties
No Xbox for you EVER DeShon
Thats a flag
don't start this bs
"God dammit, let's not kill ourselves with dumb ass penalties again"
Oh come on
Bullshit ass call.
Oh were going to give them yards now with BS... OK
ptsd ptsd ptsd ptsd
I swear our defense has more yards on penalties than yards theyve actually given up in the season
so who's in on the cam Newton jerk off party?
Damn the defense is getting fucking worked tonight
The patriots offense is doing surprisingly well against our defense
How many off that penalty tho
Bruhhh cmon defense
That was a sucky sucky drive
"Real, real bad by the defense. Good lord n"
b will questionable to return fuck
So that's not a crack back block?
wait that's not Mayfield's body?
Yea they called a pick play but it wouldn’t have worked if Elliot hadn’t bit so hard on the inside run
They got to our 41 because of a bullshit call. That drive was killed right there for our D
>Ravens injury update: #98 DT Brandon Williams - ankle - questionable - @CSteele32
Brandon Williams questionable to return oh boy dont let me down run D
" ""DT Brandon Williams (ankle) is questionable to return."" ughhhh"
This offense needs to DICTATE and not take whats given
This extra qb movement in the pocket is a waste of time every fucking time. It never works.
Llama 🦙
Speed DEMON
"That play shows our receivers can’t get open, or the plays are so basic it’s so easy to read."
I want the broadcast would show what’s happening downfield on those scrambles
Lamar more like a flight stick.
FUCK PENALTIES
first doen lets go
BIG TRUSS
"Glad they awarded that first down, I would've been livid if they didn't."
What a catch jfc
Nice catch Mark
"Bad spot, but I’ll take it lmao"
Lmfao they pushed him to a first down
What the fuck is wrong with Skura
Less Ingram please
"Andrews is the most handsome of that trio, by far."
"G-Ro, I applaud your play calling tonight. Whatever you're doing it's working."
I think thats the first Lamar checkdown I've ever seen.
Gus Bus acting like Dobbins doesn’t exist 😂
"Giants/Rutgers fan here, Love me some Gus Bus lol"
Do the pats have no pass rush or is our line blocking REALLY well?
Hey they got one of those penalties too!
Who ever doesn’t think Mark Andrews isn’t a top 3 TE is a dumbass
I love Gus. Dude is a mauler.
Well at least the refs are consistent with lowering the helmet.
Okay refs all is forgiven...for now
That would be targeting in college
He got a big body call him big body
100% here for gus in the passing game
At least they're consistent but I disagree with both calls tbh.
Cam pull the mask up you dumb cunt
Good you wanna Ticky tack  elliot you ticky  tack the Pats.
When Ricard doesn't drop the ball he's a problem in the open field lol
DiAbEeTuS BiG TRusS
Alright. Fair enough refs
The play calls on offense looking very good rn
These streams are pissing me off
Rare Justice Hill sighting.
Snead looked wide open on that bad throw to andrews
That was a weak holding call
We have lamar and we cant score in the end zone because of these playcalls
Good drive even though the last few plays sucked
We really missed Ronnie Stanley out there that drive
Goddammit that’s frustrating. That’s the kind of thing that would NEVER happen last year.
Chad masters in shambles lmao
Uh that's some fucking bullshit.
Typical shitty New England weather rolling in
So we’re just not going to learn what worked last week against a weaker defense this week? Are we saving our fast tempo offense for the 2nd half? We absolutely cannot afford to lose this game against a bad patriots team
Need a three and out
Oh no not Williams
Nobody can make a tackle
Piss poor defense.
Absolutely zero pressure on Cam fucking hell
So defense just can’t finish today?
Real 2015 defense vibes rn
Need to make that stop. That's twice we've missed plays for losses.
How do we not get him when he has no blockers and is 6 yds behind the line of scrimmage?
Jesus christ make a fucking tackle
You have to make the tackle. Fucking hell. That was so so bad.
Dudeeee we so many people but not one of them made a tackle
This defense is soft as hell
Lol Harrison if you're going chip him back there then blow his ass up
We cannot defend a fucking screen to save our lives
Our defense simply doesn’t want to play tonight wtf
Defense cannot get off the field. Missing tackles in third down left and right.
No BWill and no Calais and we’re getting gashed
Defense needs to shape up or we’re going to throw this game away
"Who the he is 71? He big AF, but he's not moving much"
COME ON. PLEASE PLAY TONIGHT D
Ooff getting run the fuck down
"Cant win a game when you give up 5 ypc, wtf is going on"
CM9N BALTIMORE
Wtf when did Calais go IR? I thought his calf thing was minor
This DL of ours is such poop. I want good OLBs again.
Time to dial up a blitz
Without bwill and Campbell we cant stop the run man
"The hoodie is a genius for finding out weakness guys, no one would've figured we are going to get pushed around up front when half our defensive front is injured."
Humphrey has been quiet tonight.
I'm so grateful to the pace of this game. The first half took like one hour. 😂
Who else was called the human joy stick?
Run defense falling apart
Paul Giamatti looks different when he’s not all blue
Cam Newton has the easiest job in the NFL rn hands down
We are making this offense look like a Paul Giamatti TV show when they are really a Paul Giamatti commercial.
have mercy on us Henry
"I get were missing some key players, but the forced turnovers really paper over a lot of holes on this D."
"How long is Calais out? Dude just tweaked his calf, he didn't sprain his knee or something like that."
Campbell and Williams r clearly massive losses and NE’s run block is very good
this defense feels like death by papercuts rn
Run D again the biggest weakness. When can we pleeeeease have superstar OLBs again
"I've been muting commercials during football games for years now. One of the most effective life changes, lol."
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT SHIT??!!
What the fuck
Pathetic
BOOOOOOOOOOOO
Pretty sad defensive effort.
embarrassing
Are you fucking kidding me.
We drafted him for coverage lmao
Bull...
Fuck me.
fuck
I know I'm not watching what I'm watching 😐
Did that xp just get tipped?
Fuck the pats
That was just frustrating.
BIG MISS RIGHT THERE
Pick Cameron off
Let's see what Lamar can do with 62 seconds
legit garbage defense
"Seriously though, why bother with a mask if you’re just going to use it as a lower lip cover?"
[deleted]
At least Hollywood didn't drop that.
They are just abusing our Tackles at the moment.
Let Lamar fling this bitch please.
This is a 24-20 type game. Suck it up
Does anyone track commercial time per game? This is fucking absurd.
Lamar is playing great tho man. Pls defense let’s do something
I think duv loves the commercials too
Have we completed a pass in the air for over 20 yards? I mean not including RAC?
If JT makes this I’m crying
Welp
What the fuck yo...
God fucking dammit
Motherfucker.
"Bad throw , just take a the field goal"
Lol Lamar making shit throws and costing points
#fuck
Fuck me lol
God fuckin damn it Lamar
Lmfao take the 3 points wtf
That's was a forced pass
Bro wtfffff
Cut Fluker man he is a teddy bear on the line
Hollywood’s time to shine. If there’s one thing he can do it’s get out of bounds.
Belee dat
Fucking fuck fuck fuck fuck
Good job 15
"Fuck it, let's just build our offense/defense.around setting up tucker for fgs. I want to see an offense like this before I die"
cmon man
Well....
How to take points off the board in one easy step! What a huge disappointment this team has been tonight
There was no need to do that
"Ok, Marquise is souring on me a little, his inside position skills are bad. Still a fan, but we're trending downwards."
"What is that? Why are we throwing there? We had 3 points in the bag. I hate that play call, I hate Hollywood not making a play on the ball."
ughhhhhhhhhhhhh
Can we make 2 game threads starting next week? I want the old things back haha
Dude just tried to force it to Hollywood so he wouldn't bitch on twitter after the game.
Stop asking why he threw that because hollywood probably has been crying all week
"What the fuck was that playcall. Jesus Christ, Roman, just take the check down for a first down and bring out Tucker"
My local NBC feed cut out right before that pick. It's like it was trying to save me from throwing the remote through the TV
When will this team shelf out money for receivers?
"I don’t know why people are surprised, we have a “No.1” receiver that should be in the slot."
"J.C. Jackson is good and all, but we drafted Hollywood for speed right? Terrible throw by Lamar, but have we ever really seen Hollywood's speed be properly utilized this season. It feels like he hasn't had any legitimately explosive plays since week 1, unless I'm forgetting something."
Hollywood is not Hopkins
"Seriously, at this point I can only imagine giving LJ a receiver like DHop, he would have won that catch"
Harbs gonna be on Twitter patrol tonight.
the throw wasn’t bad but throwing a jump ball to there best corner active rn to Hollywood isn’t good at all
"I'm not surprised at all that this game is close, but I'm baffled by this defensive performance and that last pick...."
Anybody know why Dez isn’t active tonight?
we need a wr bad
"We were fucking spoiled last season and it shows in this thread.

Have you guys watched ravens games from 2015-2017?"
[deleted]
Need some whitepills. Lots of pessimism.
What did Hollywood tweet that everyone is referencing
Lol first play out of the half 13 yard run
Elliott is struggling tonight
Can't stop a run...
The defense isn't even at the stadium lmao
defense is fucked
What is our defense doing
This is a joke right?
Right on schedule
"I assume that the ravens will want to start getting things going on the ground. The weather seems to be getting worse and our defense looks compromised (No bwill or calais). 

Pats OL is starting to control the game."
WHAT THE FUCKKKK
Defense is blame of the game
what the hell is peters doing
I’m fucking about to turn this off
Holy fuck they are melting down
We are in deep shit up the middle
Not having a nose tackle is going to kill us here.
#Defense_get_a_fucking_stop_challenge
Pats OL is dominating in the run game rn.
Give me a break
"eVeRyThInG's FiNe, RiGhT?!?!?!"
"That flag is nonsense, and I approve the imprisonment of the ref."
Peters is either really good or awful.
Awful start *again.*
Humford makes the tackle
Pain.
Man we are getting shredded. What a joke
#WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT
Absolute butt blasting.
Someone fucking do something Jesus fuck we’re literally playing worse than the jets
Good job Marcus you fucking dumbass
"Ok, Defense is going to lose the game for the ravens this time."
I hope brandon will be good to go nxt wk.
This ain’t cool wtf
Appalling
LATE HIT OUT OF BOUNDS MORE FREE YARDAGE FOR THE PATS TO GIVE EM A TD! LOVE IT
What the fuck is this season
Glad the defense decided to show up
Made it look easy. We’re fucked tonight.
Embarrassing
We just got Bilichecked
Such bs
"......we going to show up now and answer?

Maybe"
We need a TD boys! Let’s go!
Not good. Big baby out officially now. What’s the record when he’s gone? Ellis and madubuike gona have to hold it down....
Carry us Lamar
Might be one of those seasons...like the eagles or San Fran where half the team starts dropping like flies and there’s nothing you can do
Jesus 6.2 ypc that's unexcusable
>Brandon Williams has been ruled out for the rest of the night. Injuries have decimated this unit. - @ryanmink
At this rate we might have to put ricard back at DT
It’s amazing to me that this is EXACTLY how our season ended last year.
Fort is out??? Where have I been?
Incoming panic forcing lamar to throw for the rest of the game
"I forgot who it was, but who suggested that LJ Fort should sit this out? I just want to talk."
Liam Neeson: Release the Dobbins.
LBs not filling the gaps.
Guess everyone who has been clamoring for Powers is gonna get a look now
If we score might as well just on side kick. Sorry defense.
How long is Calais out?
Why did we start 7 yards in the backfield on that run greg roman has actual brain damage
"It's all g if we have ingram in for passes and shit, but plz use gus and dob more"
"Even if we score here, I have so little hope of stopping their run..."
Literally need to fire strength and conditioning staff. Everyone is dying
Run wildcat with Ricard you COWARDS
How come we don’t take shots down the middle with Andres anymore?
FUCK I hate that call. At least build in SOME misdirection.
"This feels like our last two playoff games, we get blown out until the last 5 minutes and THEN we start playing football"
Gotta go for it or this game will get away from us. Going to hate the call aren’t we?
Fucking HELL.
Lmao
Why the fuck are you trying to get fancy
Every crucial 3rd and short it’s always gonna be a qb run and the other team knows that
Kill me now 🤦‍♂️
Time to turn this off
Fuck off GRo
LOL
Awesome
Hahahaha. Fuck this. I'm going to bed.
Christ
Jesus
Gg
Bruh...
Lol what a fucking joke
Of course
Oh my god
Goodnight
Holy fuck that was a trash call
I have depression
Why are we trying that cute shit in our own half down 10?
WTF WAS THAT
We going to go for it and take the ball out of our playmakers hands. Sounds like a great idea.
lmao bruh
What in the fucking fuck was that.
Greg.....
G-ro plz
Lmaoooo
Pain.
Omg
"LMFAO, Jesus someone kill me!!"
That was embarrassing
"What a stupid fucking play call. Seriously, wildcat on 4th fucking down. Fuck you Greg Roman"
"Weird, you completely ignore an offense in your in/off-season acquisitions and it sucks as a result. Couldn't have called that one..."
I waited all week for this bullshit?
Goodnight y’all I hope the boys pull it together
Playing like bitches
HOW did our 3rd down efficiency regress so bad??
Fuck this.
Jesus fuck I feel like I'm being castrated
"I don't like Roman either, but he didn't fuck that snap up. Lol"
Who has any hope that we stop them from scoring here?
Well sounds like I picked a bad time to tune in.
"I don't understand how this team is always completely different in every half. Last week 1st half, trash, 2nd half amazing. This week it's the opposite. No consistency is going to kill this team,"
Roman called a masterful 2nd drive. He has been bleh since
Ada boy Skura. We aren't even losing this game because NE is better its because the same stupid little bullshit mistakes is still haunting this offense
That was fucking stupid
One f’ing yard and you snap it to a RB who hasn’t played in almost a month six yards behind the line of scrimmage. Roman had been calling a great game to that point and he can’t help but try to outsmart the pats.
Guys what if the ball was supposed to go to Lamar and the snap was just that bad?
I’m going long on $ROPE at market open
Why take the best player on the field out on 4th and 1
Good teams don't run trick plays half way through the 3rd quarter down 10 on 4th and 1 in their own territory.
"When this team fucking sucks, boy does it fucking suck."
"3 drives with Ingram as the feature back - punt, int, turnover from him fumbling

2 drives with Gus/JK as feature backs - TD, FG

I love Ingram as a person but he has dragged this team down this year. He is horrendous."
LET LAMAR FUCKING COOK FUCKING FIRE GREG ROMAN NOW
Ravens looked like shit for the last several weeks even during the wins. Somethings up with the team as a whole and it’s not just the coaches.
We need to clean house on 80% of our coaching staff.
"Ingram coming back hasnt exactly been all that beneficial to the offense, that wasn't his fault - just a note."
Fuck you Greg Roman!
Fuck roman. Harbaugh enough defending this moron. Step the fuck up or shut that shit down. This is straight bullshit now.
I've like never even heard of Damien Harris and he's like fucking Barry Sanders out there
Fuck Greg Roman but also remember to stay positive everyone!
Hey they only got 3 yds. It’s a miracle
This is gonna be a blowout
Jesus Christ!! Is Cam Cameron our offensive coordinator again or something?!!!!!!!!!
Watching that blown wildcat play was the most painful moment of this season
Queen sucks
 I don’t understand that playcall. We only need inches to get the first.
Oh of course
Lol what a fucking joke
Judon continues his 15 yard penalty a game average
Judon is so fucking useless
"FUCK
 
MATTHEW

JUDON"
Look on the bright side guys. There are 3 wild card teams now
This guy Judon is good for one dumbass penalty a game I swear lol
About to be down 17
"&#x200B;

Welp, Lamar  is 1-6 when trailing at halftime.

&#x200B;

Maybe he can pull a rabbit out of his hat and  win this game"
What the fuck Judon? I can't wait till you leave.
NICE HIT JUDON
"How many starters are we missing on d right now? 
Jimmy Smith 
B. Williams 
Campbell 
Fort 
Tavon 

Who am I forgetting?"
Judon has to be leading the league in defensive penalties right?
[deleted]
Judon is our best pass rusher lmaoo thats how you know its all pain
So glad we didn’t extend Judon.
"I think we have to start seriously questioning our coaching. Roman's calls are insane, nothing seems to change each week. We are also incredibly undisciplined. At some point it's not just the refs screwing us"
I can’t wait for Derrick Henry next week!
A 6-2 team will never get rid of their offensive coordinator unfortunately
Watching the Ravens this year is like watching a vid with the sound a second or two behind the picture. Nothing in sync and it's so frustrating!
Oh thank god. We held them to 3 or 0 if they miss
Humphrey hurt...
How is it possible to feel like this in a 2 possesion game
Still a 2 score game. If Roman gets his head out of his ass we can come back
"On the positive side still a 2 score game, how we are gonna get back into this game however I have no idea"
Defense must’ve been out drinking last night
"If it wasn’t raining I have no doubt that’s a td.

This team needs a td score and a stop right now or this game is good as done. Momentum is everything and that goal line stand hopefully broight a little back to us."
"I'm sure our offense will score convincingly on the next drive lol, fuck you Roman just let Harbs call the plays"
Cam fucked that throw. It was another wide open Pat and they should had 7 instead of 3.
fuck it. let’s go out and win a game. 2 possessions.
Can they just forfeit and live to fight another day. Injuries piling up.
marlon hurt apparently too
pretty sure this game thread might be the worst one for a while
That rain about to lock down this game
If Lamar brings this shit back I’ll get to be really impressed.
Marlon was holding his bicep. Expecting some terrible injury with how this year is starting to look.
OMFG fuck this game man
FUCK THIS YEAR
HOLY FUCK
WTF
Fuck this game
Fucking another injury
NOT BOYLE
Fucking great. Another injury
Another injury? Isn't that just fucking great.
Boyle just broke his leg
And Boyle just broke his damn leg. Sob man.
#ANOTHER INJURY??? HOW??????
that looked really bad live
"Another Injury, why the fuck not!?"
Oh no
What the fuck else could go wrong?
And his knee and/or leg is gone
This is getting to be really really difficult to watch
Fuck that looked bad
BRO ARE YOU SERIOUS
nick boyle just broke his leg
Fk. We won't have a team left
Boyle out. Fuck
Concede the rest of this game
Noooooo fuck
OMFG
Fuck
fuck this stupid game man i hate this shit how many more gonna get hurt 😢😢
Fml
FUUUUUUUUCK EVERYTHING
Jesus man. These injuries are hunting the team this year! Prayers up for Boyle!
One of the worst injuries i’ve ever seen
I don’t think I’ve seen this many injuries since the 2015 season
The seasons over. Too many injuries
This game is 2020 summed up
Can we just end the season☹
wow how many injuries is that this game?? looking more and more like it just isn't our year. hopefully boyle is alright
I'm starting to get worried that after all these injuries our Super bowl hopes are dead
Wish me had a Hayden Hurst
I finally feel the Chargers pain
Ravens are intensifying my Sunday scaries x1000
We better sign like Wilson. And call up dez for the rest of the year
Way too many injuries. Scary season
"Injury, trash defense and terrible calls on offense. This game ain’t even worth watching."
Well this is putting a big old fuck off damper on my Sunday night
so is pat ricard our new TE2?
Duvernay being great is one of the few positives from this season.
"Literally the only good thing about this game is that Duvernay has finally taken Boykins job, for now."
Duvernay is a baller
Dirty fucking hit if that’s not good against a QB it shouldn’t be for anyone else
At the very least an ACL tare. That looked painful
"It's only getting worse for  the Ravens ...Nick Boyle carted off

&#x200B;

Only other active Tight End is Andrews"
DO IT FOR BOYLE MARK
"We're down and they run that play? Jesus, move down the field"
"Let me guess, penalty on us...

Pathetic discipline"
Maybe we should have invested more in TEs.
WHAT THE FUCK
I think we need to forfeit. I can't see another injury.
ANOTHER ILLEGAL FORMATION
We get called for one of those atleast once a game
Holy shit we are just determined to fuck this whole thing up
God how the fuck do you let that happen multiple times a year??? Illegal formation is such a clown ass penalty
Harbaugh has to be held accountable. How the fuck do they keep doing this?
To be fair all of our line of scrimmage players are hurt
DEVIN DUVERNAY IS OUR LORD AND SAVIOR
And there’s the weekly illegal formation penalty. Fuck this team so hard.
How do we have so many illegal formations every fucking week
We can’t make a pass downfield without a flag
This game is garbage but this officiating is somehow worse.
Can’t go a game without illegal formation. Does harbaugh even know the rules lol
Yep let's just wait for the impending epic downpour to start our comeback.
Illegal formation call ✅
Lol gloves don't make a difference when the ball goes right through your arms
WHAT????
Put me on suicide watch
4th down again
Fuck you Pats in no way is that an INT
"HE'S DOWN.

CHILL"
HE WAS DOWN FOR SURE
The Pats practice in the rain?! gotta be the only team in the league to do that /s
"Damn, this game thread is slow as *fuck* tonight at updating."
That's what we should have done on the last 4th down play...
I can accept holds and pi’s and shit but these illegal formations the last few weeks are unacceptable
GUS BUS
"Fuck it, I’m getting a Gus jersey. Dude is the only one who consistently kills it"
🚌
God bless the Gus bus.
Gus always finds a hole. He needs to get every 4th and short handoff
"Fuck you refs, he had the first but Gus got much more anyway"
Skura is so garbage omfg
Gus is the man
This is just the perfect storm game for us to take an ass whipping sadly.
He needs benched
Jeez Sakura what’s going on?
We still got time. We just need a touchdown and a stop and it's a new ball game.
Feed Gus. Why does Roman hate the Gus bus?
Is Crockett Gilmore still availability?
"This is why we needed to score early.

This weather is gonna be shit for throwing so all pats will need to do is clamp on the run. This is gonna get ugly if we don’t get a td right now."
Just fucking use Gus
"I mean what’s the bigger liability at o-line, Skura snapping or Fluker at RT? Because we have to pick one"
"If Lamar can come back, he can shut up the haters"
This rain is insane
I'll take 50 year old Matt Birk over another Skura snap
Get skura off center
Where is JK? This offense looks so much better with him in the backfield
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
Tf is Skura doing
"&#x200B;

Touchdown Ravens!!!  🏈🏈

&#x200B;

Willie Snead      comes through"
Beautiful
#NEED IV SNEAD PART DEUX
LETS GO
WILLIEEEEEE
Does Skura have the yips or something wtf
There we go baby
LET'S GOO SNEAD!!!!
Fuck yeah. Impressive drive with all that rain.
sneaded that
SNEAD #1 RECIEVER
LETS GO LAMAR fuck yes
"How in the fuck are we doing this, despite it all!? Wow man, this team transformed before our eyes. I hope I'm not being premature."
We need to resign willie Snead. He’s our only reliable target rn.
Goddamn it would have been so much easier to turn this game off if they just didn’t score.
"Nice TD, but we’re going to need to be able to put together quicker drives. And the defense needs to stop the fucking run."
Come on defense!
LAMAR!!!!
Woah it's not all doom and gloom?
WADAUP PEOPLE. WHAT THE FUCK IS UP HUH!
🐐
What a great throw!
We still in this!
Fuck yeah. Offense is clicking relatively well.
[removed]
Can we go no huddle more often??
I hope those who went to bed early are having a good night sleep
"I'm telling you, this is legit all Lamar and Gus this game, everyone else is fucking up"
Nice pass protection there. More of that please.
WR1
"Beautiful, fucking beautiful drive. Lamar is capable of the highest level of quarterbacking in the league but he has tot trim more of the fat out of his game. Beautiful."
Lamar hasn't been as inaccurate today.
Only down 1 score.... Lets  Go!!!
Only chance we have is if the Defense gets pissed! Cmon guys
DOGS IN THE HOUSE BRUH
I had visions of MP knocking that ball out and running it back when I saw him in the backfield immediately. If only.
COME ON LET’S GO BOYS
ESPN commercial on NBC SNF? Huh.
Get this 3 and out can’t waste this chance
"I just want a little bit of hope defense, pls."
"For all things considering, Lamar is having a good game"
Rare Judon appearance
OMG a 3rd & Long? Watch a bullshit Illegal contact
Penalty time on 3rd and long watch
Get this STOP!
please god get us a stop here
Has the defense woken the fuck up?
LETS GO
OK DEFENSE!
LETS GO DEFENSE
Pls
Big fucking stop
YESSIR CHUCK
They are playing pissed off now. Let's get it!!
"Yes, a 3-and-out stop by the defense!"
Ummm did they just skip two plays for commercials??!
"Make them beat us with Cam passing, he's trash"
FUCK YES
Give us that ball back. Let's get the lead back
COME ON GUYS LETS DO THIS
looking a lot better
"Danke dafür, Defense!"
2nd half team!!
Let’s go O! Keep it going!
"Punt return team: ""finally some action"""
I guess the nbc app is delayed from the cable feed and I was very relieved to get here and see people say HUGE STOP. Great stop. Maybe they’ve found a way to slow it down by crashing that left side?
Why is there no NFL logo on Proche’s jersey?
time for a soul crushing min drive eh
This bitch is ours so let’s get it
I didn't know that the other team could punt the football. I thought it was a myth.
How will they break our hearts this time? lol for real though
"If Lamar hits a homerun ball I’ll run into the rain and scream like a maniac.

Haven’t seen him do it in a long time."
Why is Ingram getting touches!!
Lamar needs to come out here and will this team. It's time to step up and become a verbal leader of this team. Own it! Be that leader this team needs. Truss
"Gus and JK averaging good YPC.

Nahhhh ingram"
"Either Gus or Lamar, no fucking Ingram fuck"
RUN MF
Lamar getting his receivers killed
Are you fucking shitting me
Run the ball lamar!!!
He shoulda run there.
Stupid fucking drive lol
Punt it
I've coached girls lacrosse and field hockey on those turf fields in the rain.  Slipping is going to be a big factor.
The fact that Gus only had 1 more carry than Ingram is a firable offense.
WHY THROW IT SO FUCKING SHORT
Lamar is trying to get the rest of his targets murdered on live TV.
D comes up huge and then we respond with this shit???
Hollywood is NONEXISTENT
3rd and long and you throw to a receiver 2 yards out.
Where the hell is a WR besides Snead?
"Fucking go for it, i don't give a fuck"
Willie too old for that shit
Don't do your defense like that. Come on
I would've lost my shit if Harbaugh chose to go for it
Safety inc
Safety incoming
"Ok, atleast good field position, Safety Please"
So they’ll be around the 4 yard line. I seriously doubt they get a whole lot of yards on this drive. Hopefully we stop them quick and get good field position.
That was a solid tackle. Let’s sign that dude.
"If you are curved, find out more"
3 and Out please
LET'S GO D
Pick 6 territory
Queen MIA
Soft defense.
 LETS GOOOO!!! Hell of a stop! Get this score Lamar!
STUFFED!!!
Huge stop. Huge.
Judon got grabbed around the neck on that play
Not a good spot
"If they gave it to him, challenge."
Lol 4th and 1inch that's bs
SPOT??????
What the fuck why do we keep getting fucking robbed in these games?
"Queen is young and learning, we need to give him time to develop. It’s on Harbaugh not having experience at the LB position tbh"
Lets get a fumble
Bullshit
100% bullshit spot
😐
Mcphee can’t let cam get outside there
Get a turnover
Pass defense is just letting guys run free
I’m sorry but that’s dumb as shit
"Thank God the defense is back to normal, I almost scheduled a check up after they actually got a stop last drive. It sucks to see them suck but at least now I know I'm not having a stroke !!"
I know they’re not going to let these dudes drive down the field from their endzone. Wake the fuck up defense
Challenge it
STOP THEM HERE BOYS!!!!!
No dumb penalties guys
here we go here's the play
Lamar study film
PLEASE FORCE A FUMBLE
"Huge fucking Play, please defense please"
This is huge.
There ya go D!!
Cmon Lamar this is your last chance
Hey let’s go!!
Now that was a dope play
My fucking heart can't take this shit man
"Long drive with a TD, then a big stop, would be nice"
Lamar. If you have the space to run. Then run.
They only got 1 timeout run the ball down their throat kill the clock score with under 2 min left
Don’t fuck this up Roman
FEEEED GUUUSSSSS
Jesus fucking christ
How does a lineman’s helmet come off? Explain refs
That drop? Are you serious
Come on mark
Cmon mandrews
Andrews what the fuck
Man up God damn dude
Swear to God I'm gonna have a brain aneurysm from these play calls
Classic Mark
The movesssss
What a roller coaster
Wtf that was so fucking weird
god dang right at the numbers. but also omg lamar hy shit
I love Lamar
Ball is wet AF. Sigh
Are you fucking kidding me man
Cut skura please
SKURA SUCKS SO MUCH
Throw the flag you stupid fuckers
That was a huge drop my Andrews
Nice route Brown you lazy pile of shit
loose ball my ass
SNAP THE BALL MATT
jesus christ lol
I miss 2019 Matt Skura.
Skura is so fucking terrible holy shit
Miracle man Lamar. Shades of 2019
Skura wtf bro this is an all time bad game
Brady’s would’ve got that
"Dude, Skura needs to switch with Mekari"
CUT SKURA
Holy fuck Skura
That was totally a late hit.
another snap
HOW IS THAT NOT A LATE HIT!!! FUCK THESE REFS
FUCK YOU SKURA YOU BITCH
There's the Lamar stare down again and an almost pick.
McCourty misses an easy pick and Colinsworth talks about how good he is
Don't know what more you can ask of a QB in this weather. How is Skura still snapping
#At least we still have 3 tos
Even if we win can we get a blame of the week for skura?
Skura needs to be fucking cut
"""lol maybe I'll slide the ball to lamar this time. thats a good trick"""
Skura walks home.
Kids! Come quick! That guy from the tug and rub is on Zoom and wants to talk to us about mommy/daddy! The fuck?
Skura needs to get his shit together or sit on the bench. He is hurting the team
Plenty of time boys. One more stop
Need a turnover here!!
Some of those play calls were Cam Cameron-esq
Sign Mike Flynn
That's game
Can we already call Skura the blame of the game?
Pick on queen when in doubt
Patrick Queen is just awful in coverage tonight.
bro what is queen doing
Were done
That’s game. Good night y’all.
"Imma have to look at the data, but I suspect the ravens record when they don’t force a turnover is abysmal the last five years."
A fumble would he massive
Terrible by Queen. He was guarding grass
I am sad.
Did jacoby Meyers play qb?
Always the scrappy asshole looking white guys that own us on the pats lol
Queen just freezes in pass coverage
That was a horribly obvious holding on peters
LOL brutal
Season is cooked
Lamar is playing WR on each snap but everyone is crying about the one throw that didn’t even get picked off lol
Queen was responsible for two dudes there. It was a well designed play.
Good job refs.
make the fucking tackle
Sad noises intensify. 2020 :( the year of pain
Chuck :( Come on G
Fuck this.
Discipline discipline discipline.
Embarrassing night by the defense
Here we go defense. Now's the time.
"The difference between a good and great team is one side of the ball being able to pick up slack for the other, and the offense couldn't overcome the defense's mistakes tonight"
Defense just give Lamar and co a chance plz that’s all I ask
It’s not over. Stop here is plenty of time.
"This game is an aberration -- don't fret it TOO much. 

I don't think you can assume we're not going to be able to snap the ball and its not going to be a typhoon in January. 

And this is the PATRIOTS. They may have gotten off to a slow start this season but they didn't have full camp with their new QB. They are better than the record IMO."
This is not the way
"Lotta people worried about the next two weeks. Tennessee? Ok sure with our injuries it’s a matchup problem, but it’s not like the Titans have looked good lately. And Pittsburgh is probably has a bigger gap between record and talent than any team in recent memory. 

Ravens won’t be favored in each, but they’re winnable."
A turnover here would be a miracle
If this isn't evidence that all it takes to beat this team is a run game and a halfway decent defense idk what is. How many plays did the guys give away tonight again? Skura alone gave up at least 5 plays tonight
I’m not even worried about the L any more I just want blood for how they targeted my man Boyle.
PLEASE JESUS. GIVE US A BREAK FOR ONCE
"Fire Greg Roman

I've seen too many throws on 1st and 10 in this fucking weather, while you've got Dobbins and Gus. Fuck this."
Lol
"Christ refs, let us play. It’s fucking pouring"
PLEASE NO FUCKING HOLDING SMH
And holding
They call holding on us
Bone-headedness almost certainly incoming.
Fucking hell
Fumble on a snap incoming
This weather is a fucking joke
Didnt even try to hide the holding.
REALLLLLLLYYY!!!!!! OMG EVERY TIME WE GET SOME GAIN SOME PENALTY COMES OVER AND FUCKS US
"down at half,  fire the streak back up baby"
This is hilariously painful. Final drive. Worst weather
It’s done
"lol, 3 fucking yards, you have to move down the fucking field jesus"
"I think what this season has shown us is how important having a regular training camp is for our players. Not only with the penalties, but just player development, and players (rookies) understanding the complexities of our offense and defense. I'm not saying our season is over, but man if we had a regular training camp this team would be playing so much better."
Throws it to fuckin Snead on the outside with the 160 lb wide receiver as the blocker. Gtfo Roman
Anyone notice the rain picked up right when we got the ball?
Lamar will catch heat but he literally has no chance
gotta throw 3 yard passes.....good thinking
"We’d need a miracle to win here. But if we did win, it’d be legendary."
And...lightning delay.
What are these fucking play calls lmfao eat shit Greg Roman you piece of trash
Why the fuck is Hollywood the lead blocker on a route designed for YAC?
Welp
Hahaha oh my god what a fucking embarrassment
What the fuck was that?
Yup of course that's how we end it
God damn
Lost to the fucking Patriots
Yeah this fucking rain is not going to allow anything to happen
Fuck this
...what’s a crappy night to be in New England
I don't see how they win against the Titans and Steelers with all these injuries.
Laughably bad performance. Wow.
Erase it from memory. Move on quickly is the best treatment as a fan
Fuck that keep'em out there and practice snapping those wet balls!
I don’t care how bad the patriots record is you can’t make that many awful play calling mistakes and general play mistakes against Bellicheck and win
"Run defense
Matt Skura"
This team ain’t winning no damn super bowl man. We don’t have that juice anymore. Last year was our year man. I’m just hoping for a playoff win. There only chance is to get hot late in the season
Hollywood is officially having the Antonio Brown effect on this team.. fucking wonderful
Fuck this team
"Even as a Steelers Fan, I wanted you guys to win vs the PATS.. No matter if Brady isn't there anymore. Sad to see you guys take a L vs the Pats, but I know in two weeks it's gonna be a brawl like the first game.

So have a nice day"
"13-10 and people bitching like the game is over. This is a football game, an entertaining and close one. Criticism is one thing. Being whiny bitches and shit talking the team is just a shitty way to be a fan. Go find other teams bandwagoners. You're not worth it."
"Wow, top defense my ass"
Hey guys just a friendly reminder that we’re only down by 3
"Hollywood is the definition of undersized. You can have as much talent as you want but one thing is for certain. He looks like a little boy playing a grown man's game. Not sure what they are feeding (or aren't feeding) him, but he needs a serious diet and lifting shift."
Worst 6-2 team ever.
"Got downvoted to shit after saying ""this team will not win a playoff game this year"" during the Steelers shit show, shall we try again 2 weeks later?"
"Y’all need to chill. You’re down by 3, not completely blown out. You’ll come back.

- Giants fan"
"75 yards, OK.

They got 15 after a bullshit call on Hill and another 15 for bullshit on Elliott."
I came on here to see the overreactions. I am satisfied
Bed time fuck this
6-3 here we come. This team is going nowhere
😂😂😂 this sub is worse than the game honestly.
Cmon Lamar it’s time to fucking clutch this game LETS GOOOOOOO!!!
"Look the conditions are atrocious, so some sympathy for Skura. Having said that, you cant make that damn mistake..."
That timeout on 3rd down looking even dumber now
We just gave up
checkdown joe is back
We look like retards. How can we not stop this team
Looked like a pretty slow and lazy route from hollywood there imo
Hollywood couldn’t accelerate past old ass McCourty? Cmon my soulja lol
No one gets open on our team
Please fuck off with the refball
Bill still has the refs in his pocket. Just have to get used to it I guess
They're picking on Elliot
Was that kid amazed by a fingerprint reader in 2020????
Second fucking penalty on him
"When Lamar doesn’t produce= It’s all on Roman 

When Hollywood doesn’t produce= he fucking sucks get him out of here"
Cams passing sucks. The weather is terrible. Put more on the line. !!
This defense hasn’t been able to stop dedicated running teams for years. They have a good secondary that feasts on teams having to play from behind. But now that the offense is worse the run D gets exposed.
"Wrap Williams ankle in duck tape, give him a cortisone shot and put him back in there."
They definitely got that with forward progress.
Queens been pretty invisible
Cam can't throw one guess they decided to let Myers throw one
LMFAO. They always do this to the ravens. Every fucking time
Worst drive by the defense all year?
What is Tony Jefferson up to these days?
Fuck it. I want points. Right now
"The patriots are a good, physical team. With a number of key players out, they are exploiting that. Shit happens, flock! We’re still in this one. Expect a lot of ball control from them the second half"
Wtf is going on in this thread? We were having a good time. Then we get just 3 points behind and all of the sudden the season is over?
God fucking damnit lamar
Hollywood is fast with no route running
"That throw was so fucking terrible and unnecessary. He's once trying to do way too much, and it's costing us."
If Lamar tries to continue to feed Browns little 5'9 ass the ball when he is either covered tight or had two defenders on him then he needs to be benched. He tried that play earlier in the game and he was lucky it wasn't picked. So of course when you try it the second time its gonna get picked.
"We were only up by 4 at the half last year, and we were down in the 2012 div game at the half too. Like those games I have no doubt we taking this bitch"
"In the last 1 game, we are 1-0 when trailing by three at the half"
"They’re going to run, run, run, run, run this half"
"Yeah this ones pretty much over, their run offense is just going to continue wearing down our run D. Its not like we are going to suddenly start stuffing the run game."
National meltdown as per usual lol
"I just recently moved to the UK I don’t think I’m gonna make it because of the jet lag, we got this boys stay strong I’ll see you tomorrow"
Ffs I might go to bed early
"We need to fire Roman, our offense is better than this and he is hindering it."
"2nd and 4 and we call a run play that has Dobbins start from 4 yards behind the LOS LOLLL, Greg you dumb fuck."
We getting embarrassed in prinetime again.
Yeah I’m not staying up to watch these frauds
fucking skura
If Harbaugh isn't standing there staring up at Greg Roman with fucking death in his eyes he deserves to be fired along side Greg's fat ass...
Greg Roman needs to be dropped out of a helicopter into an active volcano
"Greg Roman, taking the ball out of your playmakers hands. Delicious."
Ok let’s take the dumb snap out of it. Why are you taking a fucking shotgun snap when you need a yard in your own territory on 4th. I’m an optimist but that was overthinking it so much the play call came all the way around and slapped Roman in the back of the fucking head.
I’m actually humiliated right now
the way collinsworth pronounces judon pisses me off
How is that a foul?
What happened to Calais Campbell? :(
Tbh I’m just always ready to blame Judon. Maybe he was fine. Always mixed up in some shit tho
"Big Rape is undefeated and we’re tied with Baker FUCKING Mayfield. 

Wtf is this season"
Still a two possession game. Offense has got to come  alive right here
"I just want to punch a TV right now, but I don't want to punch my TV. I'm going to turn this shit off and go find a TV to punch."
"I love the Ravens, but they'll be lucky to make the playoffs."
You know what it’s karma. Last season we had no injuries except for Skura. We’re getting our penance.
"Hard to believe that in 2020, joe flacco is doing more damage against the pats than Lamar."
"It feels like Greg is up in the booth ""working from home"" watching YouTube and just doing his job every 10-15 minutes to be sure he doesn't get an Away status on Skype/Teams."
Yannick has been a little underwhelming so far imo. Struggles against the run.  Although missing Campbell doesn't help.
How is 85 not flagged for that? That was worse than what Judon got flagged for
Biggest travesty COVID has caused is the fact that there can’t be fans at this game chanting “BULLSHIT” to the refs
This ref.  Clown meme
Who the fuck was that too Lamar?
"Who the fuck where you throwing to, Lamar?"
"Skura has to go after this game, he has been awful, cut on this thumb or no. Also that 3rd down through to holleywood was awful and he was lucky it wasnt picked off"
Skura keeps making mistakes but the coaches aren’t adjusting. Team fail.
Fuck Skura hate that fucker
Peter's was standing fucking upright checked the fuck out
The fact the Peters hold wasn’t called was disgusting
"This is fucking embarrassing. Call the game. This is a fringe playoff team.

Right where we want to be."
This team has zero discipline.
And now we’re tied with the fucking Browns.
This is not happening. Don't lie to yourselves.
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
[deleted]
We might not even make the playoffs
Patrick Queen hasn’t played as well this season as this sub thinks he has
Lol yall need to calm down. We're down by 3 points not 20
Chill y’all we still in it!
This season is a wash
There’s a 0% chance we beat the Steelers on thanksgiving.
"Dude fuck all of you negative jack offs. 

""The ravens will never be more than a good team.""

""Our defense sucks"". 

Fuck off. Like for real. It's the patriots and bill belichick. Anyone who though this was going to be a walk in the park is an idiot. Never underestimate the Patriots even when they look like shit. 

This is still a manageable game."
HEY GUYS EVERYTHING IS FINE RIGHT?? WERE ALL SUPER DUMB AND DOOMERS BECAUSE OF THIS RIGHT?
I'm prepared to call Hollywood a bust now.
Can’t wait to fire Roman
[deleted]
The game is not even over and doomer are already here WTF
So are we not allowed to say that this offense sucks and isn't very fun to watch?
"Welp guys guess the games over, seasons over. No point in watching the rest of the games this year we all know the result right? 

You’d think so if you spent time in this thread."
I can’t believe we got some people blaming Hollywood there. The mental gymnastics some of you go through is insane
That’s game as far as I’m concerned. This team can’t play from behind or stop a run
Need to stop giving Ingram so many snaps
"This season is over, way too many injuries.

We did a good job holding it together as long as we did."
This team fucking sucks
Refs keep being sold to the Pats
A complete waste of a year. The window is closing in. Once Lamar gets his contract it’s mediocre city for the foreseeable future
The game isn't over lol. You all need to chill.
We’re going to get this conversion and we’re going to win this fucking game
[deleted]
kinda wouldn't care if Brown gets traded eventually. could maybe get a 2nd. get your targets elsewhere
"That cross-body throw to Snead in a monsoon is a perfect example of how Lamar has regressed. He’s so worried about becoming a “quarterback” that he’s forcing plays he doesn’t need to. Just run the ball, man. You’re the best QB to ever do that. It’s a torrential downpour. Just run it."
Did we just waste two draft picks on yannick?
Fucking embarrassing. Joke of a season.
"Nothing you can do in this waterfall, brutal conditions at the end"
I said it last week and I'll say it again - we are not a super bowl contending team
No one wanted to sign ab. Everyone Thought we could be contenders with Hollywood as our best Wr 😂😂
"Boys it’s literally just a football game, stop acting like the world is ending"
This game is over. This team is broken. Season is done. Wildcard loss best case scenario
Yeah guys let’s just tackle the guy fair catching it.
Doomers take the fun out of everything
Can't blame Greg Roman for piss poor throws all year and Hollywood not being able to fight for a pass or get open. I get why the boys are frustrated but they gotta start stepping up.
That is a bullshit flag lmao
Done with this game. Embarrassing. Teams pathetic. People can sit there and say “look at our record” blah blah. This team isn’t going anywhere
There’s a lot of clowns in this fan group. Some of these comments in here talking like we were 0-10 and Lamar is Tony Banks
Refball
BREAKING NEWS. Patriots cheating by controlling weather.
Never will I ever have high expectations for this team again. They’re chokers through and through.
"Dawg, lmfao some of yall out here acting like we played dog shit trash. Its a competitive game in tough weather. Y'all need to learn how to watch football games haha 🤣"
#ARE YOU READY TO RUMBLE
ugh dumb penalties already
Please let's not have a sloppy penalty game tonight. Geez.
"Man Hollywood got pushed around with no effort, hell of a soulja i guess"
"Calling it now, lamars gonna throw a pick and he's gonna start panicking and we'll lose momentum


hopefully i'm wrong"
We won last week because Roman learned that throwing the ball was a playcall. He should try it again
"Oh cool, we’ve got the female ref!"
7 minute drive. I like that we’re in the red zone but damn we’re a must faster offense. The patriots main corner is out. We should be dominating them
The zebras are at it again
Why tf is that even a penalty that wasn’t helmet to helmet
Where did they find this bonds guy? he is awful
That throw to Andrews....... uh....... 😳
"As much as I’d love to see more JK, I’m happy they are giving Ingram the ball. We have so much more JK ahead of us, let’s enjoy the best hype man there is while we can"
Our defense truly is ass without Campbell.
Who taught the Pats how to wear masks?
Fuck this defense. Pathetic.
"Great job Queen, got burnt by Burkhead"
Pathetic effort
"That’s was queen, if he just kept running and ain’t turn around he would have deflected the ball smfh"
We win this easily if we have an actual WR1.
Good that he is wearing a chin diaper
"Unless offense finds their groove, this game will come down to the wire."
Offense is trash.
"The ravens and a two minute drill, name a better combo!"
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME LAMAR
cmon man... bad throw & decision.
We need more from Hollywood I don’t think that was on Lamar good qbs take 50/50s and that wasn’t a bad decisions
Bad read by Lamar but why the hell did Roman call that play
I trust Wink to at least try and make an adjustment for the second half.
"If calais and BWill are both out long term, we will seriously struggle against the run against the pats in the 2nd half, the titans, steelers and the browns. All of those games could be losses. Luckily the rest of our schedule is extremely easy."
Fuckin Jets handled the Pats better than we are. This is fucking infuriating. What the hell happened to this team?
Queen is constantly out of position in these run plays
Everyone playing like they don't want that covid asterisk near their Superbowl win. No effort
"Bro, the ravens look like bikini bottom after a riot after that play. ""MY LEGGGG!!"""
May be time to hop on over to r/eyebleach cause this game ain’t it chief
Them Mfs not even trying LMAOOOOOO 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Run defense non-existent
If we play like this we aren’t making the playoffs
"Wow, just wow. I understand that was straight up horrible defensive series, but just wow.

Did you guys really think being in the COVID protocol for second week wouldn't show? Have you noticed we are missing B.Williams and Campbell?

First half wasn't nearly as bad as this sub made it out to be. Man, I'm usually the pessimistic one"
Yep and now we’re trying to pass. Shocker !
So ravens and browns will both be 6-3.
How are you a dude who literslly got covid and still can't wear your mask over your nose?
lmao see you guys next year
Fuck this team lol 😂
And that Is the ravens season this year.
Cant blame the play call when the center can’t snap the fucking ball
"This team sucks, shame that we wasted a draft pick on Yannick."
Look like Greg rushed into phase 3 of his routine: running cute plays for no reason that don’t work out
"I’m turning this shit off, this is fucking embarrassing"
Typical Ravens getting embarrassed in Primetime
That's some weak sauce right there
At this rate its looking like another first round exit incoming but I still have hope.
AT&T girl had to shut down her Instagram or some shit at one point I think because of the simps
At this point pull lamar from this game
Even the run scheme is so unoriginal. Pistol pistol pistol. Fucking scheme differently you fuck
How are they allowed to play games in this weather.
Fire Greg Roman plz
Lmao Snead drop
Thats the fucking playcall roman. Fucking moron. That’s the playcall whenever it’s short stupid shithead.
We're not a bad weather team.
The rise before the letdown
Ugh I am not looking forward to watching this defense
Yall are hilarious
We need Dez
"Judon, keep fooling everyone"
Ingram needs to just be official hype man and not an active RB anymore he’s had it
go for this shit or we lose
"Ok, I'm making snead my first jersey. Bout to drop that $ dc heat doing good"
"Say what you want, this game is on MATT ""GREASY FINGER"" SKURA. WHAT THE FUCK"
Roman and Skura can both fuck right off to wherever the hell idc as long as it's far away from here.
Bad snap may have cost us the game
PATRICK QUEEN IS GARBAGE DONT TALK TO ME ABOUT TACKLES
"Shit on Lamar for the first pick but Hollywood was the only guy with a chance and underneath coverage got the ball. It wasn't a horrible throw, yall just mad no one else on the team can make plays."
Chuck you had one fucking job u dumbass
I swear the res are being payed wtf
"Now according to the media, Lamar got that holding"
Honestly nothing we could do in this weather it happens
Lamar is fucking cursed lmao
Anyone else feel like fighting someone? Lol
This team just doesn't give a fuck. They honestly have no fire. Look like we can't wait for the game to end
"Why man, why do we have to have primetime games? I really rather never play on prime time ever again"
"Unpopular take - LJ has been figured out. Adjust or expect the same. 

Also unpopular- we've already seen his ceiling."
wtf was he doing...we just gave them 15yds dammit
So Hollywood? What exactly is he good at?
"Not sure what queen was thinking there. 

He saw the dude squared up to throw and stopped? Run through it and play the ball.

Rookie stuff"
Guess who blew the coverage again worrying about his Xbox?!
Y’all gotta relax
Queen will come out with the lowest grade of any MLB in the nfl after this game you can book it rn.
WhY ArE yOu gUyS sO NeGaTiVe
"Of fucking course. Let make shit clear, even though the weather is a factor, we making the dogshit Patriots look like Brady Patriots and we're NOT sb contenders whatsoever."
So many people blaming Hollywood for that atrocious throw.
"I think hollywood will be fine, but this team needed an AJ brown type of reciever. A big physical yac guy"
"Future game predictions
Week 11: Andrews and Peters get hurt
Week 12: McPhee, Queen, and Duvernay hurt
Week 13: Ingram hurt again
Week 14: Dobbins, Edwards, and Hill hurt 
Week 15: Humphreys hurt
Week 16: whole o-line gets hurt
Week 17: everyone else on the team hurt"
Throw this fucking season in the trash. As of right now I'd be surprised if we made the playoffs. The fact that we're so bad this year makes last year's loss hurt 10000x more. That was our shot and we blew it and we certainly will not have another one this year. Fuck this season.
Fuck the refs
[removed]
I still can't figure out wtf Judon was thinking with that random push
fucking scum bag defender went right for the knee.  Nut up and hit him high. That pussy knew he couldn't win fair
"Fire Roman, i don't give a shit if we lose the rest of the season, get that fucking piece of shit out of here"
[removed]
Lol I love that I got downvoted for saying “plenty of time left”
Refs and Skura have both been rough but y'all really mad at this team already. It's not been a great game but seriously some people in this thread really showing as fair-weather fans here
Gotta give Newton some credit for becoming a much smarter player.
Lol I fucking LOVE getting embarrassed on primetime
Every stfu damn 😂
"Two more injuries, this season is fucked."
Dirty fucking hit can’t say im surprised
"Trading Hurst never made a lick of sense at the time, and it’s even worse now. 

The season was over when Stanley went down, but losing Boyle cements it. He’s so much more important than people realize."
"This game is really a lose- lose. If we win, it’s bad because we had difficulty winning against a bad team and we had more bad injuries.

If we lose we won’t hear the end of it from Steelers and Chiefs fans and the Lamar hate will just keep building.

I don’t like being a negative fan, but it’s hard to be positive about the season as a whole after this game."
Cam Newton seriously should have a pinned post on r/justfuckmyshitup
[deleted]
Im starting to hate this team lol
This season aint it. Cancel it due to Covid thx
Unreal. Bunch of pussy quitters
"From what I’m seeing on Twitter, those bad snaps were due to Lamar"
Defense playing shit + offense playing shit = we will not be winning this game. And I've lost hope that we make the playoffs.
"Lamar literally looks like he doesn't give a fuck anymore and it's so concerning. Throwing shitty 50/50 balls and smirking when they go off the field due to it. Throwing suicide passes, what the fuck is next?"
"Ya know. I wish Harbs would come out in the press conference and say how embarrasing and unacceptable this game was. Top to bottom. Offense, defense. Lamar. Play calling. Queen. He wont because he's a genuinely good person and wants to pick everyone up and is loyal to a fault. But fuck me this is embarrassing top to fucking bottom."
"STOP MAKING EXCUSES. These guys are paid professionals. They MUST play and coach better. If not, they should leave"
"Great one Lamar, how many games is that in a row with you giving away points due to a garbage turnover?"
Wow we just gave up. Teams a fucking joke
Honestly a lot of teams have random ass seasons and then do good in the playoffs. We’re really not that bad if we get it together. Anything can happen. Only 3 losses
Who's inactive for us?
Let’s do this!!!
caw caw!
Been waiting all day for this... LET'S GO BOY!!!
I think this game will be closer because of both defenses. But we should take the dub. Reddit let’s be chill tonight aight lol
Lego Pt. 9
Thanks jonny
WET AF THERE. RUNNING TIME
Let’s go boys. Flock time 😈 Lamar gonna have a big game
I kinda don't want to see Lamar run that much if the field is this wet.
**GAME TIME**
Lots of time
Line held up really well
All day
Real nice blocking
And no Gilmore tonight...please let us take advantage!
Good swing route
All day to throw cot damn
Nice protection from the O line there
Did we just throw a screen pass???
Hollywood asking for the ball lol
That was the most obvious combo of routes ever
Oh hai Ingram!
i hope the wet field doesn't hurt our run game
#Good start boys
Solid start
friggin go ravens baby
oooo those jerseys are clean
Sigh
should have gone outside
Dumbass
lamar was better on that deep ball
Some sweet play calling to start the game like usual
And so it begins
We need to get some better receivers fr man
2 pass plays on the first drive into a three and out isn't a good sign... can we please just run it...
Daily reminder we don’t have a good pass game so don’t expect something different against Belichick
Alright. Let's go defense
Surprised we started Ingram in but glad he’s looking healthy so far
Hollywood wants the ball more but can't get open
"Surprised to see us take a deep shot. No way was Hollywood catching that though, so it wasn’t the best opportunity"
Wtf
I think I’ve seen like 5 penalties called against opposing teams when we play this year 🤔
"So if you're getting held and can't see the fair catch signal you just have to know by telepathy?

Yikes"
I'll have you know I've only posted and commented in here 7 times since I said I wasn't hanging out here tonight
Pls Tackle. K thx
Every run going 8 yards lol
I don't like the run defense in this early going.
No Calais we’re getting bullied
"pls stop run
pats are kill"
"Not having Campbell really hurts the run defense, but sheesh, I don't know why 3/4 of our offensive plays were passes. Can we establish the run??? It's not like the Patriots even have a good run defense lmao"
It’s like they have pat ricard playing QB
jeez cam
Cam's thumping tonight.
I fucking love Madubuike
where were you when the pats showed us how to run the ball
"Hey, GR, see what the pats are doing? Running. Let’s give it a go."
tom brady all over again
Legggoooo Ravens
Nice tackle by Elliot!
That’s the deshon we know
This how we should be calling runs
Can’t wait until we can dump Bwill’s contract
I’m still mad about the 3rd down play call
Missing Campbell right now
No way Cam doesn't turn it over if he keeps passing.
PFF is kinda bs. Queen is a top 3 Defensive rookie
Nice play by Elliot!
MATT JUDON DID SOMETHING
Judon moves up to 101
Wtf is with the pff rankings for Judon and McQueen??
HUGE sack! Good stop D
Judon....did something GOOD?
JUUUUUUUUUD
Baja Blast
Peters :(
Oh god no not Peters
"&#x200B;

Marcus Peters is *hobbling* off the field    👀"
JUDON!!!
F Judon just standing around
Now that's a big boy play by Judon
FUCK MP
Lol even there judon used the exact same move he always uses. Just ran around the dude. Thats all he has in his arsenal.
Fucking hell
This secondary is fucked
Good judon
nice Judon!!
Lucky not to get strip sacked
Juuuuudon
How many fucking injuries is this team going to have
LETS GO JUDON
Time to drink some more
Looks like he got kicked in the shin
Better just be a shake up! Judon had a great speed rush there.
I know y’all heard that new edition playing tho
Pain
Let that go dude
"""ChIcKeN wArS""

Umm.....no"
John Simon great pff rating
That was a pretty cool 3rd and 2 playcall.
That was unfortunate but at least he was decisive in his decision to try to run
someone just called that in here lmao
Also when Max Protect doesn’t protect you’re fucked
No one was open on that plan anyway
When they dropping 6 in zone and we only have 2 routes downfield I don’t like our chances of completing a pass
They need to keep this pace and not get too crazy. Wear out the D and hit em
"Without a crowd, the ambience makes it sound like the world's most boring game lol!"
1STD
Lamar looking pretty good
Snead!
SNEAD a true professional
If we ran gus every play we would get a first down every other play
I got a good feeling about this game tonight fellas
Loving this yac
DUV
"Wow, when the OL blocks well up the middle, the offense can operate."
31 had a running start and still got burnt lol
Our most creative play designs are always to Duvernay
Duuuuuvvvvvvv
DUUUUUUUUUUUUVVVVVVVVV
I think that’s the first WR screen we’ve run all season.
Great drive so far.
Damn love that play
Turn up field and take a hit! Nice!
Can we not run needless speed option with our MVP QB on first and 10?
"Youve heard of hair bands, now hair teams. Between cam winnovich and lil bill..."
More Duv
keep these quick throws comin please
A WR screen? Holy shit
Gimme dem 2!
ROMANNNNN LFG
I HAVE THE NEED FOR SNEAD!!!
E Z
Snead it up!
Sneeeeeeeeeeeeeeed
Wooooooo
What a pass from lamar!!! Lol
Get it bitch
Tuff
Hahaha I love it
Let's go man. Loving the tub but GREAT drive!!
Lets go Willie!!
Nice ass drive
Yes. I am happy when I see that
I love me some SNEAD!
Lookin good FlockGang!
Pitch to Snead??? Honestly didn’t see that coming
"What a play by Snead, he was dead to rights and just stretched it out."
my faith is back boys
Great drive! I like the fast-paced start tonight
Good offense when we favor running and mix on intermediate routes. Play to our strengths
"Cam and Lamar, I know Cam never won a ring, but it’s good company for Lama to be in."
"I don't understand soccer teams at all, like so many divisions or something. Wtf"
That drive had some good play calling. Keep spreading the ball around.
yeeaaaaaaa shit
Hate that penalty what else can he do? Have to get low.
I don't mind the call if they enforced it more.
Turnover incoming. Ball dont lie.
Milliner- someone who sells hats
Idk why but cam be reminding me of the Persian king from 300.
Is tramon willams in?
Rain delay inbound.
"That’s terrible defense on third down, come on"
Come on run d let’s get it together
Already gave them 30 free yards
Damien Harris is a good player
Fuck
WHAT WAS THAT COVERAGE? 😡
Well fuck
Swiss Cheese
Lol that was easy
Brandon Williams is hurt :|
Lmao that was pathetic
Bullshit
That was not a lockdown inning by the Os pitching staff
Jesus Christ
???????? That’s such a pick
"They gonna run all over us Campbell is out, and Williams just got hurt"
Ugh....I could almost taste that block!
Wut
what is this ubereats commercial
Now Brandon Williams is injures Jesus Christ
Defense needs to pick it up
Hey I know that song
dude just throw the fucking ball
Running in the night is the song
Need more discipline. Keep shooting ourselves in the foot.
Okay they gonna call that false start for us tho
I wish we’d move with some urgency
"Between false starts and formation penalties, our offense seems dumb as hell this year."
"""he missed 2 games with an ankle"
That was as close as it gets
Can we stick to the run game pls
"Pretty favorable spot, I'll take it"
"Ingram's cleats are so fucking nice, damn."
Fluker is not smaller than OBJ maybe in paper but hes our biggest lineman
Thanks Cris for the insight on Type I Diabetes....Like  people with disabilities can 't play sports  😒
Magic Trick Andrews
Pushed into first down lol
Nice play
Quick passing and running the ball. This is what we need to continue seeing.
Hollywood non existent so far.
Lmao Andrews got Yeetes
What is Greg Roman's obsession with Ingram?
B U S !
"LAMAR CAN""T READ DEFENSES GUYS"
Probably going to pick this one up edit: or not
Edwards fucking leveled him lol
Gus Bus staying on the move!!
Yeah we better get that call too.
Kelce Mandrews and Kittle would be the ultimate fratbro house
Sexy Gus Edwards
Better play calling today for sure
Finally a flag on them
That was obvious
BEEP BEEP
Ricard is such a unit
"Man, my stream is behind... Just got done with the MAndrews catch"
Remember last year when everyone wanted to get rid of gus? Hmm
Hey they called it on NE!!!!?
Dude Gus just feels too fast too big - am i crazy to think he could be our best back
Lamar strong as hell for lifting up Ricard
So much worse then elliots
Hey we got a call
Good call
Hearing ... was that Ricard? Groan when he got hit? That ... honestly was brutal. Never heard that sound before.
Souljas
soulja
"Okay, still seems like the refs are really quick on the penalties"
Block head Ricard
The Pats don't get flags? You don't say!
"Even when we get the same penalty, we only get half the yards"
That’s assault brotha
Ricard is a mountain of a man
This could turn into a long drive shootout
Slant please
"That was a dog shit designed play, Lamar had the momentum and inside line and instead we run him and the receiver that close together and make the receiver catch a ball and turn..."
It’s getting wet out there
Damn Lamar so close
Fluker fucking us up
"Fuck it, I'm going for it here I dont give a shit"
LEGGOOO
i think that’s the first time Hill has been in for two straight plays all year
Has Dez seen the field yet?
The didnt even try cuz they knew tucker would make it lol
Tf!!!
"This rain is making me nervous, really hope it doesn't slow our run and cause injuries"
We are holding with 6 lineman against 4 lol
This we sign Tablet Payton?
"This patriots offense is basically our 2018 offense with lamar. Short easy throws, and a ridiculous amount of read options and run plays."
I hate Josh Mcdaniels all these goddamn screens
Come on
Ngakoue walking weird or am I that drunk?
Need to RISE UP
LEARN TO TACKLE. FFS
Just can’t finish the job in the backfield tonight on defense. Need to close some of those out.
I am liking Harrison tho
They’re driving with ease on our D
Goodness the tackling
So we’re not making a stop today?
Whiffin on so many plays
BALTIMORE RISE UP CMON BB
"I'm sorry but, why the hell are they running through us like we're paper?"
Ellis whiffed so hard...
Defense is getting pushed around so far
"This pats offense shouldn’t be playing this well against our defense, even with our injuries."
Did he say Calais is on IR?!
Boys need to spend more time in the weight room
"Defense played well vs the colts, I wonder what happened"
Lol
Do football pads cover the liver?
2 minute warning already? Damn
What do you guys think of Yannick since we got him?
Nice play by Tramon
Cmon guys don't let them gain ground!!!!
Can’t stop the run worth a damn
"Embarrassing defensive play, but god damn the injury bug hit us hard. You gotta wonder whether it's just a lot of bad luck or if we're not conditioning well enough"
I think getting beat by dink and dunk might be the most frustrating way to get beat
[deleted]
We need help
I have a purple bed I REALLY recommend
Lol
Wow
Omg
Bro what
WTF was that?
Wow
Lol.
They didn’t even try to make those boxes look like they aren’t taped together
I didn't realize the Eagles defense drove up to Boston to play in SNF
Ahh or defense has disappeared
well
Wow
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Arthur Brown SZN
Pathetic
Not a safety in sight... fuck
Sheesh bill wtf
"Welp, okay! 😅"
Fuck
Lmao no good.
Defense stinking out the joint
"Calais, please come back to me"
Poor clock management wtf are you doing
LETS GO SNEAD
In Willie I trust.
Seriously. I feel like you cod let any 2xxb guy stand there and not get to lamar so fast
Let’s go boys
Why is Brandon Williams our again?
Bro the oline is so bad why. The pats don’t even have a good pass rush
Bullshit
I see you Lamar nice drive
Do we ever go deep anymore?
It really sucks watching kyler run all over teams every week knowing we struggle to find any consistency with a better overall core of players
Let's get the ball in range of the GOAT's leg.
Wow fucking awful
Wow........
Fucking ridiculous. That's inexcusable from Lamar.
I can't with all of NBCs trash closeup shots of people's faces right up until the snap. Like goodness just show me the game
Wow
Ugh
nice
Damnit
Fuck.
Jesus pick it up guys wtf
He got greedy
Ugly throw. Killer.
Fucking what is this game
 That was a terrible decision. He didn’t even throw it over them....
"Freaking windy and raining... why even try that?

Bad decision. should've just went for something short. Had a timeout."
Cmon dude
"I’m not too worried. We just need to bring more energy, specifically on defense."
idk why we’re taking the shot there but at least we look good on offense rn in some shit conditions
God damn this team man.
"Serious question, does Lamar not want to be known as a running qb? He's at his best when he has a pass play called and he just takes off so why the fuck aren't we doing that? It's what makes this offense so hard to deal with."
Any word on Brandon Williams?
I'd like to see a deep pass to Duv one of these plays.
"I'm not sure how they can fix the run defense in the second half. It seems to me that the Ravens D-line are just getting dominated man for man by a superior unit. Maybe if Williams and Campbell were playing it would be different, but they're not."
"&#x200B;

Here we go. Here we go Ravens!!!

&#x200B;

Get R' Done"
what are current wr prospects for 2021 draft?
Elliots trash today
Whole D got fooled there.
Absolutely embarrassing
"Judon always looks like he is smelling a giant pile of steaming kaka, then again be probably is because that is exactly what this defense is."
Lol
Bro someone tackle
Lol
Sad
Remember when our run D was universally the best? I member..
This is bad.
Is Williams back in?
lol put all 11 guys in the box please
"so.....the fucker is obviously going to run. stop it, you morons."
And a flag for Peters. FML
FUCKING COME ON D
Harris over/under 240 rushing yards?
Lmfaoooooo
This defense is giving me a stomach ulcer.
Lol good lord. We need a fumble BAD
What is this defense
Dumbass marcus peters
Secondary is playing like ass. Peters has been getting targeted and of course he's going to start running his mouth now.
AND A FLAG ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING MR
alright having broderick and justin ellis is pretty concerning ngl LOL
LOL WE ARE SO BAD
Absolutely 0 pressure
Oh please with that flag
😡
peters why
Ellis is literally a waste of space
Peters got boomed bad
Too fucking easy
#GOD DAMMIT
This defense looks like you're crap tonight.
Defense didn’t even try
Holy shit team is garbage right now.
Wow.
Just give them the fucking Touchdown. Defense is non existent right now.
FANTASTIC
Bonds is down...
Soft.
We’re not playing great :( please get it together before I’m drunk.
This is hell
https://youtu.be/JtQte8_a_B4
Soft. Can't stop the run. Can't depend on Peters to cover a JAG. I know the conditions suck bad but this is still poor effort.
juan castillo for OC
Wink please fix your boys up
So if we gets our dicks kicked in by a team that barely beat the jets then what? Are we bad?
Our defense is 100% better than this showing we need to have someone step up with a big play
"This is the game our offense has to win it for us, we cannot rely on defense tonight."
I belee
Of course mf new england
"REALLY need some points right here, boys... PLEASE!!"
can we play some hurry up we need some pace
[deleted]
So they made adjustments on offense but not on defense? Interesting.
Run the ball on every down for the rest of the game.
We lost Fluker too or was he benched?
Hate the toss. Hate it
BWill status to out. Wont be back
You absolutely need to score here.
Gonna have to call a timeout
Where's Gus going!?!?!?
I don’t even want to watch this down
I’m calling it now. Dumbass read option. Inches short.
Go for it
Got a break there
Qb draw
Terrel bonds is doubtful to return
"Man if feels like 2012 all over again, all these injuries. Yet somehow, still in the hunt for playoffs....."
Bro please don’t do this anymore
Holy fuck
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKING HELL SKURA
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT
Complete joke
Lol
We lost gg
Horrendous play call
Who could have seen that play coming?? unbelievable how shitty our playcalling is
Yep
hmm shitfuck
Sorry sorry sorry
😑
welp
Are we allowed to mope yet
Wrong time to try something cute
rip
Man... Come the fuck on
bahaha
They score here. It’s game over.
Bro we cant even snap the ball why are we in a wildcat. So many questions.
BRO
playing like cowards
Pure ass.
QB sneak????
Just beautiful
Being both a rockets and ravens fan isn’t very fun right now
"Ok honestly, what was the playcall anyways? Were we about to wildcat this with Ingram? What?"
"May as well go to bed now,spare the agony"
I want to barf
"Welp, that sucked. Not looking good tonight boys."
Wake tf up
LMAO
What the actual fuck was that? I’m turning this shit off if we win great if we lose I don’t care. I can’t watch anymore of this shit until roman is fucking out of here
Fuck
"I doubt we get a super high draft pick next season hut hopefully, we can address some weaknesses and Im hoping we fire roman even though he has had the ability to call good plays here and there this season."
This play calling is terrible. Has that wildcat formation ever worked for us? Also that toss a few plays before was a horrible design
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
👀
They’re using Lamar like a rb
LAWD
I'm begging our defense man
It’s game over
Why was Ingram back there?
Fuck the NBC jinx. Fuckers
Ah yes 4th and one with the option of the best rushing qb in the nfl or wildcat...
"People keep blaming Roman, but this o-line is a giant pile of shit"
This team is on some bullshit.
Just set the fucking edge omg
FYI they may run it to the edge
Man if the pats can run on us like this Henry will feast.  Those injuries
Just give them the rush TD defense.
"Going to bed. If I stay up my BP will probably go way up and I’ll have too much adrenaline to sleep. Hope we win, but doubt it the way we’re playing. Nite fellas."
What the actual fuck
Seasons over with these injuries bruh
What can Queen do exactly? Besides run fast?
Judon
Zero run D. Zero. Might as well help them carry the ball to the end zone since yall can't tackle for shit.
"We’ll see how much pride this D has, but they’ve got to be gassed."
What happened to Jimmy Smith? I've totally missed it
So frustrating with this team
Judon back at it again
Fucking Judon. What an asshole.
Greg wants to be fired so he can start interviewing for a HC job
Judon is seriously 0 IQ
There you go Judon on schedule.
I get half of our defense is out but that doesn’t excuse the terrible play calling on offense
Lol
"Our LBs are good at keeping the checkdown in front of them. Unfortunately, it's more like 12 yards in front of them."
Is Judon getting a bonus for personal fouls this year!!!!
This is beginning to feel like a poor way to spend my night off.
A flag on the play I wonder if it’s another roughing penalty on the defense oh look it is
Let’s just keep shooting ourselves in the foot.
About time for the Judon bonehead play
I gave judon credit earlier and I accept my stupidness
Can't wait for garbage time stat padding
JUUUUUUUUU.      DOOOOOOOOOON
This game is gonna make me start drinking again
Did Collinsworth say Jimmy Smith is having the best year of all the cbs?
Pass the bleach please
"https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/jszdxt/reiss_the_patriots_are_working_in_full_pads_today/gc2lhr6/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3

I called this game 3 days ago dammit I knew it"
"Whelp this game is effectively over. Even if Lamar turns it up, the defense can't stop anyone without Campell and Williams. Bonds and Jimmy Smith out too? That's not really a effective starting unit in the NFL at all."
We're pretenders
Looks like marlon is hurt
fuck marlon looked hurt
I can't remember the last time we held a team to a FG in the redzone but getting it here just barely keeps us in the game.
"Man I was really hoping we'd kick their ass, atleast win the dang game😭"
I JUST WANT SOME FUCKING POINTS ON THIS DRIVE. FFS
"If Ellis plays next week instead of Campbell, Derrick Henry will have 250 rushing yards"
Judon is so damn inconsistent. one play he’s making a great play to get a sack and the next he’s taking a stupid penalty. we deserve much more consistency on the edge than we’ve been getting from him or from anyone the last two years.
"I HATE to say this, Hollywood Brown is what Tyreek Hill is if he couldnt run routes. 

Just speed."
Holy shit I thought I was starting to warm up to Collinsworth after last season. Jokes on me I guess
Yo.............CHILL
OMG
Cool
Boyle down
Jesus fuck. Everyone on the team is gonna end up hurt
I fucking can't with this
And Boyle done
Is that a broken leg or ankle for Boyle? My god
Just killed him with that checkdown
Fucking hell
Lamar just have Boyle a hospital ball
Jeez these injuries are too much to overcome
Wow
Jesus christ
Oh that was nasty
Ohhhhhh no!
"ffffffffffffffuck, this season is going BADLY, boyle down too"
Eff this game
Fuck me.
Not Boyle...
Jesus fucking christ.
Lets get another 3 and out. Guaranteed with minimal yardage. Fuck this timeline
Jesus this can’t get any worse
holy fuck
This Pats team has turned into Bernard Pollard on us
Fuck no
Fuck this year
fuck taco bell
"Now, the season is officially over... Shit, Boyle, I’m sorry!"
FUCKKKKKKKK. Just end the game. Boyle :(
Cancel the season
Fuuuuuuckkk!
jesus this is a fucking bad game. His ankle got fucked up
next year
Fuck
How many injuries in one game? My god
"All I want is to draft next year is O lineman, WRs, and DBs"
What a nightmare
Fuck fuck fuck fuck
And our line just got worse
🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
Man this year could not have gone worse as humans and Ravens fans. 2021 is gonna be ugly cap wise too
The cart is out. Hope Boyle gets a speedy recovery 🤞
People would lost their minds but really the rules should be every hit should be between the shoulders and knees.
2015 Flashbacks Intensifiy
"What happend to the pass offense l, seriously cant hit any pass further than 15 yards this year"
Oh fuck Boyle is done
Fuck that looked gross :(
Just end the game
Jesus christ his leg
I hope Boyle is okay. That doesn’t look good.
no no no no no Boyle no no no no
"What you guys expect, a third of our defense is injured. I don't think this is indicative of anything"
Duverney needs more opportunities
IT'S ALMOST LIKE THE SLANT FUCKING WORKS
Jfc that's.not.good
Finally go downfield so you know there's gonna be a hold
We just can't fucking win tonight can we
Can't excuse that
Fuck that looked terrible
Honestly fuck the refs I’m so done with these calls
"Fuck me, what's this flag for?

Edit: fuck us being so undisciplined."
Omffg
This fucking coaching man too. Like these penalties are absolute killers. But fuck these refs.
"That was another almost suicide pass, jesus christ..."
NFLRA is more corrupt than both political parties combined
Probably gotta make that catch.
Catch the fucking ball jesus
Down down down down down
LETS GET IT MAN
NEED THAT FIRST
oh so that’s what happens when you run downfield
That was the first 4th down play where if Lamar kept it he'd be in the endzone
"Yes, thank you Gus"
Gonna need a TD and some FUCKING DEFENSE for a chance
We have an offense like the Houston Rockets
Is Fluker hurt or we finally benched him?
"Why don’t we run Gus up the middle more? That’s guaranteed 7+ yards.

Especially when it’s pouring rain!"
No interior lineman on this team needs to be here next year.
Mekari is at RT?
SKURA!!!!!!!!!
Skura???????
surprised the DB didn't dive for Andrew's leg there
what happened to the hurry up offense?
Pain
Why they take fluke out
Please god make us win
Fire Skura!
This is so ugly
I know we could not match that monster Bucs contract but man I miss Ryan Jensen
"Whoever was watching every game this year, the snaps were all shit since week 1, they're way off not just tonight"
I really really really dont know why we dont line up under center when the ball is this wet
Need 6 here man
NEED IV SNEAD!!
NEED IV SNEAD\~!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Can we please execute with some urgency? NE is going to run it down our throats; we don't have a ton of time left, if you look ahead."
That's what I asked for
#YES THANK GOD
I HAVE A NEED
WILLIE
"HE'S DOWN.

HE'S DOWN"
I’m holding my breath every play thinking there’s going to be another injury.
Pls defense make a stop
daaaaaaammnnnnn
Finally!
Nice drive.
Yeah boys!!!
In Willie I Trust.
Was down well before the ball came loose.
We’re going to win this fucking game bird bros!!
This is intense
"See? We run the ball more, we do better

Not exactly rocket science here, Gregory"
NEED FOR SNEAD iv
Let’s see the defense play with an edge next drive.
Let's go!! This isn't over!
Nice dot there.
YALL SAID IT WAS OVER
NEED FOR SNEAD
Holy crap this drive is gonna kill me
"Yep, that’s our WR1"
I just don't see how we can blame the rain for this
Now the defense has to come up big
o shit willie
Takeaway please
Defense has had like half a quarter to regroup. Let's hope they don't shit the bed again.
Dime
Snead is our WR1
Time to watch our defense get bullied
Ok so now we just sellout to the run
"Well, staying outside fml"
Ok defense just needs to find a solution to Harris and Meyers and we can get things going.
There we go! Now another!
Llamas bout to knock the 10 point deficit curse off his back
Wtf happened to our defense
Alright good 1st down
There we fucking go
Let's gooo peters.
Any word on Boyle?
"LET'S FUCKING GO, D!"
Whats up with the snaps last week and kind of this week? I know the weather sucks but it has been a trend recently
THERE WE GO WHERE HAS THIS D BEEN ALL GAME??
Good shit Judon
Please get the stop. Im begging
Lets fekkin go
Oh look at this! We can play defense!
What a fucking stop
Okay that's our fucking stop boys!!!
Patriots choking
Here we go.....
YESSS
Wait what’s the person doing out there kicking the ball with his foot? Never seen this
Did he say Voldemort?haha
Lets hope Ricard can sort of fill in for Boyle leaves us with no fb but its what we got
run it
Do I believe now?
Wasn't Roman your OC last year?
Ffs Ingram
" Let’s keep it simple, not funky shit and take the lead, LETS FUCKING GO"
Bruh
Fuckkk
Fuuuuuuck that was so close to a great play
Nice try by Willie but rough throw.
Shit Lamar really needed to make that throw....
Leading with the head in a defenseless receiver
Why are we throwing 5 yds when we need 12?
"Dude why didn't he run, it looked like he could have gotten the first"
"Dammit, can’t get mad at that but that’s a big missed throw"
Fuck it go for it lmao
Go for it
Let Sam Pass
"Third and long, let's throw a 5 yard pass."
come on harbs at least try for the offsides
Fucking goddamnit just fucking go
They actually called him for holding this time
3 AND OUT LET'S GO
Greg Roman needs to go stand in the fucking rain to see for himself now well two straight pass plays are gonna go.
This rain is unbelievable. It looks almost unplayable for a game.
Drive was dead when they decided to run it on 1st down instead of play action pass tbh.
Decline no question
STOP THEM PLEASE!!!
malik harrison can not get manhandled by ryan izzo
Idk
Either way they're going for this
Pats just needed to lose that bum Brady and they have a chance to beat us...
This is fucking sad
Wolfe finally showing up
This defense just killing us
What's with our coverage?
Defense getting super aggressive. Fearing a trick play soon
Newton won’t throw the ball more than 3 yards down the field.
And that was it for the D. 2 good plays lol.
"Come on D, just get Lamar some good field position!"
OK D
Now we need a nice drive
Now that's a fucking stop!
COME ON
"Backups taking names, making plays."
 Love these men ❤️
Insert undertaker gif
Offense better repay the defense here
Some crazy shit about to go down and I’m not prepared. It’s in the air today.
"OK Lamar don’t get in your head, just play like you know how"
The only one that can stop Gus is our own guys
WHEELS ON THE GUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
Catch it Mark!!!
Cmon mark
Go ahead Mark! Make a big deal about that one bud! Fucking choke artist.
So fucking tired of Andrews choking under the lights man.
CATCH IT
If Lamar takes off an runs more he can single handedly win this game.  It's like he's avoiding running at all costs this season due to the media cramming the narrative down his throat that he's a run first QB.  He's trying to prove people wrong more than he cares about winning
Come on Mark.
would love a nice 7 minute TD drive
"One of our guys helmets goes flying down the field, and no flag?"
"We need smooth running, keep the bus rolling. Play action, give us a deep shot. AND FOR THE LOVE OF GOD. DUVERYNAY"
HES SO GOOD
Getting 7 yards a carry. Let's throw the fucking thing...
run run run run
Flashbacks to Barry Sanders
Wtf mark
WTF
"Beautiful run and all, but how tf did no one get open lol"
Fuck mark
"Just keep the power running going, keep Gus in there they can’t tackle as well when this wet"
Lamar is Houdini
What was that route tree doe?
"Marquise brown on that play stopped. Once he don’t get the ball, nope I’m done"
Lol
Vintage Lamar type beat
Really Andrews
Lamar Jackson has wheels
"I didn't think Lamar would get that first down.


I'm an idiot."
Lamar is so special. Also how tf does none of recievers get open after 10 seconds in the pocket
Game
Someone kill me
What kind of route tree is that?
GOD DAMMIT
That was the most pocket time i've seen in ages in the NFL
"Lol the pats, look like a bunch of ducks waiting to get fed."
Receivers coach needs to be castrated
Thanks Mother Nature
Fire slurs this is ridiculous
Skura go away
Wtf
Wellllll so much for that
Jesus christ
Fuqing Skura
Grats
Skura. Get out.
So about making Morgan Cox our center... I think we could make it work!
This center needs to be fucking fired.
Get Skura off the damn field please
Skura is wank
run runr run
How the fuck is that not a foul
We need an oline
Wtf is that snap??
JEEZ PUT MEKARI AT CENTER PLEASE
Fucking skura
Skura wtf
"i hate skura so much. yeah it's wet out there, but he's been fucking up for WEEKS"
Lamar working hard for it
Defender wasn't going for the ball but ok
That really killed this drive
Bench Skura
Son of a bitch
Leading with the helmet...
Matt Skura has to go.
That was dangerous as fuck!
FUCK SKURA
Thanks skura
"Great play by Lamar. I don't even know how he did not slip with all those cuts man.....really another level.


EDIT: And then we have this shit by Skura."
Feels like a 1st by penalty or nothing situation.
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
That's the game
🤷‍♂️
What was he seeing there?
ONE MORE STOP
Fake punt?
We got lucky that wasn't picked.
We need fruit punch to get us a turn over!!!
still might get one more shot at it
make it happen D
Get skura the fuck off the field. You suck
This seems early for a TO
You dont call timeout until after the 3red down play yo
Turnover pls
Queen...
How is Burkhead so explosive?
queen in coverage... barf
Fml
"Chris ""Meyers Personal Dick Sucker"" Collinsworth"
That's game. Fuck.
The fuck was peters doing?
Fuck this
Holding
Pussy ass call
Vikings cut Pay Elflein
Lol man just lol
What the fuck was that matchup? Why is queen covering their only good wr. Fuck our coaching
Fuck this game
Turnover?
Marlon down too sick
The foul actually would have helped us I think
"Ugh what a shitty game. Not too confident about this team moving forward, and it’s because of Greg Roman and injuries. Hopefully we can set it right. Lamar looked better tonight tho despite these conditions."
Penalty would have actually helped us
Easy first here
"Not sure who missed the tackle in the backfield there, but that’s a play you need to make"
Idiot
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
Lol
Lol of course this shit to end it
Discipline is shit too.
Gtfo
I'm sorry what????
🔫🦶
make it happen
*Gotta blame it on something...*
Here's the game
"This is not the year, need to get everyone healthy and beef up areas of need"
my daddy is not here to save me
What the fuck was that play call
Here we go.....
Let's hope for a miracle
Holding by a mile :(
I feel like Wink schemed a bit more 2nd half and figured out how to stop the run and give us a chance. I honestly didn't know if we could do that this game
HOLDINGGGGGG WWTFFFF
Hollywood to the house. Let's see it.
Stunt on these hoes lamar
Please be holding on skura
Lol
Typical.
Aaaaaaaand it’s done
"Pick, bad snap recovered by NE, or Lamar scrambles and goes down in bounds to end the game?"
Honestly these calls are getting fucking ridiculous
We are beating ourselves and that’s the most frustrating part
here we go again
And another bad snap
We believe
Lol they call penalties one way
Here we go with the holding!
Holy fuck it's wet
Raining so hard it looks black and white
He was out of bounds wtf
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
Good play call Roman you fucking idiot
" NFL refs are the biggest cocksuckers on the planet, scum of the earth"
Fuck man
https://youtu.be/NFsc-Adl50w
This team playing like they know they’ve lost. There’s no fight
I’m absolutely sick of this offense. Get Lamar weapons and bring in competent play calling.
It'll only take one slip from a DB to win
Dip and dunk the ball in bounds down the field ..
Wow
Lamar is pissed
Every fucking time
Wild game. Sad
Can’t catch
Guess we thought we could sit our 2 best D lineman and be fine
Well when it rains I guess it pours
Shoulda picked up AB
This games over
Can Calais get a shot in his leg and get in the fucking game? Not sure we can afford to take 2-4 games off for a minor ass injury.
Id be surprised if we get a wildcard spot. We legit don't deserve it.
Lol at the pats queers dming me that cam is better than lamar
I was high on Hollywood when we drafted him but he’s been making it tough to root for him
Y'all are toxic.
 Y’all hate this team then just go to bed.
Queen is soft af. Getting blocked by a RB like that is pathetic
Just put RG3 in....no need to risk Lamar this game is a wash
Queen is garbage. Downvote me all you want. He does nothing
Who else despises justice hill on the field?
Honestly that was good defense by Queen
We look like shit playing Brady and the pats....... oh wait. Thats how bad we look
This team is a fucking disgrace
"Fuck this team, they face a little adversity and everyone starts bitching."
DIRTY ASS TEAM
Fuck the pats. Hope they suffer endless injuries after the dirty shit they just pulled.
Ball hit Snead in both his hands . Make the catch lol
Roman is on the hot seat right guys?
[deleted]
#If we are winning a Super Bowl we cant do this shit
I’m one lackluster drive away from joining the “GRO needs to go” campaign
That was a bad throw lol. It worked but damn.
Hollywood is no number one
Queens been abysmal against the run & now gets dunked on in pass coverage
Playing terribly since the touchdown
Two fucking plays and you burned 29 seconds holy shit. What fucking horrible clock management brought on by garbage play calling
"Just tell me the games over, I'm done 😔"
Can we please get Dez in the game and scream in lamars face for that bullshit while we’re at it
"Fire Roman, cut Fluker, cut bonds, teach Hollywood how to route run, make Dez a starter at this point"
our WRs literally can’t make a tough or contested catch at all Lamar can’t trust any of them
Obvious hold on the throw. Soft call on Peter's. Fun playing NE refs. Defense getting destroyed. Like out Humphry on their 1 WR and stop the fucking run
And that’s game
LMAO see ya next week boys
That retarded look on Judons face is him seeing his money fade away
Nick Boyle just got hurt. Now we just need Ricard to get hurt and we really get going offensively.
So these cheating bastards are just gonna injure everyone. Fantastic.
"It's worth noting that injuries are a coaching issue just like everything else.  Accidents happen, but a statistically aberrant season points to issues with conditioning and strength training.  And playot safe."
"If Proche drops this I'll delete my account

edit: phew"
That was a good commercial but still fuck Amazon
I wanna have hope but we almost never get these close games
Queen needs to sit the rest of the season
All I can do is laugh. I'm not even disappointed anymore.
A PASS FOR NO GAIN HAHAHAHAHAHAHA SERIOUSLY
GG boys onto next year
Pats just allowed to taught huh
This team stinks
This team is not a good team. So many of us have said it from early in this season. Met with nothing but “you’re a bandwagoner. Fake fan big truzz “ those of us that know the sport knew this team lacks what is needed. Tonight shows it again. Injuries suck. It played a huge factor. But it was a shitshow of a performance. Deserve the L here
Literally just forfeit the next two games. Get healthy and pray to god Greg Roman is fried
"Guys, downvote me all you want. But just about every thing with this team needs changed. Coaching, conditioning, coordinators, next year is it, all we got before it will be impossible to win anything cause of money cap. We need replacements for half of our offensive spots and half defensive. Even healthy that is not happening. Quite literally it is a miracle that we make the playoffs this year, and next year."
Ravens will limp into the playoffs as a 5 or 6 seed and lose round 1
Queen is looking more and more incompetent every game
Damn Cam fell off a fucking cliff since 2015......
"Btw guys, if you ever say Duvernay’s name out loud, it’s “DU-ver-nay,” not “du-ver-NAY” like a lot of the NFL commentators have been saying recently."
beautiful pass but that's not a route for Hollywood
smh Hill
Brown could not have been less open. Crappy start against the second worst defense in the league.
Wtf was that tackle!!? Jfc its the first ST play and already a flag
"People who wanted outside of the numbers

There you go"
Lmao Patriots oline bodying the ravens defense already
"102 OF 111

JUDON IS ABSOULTE TRASH."
Yannick has been a disappointment thus far
"Boys, we got ourselves a drive"
That was not a good play there tho they could not tackle him
"Bullshit, how was that a penalty"
God dammit. This is where we get sloppy and fall behind
We are passing every time Ingram is in the game it seems.
I hope if it comes to 4th down we go for it
Not sure why people hate on Collinsworth. I think he's a very good commentator.
"Not sure why you're celebrating there, Queen. You literally let him carry you ten yards for a first down."
What's up with these soft ass defenders we've got this year re: injuries? We have like 2-3 that tweak/injure shit every week.
"Baltimore no run D, I arent think that 🤔"
"Fucking embarassing. Oh well, I hope wink makes some adjustments at halftime."
Are you fu hu hucking kidding me?
I hate when we are just a highlight tape for offenses
Defense needs to do a lot more in the next half
Bro this Oline needs help
Offense isn't the problem right now it's the run defense.
Whens the last successful 2 minute drill we’ve actually ran
Seriously kill me
Lamar piss me off man just get 3 why throw to a small receiver in double coverage
James Urban needs to come in clutch
"We’re a second half team, guys! LFG"
we want to trade and target every position besides wr 😂😂
"Defense going to start the 2nd half with a turnover, make up for the weak first half boys!"
Deshon Elliott is still a liability
This defense is garbage 🤣🤣
WHY ARE WE SO FUCKING BAD?!?!?!?!?!?!
"Oh man that’s the fucking Ravens for ya

Edit: We’re making the 3-5 Patriots looking like a playoff caliber team. That’s so Raven.

Edit 2: I suck at English when my team is playing like the fucking browns."
Man I want to throw up....Lol
"This team constantly makes me wanna vomit. The Pats are an ass team, why are we always playing down?"
"So tired of the ""there's always next year"" mentality. Cat just throw this all away. Put into some fucking effort"
Wasting a 2nd half TO. Fucking awful.
If we don't get this it could be gg
HAHAHA!!
On to the next one
Skura is fucking horrible
If someone isn’t fired after this game Biscotti needs to fly down on his yacht and show Harbs the light.
Defense needs to step up.
"This year we really look like what we are, a young inexperienced team"
Roman gonna get another pass from the team because d sucked
If skura is hurt or whatever with this cut on his hand why the fuck don't we kick mekari as center and move skura. Its not like anyone on the line is playing to their strength anyways
We not out of this game yet. Cam Newton has lost quite a bit of talent. If we can stop him we’re still in this. It’s only the 3rd quarter. Tell Roman to get his head out of his ass
Welp back to demons souls
Season over
"Honestly, it should be his last season with us. I don't really trust Skura. Man has been cut and waived numerous time. We must have a crush on him or something..."
Fuck matt judon
"So this game is over and if our run defense doesn’t change before next week, we’ll lose to the Titans and then the Steelers. We’re looking at a very real possibility of being out of the playoff picture by Thanksgiving"
#holy fuck can we PLEASE get rid of Judon now
We’ve definitely been dependent on turnovers. Let’s get some
Yeah they weren't going to let us win this anyway.
We aren’t winning anything this year. Just clean house and get ready for making an actual run
Our team def came in cocky and thought the game was one before it started. We're in autopilot and taking dumb penalties and giving no effort bc we're the more talented team.
Fuck this game
Noooooooooooo i can't. My team is in shambles and getting embarrassed in prime time
Well I'd figure at this point every possession is 4 downs now
Patriots need to be investigated for bounty gate pt2
I was gonna go to bed if they didn’t score. Now I am obliged to stay up and watch this shitshow
Lamar IS great
Are you guys ready to get run on again?
Will the streak end tonight
"honest question, can this game be delayed a bit? the rain looking kinda intense and i think someone said it’s gonna get worse"
This one is over if we can't get a stop here.
Manure chant incoming...
Gg
Lamar is putting us on his back and the defense is choking
"Welp, fuck"
3rd and 10 gonna give up 11.
Gg
"These refs have fucked us so badly, 100% hit to the head of our QB"
Wtf was that Lamar
Skura is such a simp
Game over
Alright Patrick queen kinda stinks
FUCK SKURA
LOL
"No Collinsworth, Bill made John his bitch today. With our roster, this performance is unacceptable."
Why are we the only team in the league that gets offensive holdings calls?
And our 20 point game streak broken 😭
We get the worst timed penalties ever
We just have to get to midfield and heave one up for Hopkins... oh wait
Lol they laughed at us.
"that was shit, lamar........jfc"
is this a Lamar problem or a surrounding cast problem?
"I said I was done but wtf, why are we doing short ass throws a d.forcing lamar to  try and save the game. Fucking embarissing to rep this team this year"
We get some of the worse calls from the refs
😂😂😂
"Holy fuck I just saw Ngakoue's name in that replay. They finally let him play! Oh, what's that? He's been in for a few games now? How is that possible? Oh, he hasn't done a god damn thing? To shreds, you say???"
"I’m gonna say it. We shouldn’t have cut Thomas.

Edit: We should sign Jefferson too."
Go fuck yourself if you think this team is winning a Super Bowl
"""It's never Lamar's fault"" is r/ravens slogan"
Lamar is now throwing his guys into career ending injuries.
#ANYONE IN HERE COMPLAINING CAN FUCKING LEAVE AND TAKE YOUR BULLSHIT NEGATIVITY WITH YOU
HAHAAHAH THIS IS WORST THAN FLACCO
Is anyone really entertained by the super flamboyant yahoo in all these commercials?
Imagine watching superstore
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lamar is looking worse and worse by the week
“Durrr sO mAnY bAnDwAgOn FaNs. ChIlL oUt GrEg RoMaNs GoT tHiS!”
[deleted]
Wow...defense getting exposed tonight
Hollywood? More like Bollywood. Run better routes and you can get the ball. Not this piss poor shit. Or getting a catch and stopping. Get some YAC.
"So guys, do you think Hogan's gonna shut shit down again soon? Store already getting a little bare on tp again down on the shore today :/"
Patriots need to be investigated for bounty gate pt2
Hahahaha we can’t even snap the ball correctly
PATHETIC TEAM PATHETIC LOSS PATHETIC PLAYERS. BUNCH OF PUSSIES
"Anyone who actually thinks Lamar has the clutch ability to come back rn is delusional lmao. He's a lot of things but clutch isn't one of them.



EDIT: Your delusions only make me more right."
All you gotta do...is run it a few yards and take a sure 3 points...and you throw deep to a receiver who can't separate... what the actual fuck. I fucking can't with this team. This game is over. Mark it.
Could of have Dez and AB if DeCosta wanted.
BS flag peters was already in the motion of tackling before they went out of bounds
Steelers fan; how the hell is that a 15 yard penalty?!
"Madden curse, regression whatever u wanna call it- most likely another 1st round exit ✌🏼"
🥺UNBELIEVABLE how cute Cam is I’d STROKE him😩💦🍆
Justice Hill is a terrible gunner.
These stupid mistakes we keep making 3 weeks in a row god damn man does Harbaugh not talk to these guys about mistakes
Has baker been lifting weights?
No reason this shouldn't be a blowout.
Bout to turn on the PS5 if our D continues not to have any interest
HA!
Holy fuck Roman is actually retarded
Let’s see what the apologists say now lmfao.
What an absolutely garbage throw. Dude looks like a straight rookie out there.
He didnt even fight for it lol
Just run the ball dammit
How many ints has Lamar had under 2 minutes over the last 2 years? Gotta be at least 3. Cant fucking believe we arent just playing to tie at half.
Is he trying to prove something this year or something? Run run run quit trying to throw you can't fucking throw. Do what you do.
This team sucks
I’m going to fucking kill myself
Moments like these I really wish I wasn’t a football fan
4th and 1. They getting stopped. Calling it now
Plenty of time left.
"As I said before. It's not (only) the playcall, it's a lack of focus and execution."
"I’m out on this game, possibly the season... See you sad sacks next week"
"Typical GDT... It's a two possession game & the sky is falling, fire everyone, turning the game off, etc... 🤣 It's early."
I might break my tv
Classic ref ball.
"Say it with me y'all

#R"
It wouldn't matter if they were short they would've converted on 4th
this team is trash
Andrews is overated AF
Lamar????
"Lamar isn't getting help, but he is not helping himself. He consistently throws passes I can't even begin to think of an excuse for."
Matt skura lost us this game
#BELEE
"I’m not putting a ton of stock in this game. Lose our top two guys in run defense killed us, but like we’re also playing in super tough conditions against a well-coached and schemed team. Relax, if we end up at 6-3 that’s fine."
Fuck this team. Not this year. Maybe next
Smh...I can't believe the Ravens lost
bring on 6-5
Defense fucking sucks
Hey does anyone wanna sign my petition to get Judon to play in traffic
Queen looking soft and stupid out there.
"Yeah great fucking idea dipshit, give it to our shitty old injured RB coming back for the first time in weeks instead of the reigning MV fucking P

&#x200B;

HOLY SHIT, how embarrassing to be a fan of this team"
[removed]
everything about the ravens is overrated
"Pats fan here really hope Boyle is ok, looks like an acl tear"
[deleted]
We suck
[deleted]
[deleted]
How big of a take to say....Lamar may not be the franchise QB we thought? Due to not being able to pass?
He's so bad at deep throws it just amazes me sometimes.
Fucking Lamar.
Lamar is a bottom ten qb lmao what a joke
I dont care Judon still sucks.
Our D looking so bad. I know some starters are out but damn youd think we'd have a backup plan
Lmao a WR took a better deep shot on a trick play then our QB can.
Queen garbage
Suicide pass from Lamar. Holy fuck. Lamar knows it too.
Learned that from TJ Watt fucking dirty cunts
Boyle is now out for the season with a broken fucking femur... Jesus Christ.
Peters aint even trying there lmfao
lamar or Hollywood are the only guys that can break something.  It has to be in their hands
Mark Andrewd fucking sucks. Get out of bounde. You have one job.
These ravens will never be more than just a good team.
Yet another unbelievably bad throw from Lamar. I am officially scared when the ball leaves his hands. It’s a huge problem
That was on Lamar
"YO Y'ALL NEED TO REMEMBER THAT THIS DEFENSE CARRIED US FOR BASICALLY THE LAST 5 WEEKS LOL 

IT'S TIME TO SEE WHAT THIS OFFENSE (THAT SEEMS TO BE CLICKING TONIGHT) CAN REALLY DO!!!!"
"Fuck the patriots.dirty fucks

Edit: lurking pats fans downvoting. Kys"
I hope we lose so that we can get rid of Greg Roman. He is such dogshit
[deleted]
Lamar can't throw we all knew that.
Is Lamar not good at getting receivers the ball or are the receivers we have just not very good at getting open? I honestly can't tell maybe it's both.
Need better wrs its obvious
Thats BULLSHIT he didn't even fall over!?!?!
we should look into getting a QB that is a threat with his legs
Derrick Henry might destroy us again next week ngl
"Damn Patrick Queen 80 out of 86? Ouch

Also Judon is trash LMAO"
Ouch
I didn't really see much difference in playcalling ... seems more like weak Pats D but ill take it 🤷‍♂️
Clear pick
How is this a tie game jfc.
Penaltiiiieees
So. Many. Penalties already
Jackson puts himself in harmful positions. He’s built tough but I’m not sure it’s a good idea
Pats anemic pass rush sure isn’t looking too bad tonight
Hopefully they sprinkled some deer antler on brandons ankle
Worst defense ive seen in years
*DRINK!!!*
If a non qb player throws the ball can there still be a roughing the passer call? What if it was just a lateral?
Yo what is this laundry commercial
Lol
Oof
We suck goddamn
DUV would've made that catch.
Why did we even go for a deep shot we were close to field goal range
"I don’t watch much college football. I’d love another solid OL, but can anyone give me insight on some good WR prospects? We need a #1"
GG
Miami and Jets looking better than us. Aint that a bitch.
Is there any healthy player left?
"It’s literally cause our 2 d line run stoppers are out,chill out. of course our defense is gonna be shit if the people paid to stop the run are out"
"Ffs if the weather wasn’t so bad, we could take better advantage of Gilmore out"
Yeah that's game boys
What the fuck Roman
That may be it boys
Whew.
"chill, we're ten down lmao calm tf down"
"Honestly, just pack it in and rest Lamar at this point. We don’t have it tonight and we don’t need a torn ACL"
"DJ Khalid also handling stupid penalty duties

And another one!"
Goodnight everyone
Judon wtf
[deleted]
Who the fuck are the interior lineman? They suck and keep getting moved off the ball
Eff this game
Wonderful
Bruh that looked kinda like the injury to the Steelers dude that had the back injury.. he rolled on his back and was making those same hand movements..
"Why we trade Hurst again, god dammit we had one of the best offenses of all time and you fucked with it. Decosta has been great and I love dobbins but was never a fan of that trade."
"Lamar ""Flacco check down"" Jackson"
These refs fucking suck!!!
horrible spot
"Skura hand is cut, we don't have a backup center because Mecari is at guard correct? Aka we're fucked"
"THERE WE GO WE ARE ONLY GOOD WHEN WE ARE LOSING, this won’t work in a playoff game"
Y'all need to breath this is ball so hard university! We build MEN on this team. This team needs the adversity. They need to learn how to fight in the trenches! This is what builds championship caliber teams
Ingram really hasn't performed for us well this season
"Poor choice, Lamar. That was almost a first. God, man."
[deleted]
Fire Greg Roman stat
Queen just got manhandled
fart poop dook
Greg Roman needs to be woken the fuck up
Grounding!
HE JUMPED INTO HIS FUCKING HEAD ARE YOU KIDDING ME
Cut Skura immediately
"Cmon now that was just poor execution - papa harbaugh gotta be a little tougher, this is professional football"
Fucking shit. That's it
Dude. Skura needs to go I’m sorry
Skura ruining this game man
Should not be giving up that many yards on that play
Late hit of course
Should have taken Higgins over Queen
So what should this team do for next year?
Fuck the refs fuck SUkra fuck Greg Roman
Good call
THE RAVENS SUCK ITS OFFICIAL
[deleted]
[removed]
Newton is washed up.  He ain't half the man he used to me
"Hi my nama Borat, I likea you, I like sex"
"Turns out, we’re BIG phonies

Edit: Lmao at all the down votes. I still stand by what I said. I love this team but we’ve lost to the only two good teams we played. We had no business losing to the Steelers after the start we had. The Chiefs game goes as always. Yes we have injuries but so does every team."
"How much fun? Clearly not a lot of fun or he would have come up with some better plays. Just because we had a nice drive there, I’m not going to say it’s all okay now."
I'm so mad right now.
"Best WR is 5'2""......good job EDC"
I hope edc trades up in the draft and we can pick up a wr
This is gonna be al long night 😞
Go for it you pussies
I don’t wish injury on anyone but I wouldn’t be mad if Harris didn’t come back
lol what a trash team.
Lamar continues to make god awful decisions over and over again. And y’all optimists are smoking dick. This is a fucking bum ass team rn. And y’all are fucking wrong.
Fluker is so bad
"Andrews out for season now

Edit: was Boyle, my bad."
I’d like to take a moment to laugh at all the fucking idiots that tried to say us being 6-2 or whatever meant we were a playoff contending football team
Queen is still incompetent in coverage . Don’t reply and say “hEs oNlY a rOoKiE”. It’s the mid way point and he’s continually picked on
Queen should become associated with the bench after that effort
"Shit Lamar learn how to dump it off. Getting beat up


Edit: downvote if you want, but he regularly ignores checkdowns"
I’m ready to trade Hollywood
"New England looked like a playoff team tonight. If Newton can continue to play in a disciplined fashion, they will make the playoffs."
Somethin goin on behind the scenes 100%. 6-2 yet sideline nothing like last year.... Lamar sitting on bench by himself with his helmet on etc...
Bonds hurt.... thank goodness maybe he’ll be benched
Fuck the cheating patriots. Hope they suffer endless injuries
"Holy shit Lamar is pathetic, no urgency in this final drive"
I HATE THIS TEAM I HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAMI HATE THIS TEAM
[removed]
"Y'all still dickride Brown even when he catches the ball, shit is sad lmao."
Bench Queen. Hes useless. Wheres my boy Fort
[removed]
"Do you think Dobbins gets a reduction because of the rain, he has had fumble issues"
I've always hated Cam tbh.
Make up call
TOM WHO?
Told y’all our passing offense is bad but I’m the fake fan
That JC Jackson guy is good. Probably one of the best db right now
LOL!!!
Game over
Skura is dogshit
Boyle(?) now... OMG
"Soooooo we’ve abandoned the run again

Cool cool cool

Fuck GRo"
[deleted]
Another bad choice from Lamar. Come on bro
[deleted]
Lamar has never won a big game in his whole career
You guys are 15 seconds ahead of my illegal stream
Harbaughs and losing control of their teams name a more iconic duo.
[removed]
This game is over. Everyone should be rooting for this team to lose out for a better draft pick
I also hate Newton with that damn hair. Just looks like a doofus 🤬 makes me angry when I see it
Jackson ain’t ever going to lead this team to a chip
How long y’all think Lamar will last in the league? 2025 at the latest for me
Patrick Queen is having arguably the worst game I’ve ever seen a ravens MLB have and he needs to be say immediately he ain’t ready.
This is fucking shit. Harbaugh needs to go too. He’s too far up his ass. we have insane talent and aren’t winning? Why? Because of the fucking coaching! Suck up the fucking cum and admit this isn’t working. This is insane
"We really suck this yr, downvote all you want. It’s the truth."
Patrick Queen = turd.
[removed]
Not bad for a running back
Lamar with the choke!
Said earlier they’re gonna lose 17-14. Stand by it.
"With this weather, feels like a game the ravens lose 17-14 because they make a few mistakes and the clock never stops running as both teams keep it on the ground."
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yo queen is straight trash
This is just not going to be our year fellas.  Defense is ok but has weaknesses and our offense is putrid.
I know injuries are hurting us but are we just bad in prime time games or what?
Sneed afraid of it. Lamar throwing up ambulance bills for these guys to catch.
flacco confirmed better than lamar?
[deleted]
Lol imagine what Mahomes will do to this panty wearing pussy defense if someone like Scameron is humiliating them.
"Ravens had NO ISSUES getting Flacco offensive weapons, WHY CANT WE GET LAMAR SOME WEAPONS???

Edit: yall can downvote me all you want idc, but yall cant tell me Flacco didnt have more offensive weapons than Lamar currently has. 
We havent had receivers like Boldin, Torrey Smith, and Steve Smith in a minute. 

Damn near the best receivers we’ve had and they were under Flacco."
This team needs a fucking down season so we can get a good defensive player or real WR.
[deleted]
This team is a pain to watch
Fucking idiots. I cant. Im turning this shit off
Lol let’s fucking go pats
When was the last time we won from behind
At minimum that Judon play is a DPI. The ball was in the air. Stupid play
"Ah thanks Lamer, let's put this shit defense back on the field.


Edit. Auto correct. Oops"
[removed]
[deleted]
It sucks watching this team. Really boring this year.
27-10 incoming.
That's an int but they wont overturn it
[removed]
"1. The offense has been figured out
2. Lamar can't throw outside the numbers
3. Hollywood Brown is garbage
4. This defense stil can't stop the run
5. Patrick Queen sucks"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Snead is so ass
[removed]
"PATRIOTS FAN HERE JUST WANTED TO SAY...

Joe flacco played better against us last week than Lamar has so far. Lamar is mega overrated."
[removed]
Marcus Peters can rot in hell. Fucking talentless cheap shot artist should be banned from the league. Did the Ravens hire Gregg Williams last week or something?
[removed]
Belee Dat
Lamar Jackson
Freaky L!
Lamar Jackson
Demeatrice Jr.
Lamar Jackson
Yessir
L FREAKY
"Every time I fuck my busty latina gamer girlfriend when she's on her period, my balls itch like a bitch afterwards. I gotta start tittyfucking her when it's shark week bro."
Happy cake day! 🍰
"That cardinals game is a true testament to this statement. Now I’m not saying deandre Hopkins caliber players grow on trees, but we gotta keep trying to find him a true number one or at least another weapon to add to our already promising tight end and young receiver core. Second round next year there should be a promising receiver there I pray to god we snag one and he actually pans out. I would love to see lamar with a great receiver he could just throw it up to."
"top 3 WRs don't really grow on trees, I'd settle for a top 32 one"
Dhop is the only Dhop caliber receiver in the world right now.
"Literally my thought. Who do we have on the team who could go up and make plays like that on their own? Our receivers we have rn are way too dependent on lamar throwing every ball perfectly. If we ever want the offense to take the next step we need to go get a true high caliber #1, something we ignored with flacco for years after that super bowl win. We can’t continue this cycle of mediocre wrs forever"
They don't exist. He is one of one
"We have Souljas, we just don’t use them. (NEVER!)"
Step 1: Find a Dhop caliber receiver
"Hollywood gets targets (10 in last 2 games?) and cant produce, our TEs are the only ones who catch contested passes. Reality is the heart aint there for our receivers yet."
"We got Dez, bro. Throw up the X"
"They don't even need a D-Hop like receiver, they just need a reliable guy and a OC that can utilize him. Imagine how dangerous this team could be with Andrews and a guy like Allen Robinson out there, could open up a lot of opportunities for Hollywood too."
Came here to say the same god damn thing
"I 100% agree. I really wanna hope Dez Bryant is that receiver, but he's been out for so long that I don't know"
A receiver with HALF the skill of Dhop would be the best WR we've ever had.
I guess no one remembers when AB was available and all those damn ppl said no....
"Everybody saw how the Bills offense looks so much more explosive and varied with Diggs too.

The same thing happened in Dallas with Dak. The Cowboys traded a 1st round pick mid-season for Amari Cooper...and Dak and the passing game took the fuck off and never looked back."
I think Lamar and our offense as a whole would benefit more with stud OL & TE. A good WR would be a luxury but Lamar’s skill set is better complimented by the big guys
What good will that do if he can't throw the ball to him...ravens fans stay feasting on shit
Lol second round dhop caliber receiver
I'm agitated by the FO putting so much resources into the defense just for them to choke against a 3-5 team while they neglect the offense. It's a problem that they don't seem pressed to get Lamar better weapons.
Allen Robinson will be available
Why is this sub so obsessed with getting a top wr? We could have prime randy moss on this squad and he would be nothing more than a top 32 player. There is no wr in existence that can make a play without targets
[deleted]
""
I’ve seen way too many of these games this year where everyone predicts the same winner then they get smoked
"Damn, good job Mike."
And now Mike has the best record of the bunch.
[deleted]
Mike’s paid for clicks - gotta create that content for NBCSports
It seems like all of them are just 50%.
Well he was right.
How about now?
[deleted]
Straight up disrespectful that you aren’t rooting against us.
"If the Steelers were playing the Pats, I’d be the biggest Pats fan that night. Fuck the Steelers."
"I’d maybe, maybe, understand if you were fighting with the Pats for a 1 seed, but they’re 3-5. why in the world are you cheering for us?"
"Last year we often ran a 3TE set and obviously found a lot of success. We haven't ran it much if at all since trading Hurst, why do we not run it with Ricard?"
We did run it with Ricard earlier in the year and it didnt work.
"Ricard & Boyle aren't enough of a threat to catch passes. Teams just stack 9-10 in the box & crush the run because they know what's coming. With Boyle, Hurst, and Andrews out there, teams had to respect the PA pass. Now? Bracket Andrews with a Safety & CB, your other corner can watch Boyle, and don't bother because Ricard isn't catching a pass. That leaves 8-9 guys to stop the Run or pressure the QB."
""
If we lose to this team we are officially pretenders this year
"Pats are 3-5, not exactly playoff caliber this season"
"Probably not, just like the browns."
"If we lose it’s a big game, if we win it’s beating a mediocre injured team. Regardless we need to do our job and win"
Any game we lose will be a “big game”
I don’t think this is a big game since it doesn’t have a big effect on whether or not we make the playoffs and it’s still relatively early.
according to the media yes
""
Id rather target Duv over Hollywood at this point. At least he’s willing to get some YAC.
I HAVE BEEN SCREAMING THIS THE MAN MAKES PLAYS
Swap him with Hollywood
He’s better than Hollywood. I’m ready to admit
Lots of talent on the field
and terrell bonds
"Lamar, Cam and Mark. Whose the 4th?"
God I love this
""
hopefully it blows over. I’m from eastern NY and you guys are getting the after math of our storm from earlier. It blew through fairly quick but it was not pretty
Be safe.
Didn’t realize they had tornados that far north tbh
[removed]
[deleted]
"The Ravens really need to tighten up their discipline on the field.  We get way too many penalties and we are opening ourselves up to allow the referees to screw us in critical moments.

I could argue many of the penalties seem a bit ticky/tacky, but they are still penalties most of the time."
Idk The first was unfortunate. He missed the fair catch  call and the second was garbage
Flag was bs
"If our penalties are bad, it should be pretty easy to show on a chart or website. Could you present some evidence?"
[deleted]
""
already am
I’m not having a good time
Isn’t Justin Ellis supposed to be good just by being fat?
Hopefully they can get some healthy run stoppers back for next week!
We need to throw away this whole season for a  better draft.......
[deleted]
Does Patrick Queen just not know how to cover? That play was completely locked up by everybody and he blew coverage on a throw made by a freakin wr
"Right?! Also, how did Elliot not see it coming either? That was so obvious"
Bill's out here making queen look like a fool
""
"the interior O-line was playing very mediocre before the Stanley injury anyway. Also don’t forget Phillips is out, and Fluker is technically out of position"
But who will fill that spot?
We need to draft a tackle in the middle rounds to groom and replace OBJ with but at the same time to be a high level backup for Stanley or OBJ should either go down.
Yeah we have our B team out here
""
It’s just him forcing it downfield. Idk why he made that decision. We just needed 5 or 10 for a tuck fg and we go into half tied. Instead we’re down 3 and we can’t stop their offense whatsoever
It would be a pretty funny sight if Hollywood actually Mossed someone though. That corner would be getting clowned for the rest of the Season.
"That was a bad throw.  Should have been infront of him to the boundary.  Too far inside and too on a rope.  Not a bad decision, that's basically the same decision he made against Arizona when hollywood iced the game.  ."
What's the point of having soldiers if they cant get open or drop the ball all the time?
"Meanwhile just another week of Duvernay being completely underutilized. It's infuriating to watch. He will be our best receiver next year when Harbaugh decides hes allowed to play (seriously what is with Harbaugh not playing rookies unless he absolutely has to?). We should be using him the same way the saints use Michael Thomas. Slants and screens, get him the ball underneath in space and let him do his thing. Hes electric with the ball in his hands. And spoiler alert, getting quick hitters to a guy like duvernay to complement Dobbins and edwards running (seriously Ingram shouldn't see the field at all) will open things up for brown deep. Zzz"
"That endzone throw is a route that Boykin should be running, not our 5'9 WR."
"The Cardinals just won a game because they have a #1 WR who can singlehandedly beat triple coverage. 

If he doesn't outrun the DB by at least 5-7 yards, Hollywood can't even beat single coverage. 

He's 5'9"" on a good day, the average NFL DB is just a shade under six feet, literally all they have to do is keep relatively close and he's out of the play unless Lamar throws him a pinpoint-perfect ball. He's not out-jumping them, he's not out-muscling them, all he can do is outrun them, and while he might be faster than them, he's not faster by a big enough margin to make it work as often as an NFL-level WR1 needs to.

Should we be doing more to scheme around our weaknesses? Absolutely. Hollywood's tiny and fast, so move him around, don't just have him line up as an X and call it a day, get him in space, put him against linebackers where his speed can spring him open in space. There's talent there, and smart coordinators make use of that talent as effectively as possible. Look at how the Patriots used to operate with Brady. They had Gronk and a bunch of tiny slot receivers like Edelman and Welker, but they made it work with smart reads and good scheming. 

We can get good production from Hollywood. Probably not 100+ catch, 1200+ yard production, but more than enough to thrive in a run-heavy offense that doesn't throw a lot of passes for a lot of yards. We just Greg to use him to the best of his skillset, rather than trying to shove a square peg into a round hole. 

That said, you don't have to scheme around the weaknesses of a #1 WR. Unless he starts putting in the work to develop the kind of route-running perfection his cousin used to shake defenders in spite of his size, he's not an NFL WR1, and the longer the Ravens expect him to be one, the more disappointed they're going to keep being. Again, look at the kind of boon Nuk has been for Murray. Look at what Diggs is able to do for Allen. Shit, not just the young guys, look at what Metcalf is doing for Russ. We need to get Lamar a real #1 this offseason. Not a retread who hasn't played in years, not a speedy guy who's so tiny he makes our RBs look like OTs. Whether it's a trade or a draft, get Lamar a real target."
truuu
"Hollywood won't stay a Raven. He'll eventually be cut. He's a bust.   
I didn't like the pick when they made it and I still don't. 

If they move him to a slot #3 WR, then I'm happy and fine with that. He's not a #1 or #2 on this team or league."
Right!!! That's not his game...
"I love Hollywood and have never (Don't think have) said shit about him here before, but this man... He's not going to make it long the way he plays.

&#x200B;

In his mind he is Jerry Rice (Took a lot not to type his stupid ass cousin here)

&#x200B;

He is not... yet.   
I'd love to see this work out, but in the long run don't..."
"Yet a one trick pony is Lamar's no. 1 WR.

The same way Desean Jackson, or Will Fuller, or Ted Ginn Jr are not No. 1 WRs.

Neither is Hollywood.

Lamar BEGGED the Front Office to go get Brown's cousin and the Front Office went and got Dez Bryant instead.

Just awful."
Put Brown in the slot. Change his routes. 90% of browns routes are go routes
I know who's going to be wishing for a WR for Christmas.
The Hollywood pick was a luxury pick. Dude does not fit in here.
"He's also, what, 6 inches shorter than Moss? He's not a big body, jump ball kind of receiver like Moss and Megatron. He's more like a Jerry Rice."
Yep. And that’s what I hope we can get out of Dez.
Roman totally told him to take a shot there. Don’t think anyone in the right mind would force it in there
[deleted]
[removed]
At least until he stops running lazy routes. We can only blame GR for so much.
Don't understand why the qb even throws to him when theres 0 seperation?
We need to use our Souljas.
For a guy that's sposed to have game breaking speed he sure spends a lot of time in opposing DB's hip pockets.
It's not working.
Supposed to be a sub 4.30 burner yet can’t get separation on a simple go route
He is not a number one receiver! I though everyone already surpassed that point. Trying to fit a ball without him getting separation will always turn out either on a pick or an incompletion...the guy will not moss over anybody. Pointless
We could’ve had DK
Right if hes not burning folks he should not be targeted
Should’ve gotten DK.
"Ngl, I’m getting mad that we chose Hollywood over AJ Brown and Metcalf. He had his chances tonight, and failed miserably. As much as I hate Roman, he has to deliver too, and prove he can."
"I hope this game humbled Hollywood a little bit, because he's clearly not as good as he thinks he is."
"Can't believe that throw.. He decided that ball was going to Brown presnap, just unbelievable. But we still got this!"
He’s Ted Ginn with a cool nickname at this point.
"Looks like everyone is coming to my way of thinking.

Marquise Brown sucks."
Trade this guy or something. Clearly Lamar is too tight with him to the point where he is forcing balls into double coverage
And trying to pass to Brown again on 4th.
And it looked like he was going to have a breakout year.
"Hollywood is a #3 WR at best in the NFL. 

He needs to be in the slot. Until then, he's a bust and wasted draft pick. Didn't like it then and he's not convinced me to like it since."
"2019 WR Draft Class (Hollywood to Boykins)

1. **Marquise Brown, BAL**
2. N'Keal Harry, NE
3. Deebo Samuel, SF
4. A.J. Brown, TEN
5. Mecole Hardman, KC
6. JJ Arcega-Whiteside, PHI
7. Paris Campbell, IND
8. DK Metcalf, SEA
9. Dionte Johnson, PIT
10.  Jalen Hurd, SF
11. Terry McLaurin, WAS
12. **Miles Boykins, BAL**"
Funny. I thought the same thing when Lamar threw that long pass. He needs to shut up and get better at playing his position.
"Ya'll did see Hollywood get overthrown for a TD last night, right? That INT wasn't on him either. It was perfectly thrown for the CB, outside and short. A lot of this is on the o-line not giving Lamar time and the other WRs not taking some pressure/attention off. Hollywood isn't blameless but he's been missed a lot this season and that's on others when it happens."
"Everyone last season: ""Man I love Hollywood and Lamar""

Now: ""Lamar sucks and we should've gotten DK""

It's pretty easy to tell the difference between Ravens fans and the bandwagons that hopped on after Lamar was popping."
DK would not be good for this team so can we just stop with it every week. AJ Brown is a miss. McLaurin is a miss. DK is a straight line burner who we would be getting 4 targets a game if that.
[removed]
"If this pick doesn't prove that we need a WR, I don't know what does. We need a guy to bail Lamar out. I completely understand we have a lot of guys injured and I'm trying to approach this with a level head, but Hollywood ain't it. He has the potential of being a great ""side"" guy when there are multiple options, but in no way is a #1. That just proved it."
"I honestly think that that’s what they’re gonna go in at halftime talking about. Hollywood hasn’t separated all night, time to move him somewhere and see what Duvernay/Proche can do."
Why would Lamar even throw to him? There was zero seperation and you still have a time out to work with.
This is pointless right now. Brown can’t catch these balls without getting separation. He is a slot receiver (always dunking afraid of getting hit) at best!
"He's like a smaller, slower Jacoby Jones and this dude is considered their number one. Guy is such a disappointment."
Guy spends more time trying to play the game like madden but when it's time to catch the ball his controller dies
I also think the issue is our play calling is so basic and unoriginal anyone could cover our WRs
[removed]
We literally won from behind last week.
"I guess this is your first week on the bandwagon, because the Ravens were losing at half against the Colts last week. Did you stop watching then?"
hope this is sarcastic
"Go back to wherever you came from, band wagoner"
but don’t the pats have a bottom 6 or so rushing defense?
27th I think
31st run defense
[deleted]
"He’s not a bust, these overreactions are getting dumber and dumber."
We shoulda got DK
""
Eat ass?
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Does anyone else see the passes going to Brown being perfect for Dez/Boykin(hear me out). Hollywood isn’t big and isn’t a physical receiver, he’s just “fast”. Those throws showed me that a Allen Robinson/ Brandon Marshall/ DJ Chark type is a necessity here."
"Those passes are for everyone that has some height and/or plays with physicality, so yes Brown must be on the bench looking..."
Dez woulda caught that
Underthrown?
Hope we can steal Auden Tate from Cincy this off-season. He's buried behind a stacked WR corps but he'd be perfect for this offense
Every1 not name Greg Roman sees it..
Boykin isn’t a physical receiver. I dare say Hollywood fights more for the ball and takes bigger hits.
Boykin is so slow. So slow. He doesn't even look like he belongs on an NFL field.
Greg Roman and Hollywood must go
[deleted]
Queen looks lost out there. Twice he let the runner run past untouched this drive
[removed]
Really not looking good going forward..
Campbell and Williams. Titans coming up.. YIKES!
Injuries are so bad right now. Even if we make the playoffs we're not gonna have a team anymore.
"Our Season is over and our future looks terrible. We have aging and injury prone guys. We have zero depth ,No replacement TE at all , Below average WRs  ,Oline is playing worse.

I’m trying not to be a doomer but it’s hard right now"
"This is just my opinion as a Browns fans. I like Lamar and really respect him. From the beginning even before the ‘18 draft I never thought Lamar would be this good but Harbs has done a great job with him. 

I think his current struggles are on the OC and not Lamar. I kinda compare it to Keap and the 49ers when Roman was the OC there. Keap in his first full season under Roman in ‘13 had a very good season, nothing like Jackson’s first full season but both had very good seasons under Roman. But about 6 games into Keaps 2nd season as a starter under Roman, the wheels started to fall off the offense. I think it’s very similar what is going on with the offense. I don’t think it’s defenses finally figuring out Lamar, it’s just defenses are figuring out Roman’s scheme.

Feel like harbs needs to force Roman to adapt a little bit as an OC or they need to get a new OC."
We know
Everyone thinks/knows that. He’s a fraud
We've been saying this shit since week 2 lmfao
"thanks, but we all know this and have known this for weeks."
Real fucking hot take this one
"Hey everyone, pay attention. A Browns fan has been able to identify this team's issues!"
"What. The. Fuck.

Also Fire. Greg. Roman."
I prefer Fire Greg Roman
"Calm down, there’s still a lot of game left to play."
Matt Skura sucks
Cut. Matt. Skura.
Nooooo. Not. Boyle.
Fire Roman. Hes been garbage all year and just doesnt seem to get better at all. Literally just trying random shit every game.
Fire. Greg. Roman.
We.fucking. Suck
The only expectation I have anymore is that this team will find new ways to dissapoint
On 4th and 1 in the pouring fucking rain Romans dumb ass calls wildcat for the first time this year. Get that fucking dumbass out of there.
They called a wildcat against the Texans on a 4th and 1? to Ingram.
"I would love to just be able to hear what the fuck was going through his head, that made him say “Wildcat in the rain on a 4th and 1, is genius”"
"Came here to make this post.

&#x200B;

You have Lamar fckn Jackson at QB. Why is direct snap to a RB even an option?

&#x200B;

Roman should be gone, for everything before that play this season, or just for THAT call. Amazingly terrible."
Has greg Roman heard of this nifty play called the qb sneak
Greg Roman has been holding this offense back. He has to go now its unacceptable to make that playcall.
Please please please fire him
I wonder if he makes that call if he was actually standing out on the sideline in the pissing rain. Probably.
There are so many other reasons to be upset about this game. Calling for Romans head for that is at the bottom of that list.
The play call was fine. The execution (specifically the snap) are what sucked.
"I have never, ever seen a dumber fucking call in a Ravens game. Never. What the fucking hell are you thinking?"
""
Legitimately one of the worst playcalls I have ever seen. I could talk for hours about why that was a stupid idea.
"He won't get let go because of the rain and injuries this week, I'm sure he won't be let go because the offense scores 20 and barely loses next week, and then by week 13 when our season hangs on the line of winning out we'll maybe, just maybe, make a change."
Don't be ridiculous. He has no clue it's on fire.
On 2nd and goal and 3rd and goal in a 7-7 game he had Justice Hill in the game!  WTF?
\#1 Rushing offense vs 31st ranked rushing defense in DVOA and he dials that up
"Any interviewer after this game please:

""Greg, did you ever consider, given the issues with the snaps, to run some plays from under center?""

""Greg, why in a game with torrential rain did you only hand the ball of 17 times?"""
Jesus christ when was the last time we had a good offensive coordinator?
"There's a lot of reasons to make him give up playcalling responsibilities. But one thing that always makes me unrationally angry is seeing coordinators always in the booth. 

Like get on the sideline and actually talk to your team!!"
Please fire him
Too wet for any fire.
""
 Who? All I know is Matthew Ju-Don
"He said that, and then they showed Mcphee in the play they were talking about lmao"
Where the hell has Yannack been?
Still hurting from letting Za’darius walk
"Mandatory dumbfuck flag from Judon, gotta have one every game"
I remember earlier this season when Marlon Humphrey was our best rusher.
"I mean he is.
Sad to say."
He logged his 3rd sack on the season and his first sack against someone that wasn't on the Washington Football Team!
[deleted]
welcome to camp “it’s lamars fault when the ravens lose but he’s never the reason they win”
Doesn’t matter tomorrow we’re going to get blasted by the media like the clippers got blasted after their Meltdown
"Its a toxic cocktail of new fans not being around for the Pre-Flacco and post 2014 Flacco era, the increased expectations for an MVP quarterback, some genuine areas of improvement and honestly some groups who want to see someone like Lamar, who doesn’t fit a more traditional QB mold, fail."
I’ve never been so sad in my life 😞
"Im glad it's not just us normal fans who have some football knowledge. 

Yes, Lamar has made some questionable decisions this year and last year... ( who doesn't) the difference  this year is the fact that the ball isnt rolling his way and there aren't explosive plays to make up for everything that is going wrong. 

Ravens are in a strange place because they seem to be trying to run a new Offense with less personnel and Lamar is forcing the ball to covered players. I assume he is either just trying to make something out of nothing or just not reading the plays. The WR aren't really getting separation as much as they did last year."
"It's the reverse of the Flacco Era. Back then, anything good was because of everyone but Flacco, and he was to blame for all losses."
[removed]
"I GOT TRUSS


PRAYERS UP FOR BOYLE. ITS LIKE 2015 all over again 🥺"
"He can. 
Our receivers can't."
The bigger question is can the defense stop the run without Williams and Campbell.
I think the question is will the defense decide to show up or have an extra bye week
Skura has other ideas....
He can't.
[removed]
He left Boyle out to dry...
""
Please take this guys leg instead!!!
Our season is done
Hoping for the best.
"His season is over, wish the best for his recovery"
Tough bastard didnt even looked fazed as he was carted off. Hoping for a speedy and fully healthy recovery.
They should go win it for Boyles
"Man. Hope it’s just a hyper extended kinda deal. Looked bad. 

Injuries killing us this year."
Mad respect for the Patriots who immediately called for help. That *crack* echoed throughout the stadium.
I’m sick.
pain.
Best of wishes that he heals quickly. That hit was sickening to watch.
Im gonna cry over this one genuinely my favorite player on the offense.  Best hands among the pass catchers and an incredible blocker.
"This season is so ""2020""..injury bug is killin us this season..come on 2021"
"Prayers to the big homie Nick. Does Dez get a shot now, and do we see some spread out WR sets? Cause that might be interesting 🤔"
Sending well wishes to Boyle. Hope it's not too bad and he comes back healthy.
I heard a crack. I hope his career isn't over.
That injury looked brutal.
That hit reminds me of the one put on Dustin Keller’s leg by DJ Swearinger
Pats fan checking in here - hoping Boyle recovers well and can come back next season and play for y’all. Hate these type of injuries regardless of who’s playing. Good luck on the rest of the season.
"Pats fan, coming in peace and concern.  All the best for Boyle’s recovery.  And bless all the remaining knees...."
Dirty play
"Sending as much good juju as I can muster. Recovery smoothly, Nick."
That injury was hard to watch.  Hoping for a full and speedy recovery for Nick.
Omg this is some Dennis Pitta PTSD all over again. We dont have TEs anymore
Coming in peace. That looked gnarly hoping for the best. 💜🖤
I hope that wasn't a broken hip. It looked bad.
RIP
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"I mean, that penalty on him was really weak and I think he actually got the first sack on Cam today. I’m more concerned I’m not hearing anything from Yannick given we traded for him. I do think he’s pressuring but need to see sacks"
"Judon had a good game made some nice plays and that call on him was pretty shit, guy wasnt a receiver or defenseless but it was a little unnecessary"
Cuz he sucks. The good plays he made tonight? He should be doing that *all* the time.
[deleted]
"I swear half the ppl on this sub aren't true Ravens fan.

We lost 6 games the year we won the super bowl and you wanna forfeit the season. We don't need fans like you"
As Boyle leg just snapped... sign me up!
"We have a pretty cake schedule so we will win at least 9-10, get bounced first round, and not have a great draft pick."
"What does the league expect when they spent the last 3 years calling shoulder to shoulder hits as helmet to helmet, players are going to go low to avoid and destroy knees. 

Surprised it doesn’t happen more."
Bruh. We’re gonna go 11-5 this year. Don’t sweat it. Hopefully get somewhere in the draft. Rinse and repeat
now that the season's over...
God I would’ve hated to see how you’d react in 2012 when we lost to the Charlie Batch lead Steelers
A new offensive coordinator.
Dude calm down. Don’t be so reactionary.
"The seasons not over, but this is a good question. Lots of spots to fill that need first round talent"
[deleted]
Christ! A center!
This team needs a receiver BAD
I’m not the doom and gloom type of guy but yeah we’re fucked . We’re missing key players everywhere and our guys are getting older and coming off injuries with Boyle out .Id like to see us invest heavily into TE and OL
Hopefully Jamarr Chase is around.
Leon Sandcastle if he falls to us.
""
Win it for Boyles Big Trusss
WE GOT THIS BOYS. FAITH
Truzz!
Lamar has been balling man. Pls defense
I’m with you! Impressed with Jackson and the offense. These defense injuries are unfortunate. Nick Boyle 🙏.
I beleeeeeeeeeve the defense will let us down
"First things first, prayers for Nick Boyle. 

We are currently only down ONE SCORE and all these ppl saying to end the game and forfeit the season.

This is BMORE. We battle through adversity. We rise up. How quickly these new fans forget the turmoil we went through in 2012 before we won it all.

I get that this is probably the most season ending injuries this team has had in one season maybe ever but it's football. Nobody on this roster is going to give up cus of injuries and it's sickening how everyone on this sub is. You think Boyle wants to forfeit the season because he hurt his leg? Fuck outta here. 

TRUZZ for life"
"Anyone else in here for Ravens Jags in 2011 on MNF

That was a highlight for me, really"
Some people have never experienced kyle boller
"I feel like this gets posted every time we lose. 

People have the right to be mad after a loss"
"You can be a true fan and still call out poor execution, play calling, and body language. We had all three tonight."
Imma probably get downvoted but calling out our team for being fucking trash against a team we shouldn’t beat isn’t being a fake fan. These positive posts every time we play like ass are getting kinda tiring
"Even if we lose, it’s not the end of the season."
"Let us be mad that we lost to a bad team.

I live in fucking Australia and have gotten up at 5am to watch every single game for years, I am as authentic a fan as can be.

Doesn't mean I'm not pissed off at this team."
Spoken like an Orioles fan.
Listen I get it. Be optimistic. But being a Ravens fan since the day I was born and watching football since I can remember this team is really concerning. Lamar is having a rough season. Play calling is disgusting. O line can’t avoid penalties. Defense isn’t consistent. The list goes on. AFC is stacked with good teams and I can’t see us beating them in January this year. It’s fine to be realistic.
"The fake fans are the ones that think everything is hunky dory gonlcuky happy. We can’t be content with losing to a 3-5 pats. Weather isn’t to blame, they had to play in it too. It’s our own play to blame. Sorry some of us actually care about improving and getting better through a game/season/career. When coaches and players don’t, we call them out. When coaches and players never improve, we want them gone. It’s not that hard. We want to win and be competitive and this lineup does not give us that"
"One of my biggest pet peeves on sports forums is loyalty policing. At the end of the day sports teams are a product and fans are entitled to feel however they want. (edit: As long as they aren't hurting/harassing anyone) 

That said: 

This game was an aberration

I don't think you can assume we're not going to be able to snap the ball and its not going to be a typhoon in January.

And this is the PATRIOTS. They may have gotten off to a slow start this season but they didn't have full camp with their new QB. They are better than the record IMO."
Shut the fuck up. I’m a fan of this team and I’ll call shit out if I see it.
"Gotta disagree with this post. No one's saying end the season, you're being dramatic. People are frustrated with Roman's play calls, the dropped passes, some weak throws, Judon consistently being an idiot, etc. 

Totally agree part of being a fan is battling through adversity, the struggle is part of the game. However- ""fake fans"" are ones who only watch when teams are good, ie Americans suddenly caring about soccer during the World Cup. What we're actually seeing in this sub is a lot of fans getting disappointed in how the season's going. To be fair, they've still had a good season so far. But this is NOT the team they were last year. Everyone knows that. Part of it is missing Yanda, a lot of it is bad coaching and play calls, a lot of it is injuries. 

Part of being a real fan is acknowledging your team has weaknesses. Some fans here don't want to here anything remotely negative or critical. I'm all for being supportive and sticking with them through the season, but if you're the type of fan who refuses to hear anything critical, you're not what I'd consider a ""real fan"". Real fans listen to criticism because they know there's always room for improvement. A real fanbase is dedicated and loyal, but isn't an echochamber. Good fanbases are critical so that they can make the team better."
"The game subs are for quick/gut/real time reaction. You’re not going to get measured responses, ESPECIALLY when the team looks like this.  You know it will be people venting during a loss so why join if you don’t like it?

Pointing out obvious flaws and being mad about them doesn’t make you a fake fan. Honestly don’t know how many times that needs to be said."
"This aged well.

Look, people have a right to be negative just as much as you have a right to be positive. I get you want to remain positive and try to look at the bright side, but the fact of the matter is we’re underperforming, injured, and have a bad OC. Remain positive if you want to, but don’t tell others how they should feel about something and maybe refrain from calling people fake fans."
We have had the same problems on offense all season and nothing has been fixed. Now our team is being decimated by injuries. Fuck off with these stupid posts. We should be concerned. We have played bad in more than 3 games.
"You say fake ravens fans but I see people who realize what pretenders we are. We’ve looked like shit in almost every single game, win or loss. Let’s not act like everything is sunshine and daisies when the team isn’t all that great. Just trying to be real here. I’ve been a fan since 2005 so spare me the fake fan crap."
"Look, let those that are going to leave, leave. I'm still going to route for the Ravens to smash the Titans next week, and even if we lose that, I'll route for them to end the Steelers bullshit undefeated season. And if they lose that, ima still ride or die.

But...

This team was put together to win the superbowl, heralded as a top 4 contender. Fans have the right to be upset about that, because at current pace (*yes there are injuries) we arent even top 4 in the AFC.

Let the bandwagons hop, but fans of this team should be pissed the fuck off, if you're not, id say that's soft. This sunshine and rainbows shit may fly for west coast teams, but it's not the ravens I know."
"This post always pops up every time the Ravens play poorly.  Can people not allow others to complain when we lose to a New England team that I don't think anyone on the planet thought would score more than 14 points against us, let alone be able to beat us?  Or a team that almost allowed Cam Newton to throw for two TD's when he had two total coming into this game?  Get off the high horse where you think you can label someone a ""fake"" fan just because he/she is calling out uninspiring gameplay.

If this team goes on to win out and finish 13-3 and win the Super Bowl, I'll be celebrating along with everyone else.  But that doesn't mean I'm going to apologize for criticizing the team in Week 10.  The same people saying that we should all be sitting in a circle singing ""Kumbaya"" and praising the team are probably the ones who also have been clamoring for Greg Roman to be fired for the last four weeks.  If you want to act like there are no issues with this team just because we're 6-3 and have a winning record, go ahead.  But don't act like you're more of a fan just because you feel that way.  I've been a fan since this team came into existence, and I'll call them out for playing like trash when that's what they're doing."
doesn't feel like its our year.
"Yessirrr !! Every Ravens fan knows, it just ain’t a Ravens’ Regular Season without some injuries lol 
I’ll be honest, I love when Ravens are “underdogs” or facing adversity, I feel like they play with more aggressiveness and passion. I’m hoping the rain calms down a lil, it would help a lot."
"Offensive looks great minus the botched snap on 4th and the INT. If defense decides to show up despite the injuries, I am confident. 😈"
"Fake fans? No it’s fans calling out the shit play from this team. I don’t drink the kool aid. I’m a realist. This team may make the playoffs, but they aren’t doing anything more than that"
"I just wanna see some positivity up in here instead of this toxic bullshit.

It fucking sucks that Boyle had to go down like that and that we've had so many injuries this year but I for one am not counting this team out. We feast on adversity. As Ray Lewis once said ""It's time to rise up"""
Game over...still down a score. Now what
"Its all well and good but we need to come to terms with how badly mangled this team is right now - missing Campbell, Williams, Fort, Tavon, Jimmy Smith on defense and then Stanley and now Boyle on offense which has just turned the offensive line into a dog's breakfast.  Like I just don't think we have the ponies to be very good as it stands."
Fuck that. I’ve been a fan of this team since they came back to Baltimore. I’ve seen better attempts at a4th quarter comeback drive from Kyle Fucking Boller. Wtf was that?
"Everyone just wants to fire the coordinator whenever things aren’t going perfect. 

Hope Boyle isn’t in pain right now and the defense can get some stops and we pull out this W"
"Yeah, we lost but we're still 6-3. Expectations were high, but come the fuck on. It's still been a good season so far.

And we shouldn't be calling fans fake. they are real fans. They suck all of the enjoyment out of the game day threads. They are basically babies who can't handle adversity. But they are real fans who like the team just as much as everyone else."
"Bears fan here. In Peace. In Respect.

Love what you guys have been doing!

Want to see some toxic negativity? Check out our sub. We had that one successful season in 18’ and since then every game we lose its “fire Nagy, fire Pace, sell the team”

Keep the faith. Real fans stick around.

And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor, Shall be lifted—nevermore!"
I remember in 2018 and during the Broncos game I said to keep our heads up we can still win and got downvoted. We eventually won that game but I’m pretty sure the sub has had the same mentality for a while.
"People love to say: ""some fans have never experienced Kyle Boller"" but that's exactly it, we have Lamar Jackson, not Kyle Boller, and this team should be doing more because of it."
We’re all riding this massive high from 2019 and have been crashing since the Titans game. Fortunately we’re still in it but it hurts to be sent crashing back to earth so fast.
There is quit in this team. *THAT* is the difference.
"Lmao it's like everything that hits the top of /r/ravens is cringeworthy pasta

I strongly agree with the first line, but everything after it is hilarious"
"I'm frustrated and disappointed, but those are the same feelings I had a decade ago. Remember that loss in Atlanta Week 10 in 2010? Remember Week 10 to the Seahawks in 2011? And like you said, the hellish end to 2012?    

I think the high of last year just made us think the sky is the limit once again, but with the Steelers flying higher than us and we're back to where we should be (which is still a solid spot to be in) it's a bit of a smack in the face to be like ""Woah, what happened here?""   

2020 has just been rough in general, but long term, we're going to have a hell of a lot of fun cheering for this franchise. After Flacco was drafted in 2008, we went on a 5 year run where we probably could have won 4 Super Bowls if we had a few bounces go our way. Lamar is 23 - the same age Joe was when he got drafted. We're going to be fine."
"Been a Ravens fan since '05 and a quote that sums up this team most years that I love is Harbaugh's after the Super Bowl win: ""It wasn't pretty, it wasn't perfect but it was US!"" 

Last season, it was so easy for a young/casual fan to hop on the bandwagon. This season is more in line with a typical Harbaugh year. A mostly solid team with some notable flaws, overcoming key injuries and some great wins and a few disappointing losses. 

Personally, I don't think the Ravens will win the title this year. I had my reservations going into the season and Chiefs loss was so ugly, it forced to reevaluate expectations. That said, the core of the tem is still very strong and they will be in the hunt for years. Yuo can't ask for much more than that as a fan."
uh oh the Loyalty Cops are here. Everyone scram!!
"Pussy attitude. I want more not this bullshit were given.

We pay for merchandise and with our time to watch this shit, we expect better.

Don't whine for millions and put out a shit product 🤷‍♂️"
SKURA! had a tough game!
Onto the Titans
I kinda expected this loss ngl
I don’t see anyone saying to end the season because he went down. True ravens fans down care who has the jersey on. They cheer for the ravens no matter who wears that beautiful jersey
We keep not adjusting. We're not fake fans for being confused and angry that the team refuses to play to its strengths.
They disagree with you therefore they're fake. That logic isn't sound.
[deleted]
"I know this is a hot take. But at least the game wasn’t decided by Jackson, or at least Jackson shouldn’t feel like it’s his fault. He’s a good leader for the team. He will always take the blame or responsibility for the loss or things not working out. But today I finally feel like he shouldn’t. He had a meaningless interception. His receivers had dropped passes which with the weather not full blame. But man we committed ALOT of penalties. We are starting to rack up the injuries like the 49ers. But to take those losses especially mid game and still only lose by six. Count your blessings. Could have absolutely been worse on the scoreboard. Let’s hope injuries aren’t too long lasting. We have playoffs to go to."
"In the topic of fake fans. I'm new to posting here on this sub, but not a new Ravens fan. I live in central Ohio. I admit I was a Browns fan when all of my family that watched NFL were Bengals fans. I followed the team out of Cleveland and watched the team become the Baltimore Ravens. That was something special. Are we allowed to be upset, absolutely. Prayers for all the players that are injured. I knew this game wasn't a given. My uncle who is like my second father is a huge Bengals fan. He has been a season ticket holder for the Bengals for the last 25 years. Every year for my birthday he gives me one of his Ravens tickets.   My happy ass will be cheering from Paul Brown stadium on January 3rd. Last year we saw Lamar break out with his infamous juke sequence, run, and sit on the bench with his hater blockers. My uncle said, ""you know that makes me sick, right?"" I said sit down shut up."
"I'm a Ravens fans since 2018 (since I started watching football) and I'm kinda sad when I see the comments that there are ""fans"" who loved the Ravens but after the loss to the Steelers they will go to Dolphins, ""because they know what to to with young talents"". And yes I also think Lamar isn't playing like he's MVP season. But he was the MVP he knows how to play he will come back he can only grow. We stand at 6-3 and we still can make the playoffs."
"I’m sticking with my 11-5 prediction, hopefully get a playoff win this year. As high as expectations are people have to remember how incredibly young the core of this team is. Give it a few years, if the fans don’t run off too many players and play calling improves, I still think the ravens have something special"
"It was frustrating to say the least watching the outcome of the game and the opportunities there.
Injuries, bad timing and the weather wasn’t ideal. 

We played a Patriots team who still has Belichik as their head coach and dude has a hard on for handing us Ls. 

We are 6-3 in a very exciting and tough division. 

I’m still with Baltimore, Today and Forever."
"Win lose or tie, ravens fan until I die"
Delete this shit. Gate keeping is trash. Sure there are bandwagons but when a team with high hopes looks like dogshit on national tv TWICE it's not a good look and fans are allowed to be mad.
Fire Greg Roman :)
"Theres a ton of shitty poisonous takes in this sub.  Even if we lose were we're 6-3 and still in it.  Fuck these ""sell the whole team"" takes"
"football often has close games, even if you think the team your playing isn't great. Everyone on the field is a professional athlete and can has a chance of making great plays."
You don't battle through adversity. Your team does.
I watched 5-11. We will be fine
Injuries and not addressing big needs two of our main issues I love my team but I'm disappointed
That was tough but I feel like we know what our problems are
"Some people never care about always improving and striving to be a better player and working out your weaknesses. Oh wait, y’all are content with that"
We are the David of the NFL. We always have to slay Goliath ( Tom and now Mahomes). Nothing new lol.
Looks like we gotta bank on the Os this year... that being said we dropped 5 out of our last 6 in 2012 and the rest is history truzz
Any updates on Boyle? I had to finish up my homework so I didn’t hear any and I can’t find any anywhere
I hope we permaban them.
"I think we get shit on disproportionately by the media. Everyone wants to shit on the small market team, especially when they have rivalries with two of the biggest national markets, the Steelers and the Patriots, to appease. It ticking sucks to lose a trap game like this but that’s why they are trap games. This is still a 10+ win season and the Ravens aren’t regressing, it’s just really REALLY hard to have a consecutive #1 regular season, let alone with getting smacked with the injury carousel."
Honestly was good to see us open up the passing game... we'll get better
I love our qb don’t get me wrong but he has to take some responsibility if he wants to be a leader for this team. Why the hell doesn’t he step up and say “ our center sucks right now lets maybe take some snaps under center?”  Like a real goddamn qb would. Why be in shotgun in the pouring rain all game when the center has been hiking the ball to the ref all game. I know it’s partly the OC fault but lamar has to have some say in the offensive play calling
People react differently. I wouldnt call them fake. I’d say finicky. A friend in RL acts doom and gloom after a loss but gets over it. It’s just their personality.
Were Ravens fans thats what you get when we lose... We’re not team with losing mentality so when we lose we’re way more vocal about it
"So brave, have three virtue points and a gatekeeping badge for your work"
I think you are mistaken... I was promised a team that was behind Lamar... I was promised two working coordinators and not the legit same drive down the field that’s now being stopped. We invested in the defense when our offensive line is struggling to the point Lamar is taking unnecessary hits IN THE BACK FIELD. I think defenses that injury players in the first quarter via rolling in the back field should be a penalty of sorts and a fine to discourage going for ankles of unaware lineman. If we had any decent back ups... if we kept hurst. We would be in a different spot. But we aren’t. We are stuck with an attitude driven defense that punches the ball more than making a tackle.. we have an offense that doesn’t know where to go with the football... and a head coach that made promises and two coordinators that are getting an easy paycheck while doing nothing to change our plan of attack. I’m fed up with being beaten by superior coaching staffs and tbh very frank... it has everything to do with the fact that everyone boasts chains and swag and merch they make money on and don’t even play to a standard we expected out of them. The d line looks fat. Not strong. Not trying to move the o line back or run across the field to stop sweep plays at the line of scrimmage. I’ve been here since 08. I’ve come to expect we beat the patriots at home. That is the raven way. Obviously not anymore. And what way are we headed... below 8-8 fs
"Dude the game threads are more toxic than nuclear waste. Its ridiculous. 

Like. Yes, we can blame jackson for things here and there. That interception was a bad choice. But he goes 14/19 and 167 yards to 8 different receivers and after that one pick a slew of weak dicked shit monsters are like ""Lamar sucks he cant throw"". 

The shit thing is. The pass itself was not a bad pass. It was a bad choice to throw it. But it landed exactly where brown should have been. Brown got beat. Brown kind of sucked last night. 

Last nights loss was not Lamar jacksons faults. He made amazing plays, multiple that were called back because of oline penalties. Snead dropped 2 or 3 completely catchable balls. I know it was raining and awful but fuck man... any dick hole that can turn around and blame Jackson in anyway for that loss is neither a fan or the ravens or football in general. Because they closely just dont understand the game."
"This team and the 2012 team are not similar at all. Ravens were underdog in almost every game. No hype, just flacco and co going out and taking care of business each week. This team is overhyped, over confident and not good enough to back it up."
"Doesn't mean this season hasn't been frustrating at points. Especially Lamar's regression. . . and this game was just pure frustration after that Steelers game. Just because we aren't dedicated bootlickers doesn't mean people aren't ""real fans"".

But in all honesty, we are an extremely spoiled fanbase. Like 20 years of existence, 2 superbowls (2-0) with 10+ playoff appearances, some of the best players of all time, etc etc."
Why didn't you post this before the last touchdown?🤔
I have to remind myself to stay off the game thread.  Some of the shit I see on there is ridiculous lol
"There is a time to be outraged and a time to think clearly. 

This is the time to be outraged. What this season could have been if we didn't lose 90% of the OL, our best TE, our best DL, our best safety, and our entire CB depth beyond Hump and Peters. 

Fans have a right to be pissed and say the season's over. The team is playing horribly. It might be a business that belongs to Steve Bisciotti, but the team belongs to Baltimore and its fans, and we have a right to be upset with their performance and the way things are panning out this year. Fuck off with that fake fan shit, I've been here since the beginning. I have a right to be angry with how things are going, and I have a right to overreact to that in the moment."
"Seriously. I'm getting tired of all of doom going on. Everyone should know this shit don't matter until the playoffs. If you learned 1 thing from last year, that is it."
"This is exactly how I feel as a Cowboys fan this season. So many fans came with Dak, as they should! But people wanting to bail after he was injured means that this isn’t your team."
"personally, the problem is: there's like no signs of hope with this team  for this season. center keeps fuckin up snaps, a new starter gets injured every game, still no sign of a passing game, still can't win tough games and come from behind"
Can't come back down 10 points with Lamar as QB. Has never happen.
""
yooo lmaoooo
"Really though, why the fuck did they not line up under center with the weather the way it was?"
"Replacing him with somebody who can barely block would be a net positive at this point, I legitimately hope I never see Skura play another snap as a Raven. His mistakes are just too costly."
Great meme
So good
Elite.
This is it chief
"Ngl this is my first season as a ravens fan, seeing that I actually made a meme that made sense feels nice 🙂 thanks flock"
"Well played, sir.  This makes me feel a little better"
I needed that.
Also Nick Boyle’s leg (please forgive me)
LMAOOO
r/Thanosdidnothingwrong
This is a Flacco level meme
skura played right guard last night
Wet game coming off a potential career ending injury...rough to throw him under the bus. Fake fans are the worst
""
Prayers up for Nick Boyle. Who is next man up? What moves will we make?
I VOLUNTEER
We did host Luke Willson. So that might be the move
I believe there’s a few TE’s they had in the off-season they’ll probably look into bringing in. We should’ve had another actual TE but they settled with having Project Pat fill the 3rd TE spot.
EDC not going after a replacement for Hayden hurst is hurting this team more than people imagine. Why did u decide to not go after a 3rd TE after we were the most dominant team running 3 TEs is a horrible decision
I knew getting rid of Hayden hurst was going to bite us in the ass
Whats scary too is that Andrews is injury prone as well.
"can i just give boyle and ronnie my legs, i don’t need them"
Luke Willson?
This might be the best time to move Boykin to TE and either activate dez or sign some other wr dude from the flea market
Trade deadline was Nov 3...
"Can Mark Ingram just sit back? I love him, he’s great for the locker room chemistry. But Gus Edwards and JK are bringing much more juice, they are looking a lot better than Mark."
"I'm all for seeing less of Mark and more of JK. I really can see Gus and JK like Mark and Alvin in NO. I love JK though, he just brings such a dynamic to the offense when he's on the field. 

On another note, this has to be Marks last season in a Ravens uniform. Is it not?"
Only really sure about one thing regarding the RBs.  WTF is Hill doing in the game on consecutive plays when it is 2nd and 3rd and goal in a 7-7 game?
I’m team Gus with spells by JK
"Honestly idgaf who gets the carries, but in a game dialed up to just run the damn ball, Lamar leads the team in carries with 11?

Lamar 11 carries, Gus 7, JK & Ingram 5 each. How is that enough?? Especially when JK & Gus are so good? The strength of this team is in our running backs, and they're mostly just blockers and spectators right now."
The fact that our 4th string RB was ever on the field is an indictment of Roman. The fact that we ran a direct snap to our 3rd string RB on a 4th down play we really needed also. Gus and Dobbins are CLEARLY our best RB options so why are we ever taking them off the field?
He was making some plays last week and I was surprised he wasn’t starting tonight. GREAT FREAKING PLAY !!!
"Dude is just as fast as Patrick Queen, he's playing a great game"
Now we need the offense to have a great drive.
[deleted]
Get this outta here Man. This is unnecessary.
That's his season it looks like. Rest up boyle.
holy fuck
Just dm me if u do thanks
[removed]
•_•
"Fuck him 

He’s playing like shit, and is costing us on big plays"
"GET HIM OUT. i understand it’s wet, but that ball didn’t even get off the ground. that is absurd and not acceptable. flat out."
My God he’s been terrible. Last week it was rationalized as being a cut on his hand. Has he been this bad all season and we just didn’t notice? Or you think it’s tied to him getting worried about blocking since Stanley went out? Or actually his hand?
And replace him with...?
2 minute drill incoming 🙏🏽🙏🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Do you understand how thin our offensive line is now? We don’t have the luxury of benching starters. Mekari took over for Fluker at RT meaning nobody else on the team has experience at center
I didn’t realize Yanda also snapped the ball for Skura last year
Do you see how much it’s raining?
"Dude just lost us the game 
Wtf"
Maybe they shouldn't use so much shotgun and pistol if the guy cant snap the ball.
He's gonna be questionable until that cut on his hand heals.
"  Do you see how much it’s raining, game isn’t over."
Soulja my ass
This whole thread is ***Toxic*** lately.
Fuck Skura
Matt Slurra
Lmao this sub is worse.
""
"Yea, saved us time"
That's what I'm thinking...second straight year in a row with a really smart football play in the waning moments of a game...he did something similar in the bills game last year.
I think so. Actually smart given that they would picked it up anyways.
"Dude is the smartest player on the field. High IQ, well coached."
Very smart on his part.....
"not 100% certain, but if so not sure why you take the timeout beforehand"
"Everyone can say what they want about how bad the refs are but that’s not the problem. ITS THE MENTAL MISTAKES THAT KILL US! Bad snap! Offside! Dropped passes (50/50 with rain) we can’t stop tripping over ourselves! If no gears are shifted after This game (besides Hollywood bitching about his targets) I’ll be tight. WE NEED TO CHANGE
Edit: to the people that downvote me, your not true fans and think Lamar is the problem"
Hollywood better stop bitching until he gets an inch of separation
"Bozeman: okay hand placement, 99,99% wouldn’t get called for holding = last drive-killing penalty
Harry: holds Peters to the point where he needs his jersey fixed = nothing to see here"
"Our main issue has always been us getting into our own way.

Even before Lamar. I remember several games where we lost because of stupid penalties and/or decisions. Even when we controlled the game for most of the 60 minutes.

Seems we're experts in shooting ourselves in the foot."
why are we throwing 30+ times in a monsoon with the rushing attack we have
Pat Queen looking lost in coverage was the most frustrating thing for me.
How about being too goddamn sloppy in maturity. HOW DA FUCK DO YOU GO AFTER THE RETURNER AND FUCKING HIT HIM WHEN HE CLEARLY CALLED A FAIR-FUCKING CATCH?!!?
""
[deleted]
I fucking hate playing in New England. You have to beat the refs first.
"This is pathetic guys. Refs didn't fuck us over. Even if it wasn't first down they would've converted on 4th. Ice up guys, we lost to a sub mediocre team, that's not on refs."
"They're not cheating man, it's just a bad spot.  Enough with the conspiracy shit"
"While I agree, you should look up parallax effect."
"The problem with this is that I can't even blame the refs for this. These plays are near impossible to eyeball. Even with the benefit of replay, I'm not convinced he made it or not. How can you truly tell?"
You're in our sub guy. Won't see me in yours. Yea this is where you vent.
"Refs aren't cheating, they're doing their jobs. Which is fixing games for the NFL and their mob sponsors in Vegas."
""
When it rains it pours
That was ridiculous. I was king of hoping Lamar could take advantage of the wet ground but it just wasn’t happening tonight.
""
oh man lamar looks pissed
Fuck
"Coaches inability to adjust to the weather and replace skura cost us this game. He’s hurt and it’s raining, we can’t play in the pistol/shotgun if every snap is far right or left."
"Team let Lamar down, media will spin this into ""Lamar big game bad"".

Fuck that, this game was not on Lamar."
"I’m usually not into the blame game, but Skura was horrific tonight."
"We’re now tied with Cleveland and face the Titans and Steelers the next two weeks. Buckle up friends, this season is suddenly very much on the edge."
"If anything, I just hope this game proves to non Ravens fans that lamar is really working with nothing. A banged up and terrible o line, an O Coordinator who goes away from the gameplan, and receivers who can’t catch much less run routes. The only real mistake he made was that pick at the end of the half where he tried to force it to a whiny receiver who refuses to play physical."
Why don't we have any fucking under center plays?
If Hollywood is so fast why does he NEVER have separation?
Skura blame of the game
"Well, at least we’re Ravens fans"
That rain was unreal
Fuck it. Might as well throw Dez out there to see what he can do.
"Sucks we lost , but I’m interested to see what changes we make prior to the Titans game. Go ravens"
I honestly think we win that game if Skura knew how to...you know...do his job
This team needs to find its reason
"As a fan, we should be just be worried about making the playoffs. The division is shot at this point and we are nowhere near favorites."
I don’t want to hear the Lamar slander today. He did his freaking part in the monsoon. The defense gave up like 200 rushing yards and special shout out to the o line and WRs for no help. Fucks sake Lamar can’t carry 21 other people
"Everyone's injured. Skura sucks. Our recievers are awful. Roman is awful. And we lost the 20 point streak. 

Time to never go back to r/nfl"
Broke our 20 point and turnover streaks. We get 1 turnover and we likely break 20 and win.
[deleted]
"This team is exactly what their record says they are - and they’re really badly injured to boot. 

If I never see that Boyle injury again it’s too soon."
Okay that ref moving his foot and giving them that first down (changed his own call) is the most blatant fucking thing I've ever seen.
"1) Holy Fuck the Rain

2) Holy Fuck Greg Roman

3) Holy Fuck are we in trouble


EDIT: 4) HOLY FUCK MATT SKURA"
What does Greg Roman have against Gus Edwards. Seriously. only 7 carries in terrible weather makes no sense to me.
One positive is Derek Wolfe played with a lot of heart. He’s not supposed to be the defensive line anchor and he played a damn good game tonight with Campbell and Williams out.
Skura really killed us tonight.
"Mix of Greg Roman and Skura with a dash of Mother Nature. The wildcat 4th down, playcalling that doesn’t make sense and then the god awful snaps buried us. But the torrential downpour on the final drive was the icing on the cake. On to next week."
"The discipline on this team is non-existent. For three weeks in a row players racking up penalties is a major reason we're in this slump. Also, Greg Roman's shit play calling."
tbh going into the playoffs with reason to be pissed off is probably better for the team in the long run
"I feel really bad for Lamar right now. He played a good game today and this loss will be spun as a loss due to him rather than those around him, especially with how he's been getting bashed this past week."
All I know is pain.
"Takeaways from this game:

-We are not Super Bowl contenders *this* year, injuries and we don't have the offensive depth.

-Lamar is good, everyone chill out

-Matt Skura no good

-We need to pay up for a top wide receiver. We are no good at drafting and developing wrs."
I'm embarrassed to look at the division standings.
"Cool. Not only did we lose the game, but we lost our best TE.

Anyway, I'd rather not make the playoffs playing like this and spare us the embarrassment."
Hollywood has a big fucking ego for a guy who couldn't hold his cousins jock strap.
Replace Sakura but overall just a bad performance from the team overall
Fuck Skura
"Patrick queen had a pretty bad game from what I saw. 

He's a rookie though and missing have his starting DL. Understandable"
What a bust. I had such high expectations for this game. Honestly expected to win big. Sucks to be wrong
If you still defend Greg Roman you’re an idiot
[deleted]
We’ve lost too many winnable games. We need to stop beating ourselves.
Skura gets the blame in this thread also
Skura had six snaps that came out SIDEWAYS.
Well that fucking sucked
Fucking pouring up there
Hope lamar doesn't beat himself up too bad over a game that was out of his control
I'm still pissed at the fucking wildcat call
"You can only play the teams on your schedule, but our wins have come against teams who combine for a record of 21-31-2. The losses come against teams who combine for 20-6.

This is going to be a 10-6 team that squeezes into the postseason only to be knocked out in the Wild Card round for the third year in a row. I don't see how anyone who has watched the last seven games can really think otherwise. I would put 10 teams ahead of us in the league power rankings."
"My thoughts on #15's performance tonight:

""What's the point of using Souljas when they're shit (always!!)"""
"“Walk on through the wind
Walk on through the rain
Though your dreams be tossed and blown
Walk on, walk on
With hope in your heart
And you'll never walk alone”

On to Tennessee. Lamar was a warrior who wasn’t helped by the conditions. This is football. Let’s walk on."
"Lamar played really great IMO bar the one poor choice at the end of the half that lead to the INT. 

I would have really liked to have seen that final drive not be in an monsoon but Skura really kicked us in the teeth on the previous one when it looked like we were rolling. But we didn’t wake up in time and the conditions just got worse and worse.

Brown is not a No. 1 receiver in this league yet. We still need a lot of help on the outside and as much as the Dez story is feel good, he ain’t it. We need to spend money and make trades for offensive weapons like we do for defensive ones."
[deleted]
Absolutely fucking pathetic
"Mediocre offense, mediocre defense. This iteration of the team reminds me of the 2016 & 2017 Ravens."
"I hate for us to lose but this is who we are I like the position we in, a team that’s in the race for the wild card hungry. All the fake love we get in the media they can keep it Ravens Vs Everybody !"
"Another week of avoiding r/nfl and anything related to football in general, which will probably turn into 2 more weeks when we lose to the Titans and Steelers"
This team looks so unprepared week in and week out. Probably the most unprepared and undisciplined they've ever looked in the Harbaugh era.
Nick Boyle died for this
Outsider here. Why did they keep lining up Lamar at shotgun if they knew Skura couldn't snap the ball properly?
>John Harbaugh said that TE Nick Boyle has a major knee injury and is out for the season. - @jeffzrebiec
>John Harbaugh attributed the bad snaps to the rainy weather in Foxborough - @jamisonhensley
"I’m also trying to figure out why it took so long for Wink to get more aggressive on defense. After we got the game to within a score, he really turned up the pressure and the patriots running game was pretty much stopped. 

Why not make that adjustment earlier when we are getting gashed play after play"
We ain't that good peeps
Im no newfan and i know life is pain but fuck the magic is gone from this season
You guys will be fine. They only won because of the rain. Keep your chins up.
[deleted]
"LOL John is always so catty after a loss. Jamison or someone asks about the impact of injuries and he's like ""what do you want like a percentage"""
Fucking rain
Shit happens everything went the wrong way for us this game. We need BWill or Campbell to be back. Still 6-3
"Well, fuck. We had a chance but Skura fucked us hard. Bad snaps all game long plus those 2 times at 4th and 1 and at that 2nd and 5 which killed our momentum. If someone really tries to put that one on Lamar then just stfu, please just stfu."
Well that was a waste of 3 hours.
Why didn’t we run more in the 4th when Gus was averaging like 6ypc
"Everytime Lamar made a play it was canceled out by a penalty, a terrible snap, or a drop. And I could have ran for 100 yds on that run D."
I’ll remind everyone that was the 31st ranked defense in the league. Our offense is a mess
"Why the hell did it only rain hard when the Ravens had the ball?

God hates us"
"Probably the most disappointing game, even more than KC. That team is not good (no, I'm not convinced that they are still) but Bill is, and we got fucking pushed around."
"Well, at least we're not 4-5. But we're headed toward 9-7."
Someone needs to shove a pineapple wrapped in sandpaper up Skura's ass
"Honestly, what did we learn from a loss in a monsoon with key defensive players missing? 

Yes, this team has a lot of problems. But it may be as simple as the ravens are losing the coin flip games they won last year. They should have won/had a very good opportunity to win both this one and the Pittsburgh game, and it didn’t work out. Sometimes that happens (and it’s yet another reason why last years failure is the worst in franchise history). Sure, it sucks. And it really sucks when your division rival wins all the coin flip games. But tonight was just a fluke loss to a bad team in terrible weather. It happens."
defense really stepped up at the end so that makes me feel better
"Less than a minute left, backed up, and need to get down the field. Time to dig into the well and pull out all the stops. The call: a 2 yard out to Willie Snead with 160 lb Hollywood as the only lead blocker."
"Everyone raved about his weight gain and speed, he looks exactly the same if not slower and more out of sorts. I wouldn’t throw a ball toward you if the ball is constantly getting picked when you’re near it."
Greg Roman his wasting Lamar’s talent.  This can’t go on.
"While Lamar certainly deserves his share of blame for other games this season, this game isn't one of them.

He threw two bad passes all game (and made one additional bad decision, not running for the first down on second and 12). Considering how awful his receivers and oline is and considering how bad the conditions were, I think he played very well considering."
Literally every person we've given a big contract to this year has gotten hurt. Literally cursed
"I still think we sneak into the playoffs. But obviously the expectations for this team vs reality are vastly different. 

Steelers are the clear favorite in this division. But to be very blunt. They aren’t that good either. Should’ve lost to the eagles cowboys & us. They’ve benefitted from some timely penalties in those games. 

If anyone saw Urban Meyers message over the weekend about under performing teams, it 100% applies to us. I encourage all Raven fans to take a listen. We don’t have bad players, we have elite players. The team itself isn’t elite. We need to look under the hood."
"After having time to decompress and think, i can finally give y'all my level headed assessment of the game.

1. I initially thought that Lamar threw a poor ball on his INT to JC Jackson. I still do but now understand why he did it. Lamar threw it w/ a low trajectory on hollywood's inside shoulder hoping that hollywood would stack the DB and control the pace of the route. He threw it while jackson + hollywood were even in their routes. He basically tried to throw a ball that hollywood could catch in stride. That turned into an INT partly because hollywood failed to stack JC Jackson. The exact same thing happened on the ravens' first deep sideline shot between lamar/hollywood. Jackson basically pushed hollywood out of bounds on that one. The difference there was that JC didn't play the ball. Lamar trusted hollywood to beat JC both times and hollywood didn't. Going forward, lamar will need to target hollywood's outside shoulder on deep shots unless he has clearly won in the route.
2. Hollywood is a super slot at this stage. Over the past 2 wks, he has been bullied by bigger corners (JC Jackson, Xavier Rhodes). Failing to stack JC Jackson today was pretty concerning IMO. Perriman had NO PROBLEMS stacking JC Jackson and beating him last wk. He had JC Jackson in hell all game. Unfortunately, JC had hollywood in jail today.
3. Referring to point #1, Miles Boykin would probably sell his soul for the 2 deep opportunities hollywood got today. Miles hasn't been thrown a catchable 9 route since the freaking rams game last yr (& that was rg3 throwing to him). Next time lamar decides to attack a 1v1 deep sideline iso, he needs to do so with Boykin. Even if Boykin doesn't win, he has the size and catch radius to go up and fight for the ball in that scenario. Give him something catchable and let's see what he can do.
4. Lamar overthrew hollywood in the RZ but there was a reason for that. The play in question contained a hard play fake + movement to the left which led to lamar's mechanics breaking down. Same thing happened on his high incompletion to snead in the 3rd or 4th q. He scrambled to the left, failed to reset properly and short armed the ball which is why it sailed. He needs to practice that going forward. W/O movement, we saw lamar hit boykin on a similar route vs. the steelers for a TD.
5. Lamar wasn't without fault in this game. Considering my viewpoint of his INT, i believe he made 1 egregious mistake that was all on him. He tried to throw to hollywood over the middle when the pats had 9 in coverage AND flooded the middle of the field. The INT was dropped because of the rain. 
6. All things considered, i thought lamar played well. I thought he threw the ball well, especially in the rain. We've never seen him have a big throwing game in rainy weather until today. I thought he made good decisions for the most part.  
7. Skura had a rough game but i won't put it all on him. The game was being played in a rainstorm, especially in the 2nd half. Skura had clear snap issues last wk in a dome. As a coach, how do you not adjust to that? Either replace him w/ mekari or line up under center. That's the problem w/ roman IMO... When he sees a player struggling, he doesn't do much to help that player schematically. 
8. The loss of nick boyle for the season is freaking massive. Other than lamar, he's was the most important player on our offense. I hope he recovers because that looked nasty. I'd like to point out that andrews dropped a ball in the 4th q because he was looking behind him anticipating a kill shot. The boyle injury affected andrews.
9. DJ Fluker isn't a passable RT. The pats have a terrible front 7 and still owned him. 
10. Patrick Queen is a total diaster in coverage. I'm at the point where i don't believe he should be in on obvious passing downs. Let him figure it out in practice while board or levine come in to fill the role. 
11. Snead is our WR1. On one hand, yikes. On the other hand, i like that a veteran WR like Snead has chemistry with Lamar. The young receivers on our team can learn from him and also be available to lamar on the field (specifically proche and duvernay). 
12. Ngakoue is a good player but holds little value on our team ATM. We blitz like crazy on passing downs as it is which limits an edge like him in the first place. He offers very little in the run game. It's early but i don't see the ravens paying him next yr. I see them letting him walk. 
13. The pats made a concerted effort to attack marcus peters in the passing game. Oddly enough, peters was monstrous in run support. Weird.

My overarching point is this. This offense was the lamar show today and will be the lamar show x2 going forward. At this point, the ravens need to move dez into the active 53. Duvernay looks promising and needs more targets. Hollywood needs to be schemed open better because he isn't a 1v1 winner, especially against bigger corners. 

Defensively, i hope williams can play next week. If not, henry is going to go for 200+ yards."
"The one thing I learned from this game is Lamar needs more from his offense. He was delivering balls consistently to his recievers and getting the job done, but bad o line play and bad wr play cost us the game pretty much. Also I’m not worried abt the defense considering the reason y they were getting run over was bc of injuries and in the end they tightened up and got us two three and outs and another stop after that too. Basically g ro needs to do better w his pass concepts and we need skura to snap the ball right. Also is it too much to ask for a wr1 Snead is out best reciever and I feel like he should be a good wr3 w holly wood a wr2 and then we need someone for wr1"
We need a other WR ASAP I’m fucking done with Hollywood downvote me all you want but man he isn’t nfl WR material
Can Matt Birk still play?
"Yes weather sucks. But New England also had to deal with it. Not like it turned into dry and sunshine when they took the field. 

Can’t blame the weather folks. Deal with it. We just weren’t good enough. Period."
Cut skura
"This team is playing like they actually won something last year. The constant mental errors, lack of urgency and just plain sluggishness is something you’d expect from a team on a Championship hangover not the team who was supposed to come in with a chip on its shoulder and desperation to go far. I didn’t expect another 14-2 season but what I thought we’d get is pure hunger. I said it after the Steelers game as well too many of these guys are soft. We’ll beat up on teams when they let us but the second we get punched in the mouth we’re flattened. In 2012 we played like shit sometimes but those guys were DESPERATE to win, 4th and 29 check down and you had receivers levelling LB’s to get us the first down. Don’t see that same will to win in this team"
"Some things I think:

1. Patrick Queen ain’t nearly as bad as you all think. He’s played well for most of the season, and he’s a rookie. He’s going to make mistakes. He was in position for that trick play and just didn’t turn around fast enough. It was a good throw. 

2. It’s been like this for years, but turnovers paper over a lot of holes in this D. Baltimore almost never wins games when they lose the turnover battle. 

3. Boyle’s injury is just as impactful as Stanley’s. A lot of our offense depends on multiple TE sets, and losing him is going to be killer. 

4. It’s too early to call Hollywood a bust. But his lack of separation is a major problem given his height and physicality issues. If he can’t run crisp routes and/or blow by people, he can’t play in this league. They need to find ways to get him in the slot or run drags. 

5. Despite all the problems, this team could have easily won this game and the Pittsburgh game. Some of this is just bad luck that will hopefully start to even out. 

6. Greg Roman isn’t in the top 5 of things wrong with this team. Yeah he makes some baffling choices like using justice hill and doing direct snaps on 4th and 1. But he also calls a hell of a lot of well designed and effective plays. Can’t just focus on the negative. His offense helped Lamar win the MVP. Can’t jettison him now because of a combination of injuries and regression. 

7. Offense has scored 34 points in the last two weeks combined. 34 in one game would have been a bad showing last year. 

8. It’s weird how little I care about the Pats now that Brady is gone. Just another team now. 

9. Every loss this season makes blowing the 14-2 year sting more and more."
Fuck this season man
Really awful first half and bad but not as awful second half.
PAIN
This fucking team
Can we kick the tires on Elflien?
"Injuries, Skura, the rain, not one redeeming thing about this game. Lamar can't do it alone, and we are fielding practice squad players as starters. I don't see us getting any healthier soon...."
Please fire Roman for the love of god
"The rain sucked. But, with all those injuries, we are not contenders"
How come no late hit penalty when Lamar jumped on Skura’s shitty snap?  Clearly Lamar landed and had control of the ball and he gets a Pats player jumping on him...
I don't defend or accuse Roman but the play call at the end of the game with Andrews screen is not helpful. Let's have the small man Hollywood be Andrews lead blocker. In that situation or any... Why?
lamar played well tonight. The offence showed some life. The Defense showed up too late though and our Center is problem. I'm not giving up on a wild card playoff storyline. Let's go Ravens!
We took Hollywood over DK.
What a god damn letdown. Injuries and freaking monsoon aside this team should be losing to a team with no playmakers. We all know the Pats are gonna run the ball. Except Wink I guess for those last two series. Just inexcusable. Could be a make or break game for us next week.
The Pats looked like dogshit against the fucking Jets last week. They should’ve lost. This loss is disgusting
Disgusting effort overall.
"Its coaching people..don't get me wrong, penalties dropped passes and injuries didnt help, but someone explain to me why we're not using Gus Edwards.."
Skura was born in Pittsburgh. That says it all!!!
we got super lucky last year with injuries. this year? not so much.
That was a terrible loss. Especially hate being a ravens fan from Boston.
"What can I say? They didn’t deserve to win tonight lol. Lamar played one of his best games of the year but the rest of the team kinda let him down. 

Also, Tf Skura? Bro gotta dip his hand in some aloe tonight smh"
Can someone teach Skura how to snap a football. Pretty please.
"This game turned when it was 7-7, we were moving the ball at will and had 1st and goal from the 9.  The next three pass play calls were mind boggling and we ended up only getting 3.  NE took the lead after that and Greg Roman blew our mind the rest of the night.  Good coaches stay with what works until the other team proves they can stop it.  Stop over thinking Roman!!!!"
>Harbaugh said that he'll know more about Brandon Williams and Terrell Bonds' status tomorrow. - @jeffzrebiec
"Does it make anybody else sad that we lost two big streaks, the games in a row with a turnover, and games in a row with 20+ points :("
"Ingram and Dobbins -> 13 touches 43 yards
Gus -> 8 for 73. The bus doesn’t need an oline. JK and Ingram shoulda stayed dry on the team bus with that"
"WE AREN’TWHO WE THOUGHT WE WERE!!


Injuries and horrid play calling doesn’t help."
Was there not a blatant hold on Peters on that 2nd down Newton run late? It would have backed them up big time and we prob get the ball back. Instead they tried to throw a flag in us for unnecessary roughness lmao peters was held so blatantly and not a glance from the refs.
"We have 2 lineman other than Skura with experience at center and we let him screw up snaps for multiple weeks. Every single possible way of looking at it shows that Edwards and Dobbins are more effective than Ingram but we're still giving Ingram equal or more snaps. No receiver can get YAC but Duvernay who rarely sees the field. We have no idea what our best line is and that would be true even if Stanley stayed healthy. We thrived on two TEs last year but didn't bring in a Hurst replacement and instead tried to shoehorn a player whose skill set is not that of a TE into the spot.

Point is yes, Roman in game play calling wise has left some room for criticism but you have to look at some of the decisions being made on a personnel level too here. We aren't in a place to succeed before Roman even starts working on it."
"Weather sucked. Being down 2 pro bowl O linemen this year sucks. Expectations of 2 second year wide receivers and a journey man becoming elite pro bowl targets was bold to say the least. Hopefully dez can step up and give this team the fire they need to ignite. Remember back in 2012 after the Texans whooped our asses and we lost Ray, How did that season turn out?? We got this just gotta let's old school ravens football go to work."
"Browns fan, if only the Bengals had beaten the Steelers. Today would be a great day for everyone, even Raven fans would be able to smile. However, a dark day is coming, Yinzer nation is rising. Their cockiness is getting overwhelming but it’s not stopping them. God help us all."
I miss Yanda
Lamar has no weapons
I don't care if this is emotional. Every draft pick from round 1 to 3 needs to be WR.
"Remember when we had receivers like Mark Clayton, Derrick Mason and Anquan Boldin, Jacoby Jones, Torrey Smith to throw to? 

Yep, I remember those days."
Whole team was garbage! Shitty everyone
"Lots of failures, but my man Skura really fucked up bad"
fuck skura
Youre gonna need to pay for Pornhub Premium to watch Derrick Henry daddy-dick this team next week.
So was that not a blatant hold on peters on that Newton scramble on 2nd down? The one where they tried to give us a flag instead. Looked obvious as hell never saw a replay really
"People on ESPN will go on air tomorrow and continue to blame Lamar and say he can’t play from behind, even though he played in a ducking hurricane tonight.  Fuck the rain, fuck the Patriots. Bring on the Titans. Don’t panic folks. We still get to play the Cowboys, Jaguars, Giants, and Bengals down the stretch!"
Was ngakoue even playing? I don’t think I heard his name once all game
Sounding the alarm on Patrick Queen. Dude can't tackle AND he sucks in coverage.
Skura has to go
"Lamar played his heart out! This dude did everything he could, unfortunately his team did him no favors today. 

Receivers dropped on target throws consistently throughout the night. The center needs to be replaced because this is consistent bad snap play and it keeps killing the offenses momentum no matter how hard Lamar tries to resuscitate it. 

Hopefully we whoop the titans next week to get back on track."
wtf bro
Incredible
Cunt
Penalties killed any chances
"Not our year. That’s all it is. Only thing I am holding on to is the stat that last time we won both Super Bowls, we started 5-2."
"Obviously I’m frustrated by how we played, but there’s just no winning with the weather on that final drive. That sucked."
How many guys did we lose in that monsoon of a game?
I don't know if it helps but Belichek can't beat us without trick plays.
This team is fraudulent. Good but not good enough.
on the bright side I have Derrick Henry on my fantasy team
Fuck
Skura fam
Fucking Pain
Does this mean the madden curse is real?
"HOLLYWOOD STAT LINE: 2 catches, 14 yards"
"When it rains, it fuckin pours"
Trash
What a fucking embarrassment.
Lamar was really mad
I hate everything
"Honestly, considering the conditions and the fact that aome of our best run defenders had injuries. Im upset but IDK, Im not blaming the team as much as I normally do. Idk why, Im normally in here venting like a morherfucker. I will say that this team is playing uncharacterisically undisciplined, It’s week 9 we shouldnt be making the mistakes we are making on offense. Defense is always a toss up, but holy shit the Offense is sloppy."
"Injuries, drops, bland playcalling, skura"
This game shaved years off my life.
Its time to face reality that the current Baltimore Ravens are a good team with serious deficiencies. We should be happy to even make the playoffs this year. We can beat up bad teams with poor coaching but we are going to run into a brick wall come the playoffs when all of the bad teams have been eliminated.
"I think we need to utilize more formations than just pistol when it's pouring that hard. I don't mean wildcat either, Roman"
Time to start purging
Wonderful. I just hope Nick Boyle is okay....
RIP Nick Boyle and RIP Ravens playoff chances.
"they beat us. we shot ourselves in the foot, we had injuries that we didn't really adapt to until it was too late,  they made more creative plays.... they beat us.

it happens. its not the end of the world. its just football.

think this team still has enough talent to put it together, but im growing less optimistic about that.

fans need to chill the fuck out though. its only game"
I still can’t believe this team wants our permanent offense to be whatever shitshow Roman is putting out there. He needs to be ousted.
"Well that fucking sucked. Oh well, on to the next game"
"Lamar had one of if not his best games but the o line, d-line and the rain said nah"
man i fucking feel for lamar
Look at the rain settle down after the ravens drive lol
"Hmmm let's see dropped passes bad snaps certain times lamar had time to throw but NOBODY was open, no one to high point a ball, injuries, penalties outplayed and out coached. Everyone made horrible decisions today. Total team effort in this loss."
Skura is a cuck. Roman has a micro pp. that’s about all I have to say.
"Only got to catch bits and pieces, but I felt like every time I did watch there was a penalty on someone. The discipline on this team is nothing like it was last season."
"This was a game we should have won, but god, that Boyle injury is sickening to watch. First Young, then Stanley, now Boyle... rough year for season enders."
There's always next year guys.
"I thought skura’s problems were because of his cut on his hand, but it seems to be more than that. Or is he just super unlucky"
Pretty clear that with Williams out was the clear factor the Ravens lost this game. The play calling wasn't terrible... but you can't expect to win games when your starters are dropping left and right. Not sure how they win the next two games. Lamar is gonna have to be spectacular... I really don't know if that's possible right now with the OL as it is.
Whenever the Ravens lose this bad it makes me want to get Madden and go to town on the other team. And I don't even have a gaming console. These terrible losses make me consider dropping $300 😂
"I realize that we have been undisciplined at times but our opponents have only been called for 10 penalties the last 4 games. They mentioned that NE is on historically low pace for penalties at roughly 3 per game so it’s a little fluky to me that our combined opponents are averaging 2.5 per game lately. 

Overall, I think between injuries and statistical regression, and frankly, some bad luck, we’re in a bit of a funk. Typical for Harbaugh teams this time of year. I hope we come out on fire in December at least."
I can't recall ever seeing both sides on the line that badly mangled before- we did not have a competitive unit to field by the end of this game.
"Why does our defense go to shit everytime BWill gets hurt? Like clockwork, nasty deranged clockwork."
My biggest takeaways from the last game and a half is that Lamar is working his way back to where he was last year. He was great after halftime against the Colts and given the situation he was dealing with tonight pretty incredible.
"Run D, Skura and that ref’s horrible fucking spot of the ball are to blame for this loss."
"I’m entirely convinced Roman does not have a 2 minute drill play book , the offense needs to be revamped this offseason in a big way , the oline killed us, not to mention Snead is our #1 WR we desperately need to sign someone"
"6-3 teams right now: - @mitchgoldich


AFC 4th through 9th place teams (Colts, Ravens, Raiders, Dolphins, Browns, Titans)

NFC West top 3 (Cardinals, Rams, Seahawks)

That’s 9/32, more than a quarter of the league."
The worst part about the losses and close wins is NOTHING changes the next week
"This has been a really painful season to watch. I keep thinking the coaching staff will make changes, but they keep thinking the same approach will work."
It is time to wash my lucky ravens gear
God help anyone who expects Patrick Queen to help us against Derrick Henry.
[deleted]
Bajema vs Supernaw?
Trade for Allen Robinson’s
"Not gonna lie, there were a surprising number of drops by the receiving corps that game"
"Defense started bad but got tough for most of the second half. Man, takeaway could have made the difference. Heads up play to take the penalty with 2:40 left. Otherwise I don’t think we get the ball back.

Offense moved the ball ok, but mistakes killed them throughout the game. Left at least 3 points on the field (interception). Bad snaps, drops, and penalties killed several other drives. Just sloppy bullshit. Despite all that, we had a chance at the end but Mother Nature was not on our side."
For the first time I really saw on Lamar’s face his frustration with the offense.
cut skura now
"WTF is the point of investing in the defense if it gets exposed this easily. Millions of dollars for nothing if Big Baby gets rolled up(or Mahomes carving our secondary). Trading for Campbell is nice, but BUF & AZ are trading for star WRs & look at how they're playing. Getting rid of Hurst and not replacing him (Ricard as a TE3 is bad) is also bad."
"I'm not like most fans. I don't start clamouring for someone to be fired the moment shit isn't perfect. I just don't ha r that emotional response in me.

But, for God's sake why did they not go more up tempo after the success they had last week.

I love Boyle sucks he got hurt..and while I don't think it will happen...I hope it leads to them using 10 & 11 personnel."
"Good game guys, hopefully we get a chance to rematch in the playoffs."
My recording fucked up so I missed the second half. Seems like I should be thanking it.
Anyone know why we didn't sign MBC? Looks like he's not causing a bunch of distractions in Tampa like this sub told me he'd cause.
Not sure we fully appreciate how big a loss Boyle is. One of the biggest reasons were struggling on offense is the lack of a three TE package like we had last year. Now we’re down to one.
remember how we drafted Hollywood in the first round? ugh
So beating a 5-2 team is not a big game but losing to a 3-5 team is. -Media logic.
">Lamar Jackson had his center's back when asked about the bad snaps: ""The ball just was just [wet] ... couldn't do nothing about it. He was trying to the best to his ability. I was trying with him, but things happen, especially in conditions like this."" - @sgellison"
We aren't half as good of a football team as we were last year :(
"The injuries are a long-term problem at this point. The run game is depleted without Stanley and Boyle (not to mention Yanda gone). The run defense is in shambles until Campbell/Williams are fully healthy. The only chance of beating good teams is Lamar playing top-level even with the run game being more good than great. It can happen, but it's a lot to ask."
AB doesn’t sound too bad now
WR coach needs to be fired yesterday.
""" ya know you just have to wonder if the pats turned on the sprinklers in that last 4th quarter drive."" -dave from salisbury"
I’m at a lose of words rn 🗣
"I have never seen a team like this Ravens team in my life. 

They can bully you and suffocate you into submission when leading and when trailing they have absolutely no firepower to be able to come from behind."
The Ravens are supposed to be this talented genius juggernaut innovative offense yet these guys are playing like they are a tanking 1-7 team. One of the most mentally weak squads I have ever seen ffs
Can someone explain why they didnt just call a wildcat formation with 2 seconds left and try to force OT? I know the chances are super slim but why not go for it?
"Skura needs to be moved to guard, if not benched outright.  Coming into the game, he ranked 30th out of 38 qualifying centers in PFF grade (21st in pass blocking grade and 34th in run blocking grade).  I thought he deserved to be benched weeks ago, but after 2-3 straight weeks of horrific snaps, he deserves to lose his job immediately.  Outside of his 2 bad snaps that cost us big time tonight, the consistently inaccurate snaps are killing us.  It’s hard to be efficient and find any type of rhythm when the play starts off that way.  It seems like they didn’t hesitate to pull Fluker, so I have no idea why they chose to keep Skura in the entire game.  Harbaugh needs to figure it out; there’s no excuse at this level."
Fuuuuck I really really Yanda😞😞
"Patrick Queen got absolutely schooled by REX BURKHEAD I mean come on.  Offensive line play is never perfect but Matt Skura has consistently given reasons to be replaced.  Injuries, bad offensive play calling, and no help from WR's always seem to be issues for us but I cannot handle how undisciplined we are.  A harbaugh team should not be getting so many penalties weekly

&#x200B;

Other than the INT, Lamar had a great game.  He kept us in the game even if it does not seem that way especially when you consider all the shit going on around him"
"Cant wait for GMFB, Skieuuuuuuuuup, SAS and Kellerman to rip into Lamar today for no fucking reason

Fuck talking heads"
Greg Roman gotta go
"Hollywood need to get separation from the secondary, seems like he always tightly covered cus he can’t get any yac...if dez has anything left we need to put him out there otherwise we signed him for nothing.  The defense got embarrassed, out coaches and out classes.  They gotta get back to stopping the run and forcing turnovers or we might as well start looking towards next year"
Ravens get got a lot
Watching Hopkins and Diggs go off yesterday just makes me mad. Ravens need to get Lamar some actual help on offense. Hollywood just isn’t dominant enough to be a WR1
I'm tired of having shitty receivers year after year after year after year after year after fucking year.
"Hope you all do not mind.   I bleed blue, but wear a ravens t-shirt.

I know all the talk is offense on most reddit of late: Lamar, snaps, WR play, OC Roman, and so on.

The glaring thing to me yesterday was LB play.  Every run of 5+ yards seemed to me that LB or DL is hitting the wrong gap. too many times I am seeing the LB behind DL stacked before the RB hits the hole."
"If only we had Murray, we’d win the super bowl"
Ravens need to win all 7 games this is ridiculous
Lamar played as good as one could hope in that weather. Skura/injuries booming us.
Fuck Greg Roman
"We're injured, our OC sucks, and we don't have the playmakers on offense outside of Lamar, really. We might be lucky to make the playoffs."
"The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result.  I don't know if this best describes John Harbaugh, Greg Roman, or myself, but it's at least 2/3"
"Unpopular take but getting consistent snaps in a monsoon is hard. Wet ball = hard to grip for snapping. Not saying it’s not skuras fault but with how the snaps were going, at some point Roman should’ve put us in an under center formation like how the patriots were running"
Is Allen Robinson a FA? We should go after him.
We were just too focused on the upcoming titans and Steelers games.
"
My biggest issue with this game was without a doubt the weather. That was not normal by any means and it clearly benefitted the team that got the least beat up in the trenches. No Campbell and losing Williams got us gashed the first half and into the 3rd and then the weather just completely took over and immobilized both offenses in the 4th. Overall just a night to forget.

Man this team is not just beat up right now, but straight up gashed with these last two huge season ending injuries(Stanley and Boyle). Having guys like B Will, Jimmy Smith, Campbell, and Fort able to come back in a few weeks will be huge in getting this team back on track for the final stretch of games vs DAL, CLE, JAC, NYG, and CIN. Season isn’t over and I think the mindset for the team is get into the WC spot and try just go for it and see what happens, what do we have to lose?  

Lamar has come a long way and I’m proud of how he’s faced adversity these last two weeks. Team as a whole needs to get better and some of our offensive weapons need to work out their issues and start making plays again. Patrick Queen has been awesome in general but it’s clear he’s still a rookie and he can only go up from here. Harbs has some serious sole searching to do regarding Roman being with the team next year, and how to patch work together and offensive line this year to try and make some sort of playoff push.  

My guess for final win count is 11-5 and a middle WC spot where we may have a shot at taking on IND, BUF or MIA on the road and that’s huge for us."
lamar played great minus the pick. team let him down. Coaching sucked first half. Refs shit on us too idk game felt rigged.
Madden curse can FUCK OFF.
Just an interesting fact. Ravens are 6-0 when they have the superior coach. 0-3 in games when they have the inferior coach.
Oh well. We can still go 13-3
FIRE GREG ROMAN. WHAT WAS THAT LAST DRIVE
We’re crashing and burning. We’ll be lucky to go 9-7 with all the injuries and shitty play calling.
Madden curse
Drinking champagne in Spain 😘✌🏾 (the 'cham' and 'S' are silent)
"We are going to get killed by Derrick Henry next week. Our run stoppers are hurt, offense isnt clicking. Lamar making terrible reads, not running when there is space. This whole season is making me hurt and we are fucking 6-3. Fix this shit"
Lamar wasnt good but he definitely didn't lose us this game.
Season's chalked. Too many injuries
Fucking pussy quitters gave up. Unreal.
I put money on Ravens and Bills winning today. Think I’m cursed and done with bets. $500 lesson.
Just missed out on over 1500$ over ravens losing by more than 3. Jesus christ the bad snaps were unbelievable and at such crucial moments. Thanks ravens.
[removed]
[deleted]
Lamar is exposed... just another RG3
[deleted]
[removed]
Well...I won’t be wasting any more of my time watching these games.
[deleted]
[removed]
The Lamar Jackson experiment was nice but unless he can show significant improvements in his passing it would be dumb to pay him a lot of money
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Time to have “the talk” about Lamar Jackson.
