text
[deleted]
"As a Browns fan who is frequently on the Browns sub, I can say with confidence that you're full of shit as far as the ""laughing at injuries"" comment goes. When the news broke about Dobbins and Gus, virtually all comments were wishing the Ravens luck with their injury situation. The one (most likely troll) comment that was glad about the Ravens injuries was **heavily** downvoted, and again, remember this is on the Browns sub."
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pmm8al)"
Please throw a 400 yard game Lamar I would absolutely love it.  A great running game is cool too but I would just like to see an absolute air raid on this garbage secondary.
21/27 280 yards 3 TDs 50 rushing yards
One large order of a Jackson 5 on the way😈
For the season? I am going to say over 351
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pmm8oz)"
Ty'son gonna get 1k and get traded to the jets next year
"Idk why I have a feeling tyson is gonna feast. Not dobbins levels, but I think he can get 650-750ish yards as a lead back"
Definitely responded thinking it was all RBs and then saw Lamar on there after. The safe bet is Lamar at > 900 yards
"Don't forget about Trenton ""The Cannon"" Cannon"
I realize this is a Ty’Son Williams subreddit but ya’ll are sleeping on Latavius… he gives you everything Gus does plus decent hands and proven blocking.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pmm94r)"
It’s about time Hollywood turns into a clone of his cousin lol I see he’s steadily packing on muscle 💪🏾
Mark Andrews with Sammy in second assuming he’s healthy for all 17 games.  They attack the area of the field Lamar most heavily targets and I consider Sammy to be the best of our WRs imo.
Very difficult question (aside from the bottom two options lol) because I can see a scenario where it's any of the rest.
"Lol my pick is ridiculous but I think Bateman can win out, there’s a true hole in this offense for targets that are wide open for him to take, even despite missing 3 games I’m hopeful he will be our receiving leader and be the true WR1 we’ve all been dreaming for 🙏🥺"
Its Batemans SZN
"Andrews not just because he is lamar’s favorite target, but also historically he’s been the healthiest option (proceeds to knock on every piece of wood I can find)."
"Heart says Hollywood, brain says Mark. 

Charlie Wildcard says LeVeon Bell lol"
Do we root for the Bills and Chiefs which helps the Ravens in the AFC North or root for the Steelers and Browns which help the Ravens with the overall AFC seedings (top seed)?
If you're not rooting against the Steelers then you are most likely an imposter among us.
Bills and Chiefs no question
"Worrying about seeding in week 1 is silly, it’s a long season. Always rooting against division rivals."
Chiefs and Bills of course
If you gotta this then you’re in the wrong sub
Bills and Chiefs
Is this really a question?
Bills and chiefs.
"Bills.

I like their fans."
"I'll root for chiefs and bills. Always against division rivals as their losses equal a step ahead towards the playoffs for us, in a round about way. That said Harbs is part of the Reid coaching tree and the bills are developing a pretty good football/fan culture up in orchard park."
Go Alex Collins!
These posts disgust me. In what world would you ever cheer for the steelers.
Bills and Chiefs. You want the Browns and Steelers to lose as much as possible
I don't think I've ever seen this question on week 1
Let's worry about the division first
Browns and steelers for betting purposes
Bills and browns. Why the browns you ask? Because they’ll soften them up for us.
"Steelers and Browns, we re no rivals to suckers"
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pmn2td)"
I’m really the only one who knows the Ravens will score over 41 points Monday night?😈throwing tds are gana be insane. Hopefully a Jackson 5
I’ll take the road W at 31-17.
Yes
No Jackson Five on Monday.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pmo502)"
"I'm surprised Daelin Hayes was left out...
 
And Houston"
"I think we end up with a bunch of 3-5 sack guys on the team.  Not sure if a clear front runner jumps out.

Oweh just isn’t a good pass rusher yet as he has a lot of technique to learn. Bowser is great in coverage, so he doesn’t rush as much.  McPhee just lacks the burst to put up big sack numbers at this point.  Ferguson is not a very good player and didn’t even dress for games at the end of last year."
Honestly if preseason goes anything like the regular season it'll be Ferg and Queen competing this year
"Houston absolutely deserves to be on this list.

I hope Ravens fans temper expectations for Oweh. Kid has a lot of the physical attributes but he's still raw. I think he'll be a good player, but it might take longer than expected. This is not uncommon for pass rushers making the leap to the NFL. Shit, even guys like Za'Darius Smith and Matthew Judon needed a few seasons to marinate before they really came into their own."
Oweh
Tyus but next year I think it’ll be Oweh.
"Looking at the Ravens season ending IRs,  JK Dobbins and LJ Fort are out. That should put players who have double initials as first names on high alert but, luckily, the Ravens don't have any more of those on the roster.

Marcus Peters and Gus Edwards injuries are bad news for players whose first name ends in -US. Tyus Bowser,  Ar'Darius Washington and Latavius Murray might be playing on borrowed time."
"More accurately it’s players like Ty’Son Williams, Mark Andrews, Brandon Williams, Tyre Phillips, Brandon Stephens, as Gus and Marcus both have first name + s as their last name.  It’s far worse than you say."
""
"Congrats.  

Also, I respect the upgrade to the Gildan Softstyle…. Gildan Heavy Duty feels like you’re wearing insulation."
"Congratulations!

This reminds me of fun family story. My grandfather went to every Baltimore Colts game from the moment they started to the time they left, except for one game because of my uncles wedding.

He complained about it to the day he died: “Damn it Joe, there are 36 Sundays a year that don’t have a frickin football game.”"
"Congrats!

Try to always listen even when you don't want to, meaningfully apologize when you're in the wrong, avoid going to sleep angry at each other, and cherish every moment. It ain't easy. It can be a lot of work and growth at times, but it's worth it. Best of luck to you and your spouse, and may this be the happiest day of your life."
Congrats!!
Congratulations enjoy Marriage
"Congrats! Have an elite wedding. 

See if you can work in a “fuck the Steelers” into the vows."
"Just remember, no matter what happens today, you still have Monday. 

Congrats !!"
"Congrats! Hoping the football gods gift you losses by the Browns, Steelers, and Bungles on your special day!"
Congrats!
Congrats! But you've been a Mr. the entire time.
"I would’ve started looking for replacements for you in your wedding last spring. Come on man, it’s opening day. 

It’s not too late to switch it to Tuesday."
Congrats man rock her world tonight and on the honeymoon
I’ve met some fans who would love to get married and watch the game at the party.
*Mazel tov* to you both!
You almost had the official shirt of our RB corps : MRI & MRIs
Today's my birthday and your wedding. Congrats you two!
Congratulations! That’s awesome!
"Congrats fam! Marriage is awesome!  You get a life long best friend, and nothing beats companionship! Just remember that when she drives you nuts.  The good times outnumber the bad times 10 to 1.

Enjoy!"
I assume these are sleeveless
Congrats!
"What's worse, blown ACL before the start of the season or getting married?"
"My thoughts on the UDFA RB who is the last man standing from the backs the Ravens started camp with. He will get the starting job in week 1 and never relinquish it.  


My projections for Williams in 2021.  
Rushing - 1300  Yards with 10-12 TDs  
Receiving - 200-300 Yards 2-4 TDs  


Bell, Murray,   and Freeman will all back up Ty'Son and be used situationally all season. Ravens make the PlayOffs. Ty'Son makes the Pro Bowl."
1500-1800 total yards and 12-16 TDs… I think your bar might be too low
"This is ... optimistic. Even with the extra game those numbers are high in the Ravens RB rotation model. Gus over the last three seasons averaged just over 700 yards, 5 ypc, 135ish carries, and 3 TDs. His last season was 129 of his 194 career receiving yards and 6 of his 10 rushing TDs.

Williams has zero snaps and was on a futures contract. He looked good against backups in games that didn't matter. I'm my opinion, he still has everything to prove and there's no reason to think he's going to be a stud, or better than Gus was last season.

Guess we'll see soon enough."
"I think that’s definitely possible but gonna be tough given how much we use all our running backs. I think Williams starts out strong but as others get acclimated to our system, he may not get as many snaps. 

But if he is absolutely balling, especially if he has a killer game in week 2 against KC, I could totally see him being the #1."
"Like just imagine, Ty'son balls out....and we have 3 starting-caliber RBs with him, Dobbins, and Gus next year 😲"
""
"Primetime games are fun, but im always sad on sundays when i have to watch other teams all day"
Now that’s a PUP
Shi tzu?
Getting ready to watch the Steelers and Browns lose.  All is good.
"Already watching the pregame. Gotta make that beer run though. Whats everyone drinking?

What game are you most excited to watch today?"
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
That looks nice 👍
[removed]
"My wife's favorite team (Patriots) is playing today so i'm going to that game. I'm obviously a huge ravens fan, but it's gonna be so odd going to a game to a team I hated for years and years. 

I am so tempted to wear my ravens gear there 😂

Just wanted to know, for the people that have been there before, how is that stadium?"
"Hey there,

I am ALSO a Raven's fan who has been to Gillette. I went to a Ravens/Pats playoff game awhile back at their stadium. It's a Very Nice venue and the shopping/restuarant complex was also good too!

Btw, at this point wearing Ravens gear wont be too big a deal there. A few dirty looks and the like are what you'll probably get..."
"I have never had a bad time at a live sporting event (minus a few bad interactions), and every stadium has it’s charm, I am sure it will be a great time. Sometimes it is fun going to games where the Ravens aren’t playing because you have no stake in it, you can just root for a close game and enjoy the atmosphere and get loose. Have a good time!"
I brought my Steelers friend to the Ravens Rams game two years ago. He wore Steelers gear. It was annoying af
"I've worn my 52 jersey to a couple non-Raven NFL games. It drew the most ""attention"" walking around stadium: to/from seats, concessions, etc. I guess because like social media it's easy for a complete stranger to throw a quick verbal jab as they walk by knowing they'll never see the person again.

Also from 3 different games, it seems that the cheaper the seats, the more likely fans are to say anything about it (and only after a few beers). Also if they're winning you should be fine. If it starts to be an ugly loss, people tend to last out at anything.

Of course I was also wearing 52 which is a polarizing player for many non-Ravens fans. Have fun!"
[deleted]
"I know this is asked a million times, but either I'm dumb or cant find a straight answer lol.

My wife is getting me a streaming service for my birthday on wednesday so I can watch live football games on the tv and my phone _legally_.

Is fubo worth it? Can I watch all the games including monday and sunday night with that?

Or does game pass work? I'm not looking to getting a VPN either.

Thanks!


Edit: I appreciate all the help guys, I think I might just tell my wife that there really isnt a good option for our circumstances and to save the money! Guess it's a life on the salty seas for me.

Thanks a ton!"
"I’ve talked about this on this sub with someone else before, so I’ll just copy and paste what I told them:


If you live in the Baltimore or DC media market, you can download the NFL or yahoo sports app. They’ve been putting the locally-broadcasted games on there for free for a few years now.

If not, you can use Locast (a free local television website) along with a geolocation changer to trick your computer into thinking you live in Baltimore and allowing you to watch the game online completely free and legally

Just a fair warning though. Locast has unskippable ads that play about every 15 minutes, so if you’re using it to watch football it may unexpectedly interrupt plays. To get rid of ads, you have to pay a $5 per month subscription to Locast. Since the regular season is only 4 months though, this still ends up being an extremely cheap and reliable way to watch the Ravens"
Im pretty sure the only way to be able to watch every game is sunday ticket
"I know you said legally, but Nflbite.com is great. No VPN required. Just gotta get past the pop ups lol. I use that for the Ravens games. 

My actual streaming service is sling. I use that because it’s cheaper than cable and I am able to get espn, nfl network and redzone."
Reddit football streams
"DAZN (da-zone….stupid name) is expensive, but being able to watch every game, and go back to the ones I’ve missed is super worth it. They have RedZone and other NFL programming too!"
"Hello Ravens fans! I'm a casual Ravens fan (FTS) that lurks here frequently but an avid fantasy footballer. I've got a quick question about what you guys think the Ravens Gameplan will be tomorrow. Hope you can oblige!

Related to the recent running back injuries, how do you expect the offense to flow tomorrow? Will we see the Ravens passing a little more than what we'd typically expect? Or, will they stay dedicated to the run game with Williams and Lamar? I don't think anyone would dispute that Williams will get a RB1 work load, but part of me thinks we may see a lot of Watkins on Monday because of the RB injuries. To my knowledge, there's nobody behind him that has a full grasp of the playbook, so the snaps spelling Williams will have to go somewhere."
Just win baby.
"I think it was gonna be very Lamar 2019-esque anyway. The Raiders D is bad, and Gus Bradley is the cover 3/four man rush type. They air it out as long as everyone is comfy with it."
"It comes down to two things.

Kicking ass and taking names."
"I’m no expert, but I think its to score more points than the raiders"
"Nice try, Jon"
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"
Die Hard: On A Football Field
 
@KyleBrandt predicts Lamar Jackson for NFL MVP!
 
@Lj_era8 | @Ravens 

***

posted by [@gmfb](https://twitter.com/gmfb)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1435602093759422464/vid/1280x720/kbjx4xdHA3rbYH13.mp4?tag=14) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[D'Angelo Hall did it better 2 years ago](https://youtu.be/Kk1fyVtkb0o)
I’m in a 12 man PPR league and I’m trying to decide who to start at my flex position. Just wondered what the fanbase thought about who is going to have the bigger game tomorrow. Go Ravens!
Ty’son.  He will get the bulk of the RB carries this week.  Like he’s the only RB that knows the system.
I’d go with Ty’Son. I expect him to get 12-15 carries and probably around 75 yards. I’m starting him in my league.
Williams will touch the ball more
Holly
Williams for week 1 imo
"Lower floor for Williams, higher ceiling for Brown"
Do you have options outside of those 2?
[removed]
...
Josh Allen overthrows like a mf and no one bats an eye 😂
"Titans down 10 already. Shit you LOVE to see.

edit: wtf? that fumble recovery looked pretty clearly like a touchdown"
If lamar played like allen he would’ve been crucified
Pittsburgh’s offense is garbage. Who could’ve possibly foreseen this???
Steelers looking like shit 👌
Mark Ingram tuddy!!
No wonder beasley isnt vaxxed he cant catch anything
just saw a JK dobbins commercial 😭😭
LOL @ Tennessee getting STOMPED.
Fuck you Tannerhill!
allen has been ass today and nobody saying shit about it
i’ve never heard injury concerns for josh allen he runs directly at D Lineman and engages the contact
"Lamar would get criticized if he posted a statline like this: 28-49, 252 YDS, 1 TD....."
"Titans: ""Just wait until you see our offense with Julio"".

Me: ""Worth the wait""."
Browns gonna brown LOL
Thought Julio was supposed to step right in and make an impact in Titanland 🤔😂
Joe Flacco’s team is 1-0 👍
i expect nonstop coverage about how allen has been figured out all week
I feel like the steelers always get away with playing like crap.
Josh Allen takes a shot on like every play. When he runs he tries to be a hero. Why tf is it not talked about more. Won't last long in this league playing like that
"Course chiefs gonna suck dick today and then next week will be unstoppable. Fucking afc teams and choking to our division, name a more iconic duo"
"Lmao Baker, take a bow. But credit to the Browns, they played very well and are a threat going forward."
Titans offense and defense looks like shit
Baby Zeus gettin blown up
Orlando Brown Jr. Is getting destroyed out there
browns gonna brown LMAO
LOOOOOOOL BROWNS LOOKIN LIKE BROWNS AGAIN i missed this
"Aaaaaand the browns get flushed down the toilet once more.

Order has been restored to the world."
Baker + pressure = the dream duo!
Titans trash
LOL “elite” Tannehill and their classy fans
Titan fans booing the Titans is the cherry on top. 🤌🏾
I forgot how much I fucking hate the Steelers
Browns
I'm loving watching the Browns choke away this game.
Man fuck everyone who thought Allen was better than Lamar lmao
The AFC South is an embarrassment.
"maybe bills dont need the vaccine

cant catch shit"
Orlando trade looking like W for us ngl
We have to hear about Allen and mahomes and then watch them let us down
"Can we talk about how Mahomes covers up how bad the chiefs are? That defense is buns… without him they are not a top 4 team in the AFC. Idc what anyone says, bring on the chiefs next week"
"Orlando, bruh...

Save that shit for next week"
Orlando Brown just got sent to the shadow realm by Garrett
Browns finna brown
Lol fuck the Titans
Another Josh Allen overthrow! Lol
Is the whole fucking div gonna win today?
Is it Monday night yet...? 😭
#BROWNS ALWAYS GONNA BROWN LMAOOOOO
-1 total yards for the best QB and RB in the NFL can't be true surely? What's going on in Tennessee?
"Dedicated to Marcus Peters theTitans are getting DEMOLISHED. 

Henry can't run, Tannehill can't throw and got sacked by Chandler Jones 3 TIMES in the 1st Quarter. And Nuke already dropped 2 scores on em. Julio doesn't even have a target lol"
Looks like Josh Allen has been figured out /s
"[again this is why titans fans are such douche bags](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/pl590n/schefter_ravens_fear_that_rb_gus_edwards_suffered/hcjs3vy?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

&#x200B;

mods can u ban this piece of shit.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Got this mf banned on the titans sub. Maybe they aren't as douches as we thought they were. u/WATPKingHenry suck it u queef"
"Titans getting booed at the half by the entire stadium 

**LMFAOOO**"
"JuJu got hit by that corvette corvette again LMAO 

Have fun on the Steelers fuckin dummy"
Steelers and Bills both looked dogshit
"Anyone else get annoyed that the Chiefs literally always play a perfect game against us? I mean obviously that falls on the Ravens too, but they seem to make mistakes against every team but us."
[Live look at the Cleveland Browns](https://a2.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fi%2Fteamlogos%2Fnfl%2F500%2Fatl.png)
Baker always good for that last minute INT!
classic Baker
Browns just browned
That felt good
Get Josh Allen out of the same conversation as Lamar
"OOF Titans fans booing for the FG, and then its missed lmao"
Watching juju get jacked up will never get old
"Fuck the Titans, lmao"
Now they are gonna think their team is good
As a ravens and cards fan.. I'm fucking LOVING this game lmao
The browns are gonna be a problem this year.
Why is it that KC looks normal against other playoff teams and then plays like the 2007 Pats against us?
Absolutely horrific roughing call against Za'Darius
Why is this incompetent chiefs defense about to hold us to 150 yards
WHY WOULD THE BROWNS CALL 3 STRAIGHT PASSES ON THAT DRIVE. YOU HAVE 4 RUSHING TDS. SO DUMB.
Fuck. The. Browns.
"Browns will be Browns

Seriously, they're handing this game to the Chiefs on a silver platter."
FUCK YOU CLEVELAND
Browns gonna Brown
Vintage Mayfield
BUSTER MAYFIELD MADE A BOO BOO!!!
Bakers gonna Browns
Bro I fucking hate KC they're gonna roll into the Bank next week and execute every single play
Deandre Hopkins is pretty good at football
Man I fucking love Diggs. Wish we had him :/
Man lamar would get so much bullshit his way if he made the throws allen has so far today
Allen is bailing the Steelers out
HAHA FUCK THE TITANS BAYBAY
The Tits are getting destroyed rn lmao love to see it
"Stay classy, Cleveland. LOL"
10 minutes into the new season and he’s already kicked out lol
I am not liking this year's Browns.
Damn we’re in trouble now.
"AFCN looking like a bloodbath like usual

REEEEEEEEEEEE"
Just Browns things
Browns find yet another way to secure another failure from the jaws of victory.
I was depressed until I saw the Steelers play now we have two bengals in our division
Fuck the titans 😍
Get fucked Titans
We ended the Titans
Oh no the Titans look like hot dogshit
Titans getting stunted on 🤣🤣🤣
PIT-BUF is an ugly football game.
I always want the division rival to lose but I don't mind seeing BUF lose either.
"LMAO the Titans are getting their backs blown out.

Been saying, as long as Tannehill is their QB and Vrabel is their HC and as long as their defense is complete ass juice, they will NEVER-and I mean NEVER- win a Super Bowl."
THE REFS CORRECTED THEIR MISTAKES????
"Cool, just what needed, an extra motivated Mahomes and co. rolling into the Bank next Sunday(if they end up getting blown out today)."
"come on mahomes

do some bullshit spin break sack for 90 yards that you do every fucking time you play us"
"As if things weren't already bad enough for the Packers, the refs go and rob them."
I’m just sick right now.
Mahomes with another one straight out his ass lol
"I know it's only one game. But Zeus is looking like shit on the left side for KC, right?"
Baker 😂😂😂😂😂
Spoiler: Mahomes is going to be 11-1 in September after next week.
We got a party to crash [next week](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate/status/1437197118847004679?s=19)
Elite josh allen overthrowing wide open receivers. Love to see it
"Watching the Cards, damn D Hop makes Kyler look so much better than he is"
If we don't win tomorrow the Bengals might end up as First Place in the AFC North...
Christian McCaffrey with 120 yards in the first half while Sam Darnold is having a game against his old team.
Lmfao Tennessee and Pittsburgh losing at the half… Love to see it
Titans are dog shit
Buffalo knocks us out and chokes against Steelers
Kyler just made up for that INT.  I hope AZ pours it on.
Titans are bonafide doo-doo stains
I don't want to over-react in Week 1 but dang Josh Allen / Ryan Tannehill can't win a game huh
Damn we really did the Titans in after last January huh. Yikes
"""Ben Roethlisberger a 39-year old being chased down by a 21-year old"" lmfao"
Bills what the fuck man
Eject this shitstain scrub
"Harrison Jr ejected, good, that fucker needed to be out"
If only anyone in the division would lose today.
thought packers game was one we lose but they look like ass right now
Now do what you always do to us
Vintage Cleveland.
Patriots fumbled at 11 yard line lol
Browns pulling a Browns once again.
LEZZZ GOOOOO BAYBEEEE
Browns gon Brown
"Browns are legit.  Anyone who thought otherwise is foolish.

That said, I'm laughing my @ss off.  Well deserved loss you cocky bunch.  Especially the ones who troll our sub."
"This aint the big ten, urban"
Steelers OL looks like ass.
Joe Burrow deserves better then having Taylor as a play caller and coach.
Prayers up to Ryan Fitzpatrick. Hopefully the hip.injury isnt season ending
"Let me just say, Chargers lucked the fuck out with getting Herbert"
"Titans are getting clowned hard by K1! 

Fuck the Titans!"
We exposed the titans
Lol more booing from titans fans
"5 punts. 54 total yards for the first half for Pittsburgh.

By god they’re awful"
Allen sure is not showing much as a passer.
Flock fam someone get that clip of Corvette getting fucking rocked
Maybe Allen should consider trying out at FB.
"Anyone else enjoy watching the cards? Especially since they are making Tannehill and Henry look sub par? I like Murray he reminds me of a Lamar, but budget"
chandler jones is FEASTING
"I feel like for all the praise Josh Allen’s arm gets, I haven’t really seen many passes longer than 10 yards."
Allen is very overrated
Touchdown again Arizona....thank you West Bird Bros
Can't tell if Steelers d is good or bills just regressing hard as fuck and suck
LMAOOOO BILLS
"Bills dogshit, how the fuck did we lose to them"
"When you see the Steelers and Titans both playing like shit… warms my soul lmao.

Neither of these teams are title contenders. Fucking bums."
5 sacks for Tanny lmfao!! Jfc the Titans look pathetic AF!!!!
"good vikings

finish it in ot"
Fuck the Steelers
browns walking right down the field
Baker is so cringe
at least titans got rolled
"How did he get away with punching a coach, AND the coach's team got flagged for it????"
"If the browns win this, tomorrow will feel like a must win. Am I wrong in thinking so ? I know it’s only week one."
"Am I high or do the cameras facing midfield from the end zones look like video game graphics? Also, I am kinda high."
KC = Booty
Useless chiefs
The Browns are looking legit this year
mahomes coming in to baltimore with an infinity gauntlet after this
When will the chiefs fall off? I’m surprised how much of their talent they’re able to return. I woulda thought cap hell would catch up to them. Props to their office
I'm glad Judon isn't still making these roughing penalties on the Ravens.
"I have Jameis Winston with like 30 points on my bench right now. Benched in favor of Lamar, obv."
How can one man be this lucky
"Come on, Mahomes. Do your Mahomes thing."
"#CHIEFS

#PLEASE

#I BEG YOU"
Baker is not fucking elite!!!!
"Steelers defense feasting all game

Where you at Joshy? Can't bail your team out like Lamar can eh? LMAO"
"steelers didnt win

the bills lost

story of the game

but allen getting a pass for it"
"Watching games so far, AFC North is going to be tough this year."
The Steelers look bad all day and pull out a win. Bengals look great and are gonna find a way to lose. Reminder that coaching and organizational stability makes a huge difference.
"So all the other AFC North teams are going to win today, huh"
We had a solid chance of all other AFCN teams going 0-1 and now they might all be 1-0 smh
Here it is. Thx
Josh Allen looks really bad. Overthrows and a fumble. I'm sure ESPN is already writing up production notes with excuses.
Tits getting absolutely worked has rid me of my Sunday scaries
Who’s our RT again? TJ Watt lookin scary…
I remember some people said Chandler Jones was washed and we shouldn’t trade for him hahhahahhahsha
"""King"" Henry currently has 6 carries, for 6 yards.

Edit, now 7 carries, 8 yards lol

Edit, now 8 carries, 9 yards"
harris cant do shit lmaoooooooooooo
Titans run game is absolutely abysmal. So much for kInG hEnRY
Titans D is absolute garbage as well. K1 has all the time in the world to throw
Titans washed
# TITANS LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
first place houston texans
Always happy to see Tyrod Taylor cooking up
Tygod
"Cool job PIT, only took you 34 minutes to score 3 pts"
I’m kinda pissed that the Bengals are probably gonna win today
Washington really does just sacrifice their QBs to the football gods every season don't they
some dumbassery from kyler gifting the tits a touchdown
Bills throwing now
tanneLOL
Bengals and Steelers ahead ☠️
Fucking Bills
you gonna let that old fuck out run you
If you turn on the Eagles game it’s the Bengals game now.
goddammit kirk
bengals vikings gonna tie bruh?
Man 1 drive got me thinking KC might go 0-2😏
Feeling a tad better about the OBJ trade after watching a few drives so far.
I think KC comes back and wins.
lmao wtf just saw Chandler Jones had 5 sacks. That's fucking insane
"Every year I take too much stock in week 1. That’s why we play the games. So yea I’m a little freakin out about the browns, but it’s a looooonnnggg season. (Literally longest ever). So just gotta have faith in the purple"
Jeudy's ankle went to heaven
Tyran and Frank will magically be healthy next week against us lol
Is Rodgers gonna go out with a whimper?
z just got fucking robbed by the refs
"Well I've never experienced a week 1 as bad as this without the Ravens even playing yet... Ever. It's unreal, heartbreaking injuries followed by the rest of the AFCN going 3-0 against good competition"
Finally one of those happens
Brown tied his career high in pressures allowed
Lol baker
THANK YOU HUGHES
Ingram coming up with a TD.
These Arizona plays just make me wonder how Lamar would do if he had a receiver the caliber of Nuk Hopkins. Man is insane
I like allen... I just wonder if he'll be criticized for these passes.
Why are the AFCN teams winning
Watching Russ and Kyler get bailed out on consecutive plays by unreal WR play makes me feel for Lamar
"Allen is looking bad.

Three overthrown passes and two were shoe in TDs. 2 errant screens, and bad pocket presence so far.

Ben looks cooked, and Steelers OL is piss poor. Their D will get them to 8 wins at least.

Titans getting spanked on O and D is pure bliss"
"Well, looks like TJ Watt is showing why he just got $122 mil..."
burrow finally found chase for a catch lol
jared goofball in midseason form
The amount of penalties in this bills game
"Rookie WRs making some plays, makes me sad we're missing our guy"
Fuck the Titans
I think the ravens broke the titans run game
"finally bills

jesus fuck"
So once the chiefs blow the browns out. We will be 1st place assuming the vikings come back before playing a game lol
"odell out

and tyrann"
TikTok just got blown the fuck up AGAIN
"tuddy cardinals

beauty from kyler"
AZ interception!! Fuck the Titans!
Goddammit Buffalo
what the fuck was that
Titans D looking pathetic af lol
Tyrod cooking rn 🔥😭 . Imagine if he has a mvp type season in Houston
FIVE SACKS FOR JONES
Herbert is a scary dude. His throws are so gorgeous
that's game
Cleveland strikes first
goddamit vikings
Frank Clark being out for KC is enormous for the Browns and Ravens. They’re gonna get smoked in the run game.
That was a great effort by CEH
"Holy shit

Browns player shoved a coach and KC got the penalty

The fuck????"
"We’re struggling bad, trailing 10-0."
This is the type of shit that makes you hate football
"Uhhhh KC

You wanna maybe….dominate like usual?"
I’m speechless ….what is this I am seeing
"Browns fans, ""We are beating the chiefs by 12 in the second quarter.""

So what you're saying is the game is tied if not Browns losing."
The Brown's defense regrettably looks formidable.
My dumb ass picked up Saquon Barkley and Melvin Gordon in fantasy. The Broncos and Giants both look so bad and it's extremely boring to watch. At least I got Lamar and MAndrews going tomorrow.
There is no Defense being played in this game lol
I don't understand why Tim Patrick is good now
Damn I was expecting Rodgers to come out on fire
"I’m convinced Tony Romo is from the future. As soon as he says something, it happens"
It makes me sick that the damn Patriots got Mac Jones at 15. Looks like a steal.
wow chiefs are unbelievable
Jordan love has his first completion to A. Rodgers.
Mahomes and steph curry got the same disease where they look 15 years old the rest of their life
The brownies lost but damn they looked good first half.... scary
"Things I loved:

Steelers & Titans playing terrible

Big Ben playing horrendous ( I hate this man so much)

The Bills looking a hot mess

Tyrod Taylor have a good game. I am not a Houston fan obviously but good for him

Kyler Murray & D-Hop playing like crazy so fun to watch

Andy Dalton being Andy Dalton & and the Jaguars being the Jaguars

&#x200B;

Things I hated:

Tom Brady & The Bucs I am so sick of them. Seriously the day him and Gronk are off my damn screen will be a blessing.

The fact that we are gunna be missing so many of our guys with all these injuries :(

Rams looking potentially dangerous. Was hoping it would take Stafford time to adjust. Clearly he is doing just fine..."
List of streams for our game against the Raiders if anyone needs https://nflstreamsliven.blogspot.com/2021/09/las-vegas-raiders-vs-baltimore-ravens.html
Fuck this piece of shit opening day
Ref bailout for noodle arm ben
Steelers  up
Why do I have this strange premonition that tomorrow night will be an upset? All these analysts and their stupid articles are getting to me! WEEK 1 jitters suck
"Burrow looks good idk if it’s just against the vikes but eh either way. Steelers look like shit, I’d be surprised it they win more than 5 games this year. Titans getting routed by the Cards. It’s a good day.

-edit- Also, Tyrod SZN."
"Steelers getting bailed out by the refs, fuck off. FUCK THE STEELERS"
Murray might be the mvp this season. Already 5tds my goodness
Let's go Chiefs.  Hope the Browns lose big.
I'm watching browns at chiefs and browns look scary.
"Drive down and get 3 for scorigami
Pleaseigami"
come on kirk
"I'm switching between Steelers-Bills and Seahawks-Colts to avoid commercials. Browns-Chiefs later on. Hate this waiting around to watch the Ravens, but thankfully only two MNFs for us this year (other one is the Colts)."
Canada running bunch like a madden tryhard lol
I only get the eagles and Washington. Guess I'm watching Washington :(
damn Tyrod and Ingram both with TDs on Jacksonville
Dropson is hurt.
"texans best team in south

i've seen enough"
Rothelisberger looks old. Steelers O looking bad
Good to see Trevor get his first TD
Does anyone know why streams always pause?
Oh ben u dinosaur
Ben finna throw for 50 interceptions this season
https://twitter.com/SharpFootball/status/1437123992276639749
lol
holy shit scary terry
"So is vikings defense just bad today?

Burrow is looking like he never left"
thielen tuddy on 4th down
8yrds for Henry. 8 fucking yards lmfao!!!
Is Minnesota trash or do we need to be concerned about Cincinnati now?
zach wilson finally allowed to play the game
bullshit
Wasn’t that pierre a undrafted kid
dalvin cook tuddy
Browns or Chiefs?
Burrow has been phenomenal today. This would actually be a very good win for Cinci.
"holy shit, if the lions pull this off..."
"alright kirk

let's go"
Why do the Bengals always tie?
THEYRE GONNA FUCKING TIE
How tf is that a fumble
tua made it look EASY
[deleted]
We’re in danger of going down 17-0.
That end zone camera in the browns game looks good asf
rodgers should have left?
Anyone else see that baby graphic in the KC/CLE game? They didn't have to do them like that lol
Manifesting a safety here...
At the pats game. 😴😴😴
Lol wtf is Miami doing
*that almost worked.*
"Man the Packers and Rodgers look like total ass

RodgerstoJordy you good fam?"
"Chiefs are gonna be good this season regardless, let’s hope they clutch this against the Brons"
thank you kelce
daniel jones is a fucking moron lmao
God damn that Stat That commercial. Don’t remind me of JK!
Lmao thanks Chub
[deleted]
If browns win were officially fucked in this division with our injuries
Stefanski looks like a pedo
Ha! The midget Baker! He is not 1/10 of the player Mahomes is (or Lamar).
Chandler Jones bout to walk into Cardinals front office with a blank check at this point right now...love to see it against Tenn.
"I understand we all hate the browns but that whole situation was bullshit, Harrison tripped and then gets pushed by a coach. He obviously shouldn’t have retaliated but that coach should have at least got ejected as well."
""
"I’ve had success using a VPN to put me in Europe than buying the international version of game pass. This allows for live streaming games. 

Only catch is making sure the VPN bandwidth is enough to accommodate streaming with out fading out or loosing definition.

Edit:  didn’t read carefully. I use VPN unlimited"
nflbite.com will have every stream. No VPN necessary. The government doesn’t have the manpower to go after illegal streamers.
"Hi all - question for those of you familiar with kickoff parties for the season. I’ll be attending tomorrow evening before the game then watching from the stadium with some friends, and saw locals All Time Low will be performing. How long/short is a set for these events? Are we looking at something like 3-4 of the most popular songs, or a 9-10 song show (Similar to what Ed Sheeran did Thursday)?

Thanks so much!"
Watching the game? Got a comment?
Shocker: Steelers Oline is horrible.
"Despite the score, the Bills line is giving Allen tons of time. Their offense looks improved. 

Pittsburgh looks the same to me so far…"
"Both Josh and Ben looking pretty pedestrian. Lots of holding calls, lots of dropped balls. Game is still 3-0"
Color commentary is pretty weak. Not a fan of Charles Davis. Doesn’t really add much besides recap of play by play and speculation. Nothing technical.
Forgot how much I enjoy seeing the Steelers fuck up. Josh Allen is nice with it
"I’m woefully unimpressed by Buffalo, can’t believe they beat us last year. They are entirely 1 dimensional. 

Pittsburgh looks about the same to me. Have no line whatsoever."
"I can't tell if the Steelers D is doing well or if Allen is just shaking off the rust, they should be up 24-0 right now but the dude keeps missing his guys wide open down field"
Ben looks awful
Steelers defensive line is killing the Bills OL and the Steelers OL sucks both in general.  This is going to be a low scoring game.
Not a Squeeler fan but their D looks scary
"Man that Bills offensive line is terrible. 4 man rush every play, crazy pressure every play."
My only comment is fuck the Bills. They played like shit and made some very shit decisions.
Ben’s arm seems to be as weak as last year. That’s good news for us…
"Yeah, Bills need to stop going for these flashy plays at 3rd and 1 and just focus on getting the first
Down"
Ben looks old.
"54 total yards for the whole first half makes me smile.

Fuck the Steelers"
Fuck the Steelers
Steelers blackout hats look like it's a big yellow zero.
Lol josh Allen’s scrambles are so weak compared to Lamar!!!
"Typical team playing the Steelers, make stupid decisions and let them back in.  It is like teams play them to lose."
why the fuck you over throwing deep all game when you got this
Allen looks like dirt. Need to give him that same energy they give Lamar when he struggles
Najee Harris is really proving pff wrong when they ranked him 20th coming into this year.
Bills need to quit screwing around and put this game away. Vikings letting Bungles run all over them. We don't need PIT and CIN both starting out 1-0.
Are the Bills going to blow this game?
allen gonna get hurt running like that all game /s
I'm not going another year with Pitt winning games like this 🤦🏼‍♂️
Bills o line is struggling against Pittsburgh. Steelers D tough or Bills line sus?
"wow

who could have guessed the steelers offense would be shit with no line and ben returning"
Someone get that clip of Juju getting fucking destroyed
Plays like that make me appreciate John's ability to draw up trick plays 🤣
bills lost right there
I hate watching the Steelers play because it’s literally just Ben trying to play hero ball
Ben isn’t very nimble
Heeeeey there's Eric EButterfingers I didn't think he was still there
Josh Allen is playing like he’s been reading all the stories about his big arm; he’s trying to constantly showcase it.
I can’t get into this game. I’m not seeing anything spectacular besides Juju getting blown up
Bills better put it together. I have them in my suicide pool!
Fuck the bills and their fans
Huge play by that juiced up Watt brother…
Wow what a catch by Claypool!!
Wow Washington really is where QBs go to die
They should feed Najee. Boy is gonna be depressed if Ben keeps trying to air it out all the time.
Have any season ticket holders tried to watch Redzone in the NFL app with their season ticket holder account connected?  I've never had an issue doing this for the last few seasons but today it's not working.  I got the email saying that Redzone is again included this year for season ticket holders so not sure what's going on.  I signed out and back in and then reinstalled the app but nothing is working.
Same issue here. Glad to know it’s not just me.
NFL Fantasy isn't working either. Seems they're having issues with their servers.
I'm having the same problem. I'm a new season ticket holder so I thought I wasn't doing something right.
I put a support ticket in earlier and they replied back just now that they're aware of and working on the issue.
"Glad its not just me, my irate rage has been tempered only slightly."
Same issue for me as well. Hopefully they release an app update soon to fix this
Me too. They should compensate us by finally allowing us to cast it this year. Which is already bull shit that we can’t considering we pay for season tickets.
Same thing here
Got email from NFL today asking about their service for my problem.  Had to laugh as I’ve received nothing saying if it’s been fixed or not.  Suggested they have a Redzone preseason to determine who in their IT department to cut or keep.
Does anyone know how to tell if the app is fixed? All I see is the ability to still purchase it in the NFL app but I should have it since my season ticket account is linked. I’m curious what it would look like in the app if it was working.
Same problem here. Still can’t get it
So Sunday at 10am PST we all get furious again?
This is bullshit
"Falcons season ticket holder checking in here, any luck from anybody? I’ve updated and relinked my account multiple times and I don’t think I’ve got it to work…"
Not working today for me either (Texans STM)… frustrating. I’ve done everything I possibly can. If someone figures it out let us know.
Titans STM here. Can't figure it out either. I also have my YTTV account connected to the app but not sure if that does anything.
Is everyone here on iOS?
"Philly season ticket holder still not working on app.  Linked and unlinked, uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times.

Did all this on wife's phone too, no fucking luck.

Fuck NFL and their garbage tech."
Still not working here for Texans sth
Still not working.  Who to contact?
"Doesnt work for me either, even with new update"
"I'm still having issues. I even tried their ""reset"" instructions. gamepass set up seemed to work with the promo code. Wish RedZone made it easier"
"Seahawks STH here, not working for me either. So frustrating"
Not working again
Not working for falcons either
"Washington here.....not working either. On verizon and when you do the signin in via TicketMaster with season ticket holder info it just gets stuck.

I guess I shouldn't feel guilty about using an IPTV service for NFL Direct Ticket now...."
Not working… Bears STH
Not working here in Buffalo.
"Baltimore, Android, also not working. Was considering dishing out the $35 for mobile red zone and then asking for a refund once they fix the season ticket holder version, but I can't imagine that refund process being at all easy or quick."
Not working Rama LA
Vikings STM - nothing again second week in a row.
Raiders ticket holder here. Not working for me either. Just opened a service request. They do not make that process easy.
Still not working for me. 2 weeks in a row.
Chargers season ticket holder. Not working here either.
Raiders season ticket holder here having the same problem for the first time in 6 seasons....
Same issue here with Raiders season ticket account. 2nd week in a row.
49ers STM here. Still hasn’t worked for me either. Had to start a trial from Hulu just to watch redzone. Hopefully this gets fixed by next week.
Still not working...
"I got an email from the NFL this morning saying this should be fixed.  Remove app, reinstall, and link season ticket account.  We'll see in a few hours."
"I received the following update to my service request this morning. Hopefully it works:  
  
Hello. We have an update on your RedZone season ticket access  
  
We believe this issue has been resolved.  
  
Please delete and download the app to make sure you are on the most up-to-date version (56.1.2.) Once the new app is downloaded, connect your season tickets. Once the first slate of games starts you should see RedZone in the NFL app.  
  
We thank you for your patience."
NFL Redzone finally working for me as a Chicago Bears season ticket holder!
It works now!
Yay. Working for Carolina STH too.
Texans STM working finally and without being connected to my tv subscriber.
"Colts STM here, is everyone able to get access to redzone and gamepass now ? I’m still having trouble gettting connected. Iv linked my Ticketmaster account and my NFL account, but it’s still requesting that I pay and everything is locked."
Chargers STM and still having issues connecting as well. Will try when the games start
I was just told by the Giants that I have to be in stadium and connected to their Wi-Fi in order to enjoy this benefit. I cannot imagine how it is a benefit if I am there in the stadium to watch a live game.
""
"I could have swore when the team started we had three mascots, Edgar, Allen, and Poe. I'm I misremembering like this is some Mandela Effect or did that really happen?"
""
🔥🔥🔥 LFG!!!
""
Sick
Where do I send all of my money pls
I've heard of people not washing their lucky jerseys but you definitely shouldn't put that in the wash haha
U made this yourself?
[deleted]
"It isn’t for everyone, targeted more at instagram fans, but that is fine. No one has to watch it. I am glad they have it though, my wife likes it and it keeps her in the loop"
Sorry. I actually love that young lady who runs the show! Her name escapes me.
Yes.
Honestly don’t like the “Let’s Gooooooooo”. Pretty annoying
[deleted]
Welcome back and fuck the Steelers!
"Just go watch the Ravens 2019 highlights, and you will be caught up"
Lamar Jackson
Why’d you switch to soccer!?
""
"Guy has terrible luck, poor guy never gets calls haha, but he is a solid starter"
tyrod and mark out there
Ravens and Hokie fans rejoice
"…always a Raven.

Guy’s killing it out there. 757 represent!"
He looks fantastic
Mark Ingram also had a fantastic game. Obviously the Texans aint winning a ring but I really want him to get to 10K yds before his career is done.
Proof that you don't even need healthy lungs to own the Jags
YESSIRRR
"I would say he got em, got em good"
"Lol just realized you posted this. Congrats on the banger, Lauren."
""
"tITan uP lol

Clearly Julio chose the wrong team."
Getting crushed
Yes
[deleted]
Go coach a game
Obligatory “Fuck the Titans” thread
You watch this version of them and you wonder how they manage to cause us so much trouble.
Titans are horrible the texans look like the best team in their division rn
"Marcus Peters is proud. They're getting stomped out good and proper, Chandler Jones with a GOAT esque performance. 

Julio chose the wrong team."
Chandler Jones is their daddy
Josh Allen MVP candidate? LMAO
Lmfao bills getting stomped. Unfortunately it’s the Steelers but the bills looking more and more like a fluke team
I could be off but I don’t think it’s just a one week thing — they lost their OC didn’t they? We of all teams know how much that can affect things.
"""Unstoppable offense"" is all they were described in the off-season."
I was told they fixed there defense lol.
"Also, in other news, Josh Allen overrated af"
"It was pure gold, i wish i could bottle that feeling because holy fuck were they atrocious on every front & facet imaginable. The Oline was laughably bad, mind you AZ defense is much improved this season but still..i literally burst out laughing at some of the lack of heart and hustle from almost every player after the 1st half. These guys talk so much & have done absolutely nothing in decades. 

I cant wait to watch them play ""defense"" next week lmao!!!!! Russ gonna pick those boys apart on the edge with their 10 yard cushions everytime!

Titans are ass yall!"
Fuck the Titans.
The best thing so far today.
"Love to see them lose, but I'm not judging anything based on Week 1."
"Hell yes.

Fuck the Steelers."
"I respect the Steelers.  I feel pity for the Bengals and am glad to see their future looking bright.  Fuck the Titans.  Fuck the Bills.  Fuck the Chiefs.

Edit: first and foremost, fuck those smug ass Browns."
"I literally can't stand the sight of Mike Vrabel and we all know he thinks the Titans are tougher than the Ravens, so today's smackdown by the Cardinals was my favorite game of the day. !!!k"
Titans are a garbage team and a garbage organization. Who cares?
In other delightful news: Baker’s gonna Baker.
Hopefully they won't even make the playoffs 😁
They looked fucking awful. Made the Cardinals shit D look elite
Ha ha! The balloon popped pretty quickly eh?
This aged nicely
Chandler
"With what cap? Lol, this isn’t madden. Houston cost 2mil, Chandler would be multiple picks including a 1st and costs 20 a year"
"he's balling out because he wants to be paid

literally zero way we get him lmfao"
"Keep your judgement until we see Houston and Odafe.

I feel they're gonna be a huge part of the D."
""
Probably posted in Eagles sub about Hurts.
🙏
""
"Marcus Peters would be proud. Titans looked fucked up front, continue to run it to Henry way too much and Julio only has 3 catches for 29 yards."
He's about to get a massive contract
Now if only we can do that 😅.
Lmao pretty much… almost like their OL isn’t any good
""
 Very nice!
It's only foolish if it doesn't work.
Where do you find these ?
Sacrifice them lungs for the greater good!
🔥🔥🔥
""
For everyones awareness this is an agreement between pretty much every team sub.
Cool man.  Way to go.
"Disgusting, you never wish injury on anyone."
An easier course of action would be to not do into their sub and just ignore any obnoxious fans.
Im not gonna ignore any of these trolls and idiots coming in our house and say stupid stuff. We Ravens dont tolerate that nonsense. Run em up outta here. 🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️
“Messaged the mods” you dork
""
Fuck The Steelers but watching all the allen fanboys get silenced was satisfying
"Like most teams in the NFL, they play the Steelers like they wanted to lose.  Bills had some really foolish coaching."
This dudes a fucking weirdo. Go back to your own sub
Why is this on the Ravens sub?? Lmao
"It’s week 1.  not worried bout the Steelers they’ll eventually collapse and play down to their competition and lose games they’re not supposed to lose. Big Ben played horrible today, refs made some questionable ass calls all game long."
"OP with some weird energy posting this here and then linking to it in the Steelers subreddit. Do we live so rent free in your heads, bud?"
"Why was this linked? Like our opinions are biased n shit and we got mutual respect, but you forget that it’s the Browns we all despise"
Comments and observations
"Regardless of AFC record implications, if the Browns win - just imagine how insufferable their fanbase is going to be about it. They're already obnoxiously cocky about the hype for this season.

I live in OH. I won't be able to leave the house."
Jesus Christ the chiefs have the worst defense in the league at the moment
Landry is so punchable
Stat that commercial with Dobbins is going to get depressing after the millionth time it's aired by next week
Stay classy browns
"How'd the refs miss Harrison shoving the Chiefs coach

The Chiefs coach should be ejected too for shoving Harrison"
If the browns win this I'm going to cry myself to sleep
Lol I see Aaron Rodgers last Dance canceled after season premiere.
Baker moving the ball well apparently
Of course KC will shit the bed week one but then come out guns blazing next week
The camera effects are crazy com8ng back from commercial. The iso focus with blurred background. Looks like a video game.
Maybe the Super Bowl loser curse is real
Catching the Dophins/Pats game looks like a lot of empty seats in Foxboro
Arrowhead is BUMPING
Stepping on a down player and shoving a coach. Stay classy Cleveland.
"They should eject the chiefs coach too for pushing the browns player, right?"
Note for next week..cover Tyreek Hill
"This just in:

# THE BROWNS STILL SUCK!"
"Was it really am incredible game for baker? Sure he was efficient, but what's the point of empty yards if you throw 0 tds and pick when the team needs you most?"
Browns gonna brown
Browns players being trash already. What a horric act by Harrison!
Its all set up for us to lose this week : / just feels like it
THEY CALLED THAT ON KANSAS CITY?
Browns looking good for real.
Chiefs defense playing like Swiss cheese rn
Sad to see Orlando playing for kc…
CBS got two good late games. FoX got trash
Baker pounding the field after the pic should be a meme
BAKER BAKER TURNOVER MAKER
Great game!
Orlando Brown was a rotating turnstile. I know he was going against Myles Garrett but give me Stanley any day of the week
The browns are looking better than we ever have against the chiefs and it’s cause they have an OC that knows how to call a pass game
"Props to Cleveland OC, calling plays that are working."
I want the chiefs to win so they're less vengeful week 2 lol
Browns are falling apart. Gah damn!
Lol. Probably still could have gotten it off if he tried too.
Holy cow browns!
This is probably gonna be one of those 52-51 games since Defense isn't happening for either team. Especially if the Browns are just going to go for 2
Browns pass defense and defense overall looks awful
Holy crap big pass from mayfield. Dude was not even covered!!!
I got the over
Holy crap if the browns score again before half time. Did not want to have to sweat them this season. Maybe they’ll turn into old browns in the 2nd half?
"Interesting to see how well we play Waller this week, cause it’s a step up next week with Kelce. Do not want Kelce to bury us."
"Lol if not only do Chiefs come back to win, but cover (they need a FG)"
How is Ward never getting called for DPI on Tyreek?
"At the end of the day,  Browns be browns."
There was some clown last week in a thread I can’t find saying Tanenhill is Elite 😂😂😂😂😂 omg that fucker is stupid
Yea typical browns hater talking shit because their brains can't possible entertain the thought that the browns are a top team now. Probly a Pittsburgh ass eater that lives in Ohio.
The browns arent actually good? Right?
And here come the Chiefs… uf.
Good stop by the browns on 3rd and long.
""
No excuse from me. Bills played like trash. The o-line got exposed a little. Bills never could handle physical teams. Josh was erratic all game.
If we somehow lose tomorrow we’re already going to be getting bashed by everyone. But tomorrow Josh Allen ain’t going to get bashed everyone’s going to say it’s only week 1.. smh
"I moved from BMore back to my high school town in BillsMafia territory. Everyone i work with is a Bills fan. They all know I'm a Ravens fan... debating how to play this tomrw... when we haven't played yet. All this hype over Josh really irks me. I think Lamar is better. I'll just wear my Lamar jersey tomrw, abs not day a word..."
"I do agree Lamar gets treated way more harshly than Josh, but I just wish this example could be with a different QB.

I like Josh and the Bills too much."
It's just weird how Lamar Jackson is treated like a fluke and Josh Allen is treated like the next elite quarterback. Neither player deserves that treatment.
Honestly who gives a shit
It should be less about Josh than it is the media.
"He's Joe 2.0

And just so we're clear I've always been a huge Joe Flacco support. 

He's better than average"
"Egh, no hate for Allen or the Bills and their fans. He deserves the credit he got and he’s not responsible for the jerkoffs who hold Lamar to higher standards for reasons we all know."
If Lamar was in his place he’d get bashed nonstop despite having an MVP
"Morons! Always propping up this kid. What has he really done other than throwing the ball in Diggs' vicinity last year? Diggs is the Buffalo Bills. He was last year and will be this year too. If he regresses, Allen is back to being a 50% passer."
This reaction is embarrassing. So sensitive over stupid shit.
The media calling that Steelers Def elite is a fucking stretch. The Bills gave away that win
"I am a Lamar fan and have probably been a fan of this team longer than 80% of the people on here, but why is it that if you guys don’t hear the media praise Lamar at least three times a day, then you slip into fetal position and forget how to function?

Nobody can give a good reason for hating Josh Allen other than the fact that the media speaks highly of him and he gets compared to Lamar. Does everyone forget how much positive attention Lamar got in 2019 and 2020? He slipped up a bit in 2020 whereas Allen excelled, so yeah, Allen is going to get some attention.

Haven’t even played a single regular season game yet and everyone is already crying about Lamar not getting any attention."
"I'll give you one: It's one game. Lamar's had bad games. Everyone (except maybe Mahomes) has bad games.

Edit: Holy shit. Y'all really upset I'm not getting out my pitchfork?"
😂😂😂
"Can we stop this chip on our shoulder nonsense every time Baker, Allen, or Mahomes has a bad game? Just because the media is unfair on Lamar doesn't mean we have to project outrage onto other teams."
“This is the year the League figures out Josh Allen.”
""
The browns were this good when we played them on monday night they were legit last year too
Did anyone not see this coming? Stefanski is a good coach and the roster is one of the best in paper
Browns got that beastly ass offensive line that’s why they’re looking so good. I’m scared a little lol.
"Cleveland was a good team last year too.  They came up short against the Chiefs in the playoffs, but they smacked the shit out of the Steelers.  They're definitely a threat in the AFC North."
That or chiefs pass defense sucks but so far unfortunately the shits look legit and so do the damn bees
This isnt an overreaction at all. With all our injuries and them getting healthy they're probably the best team in the AFC North.
Anyone who thought they wouldn’t be good was smoking some purple colored crack
"They were due. Everyone has their time eventually. Even the browns. We just gotta get in the playoffs, and anything can happen"
"If you aren't afraid of the Browns, you haven't been paying attention."
"They are a good team. It's possible to root against them but also realize they are one of the top teams now. I feel like a lot of people are so desperate to say ""same old Browns"" and make fun of them, but that's just setting yourself up for disappointment, most likely."
If anyone thinks it's LOLBrowns this year I'm not sure what team you've been watching the last year. They're gonna be tough to beat this season.. I'm worried they might sweep up with the way the schedule is set up
"Alternatively, have you considered this? Fuck the Browns. Can't wait to see them Browns it up and find a way to suck this year."
Not an overreaction. For the Steelers or Browns. Offenses look improved and Good luck to any team blocking the combinations of Clowney and Garret/Watt and Ingram.
It’s been justified for over a year
"The Steelers and Bengals already won, and the Browns look well on their way. Two of those wins would come on the road against the two teams everyone has pegged coming out of the AFC, Bills and Chiefs. Absolute nightmare start to the season for Baltimore."
Steelers were 11-0 last year.  Just sayin'.
Browns are good we can’t be holding onto the past no more fellas. Baker really boutta beat Mahomes before Lamar wow.
This post got kinda funny over the last few minutes.
"This looked exactly like last year’s Browns to me.  Above average offense when balanced, great run game can take the sails out of opponent’s by burning clock, yet give up unconscionable TDs in the deep secondary repeatedly and make bonehead penalties… and thus consistently play close games.  

They’re the most volatile team in the league in many ways because they’re good enough to win 80% of the games they walk onto the field for, but seem to win about 60% instead"
They'll fuck it up. They always do
The team I respect. The fans act like Eddie Murphy in trading places. But I will forever root against them.
That’s what happens when you put the ball in bakers hands with the game on the line
Ha ha! Cleveland remains Cleveland. A cess pool for fans and teams alike.
[removed]
""
"Can we not, it would be different if they were a rival or a team that didn't absolutely destroy us last season"
Damn that’s cold lol
I get this reference dot jaypeg
Probably a good thing we traded him
"He was bailed out a lot last year by Lamar, he allowed a pressure a game, on a mobile qb, when Stanley allowed 1 all season. It was a steal of a trade honestly, but I love him as a RT and a person so I wish him the best"
Judon wasn’t great today either
Lamar helped him so much because you couldn’t just pass rush Lamar like a normal pass rusher.
Proof that he’s not a fucking left tackle 😂
He’s missing assignments and The result is Garrett is in the Chiefs backfield untouched . Not a good first half for him.
Anyone else notice that the broadcast denoted him as a rookie at the start of the game? Seemed almost like a weird omen haha.
"damn, just hate to see it 🤭"
Hes going against Myles Garrett lmao
Guys I hear ya but it’s only one game.
He just got beat around the edge by Garrett
I mean he’s coming from a run first offense it’s gonna take him time to adjust
"Guys, be better. Appreciate what he did for us, no need to shit on him for having a bad game. Focus more on how awesome our old boys Tyrod and Ingram looked instead. We are better than this."
Lmao just allowed a key sack. He really is ass
Yeah but its not like Bateman balled out today either....
"He was always going to be ass protecting on the left side. On the right side and as a run blocker for the Ravens, not so much."
"He has always had trouble with the speed rush, it will be Gloria this season with KC who throw a lot."
CBS listed him as a rookie in the lineup!
"🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ oh well, so sad. I’m happy with the draft picks"
Have you heard him rap tho?
""
"Bills, Steelers, Chiefs and Browns all look very legit.  Gonna be tough sledding.  Team needs to come together.  Coaching needs to really execute well.  Gonna be very challenging and exciting."
"""Hold onto your butts"""
"Did you see the Bills Steelers game?

Though it’s unfair to make any real assessments after 1 week."
The Browns have the best offensive line in the league. Chubb isn't touched at the LOS and Baker has all day to throw. They're going to be tough to beat.
"AFC has way better teams 

All 4 NFC West teams could make the playoffs because as a whole the rest of the NFC sucks outside TB"
Steelers had some dogshit offense. Their D saved that game for them completely.
"Bengals play a solid game today as well. Zach Wilson impressed me, I think his team really let him down today. Decent day of football. Excited to watch Matt Stafford lead Rams"
"Bills didn’t look legit today.  Josh Allen’s deep ball accuracy was bad and his downfield ball’s while in the vicinity of the WRs were poorly placed.  Honestly the Chiefs, Browns and Steelers look scary but the Bills absolutely do not like a mediocre defense with a mediocre OL and a QB that’s seemingly regressed from being elite that’s a playoff team given there weapons but it’s a first round exit."
Gotta admit Chubb and Hunt are studs. Lost count of how many broken tackles. You can credit Chiefs for bad tackling but great running backs have a knack for causing bad tackles.
Idk I mean Ben looked pretty old today lol
The browns look legit man
Bills dont look that legit lmao. Browns look the most improved and impressive for sure
"I expect Ben and the Steelers to be good early but regress late like they did last year. Bills should get their shit together, they have great players and a great coaching staff. Browns have a loaded roster but I don’t believe Baker is an elite qb. Chiefs are still a heavy favorite imo. Us, Colts, Dolphins, and Chargers should be teams to watch down the line as well. I feel like the Titans are going to regress this year with the OC change"
"Steelers are a paper tiger. Their defense is good but captain fatfuck on offense doesnt worry me. Bills called an absolutely stupid game. Chiefs, Browns, yes for sure, very worried."
"Idk what Bills Steelers game you watched. They both had glaring weaknesses especially the Bills. The Steelers have an elite defense as we expected but the offense was dogshit. The Chiefs are the Chiefs, 3rd quarter explosion and all. The Browns look really good. I think we fit somewhere in with the Chiefs and Browns, assuming injuries don't fuck us over too hard"
Watch put for Chargers as well. Herbert is scary good
My takeaway was that the bills and Steelers offense were booty
""
"Start with ""can tavon young stay healthy""?"
"it’s been so long since he’s been healthy i honesty forgot how good he was. He def was solid in the slot, hasn’t had much chance to take a step in being elite. he hasn’t played in the regular season for like two years now so it’s hard to tell where he’s at right now"
Imo he’s never been healthy long enough to even get a gauge of that tbh 😂
"By elite do you mean like a top 5 or 10 CB?

If so then no."
"He's a playmaker without a doubt, maybe he's just been lucky but sometimes I'd rather have someone lucky than good. For playing less than 1500 defensive snaps, 7 turnovers and 2 TDs is elite in my book. Only problem is staying healthy is a skill and he doesn't have that"
Yes. Can be one of the best slot corners
Yes but his play style isn’t conducive to staying healthy at his size.
If Tavon can stay healthy I could easily see him as a top 10 cb in the league.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I wanna say unbelievable, but is it?"
This is why they are the clowns
Yes..This is true lol
Browns gonna brown
The Brownest punt attempt I've ever seen. Old school Football Follies.
Anyone else hoping for a tie?
"Easy now skeeter, we don't ever play too well against KC so let's hold our horses."
The browns are legitimately good. Sucks for them that they could’ve beaten the chiefs but I’m not mad about it
Well they’re playing the Chiefs and I thought they played a good game and had a shot to win the game. I hate them though
""
How is this a question? We need to win the division for the chiefs record to impact us.
Chiefs 100%
Rhymes with Reefs
Well we are in one of the toughest divisions in football that isn’t anything close to a guaranteed division title for anyone. We need the Browns and Steelers to lose as much as possible and hopefully we don’t look right past them like this post seems to be doing.
""
"Quietly, I cannot express this enough"
They're in a one possession game against the defending AFC Champs in their house. It's not like they're getting blown out by the New York Jets. I'd be thrilled if we put up just as good of a fight vs KC next week.
I thought Cleveland was one mistake away from winning.  I’m not laughing.  I’m shit scared.
Tony Romo is public enemy #1 on the Brown Stains board. lol
Someone in that thread literally compares Mahomes to Curry and Baker to Lebron. LMAOOO
Strip club trip with your wife’s brother rules - LOOK BUT DONT TOUCH
"Quietly read and don’t troll, save that fir the warzone that is r/NFL"
BAKER BAKER TURNOVER MAKER
[deleted]
"Hey all, moved to Northern VA since last season and looking for a Ravens friendly bar. I live in the Fairfax area if there are any local. 

Thanks in advance!"
Same boat
Ireland’s Four Courts in Arlington. I think they have a roost there.
"How bout them Browns?  Is ""brown"" a verb?"
There’s no moral victories in football you win or you lose. Don’t know how these clowns can be happy losing. I would have been furious how do you blow a 10 pt lead with all the momentum in the world
Browns gonna brown
"It's really amazing to me that they lost. The Chiefs had no answers for their offense in the 1st half, it really seemed like the Browns would score a TD on every drive.

Reminds me of our playoff loss to the Pats when we had a 2 TD lead twice. Just mind blowing."
It is an adjective used just before the word 'poop'.
"Personally I kinda think wins are a bad way to evaluate a qb, but they do matter to some extent. That pick was a bad decision by Baker. Idk if he was trying to throw it to the wr or he was trying to throw it out of bounds. He had a solid game overall though. Mahomes being Mahomes and immediately scoring really changed the game."
[removed]
Baker gonna Baker
Baker with a game ending turnover too was just 🤌
Because we’ve beaten Mahomes so often….
Baker.....
Eh. He didn’t fumble that ball or muff the punt.
""
You know Odel is ecstatic with that dooky 2nd half 👍
I absolutely lost it when the punter couldn't handle the snap at the end of the game. It's a classic browns choke job lmao. Right when that happened I knew the browns were gonna lose
THIS IS WHAT I LIKE TO SEE
But really though that Browns offense looks very good. Went toe to toe with the chiefs
Baker throwing a game losing pick 😙
"Browns lose, Baker throws a game-sealing pick, and EDC looking like he fleeced the Chiefs after OBJr’s performance….. can’t get better than that 😈"
Browns did look good until fourth quarter started. The sheer willpower of the Chiefs not to lose though...
"I really thought we were looking at both afc championship teams getting beat by afc north opponents, but then the browns had to be the browns for the final 5 minutes"
"Chiefs fans here. Browns fans talk a whole lot of shit for a supposed underdog team with a ""great fandom."" Shows their character."
"Not gonna lie, I was a little worried"
Meh. Who cares? I don’t give a shit about the browns. Pissed the Steelers won. Let’s go win tomorrow!!!!
Hahaha fuck the brownies
F U C K THE SHITBROWNS
"I'm not a petty person.  I love the Ravens.

But...FUCK THE BROWNS HAHA"
"I will always celebrate their misery. They played a mediocre defense without two of their best players and still lose. 

Choker Mayfield"
Baker choked again. Brown playing LT looks like shit. If the steelers would have lost it would have been a perfect day.
BROWNIES BLEW IT YA LOVE TO SEE IT
[removed]
This is better than the titian's losing 🤣🤣🤣
Classic browns
Hyped for tomorrow’s game
Browns gonna brown
"Request for someone to make a looping gif of Baker pounding the ground like a temper tantrum after his pick in the 4th quarter. 
I watched all game knowing that moment was coming and Cleveland did not disappoint. Well, not me anyway."
"I was hoping for a tie, because in the record for the playoffs that a half L for both"
Ha ha!
One of the few times I root for the Chiefs… when they play the Browns
[removed]
Browns like choking and Baker is bad. Chubb has to carry their offense
I mean I’m glad they lost too but really? A fucking upvote party for another teams loss. This makes us look sad honestly
Browns doing Browns things.
We need to go up by like 40 against Mahomes next week
Fuck them shitstains
Classic baker
You can't shake off the dookie. Mayfield was extra doo doo with that last throw.
“Yeah but Baker Mayfield was great until he threw that pick to lose the game!” /s
"Baker Mayfield isn’t the goods. Man if we had one of these teams receiving cores & weren’t crippled, we would be unstoppable. The AFC really is winnable man."
I’m obv happy the browns lost but this doesn’t really make our fans look good
"The best part of the browns subreddit are the comments like. “This wasn’t a “loss” “. Bitch if you didn’t win you fucking lost. 0-1. My next favourite was “we’ll get our revenge game in the playoffs”. Lol the browns won’t make the playoffs. Even in my fantasy league there’s one bandwagon browns fan who said they look so good they’re going to win the Super Bowl. Flat out said they won’t win the game, they’ll find a way to brown it up."
In our shadow forever lol
[deleted]
"For all of you guys talking shit about Baker, he outplayed Lamar."
This is awesome 😂😂 instant Karma
Careful. Talking shit before you even play your game might just bite you in the ass
[deleted]
as much as I hate to see the Browns win... I was kinda hoping KC would lose. We need all the help we can get to win the conference.
"Lol can we not mock the browns for this 
WE still haven’t beaten the browns under Lamar, how can we roast the browns for doing the same thing? They put up a good fight and stayed in it till the end
Maybe once we beat the chiefs we can say something, but until then, we really have no right to roast them for it"
Does our QB miss wide open throws and fumble twice in clutch time?
""
Orlando on the ravens >>> Orlando on the chiefs
"Got to say, I liked Orlando but Lamar made him rich don’t think for a second he didn’t"
Mahomes is doing Orlando no favors by dropping so deep into the pocket. It's a nightmare scenario especially when you're facing off against an extremely athletic Myles Garrett.
Lamar carried this man
There's no way he allowed ONLY 5
The scheme and Lamar benefits any OLmen who come here.
"E
D
C"
I think Orlando will get it going
"We should be wishing well for our guys after they leave us, except for when they're playing us"
"I hope to God that the ravens continue to follow this model

Trade guys whose values are inflated due to the system(like brown) unless they are actual elite talents in their own right.

Retain our own unique players that would be under valued by the rest of the league with mid tier deals(Gus, Boyle, Ricard, etc)


For long term planning when they recognize that they have a player that the rest of the league might over pay for they need to invest resources in developing a quality backup.

That's how they can continue to build an elite roster even after Jackson is off of his rookie contract"
"Orlando isn’t a ELITE Left Tackle, but he’s above average Left Tackle which what makes him elite playing Right Tackle. I don’t think he’ll ever replicate that success he had with the Ravens because he’s not aware of what he really is."
Let's not hate on former Ravens...wishing Zeus Jr. all the success in the world.
😂😂😂😂 damn man
Hope we can make him work as hard.
"Am I still the only one that thinks they should have traded Stanley?

Edit: “Lamar carried this man” has near 50 upvotes, but this is getting downvoted like crazy. Where’s the logic here?"
""
"I’d celebrate more if they finished the season this way, not after week 1. Especially when they barely lost to the defending 2 time AFC champs"
Lets wait on our game before we trash talk.
"Cleveland always finds ways to lose games, even with a loaded roster."
Im not gonna trash talk at all. They played really well. The only way i'll trash talk is if WE beat them. They look scary.
Nature is healing
"My hatred for the turds aside, the hype for them this offseason might be more warranted than the hype before the 2019 season"
Ya damn straight I love to see it
Can we at least please stop the trash talk until 1) We play our FIRST game 2) We play against them? All we are doing is giving them ammo in case we lose
[deleted]
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pn432i)"
All I gotta say is we haven’t even played a down yet and we’re talking mad shit. Let’s worry about ourselves for now
I'd be down for upvote parties when we win a game. Celebrating the loss of another team against an opponent that we couldnt beat ourselves is just embarrassing.
"Maybe this is an unpopular take, but upvote parties in general are dumb. I’m all for celebrating the team we all love, but upvote parties are lazy karma farms that add nothing to the conversation. Upvote parties regarding other teams are even worse."
Upvote parties are Reddit at its worst. No I will not help you farm karma because some team lost.
"If we have to have upvote parties, it should be reserved for accomplishments such as making the playoffs, winning the division, etc. doing it for week 1 losses for other teams is incredibly dumb. Like so dumb that words can’t even describe how dumb it is."
I think its childish but that's who took over this sub so here we are
"I have mixed feelings. On one hand, it’s cathartic to celebrate a hated team’s loss. On the other hand, it does make us look lame as shit and it’s mildly embarassing"
"It's fun when it's justified.

Most of the time I think they are just low effort karma farms.

Apparently we've moved on from even having upvote parties with a picture as if it wasn't already bad enough."
Its week 1. I wouldnt be worried about any team other than the weeks opponent.
"Pleasanty surprised the second option had that many votes.

I'm pretty sure this sub talks about other team's more than other of the other subs and it's mad cringey. It's one thing to celebrate and laugh at a rival losing but making an entire thread for it is pathetic.

This wouldn't be a problem if this sub had better moderation, way too much bullshit posts allowed here."
Every sub does it. I don’t care for it but I general it doesn’t bother me
"It's not ok unless that team is named the Browns, Steelers, or Titans."
really couldn’t care less what anyone posts. it’s not hard to swipe a finger a centimeter and skip over it. also expecting an entire fan base to agree on something is asinine.
"People who care about ""how our sub looks"" are like kids or something. It's an anonymous online platform who gives a shit? Give these losers all the ridicule they deserve"
"If it's the Steelers or that Florida team that the league has the fix in for, fair."
[deleted]
"Dude, stay humble for just a second.  The browns punched the chiefs in the mouth.  If it weren’t for stupid mistakes, they would have won."
All this shit talking is gonna come back and bite us tomorrow. I believe in karma and the amount of shit this sub is talking before even playing is crazy.
Bruh they almost won… this isn’t the flex you thought it was
We all feel some way about the Texans im sure but ill always be rooting for those 2 and they came up big today!
Shoutout to former Ravens coach David Culley getting his first win as a head coach!
Texans balled out. Great Job Former Ravens: 1-0
""
"Counterpoint - OBj isn’t a good pass blocking LT. 

But also agree the Garrett is a beast."
Yeah I was keying in on him honestly. I hope he fairs better throughout the season🤷🏾‍♂️
Love obj but he isn’t athletic enough to be a dominant pass blocker the way the chiefs need him to be
Actually he is a piece of shit who assaulted a player on field.  But go ahead and forget about that like the Browns who thought it made him a Walter Payton man of the year
He’s everywheres on the rams defense
He was really bad last year and was bad for us it was well worth it for us to trade him for Peters.
Oh lort
"Good to see him putting everything together.  I got nothing but love for former players.  I will say, I remember that game against the Browns where he got shellacked."
"I would love for him to do well, he was all over the place. But he wasn’t challenged in coverage AT ALL. Bears passing game was just awful until the game was already out of hand. They hardly attempted any throws more than 10 yards downfield."
He had a good game but let’s not go that far
"I know it's only the first quarter, but he's having a great impact for the Rams right now.

Had the tip that lead to the pick, and just recovered a fumble."
"Once a Raven, you tend to play like a Raven till you don't."
He played really well tonight
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pn544t)"
All of them will happen 😎
"Lamar becoming the first QB in NFL history to have a rushing TD, a passing TD, and a recieving TD (from Huntley on a gadget play) on the season opener."
"I say Ty'Son just as a secret weapon.
I don't know about the Raiders run D, but I know that they have very little footage on the guy.

That has to amount to something doesn't it?"
I predict Lamar will have 6 total TDs tomorrow. Guaranteed. Both passing and rushing.
I voted for Marlo bc I don't know how bad their run D is off the top of my head
Ty’Son easily. Dude is gonna go wild on that shit Raiders D
I think a FF/recovery for TD is more likely for Marlo.
""
I forgot that Teen Titans had the best intro of any 2000's cartoon
It's still crazy having a player as box office as Lamar on the Ravens.
I don't remember too much but Raven was by far the strongest right? Very fitting
Now I gotta go watch Teen Titans
Robin looks like Trae young
Umm this video didn't need to go so hard. But damn that pumped me up for tonight.
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
"I am going to be on a plane from 8:15 till 10:15 flying to Atlanta for training.
I hope the plane has WiFi so I can catch the game on the NFL app. Or something.
Get my wife to DVR the game, worst case scenario."
"Neat, thanks for letting us know"
Hope you're able to catch the game man
""
Personal news? If it’s not a contact what is it? Especially on a Tuesday…
"She teased a new podcast coming out about a week or 2 ago, I'm sure it's that"
> big news dropping Tuesday ⏳ #RavensFlock
"Interesting. I feel like it can't be personnel related (Lamar extension, trade, etc.) or Cassie wouldn't have the scoop this far ahead of everyone else"
Duel reality Raven vs duel reality Panther fight to the death
God I love her
Have they announced the ring of honor inductee for this year yet?
Suggs retirement?
Hype videooooooo
"It's probably a new podcast 

I'd love for it to be that the Ravens finally have the rights to use the old winged shield logo"
Pat Mcafee has Aaron Rodgers Tuesdays. Maybe Cassie is getting Lamar Jackson Tuesdays.
"Could it be new uniforms? 

I thought the league allowed previously banned uniforms to be allowed this year. 

I hope we get the OG Ravens uniforms for one of our prime time games."
"Greetings! As the title states i am from New Zealand, I've been following NFL and the Ravens since 07, and I've always wondered about how many Americans are hungover at work on Mondays? 🤣 our Sunday games are early Monday mornings and throughout the day, the Ravens game tomorrow is at 12.15pm Tuesday for me, i love watching and getting on the beers when i can, so yeah always wondered how productive monday mornings are? Super jealous of the tailgate parties you guys have as well!"
I'm under 21 but that doesn't stop me from getting drunk off Kool aid
"You in lockdown bro or out of Tamaki Makaurau?

Planning to have it on my laptop while I WFH 👀"
Yea im in the UK currently and the games are at 0115 lol. Its definitely a bad morning at work :^)
""
When you need a laugh...and a midlife crisis
Honestly I was more shocked by that Ted Lasso caterpillar on his face lol
"I saw that too and had the exact same reaction. I spent several seconds trying to convince myself it was just a lighter shade of red, lol. 😩"
"Aaron Rodgers looks old as fuck, too with that beard and the pulled back hair. He looks like he’s either gone full evil or preparing to start a life as a hermit in the Wisconsin back country. Maybe both."
[deleted]
This is cringy af.
""
"Yep, dropping sometime today

E: source: [Cassie Calvert](https://twitter.com/cassie_calvert/status/1437371598487629831?s=21)"
God I hope so
"I am missing ""The Ravens Report"" too."
""
i'm an australian but my long distance GF was born in Maryland so I am now a new Ravens fan. am excited for the start of the season! any cheers or chants i should be reciting while i watch?
"I hate night games, only because I have to get up early for work."
LAMAR COMIN
Wake up? 😞 I havent even gone to bed yet.
[deleted]
"Raiders fan, hoping for a good game for everyone. It should be really fun, and it's going to be good to see what this defense can do against you guys."
Hell yeah!! 2:15 am here we go european flock !!
BRAH I'M SO STOKED FOR THIS GNARLY GAME BRAH! IT'S GONNA BE TOTALLY RAD
Almost time for bed here in Australia. Go ravens
CAW CAW MOFOS!
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
It’s 10pm here so I think I don’t think I’ll make it to the game if I wake up now
"I'm in the Philippines so it's gonna be tomorrow morning for me, but I'm damn excited to share this first game with you guys!"
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Rocking the white threads to work!
Where are people tailgating in Vegas before the game? Any bars / good spots??
"Im about to come off a 12 hour shift, can I sleep or must I WAKE THE FUCK UP?"
"I wonder how much they bring up, if at all, the Ravens/Raiders AFC championship game. Gruden was the Raiders coach and that was 20 years and almost 8 months ago (1/14/01)"
Let's fuckin goooooo
"ANHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

that is all"
Toddler woke me up at 4:57am. Thank god for Ravens game day adrenaline- counting on it to carry me through tonight!
I’ve overslept! Been waiting for this game and I’m so excited to see this game! Big Truss
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKONNNNGNGNNNNNN LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. TTTTTTOUCHDOOWWWWNNNNNNN RRRRRAVENS.
CawCaw motherfucker
Woke up. Depressed. See this post. Happy!
Let’s get this bitch
I just woke up. I’m well rested for the game. Let’s go!!!!!
I got 100$ for Jackson to throw 2 TDs tonight.     Let's go ravens!!
I moved to Baltimore about 4 months ago and love the city. I've never really followed the NFL but I'm looking forward to my first Ravens game tonight (raven emoji)!
How are you gents feeling about Ty’son Williams tonight? Expectations?
Have they announced what jerseys were wearing?
"I think I speak for all of us when I say


#GO BIG LLAMA"
LETS GOOOOO FIRST GAME EVER (became a fan over the summer)
"Let’s GO TEAM!
We have been waiting so much for this game! Ravens football finally! This is real!"
Ok ok I'm up I'm up. Do I get coffee now or straight to shotgunning?
"guys

we get to watch lamar jackson play football again today"
Anybody got a link to the official roster for tonight? Want to see who is actually playing what with all the changes.
Can I just say playing Week 1 MNF is absolute torture? I have been dying for Ravens football since noon yesterday.
🙌🙌💜🖤💜🖤💜🖤 LFG!
"I got a bad feeling about this one. Raiders fans gonna be all hyped up; our run game is nonexistent, and you never really know which Lamar you're going to get. I think we lose by a field goal"
""
"Being a GM must be so fucking stressful. At a moments notice, your roster can go from being completely set to needing a massive overhaul. Cool to see the timeline on how it gets done."
"Peters is important, but the “most important?”

Feels like a bit of an overstatement. Clark and Humphrey I’d say are both more important pieces. Possibly Brandon Williams in the conversation too."
Whole article is a great read. The play-by-play of the deals getting done at lightning speed is amazing. Few teams could have pulled this off this quickly.
[deleted]
""
"Allen wasn’t even that bad, the Steelers just have a great defense. It’s getting kind of exhausting to see a player have one mediocre game and the media and everyone say he’s been exposed. Even if that player’s not a Raven."
"A lot of it was Steelers defense, but Allen made a lot of bad throws without being pressured. He’s a good qb but yesterday def seemed to back up the “Allen is inconsistent” argument"
"Have a great secondary, don’t blitz Allen. Boom he’s figured out. We did the same thing last year and it worked great."
As Ravens fans we know how annoying this is when it happens to Lamar
"Yea for the most part, I think a lot of teams are still rusty. A lot of starters didn’t get much playing time in preseason and it shows for some teams. Some teams looked like they were still in Preseason Week 4 mode.  Now if Buffalo still looks as bad as they did yesterday around Week 4 or 5…then yea…that may mean something"
He's not bad for a running back.
People saying the steelers figured out Josh Allen are ignoring the part where Josh Allen looked terrible. He overthrew a bunch of open receivers and was inaccurate on a bunch of 5-10 yard routes. He didn't look good.
""
Was that the illusive man…
""
Just when I thought Mandrews couldn't get hotter
"Carr looks like such a slappy in that pic 🤣
Let’s roll"
"Ravens football is back! And so I will be back with another season of crappy photoshops for each weekly matchup. As always, if you have any suggestions or requests, please let me know. LET'S GO RAVENS!"
"I was waiting for the Week 1 Hype video from the Ravens official accounts, before realizing they probably had to completely re-do it after heavily featuring Gus as a step-up moment."
The fact that you were able to fit his chest piece in there lmao well done
Andrews we with the flow tho!
I missed these so much over the offseason!!
"Gruden's expression as the SS dude is killing me haha

Great work!"
Wow this is awesome. Nice work!
This is hilarious and wonderful
Ok. That's funny. Especially Harbaugh.
"We all know Gruden loves that damn play. A few years ago, when he was in the booth, his brother had the WFT run a fullback pass on 4th-and-short against the Cowboys. He lit up like he was opening a Christmas present. So I'm watching for two things tonight: 

1. When the Ravens face 3rd-and-short, especially inside the 20, I expect to see Ricard catch a simple bootleg pass off of play-action that's made to look like Power 
2. When the Raiders face 3rd-and-short, I expect to see our pass rush let the FB out into the flat, and our safeties to come crashing down and maybe even jump the route.   

No excuse not to be prepared to stop this play, and every excuse to have it in the playbook."
"The Ravens knowing about this play would be the perfect reason not to run it, which means the Ravens won't have to worry about it, which means the raiders will definitely run it, which means the Ravens will be ready.

&#x200B;

Checkmate Gruden."
Carr just better not throw to the backside Venus or Gruden may have a stroke on the sideline
"Richard is on IR, it’ll be the fullback Ingold or TE2 Moreau."
""
45-17 ravens
My house cleaner is a raiders fan. He just came in talking a lot of shit for a guy who predicted a 13-7 score.
"I think it’s going to be a lot closer than people expect, and I’m kind of worried"
"I predicted for Fantasy purposes the Defense to score 12, Tucker 10, and Andrew’s 15. So I’m going 34-14"
"31-17 Ravens

Annoyingly close game and we are sweating at 24-17 in the 4th, but we march down the field and lock in the W with another TD at the end."
"Idk how you guys are saying things like “it’s not close” as if we’re NOT limping into this game with 4 season-ending injuries & a wiped out backfield lol. Not to mention injuries to Watkins & Bateman. 

Im thinking 27-20 Ravens. I think this will be a close game"
42-10 is my prediction.  There secondary is pretty dismal and they don’t have any good pass catchers outside of Waller.  There pass rush is decent but it’s not where it needs to be to be able to hide the trash secondary.  There OL will be bad because they haven’t played together much and are very young (no Icognito will hurt them too) so Carr won’t have much time to throw.  It could be closer if Waller has a dominant performance if Tavon doesn’t look right although we may not use him for Waller (maybe we use Stephens?).
Idk a lot of people saying blowouts but I am super nervous. I think just because it’s close to kickoff though but idk
"I think we blow them out full strength. Since we’re not full strength though, it’ll probably be a close game. Maybe 27-24 Ravens?"
"Mini-Ravens 24, Raiders 14, for my old-school SNL fans."
Not only do I think it will be close. It is a must win with KC coming to town next week
"My prediction is that the Ravens go up big (17-20pts), but take our foot off the gas, and end up winning a closer game. 34-27"
45-13 ravens
""
Can I ask how you guys became Ravens’ fans? Always curious how (wayyy) out-of-towners join the flock!
If it weren't for the tats I would have thought she was a mannequin lol
"You've found a winner there, my friend."
She’s awesome 😎
I know exactly how she feels.
Dope trad bear tattoo on the shin.
 Now that’s a fan😈
Actual goals right there
I see a good meme template potential here
Love that picture on the wall
she is a keeper man!
That’s a Poe tattoo
She”s gone hardcore B’more with that Poe tat! I should ship you some crab cakes to eat while you watch a John Waters film!
I’m sorry fam 😬🥲
""
Of course. What else would he say? “These guys are washed up and not good anymore. We are very worried.”
"Did the ravens already active those guys? Bell, Murray, and Freeman?"
"OK Greg, but did you even bother with a passing game this year?"
Those pass concepts better not be trash like last year. Obv we want to see what new receivers can do but what matters more is if they’re used properly
Ravens gonna lead the league in Rushing still aren’t we?
"“We’re really excited” 😂

That’s the biggest pile of manure I’ve ever read. I can only imagine the sleepless nights Roman is having lately lol 😆"
"Well, this aged like milk"
""
Heeeeap!!! Fond memories in this clip.
I got really sunburnt that game. A day before picture day in school lol
""
""
Thank you for this
What ya guys got?
Don't forget to take a shot for every illegal formation penalty
"Pregame: 
* 1 shot for every season-ending ACL/Achilles injury 

Live game: 
* Raven’s TD: 1 shot or finish whatever you’re drinking ATM
* highlight-worthy Lamar juke and defender whiff: 1 shot or finish whatever you’re drinking 
* COVID mentioned: take a drink 
* MVP mentioned: take a drink 
* Season injured player mentioned: take a drink 

You might get your stomach pumped playing with these rules lol.

Edit: formatting"
Every time Justin’s foot touches the ball it’s a shot
[removed]
Ill be one and burn it when they come to the bank
""
I thought Aaron Rodgers was an undercover Ravens fan!
I thought you were that guy from barstool sports ngl
Brave man
Thought I was looking at a screenshot from Far Cry 5.
""
LETS GOOO
Total chills!
""
Shouldn't have watched that with 10 hours to game time. What a long ass day it's gonna be
"As wise man once said, ***""FUCK OUTTA HERE, I GOT IT""***

Thanks Melo"
Context if anyone is wondering - Melo grew up in Bmore  https://www.baltimoremagazine.com/section/community/friday-replay-carmelo-anthony-heart-is-still-in-baltimore/.
MELO MY DOG!!!! LETS FUCKING GO RAVENS
"
It's time to ball like when we first did it.

Narrated by @carmeloanthony: 

***

posted by [@Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1437394242431856653/pl/hUUeLKCOyDwaf1zQ.m3u8?tag=14) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I really liked this one. It was a refreshing break from that craptastic voice actor they normally have and they even broke away from that “Blue Collar Town” horseshit that every franchise feeds their fanbase.
""
They need content after the opening Sunday.  Tomorrow it’ll be all about the Ravens-Raiders. You can’t get mad at how social media works.
So are we on week 2 already tonight? 🤔
nominees
They’ve always done this after the weekend slate.
"Well, to be fair, today is not last week"
""
NOW it’s Game Day. LFG!
I love this meme and I find it hilarious that the browns copied it with chunt on these hoes.
How is it this meme never gets old?
"It never gets old, I love this meme to death 😎😎😎😎😎"
Let’s have a good game fellas 🥲
One of the best memes
Can’t wait to see the Flock today!
How I missed this meme; now it feels like MF GAME GAME!!
"I miss this meme, it will never get old"
IT'S FINALLY THAT DAY AGAIN!!!
Classic!
Beat on dem fake Raider bro’s
Made me lmao
I love that it’s still the old haircut
"In the name of our the Father, John Harbaugh, and of the Son, Lamar ""GOAT"" Jackson, and of the Holy Spirit of FA, Eric ""Big Dick"" DeCosta, we pray for a healthy stable for our RBs and a silverware-filled season. To that, we say: stunt on these hoes."
This and Wednesday Frog over at r/caps gives me life
Every time this meme is posted we lose and Lamar performs poorly. Stop posting this meme!
Stuntin' means you ain't puntin'.
Lamar looks THICC tonight
""
"Hi Ravens fans. I recently stumbled across All\_22\_NFL\_Cuts and really enjoyed their breakdowns. I figured some of you may be interested in checking out these guys as well. Give you something to watch while counting down the hours til game time.

&#x200B;

Here's hoping for no injuries and a great game! Cheers!"
""
""
"Truzz, Buster."
Watching Blitz 99 will help explain the rules
"Good boye, buster!"
Hey I recognize that doggo! 💜💜
ANY DAWGS IN THE HOUSE?! (WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF)
Buster has a cool owner
[deleted]
"Lamar 21-28 221 2 TDs 11 car 92 yds 2 TDs

Hollywood 7 catches 87 yds

Tyson 14 car 73 yds 2 catches 12 yds 1 TD"
"Llama- 30/30, 800 passing, 200 yards rushing, 4tds.

Hollywood- 30 rec, 800 yards, 4 tds

Williams-300 yards rushing, 4 tds"
"I dont know if anyone else in this sub is from Madrid or if is it just me (is there anyone else even spanish?), but I would be up some day to meet, have a beer and watch a game in some bar. Not prime time games, but regular games lol"
"There are multiple amateur american football teams based in Madrid, so I’m guessing there are other Ravens fans there. Just might not read this sub."
"https://twitter.com/ravensesp?s=21

Ravens flock in Madrid Twitter account"
