text
""
""
Get that super bowl mojo in the stands
They should have done cutouts of the ravens 2000 defense and sat them all behind the cheif's sideline
"I’ll be at the game tonight...kinda. 

***

posted by [@CoachBillick](https://twitter.com/CoachBillick)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EjCNpdTWAAYH67H.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Yes.
[deleted]
"Watching blowouts is fun and all, but I am FUCKING STOKED for this game. LETS GOOOOO"
less goooooooo
Yessssssir. Let’s gooooooooooo
""
"So many people calling for Greg Roman’s head 

We had the #1 offense last year, come on guys"
""
"Hello everyone! I hope you are having a hype Monday leading to our hype game against the chiefs. The game promises to be really hype!

You probably don't have discord, but trust me its a pretty great program! I am the creator/head mod of the biggest ravens discord which has been steadily growing. But there are several reasons you should join us today!

1. We have a hype game-day channel were we are all in there talking in real time about the game.
2. We have a freshly minted spicy meme channel.
3. /u/SRG11 is a member of the server, posts his work as well as has been helping make some spicy emotes (Seriously you should come check them out!).
4. We have channels so you can keep up with posts going on from /r/ravens or tweets from great personalities like Zrebrec and Filmstudy w/o having to be on twitter
5. we have links to other discords so you can find more places that interest you!  


Join us today at: [https://discord.gg/kEQhd94](https://discord.gg/kEQhd94)"
"Bruh I fuckz wit L Jack! Dat boi a Real 1!

Florida boi all da way. My boi showed up to the game flooded in Gold in all black. Stay true 2 u. He didn't go Hollywood no pun intended Hollywood Brown was by his side flooded out as well.

Realist of the real Trillest of the trill. L Jack a different breed frfr!💯"
""
Man that crowd noise! The tailgate atmosphere! The energy in the stadium tonight will be electric!
It's pretty fucked up that it's under these circumstances. L.A was a Ravens home game last year though basically.
I never realized our locker room was that slick
""
"Zrebiec adds:

>With Madubuike and Washington inactive, Ravens have only 4 DL active (Campbell, Wolfe, Williams, Ellis). Shows you that they expect to be in sub packages most of game. Ward and McPhee can also both play inside."
Washington saw a gigantic drop off in terms of snap count from week 1 to 2 so this isn’t super surprising.  Also why isn’t Madubuike playing most expected him to be fully healthy by now is that not the case?
"Ravens inactives: QB Trace McSorley, RB Justice Hill, WR Chris Moore, OL Ben Bredeson, DT Justin Madubuike, DT Broderick Washington, S Geno Stone. Terrell Bonds and Khalil Dorsey to make NFL debuts.

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
"Made this in the last few hours. First  but time doing something like this, but proud of how it turned out haha. Now, super fucking pumped for the game! LETS GO"
"And just now on ravens twitter, that 70 yarder in practice. BIG TRUSS"
"Solid,tight 10/10"
Ooooh okay that one scene had me thinking but now the art make sense
Movie
""
This is very middleclassfancy and I like it
Where’d u thrift the sweaters from??
Would buy
"these are so sick, any guides on making them ?"
""
""
Amen!
[deleted]
They wouldn’t have posted it if it were a limp.
Die-hard Chiefs fan (from VA) hoping to watch an epic game! The Ravens fan-base has been awesome this week! I’m absolutely looking forward to the AFC Championship game!!
Great to see so much respect between the fans of these two teams. GO RAVENS 😈
[deleted]
Hes been a great teammate. He has accepted his role as a backup even though he wants to start and done everything asked of him and been awesome in the locker room and as a community guy. I'm glad he is a Raven. He got a raw deal in washington
*McGoatly has entered the chat*
I feel like its a bit unfair the one time Mahomes comes to Baltimore there are no fans. But I last year we made that statement against NE at home at night in Black. Feeling like we win 43-24 and just shut up the league. It could be close but I i really don't see us losing unless the defense allows 35 plus.
"After listening to the Film Study Baltimore podcast, I'm expecting Duvernay to get more involved tonight.  He's impressed every time he's touched the ball so far."
"Prediction 1, my nerves will be shot.

2.  Ravens 41, KC 17."
We break these chains!
"Looks like there are fans, obviously not a lot though."
Agreed
[deleted]
"You should also delete reddit since trolls might read this post and DM you the score. (Maybe even delete this post, just be safe)."
"I tried to do that for an orioles playoff game a while ago. Went full electronic isolation. Didn’t look at my phone all day. Got through 7 hours and 40 minutes of my 8 hour shift and then someone came up to me and said, “I can’t believe the orioles won” ..."
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
""
LotR dorks unite!
"Holy crap. I can't stop moving and talking.

My only wish is that we could all be at the stadium, rocking the shit out of it.

Next year. 

# LFG!"
I’m a caged tiger over here... feels like playoffs
LETS GOOOOOO
"Have a beer or nine.  It'll chill you out.

If the game is really close, I have to watch from the hallway, peeking around the corner.  History has proven this helps the Ravens."
"My friend and I made a pact today to drive to Tampa if we get into SB. I talked to so many Ravens fans who went to the last one, they didn't even buy tickets, just partied their asses off with Ravens fans from across the world."
Telling the kids to quiet down so I can freak out.
"I love how much Mahomes lives in Caw Nation heads 🤣

For real though --- here's to a bloody good game!

Gut feeling tells me we will meet again at the AFC Championship --- but at Arrowhead or M&T?"
Relax buddy you gotta be able to make it to the end
[deleted]
It's almost like having more points is important.
I hope the losses stat is reversed as his career advances.
Quite interesting
""
This
""
Shit that looks great my friend. Eat up!!!
That looks amazing
It’s beautiful
Hell yeah
Pulled Pork on the bottom layer Brisket in the middle
nailed it!
Let’s not all start posting our game day meals
[removed]
[deleted]
LETS GET IT ON!!!!
...
guess that settles the kicker debate
"This ain't ""unfamiliar territory"" it's obvious in all our losses.

1. It starts with a stalled drive from a bad play call forcing us to go for 3 when TDs matter against KC
2. Then our D gets exploited in outside runs which opens up intermediate routes because we keep stacking the box.
3. We blitz and rush 4+ and can't get any pressure
4. Momentum builds and fucks us and we play from behind and lose turnovers
5. Repeat for 60min"
My bedtime is 34-10
At least Tucker settled all that nonsense about the best kicker in the game. I’ll cling to that like a life raft
At least Butker looked like shit and we proved who the true GOAT kicker is
"Jackson needs to work on his mental game point blank. No focus, just frustration"
#71 was held
"bruh why the fuck are we playing so scared. play calling has been terrible, defense doesn't know how to tackle"
Defense is gassed because offense can’t give them a second to catch their breath. Can’t even make tackles when we should be stopping them in the backfield.
The fake crowd noise is atrocious. My god everything about this game has been terrible.
I’ll paint my dick purple if we win this game!
Judon is actually useless
The only one who was effective at stopping Gus Edwards tonight was Greg Roman.
Roman’s play calling is brilliant and idiotic at the same time...
That flag really derailed our entire drive fuck
Chiefs fan here. That tripping call was total bullshit. You guys should be in the red zone
Andy Reid is embarrassing Martindale right now
Why is the crowd noise cheering when the chiefs make a play
"The most concerning thing to me is not necessarily that they’re getting dismantled by a superior team, it’s that they’re getting dismantled in exactly the same way they did in the playoffs. Nothing has changed."
They claimed to treat it like another game but switched up their whole offensive and defensive schemes this week
Andrews did the same shit vs tennessee
Sorry ass oline .  How the fuck can Lamar throw if he has no time to throw. The Wr routes take too long to develop. When it does develop Lamar is already sacked.
That was a brilliant drive with a really bad 3rd down call at the end. Could have been 7. Either way lets hope the defense gets the ball right back so we can try again
I'm a die hard but this looks waaay too easy for KC. This is a major disappointment for the first half
I honestly don’t want to see anymore of the showboating and goofiness when we’re beating shit teams. This team gotta prove to us that they can win when their nuts are on line.
Fuck off mark andrews you AWAYS would Catch that in every other game but this one. Dude.
"Judon, you need to go from ""Body Built By Taco Bell"" to ""Body Built By a Proper Nutritionist So I Don't Play Like I'm About to Have Raging Diarrhoea"""
Lamar was pissed there was a commercial timeout
Lamar Jackson haters going to have a field day. He’s admittedly looked atrocious tonight as a passer
TIME TO COME BACK AND WIN FROM BEHIND. GONNA GIVE PATTY MAHOMES A TASTE OF HIS OWN MEDICINE. FLOCKGANG
"Andrew’s with the real momentum killer , that’s 3 tonight he’s dropped"
Watching Lamar have to juke 3 dudes while Patrick just gets a leisurely stroll for a first down is fucking infuriating.
"I'm not worried about this teams ability to win games and go to the playoffs again this year, but we will not be able to ever get past a playoff game if we keep doing this shit during the big games"
"We've given up 9 catches, including 2 TDs on blitzes, and the quarterback can easily scamper down the field? Well, time for another blitz!"
"Touched SEVEN YARDS in the backfield and still got a yard, strictly because of missed tackles."
The fake crowd noise is god awful lol
This feels exactly like the Titans game. Dropped passes and dumb play calling
What’s up with Mandrews? Can’t seem to catch anything tonight.
"You want to be considered a top-flight TE, you have to catch that."
"2 AM in Poland, I should be asleep cause school is in a couple of hours, but fuck it, Ravens are more important"
Why the fuck did the fake crowd applaud that???
*Me upvoting literally every comment in this thread as they’re posted* it ain’t much but it’s honest work
Remember in the first drive where we ran all the way up the field than started throwing every single play like we were panicking after going down 3?
they cant stop the run and we pass 3 times why
Were making plays on defense just not stringing them together.
"Chill your dicks Ravens bros. We’re in this, it’s fine."
We're out there looking like the Baltimore Jets
I'm just going to point out Ingram has 4 carries at halftime. 6 for the entire backfield. Why do we change our game when we play good teams?
Wink’s brain right now: Yes they stopped our first 99 blitzes but there is no way they’ll stop our 100th blitz.
I think they need to practice tackling this week.
Can't wait for Judon to get overpaid elsewhere.
I DONT GET HOW THE ENTIRE GAME THE MIDDLE OF THE FUCKING FIELD IS SO OPEN
It’s like they know what we’re doing on defense and perfectly countered every fucking time.
Lets look on the bright side...Tucker is still the better kicker.
"Chiefs fan here. 

I want to send my apologies to the kicking god whose name is Tucker. I shall never mention Butker in the same vain as him ever again, and if I do it will undoubtedly be in jest."
"Positive outtakes thus far:
- Calais Campbell is a more than welcome addition and fits in nicely
- Butker the best kicker in the league? #thinknot 😂
- We’ve found our return man in Duvernay!
- It’s only Week 3!"
"it’s like G-Ro tries to get too fancy in big games and show off.... 

just RUN THE FUCKING BALL"
"Yeah, this playcalling is actual ass. This team was so far from ready. We deserve every ounce of criticism."
If Lamar comes out the second half inspired I'm pulling the receipts out for every one of the fucks in here talking shit
Ive seen better tackle in a fucking bass pro shop
"They aren’t winning this game, but just give me ONE sustained offensive drive after a 3-and-out. Just prove there’s life there."
The only thing thats going to make this worse is hearing the media jerk off mahomes the rest of the week
"Fuck man andrews is going to be killing himself for dropping that, Lamar is playing leaps and bounds better this half so far"
These fucking commentators. Get Andrews more involved? He has 4 fucking drops
CALL ONE FUCKING PENALTY ON THEM FOR FUCKS SAKE
"Blitzing works fine... if you actually have good pass rushers, lol."
Greg Roman needs to stop being an idiot and abandoning the run.
"#""I'M DONALD TRUMP AND I STOLE MONEY TO PAY FOR THIS COMMERCIAL"""
Utter bullshit. Tripping as your being knocked to the ground.  Ok
That drive was never going anywhere after that horseshit tripping call
"Pessimists can fuck off lol. It’s not gonna be an easy win. Let’s get our shit together, refs haven’t helped"
This is good practice for the playoffs. Get down early. Lets see what they’re made of.
Passing offense in big games consists of Lamar Jackson rollouts and passes to Mark Andrews
Why is there audible cheering when the Chiefs make a positive play on offense?!
Remember when Judon was supposed to finally break out? he's a $15M hole in our pocket and all the viable trade/free agent alternatives are now off the market. Yay.
We’re honestly lucky to be down only 17.
Is it just me or doea this year feel like were so worried about jackson passing that we forgot we have ingram gus and dobbins. And jacksons legs. That first drive said it all in what its capable of. We know the boy can pass but fucking damn run the fucking ball.
"I'm not gonna overreact about our players, sometimes people play terribly. But I really do think we may have reached the ceiling with Roman. It's very clear to me that he has no idea how to call a game when not everything goes according to his little script."
We are a very specifically built team. We will never win a shootout against this team. Have to rush for  probably 250 yards and keep Mahomes off the field.
clueless people gonna look at the box score and roast Lamar but what more can he do? He’s putting the ball right in peoples hands and they can’t catch it
"How the fuck does it take 3 quarters to realize this is how we win, jesus fuck"
Marcus Peters pick six next drive is the best timeline
"Do coaches not read any news at all when game planning? Honest question. I can understand if they wanna drown out the noise or something, but literally all I read leading up to tonight:
- Chiefs are bad against the run
- Chiefs are good against the blitz

So what do we do? We...don't run, and we blitz.
?!?!"
Chiefs Oline is getting away with some pretty egregious holds.
I officially fucking hate Kansas City.
This is the one year that home field is not relevant tho.
It's games like this that really make me miss Sizzle.
All you bandwagon fans smh
A desperation RB screen got a first down with a Ravens defender on their back is exactly how I'd describe this game without using any foul language.
They paid that woman a LOT to say Trump cares about people like her. And she still wasn’t convinced.
"Judon is just a guy, nowhere near close to top contract worthy."
Wow.. I guess the refs already know whos winning
"Imagine if Corona hadn't hit this year and we actually had 70,000 screaming fans in the stadium..."
"Well Roman, time to prove you're an offensive genius. Learn to play from behind or gtfo"
**LAMAR TAKE MY ENERGY**
LMAO THAT WAS PERFECT TIMING FROM JUDON
Our defense looks like it has no idea whats going on
3 points against a bottom 10 defense
Jackson missing.  Andrews dropping.  Roman calling badly.  This is what happened in January.
At least no one has to watch this in person.
I'd take a first down at this point
Anyone else feel like we should be doing a pseudo hurry up the rest of the game?
Bench Ingram and stick with gus. Hes doing way better.
#WE WOULDN'T BE IN THIS MESS IF ROMAN'S SHITTY PLAY CALLS HADN'T RUINED THE 1ST HALF
"fix the issues like last year

and come prepared for playoffs 

dont let this happen again and again

when it's bad, it's BAD"
Greg Roman needs to chill if we’re down a score and not abandon the run. Ffs did he not learn from the Tennessee game?
"Everyone relax. It is early. No risk, take the 3."
Lol people freaking out like 7 min into the game Jesus calm down and truzz
"Can’t say I agree with that tripping call, that totally killed any momentum on that drive."
I can’t read lips but I’m pretty sure Lamar hates TV time-outs more than we do.
"what is this playcalling

ran all over them first drive

come on"
WTF did the Chargers do that we couldn't.
Why the fuck is the crowd noise cheering for the chiefs
Do we just like not want to beat these guys or what? Seems like we have a completely different mindset than normal when we play them.
"So slow and sluggish right now, need one hell of a team talk at the half"
Dude these crowd operators are guessing as much as our defense is
"We spent all week doing this stupid ass gif war just to get our cheeks clapped on primetime.

EDIT: Thanks for the Gold."
Going to jerk off I need the endorphins real quick
I’m straight up just not having a good time right now.
We just can't beat KC. Doesn't help everyone is choking. This is TEN all over again. Fucking garbage.
"Greg Roman is a BIG issue for this team. I don't even blame the D so much. They shouldn't be expected to stop the KC offence when they're out there constantly. This is Tennessee game all over again. The run was working brilliantly at the start, and you abandon it?"
I’m starting to think Lamar’s 0-4 when trailing by 10 stat is on the fact that any time we’re behind Roman changes our identity completely. We can never just play our game when it matters.
A psychology problem. This team cant handle the pressure of big games.
#ENDMADDENMONOPOLY
tucker is the only one prepared for his matchup lol
"Since the half, our defense has: 

1. Forced turnover

2. Stopped on 4-&-1"
I do be yelling too loud in Buffalo Wild Wings
Andrews more involved?? He needs to find his fuckin hands first.
They keep scheming up rushes for Judon... and they uh aren't working
"Well, they were back in this for a minute or so."
We won’t win a SB until we have a pass rusher who can take a game over.
Did the ref even report him as eligible?
"wE wOnT mIsS yAnDa

We DoNt nEeD cLoWnEy

iM gLaD wE rE-sIgNeD jUDon"
"12 carries between our backs outside of Lamar.

This game is unreal, I can't believe people will got bat and defend our play tonight.

Horrible playcalling, horrible QBing, bad drops from TEs, Ingram never followed his lead blocker, Judon is a piece of dog shit, and the rest of the pass rush can't stop a fucking a power wheels at 5mph"
[deleted]
"Seriously though, imagine giving a Browns QB a national ad spot before he's even had a winning season.  Again."
"Well, Tucker the goat confirmed. As if it wasn't already lol"
We look like we did in the playoff game against the titans.
Does Roman get weird in big game?
What the fuck was that tripping call
Holy shit that woman looks like Boris Johnson
"Establish the fucking run . Kc run D is not good. We drove on the first drive , what the fuck did we quit running for. Get your shit together O come on"
Ok sound crew. Shove that crowd cheer right up...
Won't lie. The sound effects got me. Figured a flag was thrown or a fight was breaking out...
imma pull a pats fan move here. we’re throwing this game on purpose so we don’t reveal our hand during the playoffs. 7d underwater backgammon from harbaugh
[deleted]
Unpopular opinion: calling people out as like they’re aren’t fans because they’re upset about the way this game has gone is shitty. None of us expected/ want this game to go this way. God forbid we be upset.
How many dropped fucking passes is that. We just keep shooting ourselves in the fucking foot. Fuck
Atleast we win the kicker battle
"Lamar made every single play on that drive. Deep, short, run, read option. He didn't miss a single one. Hollywood, Andrews, OBJ - I'm expecting better. But if Lamar's found his groove then I'll still believe until the clock hits 0"
I still don't  expect to win but not  folding at the half is huge.
"Imagine building your defense around trying to let Matt Judon get to the QB

LMAO even when you do that he can't get it done"
Honestly wouldn’t be mad to trade Judon midseason atp
We literally can’t tackle
Maybe we need Lamar’s mom to tweet about keeping with the running game.  See if it’s as effective as Pat’s mom tweeting.
It’s absolutely disgusting how we abandoned the run game so early
This has been incredibly frustrating but it's the beginning of the season and we've got 13 games left.
I'm going to have to stay off of /r/NFL and twitter this week.
Lol Judon isn’t getting paid by this team.
"This is EXACTLY the titans game all over.

Dropped balls, bad offensive play calling, terrible play by damn near everyone. 

It's time for Lamar to be the leader, and make something happen. This is not about skill, this is about playing in the big moments, and this team has shown that they aren't big enough for it. This is a mental breakdown."
#LetJudonWalk
NOT MY BEST KICKER IN THE LEAGUE
You take a shot at the King you better not miss
bEsT kIcKeR iN tHe LeAgUe FoR sUrE
"""TrIpPiNg""

Whore shit"
That screen was a TD if not for Campbell being so damn tall
They keep doing screen passes and we have done absolutely nothing to stop them
"Man, that's a good football team. We've got to put something together on offense now"
Lamar is pissed off about the commercial break lmao.
BRING ME SOME PISSED OFF LAMAR.
I'm an Eagles fan but I just wanted to check in and ask what the fuck is that color commentator talking about blaming Lamar for that absolute perfect pass to Mark Andrews?
[deleted]
"Chiefs - 13

Ravens - 10

Ravens get a 3 and out. Get the ball AND PROCEED TO THROW 3 TIMES. 3 and out. No runs. No runs from a top running team in the league. 

Greg has to go. This is showing to be a pattern. I said we would not run the ball 10 more times once we were down and guess what? We have run it 1 time since."
More exposed...Trump’s taxes or Ravens’ defense?
"i knew we were fucked when everyone picked us

i hate that shit so much

only issue with lamar era is the hype... never feels right for just about anybody"
#LAMAR TAKE MY ENERGY
"“Marquise Brown has been quiet.” 

So has literally everyone else on the team EXCEPT Duvernay."
I love Andrews but hopefully at contract time Decosta just has a compilation of his important drops playing in the background lol
"No we dont need to get Mark Andrews more in the game, hes shitting the bed right now"
"I'm glad we're driving, but why wait until the end of the 3rd to start running and getting meticulous?


Fuck it though I like that we're fighting finally!!"
"STOP RIGHT HERE

PUT IT IN YOUR MINDS, ITS GOING TO HAPPEN

THEN TOUCHDOWN 

JT GAME WINNING FIELD GOAL BECAUSE HE IS THE BEST IN THE LEAGUE

NO WEAPON FORMED AGAINST US SHALL PROSPER"
Judon has had his name mentioned a grand total of zero times tonight
Chuck do me a favor and force a fumble again
"There's really no point in judon being in the game, just add another DB."
give Marlon all of Judons money please
Judon is not playing like someone worth all that money
"If Judon wasn't going inside every fucking time, and just held his fucking edge this drive would be over. Fucking goddamnit"
This game would be different if we had 1 player who could beat his man 1v1 in the pass rush.
Every completed chiefs pass is wide fucking open. I need some fucking answers
Chiefs become the new Steelers/Pats. Gotta beat them to get where we’re going
"Pound the rock. It seems so obvious. Why didn't we run it more and set up play action? Play calling seemed off, but I'm no pro... Maybe the coaching staff sees something I don't."
Y’all will be back. Better than ever.
Pain.
everything goes wrong against the chiefs and in the playoffs. its the same every time. why. they look like a 8-8 team out there right now
Judon flat out doesn't wanna get paid
I hope the ravens get CRUCIFIED for this one. Feel every piece of this. If they wanna do anything worth a damn they gotta acknowledge what the fuck just happened. This was some clown car shit.
"Riddick is honestly obnoxious. I know we look bad, but ffs, stop glamorize over the Cheifs. Its not fun to listen to at all."
[deleted]
I PAID MORE INCOME TAXES THAN DONALD TRUMP
"Wait, american networks can show political ads that are straight up slander? Wow"
"Would've liked 7, but we know the run can work. I expecting a 40+ yard TD pass later on"
"I didn't see any illegal hands, wtf"
Is this your “best kicker in the league”?
#Best kicker in the league
Feels like the titans game already.
"Down by 3, coaching staff full blown panic"
"This is how a bad decision from the ref can kill everything. 

Plenty of football left"
Refs literally killed that drive with that bs tripping call
that penalty killed our drive
Weakness being exposed. No pass rush without blitzing. Judon is NOT the guy.
So glad we got Campbell. Dude is a mountain
If we can hold them to 3 it will be a win this drive
Campbell is dominant. Doesn't get enough credit
Has Tyus Bowser missed like 6 sacks so far this year? I swear he gets pressure but QBs shrug him off like a fucking Twitter hater.
not even mad thats amazing playcalling it really is
I’m straight up not having a good time
remembering why I don't usually hang out in game threads here
ON THESE HOES WE SHALL STUNT
Drop counter: 3
Judon was not off sides...
I legitimately have a migraine from this shit show
Why do we always completely suck against Mahomes? Embarrassing.
I’m so happy that this game is in week 3 lol
Andy Reid is just closing his eyes and picking plays now lol
The sound guy hit the wrong crowd noise button lol
Wtf is this crowd noise
At least the kicking debate is settled. Dude has one good game and says he’s better than tuck. The disrespect is unreal
still can’t get over blitzing our best corner on 3RD AND FUCKING 14
"Lamar has been bad, no doubt, but holy shit, NO ONE can catch a pass. No one."
Y'all remember when we set the season rushing record? Then completely abandoned the rushing game for no fucking reason.
Which one of you fucks forgot to wear their lucky underwear?
"Stop abandoning the run for the desperate pass. We run the ball, we play action off the run, it’s what we do. God I hate when we play desperate football. Slow it down, wear out chiefs D, give our defense a break. Fuckin A"
"“The Chiefs are just having a party out there”

That one hit me 😢😔"
Thank fuck for Tuck.
Andrews it like the Avatar. When the Ravens need him the most he disappears.
"If I was writing the headline tomorrow for the Sun. “Butker misses an extra point and a field goal as Justin Kicker proves dominance.”

And then the piece about the game"
Has to be 7 on this next drive
This game could have gotten REALLY UGLY. Look at where we are now. We GOT A CHANCE!!
Meep meep it’s the fucking gus bus
"Wait, you’re telling me running the ball with an offense built to run the ball, against a bad run defense, works?"
Mandrews is having a bad day. You hoes aint loyal. He could have overworked his forearms at the gym trying to get ready for yall and now he's too tired. Sometimes you hoes need to stick by your man when he's having performance issues.
we need a Humphrey or MP pick here
Is whoever is controlling the crowd noise drunk?
we had them three times that drive and just gave it up because wink loves blitzing so much when it doesnt work at all against mahomes
Wonder if Wink will ever stop blitzing even though it's blown up in his face literally every time
Watching Judon play makes me so thankful we have DeCosta as GM. Didn’t hand him that multi-year deal and we have the cap to burn this year. Glad he’ll be gone and we’ll be $13m richer next year
Is holding not a thing anymore?
We are the hoes being stunted on right now
"Idc what’s happens these final 8 minutes, I better not hear anybody say Butker is the best kicker in the league"
"People need to take into account the fantastic play calling by Andy Reid. He is carving us up with these creative play calling, Wink is outmatched"
This o line needs a lot of work
Losing Yanda was brutal
"Our defense was on ice skates the whole game. It’s good we have somewhat of a cupcake in Washington next week to regroup. [I do understand anything can happen in the NFL, before someone jumps down my throat]"
I dipped on the game and learned that red dwarf stars will burn for 10 trillion years. You know how fucking crazy that is? Wow
10 of 12 on 3rd down conversions. This defense can’t get off the fucking field
"Frustrating game, but the season is young, and a wake up call was needed. Still love this team 110%"
Our rookie LBs got exploited tonight.  That was probably to be expected.  But they will learn from it and will be better.
"I don't want anyone fired.

But.

Harbs has to sit down with his staff and go off on their game plan in big games. The fuck is Roman thinking abandoning the run game when you're down by 3??? For fucks sake man.

I really hope he lights a fire under their ass because it's not the first time this happens."
On the plus side I can drink some more
This play calling by Roman sometimes is Sus
GET TRUMP OFF MY FUCKING SCREEN
Wasn’t offside. Perfectly timed.
"Love the ravens. I’ll watch every week. However, I’m not lying when I say my excitement won’t recover until we prove this shit isn’t in our dna."
"Unpopular opinion: If I had to choose, I'd choose being up 17 at the hald over being down 17 at the half. Just my humble opinion"
"I'm glad we got this L early on.  Lamar can learn how to play from behind and get better at no huddle.  We should've never abandoned the run.  Too many drops, Andrews dropped TD would've made this game different.  I still believe in this team, remember what happened last year on our early loss."
[deleted]
"Don't like that 3rd down play call, and I love seeing Tucker nail field goals, but I wish we had gone for it on 4th as well."
"Hell yeah, take the points. No need to leave them on the table going for it on 4tg on your first drive. Could be a momentum killer if they stop us there"
BEST KICKER IN THE NFL LMAO
BuTKeR iS ThE BeST KiCkeR In tHE LeAgUe
BeSt KiCkeR iN tHe LeaGuE!!!
"bro oh my god i've never been happier from a missed xp

we're so petty lmao

YOU AINT TUCKER"
This ref is tripping
Refs need to be investigated for gambling after this game.
"Well this is a shitshow. All comes from that ""tripping"" call"
That was such a bad call.  We have to calm down and play our game.
That call was a fucking drive killer
Absolutely bullshit penalty but our pass protection has to be better
That tripping call was a drive killer but also don’t love following up with that bubble screen
This refs Gale Boetticher sounding ass voice is starting to get on my nerves.
Calais is just a lifesaver
If the defense can ever start finishing their sacks we will be dangerous
I pray to god this is our worst quarter of the game.
Reid is putting on a masterclass rn as a playcaller.
[deleted]
Justin Kicker! Best Kicker in football!
JUSTIN KICKER INDEED
I hope people realize how beautiful of a throw that was to Andrews. Right off his fingers.
"What are these fucking playcalls?

Reminds me of the Flacco era. Need X yards, throw it X - 4 yards downfield."
Greg “Who the fuck is Mark Ingram” Roman
oh wow didn't know these refs had time & space powers to see judon was offsides by a fraction of a second...
"Run the ball. For the love of god. Run the ball. 

Keep it simple Roman"
I’m so happy I cleared my entire day and schedule to prep for this game.
Why do we always hear that chiefs are weak against the run and then we can’t run the ball.  Maybe our O-line issues are worse than we thought?
the sound effects are awful hhahahah
I’m ready for this comeback
Lol you’ve got to be kidding me. Is this our first game of the season?
The fake crowd noise is not doing it for me
Terrible coaching. Not running the ball on 2nd and 3 will cost us the game
Nice social distancing in the secondary
Welp trolls are going to start poorin in now. GL mods. Bye y’all.
Harbs better lose his shit during halftime.
Judon i DARE you to get a sack.
"We need a safety guys, like bad"
"Remember when this sub got butthurt cause Marlon said that this teams identity was to choke in big games??

here we are an offseason later and nothings changed"
"I completely stand behind our boys if they say it's better for the team to have Earl out, but god damn can we bring in a competent starter to take his place?"
"Dude I’m so fucking sick of judon, i obviously don’t know the play calls on D but i swear every time mahomes scrambles out of the pocket or buys time it’s cuz judon keeps coming inside on his rush.

Also wtf was he doing covering hardman???? I love wink but stop fucking dropping judon in coverage it’s useless"
We might want to consider signing Clay Matthews
Is our playbook really just this bad?
WTF happened to everyones hands tonight??
Defense needs to pitch a second half shutout at this rate. Need  4-5 sacks and other insanity to make that happen
Andrews blowing it on the big stage again
Only thing that can make this night good for me is seeing that THICC AT&T chick
This is the titans game again. Andrews and Hollywood not catching anything directly affecting the drives and we then try the dumbest screens and try to force Mark ingram in runs
Bodies in the inner harbor be like “at least I don’t have to watch this ravens game”
THERE WE GO! NOW GET A TD
"Defense showed up to play now! Time for the rest of the offense to show up. Mark Andrews, please find a new pair of gloves."
if we win this I might become religious again
Can we get 13 some more snaps on offense please. Dude is a playmaker
GUS IS RB2 . Stop downplaying my man
"Gus Edwards would be the starter on most teams, he deserves 10-15 touches a game"
UPDATE: The Ravens have reportedly discovered that Gus Edwards is indeed alive and are now attempting to play him
Mark Andrews TD and preventing that BS TD Hardman scored on 3rd and 14 would’ve been incredible right now. This game has been a real stinger.
Every fucking 3rd down it's the same shit lmao
"For as much shit as we've given Judon, he's literally been right on the snap count all night. I'm still pissed about that first offsides call"
We can't fucking stop these guys
Judon trash. Comeplete non factor all day
"the fucking holds bro, whatever"
Ummmm block in the back???? Are you fucking kidding me??
HOW HAVE THERE BEEN NO HOLDING CALLS AGAINT THE CHIEFS ALL NIGHT
Literally zero pas rush and judon wants 20 million
"Sad. just a sad game all around. You don't expect to win this game but this is just pathetic all around. Chiefs are amazing but the Ravens wanted to pull another Titans game. 

All they had to do was stick to the run early. They got cute and tried to pass pass pass. You can't let Mahomes have the ball like this. You can't stop him."
"It's crazy how everything works for them and nothing for us.  Still time left, but I'm hoping we bounce back from this not only in this game but the rest of the season."
Man if I was Lamar I wouldn't be getting Christmas gifts for anyone on the line this year
"Hey, Wink. This is what a pass rush looks like."
"Gus not in that series.  There was plenty of time.  Panicked, confused, in a daze.  All night."
Can’t expect Lamar to be a successful passer when he’s under pressure every throw
RIP the guy who bet $1K earlier
Yanda’s being sorely missed this game. Lamar has no time.
Could be worse. We could be the jets 🤷‍♂️
it feels like a death by 1000 cuts rn
We were only down 6-3 and we completely abandon the run. Frustrating as hell
we need to learn how to handle adversity and build up some mental fortitude. this team (players and coaches) are too used to winning. this mentality will not get us a super bowl. team needs to wake up
50-something yards passing in a game is not acceptable.
"how many big games did we win last year... i dont get y'all saying we NEVER show up

other than the 2 playoff games and the chiefs games, we have won every big game... like what are you guys on about (and then the fluke browns game too obviously)

sure, the playoffs were bad but there has been plenty of evidence we can bring it big...?? shit fucking happens

edit: i GET the playoff talk though

dont get me wrong there

but regular season-wise... it doesnt make sense"
Why did we stop running the ball after our dominant first drive?
"Brutal loss.

On the bright side maybe the bandwagon fans will fuck off."
Is our defence too slow or is it an optical illusion? It felt like they couldn't catch anyone all night.
Where's this Lamar/Brown bullshit chemistry we heard so much about?
Imagine if Lamar had the time Mahomes gets every play
I think you seriously consider the risk of signing AB.  Risk-reward ratio has changed now that you know how badly you need a dominant wide out.
PLEASE cut Judon this offseason
"I mean on the one hand you can kind of forgive the refs for assuming Judon had to be offside to get there given how shit he is at rushing.

On the other hand that was clean as a whistle and fuck the refs.

Edit: And for good measure fuck Tyreek Hill"
"Mahomes has 260 passing yards in the first half, we have 35.

We've rushed for 71 yards in the first half, 70 came on the first drive.

This Chiefs defense isn't elite, it's not even well above average, we're playing scared and the coaches had us unprepared to play at every level offensively and defensively."
"2-1, we're fine. We'll go into the bye 6-1. Today showed that we're not on KC level but there's plenty of season left to play. Hope this loss leads the bandwagon fans to Buffalo or something"
LOL HE MISSED
BEST KICKER LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
TUCKER IS THE GOAT
Only down a FG lets goooo best kicker in the league lmaoooo
well... ends that debate
"Alright boys and girls, bring the Ravens luck for me tonight. Gotta get rolling on law school apps that I procrastinated on :(

&#x200B;

Stunt on these hoes and fuck the refs"
"Guys, Duvernay might make me forget Jacoby."
TRIPPING?!?
These refs suck holy shit
That Boyle penalty killed that one.  And it was bs.   Gotta shake them off tho
Someone should foul the refs for fucking tripping
Fucking tripping???????
I can’t remember the last time I saw a tripping penalty
I love Campbell
"Can y'all have some 

T R U S S ?"
Does anyone else think that our fake crowd noise is more quiet than other teams fake crowd noise?
I hate this ketchup loving fuck god damn
We actually need a game like this where offense needs to come from behind.
Just simply out-schemed/out-coached
It feels like the Ravens defense is just chasing but have no idea what the Chiefs are going to do on offense
Duverney has burners
"Tucker: 4

Butker: 1"
>Just wait for Devin Duvernay to develop more as a wide receiver and play full time in the slot for Baltimore. - @LateRoundQB
here we go. Duvernay I can not explain how much I thank you
Let's go and get a fucking touchdown boys
Lamar got pissed about the TV timeout
That was a nice ass throw wtf announcer
WHY AREN'T WE RUNNING ANYMORE? THIS IS THE SAME SHIT WE DID AGAINST THE TITANS. WE WENT AWAY FROM THE RECORD BREAKING RUSHING.
This is exactly what killed us in the divisional round. Trying to stay away from our identity
Why do we keep running routes behind the sticks on 3rd down??
Come the fuck on Mark... Lamar couldn't have dropped it in there any better tf these announcers talking about
Get the throw down? It was in his hands.
"That didn't look offsides to me? It was really tight, but the center's arm was moving. You're allowed to go at the snap, right?"
Jesus Christ. Receivers can catch the ball?
That’s just a perfect ball. Nothing MP can do about that. Good coverage
If it wasnt for that return this is a blowout
And here comes Roman to force Lamar to throw 60 times
Glad we put Mahomes back on the field after going 3 & out without using any of our 4 fucking RBs
Chiefs needed all of regulation to put up 20 on the fucking Chargers last week...
The D is gassed because we wasted the last offensive series.  Gotta have an extended drive here to give the D a break
That flag on Judon was fraudulent. He and McPhee timed the snap perfectly.
this terrible play all started with that terrible tripping  call
"Justin Herbert threw for 300+ last week against this D, no idea what the hell is going on."
This is fucking practice for Kc. Absolutely embarrassing.
Mahomes throwing to guys with 5-10 feet of separation.
"Mahomes, like any QB, needs to be hit to be rattled. This is just some random defense to him."
Offensive play calls are horrible in a big game again.  It’s like watching the titans game all over again.  2 yard passes on 3rd and 7
Our defense is literally fucking brain dead I’m done with this game
"Embarrassed on national TV, cool cool"
Another missed sack lol.
I liked it better when we were underdogs. At least the trolls were funny then.
This is a pass rush issue 100%
"But hey we have the best kicker, right"
Mark no handrews
I mean boys idk what to say that’s positive... I guess it’s only week 3 there’s a fuckton of football left to go anything can happen. But fuck man not another game lost like this. This feels worst than the titans game honestly because it literally feels like we’re stuck in cement and there is absolutely nothing we can do
Andrews is choke-prone in big games too. Anyone got Heap’s number...?
Purple acting sus
What a waste of memes
"Honestly it just feels so lazy, like even when we’re tackling it just looks and feels lazy as fuck I don’t know what’s going on"
I just wanna go back to being the underdogs. We never play like shit when we are the underdogs in big games in our whole franchise history.
Remember when the thing about us was we played down to our opponents but showed up during prime time
Props to Andy Reid exposing our weak LB’s in coverage.
Shout out to everyone who wasn’t satisfied when we basically blew out the Texans last week. Tonight is how the Ravens used to play a few years ago. At least this game will get rid of those people with unrealistic expectations.
I’m not even sure if we’re even playing the same sport as the Chiefs
At least we have Washington next week ☹️
"Being critical of the team is not being a fair-weather fan, and tonight is the night to be critical"
Regardless of the outcome I love my team and I’m only disappointed because I know they are way better than this 😥
JUST WHEN I THINK IM OUT... THEY PULLL ME BACK INNNNN
"I love Hollywood and glad he got the first down, but he needs to stop running backwards. Does it too much."
That whole drive wiped out. Fucking Andrews and fucking brown Jr.
"that drop was fucking heartbreaking

football gods twisting the knife huh"
Kill 7 mins for 3 points. Awesome.
The ball is probably covered in Andy Reid’s hog sweat
WE NEED A DUCKING TOUCHDOWN
POUND THE FUCKING ROCK
here we go lamar show them ur cock
Mark Andrews best go do some coke In the toilets real quick
Get everyone some fucking cocaine for this drive
Why do we ever take edwards out
HELD THE CHIEFS TO NO POINTS IN THE 3RD
WHY DIDN'T THE CLOCK STOP HE RAN OUT OF BOUNDS!?!?
It’s almost as if we shouldn’t have stopped running it after one drive
Mahomes get your kermit sounding ass off my tv bro
I haven’t sat down this whole second half. Just pacing around my living room like a maniac
I don’t know what was worse football our second quarter or any 4th quarter involving the Atlanta Falcons.
why would we go for 2???? what?
Nick Boyle with the Chad move of actually catching the goddamn ball
Our blocking TE showing our receiving TE how it's done
"dont do this to me, mahomes

please have mercy

i cant handle a third one"
Man if we had actually run the damn ball in the first half this is a completely different game.
Chiefs fan here. Great second half so far ravens. See y'all after the game
#PUT IN GUS ON DEFENSE
"God, it’s me again..."
Mahomes is a god but damn his receivers are ALWAYS open lol
Blame of the game goes to Judon imo
The Ravens d is like me in madden. Blitz blitz blitz blitz blitz blitz blitz blitz
Block in the back
Their Tackle has better hands than our Receiving TE
Lmfao a left tackle just caught a TD. The fucking left tackle. The Chiefs have fucked Wink Martindale in his ear hole this game.
Terrible game from both Wink and Roman
Lmao cool our D doesn’t even know whose eligible
"Honestly looking ahead this is a gut lunch and we have to get real pass rush than can set the edge as well

It's killed us in every loss.

We blitz our DBs because they're our best players.

We need to stop Derrick Henry, CEH, Nick Chubb, Joe Mixon.

We can't right now and that's our achilles heel. Letting ZaDarius walk was a stupid move and tagging Judon was too. Could've just drafted better players than him."
It’s the regular season. We were the best team during the regular season last year and it got us jack shit. May be better to be the undergo going forward.
Judon just hit free agency. Not worth half his salary
We're gonna win 37-34
Our O-Line has been completely exposed. They can't protect at all.
Orlando Brown has had a terrible game.
What the fuck? Is NO ONE fucking blocking?
Time to ignore reddit and all sports media for the week. It’s going to be a miserable time
Lamar literally takes one read and has three dudes in his face every single play. O-line and pass rush needs revamping bad - looks like trash.
I think that the first person who says that defenses have figured us out should be banned from this sub.
I’m so excited to see how this team performs after this loss
"Lamar said something about ""big games"" there on that last shot of him. He knows what people are going to keep saying"
"Maybe spend the entire next month practicing third and long maybe, just maybe practice peters pressing a receiver instead of trying to get a pick on every single play, maybe practice getting someone else to blitz instead of your top corner"
Lol tackled in the back and still gets the first
We need to run the ball 40 times a game minimum
"7.9ypc as a team.

2.3ypa (jesus) as a team.

An average of 2.3 would be horrendous in the run game nonetheless the pass game. 

This is a disaster."
It isn’t the end of the word chill out. It could be worse it could be 2015.
"I know 27-10 looks bad, but take a moment to realize that the score could easily be 27-3 if it weren't for a kick return TD (which research shows mostly comes down to luck).

Somehow the score doesn't even justify how thoroughly we've had our asses kicked thus far."
"Can we get a ""We have the best kicker ever"" upvote party going? Anyone?"
I wish I only paid $750 in taxes.
Y’all are acting like we’re done.
"EAT SHIT, TRUMP"
"**I 100% guarantee Ravens come back to win this.**

&#x200B;

**It is written, so it shall be.**"
"The Ravens don't always choke in big games. We beat the Pats and the Rams last year in primetime, we beat the Seahawks and 49ers in close games. Relax, people. It's week 3. You are all sounding like those annoying ass Patriots fans"
"The Chiefs are the new Patriots. They're already hard enough to beat, but then they have Refs helping them too, like, wtf..."
FACK YOU TRUMPER
WHERE’S THE HOLD
THE REFS ARE ABSOLUTELY PLOWING US
"Yo, when we're bad, we are fucking TERRIBLE."
Still fucking fuming at the Andrews drop. That was a perfect throw. Catch the fucking ball - that is what you're paid stupid amounts of money to do.
LOL someone said fire harbaugh y’all are actually so stupid
"This offensive line is BAD. And to be fair, KC threw the kitchen sink at this game. And we....did not. Thoroughly out coached."
They need to run that shit. They couldnt handle the run
"Tucker: 3

Butker: 0"
Gonna be a long night if our defense keeps letting Tyreek burn em
"BUTKER AINT TUCKER, GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE"
HA!  Got nervous in front of the Goat
HAHAHAH that was worth giving the touchdown to see him miss. 2nd most accurate my ass
Don’t ever compare this kid to Tucker again
Best kicker in the NFL my ass lol
Run the ball. Roman better not shit himself like the Tenn game. Keep running it until they stop it.
These Refs are garbage
Come on bank personnel don’t be shy .... play the bullshit chant
This is an awful start. That 1st and 20 playcall was one of the worst things I've ever seen.
Hey refs they won the super bowl they don't need your help to stay competitive
refs are gonna take full control of this game smfh
I forgot how many soft fans in here. Its been 2 series! One bad call and some sputtering and I see people saying they are throwing in the towel. Cmon. We got this shit. Its 4 points.
everyone chill with the doom and gloom posts already.
116 years of experience at making bullshit calls
"Come on guys, get a fucking stop here"
We're gonna need some turnovers from our D
"Good shit, Campbell. Mahomes getting wide open receivers tho"
Ok. Put that quarter behind us
Why are we trying to strip the ball instead of tackle the ball carrier?
Lmao this thread.   This feels like old Ravens - Pats games.  We'll come back. Still only down 3 with 3 quarters to go.
Will the chiefs ever get called for holding? Or anything for that matter?
we need a marlon punch fumble rn
"The reality is the ground game has worked, but a fake tripping penalty making it 1st and 20 takes that away."
This is bad my dudes
Whole defense is getting exposed. Gotta give credit to the mind of Reid but damn this sucks.
Are we trying to go down 10+ to prove a point?
"Have a bad feeling we are about to get spanked. The energy levels are weird like the titans game, way too tight"
"Yes, the defense isn’t playing great, but a lot of the credit has to go to the chiefs play calling. That touchdown and the double fake screen then pass to the tight end are almost impossible to defend."
Holy fucking shit please don’t resign Judon.
[deleted]
"Tucker = 

#UNDISPUTED GOAT!"
All that genius playcalling for a return td counter. Must hurt.
That 3 and out was sooooo needed. They need some deserved rest on D now
RUN THE FUCKING BALL HOLY SHIT
Remember when the Chiefs couldn't stop the ground game on that first drive?
"Why the fuck is Greg Roman such a fucking nuthead when it comes to the chiefs? We’re down by 3, but he’s calling plays like we’re down by 30"
I'm pretty sure that Judon was actually right on time. But I can't blame the ref there it's a really tough call
"#Refs aren't even using lube tonight, just fucking us raw"
I’ve never seen the Ravens play SCARED smh. The Chiefs are officially in our heads
HOLDING???
Yeah... not much Peters could have done there
"How’s that not holding? 

Fucking refs"
Was I the only one who saw Snead and Boykin run at each other or am I tripping
"Looks like the key to beating the Ravens is shut down Marquise with physicality, limit the RBs and pray Lamar is off with Andrews."
Fire the stadium sound guy!!
The fact that Judon thinks he’s worth big money
We need big adjustments after the half
putting_on_clown_makeup.jpg
Hahahaha what a fucking waste of a day off
Why are we running a corner blitz with our best CB. Retarded
“ Elliots better than Earl it’s all good” Like he had to go but these takes  were hilarious
Ok I’m sorry but y’all calling us negative need to just stop. There is ZERO reason to be so tolerant with us playing this bad. It’s one thing if the score has been super close the whole game but this is getting outrageous.
Matt judon just runs as fast as he can around the tackle and tries to get to the QB and completely breaks contain. He does it every play.
15 million for Judon to not get a sack
"Why the fuck didn’t we call a timeout? Why are we rushing ourselves?

Offense looks awful, defense looks terrible. Not a good game.

This GIF war was for nothing"
This game reminds me of us against the Jaguars in London. It’s that bad.
"Holy shit guys wtf, andrews cant even catch a garbage time catch"
I mean at least their kicker fucking sucks
Andrews drop at the end was the icing on the shit cake.
The Chiefs don't even have THAT great of a defense. Oh lawdy lawd they better get better after this horrendous showing
What's sad is they don't even look somewhat competitive. They look awful.
"5 dropped passes and we abandoned the run game immediately after the game we 7-3. 

Inexcusable. The playcalling has been the worst tonight. I mean I just dont fucking understand why they would abandoned our bread and butter. But this is this is fucking stupid. Terrible fucking playcalling.."
I really woke up at 2AM for this shit huh
O-line is soft
Both sides of the ball need to play absolutely lights out to even have a chance at this comeback. Sorry boys I just don’t see it tonight
"Well, at least we aren't the falcons"
"I don’t even wanna bother checking twitter rn. I just know we’re getting roasted by everyone 
I’m"
We’re literally down the same amount as the week 3 game last year lmao
It’s the hope that kills you
"#https://imgflip.com/i/4gmixx

what we're all thinking"
At least we’re dominating on special teams
I'm optimistic the missed PAT and FG will work in our favor.
Give dobbins the damn ball. You drafted him in the second round for a reason.
P. S. Andy Reid is a very good coach. He's going to have them come out in the third and go for the kill shot.
"""Hey it's just 17 points""

Feels like 30000"
"I hate blaming the refs, but as soon as that bullshit tripping call came in I knew exactly how this game was gonna go"
"let's double our passing yards at least this drive

not asking for much"
"Seahawks fan here (Ravens are my AFC team because of family) you guys have got a whole half left, don't stress it you've got this"
OH MY GOD RUNNING WORKS?!??
Now we’ll run it when we don’t have that kind of time. Titans all over again.
When did Mark Andrew’s forget how to catch
Man Andrews is looking like complete and utter dogshit
"I never keep up with commentators and who is who, but these guys are absolute trash. Almost as bad as whoever is running our fake fans sound."
2 possession game but fuck man that hurts
"I swear whenever we have an off game, everyone is literally off."
Fuck Andrews man teach this dude how to fucking catch
Death. Taxes. Justin Tucker.
At least we know who the better kicker is now 😂😂
This is tough to watch. Hate to think this way but the coaches and players do not seem able to get properly prepared and execute in big games.
Andrews' hands are bricks tonight. 2 for 7 targets. Missed at least 2 very catchable balls. Can't best the best when our studs aren't doing it.
LJ Fort is our diamond in the rough
"Gotta admit, that was a really dumb call by KC there. Thanks alot!"
Love you MAndrews but time for some tough love. Llama don’t look that man’s way even if he’s got 30 yards of separation.
please don't drop fucking passes here
i want to see devin duvernay and jk dobbins on the field.
"The Steelers defense is better? We getting lit up by a future HOF, they got lit up by Jeff Driscoll LMAOOO"
If we stayed with running the ball this game could look very different
If actually ran the ball the first half  this chief d would be gassed the fuck out right now
"Clock doesn't stop when going out of bounds until I believe 5 min left in each half

Just FYI"
One score game! Get the fairweather fans the fuck out please.
Friendship with andrews ENDED. Boyle is my new best friend
BOYLE CAN CATCH THANK GOD
You know it ain’t Andrews night when Lamar looks for Boyle in the end zone
just about now is when marcus peters comes flying across our screen and takes it to the house
Sucks for the folks who already left for the parking lot
Is Wink physically capable of not calling a blitz?
"Judon gets owned on the blitz, Wink calls another heavy blitz and gives up the edge, Mahomed runs for easy 1st down. I am shocked I tell you"
Judon poopoo
The third down conversions are killing me
Oh no we suck again
Another issue with playing the WRs so far off the LOS is it give Mahomes so much room to move if he breaks
Holy fucking shit soo should have traded Judon to some sucker team and signed Clowney
Need a turnover or buttkiss miss
Imagine if we played half decently in the first half. Fuck.
why does that play work all the time when every team but us does it
Almost no Chiefs pass is contested at the point of the catch.
"Completely out coached, every trick play has just destroyed us"
Cant wait to watch that play on repeat for the next week
"ravens are straight up getting outcoached and outplayed. drops, questionable playcalling, penalties. absolute choke job."
All I’m gonna say is LEWIS & REED WOULD NEVER
Imagine getting paid 17 million to have 5 tackles so far Judon is such a bum
"Matthew ""Just because I keep getting pancaked, doesn't mean I don't deserve to be paid like an elite pass rusher"" Judon"
I will riot if we re-sign Judon
Are we... do we have an O line?
The fuck happened to our line man
"Entire team played like shit, except Duv and Tuck"
Why do we continue to shit the bed in these big games? Hopefully this lights a fire under the teams ass.
"This might have been one of the sorriest showings I've seen them play from all aspects. Other than duvernays TD return, I can't think of a single thing that went right. Pass rush, non-existent, offensive line, non-existent, run game forgotten, pass game atrocious as usual, pass defense way too weak"
"Let this be a learning experience. Gus should be getting 10-15 carries a game, MINIMUM. Don’t abandon the run. 

Oh and also, we desperately need a pass rusher, a safety, and OL help. Yes we’ve gotten outcoached but don’t let that overshadow the serious holes we have on this roster that will continue to get exposed against elite teams if they’re not addressed."
I got flashbacks to the titans playoff game throughout this one. Just seemed like we were on the backfoot almost the entire game but the ravens gave us glimmers of hope throughout
Well I guess this was better than sitting in the stands at the Titans game trying to moderate on my phone.
I’m gonna feel really bad for Washington once all the anger from this loss comes to fruition...shame we abandoned the run.
At least the Browns didn't do this to us.
"Chiefs defense is no joke and Lamar still almost had 100 rushing yards. He missed that pass to Hollywood throwing it short but that’s 1 bad throw-it’s going to happen. 

I thought the defense was much more to blame. I feel like the chiefs didn’t punt the ball all night. This is supposed to be the best defense in the league."
Give credit where credit is due. These are disgustingly well done play calls.
"Lamar just had a bad night, no way around it.  Big games seem to be a struggle for him. Honestly that’s scary, but we still have plenty of season left"
"What the fuck is wrong with some of the people in this thread? Its a disappointing performance from a lot of people, absolutely. It's not a fun match to watch. But Greg Roman must be fired, 8 is a running back, we're a national embarrassment and need to rebuild? We're 22-4 with Jackson + Roman, we're playing against the goddamn Chiefs. Its true we're not playing nearly as well as we expect but some people need to get their bandwagon asses out of here or calm the fuck down."
This feels like the Titans game again.
"Alright so if you’re gonna shit on this team after basking in our victories over the past 2 years you can fuck right off


Those who will stay, let’s root for this team to at least make it a one possession game by the end of the 4th. Hopefully good things come from this team after this first half beating we’ve taken so far."
"Imagine being hyped a whole week for this. 

Let’s destroy the football team."
Blame of the game is Andrews. Anyone who says otherwise didn't watch the first half
That was not a good call at all
Seems like we got hyper conservative on those two pass plays oddly enough
We were running all over them why tf we passin on that 3rd and 3
butker has a poster of tucker in his bedroom
Greg Roman cannot get cute with the play calling this game
I’ll take a lead to start the game
A little known rule you might not know is that holding rules actually don’t apply to the the KC chiefs OL
Tucker > Butker
And Romo said he's the best in the league
better than tucker lol
buttlickers reign as #1 lasted a whole week lmfao
FUCK THIS REF
Oh it's going to be one of THOSE games refs?
"Ah, I see the refs have decided early on that the Ravens are not allowed to win this game"
These refs suck lol. Watch them penalize Tavon again.
Harbs unhappy and rightfully so
Harbaugh is a god damn hero
Thanks refs
alright lets go D put Mahomes on his ass
Are we trying to win without making a tackle or what.
Campbells a big boi eh
Alright Campbell earn that money
"Regardless of how we defend this drive, we're getting 5 wide on 1st down next drive, playoffs Roman."
Defense is having their aggressiveness used against them. Someone needs to calm them down.
We need this type of game. How things are going will only make us better for the season.
i need lamar to put on a mixtape show next drive
We better be drafting a pass rusher next year.
Jihad Ward is always making plays Wolfe never is. Really think we should stick with Ward
Outcoached again....
Wooooooow. They're clowning our defense right now. Shit
"Best defense in football?

The Chargers held the Chiefs down for 3 quarters longer than we have so far."
how many screens can be thrown at us before we learn to stop it
"Devin ""Jacoby"" Duvernay"
All you hating fucks GET OUT!
Our poor defense tho lmao
Justin Kicker might as well be his name lol
I'm glad we brought Jacoby Jones back!
Now everyone’s going to act like they weren’t saying we were dogshit. I love this fan base six days a week but fuck you guys are annoying on game day.
Fuck it offense runs thru Duv tonight
Defense gets no break 🤣. Time to wake up.
JUSTIN KICKER IS BACK
Run. It. Down. Their. Throats.
Even Lamar is sick of all the commercials
Excellent job by Proche there. Most Ravens past would've fair-caught that.
Duv was flying 💨 https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1310747581102911488?s=20
Joe Biden will raise the price of peanut butter and the only thing standing between us and alien invasions is Tonald Drump
And we abandon the run for no reason
3rd and 6? Throw it 3 yards every time
"Fucking hell Roman, don't give up on the run so God damn quick"
Perfeft throw to andrews there tbh
Man fuck greg roman. Every fucking time he does this shit
Finally the new fans can get a taste of real™️ ravens football
"Roman and shitting the bed against the Chiefs, name a better combo"
Poor decision making. Why are we throwing 3 downs? For fuck sake I’m having flashbacks of Tennessee. RUN THE MOTHERFUCKING BALL
3rd down throw short of the sticks.  Classic Ravens football.
Why did we stop running it? Calm down guys and slow the pace.
Really love this play calling. Passing has always been our strongest hand. Who even runs the ball anyway?
50 year old James Harrison would be an upgrade over this pass rush
"Feels like the Titans game - these balls need to be caught, help a QB out!"
"We are playing one of the worst run defenses in the league, we had the best run offense last year, we kept FOUR RBs on the roster (3 active tonight), and we have the most electric running QB ever in the game... WHY THE FUCK ARE WE PASSING EVERY FUCKING PLAY???"
I'm tired of watching Mahomes pass the ball 10+ yards down the field and Roman is calling this dink/dunk bs
That was a clean jump.
Why do we always look like a peewee team against the chiefs?
"Not timed?! No hold call? Ok, im drinking kool aid. This is some bullshit. Let's overcome but some rough things happening"
Judon wasn’t offside WTF
i need a replay of the Judon offside penalty.
"Juiceman played that well.  Hats off to Mahomes/Hill.

Sheesh."
So whose ready for 3 straight passing plays and a three-and-out?
"We're making the Chiefs look unbeatable, even though they have rice paper run defense. WHY AREN'T WE RUNNING THE BALL?"
There's that goddamned play again.  They need to fucking stop it.
wait the chiefs are allowed to have penalties
This is laughable
They are going to have to at least pretend like they can throw deep to hollywood.
Holy fuck why did I hype myself up for this shit
"Harbaugh had better give this gaggle of fucking pillocks an absolute bollocking in the dressing room.

This is fucking ridiculous."
are you kidding right now? SEVEN passing yards...
We’re being exposed. They’re walking over our defense and containing our offense.
"I'm sure I speak for all of us, Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckity fucking fuck."
yay! everything we call isnt working!
This is so much worse than the score. Fuck this is bad.
Oh no...... *titans flashbacks*
"It’s just 10 points 
It’s just 10 points 
It’s just 10 points"
Holy shit that tackling is awful.
Play calling hasn't been the best but yall are bias as fuck if you can't see that Lamar looks like shit right now.
This isn't even the titans game. This is the fucking chargers game with shittier defensive play on our part.
"Ok yes this game is over the way we’re playing but don’t lose hope. When the Baltimore Ravens shit the bed it is a collective effort. These aren’t bad players and this is not a bad team, we just didn’t prep and got our teeth kicked in. This one is on the coaches for their soft ass play calling."
"""FaIrWeAtHeR fAnS oUt""

Not fairweather. Just pissed"
we are free as fuck right now bruh I know Mahomes is fucking legit but christ man he almost has 300 yds passing before half time... WHERE IS OUR ELITE DEFENSE
Absolutely nothing Lamar can do about that. Ridiculous that he gets sacked that quickly when they're only rushing 4.
Why do we miss every potential sack
This might be the most humiliating first half I’ve seen in nfl history
"Please go back and watch Judon on that second down play.

Trust me. Do it."
"Is Ingram out?

Why do we always abandon the run in high stakes games?

It’s what got us here!"
"Just like the Titans game. Pathetic. Had chances in the first quarter. But instead, they decide to be cute, play scared, not catch balls, and play with a defeatist attitude."
Judon is the guy who wants get paid like a top 3 guy but he wants to shitdick half of his plays. Fuck him
Mahomes has someone open Every. Single. Play.
"We keep blitzing a blitz beater and expect to compete on D. 

Defense hasn't been the problem today (Inept offense) but good lord... stop shooting yourself in the foot."
Fuck Greg Roman.
Well at least we are showing Tucker is the better kicker
Good thing Butker sucks.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH DEBATE OVER
[deleted]
at least it's clear as day who the best kicker is
We get embarrassed on national TV but at least tucker wins the kicking war.
Well at least we will walk away knowing tucker > buker
That drop summed up the first half pretty well I'd say
Is it just me or do Mandrew’s hands just fucking disappear in big games?
"""Steve, what jumped out at you about the first half?""

*extremely long silence*

Same man. Same."
I talked so much shit at the end of the work day.  Fuck.... gonna Pay tomrw.
hey it’s only week 3 gotta improve a ton obviously can’t win every game gotta play the half of our lives to win
Young needs to fire his hair and make up crew.
I feel like the offense could score on every possession here on out and we would still lose. Defense getting torched
Wow we are making his chief's defense look like the 85' bears defense out there wtf
It makes me sad how old Berman looks
The last time we won a game after trailing at the half was against the Browns in November of 2016.
"Shit night for sports.

Stars are losing and the Ravens are losing. This sucks."
[deleted]
"EDC needs to have a come-to-Jesus talk with Harbs and the coordinators. This big game bed-shittery must end. Then he needs to get on the fucking phone and make something happen re: pass rushers.

Windows in this league are super short and realistically we can't afford to be the Manning Colts if Lamar is going to run as much as he does (though I know we have been pulling that back a lot), as that reduces his shelf life/how long we have him for."
"Is it time to consider dropping Roman if this continues? Where he pisses himself and completely abandons the run if we're down at all. This is the Titans game all over again, or the week 4 Browns game, or the Chiefs game last year. If we're down at all, abandon the run and call the most predictable dink and dunk passing possible, never mind that Lamars been one of the best deep ball throwers the past two weeks. When he panics you'd think we were in the Marty Flacco era with how spineless and predictable it is. Having at least 3-4 drops certainly isn't helping."
Harbaugh or Roman shit the bed not calling at least one timeout during that fumble drive. We had three and were moving the ball effectively. Could have used one to save at least 15 seconds and set up a game plan for the rest of the drive.
I still don’t get it. How do you march down the field running the ball and then just abandon it entirely?? They could not stop the run.
I changed jerseys so were good now guys dont worry
Mahomes is about to drag Wink Martinsdales wife on the field and fuck her and he wouldn't be able to stop that either
If the offense wastes this fumble and doesnt get a td i might crg
It's crazy our DBs force more fumbled than our fucking DL and OLBs lol
We should've paid Zardarius Smith
Did Lamar just double his pass yards
#1ST DOWN ACCOMPLISHED
Hollywood what are you doing dude.
Hollywood fucking stretch forward my god
CATCH THE FUCKING BALL ANDREWS FUCK ME MAN
"ANDREWS FFS, WHEN YOU TOUCH YOUR OWN BALLS DO YOU DROP THEM TOO????????????? COME ON"
At least we have JT. Got a game again. Defense time to play big
It should be more than a 14 point game honestly based on how we’re playing
"Again, Lamar has not been good tonight but HOLY SHIT Mark Andrews has been awful."
"Jesus Christ, Andrews fucking sucks tonight"
I see the Mark Andrews from the Titans game has appeared
everyone wants to talk about how lamar doesn’t show up in big games. it’s mark andrews who doesn’t show up. swear every time there’s a big game he can’t catch
This is why Mark Andrews will not get paid like he wants to be
"Defense is gonna need another takeaway, probably 2 if we wanna win this game."
Andrews needs to undress and sit on the bench the rest of the night. Seriously. I'm not just venting here.
Lamar aint the problem
I hope Lamar has the patience to not fucking lose his goddamn mind on Andrews for royally fucking the game.
Can MP stop covering from fucking 10 YARDS AWAY
LETS GOOOO COME ON
7 here and it’s a ballgame.
That Andrews TD would've been great right now.  But I still believe
"Can we stop blitzing please??

Mahomes is gonna keep making good throws even under pressure, he's too good. Focus on putting the pressure on receivers so we can get some picks or at least stop them constantly driving up field"
"Freaky L about to wake up, I feel it coming"
"These commentators are horrid. ""Get Andrews more involved"" are we watching the same game? He drops everything thrown his way tonight"
We need to go for it on any fourth that is 4 yards or less.
DA WHEELS ON DA BUS GO ROUND N ROUND
"Is this the endzone?  
No this is the redzone.  
Well how do we get to the endzone?  
Number 35 bus."
Gus is the best rb on this team
Keep Ingram on the fucking bench
"Uh, why did the 3rd just end? Lamar went out of bounds"
I swear the announcers look like they don't want the Ravens to come back.
BOYLE SLAMMING HIS MEAT ON THE TABLE LETS FUCKIN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
BOYLE DOING A MANDREWS IMPRESSION
"Friendship ended with Andrews

Now Boyle is my best friend"
Friendship ended with Mandrews. Boyle is my best friend now
BIG DICK NICK WILL GO HARD
so mad that andrews didn't hold on to that td now
im gonna fucking weep if we pull this out. im really proud of this team already
"Whyyyyy is there so much Andrews hate tonight lol I get it, he dropped a couple balls but yeeeeesh you peeps are ruthless"
"Legit though that was picked, almost shat myself.

Cmon boys. Let’s go."
Don’t blitz tell your 4 guys they need to get nasty
"I’ve seen fewer holes in a fucking pineapple dwelling sponge, our secondary is ass"
I just want this man to be sacked
I think I'm just angry cause Mahomes is so good...
"All Judon does is fall on his face whenever he rushes the passer.

The dude is useless. Most overpaid trash heap in the league."
We're doing all this scheming for Judon and he's still not getting home
I’m generally a Matt Judon apologist but the guy could not possibly be playing any worse.
Judon not getting paid this offseason
Why does our “rush” fall over all the time.
Deshon Elliot is not good
"Judon? More like Judoff, amirite? Haha... Pain."
Give me a fucking break. God damnit. Lose the game on that 3rd down conversion and a TD to a fat fucking OL. Kill me.
"Our D has never played well against the Chiefs, let's just be honest. This is the 3rd time they've choked against them"
Wink has the adjustment of a speeding freight train. Endless heavy blitzes even though Mahomes has been eating them alive all game long. You'd think he'd learn at some fucking point and adjust. It's like I'm watching a Madden defense
Man welp atleast we were hyped as fuck for about 10 minutes
"there is zero reason that drive should ended in a touchdown with the chances we had

pitiful"
How have they not been called for a single hold this game
is that coach ted lasso available?
At least we won the biggest battle of this game: Tucker vs Butker
Also it's pretty funny seeing the Steelers fans in the /r/nfl thread. They actually think they are the better team after playing some of the worst teams in the league
Why is Jackson dropping back 10 damn yards each play? I get trying to give yourself space but Jesus.
This O Line is an embarrassment
Our Oline is a huge problem
Our O-line can make Judon look good
"welp. that's game. if this kind of loss had to happen, i'm happy it happened in week 3 but we have things to improve upon. it's like the browns loss in week 4 of last year. it's not that i'm pressing panic, it's that i think there are adjustments to be made. luckily, i think the team and coaching staff can do it."
"We need to get over this mental “big game” barrier as it’s the same narrative each time. Lose identity, play from behind and make mistakes."
"Lamar has to hit that pass he missed Brown on, that destroyed all hope"
"I think we can still win a shit load of games this year. But winning against the teams that count is where I'm concerned. We can't beat machines blitzing him. If we have the pleasure of playing the chiefs in the playoffs, we can't do this shit against them.  Man do I ever hate Matthew Judon."
Dont understand why we played so scarred in the first half.
Definitely should be 5-1 headed into the Steelers game. That’ll be a good barometer to see improvement
blame of the game 1)HORRIBLE PLAY CALLING 2)JUDON can't be max and be a non factor unacceptable
Dude literally had someone riding on his back.
The chiefs screens have worked every time against us every attempt the last 3 years
So did this team forget how to tackle?
Hard for Lamar to look good .When he has no time to throw. Hard to get a completion when your WR’s get zero separation. Hard to win with a running offense when behind.
"Lamar doesnt have a bad arm, we have awful route combos. I think he could make mose of these throws that mhomes has made tonight"
My biggest anger tonight is the amount of zone coverage we ran tonight. We have the corners to matchup. Zone coverage against mahomes is a death wish
Losers formation? Never seen that one before. Nice last punch to the nuts to end the night
Hopefully the Football Team becomes our punching bag next week
When we didn’t go 4th in the first I knew something was wrong
Gus wasn’t even part of the picture . That’s a problem
They didn't call any holding. That's cool I guess
At least all these fake ass fans can hop off the bandwagon
"This is another step of growth for the Ravens. Being able to come back from these types of games. I have confidence in spite of the first half, that they'll look competent in the second half."
Outcoached everywhere but special teams.  Coaches learned exactly nothing from the Titans loss.  Abandon the run when you are down by 3 points.  Blitz every single 3rd down and never get a stop.
"So the defense was terrible. Lamar was terrible. Andrews was AWFUL. O-line was terrible. Worst part was the coaching. Dreadful coaching.

My biggest fear is that this team can’t handle adversity. We’re 27 games into the Lamar era and there has never been a single defining comeback moment. This team gets down, its over. Also, Judon sucks. Also, Andrews randomly decides to suck at inopportune times. He was AWFUL against the Titans. I worry this team shrinks in the spotlight. All of them, including Lamar."
Wow this Trump ad is just fucking lies
Jesus Christ as a Chiefs fan that was an abysmal call there.
How much did they get to be in that trump commercial
BIG hold by the centre. Gotta call those
I’ll never expect this team to beat the chiefs or win a playoff game until i see it happen. We shouldn’t be getting embarrassed by the chiefs every time.
lets never have a gif war again
Tucker can't miss kicks if we don't get into scoring position. Butker has already missed two. Checkmate motherfuckers
The Chiefs are not the Falcons. I can't see them giving up a 3 score lead. They're too disciplined and too good. They won't get complacent.
"Mark ""Gus Edwards"" Ingram and Orlando ""Ronnie Stanley"" Brown"
THEY TOOK QUEEN OUT THE GAME.
matt judon is worthless
Their playcalling is miles ahead
i swear baker mayfield has more commercials than he has wins
Does hearing commentators talk about truzz make anyone else mega cringe?
Why didn’t we run that shit
Why would you have Andrews block on a pass play on 3rd down....
got way too cute at the end of that drive... bleh
 We needed 3 damn yards. They couldn’t stop the run. Just run it twice.
This defense looking bad right now
A lot of money to Judon to not be able to fucking set an edge
HAHAHAHAHAA SHANK!\~!!
"Fuck yeah, Tucker wins already!"
HAHA REMEMBER WHEN THIS GUY WAS BETTER THAN TUCKER
“Best kicker in the league”
"Well, we’re in the same position the chiefs were a few minutes ago"
People acting like we ain't playing possibly the greatest offense of all time yall need to calm
Tucker still the best....no arguments!
aint it nice to have the best kicker in the nfl
What is this feeling?!?! Being stressed by a regular season game. Im already stressed
"He was the best kicker in football for literally a week lmaoo you know where to find the 🐐!

At the bank"
Saints fan here. Ravens are definitely my AFC favorite. Always love seeing Mark Ingram play. Let’s get that win baby!!!
what the fuck are these calls
#THESE CALLS ARE BULLSHIT
Damn Harbaugh is furious
"&#x200B;

John Harbaugh not happy with the Refs. Understandably so..."
That's a really bad call
"that's a fucking block

fuck off"
Tripping.... what a BS call!
It’s clear that the NFL thinks Mahomes is better for the league and these flags are proof.
Drop dead ref crew
"Abandoned the run already, forced to pass."
Offense is looking off and uninspired again just like they did last week despite actually doing ok
Well the refs did their job to take our edge off
Greg is shitting the bed hard this drive
Couldn't protect against a 4man rush fml
What a BULLSHIT call
WHY DO WE ALWAYS TRY TO BE FUCKING CUTE AGAINST STRONG TEAMS?
And the refs stop the drive with a tripling call
One bad call ends in disaster.
Calls have been down since week 1 and NOW they start getting flag happy on the biggest MNF game probably this entire season?
These refs are always out to get us when we play them.
"Chill mofos, its 10 min into the first. We'll figure it out, we need these kinds of games"
The NFL is treating the Chiefs like the Patriots now. Fuck them and fuck Mahomes
Jesus y’all gotta relax. It might actually be good to get the team some experience playing from behind with pressure on. And harbs is the king of halftime adjustments so just breathe for a sec lol
Obviously some bullshit calls by the ref but we still look like shit regardless. I’d rather our kick in the teeth come week 3 against Mahomes than in the playoffs again tho
At least Humphrey came to play
Just stop blitzing. It doesn't work against mahomes.
"Yes, play 10 yards off of Kelce.

Brilliant strategy."
LB inexperience is gonna make screens an issue. And Reid is a screen king.
I think that tackle by Humph was the only time so far we were able to tackle a Chief with only 1 defender lol
"The defense isn't doing great, but at the end of the day, not many defenses do good against Mahomes. 

The offense on the other hand needs to get their shit together and look like they're playing with some confidence."
We probably would be ahead if it wasn’t for that bullshit tripping call
Judon starting that late hit BS again
Goddamn we look sluggish as hell LETS GOOOOO
Peters better come up with a pick to make up for playing like garbage right now
"Having no pass rush will be the end of this team, why didn’t we go after Clowney"
You guys are the least fun when we are losing. Literally 3/4 of the game left
Judon with that late hit again... I hate that shit
"At least last year we were rocking Mahomes during/after the throw. He's been mostly clean all game, save for screens."
Their play design is so creative
We HAVE to get a TD this drive or this is gonna get out of hand
"Chiefs play calling so far has quite literally been flawless, need to make some adjustments. The multiple options plays are really throwing us for a whirl"
Holy shit I never want to see anyone laugh at another thread being negative again
DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUV
FINALLY SOME LIFE
LETS GO!!!!!!!!!!!! WE NEEDED THAT
THE NEW JACOBY JONES
Jacoby flashbacks
JUSTIN KICKER!!!!
"""Justin Kicker"" is back for the Ravens"
Justin Kicker is right
D gonna be gassed tho
CMON DEFENSE!!!
"I know it's extremely pessimistic, but the defense getting gassed and then having to go right back out after we scored a quick TD like that worries me a bit.

Hopefully the morale boost offsets that."
Haven’t seen shit like that since jacoby jones
"Only thing, our defense has to go back on the field, and I know they're already tired"
"Love to see it taken to the house, but would also like to see the D have a moment to catch its breath."
GOT THE FUCKING STOP BOYS
"ALL

PART

OF

THE

PLAN"
That return TD did a lot more than give us 7 points. Rejuvenated the whole squad
[Ravens force a 3 and out](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/034/033/cover4.jpg)
Nice catch on that return. Don’t ever fuckin do it again!
Proche wants his now our young rookies hungry you love to see it fuck a flock hater baby whoooo whooooo big mf trusssss
We need to get Proche and Duverney more reps at receiver they’ve been nothing but productiveeee
"Uh, someone should tell Steve Levy that Devin Duvernay isn't back there fielding that punt because that isn't even his job."
Okay.  Lamar finally woke up.
This game alone had better punt and kick returns than we did all of last season lmao
#INOZZIEWETRUST
The Donald needs to raise his own fucking taxes.
I swear it's like we just decided to stop running
"Flacco Flashbacks. 3rd and 6, we throw for 2."
Abandoned the run again.
God the offense just went 2018
"The offense doesn't feel relaxed, not in sync.  They, like us here, need to focus."
I would just like to point out that we are still averaging 10 yards per carry. And we are refusing to run the ball.
Roman once again abandons the run
[deleted]
Why aren’t we running?
"WE DIDNT EVEN RUN ONCE, WTF"
ah yes call a 3 yard cross on a 3rd and 6.
Getting Tennessee vibes from this game
I don't like this playcalling
3 passes in a row??? Yeah that worked so well against the Titans too
Establish the run game
"2 drops in a row when we marched down the field on the first drive with all runs.... What the actual fuck is going on.

This is literally the titans playoff game."
"This is exactly how we lost that playoff game. 

Passed too much. No one caught a ball. Defense got tired and got beat."
"Abandon the run, drop passes, and throw short of the marker.  Sounds like a recipe for success."
"shit play calling, we were running it down their throats earlier, why!"
"KC has one of the worst rush defenses in the league...

“Hey, let’s throw it on 3 downs in a row”"
Why this team starts panicking and abandoning their main strategy whenever they go behind is beyond me. Smash mouth offense only works if you *continually* pound the ball.
"This is just like the Titans game, we abandon the run for no fucking reason and start digging the hole deeper when there's no reason to. Roman gets spooked as soon as we're down by anything at all and abandons our bread and butter"
Andrews drops a 30 yard pass and roman calls some bullshit on 3rd down again
"Greg Roman, all you need to do is call normal plays. it's 2nd and 6.  
Greg Roman: One quadruple coverage special coming right up."
Thats not offside that's perfect timing
Peters getting pooped on 💩
Just bench Judon
DID THEY NOT HAVE BRANDON WILLIAMS’S JERSEY???
Imagine paying Judon more than the league minimum.
Can’t blame all this on the defense. The offense looks worse.
"The guy controlling the fans needs to run the d-fence chant, not the boos"
That’s what happens when you punt to mahomes n company and don’t capitalize
We are just getting beat on all levels but special teams
What a bullshit offsides
"The refs shit is bullshit, but lets not act like our defense is playing well. Now we’re gonna come out and throw the ball three more times. Then we’re in trouble."
"Can Duvernay get us another TD?

Because our WRs and TEs can’t do shit for us at the moment, and Roman seems to have forgotten about the run game."
"That was an amazing pass, credit."
"RUN THE GODDAMNED BALL!
The run was working. Stay with it."
Tough to rush the passer when you're getting strangled every play
Judon didnt move until the center snapped... it was close but I dont think that's an offsides
"We are a running team, run the fucking ball."
Run the ball. 6 min drive. Score 7. Down by 3 at half. Our defense hasnt had a breather all night. Greg is probably not gonna run it 10 more times this game. It is absolutely ridiculous.
"Bad calls so far:  Imaginary hands to the face, tripping, and offsides on Judon."
Wtf is this offense?
Yikes.... what happened to our offense...
"All of Lamar's passes have looked off, not good."
Snead and boykin took each other out on that play
"This offense is built on the run. Why are we not using it more often? We’re only down ten. Run the damn clock down, score and then come back after halftime. This is so frustrating to watch. Get ready for the 4th quarter almost comeback."
Ravens realize the Chiefs get the ball in the second half right?
We have more missed tackles than yards on offense
lamar looking pretty average tonight
Unfortunate but this team disappears when even a little bit of pressure is on them. They don't have the grit or the leaders like the 2012 team did.
In comes the people that cry about us being negative when we are looking like ass rn
my god run the ball stop abandoning it
Why is literally everyone (except Duvernay) playing like trash? This is embarrassing af.
Ravens have lost around 20 straight games when trailing at the half. Don’t see that changing :/
being down is our obvious weakness. when we’re down we don’t run the ball for some reason and it really hurts us.
Can they stop with the freaking cheering noise wtf
Stop being so down. This is the SB winning team. We are an amazing team
"I get we can't entirely blame one person, but what is with roman and not knowing how to call plays"
Everything about this game is awful holy shit.
I hope Harbaugh absolutely lays into this fucking team in the locker room at halftime. We are getting completely embarrassed on national TV and we’re supposed to be the team that can beat KC
"It's only 10 points guys, things can change. But I understand the complaints, not looking good."
"This is not Baltimore football. Lamar looks like he’s alone out there and the defence is playing scared, not physical at all. I’m so confused as to what the fuck is going on here!"
Why blitz 44 we are playing fucking stupid
"3rd and 14 and you blitz your best DB.

Only Martindale.

Dude is clueless."
Incoming ‘huurrr durrr Why are u guys overreacting??’ Bitch...stfu we’re getting blown out
"you

cant

blitz

mahomes

please

fucking

stop

it"
Dale and Greg need to do Laps around the whole stadium until we say stop
Judon is ass
"People can keep karma grabbing with the ""it's not over yet"" or ""there's still plenty of football left"" nonsense, but the defense has quit and the offense hasn't done shit since the first drive, this game is over."
I just don't get it... We're literally unrecognizable against the Chiefs.
I’m bringing out the wine if they score again
Jesus fucking Christ we have to lead the league in most times gently caressing the QB without getting a sack
The chiefs defense is not good. How the fuck is our offense this bad
Playoff litmus test and failing on all cylinders lol.
Cant wait for the comeback attempt that amounts to nothing lol
Thought the Chiefs D was supposed to be trash. Wtf is this?
We're getting outcoached.
"What. The. Fuck. 

No juice at all.  Defense playing soft and scared.  Offensive play calling is worse than shit.  Andy Reid outclassing our coaching. This is embarrassing."
"Mahomes isn't even looking for 1st down at this point lol. He's literally looking for a TD every play, 1st down is an easy alternative if he finds nothing for TD."
Butker is officially on #FraudWatch
"LMFAO GET FUCKED, BUTKER."
Tonight’s silver lining: Tucker is leagues above Butker and it’s never been close
"Win or lose, at least the media will shut the fuck up about Butker"
This is why Clowney was needed but I guess “we didn’t need it”
Does Lamar have something wrong with him? I mean seriously. This is real bad. Maybe it’s all mental?
Whole team needs a snickers
What the fuck mandrews has had like 4 balls hit him in the hands.
"Well.. Harbs is ""coach of the year"" so lets see what he comes up with"
WHY CANT ANYONE CATCH THE FUCKING BALL
"Lessons learned from the first half: defense needs to wake up, offense needs to get their shit together, Butker ain't shit Tucker is still the GOAT"
The Chiefs know our offense is shitting the bed so they can just chill and take deep shots down field. It's worked so far.
can we at least make it close please.
How about we RUN the ball after halftime?
"Christ, I am not drunk enough for this shit."
"Maybe this will be like the browns loss last year, make us realize that hype doesn’t win games and actually play good football"
"Greg Roman: *taps head* ""Can't let the Chiefs get a good run defense if you don't run the ball"""
"I really don't care if we lose.

I just hope we show up. We deserve some sense of good plays for once.

Please"
"Something I have noticed - our team reads way to many headlines. We need to have a ravens cabin and make these guys live with no fucking Internet so they can stop googling them selevs and watching talk shows say shit about them all the time. Focus on football. Stop getting in your head and making big games these massive deals. I can't see why we play so soft against teams in big games like this other than the team just sitting and watching first take and undisputed and thinking ""wE aLrEaDy w0N - WE aRe sOoOoO g0oD"""
Why is thatwhen we are behind we just give up?
Andy Reid is working us. I mean at least it’s week 3 but holy shit this is a red flag
[removed]
I'd pay good money to absolutely snap Steve Levy's jaw.
#Can't wait to do literally anything with this ball for the love of god please
THANK YOU CHUCK FOR BEING A COMPETENT SAFETY
"IT’S NOT THE BREAK WE DESERVED, BUT IS THE BREAK WE NEEDED!"
Gotta score now.
We need a TD on this drive if we want to win.
didnt learn a damn thing
How did Yanda leaving make the left side of the line so much worse?
Illegal snap how in the fuck
What the absolute fuck
Why the FUCK is Romans passing so fucking predictable and conservative when we're down. This play-calling is embarrassing as fuck by Roman. Nothing but screens and dinks and dunks. If you're gonna throw let him stretch the field
STICK YOUR ARMS OUT
Ngl i kinda forgot lamar can scramble like that with the amount he's been passing
How was that not illegal contact from Hitchens? Leveled Ingram downfield way before ANY pass?
"Oh look at that RUNNING THE BALL IS WORKING.

Entirely different game if they stuck with the run. Jesus this is so frustrating to see this working so good IN THE 3RD QUARTER"
"Wait, you mean KC can’t stop the run? Didn’t we see that on the first drive?"
This is a fucking joke.
We only need 5 more from tucker and we win. We got this
2 7 minute drives for 6 points
How do you let yourself get a false start on 4th down...
I miss Yanda :(
"Not gonna lie, Mark is my guy but I still get annoyed at him shouting at Lamar in the Browns loss last year for a bad pass seeing as he makes so many inexcusable mistakes"
"Andrews with two bad drops just like the Titans game. Please show up in big games, Mark. Thank you."
Incoming pick 6 LEHHGOOOOO
"okay so we don’t stick to the run game early, when we go back to it the passing game opens up, when the passing game opens up our receivers (TE) can’t catch. Nice."
WHY IS EVERYONE WIDE FUCKING OPEN
"Btw, now I understand how annoying it is when a broadcasting team sucks off Lamar. They’ve had Mahomes dick in their mouth all night long 😂"
#run the ball
It ain't over. This is what happens when you stick to your identity.
Pls start a comeback
FUCK YES DEFENSE
That's what I'm talking about. Now can we please put up an OFFENSIVE TOUCHDOWN?
My word. Defense did something. Let's get 3 more on the board!
IF WE WIN THIS GAME IM ORDERING A LAMAR JERSEY 5 SECONDS AFTER THIS GAME ENDS
Jesus fuck Wolfe literally looked like an animal there I was scared of him from my home
"It honestly seems like they're try to fuck around with us, I really hope it bites them in the ass"
I'm telling you. If they wast the next drive with passes. I'm going to board a plane come to Baltimore and tell them not to do it again.
i really just want them to come back and give them a game. that would give me so much more faith in this team than i had at halftime.
Get him involved? He drops everything thrown at him
im fully prepared for the inevitable mahomes patented fuck you he has the past 2 times to shatter me
Unleash the Gus Bus!!!
"There's 16 minutes left in this game, and you need at least 2TDs. Maybe snap the ball with more than 3 seconds on the clock once in a while?"
"Defense finally getting turnovers

Offense is getting back to what made it good

Oh yeah it all coming together"
RUN THE FUCKING BALL WITH GUS BUS WHERE HAS THIS BEEN
Why couldn’t we have this play calling in the 1st half
I thought the clock was suppose to stop?
Glad we decided to remember how to run the ball when it's late in the second half.
"imagine if 

**THE CHIEFS BLEW A 27-10 LEAD**"
how come we always bring out this guy only at the middle of the 3rd and he immediately starts tearing up the field?
RIDE. THAT.  BUS.
Playing like shit in the first half was all part of the plan. Now we have them where we want them. Andy Reid is playing checkers while Harbaugh is playing 8 dimensional chess.
"To nobody’s surprise, we break out the heavy personnel sets and start running our way down the field... it’s almost like we’re a run-first team or something"
THATS OUR PASS CATCHING TIGHT END NICK BOYLE
#TOOOOOOUUUUUUUCHDOWN RAVENS
Boyle staying late tonight to give Mandrews catching lessons.
We're down 7. Let's fucking go. Defense get a stop cuz they're about to hit us hard.
Game would be tied if it weren’t for all the drops in 1st half
YES THE OTHER WHITE 80-SOMETHING TIGHT END
"It literally feels like the Chiefs have played a near perfect game and we have played a terrible game, yet we’re only down by 7 with a quarter to play."
Boyle stole Andrews hands
I need a Marlon strip and I need it now
Yo these blitzes are fucking telegraphed to em
"Even when we get there he makes the play. Mahomes may be the best QB I’ve ever seen. Fuck him right now, but respect where it’s due."
This fake crowd noise is grating.
Matt Judon is terrible
I want Judon off this team so bad.
"Again, Judon, non factor. Would prefer another guy with a hand in the dirt, covering kelce or in a soft zone. All better options than wasting a body blitzing a guy who will just run past Judon every time."
Judon is a moron.
I MISS Z
"We need to stop doing these fruity fuckin blitzes w judon, line him up on the edge and contain ffs"
"Looks like your body being made by Taco Bell isn’t helping you, eh Judon?"
"The amount of miscommunication on a long week is killing us, how do you have an extra day and leave dudes wide the fuck open"
Judon has to be the worst player to get franchise tagged
LOL LEFT TACKLE EVEN SCORED
Lol they are seriously trying to embarrass us and its happening
It's incredible to me hoW WIDE OPEN EVERYONE IS
Out coached all game
"Our defense man, just getting schooled"
Pass rush continues to be imaginary
Titans game PTSD *intensifies*
"GG Chiefs. I'd rather it be you than the Steelers. Good night, all. I'm too pissed off drunk to watch the rest of this"
HOLDING. OFFENSIVE LINE. NO PENALTY FIRST DOWN
Coaches need to look in the mirror. KC came with a creative gameplan while our guys went through the motions
"As pissed as I am, it is literally taking some sort of ridiculous performance from the consensus best offense ever to beat us like this. The refs have surely made some bad calls, but I won't blame them for this game. Greg Roman needs to pull his dick out of his own ass and actually create a game plan."
"Not a ravens fan, refs are a serious problem in the NFL this season. It was a miracle the Bill's won yesterday's game, absolutely fuckery by the refs. No appreciation for small market teams."
Oline can't block for shit
Lamar has played atrocious
What the FUCK was that Lamar????
"Yanda, where have thou gone?"
Lamar has 0 time to pass.
Welp. Bring on the Football Team
I miss Yanda.
That’s not on Boykin
we can only play with a lead
Even Ronnie Stanley out here allowing sacks
Bullshit effort by the oline this game! They always look like crap against kc and for no good reason either
"We should try having our D line protect Lamar, when they’re out there no one gets to the QB!"
Love the guy but thats on Lamar. Both sacks he could have escaped forwards but he felt the pressure and panicked backwards into a sack
"They made the Chiefs look better than they are. Like, the Chiefs are good, but the Ravens outplayed themselves so many times, they didn't stand a chance. I'm so irritated..."
"The sad fact of the matter is every year the Ravens say ""THIS YEAR we'll prove we can win big games and not choke"" and then they lose big games and choke."
"If we had a true #1, better o-line, and one quality pass rusher we’d be a true threat."
Crazy how many times this dude catches in the middle of the field
"Terrible gameplan, terrible play all around. Be better next week"
"drove all the way up the field our first drive running the ball, then nothing.."
Judon gets paid a lot of money...
"Sooo we all saw lamar pissed because they called a bunch of slants all game and only gave him 5 chances to throw it more than 15 yards, right? There are holes on the roster, but offensive play calling from the beginning was awful. We are a rhythm team and never let lamar get in rhythm in the beginning, running then nonstop passing will never work. And I don't know what happened to our defense, hopefully EDC reacts like the Cleveland loss last year and makes some magic out of free agents. Gotta be able to get some peoples practice squad players"
Go Ravens. Onto The Football Team.
"Trump raised my taxes. 

Wow. There’s really people deluded like that out here for Trump..."
Here comes everyone on this thread imploding.
Play calling is shit. Idk why they’re playing so timid. Do what you do best pound the rock.
oh fuck that commercial especially now
Refs only like to call holds when they feel like it now
That was on lamar. He’s looked off all night.
I really think KC is just in our heads. We can’t seem to get it together in this.
"Just a brutal game for us. Incompletions because guys aren’t getting there in time, Mark Andrews drops a beautiful ball in the endzone. And then Brown Jr. false start so we have to take the FG... not our day. Of course LJ will get blamed."
"Yeah, this one is over. Hopefully all the YoU'rE nOt ReAL fAnS if you notice mistakes people will learn to shut the hell up and listen when fellow fans try to tell them the bad patterns we see OBVIOUSLY forming in thr first half."
See y'all next week talking like you never doubted the team
Shitty Oline and pass rush will be the death of this team. Really should’ve picked up clowney
"I don’t care if we go 15-1 this year, when we get to the playoffs, I’m expecting us to lose the first game. I’ll expect us to lose in the playoffs until we win."
We’re gonna slaughter the Washington Football Team by 40 next week and it’s not even gonna be satisfying... lmao
"Positive is that it’s the Chiefs, negative is that jesus fuck this team can’t show up to big games. No way we beat these guys unless Lamar gets out of his own head"
This team will never eclipse the 2000s defence with Judon starting
I see the Chiefs have truly reached the upper echelons of the league. No holds ever called on their line. That's how you know they're for real. 😂
Some of y’all cant handle being down in a football game lmao
"NO HOLDING ON THE TYREEK HILL RUN

SOFT HANDS TO THE FACE CALL TO GIVE THEM FIRST DOWN AND STEAL OUR MOMENTUM

REFBALL BABY"
Refs stopped that drive for us. Horrible call. Absolutely awful
I think Joe Biden’s going to raise my taxes!!
FLAG - Touched our golden boy 37 yard penalty automatic touchdown
Lamar is the only QB that has to ‘prove himself’ every fucking game
It’s getting real hard to disagree with the people that say we’re frauds when we keep shitting the bed in big games.
"50 shades of Titans playoff game, horrible play calling. Putting us in this deficit will make us abandon the run even more, 2-1 chalk it up."
Sign AB and clone Ed Reed
"Tripping, horse collar, just giving the Chiefs every bullshit fucking call"
Somebody get andrews a jelly bean or something...
Mannnnnn... I realize the chiefs are likely the best offense of the decade but the defense MUST step up in these situations and they still don’t. Reminiscent of every ravens season
Yanda retiring is looking like a bigger lost than we thought
Holy fuck our coordinators are retarded
third down conversions have killed us
"Can everyone please vote for biden, we gotta get trump out immediately"
LETSGOOOOO!!!!
Fuck em up boys let’s gooooooooooooooo
Can the analyst stop picking us 😂
I’m nervous!! 😭
Lamar Jackson
"Run the ball, run the ball, run the ball.

After that, run the f'in ball!"
WHO ROCKIN' THEIR BLACK LLAMA JERSEY?!
BIG TRUSS!
400 yrds rushing bet
Fuck that play call man ....
That play design sucked. No one even ran to the first down marker
That floating pocket play never seems to work. There's never enough reads but Roman seems enamored with it in the red zone.
Points are points. Against a powerhouse like this you take anything that's given
"Running on 2nd should have been an obvious decision, but if we can rely on our offense to consistently run the ball like that then it's game over, even if we didn't get a TD this drive"
"I don’t give a shit about anyone proving shit wrong about pocket passing. Run the ball, win the game. Throw 25 times for 4 TDs. Rinse and repeat"
Well that was an incredibly shitty third down call
Wow this is some ass defense
Whelp. That was too easy.
That was really bad. REALLY bad.
BUM
Womp-womp
Lmfao
Oof Butker atleast it was a PAT and not a FG
But butker was the goat /s thanks he sure is
Defense looks like total dog shit.
“That was so easy” this guy needs to hop off the Chiefs nuts
Better than Tucker my ass
Best kicker btw
Buckle up buttercups it's gonna be a bumpy ride
God damnit. Already irl full of people saying we fucking suck and are going to lose. These are the fans that piss me off the most.
"Like, bro... why can’t i just sit at the top of the stadium."
There ya go refs. It's ok to be wrong. Pick that flag up.
"Fuck these refs, are they the replacements from 2012??"
I can't stand this refball bullshit man
Dude that call is fucking bullshit
"We're playing refball tonight, eh?"
TRIPPING? HAHAHAHAHAHA
"Yeah, get ready for this shit all night"
Bullshit call.
LET EM PLAY REF
"What a horseshit call, wow"
Refs calling the game. Tripping 😂
Refs always call some bullshit when we play KC.
WHAT THE FUCK ARE THEY DOING
"&#x200B;

Nearly a  Fumble by Jackson.  Loss of 9 yards"
Alright. Let’s get our shit together.
GRo is smoking something right now. Throw the ball DOWNFIELD. Involve play-action. Don't always move the pocket and take away half the field. I don't even know why you'd spread it without the threat of a RB run in the backfield.
Team needs to calm down
"Hate to say it, but the Chiefs D is looking way better than ours at the moment."
That first penalty killed us
Honestly the only thing that will make this even is a drive ending holding call
run the damn ball
"just run the damn ball, goddamnit"
"I remember 'gg' comments in the 4th quarter back in the day 

Now every other comment is 'gg' in the 1st"
"""Do we have the best officials tonight?"" NO"
116 years of experience & we're calling tripping LMAO
Embarrassing from Elliot.
This is so sad to watch.
"Whenever we have a seemingly nice pass rush, it’s just a screen and they let us get pressure"
Defense isn't as good as they thought they were.
"Man, if there's any player I could bring back in his prime right now, it would be Terrell Suggs."
Miss Suggs and JJ on the edge
"at least the run D is great, but the chiefs are like 90-10 pass"
Run defense still alive.
"Sloppy defense that’s getting outplayed, and an offense that’s hobbled by the interior O-line.

Anxiety levels...rising...rising."
Oh a 3rd and long. What could possibly go wrong here
"Rest of the defense needs to follow Humph and Campbell’s leads. 

Offense will be fine, just needs to finish in the red zone, and what can you do about that terrible tripping call."
Bend but don’t break right?🤞
"Honestly, what pisses me off is that Roman has not learned after Titans loss last year. Run working great yet as soon as the opposition scores and gets ahead, completely abandons it for screens and shit."
"It's not even Mahomes, we are giving wayyy too much cushion"
If only we could clone 3 more Calais Campbells
That extra day got to them. This ain’t the secondary I’m used to
#GOD DAMMIT
God queens having an awful game
Time to see if Lamar can keep his poise and play from behind.
"Man credit to Andy Reid, these play calls are gold"
That was just a smart play. Can’t get mad at that
I'd call this defensive play calling a joke but at least jokes are funny
"Defense needs to press the gas. Looks like they're at 80%, need to be 100%"
"Good news if we win we'll all be really happy bc we came back

And it's not impossible"
sweet play tho
OFFENSE IS ABOUT TO FEAST LFG
13 minutes in the half and you all keep whining. God I fucking hate this sub sometimes. Take me back to this sub in 2012
Damn the way he turned the corner on #34 was nice.
Return specialist confirmed.
Justin Tucker makes that tackle ...
Y’all back now? Y’all keep flip flopping just watch the game....
thats exactly what we needed
"DOO-VER-NAY

rhymes with 

MO-MEN-TUM"
Now watch the defense give up another easy td
"Devin ""Jacoby"" Duvernay"
Poor defense got no rest though
That’s Ravens football.
That return injected life into the defense.
"Alright Matt “Pro Bowler in a contract year” Judon, were gonna need more out of you. Completely quiet this year so far"
M O M E N T U M
***EASY*** 3 and out let’s fucking go
Momentum...shifting? Credit to the defense there.
I’ve got such a boner for this team
Lamar needs to lead a td drive here. This is massive.
How about a nice long drive to end the half with a TD?
Am I drink or does this announcer sound vaguely like joe rogan
#ENDMADDENMONOPOLY
>How fast in Devin Duvernay? His max speed of 21.5 MPH on the 93-yard kickoff return for TD was the fastest by a Ravens ball carrier on a TD in the last 5 seasons. - @jamisonhensley
I fully believe all the negative energy released by this sub changed the universe and formed that return TD
lol Ozzie peeped himself on TV and pulled his mask up
I’m here to the rescue. Have no fear guys.
Hahaha Ozzie got caught
Ravens play design look SOOO fucking basic compared to KC.
I don’t understand why we are throwing 3 times bruh
">Devin Duvernay's kickoff return touchdown wasn't JUST the first by any player this season and the first score of his NFL career. It was also the first kick return TD the Ravens have had in nearly three years, since Bobby Rainey housed a 96-yarder in Week 6, 2017. #RavensFlock - @NFLResearch"
Brown dropped it anyway. Receivers not catching tonight.
CAN WE FUCKING THROW THE BALL PAST FIRST DOWN ON THIRD DOWN FUCKING PLEASE GREG
"Uhh, Greg? You know their pass D is good and their run D is bad?"
 Why do we drop so many balls in big games!
What an uninspiring drive. Really really really frustrating.
So we’re just done running right?
... apparently block in the back doesn’t apply to the chiefs either?
Everyone dropping the god damn ball
So I guess 3 points is enough of a deficit to abandon the run. Cmon Roman
"Let's throw passes beyond the sticks, Greg."
Didn't run the ball once.
Why aren’t we running?
BOOCK IN THE BACK???
Yo dawg I heard you liked commercials so I put a commercial in your commercial
WHY AREN’T WE RUNNING
Play calling sucks but Andrews and Hollywood gotta start stepping up and making plays when their numbers are called. Both dropped passes right in their hands.
"STOP FUCKING GETTING CUTE GREG ROMAN, RUN IT DOWN BRUHH"
It's weird that the chiefs defense looks bad against everyone but us
Literally reminiscent of tits game no run ball panic mode Roman make big bad make Lamar sad
AND WHY ARE THESE ROUTES NOT PAST THE 1ST DOWN MARK???
"Roman spit the bit.  No reason at all to depart from a run first offensive after Duvernay’s return.  Dumb, plus defense has been on the field too long.  We needed an extended time drive there."
Everyone in the world can see we need to run the ball. Including Stevie Wonder. Everyone except Greg Roman apparently.
Defense is gassed. Fucking roman's dumb playcalling gets us a 3 and out and now the D IS GETTING BONED
Defense NEEDS a breather and we pass 3 times and put them right back out there
I’m so tired of reliving the same game over and over
They gonna call holding on KC tonight?
Judon’t
God this pass rush is such a joke
Peters is gonna have one of those days when it fucking matters
hold on 71
Judon may as well be wearing a chiefs Jersey
That wasn’t a hold on Brandon williams or anything
The holding is so fucking blatant
Defense has been cringe worthy.
yo we’re never beating the Chiefs
Shit defense. Ed reed would be embarrassed
Let me guess we are gonna pass pass pass and give it right back to them. Cool.
I never want to listen to ESPN commentators again
This offense is going to take off this next drive let’s hope we run the ball more lol
Welp. Could Mahomes just like not be himself. For 5 minutes?
Guess we will see no penalties on KC this half.   Clear holding not even called on that TD smfh
Harbaugh needs to make some serious adjustments at the half. We’re still in this.
We playing Flacco ball.
I've never seen someone abandon the run as fast as Roman
Lamar is having a shit game now. How many passing yards does he have? 15 or less?
I'm straight up not having a good time
playing like flacco is out there right now
"We look awful. I’d be shocked if the chiefs don’t get more points before halftime, and we have 3 offensive points."
Man Lamar is just a little off all night. He needs to settle down.
Lamar looks like crap
This is a shit show performance
This feels like the playoff game. Not good.
Chiefs are dominating. This is a blowout without the KO return. Not sure if its a matchup problem or if we are just playing like dogshit and/or the chiefs are literally that much better
Lamar had more yards on that opening run than he has the rest of the game. Unbelievable.
Legit don’t know if I can keep watching this shitshow
Jesus our own receivers are running into each other
Maybe this team needed to get embarrassed to get the wake up call they need. Worked last year
7 passing yards with 4 minutes left in the half lmao
This isn't even on the defense at this point. They've been constantly on the field against what could end up being one of the best QBs of all time.
It’s amazing watching a QB who can consistently throw 1st downs
This is looking ugly right now fellas.
Mahomes can't fucking miss and we have 7 yards
This is 2017 Jags London or 2011 Jags MNF levels of bad
I’m about to turn this crap off
"Lamar just doesn't have IT right now, just look at Mahomes. Calm, collected, making the right plays. 

Lamar needs to take these Ls on the chin, and come back stronger. Hopefully he'll have the IT factor by playoffs."
"Am I more upset with us letting KC just throw around like we don't exist or that we can't get anything going on offense?

Regardless, if there aren't a bunch of angry fuckers raising hell in the lockeroom at halftime I'll be disgusted."
We just look bad
Can’t make a fuckin tackle
"Just gotta say, you all are pretty miz on here"
We’re bad tonight
"Goes down and Ravens play scared, still. It's like nothing had changed at all from last season."
"Same shit, they need to figure out how to play while down, this would be a good game to do it."
Lots of missed tackles
"Dude, Roman is calling the most basic passing concepts. Can we get Lamar some help? We should be running jet sweeps and screens at least once per possession. Not shallow drag cross and PA on 3rd down"
When the ravens game tonight is the only thing that helps you get through work today... And then they play like this...
"Don’t care if we lose but we must play better that this 

This is not us"
Not giving up but we seriously need to wake up
"I can’t help but feel like we’re missing a true leader on defense. I know no one could ever match Ray, but Jesus someone needs to get this team pumped up. I’d even take old man Suggs right now"
3rd and 14 fucking joke of a defense
Massacre. Totally embarrassing. Unbelievable
That’s game. We ain’t coming back from this
Are you sure we're losing because of Lamar?
27-10 and they get the ball at half 😕
SOMEONE TELL ME WHY THE FUCK WERE DROPPING OUR LINEBACKERS INTO COVERAGE AND BLITZING OUR CORNERS. WE NEED TO COVER THEM FOR FUCKS SAKE
"I sound like such a hater, but Judon literally has ZERO impact on the game. Such a fraud"
*Ravens have left the chat
No hoes were stunted on this half
but this sub told me Deshon Eliott was an upgrade from ET lmao
Why do you blitz your best corner on 3rd and 14???? Who the fuck does that???
USE YOUR FUCKING TIMEOUTS
"Ball game

Its gona be 41-10 before we get the ball back"
"I hate the Chiefs, I hate the refs, I hate the coaching. One of the games of worse football in my life. I'm not giving up on them, but this is looking pretty pathetic..."
Ain’t even competitive lmaooooo chargers looked better against the chiefs
YANDA BEING GONE HAS FCKED US
Why are they always so wide open!
"I said before the game that if we don’t win, we won’t beat the Chiefs for the next 2 years. It’s become a mental block for us. And a blowout makes it worse"
We shouldve taken a time out on that last drive. We rushed it.
Someone needs to take a stand in the locker room at half. This isn’t acceptable in the slightest
35 passing yards in an entire half lmao
Gotta hate when the game is over by halftime.
"This is exactly what happens every time the Ravens get away from their strengths and their game plan.

Panic. Lack of execution. Disaster."
We are simply not built to beat this team
I hope everyone gets talked to during half time this is some BS play making and coverage
Please make some trade for a pass rusher or o lineman who cares about the price
“Best kicker”
The Stanley Cup Finals are on if anyone is interested.
God butker is dogshit.
Well at least no one is going to compare Butker to Tucker ever again.
At least we’re winning the kicker battle
If we get anything out of this game at least people will shut the fuck up about butker being “the best”
BuTkEr iS JuSt aS TaLeNtEd aS TuCkEr
At least all the bullshit Butker talk can stop. Tucker is goat
im actually glad were down like this maybe we'll open up the fucking playbook. were basically doing the same shit we did last year. its not going to work against elite teams.
i haven’t been this angry since the titans game
Same shit as the playoff game. Completely abandoned the run. KC is wearing our defense out.
Honestly we are lucky it's still a game. 17 is not that much for how we played.
"Lmao, only positive thing of tonight is Assker"
I love Roman but I have little faith in his play calling from behind
"Did ANYONE show up mentally to this game? Players or coaches? Why are we playing so far off the ball? It's like we're running prevent defense rn. Why did Roman abandon the run AGAIN? This has been a consistent pattern with Roman. He shits himself and abandons the run if we go down at all. Even worse is that the passing is predictable is all hell. You'd think we're being coached by Marty with this playcalling. I don't think there's much left to be said about the D. No one showed up outside of our front 7, minus Judon who's somehow more useless than usual today. Secondary is getting fucking scorched. Mahomes is playing with them"
Lamar Jackson has 35 yards
"""That's kinda how the first half has gone."" Pretty much sums it up"
"We won’t go far in the playoffs because if you take away the run game, Lamar can’t come from behind with the pass game. This team will win the division but that’s it."
lmao comical at this point
😂😂 how is nobody catching a pass? Everyone ate popcorn before the game
Why does this happen to Andrews every time we play in primetime
"not surprised about the defense shitting the bed, Ive said the last two weeks it was suspect to many downvotes, but its baffling to me that the offense has been this outmatched by what was being called a pedestrian defense"
Time to drink Bugs Bunny's special stuff
Arguably the worst half of football ive ever seen the ravens play
"It's just mind numbing to me that this team's greatest weaknesses going into the offseason were a horrific receiver corps and terrible pass rush.

Please tell me how either of these improved?"
Just fuck my shit up fam
Both Roman and Wink using madden suggested plays
I wanna cry
When Lamar turns into Vince Young when the lights come on...
"We are gonna come out the half fired up, get a sack and a stop! Then we right back in it, just watch"
I don't like losing
Remember when Roman went to interview with the browns right before the playoffs last year?
I wonder what FA we can grab to help our pass rush? Would Clay Mathews add anything?? Probably not. Maybe EDC can get Khali Mack for a 5th.
My only concern here is that this team has our number. Theres nothing wrong with losing to KC. But we haven't looked competitive the last 2 years.
"I'm not surprised. The Chiefs shred our secondary, isn't this our second time meeting Mahomes? 

Let's get more tape by playing hard and move on"
"If the Ravens don't think they have any haters to prove wrong anymore, all they have to do is look ITT. TIME TO SHOW PEOPLE HOW WE COME FROM BEHIND. Please just run the ball."
"How we play in the second half here is how I’m going to judge this team going forward. If we come back here and make it a close game, I will be content even if we still lose. If we let the chiefs continue to dick us then I will be worried very much about our super bowl chances"
"I still like Roman, but he abandoned the run when the score was 6-3....all it took was for us to go down by 3 points and he lost all faith in the run game that marched us down the field with ease to start the game.

All the idiots like to go after Lamar for his struggles when we go down, but this highlights that Roman doesn't handle it well either."
Remember when Lamar broke off a 32 yard run on the first drive and we all had hope...? *sigh*
Onside kick to start the half? Who says no?
This offense has 3 points.
I get that we will take some shit for playing poorly the first half but that /r/nfl GDT is completely over the top with the hate being spewed at Lamar and our team. It's all other fanbases too. It's too much.
I was hyping this game up so hard pls I don’t want to face the music just prove me right :((
"Seriously, why not just pause the game and have the Refs go blow Andy Reid?"
That was so obviously not a horsecollar WTF
"KC defense good against the pass and bad against the run - what does Greg Roman call? 18 passing plays and 10 running plays.

Mahomes great against the blitz and only stopped by good coverage - what does Wink do? Blitz our best cover man constantly. 

Are the Chiefs not dangerous enough without the coaches playing right into their fucking hands?"
Weak shit refs
"Fucking score here Ravens.  Fuck.

Edit: score a TD."
"Oh, please. Let us take advantage of this!"
"If we get a touchdown then a stop, we might have a sliver of a chance."
Refs didn’t fuck us on that? Wow
Wake the fuck up offense!!!
Let’s hope that’s the call that revs this team back into it
Finally a break!
"Knowing our luck, they’ll reverse it"
Update: have no changed shirts and pants in case they got infected by my shirt’s bad juju
"The break we needed! If this offense has woken up at all, we may have a game"
[deleted]
I want to see Lamar ascend to Elite Dragon Jackson this drive.
"Let's go, now fucking run it down their throats."
We’ve got a serious pass rush and OLine problem imo
Play calling still absolute ass
Our playcalling sucks lol
"We keep trying screens. They keep getting blown up.

Can greg roman read the fucking room? This is all the chiefs practice against."
"Yeah I don’t understand the play calling tonight, abandon the run after the first quarter, that’s not who we are"
Shits bas when you csnt even snap it lmao
Why would Brown run backwards? WTF?
Good play Lamar
Dude any other game Brown would have caught that. Of course not tonight
OH LOOK ROMAN RUNNING THE BALL WORKS YOU IGNORANT CHUCKLEFUCK
NOW DO WE SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE RUN????
Imagine if we did this in the first quarter
And Andrews is having his one absolutely ass game of the year.
"FFS Andrews

4th drop in a single game"
Mark Andrews couldn't catch COVID at this point.
This is the Titans game all over on offense.
Andrews is absolutely fucking pathetic tonight
ANDREWS ARE YOU PUTTING STRICHNINE IN MY MARGARITA BECUASE YOU ARE LITERALLY KILLING ME RIGHT NOW
This team looks so unprepared for this game
Receivers letting us down tonight - lotta dropped balls
Comeback was slim but that may have ended it fuck me
i hope it does. i hope harbaugh lays into them.
killed some clock and got 3......sexy football there
Fuckin Oklahoma boys not getting it done today what the hell
Bro Andrews is sorry as shit i don't care fight me
"Our receivers are being super disappointing tonight. Drops galore, Hollywood not putting the effort in on that rocket from Lamar. Just sloppy, sloppy, sloppy."
"Classic Ravens from behind. We rolling with gus so we bring in mark Ingram who doesn't follow his block behind Boyle.

Couple with mark andrews who can't catch shit in primetime games and then a false start. 

Kick the FG."
"Mark Andrews always has a couple of these games. Last year against Seattle he couldn't catch anything. He has to fix it, that should've been a TD"
Marlon Humphrey pick 6 plz
"This game is like the cursed monkey paw. You want Tucker to win the kicker battles? Well sure, but your offense is not going to score a single touchdown today"
Mandrews catches that it’s a different game jeez boys
Why don’t we give some targets to Snead or Duverney? Those are some more sure hands
I hope coaches fucking rip into Andrews. He needs to hear it. He wants to be up there with the Ertzes and Kelces but he's a fucking drop machine in big games. His drop turned into a pick against Tennessee and his drop just now robbed us of a touchdown. He needs to get his shit together. Otherwise he's Eric Ebron/Jordan Reed tier.
It’s almost like they have an extra receiver every play
Queen is having a ROUGH game.
"Has to be the worst game I’ve seen from Peters as a Raven. Also, have to disagree with Wink’s consistent blitzing here. Just rush 4 guys, we’re getting the same amount of pressure was rushing 5 or 6."
LETS GO GTFOH MAHOMES YOU KETCHUPDRINKING FUCK
Marlo embracing his inner Ray Lewis there screaming at them to get off the field
They was dumb was shit trynna drag they nuts on us 👿
I BELEEEEEEE!!!
"""GET OFF THE FIELD"" keep that same energy lets fucking go"
This feels like a classic ravens mnf game i love it
our playmakers need to help lamar man.
"Run D looks great and the secondary looks awful. I got downvoted for this, but we really should've tried to make it work with Earl. Being a hardass isn't always a good thing and Chuck Clark is a mediocre player."
we don't need mark andrews in this game lol that's where we disagree.
#FEED THE GUS BUS
Whaaaaaaat rungame works
"OOF, thought Lamar had the angle"
9.8 tonight 7.3 last week seriously dude averages 5.3 yards a carry his career and hes not a number 1 back?
We need a TD here.
I just hate that when we’re down it takes us about 2 quarters to pick it up.
Glad we traded hayden hurst to find out gus edwards is legit
Can someone explain why the clock didn't stop there?  Lamar ran out of boundaries
If we had just stuck to the run earlier we wouldn't be in this mess
Guys my heart is pounding so hard right now. It feels like the Flacco days right now
love Ingram but he been looking way worse this season outside of that Texans run
"TOUCHDOWN RIGHT HERE
THEN A STOP
ANOTHER TOUCHDOWN
JT GAME WINNING FIELD GOAL

NO WEAPON FORMED AGAINST US SHALL PROSPER"
This drive needs to end in 7 or 8 I swear
Forget Andrews. Jump on the Boyle train
THANK YOU NICK BEST TE ON OUR TEAM
That was a terrifying pass.
Damn risky pass- I won’t complain tho 🤷‍♂️
Wait it was Boyle who stunted on them hoes????
AT LEAST ONE TE CAN CATCH
"WHERE ARE THE BANDWAGON FANS NOW! 

Never count us out!"
"Hate watching this on a delayed steam, I can't stop checking comments lol"
"Now just stop Mahomes and get another one, we can do it boys"
#JUICE MAN GETTING A INT WATCH
I joined this sub last year and holy shit fuck the people on this sub that have no confidence when things go bad
That’s how you execute a drive against the Chiefs.
Time for the defense to earn its paycheck
"I hope for Lamar's sake we make a comeback. 

I'm not even mad that we losing....but other than that last drive, we look like shit on both Defense and Offense. Gotta clean it up! 

Long season though!"
It’s 4:30 am where I am. Stil here let’s get the W
"Need a defensive score

Let’s goooo"
Imagine if we played good in the first half
I love lamar but mahomes is in another league
Have we gotten a single sack this game?
3rd and long feels like this defense’s kryptonite.
Lol Judon is a complete waste. Just falls down smh
Judon is just not good
"They called Nick Boyle for tripping on a pretty identical play earlier. Neither should be an actual penalty, but I mean..."
"Wish me luck fellas, next third and long we blitz and fail I’m jumping (:"
Matt Judon is a fucking scrub
Judon fuckin up
"Dawg, this sucks."
 Edwards-Helaire is hard AF to bring down.  So friggin frustrating.
This blitzing on 3rd is the definition of insanity
Judon is so bad man
are they ever going to call a hold on the Chiefs OL?
hey you guys want to do somethng crazy. you want to call holding on the chiefs just once.
I honestly believe that we’re going to have to make some coaching adjustments if we want to win a big game. These schemes ain’t it. We’re playing to their strengths
i will actually pay money for us to stop blitzing
attacked the rookie LB. good playcall
"clearly the problem is we left madden in all-pro, have we just restarting the game at the proper setting?"
a member of their o line has more touchdown catches than andrews
...well at least we get to play Washington Football Team next week...
"It just feels like every time we are in a game we need to win, we become a completely different team. I want it to stop."
We need an elite pass rusher to beat this team. If theyre really our obstacle trade what you have to but get it done
I'm seeing too many times the corners playing 12 yards off. They don't have faith in the safeties.
Bring in Clay Matthews man
"Aren't the refs supposed to announce that a player has reported eligible? Not saying it as an excuse just wondering.

Or does he not have to if he lined up at TE I guess."
Top DE/OLB's blow up plays! We are scheming hard to get Judon 1 on 1 and he's still not generating any decent pressure
Judon is about to get paid alot of money by some poor team next year
Someone call in and say you’ve been diagnosed with Covid and was at a party with judon 3 days ago
i can’t blame lamar when literally his whole receiving core cut their hands off before the game
Horrible call lmfao
Refs trying to get Baltimore back in this one
That’s a TD. Lamar has missed Hollywood twice :/
#finally a flag in our favor
Honestly I’d rather just see Lamar run pistols
What the actual fuck were these last 2 plays
I fucking hate our O line
"When we blitz, we're fucked

When they blitz, we're fucked"
Oline suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucks
He's running for his life every play
So Orlando not even kicking out to try to block the right side ?!
"That's not totally on the O Line, so much dropback gives angles to the rushers, should've held in the pocket."
Jackson under pressure every time he drops back
line did nothing those past two plays
"We showed some fight in the 2nd half at least. Still, a horribly embarrassing showing."
I wish we had a pass rush.
"Center, RG and SAM + RUSH.

Make a statement. Demote Tyre Phillips, start Fluker at RG. Cut or trade Judon and make another blockbuster trade. 

We have to stop this hemorrhaging. It's not been exploited by **three playoff teams and the Browns**: 49ers, Titans, Chiefs, Browns."
thank god we play Washington sunday lmao
Start Duv over Boykin he stinks!!!!!
"I get that we probably weren't going to win, but Lamar made some really bad decisions in the last few plays of the drive. Iced it."
This is the hardest opponent we have all season s and we were down one score in the 4th. I’m glad this happened now and not when we face KC in January. 😕
"O line has been playing like horse shit all night . Jackson hasn’t played well, but he was able to scramble away from pressure for the most part until that last drive. Believe it or not, it could have been a lot worse."
Kelce wide fucking open
Now what? We need to do something because this team isn't good enough to beat KC. I feel like we need to give up a pick for O line help and sign AB or something bc this isn't it.
listen. i like the idea of a punch to the mouth early for this team. but the line problems and the lack of rush aren't going to get better. we need to address that.
this is on the third down defense and the entire offense pretty much
I want to believe so badly that we can take this game as a lesson and improve. But so much of this game was a failure. Can we get through the playoffs?
"cant make a 3rd down stop, getting picked apart on these rb flats over and over"
"Buddy of mine just texted me and said, if you had to give a game ball to someone on the team tonight, who would it be?

Shit. Boyle? Duvernay? I don't even know. What a sad performance."
My (probably reductive) thought on why we lost this game: their o-line played MUCH better than ours
"Our pass protection needs help for real, hurting without Yanda"
How many snaps did Duvernay have on offense? I feel like he would be good to get involved and we haven't done much with him through 3 games
Lining up in Shotgun then dropping back 5 more yards just invites the DE’s straight to your face. Lamar has got to step up in the pocket and look for someone open
"Sorry but Jackson can't even be slightly compared to Mahomes. Like, not even 1%"
AB time?
"May be an unpopular opinion, but I am going to be happy with our boys win or lose at this point.   That first half was abysmal and they showed heart to get back in this thing against the defending champs."
"BEST KICKER, LMAO fucking Buttlicker"
Disgusting display of Ravens D
Fuck trump lmao
"I respect the hell out of the chiefs.

But this is such a blowjob fest by the announcers with the chiefs"
"It's the Titans game all over again, the receivers forgot how to use their hands and catch the damn ball"
"Hard to say but this defeated look of offense in a way starts from Lamar. You won't ever see Mahomes look like this. Against Texans last year, Chiefs were getting fucked but Mahomes dragged his offense and annihilated the Texans."
"I know this sounds fucking stupid, but a gut-check loss early in the season isn't always bad. Now we can forget the stupid fucking hype, and realize there are teams above us, and we have to improve."
"Whatever, rather have this happen game 3 than game 9 or 10. This ultimately should make us a better team, no matter the outcome of this game."
Stop throwing to andrews. He cant catch tonight
Mark Andrews couldn't catch COVID tonight if it was thrown to him
Eric fisher with better hands than most of our receivers
"This guy is muted lmao, I can take the criticism but the ""disappointed dad"" tone is fucking annoying. get off the TV."
"Can we admit at this point the Ravens haves ""big game"" issues?!"
"Team needs a lot of work. OLine and DLine are garbage. But all you mofos turning on Lamar, yall some fucking scrubs. Only week 3."
"Lamar looked awful tonight. I love the dude...but fuck, tonight was bad..."
Wait.... a 23 year old quarterback can’t beat a former League MVP and the reigning NFL champions? Might as well abandon the season and tank for a new quarterback. Guys relax it’s not like we were gonna shut them out. At best we win in a shootout. Our boy still has won like 80% of his games and clearly Andy Reid is a play calling genius. We lost two in a row last year and yes to the same chiefs and we rolled 12 games in a row beating just as good teams. We got this. If we lost to the Dolphins or the Jets that’s one thing but we got carved by the Super Bowl winning future hall of famer“Patrick” Mahomes. I ain’t even worried.
Looking at this thread I’d think the score was 28-0 chiefs
#GTFO WITH THIS TRUMP GARBAGE
Just boldface lies
FUCK TRUMP
Guys. Really. Chill the fuck out y’all.
I mean refs literally didn’t call the chiefs offense on a single thing the whole game
YOU AIN’T TUCK GTFO
Playing zone against the chiefs sounds like a recipe for disaster
Well maybe a good embarrassment on national TV will be good for them.
love the blatant hold on Brandon Williams
Lamar looks flat as fuck.
"literally the titans game right now

same issues and they didnt learn shit"
Why the hell did I just look at the game thread in r/nfl
"we gotta belee boys. Give me punch turnovers Humphrey, give me tackles peters, give me game boy runs Jackson, I belee"
"Damn ya'll act like there isn't a second half, Chill out."
Right now it appears we’re the hoes upon whom stunt has occurred.
That’s how you kick a medium range FG in case anyone who plays for the chiefs was wondering.
the blitz isnt working bc they're getting held - bottom line
I'd rather brings Suggs back than sign Judon for anything over 9 a year. That's how over this nigga I am
"Lamar Jackson needs to get better at the passing game plain n simple. 

Under 100 yards passing is inexcusable."
2-1 headed to an easy win on paper next week. I believe we play gimmies for the next 3 weeks but even if we blow all those teams out of the water ... it’s expected at this point but when the fuck are we going to win big games when down by double digits? This is why people still don’t believe we are legit Super Bowl contenders. Games like this define you
Tbh I like being the underdog more.
I hate this announcer
And now we get more shit talk while everyone sucks Mahomes dick even more
"Why does Lamar not call more audibles and look more in control of the line? I see him call motions and adjust the RB, but I feel like that's about it. Am I wrong?"
"ITS ABOUT THAT TIIIIIIIIIIME 

CAW CAW MAWFUCKAS"
"OH GOOD, BAKER MAYFIELD"
TRUZZ
It's 1 AM where I'm from. No way I was gonna miss this. Tonight is the night we beat the Chiefs
Tonight I'm a Ravens fan. Y'all got some of my favorite Longhorns out there tonight. Run the tables!
Let’s GOOOOOOOO!!
It’s 2am here in the Netherlands but there’s no way I would miss this game. Lfg!
Dope intro
Dun dun da dun 🎵🎶
Alright Bois whatever happens TRUSS don’t let a bad play or two get you down we got this!!
Refs not throwing in shit.
"I love seeing Duvernay in <3 

Hook 'em"
parting that red (and white) sea
Are you fucking serious. RUN THE BALL. They cannot stop it
Fuck I know you want to take the points but it’s the chiefs we need every TD we can get
WTF was that 3rd down play.
Damn we should've ran the ball to pick up the first down there
"Chargers fan here, beat that ass boys."
we shoulda ran it
Time for D!
Butker watches Tucker in awe
Let the kicker battle begin.  1-0 Tucker.
God why does Roman do this??? We are averaging like 10 yards per carry so why throw it in the red zone???
Why did we stop running? Fuck egos. Run the ball.
"Ok, that was sloppy"
that's not ideal
Worst fucking ref in the league.
"Wrong call there, ref"
How do you not call holding on that Tyreek Hill run? What the actual fuck.
Pressure looking good real early. Hopefully we wear down this o line
That was an egregious hold that wasn't called
The one time we Peters doesn't bite it goes for 32 lol.
"Fuck. Not liking it fellas. We are the exact opposite of them. Good run defense, not as good as defense."
Queen just got picked 🤦🏼‍♂️
God I fucking hate Mahomes so much
Lmao Butker
Chiefs kicker sucks. That’s why we got Automatuck
##BUTGER SUCKS???
The one thing I’ve always hated about judon is he never holds his edge
That defensive effort was embarrassing
What happened to their greatest kicker in history?
damn they set a pick on queen
"Happens guys, were only down three. Not 4, like I said. Long game."
Best kicker in the league???
"Well, it’s good we established Tucker as the superior kicker early on."
"I'm fine with the Chiefs getting 1, it's gonna happen, but this shouldn't happen the whole game."
"jesus you guys it was one fucking drive, calm down D will settle in"
This ref is a fucking moron
"&#x200B;

Flag for what??"
Tripping you have to be kidding me this red can go fuck himself
Ref ball at it again
This ref needs glasses
Christ this league is so soft now.
Who paid these refs
Anther bullshit call
"Ain't this the same ref from last year, calling bs calls"
Fuckin get him Harbs!
Refs controlling the game again
tripping... what a fucking joke
Fuckin tell em Harb
Im already so fucking pissed off
Harbs is going to get fined and he doesn't care
"We gained yards, where’s the flag?"
Roman pooping himself. Just run the ball.
Well the fix is in
Jesus fucking Christ
No energy right now
Can’t stop KCs shitty 4 man rush. Ok.
thanks ref
Duverney is QUICK
Thanks refs
One bad call and momentum has shifted just like that.
That was a bullshit call. I'm gonna trip someone using MY WHOLE BODY TOO
"tripping, is this fucking hockey?"
Yeah like that 100lb girl wants anything to do with 2 Whoppers
That call was fucking ridiculous. The player would’ve tripped over his feet regardless of what Boyle was doing.
bs tripping call
"Let'em play for KC.

Ticky tac calls for Baltimore!

Bullshit!"
I’m just hating these dumb flags
"Chiefs seem to be on trajectory to become the next Patriots, the NFL loves em"
The refs need about 116 more years of experience
Tackling was a goddam joke. Somebody needs to lay some wood
Our tackling is legitimately shocking right now. Not even attempting to wrap up and it’s killing us.
"Missed tackle by Elliott, well done"
"I'm probably going to be downvoted into oblivion, but does the defense look off to anyone else?"
Where is Queen in that? Why aren't we running our MLBs for the center
"What the fuck are these tackle attempts. That's all they are right now, attempts."
Fucking can we make a tackle today
"I love how you make a play on Defense, then you have to look at the ref for a good 2 seconds to make sure it was a legal block/tackle before you can start enjoying the result of the play"
Don’t get me wrong I want us to blow them out but I’m okay with proving to all of you that we can come from behind.
"#ANOTHER FLAG???

holy shit refs. this is getting ridiculous."
Defense just looks incredibly bad.
WHY THE FUCK IS HE WIDE OPEN IF YOU DIDN'T RUSH ANYONE.
Welp we're finally going to see what our Receivers have.
Defense looking like they need some milk.
If the Chiefs look this good against us then honestly RIP the rest of the NFL because I don’t know who else have the quality of defensive players that we have.
at least campbell came to play
Played them twice before and its the same story every time
I’m still salty about that tripping call
I'm a 120-something pound female and I think I understand tackling better than this team does
Wtf is our defense
#STOP PLAYING ZONE D IT'S CLEARLY NOT WORKING
"Sigh, how do you even defend that? WTF..."
I'm not even mad. That's incredible play calling.
Un fucking real
Jesus they’re giving up a first down every play
are you fucking serious
Not much you can do about that play call
Lmao. Going to be hard to get a lead when our defense can’t stop shit.
We need to respond now or this game could get out of hand real quick.
Andy Reid is completely outclassing Wink my fucking god
Gotta give it to Andy Reid....dude is masterful with his play-calling.
Andy is calling a masterful game.  Can't hate on our defense.  Props to the Chiefs.
Well. We’re about to find out what Lamar learned this offseason. Will this be our first comeback?
Defense looking gassed and outmatched like they did against the Titans in the Playoffs. Why doesn't this defense show up against dominant offenses?
"Iron sharpens iron, Texans exposed some flaws in this D but maybe this eye opener will whip them into shape"
reid making wink look like a clown right now
You know I was ganna go easy on this 6 pack but now fuck it
CAN WE PLEASE SCORE AND CAN THE REFS CALL A FAIR GAME?
"Roman is calling this game like he’s scared, wink like he’s an idiot"
please get your shit together ravens
I think people are forgetting who we are playing right now. This isn’t the browns.
"While yes the chiefs are making amazing play calls, our defense really needs to be stepping up. That’s not even being toxic or negative it’s straight up facts"
Do you have the truss?
Damn we needed that
Oh shit
#DDDUUUUUUUUUUUVVVVVVVVV
EVERYONE GET IN HERE!!!!
"holy crap Duvernay is fast, god damn"
Bet these refs are pissed at whoever's turn it was to throw a bullshit flag on us.
"We can all agree, BUTKER is not the best. But this just means our defense is back out there."
That’s uh....well...damn that’s a response.
I am no longer sad
K defense step up on short rest
"Everybody was blocking their asses off. They aren't quitting, let's go man!!!"
**HOLY SHIT JACOBY JONES FLASHBACKS I LOVE IT**
Can't wait for duvernay to be featured in our offense. He's for real.
HUGE PLAY BY THE ROOK ABSOLUTELY HUGE
The sad part is our defense needed a break🤣
Ravens defense gotta be like 👍🏻 but FUCK!
WE HAVE A SPARK BOYS
JUSTIN KICKER
Now defense...PLEASE
Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!1!eleventy1!!
"“Here’s Justin Kicker out....erm, Justin Tucker THE kicker”

That’s right!!!!!"
SOOO CLUTCH DUVERNAYYYY
Justin Kicker the tucker.
🗣Duvernay is fast. That is all
If there are any nats fans here - this is what FP always talks about - you gotta pick each other up! This may be exactly what we needed!
Defense still has to be gassed. They barely sat. Hoping they can bring it
Ravens need to stop going for the ball and wrap up and tackle. Seeing that a lot
Make Duvernay wr2 plz
Please guard kelce
uh ohhhhhhh defense getting their swagger back?
M O M E N T U M
JACKSONs time to step up
COME ON OFFENSE LETS FUCKING GET IT
Nice return Proche!
"Special teams handled there's. Defense did there's. Offense, its time to do ya job!"
"if proche could have hit the jets after the change of direction, might have been gone too"
Alright I think we finally woke up
"here we go offense, need a TD here"
special teams playing well so far
Please for the love of God Greg Roman DONT BE CUTE
Boys. I saw it. I saw the gleam in Lamar’s eyes. It’s coming
You gotta catch that man
Roman wtf are you doing run the fucking ball
can we please run the ball?
"And just like that, they've abandoned the run already.

Maddening."
what's with the 3 yard pass on a 3rd and 6? is Flacco our QB again?
Run the damn ball
Nobody can catch today? MAndrews normally catches that.
Fucking absurd. A 2 yard drag route on god damn 3rd and 6.
...a 3yrd cross on 3rd and 6?
Ice. Cold. Offense.
"Wow, hate how Roman is calling this game. He tends to get away from the run in these big games, even when we’re down by small margins."
IDK what riddick is talking about. That ball to andrews has to be caught.
Why no run ball
Dude get Dobbins some touches. Most exciting player besides Lamar and gets no love
Need to run the ball. We have to slow the game down
Why does our offense fail to show up during these huge games?
Play calling is trash.
Where's the block in the back??
Terrible play calling
Inagine having track speed and getting tackled by Cox
We were getting 4-6 yards consistently  that first drive with the run game and we’ve run what twice since then
What a day for our top receivers to forget their hands at home
Roman is a fucking clown
Play calling is sus
"God Damn, we fucking needed that Andrews catch"
Did our receivers grease their gloves pre game? Jesus fuck.
"Here we go again, down 3, run abandoned and Chiefs D suddenly looks competent bc of our predictability."
3 straight passes against a team that can't stop the run. Why does Roman always piss his pants against KC?
Such a shame we have zero running backs on this team
Leave it to the Ravens to have a clear cut advantage over a team and refuse to exploit it. RUN THE FUCKING BALL.
What I DO NOT GET IS WHY ARENT WE RUNNING THE BALL. We always play pass heavy vs the chiefs for some reason and I don’t get it. It makes it so much easier for their defense
I still think we got this but we need better playcalling right now. Just atrocious
Gus the Bus is right there. Mark Ingram is right there. JK freaking dobbins is right there!!!
How is Kelce ALWAYS fucking open?
"This is exactly what the playcalling looked like last week in the first half too, constant Lamar dropbacks and the RBs getting no carries. Not surprising the offense isn't looking great."
Always changing the damn offense in big games
Honestly wouldn't be that worried about the defense shitting the bed IF WE WOULD FUCKING RUN THE BALL AND KEEP THEM OFF OF THE FIELD
Calais the only one out here trying
"Judon ain't worth shit. Cant get a sack, drop him into coverage, he just gives up a first"
What a terrible game from Judon. Just shooting us in the foot.
I mean they’re holding on every fucking play lol
HOW WAS THAT NOT A HOLD
"Wow, ghost offside call and missed holding on back to back plays. Great ref ball game."
pretty clear holding right in the middle there
[deleted]
That's not even on judon wtf
Literally their whole o-line was holding. Such dogshit refs
Half their fucking line was holding wtf!?
They're toying with us right now.
Offense needs to get started or this will get ugly fast
how the fuck was that offsides still
"Well if we can stay far enough out of it, maybe Lamar will give us some of those fancy trash time fantasy points. 

For real though, I'm not sure if it's the play calling or what, but offense looks way out of sync."
"Nothing you can do about that last pass but I don't understand why for most of that drive we weren't disguising at all. It was clearly working.


Now run the fucking ball!"
Ffs im getting flashbacks to flacco throwing it to boyle in the flat
Love these throws behind the line of scrimmage to our slowest guy
ravens look HORRIBLE
What are these “third downs”?
Jesus fucking christ
Amazing play on 3/7 Jesus fuck this offense is full of choke artists
We’re so lucky this is only a 10 point game good lord
Fucking roman's play calling. I'm so sick of this shit
Man this offense is looking stale
41-16. Calling it. We are nothing. This is a national embarrassment.
Please Ravens stop them.
repeat of the titans game.
Why does this always happen against the chiefs?? I am tired of this stress
Our offense shits the bed under pressure
Ill defend Lamar as long as I live but wowww he is playing like dog shit tonight. I think he loses his focus a little in these games
Jackson's accuracy has been awful. Reminds me of the Titans game where he regressed to 2018 Lamar
lamar and receivers playing real bad right now but let's just KEEP PASSING THE BALL CAUSE LOL
LJ8 forcing. Going to cost us.
7 pass yards. 7.
They look like fucking scrubs out there
This game shows how important pass rush is and shows us that Judon just aint it
Can't wait for our late rally only to fall short at the end
"I hate the games like this, where when Lamar is on target, Andrews drops it and the next play Lamar misses by a foot or whatever and we just can't do anything."
7 passing yards...
"They are gonna run the ball and the clock down, score and then score again after halftime lol. That's the way this is feeling right now."
All that passing and only 7 yards to show for it
"The coaches are just coaching a bad game. You find yourself staring down the barrel. You need to keep the Chiefs offense off the field and make it a closer game. You know the Chiefs start the next half with the ball so what do you do? You call a short drive and take away half the field from Lamar on third by forcing him to roll out.

The coaches did not come prepared today."
Goddamn this is hard to watch
This is disgusting
We have a bunch of chokers. Nobody on this team is stepping up. No one
Coaching is terrible. Roman and Wink having their worse game.
"lol now we're in prevent defense down by 10, is Wink tied up in a closet somewhere? who is running this defense."
Seriously fuck the gif war. When we meet in January no gif war. Fuck KC. Dont get why we are so buddy buddy with them.
It could be worse... we could be Falcons fans.
Yeah for real... How's our meme game gonna be stronger than our defense?
Atleast I can head to bed early. Its a long season. Getting exploited can hopefully help us sure up the rest of the year. Good night all.
"Roman just falls asleep during big games, always uninspired play calling"
"Can't tell what's worse - the way we're playing or the fake crowd noise. It's so terrible, it sounds like a Japanese game show."
At least I'm not that guy that bet a thousand bucks on the Ravens today.
"Bro, I'm straight up not having a good time."
I wonder what it’s like to actually use your brand new running back and play him. Where tf is Dobbins
We really need a turnover
Where's the heart of the cards when you need it
Ravens have 65 rushing yards on 8 carries...
Thank god for our Special Teams TD... we’re getting blown the fuck OUT!
3rd and 14 ? Say less... give them the TD! Fucking Christ this is absolute horseshit.
Didn't the chargers take these fucks into OT? The fuck man.
Don't talk to me about this defense until they beat teams when it matters. They look like shit tonight.
God damn. Elliot got fucking cooked
Why the fuck is Marlon rushing
Lol did we even prepare for this game
KC just skullfucks us every time
Earl is somewhere enjoying this
"I will gladly eat crow if we make a comeback, but get ready for a rout my friends"
Why is our best corner blitzing
"Go fucking do something Lamar, you’re choking again"
"Outplayed, outcoached, simple as that"
1st team all pro corner but blitz him every 3rd and long
Maybe this ass-kicking is just what this team needs
"I love the people bitching about ""fairweather fans"" they're shitting on our chests and fucking our girlfriend right in front of us, we should be pissed lol.

This team has a sad trend of choking big games, and tonights just another L on the pile."
"I dont ever wanna see Lamar compared to Mahomes again until he can win big games. 

HUGE Ravens fan and Lamar fan but this is inexcusable."
Now THATS ball game
"A’ite, imma head out"
Gonna be 34-10 before the half now. 41-10 a couple minutes into the 3rd.
Fucking done with these shitty ass coordinators
Should have taken a timeout after Lamar's run and get a new play call
Why wouldn’t you call a timeout. Why!!?
Well. Thats game. Before halftime.
And.... I'm out. Sleep well boys and girls.
WHY NOT CALL TIME OUT WHEN THEY CLEARLY WERENT READY FOR THE PLAY
Someone slit my fuckin throat please. Take me out of this misery.
Are we ever gonna use our 3 fucking timeouts or just shove them up our asses
We just lost like 15 yards cuz we can't fucking tackle mahomes
Wow... can’t believe this. Fucking pathetic
We suck
Soon as yall are down a score or two seems like panic mode kicks big time.
"So, no more gif wars right? Because they’re all just embarrassing to look at now."
We won the gif war for this shit?
I guess the chiefs are our krypotnite 😥
Blame of the game: EVERYONE except for Duvernay
Hope we trade for someone. We need a fucking jolt going forward.
Biggest weakness of this team is offensive and defensive line. Those are the foundations of great teams. Just not happening.
Judon done man and I’m sure a couple people just got on the warm seat after this game. I can’t believe I have to drink this one off for the rest of the season.
I have to log off reddit and not watch the halftime show.  It’s actually damaging to my mental health at this point.  Time to grab the bourbon and pray a little haha
"Just an all out failure all around. Offense, Defense, and Coaching is just embarrassing. Chiefs is just a mental thing, and that is worrisome"
"See how they're airing it out? Thats how you run a passing offense, Roman."
Holding them to a FG feels like winning the Super Bowl at this point
"WHERE IS THE RUN?!?! Lamar becomes an elite passer when the defense bites on play action. 

If we don’t run, the play action is meaningless"
We have been good at half time adjustments but just like the Titans game we aren't catching balls we need to catch and we have abandoned the run way too early. One of the great things about running is we could have taken control of the pace of the game again and let the offense at least catch up to the game a bit.
tucker is putting fear in this mans heart
At least Butker has proved he sucks.
We win the kicker battle
Best kicker my ass. At least we get that itty bitty W.
Well at least we settled the Tucker/Butker argument tonight. Fuck yeah Ravens!!!!
##AT LEAST WE HAVE TUCKER I GUESS
Player of the game goes to the wind.
"#loooool KC is this your king?

Yea we're trash tn but holy shit butker is awful lol"
"I'm getting irrationally angry over this game. I literally can't recall a time I was ever this angry over a football game.



Hey, at least that asshole missed"
Buttkicker is the only thing keeping me sane this game
"We're in no position to make fun, but Butker sucks"
"If Butker would not suddenly suck we would be down 20. 

AND they get the ball."
27-10 @ halftime. ATROCIOUS!!!
Lol at least butker sucks.
lol mahomes owning us again
"Putting the ""But"" in ""Butker"""
At least I don’t have to hear the “BuTkEr iS tHe BeSt KiCkeR” shit now. Only thing that has somewhat made me happy this game.
Look at the bright side from tonight....all that bullshit about Butker being the greatest is over
I am not looking forward to the trolls this week
"the plays that worked for us last year just haven't looked the same behind this line. 

haven't been able to find anything beyond 5 yards past LoS"
We can’t play from behind. Its reallly showing
Why is it in these games like the titans and this one the receivers just drop the ball over and over and over when normally they are sure handed
I’m gonna hope we can make this competitive. But I am also aware that I am a huge clown lol
"What’s that, 5 or 6 drops?"
I know this sounds obvious but If you give up a 40 yard TD on 3rd and 14 there’s something wrong
Mandrews struggling. This is just bad. Second half here we come!
[deleted]
If this is how the offense plays against the middle of the pack Chiefs D I'm scared of when we play the Squeelers
It’s good to have a game like this in September. The amount they will learn and improve from this is astronomical.
Hi there could our receivers STOP DROPPING THE CUNTING FOOTBALL PLEASE
"This is like a fucking Monty Python sketch, I’m expecting brave brave sir robin to line up with his coconut wielding squire behind him.

Probably would produce more than fucking Andrews and Hollywood so far."
"That last play was literally a practice rep against air and we couldn't complete it.

Comical."
We need a real mean mf in the locker room to set the tone for this next half
My head starts to hurt whenever the Ravens are losing like this lol
Why do we always get out coached in big games
"Ok google, show me how to perform the Heinrich maneuver

Edit: even my fingers are choking lol"
"Good, bring this team down to earth. Normally it happens in the playoff game. Slow down and play your game. We need to learn how to come back from down."
Harbaugh better be yelling at everyone to get their shit together
The only time that we can even get pressure is when Mahomes decides to hold on to the ball a little longer so he can go deep. The pass rush has been abysmal. Miscommunication in the secondary is also annoying.
I THOUGHT BOOMER RETIRED?
I want to have faith..
Peter's going to get a pick on opening drive truss
TIME FOR THE RAVENS TO COLLECTIVELY SHUT THESE ANNOUNCERS FUCKING MOUTHS
Hopefully is a BIG reset after the half
Matt Judon is trash tonight.  He couldn’t put a rush on my fucking grandma.
Another bullshit call
PLEASE SAY WE GET A BREAK.
Ravens ball
###BIG TRUSS
Good fucking night!!!
Holy shit finally
POSITIVITY IS BACK ON THE MENU BOYS COMEBACK IS ON (pending this offensive drive)
PLEASE OFFENSE IM BEGGING YOU
Now fucking score a td!!!
Fuck it I'm back in.
The defense finally made a play. This god damn offense needs a sustained drive.
THANK FUCKING GOD
Gotta go for it if it gets to 4th down
This is fucking embarrassing. Fuck this. There’s needs to be a full fucking reckoning in this locker room.
"Lmao, just when I think i'm out they drag me back in"
O Line needs to step up now. Defense did their jobs. Let’s go put up 7 on the board.
"Absolutely have to get a touchdown, and it does not have to be quick. Run it down their throats."
What is this pussy shit offense
Please run the bal
FUCKING RUN THE BALLLLL
So thats why we dont run screens! Pain.
No more passes for less than 4 yards down the field.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT WHY ARE YOU THROWING TO THE GUY IN TRAFFIC 3 YARDS BEHIND THE LINE
GOD DAMMIT ROMAN HOW DO YOU CRAFT ONE OF THE BEST RUSHING OFFENSES EVER AND YOU DONT RUN THE DAMN BALL
Mark “Gus Edwards” Ingram
The difference in creativity in offensive plays is really apparent. We have a lot of speed so we should have creative plays but we don’t.
O-Line in shambles right now
MENTAL MIDGETS
What are we fucking doing good lord
Is everyone fucking hungover?
I NEVER THOUGHT ID BE SO HAPPY TO SEE A FIRST DOWN
A FIRST DOWN
WE GOT A FIRST DOWN
I was about to be FURIOUS if brown went back and got tackled there
AB? No? I’ll see myself out. lol
Damn. Lamar would have had a TD there
"Whoa, running the ball works!?"
"Our line is looking ROUGH, people in Lamar's face instantly"
Damn Roman just realized we have running backs
Thank you Roman. Run the fucking ball.
Oh wow what is this play called where you hand the ball to someone?
It’s almost like this team is its best when we run the ball or something
Can we just never give the ball to Mahomes
"HUH? WHATTA MEAN RUNNING WORKS?

😱😱😱"
"What do you know? The run games works. Fuck you, Greg Roman."
Perfect fucking game for Andrews to forget how to catch a ball.
WHY DOES ANDREWS NOT CATCH IN BIG GAME?
That's on Andrew's. Not even a bad throw
LITERALLY ANY PASS LAMAR THROWS: DROP
#WHAT THE FUCK ANDREWS
Every important game Andrew's becomes fucking butterfingers
When Andrews is off he is OFF
What the fuck is going on with Andrews.
Mahomes doesn't have to worry about receivers and tight ends letting him down...
Andrews couldn’t catch corona
At least tucker is consistent
Fucking A
Goat kicker
"So on that drive we had Andrews drop a dime, Dobbins become a scared pussy and spin short of a first down, and Brown doesn't know how to fucking count. Fantastic."
Well that was a lot of effort to spot Kansas City 4 more points
That's the third drop on Andrews. Wow.
"Whenever Andrews drops a pass, he's fucked for the rest of the game. Just like in the 49ers game last year. (or Seahawks?)"
Remember when Mark Andrews could catch ;/
"I'm sad drunk, guys. I don't like being sad drunk :("
"MVP, tucker"
JUICEMAN WE NEED YOU RIGHT NOW
I’ve never seen so many wide open receivers than the chiefs receivers when they play us.
If Andrews asks for Kelce money just buy him a plane ticket to Miami.
and defense back to leaving guys wide open
They literally let Watkins have 5 yards of space there.
We’re playing prevent defense down 14
Thats what we are built for. What were they thinking? lol
Huge!!!!
LFGGG
INB4 we don't run the ball lol
That’s probally all the stops were getting on Mahomes this game we need the offense and special teams to do the most.
Let’s fuckin go! We’re not going down without a fuckin fight!
Hollywood and Andrews coming up small tonight so far. Let's see if they can not be bums this drive.
I'm feeling hopeful. That usually means Mahomes is about to pull a crazy play out of his ass
"We need a TD, let's go boys"
Good for Boykin. Can't even imagine who's covering him. Get him involved
#BUS
THE BUS ALWAYS SHOWS UP
Great run.  But can we play faster.  We need all the time we can get
"Bro, we need at least 5 more offensive possessions. We need to be uptempo right now. Defense should be OK; don't worry about that. Need fast TDs."
NOT THAT HARD TO RUN THE FKING BALL
These announcers are getting a lot of names wrong.
Why'd the clock run? Did he not run out of bounds?
How did the clock run out if Lamar run out of bounds?
Oh look Roman finally got back to running after he had abandoned it. DON'T FORGET.
"How fucking hard is it to run the fucking ball instead of forcing Lamar into an offensive scheme he isn't comfortable with, especially when our main receivers can't catch shit"
POUND EM INTO THE GROUND
I miss Marshall
Don life is such a good song.
Show Mark how it’s done Nick
We got a game FUCKERS
Touchdown. Now we need a stop
Regardless 48 passing yards is acceptable
Get another stop D! Show everyone you’re the best D out there
#IT IS A GAME FOR NOW
This why boyle got that star on madden
WE HAVE A BALL GAME BOYS!!! COME ON DEFENCE GET THAT TURNOVER!!
Lets get Boyle more snaps he got hands
WHEN IM NOT WATCHING THE GAME GOOD TINGS HAPPEN
"BEST BOYLE COUSIN!

I LOVE YOU"
ONE STOP PLEASE
"life, death, and boyle"
"If Andrews wants to get paid big, he has to stop disappearing in big games"
Why the fuck would they go for 2?
"Good job ravens, catch you guys at the end of the game, best of luck"
Boyle for TE1
Boyle has something to say
"One more stop please. Defense has been resting for like 15 minutes now, time to step up"
Let's get this stop D I belee!!!
Andrews wasn't even on the field for that play. Did Harbaugh find his doghouse out back?
Fourth quarter only down a touch! Let’s go D!!
MP JUICE MAN COMIN
"that andrews touchdown would be so fucking good right now, maaaan"
"Good fucking things happen when you mix in running the god damn ball. 

Pound the fucking rock let’s go."
"please D, please don’t , blitz. You won’t get there in time and Mahomes will torch *insert DB here* for 6."
TE bro also watching the game: [https://twitter.com/haydenrhurst/status/1310769556097503233](https://twitter.com/haydenrhurst/status/1310769556097503233)
Why would you go for 2 there instead of just making it a 7 point game? makes no sense to me
[removed]
"Now Andrews, prove me wrong and redeem yourself bby.  We could've been tied right now"
Now that it’s the 2nd half it’s nice to finally see Ravens play calling. A wasted first half.
Imagine if we didn’t abandon the run game the whole first half after going down by 1 possession
No way the Watts really have a subway in their yard. I call bs
"That was great, its a game again. Defense needs to keel up the pressure, a juiceman pick would be really nice right now"
This script is all too familiar. KC builds a big lead. Lamar leads us back with the run game. Mahomes responds and we fall short at the end... we need a STOP this drive
Let's get the stop and tie this motherfucker
"Please Judon, play like your contract depends on it"
If everyone thinks we are having our worst game and we are only down by 7 I'll take that any day lol
"MP, Marlon, get us a pick here. We need it!"
MP JUICEMAN PLEASE JUMP A ROUTE
I dont care about fantasy at this point GET A STOP
The way this guy pronounces CEH's name is killing me
Lmao you know Tucker got pissed off when Butker was called the best kicker. Not even giving them a chance at a kick return
"oh my god i saw that coming a mile away

how is he uncovered"
"For fucks sake Levy, its Helaire not eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-laire"
WIDE OPEN RECEIVERS
Can someone fucking sack this dude
Mahomes is fucking special man
Matt judon really has 0 pass rushing moves doesn’t he?
I wish we still had Osemele.
"jesus fucking christ

our blitzes are so ineffective"
Why do we shit the fucking bed every third down?
STOP BLITZING YOU IDIOT
"Sigh...really makes me miss the Ray Lewis and Ed Reed, era. Those were the Raven days."
"Same thing every game against the Chiefs, can never get a 3rd down stop"
guys! let’s just keep blitzing! that will surely work!!
The play calling on both sides has been fucking awful.
5 yards every fucking down
"its tough for us as fans because everything we are doing, they have an answer for.

other teams can't do this, so it makes us feel uncomfortable.

we stayed really healthy last season, so you didn't have the sort of new players in spots. this is Queen's 3rd game. there are going to be mistakes."
At what point does Offensive holding become so obvious that they have to flag it?  Anyone know?
Prematurely gonna place blame of the game square on the shoulders of Matthew Judon and Mark Andrews
Judon owes the Texans OTs a big check
Guys trust me it could be worse... you could always be a falcons fan. FML
"Welp I'm just happy we at least showed some life this game. Whatever, I trust edc to make some moves and fill the holes."
Looked like some holding on that play
"judon plays like an interior lineman somehow

just cannot be bothered with holding the edge like he should"
Judon constantly on the ground this game
The defense can't stop a nosebleed and KC is holding on every single play and they are just ignoring it
We're soooo out coached.
They’re just fucking with us now
Time to pad the passing game stats amirite?
We haven’t changed anything on defense all game obviously blitzing and having everyone 12 yards off coverage isn’t working
Who we signing off the street to fix the pass rush? Any disgruntled bad system star rushers out there to trade for? Sigh
Honestly if we keep it within 7 I wouldn’t be too angry. Upset that we basically shit ourselves in the first half yes
It’s the same game every time we play them. Offense shows up late n mahomes does his thing. O wakes up n we make a run but D can’t hold mahomes down for long enough
"Something always happens to fucking embarrass us. A double pass, wr pass, o line TD run or pass, jump pass, no look pass...something fucking stupid always rips any hope away. Ugh we have a habit of being at the wrong end of a fucking highlight"
"On top of having an overpowered receiving core, great offensive coaching, and great QB to boot, the defense also has to deal with the constant holding..."
Imagine calling plays for Judon and he just keeps rolling on the ground. Did we prepare for this game at all?
Remember the Suggs + Dumervil pass rush in 2014? That was amazing. Haven't had anything close to that since.
Gus please
Chiefs probably let them back in to feel something.
"2 biggest takes from this game:
1 We need an interior o line men
2 we need some sort of pass rush"
can’t say enough about how bad these announcers are. terrible.
"Honestly we deserved to lose this game. Roman fucked us over by not running the ball, blitzing mahomes never worked and left their receivers wide open to tear the field up. Andrews' drop of an easy catch is inexcusable and sealed the deal. That and we can't tackle.

Horrendous catching is what cost us. Roman seems to be so set on proving we're more than a running team and it's costing us. If it works, it works. Put your damn ego aside and do what it takes to win."
Lamar Jackson doubters are going to have a field day with this performance. He’s admittedly looked bad passing the ball and he’ll be the first to admit it
Ugh brown beat him you have to make that play lamar
Fucking brutal. 2 sacks in a row
Get rid of the ball dude wtf is that.
Lamar having a bad night
Offensive line is actually pathetic on that play
Someone tell Lamar losing 10 yards is far worse than throwing the ball away and in some cases worse than throwing it into coverage
That’s the game
"Mahomes always has magic

We always want magic"
Alright who’s the top O line spec for the draft
Imagine if we would’ve went for a touchdown on our first drive instead of going for it on fourth and 23. This game is over now
why did we not call a TO and regroup after either of those sacks and instead wasted almost 2 minutes?
"We need to learn how to play from behind. 

This is atrocious"
Lamar looked pissed and not set on every one of those 4 snaps
put judon in at rg
"It's 4 AM here, I'm signing off. We'll be back stronger"
"Ok y'all are definitely being too dramatic (big surprise here, I also was earlier tho so I can't say too much). The chiefs literally have the best offense pretty much ever, they came with a much better game plan as well. Just be sure to laugh at all the Steelers fans who think their record means they're better than us (surprise, their record doesn't mean shit right now). Fuck you mahomes, you're nice as shit but I still hate you and the walrus. See you in the playoffs."
"Don’t know if I should be worried seeing Lamar frustrated that last drive or happy to have a qb with some fire. Tough night all around. Especially the play calling. 

Pound the ball against a bad running d, eat the clock and keep the ball out of the second coming of Christ’s hands. We’ve been through this already. 

We’ll bounce back next week."
Fuck week 3 though. Every year week 3 has been awful. Show up next week please for the love of god
Not upset about us losing to the defending champs with no fans at home
Out coached.
"Ok so seriously major thing when we face teams that could actually beat us , like the games that matter ? We ENTIRELY. Change our game plan and try all this cute shit early and then it’s too late to do what we are good at , like Roman is dead ass afraid of good teams exposing us so he tries a bunch of cute shit"
Brightside: We play the NFC East while KC has to play NO and TB
Stay away from r/nfl this week or don’t open any Ravens thread
I still think the team comes out of this stronger in the end. Im glad all of the weaknesses we've been murmuring about all came out in one game.. If you want to take some postives out of this game. The mental weakness from the coaches and some of the players really showed in this game. Onto next week though :)
"I’m going to be real surprised if Ed isn’t hands on with this week just like after the browns lost, we need that kind of readjustment we are top two in the afc at this point and it ain’t one."
here's what it is. stop calling pass plays when we are down by less than a touchdown that is not out game for christ sakes. Gus Edwards is better than Mark Ingram. Lamar needs to run more or else he is worse than Flacco was I do not know why he isn't running like last year.
"Plenty of W's coming for you guys this season, see you in the playoffs"
"super bowl year we got blown out by the broncos in the regular season, so just remember that playoffs are a diff beast"
The narrative that the wake up call is needed is either 1) true but fucked. How do you not get up for this after the Titans disaster? Or 2) not true and the team just laid an egg and it’s an L for an L’s sake
Trailing the whole game and only throwing for 97 yards...
"ima be honest, i want to us do nothing but run on the football team just to get our anger out"
Alright ravens fans. Disappointed yes. But kvetching won’t do us any good. Well wake up tomorrow and start fresh and start preparing for our game for next week. #bigtruss #ravensflock
"This team needed a wake up call. Lamar really needs to take this week to figure out a way on how he can get out of his own head when he is trailing. We know this man can capitalize with a major lead, but now it’s time to work on the long game. Good game ladies and gents- lets not lose hope 🦀"
These announcers suck ass. Good I miss Gruden
Yeah our ranking will fall so damn hard lmaooo
They need to stop coming out so damn easy and chill to start. The intensity kicks in waaay too late for everyone. I think we need to start thinking about bringing some different coordinators too cause it hardly seems like the team adjusts well enough during games to play better.
"Lol fuck this thread, im out. Buncha fairweather fans. Should be ashamed."
Were not playing well but this officiating is complete fucking garbage
"Don't worry, chiefs start the half with the ball"
"If Patrick Mahomes can keep playing like this throughout his career, Brady will no longer be the GOAT"
We got embarrassed by the Browns week 4 last year and regrouped and won 12 straight. We're losing to the best team in football tonight. We can get past this.
It’s impossible to enjoy us throttling a shitty team when it’s in the back of your head that everytime you play a big team you crumble.  This must be how Saints fans have felt.
Every talking head is picking us....that seems like bad juju
Nice no call on Jimmy getting held lol. Here we go 🙄
A 3rd down stop would be very nice right now.
Mahomes always begging for a call
I wish I didn’t get so hyped for this game.
Does Judon even give a shit?
YOU’RE RIGHT HE IS JUSTIN KICKER
Refball
"That was not an offside man, just because he moves does not mean he is offsides?"
Is holding not a penalty anymore? Did I miss something?
Holding smh
"#Judon wasn't offsides, refs are just blaming him cuz he's an easy scapegoat. They've been making absurd calls against us the whole night"
Roman should be ashamed of his offensive game plan so far
"Why does this team freeze up and start making horrible calls when down? Why has gus edwards, yet again been totally erased from the game because of a slight lead?"
Serious question: Is Lamar hurt? Weird play calling and he's terribly inaccurate.
The playcalling has been fucking atrocious this game. Run the fucking ball. Why do we always do this against the chiefs. Try to play a different game than we are used to. Always fucking decide let's have Lamar stop being the running god and have him shoot out with the fucking main gunslinger in the nfl.
Judon is the most worthless $17M “Pro Bowler” in football history
Don’t wanna hear another fucking word about super bowl aspirations until this team fucking shows that it can compete with a team in this league that isn’t dog shit
"The ONE time we get a home game, a PRIME TIME home game against the chiefs it’s with no fans. FUCK. THIS"
somebody kicks three field goals in a row when only 1 actually counted and suddenly he's better than the most accurate kicker in nfl history lmfao
I've seen enough. Put Flacco in.
"Sadly, we are extremely lucky it's only a 17 point deficit"
Harbaugh doesn’t know how to play Lamar Jackson when this team is trailing. Why did they stop playing their game when it was 6-3? This is horrible.
We got absolutely embarrassed at home tonight. No pressure whatsoever. It's surprising they're not up by more tbh
We got killed so bad we had to bench our rookie linebacker. God damn.
Dear god I do not want to play the Steelers with this Oline
"Mahomes looks dialed in. Lamar looks googly eyed. Blocking and secondary are underperforming big time. Earl Thomas is a huge loss for this game. All that said and we can still pull it together if we get pressure on KC, and make some catches on offense."
"Lamar is 0-4 when trailing by 10 at any point in a game. 

Please , stunt on that stat tonight Lamar. Because you gotta be able to come back and win games. This is definitely a tall order to complete against KC but at least make it closer and show us the offense can compete

I don’t give a shit if we lose (looking pretty certain at this point) but for god sake show me something on Offense. Make KC D sweat a little. This looks mediocre af and not scaring anyone come play off time"
Holy shit everyone saying Lamar is done just start rooting for this team yesterday?
We went 12-1 after last seasons week 3 loss to KC. We may have needed this.
Gg ravens. Y'all got plenty more wins coming up. Just gotta work out the kinks. See you in the playoffs
People have called Mahomes vs Lamar the new Brady vs Manning and its absolutely true. Lamar is peyton unfortunately. Amazing QB that can’t win big games consistently and often gets embarrassed by the other.
0-3 vs Mahomes. 0-2 in playoffs. Lamar needs to get over this. Regular season means nothing.
"Can we stop making excuses today?

Why can't we put blame on Lamar when he completely shits the bed like this?

Yes, he's my favourite player and yes he's our future. But he needs to be better, because I don't know whether it's psychological or what, but he seems to completely regress when we're playing the Chiefs."
We’re losing by 3 and everyone is acting like we’re the worst team in the league. Chill out we’re very in this game.
Fuck trump
"Well that's only the 5th hold and a very obvious block in the back. Whatever I'm not gonna bitch about the refs too hard, they obviously want their golden boy to win tonight"
Lamar was just bad tonight guys. it happens
I’m not even excited knowing we will beat the shit out of Washington next game. I want quality W’s against legit teams like last season.
"LAMAR IS RUNNING IT

J.K."
Okay I’m not usually like this but there was so much holding on that play
Great drive killed by two ”cute” plays.
I’ll be happy when Judons gone tbh. Not worth money he doesn’t seem like he’s even trying this year
I blame the white pants. Shame on who ever decide white was better than black or purple
But but but but they were telling me Butker is the best kicker in the world to ever play!?!
"SOmeone should let the defense know that the game started, clearly they don't know."
Damn this sub is whiny
Campbell the only adult out there.
Drop ball count: 2
"I’m old to remember earlier this week when I was telling myself “Yeah, but we didn’t have Peters last year.”"
Lamar is totally out of it. Just gotta survive to halftime
"Lamar getting killed tomorrow. Not even all his fault but I can hear Stephen A now, 7 passing yards? 7!? lol"
So 27-10 at half and 34-10 by 12 mins to go in the 3rd qtr?  FML.
On the brightside. No fans means no banshee screeching
Dominate the weak teams but choke against real contenders
"This game is fucking over. Wow, we are TERRIBLE in big games now. The Flacco curse. Lamar is ONLY good in low stakes regular season games."
I’m usually not an alarmist but we are getting exposed
"Lamar deserves criticism for sure, but ik all it took was another bad game for r/nfl to go back"
"Annnd this is why u don't drink the kool aid. The media wants to drive a narrative of a rivalry between our two teams, but the truth is, they are the superbowl champs for a reason and Mahomes is on another level. Comparison is the enemy of happiness."
And now we are going to have those steeler fucks chriping when they barley beat 3 0-3 teams
"I knew this was going be a tough game KC is a great time, Mahomes is amazing QB, Andy is a great coach

But come on we gotta play better, we gotta complete more passes and move the ball down field."
If the ref standing 2 fucking inches doesn't call it then why is the dumbass on the otherside calling it
"Let's see how creative the ravens are in racking up a 3 & out this time.

/s ... hopefully"
"I retract my previous Gus statement. 

I apologize to the Bus"
I’m going to have a stroke
"I’d have anyone over judon literally anyone

Edit: fuck it i will play for free and I guarantee I’m better than judon, my niece hits harder than judon"
How is a guy lined up as LT eligible?
"This is what happens when you deter from your game plan early on. Nobody panicks and folds quicker than Greg Roman. He shit himself when he got down a score in the playoffs, and they go down seven in this game and he immediately goes pass heavy (and there is ZERO talent in his receiver corps).

Miserable play calling and equally horrific execution all night long."
Lamar under pressure is not good at all.
winning games against garbage teams isnt even fun knowing we wont ever win anything important with this sorry system
Its week 3. KC look like the SB champs. Ravens looking like that team that lost to the Titans last year. Have we learned anything? I put this one on the coaches
"This is basically the NFL's version of the LA Clippers.

House the teams that you're supposed to and struggle to even look competent against the top tier."
Lamar doesnt have 100 yards and we think our receivers are good enough against this team in January?
"We need a trade


Yanda retiring gutted the OL"
The Chiefs just wanted this win more. Edwards-Helaire just won’t go down and we have looked slow everywhere.
Everything keys off the run.  Time to bench Ingram.  Edwards-Dobbins platoon = wins.  Lamar magic works in between runs.
"At least I expected a loss here. 

Everyone played like shit tonight. 

But the playcalling was the worst. And I think it's time to move Ingram down the depth chart. Hes just not that good compared to gus and Dobbins."
[deleted]
Big boys!
Let's get this one tonight!
Are you watching WBAL 11 or ESPN?
#BIG FUKKEN TRUZZ
I'm always so nervous on prime time.  Because if you shit the bed... EVERYONE sees it.
"The Llama so great, Sammy took his middle name!

Samuel Lamar Jackson!"
What was that pitch!  Crazytown!
That late toss had me gasping.
good job ingram! run it down their throats
Chiefs run D is ass
Duvernay took that hit and didnt flinch....
IT IS THE KICKING BATTLE WE ALL PREDICTED
I like kicking the FG didn’t look good the last 2 plays
Shoulda been 7 but it’s coo now we know the run works!
2nd and 3 and we call 2 pass plays in a row wtf
It was a questionable 3rd down play call but we complained when harbaugh DIDNT take 3 last time the ravens and chiefs met so I love the outcome of the first drive.
https://streamable.com/lgdjlc
So it’s going to be one of those fucking nights.  Two holds and a block in the back by KC on first play and then this
Defense is ass
Juice Man what you doing bby?
What a shit first defensive drive.
That's two big obvious holds they haven't called now fuck sake..
So much for defense
Big truss I ain’t worried
Best in the league
"Alright. Our defense didn't want to play that drive, so we need to turn this into a shootout."
"Butker is the best kicker, guys. Trust me. Very true and certifiably not false"
Butker not the GOAT
Damn kicker lmaoooo
That was on Judon
Too fucking easy. Gotta be way better
Judon is so worth 15 mill
Best kicker in the league 😂
We gotta get that one back
I’m so happy we didn’t sign Judon long term... he looks so underwhelming
Fuck outta here with that weak sauce.
Calais Campbell forced that miss.
I think this Mahomes guy might be good
Love this team except for these pass rushers. They are just not able to pass rush with 4.
Did the monstars play a snap last drive? Like all three on the field at the same time?
"Mahomes diced us up on that drive, ngl I wasn't expecting that."
Weakest point on the defense is definitely the lack of an edge/ olb presence
Really wish the NFL let us do that trade with the Jags to get clowney
Our kicker won offensive player of the week after 6 50+ field goals in a game. Whats this guy done exactly?
"Imagine, we could’ve had Aldon Smith for peanuts"
Someone kidnap this refs family
wtf was that?
Love to see refs swallow their whistle on kickoffs and punts more
Lol this ref is pissing me off
##Great job ref!
Play the bullshit chant for these refs you ESPN cowards.
REFBALL BABY THIS IS SO FUN TO WATCH WOW
That was a bullshit call
Eagles fan here (yes I’m depressed) but these refs are complete ASS
refs definitely don’t like KC or anything
refs gonna ruin this game
"These calls are such bs, who TF is this ref?"
"FLAG, FLAG, FLAG!!"
Penalty is a drive killer man
2 killer penalties
Jfc can we open up the offense?
These refs are fucking yellow bellied pony soldiers. Goddamn cowards.
Take the fucking kid gloves off.
These refs be tripping
Chiefs getting them Brady/Pats flags
Harbs getting fined.
I hate this fucking ref. Every fucking time
BS flag kills the drive before it even starts
"That stupid ass penalty really just fucked us, man. Come on"
Jackson wtf are you doing man
"They need to settle in, playing very nervous"
This isn’t going our way is it
inb4 flag on the punt
WHERES MARK ANDREWS PLZ FANTASY HE AINT RUN A ROUTE
this is painful
Yea this is going to be a long night.
Well this is not exciting so far.
Why is that trophy floating in midair?
when you gain 14 on the first play then get a bullshit call to go to first and 20. Its a big difference. Thats 24 yards and first and 10.
"If they walk down and score again, we’re fucked. This team needs to show some mental strength against adversity"
Man this feels like its gonna be a long night
looks like were in for a stressful night... its been sometime my og's know whats up tho
BIG TRUSS we still got this
Slow start but if they can get a stop they can come back. This was never gonna be easy.
Keep the faith. TRUSS
"The BS penalty killed that drive, but we gotta get into a rhythm and play our game and not get too fancy."
"Still early in the game guys, but I’m not a fan of the play calling so far"
Playcalling needs to improve
116 years of experience? Yeah of being blind.
Fuck tonight's officials bro
"Experience my ass, these guys are clowns"
116 is the combined iq
Elliot needs to use his arms.
Derek Wolf getting pushed around badly.
wrap the fuck up
I have this terrible feeling we're not going to stop the Chiefs unless they stop themselves with penalties.
"Finally, a call that wasn't against the ravens"
Garbage D
I’m prepared to be crucified but I think the offenses weakness is Roman. I love him for his ability to design a run game but Jesus Christ he cannot call a passing game without PA. That’s our weakness
This is fucking embarrassing
Chuck and Averett both deer in the headlights
"thank you Marlon, someone on D makes a play finally"
"Why does he keep calling him ""Eelaire""??"
So glad we never invest in the pass rush so we have to blitz constantly to create pressure
Bowser is playing fucking Tag not edge
The horrible tackling by our pass rushers makes our lack of pass rush 100x worse.
these boys need a tackling clinic
"Every year we play the chiefs we get fooled by the designed screens over and over again, it's honestly ridiculous that it's the same shit."
All they are trying to do is strip the ball
Kelce is gonna shred our secondary.
"Calais ""Fine I'll do it myself"" Campbell"
Man this defense sucks when they’re not forcing turnovers give up way too many plays and can’t finish sacks
[deleted]
Good discipline on 93 there. Nice.
we are fiiiiiiine
"C'mon boys, a lotta game left, let's goooooo"
I want Lamar to activate that Seattle Super-Saiyan mode sometime tonight
Big 3rd down here
"Hmm

Here are my thoughts - we are respecting their receivers and giving a little too much space , peters and humphrey, our guys are good we need to get a little physical with them and get tighter coverage. With that space mahomes can make those throws all day."
"Defense gotta make a stop at some point. They can't just let Mahomes move up and down the field. I like the batted balls at the line though, one more of those and it's an INT."
Andy Reid is a great coach & playcaller. This offense is tough to defend from a schematic standpoint
Keeping them to a FG attempt will be big here
Where's LJ Fort? I feel like I haven't seen much of him
We’re trying to hide our pass rush struggles by blitzing more. Chiefs respond by throwing quick passes and screens. We have no answer.
"Guys chill out we r down by 3 with 3 quarters to play, of course things are not going to go exactly to plan against the best team in football, give them time"
"i don't think our defense is terrible; but KC has enough weapons to get favorable matchups. and they know where they are and they are getting it.

we haven't been able to do that on the other side of the ball so far."
Yeah that browns game last year
ZERO meaningful pressure
Peters 2 fuck ups already
"Well, one team came ready to play."
Not spending on clowney looking bad right now
Lamar has only lost to the Browns (x1) and Mahomes (x2) as a starter in the regular season. Let that sink in. lol
#WHY CAN'T WE FUCKING PASS RUSH
lmao of fucking course
"Once again, no defensive discipline. They will do this all damn game"
Embarrassing.
Ard can our creative play calling show up now? Lol
"In b4 ""lamar can't do comebacks"""
Let’s see if we can complete a pass downfield. Defense will step up of the O gives us some energy
Andy Reid is a master
No one can cover Kelce
"Its all good guys, everyone knows the Chiefs can only come from behind. if we're losing at half the Chiefs will inevitably collapse"
Damn near perfect play calling by Reid. Long night ahead for the D. We gonna need to keep up a drive on offense to let the defense settle down and adjust or this is about to be a blow out by half time if the D doesn’t get a break. No 3 n out please
"I need a cigarette and a strong drink, shit."
Lamar going to march down the field and get 6 here. I am looking forward to breaking his 0-4 after he’s down 10 points
I hope we run the ball but knowing Roman thats already out the window
dont give up we got this
This is the consequence of trying cute offensive plays against one of the most lethal teams in the league 🤦‍♂️
Everybody relax. Lots of game left.
Relaaaaaaaaaaax
DUVERNAY IS GONE!!!
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO
THATS WHAT THE LLAMA ORDERED!!
Holy SHIT that's exactly what we need.
WOOOOO F U REFS
What up!!!!
Jacoby Jones reincarnated?
TOUCHDOWNNNNNN RAVENS!!!
AYEEEEE DUVERNAY
OMG WAIT WHAT
"I FUCKING LOVE YOU DUVERNAY!!!!!!!!!!

MOTHER FUCKING HOOK 'EM

[THERE WE GO](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j1o2jy/9282020_week_3_game_thread_kansas_city_chiefs_at/g70g50o/)"
"&#x200B;

Wow.  Devin Duvernay just ran for 93-Yards and a Touchdown 👀"
DUV!!!!!!! Shades of Jacoby!!!
LFG
HOLLYYY. SHHIITTTTTP
#WE STILL HERE
We needed that in the worse way.
Our defense couldn't even get a break lol.
"Dude ran a 4.3 and y'all wanna kick it short, outta your fuckin melon!!!"
Been a while since we’ve seen a kick off return!!
"Never sleep on us! Defense isn’t doing us any favors, but damn if our O isn’t trying to win this game!"
Fuck I got up to piss and missed it!
Okay very happy with this rookie
LETS ROCK BOYS WOOOOOOO
BIG PLAY DUVERNAY!
DUVERNAY LET'S GOOOOOOOOO
"Well, so much for Butkers fucking pooch kicks"
FUUUCK YEAAAAAHHHH
BIG DICK DEV
Thanks Buttlicker!
Defense... DEFEND WHATS OURS!
And just like that its a 3 point game
He needs to be incorporated in the offense ASAP
Justin Kicker!
Will the defense get a stop? Surely they cant score every drive? surely..
Jacoby Jones 2012 vibes right there! Baltimore's kick return game is back!
"I love Justin Kicker, he's the GOAT Tucker"
Justin Kicker!!! I like it!
Hit them with the DuverNaeNae
Defense has to step it the fuck up now.
Tucker showing the young kid how to do a real kickoff
Devin duvernay more like devin Hester amirite?
Hopefully thats the spark we needed to get it going
Energized the whole team
D is going to need one of those 10 minute drives by the offense
as a ravens fan that TD was awesome. as a lamar and mandrews owner its kinda bittersweet lol
"Calling that a ""no look"" pass is a bit disingenuous, he looked with his eyes, just didn't turn his head.

Still impressive though."
Finally a bad Mahomes pass
BIG STOP LETS GOOOO
YES!!! 3 and out baby!
"Perfect, 3 and out  lets fuckin go"
A STOP????
They are waking up!
That smile on Duvernay’s face when he realized he was going all the way
Hopefully we've settled down.
3 and out!
Here’s our chance!
thank god defense lets go
Lets gooooooooooo!!!!
That was critical. Defense needs some more rest.
Kick return td gave us life
I thought Proche was about to break that for a moment too
So much easier when the refs don't fuck you
Awesome. Now run the motherfucking ball.
JIMMMMMMMMAAAAAAYYYY
Now we gotta run the ball
"Man, our special teams is great"
If Proche and Duv both get a return TD that would be AWESOME
I went to take a piss and you guys scored somehow? How'd they do it?
Nice spin move there by Proche
We need to keep it on the ground right here need a surgical drive by Lamar like he did against the Browns before Half time
#THREE AND OUT
LETS GO BOYS LETS GET SOME DAMN POINTS
Run it down their throats
In Ozzie we trust
Love that Decosta went out and drafted these two WRs with sticky hands and special team ability 😍
"#IN OZZIE WE TRUST. 

#ALWAYS."
Damn Andrews felt the hits coming
Catch the ball!!
WHAT IS THIS SHIT RUN THE FUCKING BALL
Run. The. Ball
Let’s pass on every play now cuz we are down by 3
RUN THE BALL PLEASE
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
Nice let’s just abandon the run game
That was a really good throw idk what the announcers are saying that was on him where no one else was getting it
Why no throws beyond the sticks?
Can we run????
Where the hell are the runs?!?
"How do you not just bury the run right into these soft ass goons? 

Pass pass pass. Are you fucking serious?"
lets stop with these underneath/hospital passes please
Lamar is doing what he can. You can’t drop that.
Run the ball wtf
so are we just not going to run at all the rest of the game?? tf is this playcall
We need to run the ball FFS
Why are our receivers hardly running past the first down on 3rd down? Wtf?
Why they playing like they're down 30 and not 3?
Offense is a little cold but I'm not worried bout shit!
Pass pass pass pass just like the playoff game
"We are doing the same we did againts the titans. We are slightly behind, so we are completely abandoning what we do best on offense"
These passing play calls have been absolutely terrible
Why did the Ravens stop running the ball?
Why are we only throwing now G Ro? We had 60 rushing yrds on the first drive
Why are we being cute ?! Just run the fucking ball everytime we face a team were it will be a few challenge they do all this cute shit run the fucking ball
The game thus far is on no one except for Greg Roman
Why don't just at least try the run game.
Receivers always shitting themselves in big games
"Alright, so the terrible play on first down.  

A terrible drop on second down.  

A questionable play on third.  

I wish they'd run the ball more, but at least we probably won't see any more drives ruined by that first down play that they used on three consecutive offensive snaps."
Feel like they are falling in the same trap as the titans play off game...abandoning the run WAY too early
RUN THE GODDAMN BALL
And this is how we lost to the Titans....
"same shit with the titans game

passing all the time even when receivers are dropping them and just ignoring the run game"
Playoff roman
How is this shit not obvious to coaches? Like you gotta know we're running well..
"How the fuck do you not put the Gus Bus in there and just fucking pound the ball, jesus"
Why is Lamar throwing into 3-4 defenders there. Others were open. Gotta stop trying for big plays all the time. Build drives.
"The best rushing team in football too scared to run? 

We’ve got 3 damn good backs. Work em and let Lamar make plays off that respect."
"hey, lets not throw underneath/hospital passes all day, for one we shouldnt throw this much, for two, our recievers arent built for this"
Hollywood and Andrews need to step up. Too many drops.
I just had a flashback to Flacco throwing the checkdown on every 3rd 😬
Why are we playing so soft? We have two all-pro corners.
Why aren’t we running the ball?
We ran it effectively on the first drive and then stopped. Cmon man.
I don’t know. Maybe cover Kelce.
"Keep playing 10 years off of every receiver, guys!

It's working well!"
Kelce just shrugs our dudes off
It's not even like Lamar's throwing bad balls you fucks just ain't catching em
WTF IS WRONG WITH OUR PASS RUSH? FINISH A PLAY!
For god’s sake can the defense just show up so we can stop hearing about how Mahomes invented football. I love the guy but come onnnnnn
Down by 3 but feels we losing by 30
"I love my team and I'm not going anywhere, but this is embarrassing."
We couldn't sack a statue. Jesus fucking Christ our pass rush is so revoltingly bad.
"WInk is usually so aggressive, but he has the DBs playing scared 10 yards off"
Calais and Humphrey are the only defensive players out there today
This broadcast just jerking Pat off instead of calling the game 🤣🤣🤣
Nice fucking holds by their o line right there
Classic Judon penalty
Excited to see what move EDC is going to make at the deadline to give us an actual pass rush
GODDAMMIT JUDON THIS IS WHY YOU'RE FUCKING GONE NEXT YEAR
looked like he timed that one perfectly in my opinion
I really hope we don’t pay judon. He doesn’t deserve whatever he wants.
How else would Judon get a sack lol
😡
So much holding
Wow this is getting ugly
That wasn't offsides. That was timed
"Harbaugh getting outclassed. Also everytime I see a flag, I know it's against us smh"
Fuck this shit man this D looks flat out incompetant if they arent getting turnovers
I hope Wink and Greg Roman get a stern talking to after this game
Please run the ball and take a deep breath here offense
Whole team looks unfocused
I would like to see a slow mo of the offsides call.  It looked OK to me.
Our best pass rush is our 300 pound run stuffers MP is gonna get hate bc the ends are ghosts
Just setting up lamars comeback guys thats all
"It kills me, Baker is wearing my bathrobe!  I love that bathrobe!"
"Man, 75 was holding our dude by his facemask. I wasn’t sure if it was holding or a facemask but it looks like it was offsetting penalties."
Team has like 0 fight in them right now
Can someone explain why we are throwing screens to Nick Boyle
This is Flacco era checkdown offense holy shittttt
Wtf are these passing play calls? Jesus Christ Roman
"People rag on Lamar for not being able to throw us back into a game, but Roman's playcalling when we're down is incredibly bad."
This is giving me flashbacks to 'Nam aka the playoffs last year
"This team is playing scared. I don't know what it is, but they look legit scared."
Here's the issue. Noone can make a play
Why are we going 5 wide every 3rd down?
Damn he broke his collar bone
"L'Jarius Sneed's shoulder is messed up.

&#x200B;

Also, he has a very funny name"
Love to see the O line just standing around looking confused with Lamar scrambling with a live ball.
Great. Our defense is gassed af....
"Just run the damn ball and let Lamar throw from the pocket when we need it, these roll outs are resulting in nothing but dump offs"
Our receivers running into each other. Fucking terrible offense.
"\*cancels my Andrews jersey order.  Just kidding, I'm not but what's going on with his catching?"
what the fuck plays are these? You got recievers running into each other lmao. This is clown shit tonight
Wow this game bout to be unwatchable real soon
What the hell are we doing out there?
Yeaaahhh this really showing how weak we are to whole damn league
We’re deadass the Celtics of the NFL. Stacked team but can never get it done
Garbage playcalling
The fuck is this play calling. Fucking Roman.
"I might tap out for maybe 20 minutes, we look absolutely pathetic."
"Who would have guessed that a receiving corps of Brown, Boykin and Snead wouldn't be effective.

Apparently getting exposed in the playoff game wasn't proof enough for the brass."
It'd be cool if we could get a stop
ROFL not a single man can tackle
"Feel's like we are playing conservatively. We aren't doing what makes us good, running the ball play action pass then jackson makes magic"
What is this ridiculous fake crowd noise?
"This team needs to get a fucking grip

Not a single person is playing Ravens football"
Stil truzz
Flat out getting out coached on both sides of the ball
These announcers are even more annoying than the game. Also the person in charge of crows noise please stop
"If y’all think this is the end of the season idk what to tell you. See Browns last year, Broncos (regular season) in 2012 etc. we drop shit games with the best of them sometimes"
I had a gut feeling all day man :(
Our playstyle requires us to control the clock and keep the offense on the field as much as we can. Something we are failing to do tonight and now we have to do something we haven't done effectively yet which is getting back in the game.
This is not what I was looking for. I don't even care if we win or lose this game I just wanted a good game. We'll get there. There is a lot of game ahead of us....but still ugh
Judon is pretty useless
I wish we could face Mahomes in November instead lol.
This team does not deal with getting punched in the mouth well at all. Its why we've always thrived with the underdog mentality under harbaugh
That's ball game. Night all.
Ballgame
"Wow, just fucking terrible"
#GOD DAMMIT WTFFFF
Elliot is ass we all knew this for years lmao
I don’t understand the TEXANS can play them well the CHARGERS...but we just absolutely fold
Welp. Game over. Our defense isnt even trying..
bReAtHe Ya’LL lol
embarrassing.
They’re shitting on us.
Yikes
So what safety are we trading for?
Earl Thomas may have been nice there
:( I still have hope but.. :(
when you rush a corner and a safety. Elliot cover deep. Not the sticks
How are you not prepared for Monday night football
"Honey, wheres my sleeping pills"
God I hope we get blown out now I’m so tired of us coming out flat in big games.  We need a wake up call.
3rd and 14 let’s blitz the best CB
Gonna need a miracle in the 2nd half
"I dont wanna hear any of those retards in here calling anyone ""fairweather fans"" for saying that the team is playing like shit. This is ridiculous"
Greg Roman shitting the bed yet again in important games.
"I'll admit, we are missing Earl Thomas."
I’m going to bed
We have more in common with the Jets than we thought...
Greg Roman is calling a piss poor game
That’s a wrap.
"Wink and company should be ashamed, look confused.


Offense looks uninspired and lethargic."
This is a snuff film
Like I can’t believe this tbh. They might drop 60 on us
Now they're running the ball lol
Goooooood night
The oline is so bad this year.
Hah. I told my husband we couldn’t hold onto the ball for 1:48 and they’d score again before half. I can see the future.
We're about to lose 50-10
They'll probs get another TD outta this
Will the real Baltimore Ravens please stand up?
"Watching from the UK, rather be asleep rn instead of watching this shit show."
Just completely outcoached and not ready to play on both sides of the ball. Did we even prepare for this game? Doesn’t look like it.
No one showed up to play today. Coaching has been horrendous. Turning that crap off
Why TF can't we sack him ever. Holy shit
The 2nd half ravens will look better then the 1st half. Belee dat
Bruh this Ravens offense are killing their defense. No time to rest...
WTF happened to this team that we suddenly look scared in big games for two years in a row.
I miss having a physical defense
Our offensive line is shit this year
"We’re completely naked 

This is embarrassing. I’m not looking forward to the slanders."
[deleted]
"You had 3 timeouts, What the fuck are you doing?"
The pass rush is so bad even when sending everyone
Stop fucking blitzing.
"Lamar is playing bad, but don't like this OLine isn't dog shit. Defense can't generate pressure either."
We just blitzed 8. And still didn't get to him. And lucky he didn't catch that
What the hell is going on. I can only hope that any fans that could have been there have started burning their couches by now.
I'm so pissed
This is going to be a loooooong week ho boy
Goodness gracious. Please stop blitzing
Anybody watching the Stanley Cup?
thank god
"Congratulations offense, you got a few more yards all half then your 3rd round rookie got in one play"
This the titans game 2.0 abandon the run got nervous just shit the bed
At least our kicker is still better
We look lost. Complete mismatch
At least we can clearly see Tucker is the GOAT
"can we just fucking blitz 3 contain, spy on him? i feel like that has to be better than this shit"
Well at least we can be confident that Tucker >>>>> Butker 100000 times over
Pass rush is a huge disappointment this year
Disgusting first half from the offense good lord
Also how bad must Cleveland be lol
At least Tucker is winning the battle of the kickers?
kicker battle won
Better show the fuck up in the 2nd half
"Should walk around the locker room at half, slapping each player in the face to wake up"
the only thing we're winning today is the fact we have a better kicker
"Better to have a meltdown game sooner than later.   The second half will be very telling of what kind of team we are.   I don't even need a win at this point, but I need to see heart."
Why tf we calling timeout with 5 seconds left?
Yea let’s drop every fucking ball in big games
lol nobody can catch... what a fucking abysmal first half
Wow. That drop says it all. Shitty pass. Shitty play call. Shitty catch attempt. Drop.
"Even if we go into the half, come out the gate and score. The defense still has to pull it's head out of its ass and do their job."
embarrassed for the team rn
"Can't even catch a garbage time 8 yard completion.  One of those nights, damn!"
I hate everything
Bahaha is andrews for real?
STOP DROPPING FUCKING PASSES. I SWEAR TO GOD
KEEP DROPPING THE PASSES ANDREWS
Harbaugh better go into that locker room and let them have it. Knock some sense into them
"what a pathetic way to end the half

this team is sad right now"
"our pass rush is just complete ass, and no secondary is good enough to keep mahomes contained without a pass rush. Offensively we can’t get anything going, missed blocks, missed throws, and running backs can’t find any room."
"Welp the Ravens have all the pressure on their shoulders they could possibly have in this game


Time to see what we're made of."
"I believe in Lamar, becoming MVP in his first year starting is a million times harder than coming back tonight!"
If you told me our only td by halftime is on special teams I’d have bet my house you were wrong
Horrible clock management.. bad defensive show not to be a fair weather fan but I might go play ps4 lol
"this is how the team loses

it's the same way every time"
Yeahhh guys I'm not feeling so great right now
Oh fuck off Schefter
Offense is way too simple and outside Marlon the defense just isn’t good enough
So is this what it feels like to be a Browns fan?
I made Ed Reed laugh so that's a plus.
"This is so incredibly saddening. I’m a fan that lives in TX, and hardly ever get to catch a game live unless prime time or an off chance 12/3:25 game. Spent all last week getting hype just to watch this bullshit"
I’ll never understand how we use the same blueprint against good teams and see it go horribly wrong then do it again and then be shocked we got our asses handed to us
"Honestly, Roman and Lamar need to be the only ones sitting at the podium if they lose this. They need to fucking answer to why they shit the bed."
And the fuvking chiefs will get the ball ugh
"Even though im pissed im glad this wake up call came early in the season.

The one thing this generation of Ravens is that they drink the kool aid and come to games sleepwalking and thinking it will come handed to them"
"Assuming we lose, lord knows it’ll light a spark on this team"
"Alright boys, let’s come out in the second half and make he Chiefs look like the Falcons"
"""And Kansas City can do anything they want"" oh man i felt that and it does not feel good"
"No pass rush

No secondary

No offense"
Patrick Queen is looking like a real rookie today
"Super bowl contenders don’t ever put up 3 offensive points in a half, let alone give up 27. This is atrocious. Trash half."
How is that a horse collar?!
Fuck this ref and his car battery
We are getting double penetrated fucked in the ass by both the refs and the chiefs
THAT IS AN AWFU CALL MY GOD
"The theme of the game: we cant do shit, but when we do, the refs bail them out"
That call is number 1 bullshit!
Wow they’re just playing with us
FINALLY
Hell yes
Ravens ball  let's fucking go
FINALLY THAT'S WHAT WE NEEDED
"Finally, something good happened lol"
Thank fuck we needed that turnover
"Come on, let’s get a little momentum going now!"
Wow. We needed that.
Make it a long drive!
MOTHER IS THAT HOPE I SEE
NOW is the time to prove we can step up. NOW is when we need to prove to ourselves we can turn games around.
Man had we put up a couple of 3s those last few drives this would be big. Lamar better come out with FIRE
Can we atleast score ? I’m tired of seeing Mahomes torch us atleast make it close I’m tired of losing to these guys
Why do we abandon the run in big games when its working?
I’ll take a 10 yard completion atp
come back to me za'darius
What is this play call?
Stop with the fucking screens they never work with this shit O-Line
What the fuck ronnie?
I know there are other reasons why we’re behind but holy shit..How are these penalties so one sided?
"Defensive holding, yet no call. Again..."
No one is on the right page tonight. DID THEY EVEN PRACTICE!!! IT'S PISSING ME OFF!!
WTH is with these screens?!
Wtf is Stanley doing? This team is so lost
Let’s throw another screen! FUCK you
Roman gtfo man. You suck
"when did we hire Marty as our OC again...tired of these PA check downs, we need to establish the run before we can do that"
"I cannot believe after that 1st half, the 1st offensive play they do is a screen lmao"
3rd and 1 just run the fucking ball
I can’t believe the Ravens were so heavily favored
Wtf??
"#RAVENS BEST DEFENSE TN: Butker's right leg

Seriously flock we gotta step TF up"
Are we sure the Chiefs don’t just straight up have an open line to all our offensive coms? This defense isn’t that good. Jesus Christ.
Can’t even snap the fucking ball
holy fuck
Lamar looks very human tn...
"Wtf is ""illegal snap"" as a penalty?"
Wait... there's more than 4 downs if you get past that little yellow line?
Catches for a 1st down then runs backwards...
Fucking brown needs to lay out for that catch
Honest and serious question: why is Hollywood always moving backwards with the ball in his hands? Did he do it in college too?
am i the only one that remebers you can dive for a catch or is that just mp juice man?
It’s time to get fuck a hot pocket drunk
GUSBUS!
Need to see Lamar become a leader and take this game into his own hands and make something happen.
ESPN loves putting together shitty broadcast teams.
did that guy just punch Gus?
"This game has shades of Flacco era games.

Except Jackson has the running speed to make up for his receivers/tight ends forgetting how to play football"
Our Edwards is good too
"Keep this run game going, thats how we claw back. RUN IT DOWN THEIR THROATS"
Run the bussssss
Where was this game
WHERE WAS THIS PLAY CALL THE FIRST HALF
Notice how when the Chiefs play well is constant praise While when we do well it’s crickets?
WTF is Andrews doing!?!??!??!??
"CATCH THE FUCKING BALL ANDREWS, JESUS"
"Oh, Andrews decided to fucking have one of those games where he can't catch the fucking ball. Go home."
Andrews is completely shitting the bed tonight
Mark Andrews has to catch those
Andrews can’t fucking catch COVID today.
Andrews can't catch anything tonight
"Love you Mark, but come on. That's a little tough but still."
Mark Andrews has been terrible omg
Andrews are you fucking out of your mind
Suddenly mark can’t catch
ANDREWS THAT WAS A GIMMIE
"3 drops, come on man 

Are we cursed tonight?"
Come on mark. Holy shit
I lime how mark makes amazing bull shit no way catches then drops shit like thaf
now you kick it
uh huh that’s Ravens football right there
and the penalty kills us again
The one thing that never changes
So we have two fieldgoals and a special teams TD. Fucking embarrassment.
How many carries Ingram has so far ? 6
"Yo Andrews, https://youtu.be/m5RtlpXsl8k"
"Great momentum gone. At this point, go for it on 4th. We can’t rely on this defence. Should have gone for it."
Whats the drop count for tonight?
"It’s like the universe is against us 

Nothing is going right for us"
"This is weak, give up football. Exactly the opposite of Raven football. Terrible"
"2 possession game baby







For the next 1:41 til patty drops another dime"
catch the fucking ball you god damn bums
I've never seen the recievers play this badly holy fuck
"I love Andrews to death but I really don’t want to see him get a target the rest of the game , he has maybe 3/4 drops? Ride Dobbins and Ingram"
It’s like they literally didn’t learn from the titans game ...
"This should’ve been a TD. We were driving here! Normally Andrews catches balls like that, easy. And then the false start"
"Andrews has had games like this before... Sometimes he just can't catch anything. It's feeling like those frustrating days where when a top receiver went down or had a bad day, they didn't have anyone else to go to, then it was checkdown city"
Holy fuck this is frustrating
Maybe the narrative should be Andrews can’t win big games. Jesus Christ dude
Any time Andrews starts dropping elementary passes I could catch you know it’s gonna be a looooooong day
Let’s get Mark Andrews to a sports psychologist. Somethings wrong
Remember when we were marching on them the first drive of the game and then we threw 2 screens to kill our momentum? Pepperidge Farms remembers. This game is on Roman
we need a defensive TD. let's get this going somehow.
Throwback to last year when Andrews dropped like 5 passes against the Seahawks smh
Defense has to do *something* here
Well it was nice thinking we’d win the Super Bowl past two weeks. Team can’t keep melting down anytime they face elite teams man :(
On a positive note JT has been excellent as usual
"Okay, we need 5 more turnovers for 5 more drives to stall out in FG range..."
I’m sorry guys but Andrews is not a top 3 TE like everyone here claims. The best TEs in the league don’t drop nearly as many passes as he does.
chief's kingdom is such a stupid name. Just call it the Chiefdom
Defense is rested...hoping they got it down now
"yes! lets keep blitzing, hasn't worked this far"
Nice 4th down stop
God I love Big baby.
DON'T DO THIS. DON'T GIVE ME HOPE.
#finally some decent D
Whoaaaa finally that is a Ravens D line play
Good stop! Let's go offense!
The Chiefs are handing us a score so please offense like Nike JUST DO IT
Coolcoolcoolcool. Now’s the damn time!
THERE IT IS
"""we need 1/2 yard, let's give the ball to our worst skill position player""

LOVE IT"
LET'S FUCKIN GO
LETS FUCKING GO
Our defense is begging our offense to do something man.
LETS FUCKING GGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OFFENSE NEEDS TO SEND A MESSAGE. Defense stepped up you have to answer now
Run D showed up
Just as good as a TO.  Cmon O!
Now run the fucking ball
Get a damn TD!!! Lets get this fucking game
*incoherent drunk noises*
need a touchdown before this quarter ends
Let's make this a game ravens
Hollywood Brown 50 yard bomb incoming 💣
If they run a QB sneak there they convert. Thank fuck for Reid being unwilling to risk it after Mahomes' freak injury on a sneak last year.
How bout some urgency?
GUS new rb1 lol
It’s almost like we should’ve ran the ball with Gus more
THE BUS IS ROLLING
gus needs to be our 1 and not Ingram plain and simple
Gus Edwards is sexy.
GUS BUSS
RUN DA DAMN PILL!!
POUND DA ROCK
Comeback time?
#FEED THE BUS
Let’s go boys - get your mta passes cause the bus is comin
Go Ravens! Our AFC brothers are coming back.
Why was the clock running?
"i love ingram but gus/dobbins should be getting more touches

absolutely gus should be the main runner between the line"
"One thing I will say whenever we're doing badly I've never thought ""Let's give the ball to Gus less""."
If we had Jaleel Scott here we’d be winning :(
"So things start working out when we run again huh, who would have thought?"
I hope we retain gus and let Ingram walk. I love Ingram but this needs to be a dobbins/edwards backfield
This is my first MNF watch of the season.. this announcing team is TERRIBLE. Its as if they didn't watch any of yesterday's games to talk about them. Just so generic.
#BIG BOYLE NO LIL BOYLE
OMG I thought it was picked!
Nick Boyle is the best TE on this team
#LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
BOYYYYYLLLLLEEEEEE
Nice catch Todd Heap.
Boyle > Andrews
Nick fucking Boyle catches that????
"This is why the clocks didn’t stop 

“Whenever a runner goes out of bounds on a play from scrimmage, the game clock is started when an official spots the ball at the inbounds spot, and the Referee gives the signal to start the game clock, except that the clock will start on the snap:

after a change of possession

after the two-minute warning of the first half

inside the last five minutes of the second half”"
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO NICK BOYLE
Friendship ended with Mark Andrews. Nick Boyle new best frand
"Man, Boyle with better hands than Andrews tonight!"
NICCCCKKKKKKKK thank god
#BOYLEING THEM ALIVE
Offense is back!!!!!
Boyle > Andrews (jk)
One. Score. Game.
"ITS ON NOW, BOYS! ITS FUCKING ON!"
Let's fuckin go man!! We aren't dead yet
Still a long way to go but NEVER SAY NEVER BABY
There's our incredibly reliable pass-catching tight end *checks notes* Nick Boyle?
"Ayo I'm shitting right now but did I hear our supposed ""blocking"" tight end catch a td?"
"LETS GOOOOOOOOOO

TOOOOOOUCHDOWNNNNN RAAAAAAVENNNSSSS MOTHERFUCKERS"
BOYLE FUCKING LOYAL BOIS
BOYLE >>> MANDREWS
"Andrews, that's how you fucking catch the ball"
This is definitely a cursed game if Boyle is catching a td
LET'S FUCKING GO
how come we've never started gus?
defense PLEASE get the stop here
"I swear, my eyes don't believe we're only down 7"
I said before the half we were gonna make the Chiefs look like the Falcons. Still holding hope
"Another dime from Lamar, someone just decided to catch a god damn ball for once this game."
lmao half of y'all just hopped back online. Welcome back!
"Sorry Andrews, Boyle is my new best friend"
I watched my college team erase a 15 point deficit in 3 minutes on Saturday. This game is far from over. Let's get a defensive stop and tie this
I like Boyle more than Andrews now. I don’t care if I’m overreacting.
Run it. Run it. Run it again. Then run it once more. RUN IT
I'm already out of nails. I'm so nervous
"We got a game. It wouldn't be the ravens if we ain't get over hyped, then nervous, then furious, then hopeful.."
We need Humphrey to punch the ball out of the chiefs hands so we can score another
"Gus the Bus literally is the KC Kryptonite, go watch the last two matchups. FEED THE BUS"
"Please, either a Campbell deflection INT, Humphrey karate chop forced fumble, or a Marcus Peters sixth sense INT"
Having our crowd here would be so great. Once we get momentum we get so loud and our D play so much better especially for night games.
We need a pick
Can that ball guy be put on the roster? Dude hasn't dropped a single kick
Judon if there’s ever a time to show up it’s now
"Mahomes INT coming, I can feel it."
Patrick Queen benched lol
Judon is fucking useless
Why are we still blitzing lmfaooooo
Chiefs just have so many damn weapons.
Love how helaire keeps getting stuffed
i don't hate the blitzing. i hate the loose coverage.
Blitz or not it doesn't fucking matter because the secondary is also shitting the bed.
That was an idiotic blitz
STOP SAYING EEL-AIR MY EARS ARE BLEEDING
"Damn, even when the defense gets to Mahomes, he still makes the completion; just unreal and otherworldly."
This dude is going to throw for 400 yards
Our pass rush is so shit bruh
"Good coverage by Averett, that's a new one."
This is like playing on All Madden JFC
Is Mahomes using Invisalign instead of a mouth guard?
"mahomes is legit, aint nothing you can do with this guy. gotta keep him off the field"
Don't blitz
Ffs
Judon tripped on his way to the blitz lmfao
Lol even though the blitz never gets near him let’s keep doing it
Too easy man.
We need to hold this to a fg. Even that pushes us into a bad spot but we can’t let them get a TD
That’s game
Defense has been abused on these blitzes and we are still calling them
Why arent we creative with Hollywood the way they are with Hill. My god. He’s mind fucking us more than anything. Smh
How did Judon even get the franchise tag? Bye bye
Defense is awful. Fucking chargers held these dudes to 20 points in regulation.
need to hold to a FG
Where the fuck is our press coverage?
Just handing them first downs. Can't wait to hear everyone suck off Mahomes all week
Yeah Queen is out of the game
Is it me or did they just bench Patrick Queen?!
still can’t believe there was no contain on that run either someone fucked up or wink is on drugs
Please hold them to a FG.
I’m honestly convinced EDC is going to trade for a pass rusher soon. We don’t get over the hump without one
Why is someone wide open every single play
Jesus Christ what a fucking hold
The defense got a huge reality check tonight. Guys better work their fucking asses off in practice.
#STOP BLITZING IT'S NOT WORKING HOLY SHIT WHAT ARE WE DOING
"Well what Pass Rushers are available lmao, fucking kill me"
Stop fucking blitzing jesus Christ
"I think the only thing I can say good about Judon is that he does get off the jump really fast, sadly he's trash in that he can't get to the QB."
Sigh. I'm so over the Chiefs. The Ravens beat themselves
Mahomes mom confirmed karen
Yeah now we are just getting clowned on.
"Honestly, at that point just let Watkins score. Would've saved time."
Anyone who’s into college football know of some decent pass rushers?
"Not that it matters because Judon has been invisible all year, but Mitchell Schwartz is arguably the best right tackle in football. Guys incredible"
"its just getting simple how they are beating us, they bait the blitz then get something sneaky"
Man it must suck to be Malik Harrison right now. Although it also sucks to be all of us.
Holds???? No. We need a fucking pass rusher or two
How many points/potential points are off the board due to dropped passes
"Just when you think the AFC is open bc the Patriots let go of Brady, we get these guys..."
"Andy got bored of dialing up TDs to receivers it seems, and I guess giving the FB that TD wasn’t quite enough to scratch the itch of shitfuckerry"
Someone tell me again why Judon was tagged?
There wasn’t a single positive in this entire game outside of Duv’s return TD
we didn’t address pass rush well enough this off-season
"So we lose the meme war, right? This is embarrassing."
NO WEAPON FORGED AGAINST US SHALL PROSPER
Another drop oh my fucking god
suggestion: Just fucking try onside kicking every time after we score. Regardless of the field position we cannot stop them. May as well have them score quicker.
Can duvernay be the primary target. He catches balls right? I heard he did that alot
Seems like runs by lamar and gus are literally the only thing working today
Even the refs are like HERE DAMN
Ooof Lamar has Hollywood on a TD there
"That’s another miss TD by Lamar.

I love him. But he’s no Russ or Mahomes when it comes to accuracy on semi deep passes. His passing is no where near elite still."
Lamar running for his life while mahomes just jogs 10 yards untouched
Another awful throw on what wouldve been a TD.
Thqts 2 dropped ints. Qnd that's 2 missed TDs
Did the feed just skip that entire play?
"This announcer that isn't Louis Riddick is insufferably smug

I literally get annoyed listening to him say anything"
"those field goals instead of touchdown on first drive and andrews drop really hurts right now

really does"
Where the fuck was this the first half
This o line is trash
Since when can Andrews catch?
PASS PROTECTION AND PASS RUSH. **we need it damnit**
Our lines are fucking pants. Fucking traffic cones.
Ballgame?
Not a great game for Ronnie Stanley...
Big yikes
Our o-line is like an automatic door
Welp. There it is.
Fuck welp GG boys onto next week
Well boys thats a gg catch ya next time
I’m gonna go drink some soap brb
That was the dumbest play I've ever seen from Jackson. Mind-numbingly bad.
Whelp can’t watch sports talk for another week.
How do you come to a game this unprepared to throw against the blitz if you’re Lamar? He seems completely disengaged.
"you know how they say the Texans beat everyone they’re supposed to but nothing else? well, we beat everyone we’re supposed to, and then some, except for the fucking Chiefs. they make up almost all of our regular season losses under Lamar."
Damn. This is embarrassing. This game was hyped for being a close game. And we end up being obliterated. Flash back to Titan game.
Watch out for the mahomes trolls
On to the next one boys. I’m turning it off tonight
Good night friends! I hope tomorrow is better for us all
"Big takeaways that hopefully our coaches can use the rest of the season to get under control: blitz all the time isn’t the answer, have our DBs check at the line, don’t go a at from your bread and butter for a whole half of football."
Don’t think you can win MVP when you throw for sub 100 yards on a big stage
At least we won the gif battle!
pull a madden and trade for nelson from the colts for a bag of peanuts and a 7th rounder
Career high 197 yards against the blitz. God damn
How is it not evident to Roman that we’re a run first offense? We had the most rushing yards by a team in history last year!! How is he that much of a bozo
Before the season everyone talking about how mich we about to pay stanley i havent seen a good game from him yet this year
Vegas loving the under hitting
The only booming hit I saw was Hump Smashing Hardman. These fuckers are not smacking anyone to set the tone
"Never lose hope 

Our coaches will adjust"
Well at least we got the loss out of the way
We could trade Judon and get something out of him
Well that was one of the shittiest performances I've seen by Lamar to date. Hopefully that a fluke
If we lose to Washington we will really be trying to mirror 2019!
Well..... I dunno what to say.
I just needed the ravens defense to not let mahomes get 40 points...... Unreal
"Thank god we have President Drumpf

Joe Biden will eat our children"
wE dOnT neED cLowNey 🤡
Hey Guys.  I have faith in our boys but this game is looking \*yikes\*.
"Things I learned and that were reinforced watching the first half:

1.) Andy Reid is an amazing playcaller

2.) Our pass rush is dogshit

3.) Lamar and Co. can’t come back from behind 

4.) Greg Roman is a fucking hack who abandons the run way to goddamn early

5.) Tucker is and will always be the GOAT 

6.) Andrews will keep dropping passes if they are trailing

7.) Snead and Co. are not the move for WR.

It’s been a shit night, gonna stop calling it now before I lose any and all hope for a playoff win after this shit show of a game. If we come back...what am I saying we ain’t coming back especially when Chiefs have the ball to start the half."
"Guys look on the bright side, we've been dominated in the Titans game and are getting blown out here. In all our other games we've barely even trailed.

If our team is ever going to do anything in the playoffs, they're going to have to learn to play from behind or learn to adapt to different play styles. This is one game, but it's an entire half where we will have to throw a shit ton. Good, because we have almost zero experience doing that.

Remember when our team was actually clutch in the playoffs? We played from behind, ahead, and in all types of fucked scenarios before. We threw a shit ton in the playoffs but we also had experience winning in New England with like 9 Flacco passes too. 

Winning this game is obviously better, but this loss should hurt us relatively less than a normal loss would if we actually learn something from it."
[deleted]
didn’t he run out of bounds? why did the lock run?
[deleted]
Jackson can’t emotionally handle these games yet. He needs to get this shit settled down.
these announcers are the biggest dick eaters.
"Well, this confirms that we choke in big games. Honestly feels like a coaching issue"
FAIRWEATHER FANS OUT 👉👉👉
That was as embarrassing quarter as I've seen in a while tbh.
Fuck Donald Trump get this shit commercial off my tv
"Ref ball, predicted that..."
"they marched down the field with no resistance, defense is in for a long night playing like this"
LOL BUTKER V TUCKER ADVANTAGE TUCKER
BeSt KiCkEr In FoOtBaLl
Lol butker
That’s on Judon. You can’t let him scramble
"Listen. I’m annoyed as anyone but everyone knows when you play the chiefs you play the refs. Overcome it, you can do it Ravens."
This is bull shit.  We gotta tighten up
gonna be a long night
Dude our defense is getting exposed
LMFAOOOOO. God damn Reid and Bienemy are so good.
I fucking hate Andy Reid so much
"You guys have to relax. It’s early. 

But yes, we do need to respond quickly before this gets out of hand."
Take ur politics and shove it up ur ass.  That shit has no place in this thread
That looked very close to perfectly timed.
"????????????????????

That's not offside"
Refs are really missing some blatant holds here.
I honestly think the Chiefs are just this good.
How was Williams not held there? Like wtf his pads AND arms are in the air
"That was DEFINITELY a clean sack play lmao -signed, this chiefs fan"
There's still plenty of game left and we're only down ten. We're still in it
EVERYONE GET IN HERE THEY CALLED A PENALTY ON THE CHIEFS
I'm so suck of Matt Judon. He's absolutely useless.
Andrews with another drop.  I'm missing Hurst right now.
"Jesus Christ. Lamar couldn't even hit one guy running a wide open fucking slant right there. Andrews drops one for no reason.

This team deserves all criticism. Soft as a baby in big games."
"Every time I wear my Lamar Jackson shirt we get blown out 

Last time I wore it on game day was the Titans game"
I'd rather have our flaws all pointed out early in the season and have time to fix it rather than have it be too late in a critical game.
"“Getting embarrassed so early will make us better for the rest of the season!” 


Yeah just like how getting embarrassed in the playoffs made us better for this season"
"There’s some type of mental barrier we need to
overcome, the chiefs ain’t even like that"
Can the announcers fit any more KC Cock in their throats?
Offense finally gets rolling and and it ends with one of our many brain dead olineman getting a flag costing us yards gotta move it
My name is Mark Andrews and I drop the ball.
"GET OFF THE FIELD. GET OFF THE FIELD.

DAMN RIGHT"
In the name of the fucking God why did we stop the running game
Can someone smarter than me explain why the clock didn’t stop there when Lamar went OB?
I’m just getting my hopes up for them to be fucked again aren’t i?
This team is still going 12-4 but I feel absolute shit about this team headed into the playoffs
YKNOW WHAT I WANT CACTUS JACK TO SEND A BULLET IN MY FUCKIN BRAIN
Eric Fisher catches better than Mark Andrews 😂
Harbs and staff can't outcoach Reid and gang.
Considering this isn’t even a true home game I’m not mad. Instead of laying down we fought back and the game is not even over yet. We can still win this
"look the chiefs are the team to beat and we clearly aren’t there, we have at least 13 games to get there."
"It’s all good fellow flock members. Yeah, we got handled, but we’ll regroup and bounce back."
Outcoached.
"Bad coaching, bad defense and bad offense. Just terrible all around"
Fuck the gif wars. Always thought they were corny.
"aight can we get #RiggedRefs trending on twitter, these calls are such bs"
maybe Lamar can throw passes for more than 3 yards  now?
this commercial is atrocious
We needed a game like this so that all you bandwagoners can jump ship.
Look I know this game has been a nightmare and I don't want to overreact but this L really makes the rest of the season pointless. They could go 15-1 and I'm just not convinced they can get past the mental hurdle of *here we go again* ... this sucks
Fuck andrews you don’t got the swagger of kelce don’t ever try to one hand snag shit again tryna make Lamar look bad
we all gotta give it to KC that they're an amazing team currently that got even stronger in this years's draft
"Feel really bad for Washington, this team is gonna be playing angry next werk"
Y'all are a bunch of babies. We'll get through this loss and figure what we need to do for the playoffs.
Guarantee Lamar comes alive with 5 minutes to go in the 4th quarter and everyone here talks about how he actually did good.
I see why earl was fighting them
I think we’re frauds guys
Fuck all y’all negative ass fucks.
I’m more excited to see us play defense honestly
SUCH A FUCKING SOFT CALL
think it's stupid that a 5-yard penalty is an auto first
"Well, they just walked all over us. Hope the offense is ready to play from behind."
Romo where ya at?
Take that Tony Romo
"Defense is not putting any pressure on Pat mahomes , We need dlineman"
BOW TO THE GOAT BUTKER
Everyone already bitching per usual
Thats the worst call I’ve seen this week and I watched like 7 games. lol
This team is way off their game tonight. Ravens gonna get crushed of this doesn’t settle down.
Lmao y'all are so dumb we obviously stopped running because we were averaging a PALTRY 10 yards per carry. Obviously the god king Greg Roman knows best
"Embarrassing.

The world laughs."
"Defense just looks so confused, we are really missing young"
Lol Andy Reid is clowning in the Ravens
Outcoached simple as that
This trump commercial is vom
I mean damn this offense is looking Flacco esque
This game is 100% on Greg Roman. What a clown he is in these games.
That wasn’t offsides at all. Fuck these refs dude
I saw a blatant hold there...
So are the refs going to call one fucking holding call on the chiefs or what!?? It’s fucking bullshit. They’re holding our D on the line!!!
Lamar looking like a rookie. Yikes. This could get uglier then its already been.
Some of y’all bandwagon fans are serious bitches
Why does Lamar play like ass against this team. Their defense is trash
this is hard to watch my god pick it up boys
"Hey maybe we’ll be in BAL again next year with fans. Oh who am I kidding, we’ll be back in KC"
We've been undressed and assfucked on MNF. Without lube.
We can't stop them its gonna be 41 after they get the ball at half
I’ve never been so embarrassed by a Ravens game before.
"No pass rush on defense, no pass protection on offense"
"8 seconds left, throw it underneath. 🙄"
Butker is no 🐐
I believe in football terms this is called an asswhooping
"if there's a time to get reminded how hard you have to grind for everything in the NFL, it's now. Win the half, play hard and get some good tape. We WILL play KC twice this year if we are as good as we think we are. It's important to push and remain intense. Shit happens, good teams don't just win forever until the superbowl."
"start throwing the ball and the drive stalls dead

wild"
"Worst performance I've seen in recent memory.

Mark is looking pathetic."
"FAIRWEATHER FANS THIS WAY ↪️↪️↪️↪️↪️↪️↪️↪️↪️


BIRD UP, WELCOME TO THE WORST SHOW ON TELEVISION"
FEED HIM
Why would Chuck Clark lineup that far away from his assignment?
JUDON IS A FUCKING WASTE
I swear I can’t wait for Judon to walk. Never does jack shit in games that matter
Blame of the game: DEFENSE.
they're really not playing that bad right now we just shot ourselves in the foot with the early mishaps. it is what it is but it feels bad man.
Mahomes and Reid just trolling this mindless Ravens defense
Andy Reid knows exactly what he is doing. Egregiously targeting our rookie Lbs. Their inexperience is glaring. It got our first round pick benched. But here we sit with $16m in cap unwilling to spend and admit we have problems
Unfortunately Lamar is on the shortest leash in the league. The very rare bad game is always used as ammo
Such a limp dick performance
EDC watching this and thinking about which superstar he wants to acquire for a 5th rounder
Those last 3 plays were all on Lamar. Dropping back 15 yards sets your tackles up for failure. Didn’t step up the pocket
Lamar might finish this game without even having 100 passing yards....
I’m so disappointed in this team what a joke of a performance
"Judon was not offside. Refball leads to a TD, love it 😍"
Why do people get upset when we call out the team for playing like shit ?
Somewhere Earl Thomas is laughing.
One bad game doesn't mean anything for our season. That doesn't change that this has been miserable.
"Why do we never see the coaching staff getting in anyone's ass during the games. We see Harbaugh get pissed at refs but no one ever lays into the players for the shitty performances.

I'm tired of the ""eh it was just a bad game we will learn from it and get better, excuse, no go fucking get mad and act upset and show it."
[deleted]
Tough loss but damn y’all sound too negative
**97 yards**
The Chiefs' play style is our worst matchup in the league. Whether that's an issue of personnel or coaching is not something I feel like thinking about right now...
"We played like utter dogshit on both sides of the ball.

On the bright side, we played like utter dogshit on both sides of the ball because there is no bright side."
Hot take: our defense is gonna look more impressive than our offense tonight
Got the bubble guts
WHY DOES ESPN CONTINUALLY SEARCH FOR CRYSTAL DEF. MY STREAM IS CONSTANTLY BUFFERING. CANCER
Makes me happy to see they all predict a ravens win
These car analogies are weird
"Hot takes: 

peters gets a pick six

dobbins goes for 100

lamar throws 4 tds 

ravens win by 13"
Ngl. Nervous but hoping for a good game
"Just because I find this... weird. We get a lot of video of Mahomes talking, but almost none of Lamar. What’s up with that 🧐"
"Why am I giddy with butterflys?  Its like a first date!  
What are you doing to me Lamar?"
Screw Faker Mayfield
"I don’t care how much we win by, I hope we just pull out the W and make a statement that this team is for real and this team is the team to beat , we will shut a lot of mouths if we can pull this out."
38-24 Ravens let’s get it!!
Man I’m so nervous haven’t been this nervous since the titans game just week 3 and the season feels like it’s going to end tonight if we lose... yes I’m reaching let’s just get this dub man
Any fans of other teams here that actually want us to win lol
Let's fucking go!!!!!
Let’s GoOoOoOoO!!!!!
We may not be the best team in the league. But I guarantee we have the best locker room in the league
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
"I just hope the Flock doesn't freak out here, whatever happens tonight, remember we're playing the Super Bowl champs"
HERE WE GO
Let's gooooo. I'm turning off reddit for this game.. see ya folks on the other side
Why didn’t they go with a Paul Rudd vs Edgar Allen Poe graphic?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
"Alright everyone, just remember. I'm talking to the sub, it's going to be a long game. 60 minutes, it won't stop your but clenching. But at least try to keep it in the back of your mind."
DOPE
What a play
Love the option there
Big boiiii
Lamar Jackson is *elite*
NO LITTLE BOIS
A 5 minute running drive to the 7 this is why the titans gsme pissed me off we could have run back into it.
Roman can we throw past the first down??
cmon
Stupid play
Go for it.
"Oh hey, get 50 yrds rushing but decide to pass now? Wtf?"
Nah we should have gone for it
Surprised we didn’t go for it
They literally executed play to perfection it just wasn’t the play there
Letting Tucker assert his dominance
Greg Roman getting way too god damn cute again
Hate that playcall bro
Why the fuck didn’t we run
"Bad play call, he was running up the LOS, no chance we were getting a first"
You go to the end zone there if you're throwing.
If ever there was a time to go for it. I guess we're conservative tonight?
"What is that route? You need 3 yards, throw it 3 yards downfield, not to the line of scrimmage. Argh"
Let's get this thing back.   Don't even let them passed the 50
"Big Truss.

Woo Woo."
"Run the ball on 3rd and 3, you either get the 1st, or its 4th and short.  FGs arent going to do it today."
gaining crazy yards running it every play but we pass on 2nd and 3 and 3rd and 3 i dont fucking get it. You cant get down there and not score a TD against the Chiefs
"That was a good drive, but we were running all over them. I can’t help but think if we just run something inside or off tackle we get those 3 yards"
Bullshit call
Not calling any holding on the Chiefs it seems.
I saw holding Refs...
"fuck me, Campbell looks like one mountain of a fucking Frankenstein...I love him"
Just a hair too late. I don’t care MP you stay on it like that.
We’re they yelling “Go Titans” a couple plays ago?
Fucking embarrassing.
BEST KICKER LOL
It’s gonna be a real long ass game if that’s what the D has got in it
Hahahaha
"Crafty pick by Edwards Helaire there. Fuckin bastard lol. It's alright, we'll fix it"
Well. Looks like the O gotta step it up
LMAOOOOOOOOOO
Butker sucks butt
Elliot already getting picked on man.
Ravens win by 1. Calling it now!
Best kicker in the nfl my ass
Trade Judon for a real pass rusher please
We been struggling to get pressure all year. Seriously should have made a stronger push for Clowney
Come on Lamar let’s get a score this drive
Who's the GOAT kicker?
Duvernay is so electric
wtf Refs...
"We good. That Tyreek run was inches away from being blown up and they can stop our run. 

It really can't be stressed enough how much of a difference empty stadiums make. There is basically zero home field advantage this season"
Could’ve just said nothing lol
I’m here to watch the players not y’all REFS
"""We couldn't justify the flag to stop a good Ravens play this time, so I guess we'll have to give them a fair chance"" -refs"
FUCKING FLAGS
um fucking WHAT!
God dn it and we can't even bullshit chant this cunt
These fucking refs. They’re gonna be the difference in the game.
That’s a block
FUCK THAT
Andy paying these refs well I see
How is that not taunting?
Holy shit what a weak fucking tripping call
"Ah, so it's a flag fest. Jesus."
already shenanigans against posterboy mahomes and the cheifs
BS ref call #1
i forgot we were watching hockey... who’s going to the box this time for that tripping?
"What a dumb penalty call, especially given how consequential the result is"
This was painful to watch
We look so bad.
How many fumbles so far?
Sad Raven noises
fuck man that flag fucked everything
Defense needs to put their big boy pants on.
MichaelScottNopeDontLikeThat.gif
Someone was breaking wide open to the left post but our line died.
We need to figure this shit out. Can't afford to fall behind big against this team
yikes
"Still made about that tripping. Oh well, just gotta get a stop"
Let’s just delete bubble screen out of the playbook
Biggest difference in this game will be Chiefs getting pressure with 4 and we haven’t been able to for years
New game plan. Run every play
There were 9 tripping calls in the NFL last season. We have the 1st currently
Man I do believe this could be a good game but I swear these refs will ruin that experience.
"NBC crew is kind of boring. This doesn't feel like primetime

Edit. Espn"
We got playoff Roman. Gonna be bad if they stick with this.
John Parry can fuck off
I’ve never seen the a team get away with holds as much as the chiefs
Wrap tf up Deshon
I've been excited for this all week
Refs are bitching up a storm
Ran like 60 yrds first drive then stop near the goal. Stop in the 2nd drive. And now defense just wants to get pushed by a rookie back... why can't we just beat the breaks off them cleanly😅
holy shit our D is weak tn
Oof
One day we’ll beat Mahomes
we cant keep blitzing against mahomes
JESUS just fucking stop them. This is embarrassing.
HUMPHREYYY!!!! What a hit
We are down 3 points stop freaking out
Marlon ain't playing!
LEARN TO FUCKING TACKLE!!
They can’t stop them...
They are just bitch slapping us lol
"No way you could predict it but Tavon Young being so injury prone is really, really hurting us."
This team isn’t reading at all. No eye discipline against a team known for all this misdirection shit
They’re outsmarting our defense
Defense is trying to strip the football everytime
Another first down. Wonderful. They’re giving us the business
Bowser has been great Judon has been a bum who would have guessed
Bowser and Humphrey the only ones fucking trying apparently.
FINISH THE FUCKING TACKLE
This is so god damn frustrating.
"Why can none of our rushers finish, like that was basically tackling"
Well we’re about to see if we can come back 10 points.
Is are defense just giving? up come on!!
what is this shit we have zero defense STEP THE FUCK UP GUYS
CAN WE FUCKING TACKLE???
Can anyone tackle a QB on this team? How many whiffed sacks do we have this season so far?
I swear our OLBs are allergic to sacks.
chiefs playcalling is elite
Imagine how good our team would be if we had any talent on the edge.
Another penalty.
JFC
thank you
Damn wish he picked that off.
I fucking hate defensive sets that leave WRs uncovered on the line!! Especially a track team like the Chiefs for fuck sake why just why ...
Embarrassing ....
If they get this first down...
Cmon D.  Gotta get off the field here
lol how can we be this unprepared to play tonight
thank god they decided to run the ball
"Good news is, at this moment, the score is super close. So, we can respond. Let's do it"
Cmon D.
Nobody is completing their tackles tonight
the score is 6-3. I know we don’t look so hot but it’s literally just a 3 point game. it’s not going to be cakewalks every week. Relax.
"*wins 14 straight regular season games, have won a super bowl in the last decade and consistent playoff team down three to the defending champs and favorites to repeat*
“Wow this is bullshit, how dare we be down”"
BOWSER SUCKS
Pass rush is a fucking joke
Peters getting torched.
"Why are people calling for the 2019 Assistant Coach Of The Year, who led an historic offense in a 14-2 team, to be fired because we only scored 3 in the 1st quarter against the Super Bowl Champions?"
Rushing 6 and no one on mahomes
This is where you need a real pass rusher. Simply untouched.
this is just sad
Run D has been solid enough.
Of course they would
Defense might get 1 stop tonight
Yikes 5head play call
The rookie is getting picked on tonight
"They look like us, usually.  

Hey, when we come at the king, we best not miss."
pass rush has got to get better
Shit. I think we just got stunted on.
Absolutely need a TD here.
Literally have to run just to give the defense a break. Roman needs to calm his tits
this is in lamars hands now
They’re gonna pull that out during a week 3 regular season game? Okay
Who would have thought it would take just one made up penalty would suck the life out of the team.
Really starting to get worried that the Chiefs gonna be the reincarnation of the Manning Colts for us - that one team that always wrecks us no matter what we do.
IT AINT ENOUGH
Mahomes won't even have to wash his jersey after this game.
Thank god Scott beat Sheila Dixon in the primary. Hopefully we finally get a mayor who doesn't go to jail lol
"The bogus tripping penalty was huge. That being said, Reid’s play calling has been on point"
JACOBY JONES IS PLAYING TONIGHT?! OH SHIT
WAIT IS THAT LEGAL?
LET THE KID PLAY
Bro wtf
Duvernay let's GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
FUCK YEAHHHHHH DUVERNAY!!!!!
HOLY SHIT
TO THE HOUSE. OHHHHH SHIT 🔥
Devin duvernay is my dad
Lets goooooo we actually have a returner this yeaaar
Is this our new Jacoby Jones?
Holy fuck no fucking way
That's what I'm talking about! Light a match and start that fire!
Lets Fucking Gooooo!!!
Let's fucking go.
Yeah we really needed that
"Bitchhhhh 

Let’s get in"
Jacoby Jones flashbacks
Beautiful kick return TD!!
Is that response fast enough?
I'm shocked there was no bs block in the back flag
Y’all stop your fucking crying now
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LEYTSSS GOOOOOO!
OH MY FREAKING GOD DUVERNAY!!!!!! MAMA THERE GOES THAT MAN!
#DUUUUUVERNAY
Lets go!!!!!
And just like that boys A SPARKKKKK
Holy fucking shit boys
I'M ERECT
Harbs went to half mast on that KRTD.
"That was good for the scoreboard, horrible for our defense"
"Big play Devin, way to step up"
We have a returner!
It feels amazing to have a great returner haven’t had that in forever.  Bless Duv he’s been amazing as a rookie.
What the Raven's were missing last year was a return game!
LETS GOOO
OUT TO ALLEN BANGGGGGGGG
"Defense not doing shit, offense getting fucked on be penalties duck it special teams can win it for is"
DEFENSE PLEASE FEED OFF THIS ENERGY
Defense has to be gassed tho
"Well, that helps! D needed more rest though."
THATS WHAT I MEANT BY FAST
You gotta be down to see who your real ones are (just like against the Titans.) Duvernay is a Raven for real.
Now defense- get the hell back out there!!
TOUCHDOWN RAVENS!!!!!
"Wowowowowowowowowwoowwwowoo

#WOWWWWWWWP"
"Fuck, now I have to watch Mahomes again. But good job."
"Duv is legit, but I'm still mad at Judon"
The spark we needed
[deleted]
93 MOTHERFUCKING YARDS!!
I love how everyone 2 minutes ago was saying the game is over
Fast
Tucker showing Butker how to kick PATs
Justin Kicker
Justin Kicker
Let’s fuckin goooooooooo
This is why we don't give up yet boys!!!! LETS GOOO
"YOU FRICCIN MORONS. YOU JUST GOT...

DUVER NAE NAED!!!!"
JUSTIN FUCKING KICKER
"It's official, change his name to Justin Kicker"
"Every time I see Zach Orr, I want him to suit up lol. Dude is only 28 years old"
Only downside (and I’ll take it) is that the defense got no rest.
Defense is gonna be tired but its time for a stop
Justin kicker seals it
"Some of you loser already gave up 

Truzz the fucking coach and the team"
Our defense is gonna die
"Poor defense, they barely had a rest lmao"
"LESSGO, Kyler Murray’s cousin!"
"Plz don’t suck, defense."
ILL DRINK TO THAT
Lmaooooo we made out like bandits this draft
"May as well change his name to Justin kicker, he is the official icon of kicking"
"Fuck yeah buds, still need to be on alert with pass rush"
"Duvernay. Is. A. Playmaker.

Get him the ball more."
#WAKE TF UP DEFENSE SO WE CAN BEAT THESE CLOWNS
"Feeling better. 
If we can keep them to three or less on this posession I will feel even better."
"the abysmal period of returning after jacoby is over??? pls be the answer for real, duv"
"J U S T I N ""Kicker"" K I C K E R"
Tucker blasted that kickoff. I love that man
The defense needs to get some swagger
"Looks like we're finally snapping out of it and starting to focus, thank god for Duvernay for saving this game"
"First step to redemption on D, boys"
BIG MAC IN THE HOUSE!
Cmon defense one more stop...
"They need to keep Devin duvernay and marquis brown on the field at the same time. Snead is slow. Mb, boykins and duvernay will add so much explosivesness on the field,  at the same time opening the run Game and deep ball."
I want Derek Wolfe to make a play
3rd down stop right here bros!
Good stop D
"We got Jacoby on the last leg of his career.

Duv is a fucking ROOKIE"
Finally a third down stop
THANK YOU
YEA D
we just got a Madden bailout and it looks like we just got our energy back
Big stop!
I was waiting for a BS flag tbh lmao
Get some D! HERE WE GO!
Much better disguise this drive
Defense did it's job. Offense needs to come back with some fire now.
NO FLAGS
STOPPED! WHEW!!!
Thank you!!!
WE GOT A STOP
God please no fake punt
Anyone remember last week everyone saying we need to get rid of duvernay on returns? What are they saying now
Not bad proche
I smell a Marlon scoop incoming
wow a stop!
Here we go!!
Need a nice long drive man
Great stop
"Ah man you guys have Wolfe, forgot about that. That dude gave great interviews. I hated losing him, but the biggest thing that he brought was rapport with Von Miller, so I'm actually more sanguine about losing him now."
"Holy shit! Defense, you did it!"
Thank you Mr. Duverynay
Let see this offense cook
"“Go down” - the D, probably"
WHAT? A STOP?
A stop on 3rd down? Let's go
"Time to turn this game around. 

Momentum has shifted."
I hope they fucking run the ball
"Come on offense, dont let yourself get outplayed by your rookie 😂"
I get the run game but we gotta get lamar into rhythm at some point.
Ozzie!
Ozzie
"Yeah, Ozzie!"
Time to run it down their throat.. don't get cute G Ro
Love you Ozzie
IN OZZIE WE TRUST(ED) WOOOO
"Ozzie Newsome: HOF player, HOF GM"
The Wizard
"Pls curb stomp the qweefs, - 49ers fan"
Where is Handrews when you need him.
What the fuck are these play calls
Short pass plays prior to the 1st down marker? What the hell is this the Flacco offense?
Hating the play calling
RUN. THE. BALL.
Yes let’s all run 3 run crossing routes on third and 6. Fuck you
Tired of these short throws on third down.
our offence is kinda fucking us right now
"Led with the helmet, left his feet..."
Run 👏🏾 The 👏🏾 Ball 👏🏾
Run the fucking ball
"Drops, bad calls, have the football gods just decided we can’t beat Mahomes"
"Bullied them the whole first possession running the ball, havent ran since lmao Greg freezing up against good teams again"
Chiefs fan here. I’m frustrated for you guys that you aren’t running.
is roman asking madden or some shit?
"Aaaaaand another 3 and out, jesus... Momentum killer right there. Whats the point on having so many running backs and not using them at all?"
Defense gonna get gassed real quick
Lamar slinging that rock smh just have to catch that rock to 😩
"Ok offense is struggling, so Lamar is gonna have to use his legs more"
I JUST SAID RUN THE BALL WTF
Feels like the Chiefs offense has been on the field the entire first half
This feels like the Tennessee game man. Lamar isn’t playing bad but everyone is just dropping the fucking ball
"Yeah its not like running the ball worked on the first drive, lets just never run it again."
"Greg, I thought you were a RUN FIRST OC? Please don't become Marty 2.0..."
"\*Alexa play ""I'm Upset"" by Drake"
"Roman is shitting himself. At this point its on Harbaugh. Run the fucking ball. How are we not running the ball once in a drive??

This is upsetting."
playoffs andrews showing up tonight?
Why are we not pounding the fucking rock come on Roman!!!
Get back to running the ball
"Ravens need to calm down, pound the rock.  You beat Mahomes by keeping the ball away from him not trying to outscore him"
This team puts too much extra pressure on themselves during big games. Lamar needs to learn to start adjusting plays at LOS because Roman's BS is what lost us the playoff game last time and is losing us this one.
"STOP FUCKING GETTING CUTE GREG ROMAN, RUN IT DOWN BRUHH"
STOP GOING FOR THE BALL AND TACKLE!
Tackling is so fucking soft
"The best running team in football going against one of the worst running defenses in football and they stopped running it after the first drive. Yeah, that's Greg Roman"
In the playoff game we ran the ball like 13 times. Are they really that dumb? I don't understand.
Damn I’m gonna cop an X Chair looks comfy as fuck
Kelce already with 64 yards.  Going to end up with 120+
Stop playing fucking zone
No pressure just means 10+ yard plays every down
We are going to lose unless this playcalling balances out
"Roman is going to gas our defense if this keeps up. Lamar for the most part looks sharp, but the calls are situationally weird."
“Ran over Chuck Clark” how many times are we gonna hear that this season?
Defense needs to step it up.
Like 8 yards a rush the first few drives and we just stopped. Did we learn nothing? It’s still the first half ffs not like it’s the 4th
What’s with this soft defense
So we need to draft edge top 2 picks.
We are playing scared man
"Wow, what do you know? They press the receivers and Mahomes has to hold the ball and then bail.

Imagine?"
wonder where those first downs came from... certainly not from running the ball... hmmm
7 passing yards... Man that just sucks
Play press-man! They need to bump these damn WRs and TEs.
Of course they convert. Here comes another 6
"Just like the Titans game, we are down by 3 and completely give up on the run against a terrible rush def..."
Dude why do our defenders freeze whenever they see a lane to the person with the ball
Said it before and I will say it again. You cannot win games giving up 4-5 yards a play
"They had Wolfe's jersey! Unreal.

Refs all over the Chiefs dicks, per usual."
TACKLE THE FUCKER
Holding just isn’t being called in the NFL this year
Outside of the first drive we have not looked good tonight
We’re gonna have to rely on special teams arent we?
We rush 5 instead of 3 there we get the sack... This defense ain't gonna suffice to get through the playoffs.
Every time with the Chiefs and titans. Unreal our coaches can't get us prepared or recognize the issues
blatant holding going unnoticed of course
Safeties playing 30 yards deep is letting Mahomes pick us apart. lol
The only way Judon gets pressure
$20 mil
Calais Campbell giving some haloti ngata playmaker vibes
"Judon earning that money, and by that money, I mean no money"
Fuck Judon man he doesn't do shit but get coverage sacks
Thank God we didnt sign Judon long term. Dude sucks ass.
Can we end the Matthew Judon experiment please?
Fucking holding on Campbell
lol
Nice hold on the center there
Totally not living up to the hype. Ravens falling flat.
we can't be losing at halftime fuck
"Man... Can't call a hold, but call a pretty good timed jump..."
FUCK
WHY CAN'T WE STOP THIS FUCKING TEAM JFC
I swear if we go for another 3 consecutive pass plays...
I wonder if roman knows they can just run the ball and sustain drives
"Roman: ""Don't worry, guys! Let's come out passing!"""
Hold
can we run please
We will probably abandon the running game as we always do when we start losing.
Man... our passing game needs to get going. Gotta target boykin + Duvernay (if he gets in the game) because they are loading up on andrews+brown
Seems like the chiefs are our new kryptonite we just can’t get it done
Can we just call the whole “they won’t call holding every play” I like the way it’s worked out for the chiefs.
Hey Greg how about a run play this drive? Maybe two if we’re lucky?
"Run.
The.
Fucking.
Ball."
We're gonna win on god
"3 runs and if it’s a 3 and out, so be it"
I understand the premise behind people who want to run the ball in these kind of games. But at some point you need to see Lamar throw the ball 40 times and win a high pressure game. Ultimately that is what wins in the NFL now a days not running the ball and defense.
RUN IT EVERY DOWN
"The only reason we're in this game right now is because of special teams. I'm sure I'll get downvoted for saying it, but it's true. Offense has looked like shit, mainly due to playcalling but dropped passes aren't helping. Defense looks like shit both in playcalling and execution. We need something on this next drive and we need halftime to come quick because we need serious adjustments, our defense couldn't stop a nosebleed right now."
We love throwing boots back to the line of scrimmage huh?
What the fuck is this play calling????
"Baltimore ""Pass the Ball To the LoS"" Ravens"
This D is selling out on the run and still getting coverage done.
"ah

so you call holding on them now"
Okay NOW a holding call
Lamar has 89 open but under threw him.
"Play calling is garbage, but it also doesn’t help that no one can catch a damn thing."
"I swear, the crowd noises they're pumping in are like a KC home game"
Wow the Chiefs have our number. Right now we just need to survive to the half.
STOP DOING THAT
We got fans cheering the chiefs at home wtf
Jackson is off tonight
My god our offense cant do anything
Man we're in that mode where we can't do anything right
It seems like nothing is breaking our way tonight.
*sigh*
Ugh. On Monday Night Football too.
Everyone us getting the blame of the game lol.
Of all the weeks for offense and defense to play like total shit.n
We punt well.
"We’re not playing to our level right now 

Shit is frustrating"
That’s basically how this fucking game is going we’re running into our fucking self
Offense looks like hot garbage
Lamar looks absolutely awful today. He needs to get his head right.
Turnover here would be huge
Our D is gettin sooo tired
Offense can't do anything tonight. Zero energy whatsoever. Our best play is by a rookie...
Our offense can’t seem to do a damn thing.
That first can’t come fast enough
Less than 20 yards passing and run game has been stopped since the first drive basically. The chiefs are incredible but we handing them this one
Wolf looks like he's 50
Nobody is making plays. Simple as that. Duvernay single handedly keeping this from being a halftime blowout
We just a team full of chokers I guess idk anymore.
"Pass protection and Edge D are our weaknesses. Need RG and OLB. I've been fucking saying this for years, it's retarded how obvious it is and our team doesn't fix it"
"Of course you take a shot on 2&1, that's analytics, not ""just me"""
Our offensive play calling is so retarded
We’re folding like a lawn chair.
Fuck all of this *gesticulates wildly*
Defense play decently challenge
I’m not having fun right now
"Can't tackle lol. Make have to take a half hour break from this shit. We look so sorry out there, doesn't even look like half the team is trying"
"""Eeeeelaire"""
These canned in stadium cheers are starting to piss me off
Ravens are averaging 8 yards a carry...
"Hopefully, the right halftime adjustments will get us back in this game."
you can't get coverage sacks without eventually getting to the quarterback
I can take losing a good game but this shit is embarrassing. Defense getting handled. Offense looks like like shit. this is tennessee all over again. They better wake the fuck up at halftime.
"When a team like the Chiefs works over your favorite team, you shouldn't be that upset. 

Honestly, they have the QB1 in the NFL, and a top 3-5 HC.

But, Jesus Fuck. At some point, the Ravens need to take a leap and beat this fucking team!"
"Playcalling sucks, Lamar is frazzled, and Mahomes is Mahomes. That’s why we’re losing"
Mahomes missed yikes It’s bad I’m so happy about that
WHAT THE FUCK
We all know how good Lamar’s two minute offense is! 👀🔥
"See you guys for the playoffs. 





Maybe"
you have to be fucking kidding me
Fuck this shit
Defense? Never heard of it.
Defense is straight up sleeping
"This is the kind of game that would have been useful to have played sometime in 2019 before the playoff game. Eventually you are going to have to play from behind. 

Settle the offense, and play our game. Who cares what the defense does. Just settle and let our offense find a rhythm."
lmao
I saw the future return td
LOL WIDE OPEN
Game
STOP BLITZING MARLON
This game is probably over lmao.
I don’t care what you guys think. Elliot fucking sucks
"there it is, it's about to get ugly folks"
"It’s not over, but it’s going to take Lamar going Ultra Instinct in the 2nd half to win this."
"LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL.

I'm dying inside."
Way to come up small AGAIN Baltimore
I would not be opposed to trading a future first for a premium pass rusher
"This is what happens when you give up on the run, and give the ball directly back to an elite offense."
So... is earl thomas ready to come back or...
Here comes a 3 and out. Total of 4 passing yards on the drive
Butker is dancing with the devil on these xp's.
What was Elliott doing...
Bruh we blitz our best corner to get near sacks. we’re sacrificing coverage because of it and we’re still going to it welp idk about you boys but I for one know what kinda season it will be if we can’t generate pressure and fix our communication
Guess its safe to say the run game is GONE. lol
"It's unfortunate that when we get KC at home in primetime, we dont have any kind of home-field advantage because we have no crowd. Its whack."
IDGAF JUST IMPROVE BEFORE THE PLAYOFFS
Deshon still a liability 10 min later
peters has blown coverage 4 times
I remember last week when I said elliot was gonna get us fucked by the chiefs and got downvoted
Thank you Earl Thomas you fucking psycho
Kicking a field goal on that first drive set the tone.
if we dont do anything this drive im calling it
Please keep dobbins in I beg you
Man I hope for a TD before half.
"""Mahomes is eating the blitz alive""

Wink: ""Guess that means I'm not Blitzing enough"""
[deleted]
Defense nonexistent
"Pathetic, its over"
"I wouldn't be so pissed if we didn't look so fuckin pathetic on offense. If it needs to be a shootout, then fuck it shoot it out. But we can't even get yards"
"I'm glad we got smoked, we needed an ego check"
Lol this is actually kind of funny now
"So our pass rush is so bad, that we need to have our All-Pro corner blitzing on 3rd and 14. When I saw that I knew it was a tuddy immediately"
(っ˘̩╭╮˘̩)っ
holy shit. we're so trash tn
ARE YPU FUCKING WITB ME
Good luck fucking next holy shit I’m done
GG. Goodnight.
This is fucking pathetic
"I was hoping that was incomplete, but it's definitely a fumble :("
Nah. Nah. LOL NO
At least he didn't get hurt.
"Okay, yeah this is a nightmare."
"I went back and watched that offside again. Judon moved before the ball was snapped, but he wasn't across the line and you see the ball move. I think it was timed perfectly and not the right call."
Was his arm not going forwards? I swear it looked like it in that replay
I gotta take a walk to cool off man
RIP ME ANOTHER PENIS HOLE!
35-10 here we come
If they score a touchdown im turning this off
Is this a shit show yet?
Lmao
This games over
There we go. Imagine if Mahomes gets another TD here LOL
This is... impossible... how is this happening? I cannot believe it
The Ravens are looking more like the Eagles
Wtf is judon doing
Great. Give mahomes another chance at a  TD
"LOL @ JUDON

You big soft fucking sissy."
"Judon you loser lol, bring him down"
Well this fucking blows. I was hoping for at least a close game. But nope. Everyone has to play like shit today.
it's getting ugly
Punched in da mouf
Fucking hell oline. I'm so ashamed of my team's effort today. Every single motherfucker aside from Calais Campbell has been awful.
how the fuck is that not a hold on Judon
"Seriously what's wrong with the core, they haven't been able to show up in a big game when it counts :("
"At least it’s the Chiefs shredding us early this year, not the Browns."
"""Mahomes getting a tug on his shoulder"" explains the defense planbook tonight"
Bring him down Judon you fucking pussy
Judon is hot garbage. Should've traded him when he actually had value
Thanks for ruining the rest of my week Roman
"I don’t get why no timeout during that last drive. Had 3 with a minute left, can take a minute to think through some plays ?"
Stop blitzing him. It hasn’t worked
"these are the people I would like to thank so far:

thanks for reading my list"
Maybe our offense is only sucking because Jordan Ta'amu is a practice god
We ain’t winning shit this year or any year sadly
Mahomes has a limp
Every throw he makes is perfect lol how
I like the ravens
What happened to Marquise Brown?
Why didn’t we trade for yannick?
Hey but we have buttfucker at least
“Better than Tucker” btw
butker is actually cheeks
Do we really have the best corner duo in the nfl? Does it matter anyway???? Nope.
God bless Butker for saving us the embarrassment
ay remember when peyton manning tore us a new asshole in 2012??
Tucker is the king.
lol. fuck your kc kicker
Idiots on here told me Elliot would be better than Thomas lmao
At least Justin is smiling
JUSTIN KICKER MAKES THAT EASILY
BELEE
Well at least we know tucker is in butkers head
Let's look on the bright side guys: They could have 31!
"YOOOOO, NOW WE CALL A TO?!?!?!"
Lol 35 yards
What is happening! This is some seriously terrible game management!
Dropped one for the road
Wtf andrews
Truly a shameful display by the entire team.
Lmao wtf is happening
WAKE THE FUCK UUUUUUPPPP
"Last year week 3 we were down 17 also, we nearly came back, just gotta hope for a complete shift of focus at half"
bruh what the hell were those two plays lmao
Can someone on offense make a play? My God.
"Where's my Mark ""Butterfingers"" Andrews meme from last year?"
its not unfamiliar against KC.
Lmfaoooo. This is why I low key didn’t wanna trade Hurst. Andrews has games where he drops everything so it would be nice to have a legit backup TE option
That was worse than anything else I’ve seen all night. Wide open miss on first with no pressure and no DB even close then an uncontested drop. Mental midgets.
35 passing yards. Not good
What in the fuck was that last two plays. You just have to laugh at this point
Our team has a huge mental block for the Chiefs and the playoffs. It's so weird.
"if it wasn't for special teams, we'd be down by a lot more than 17 🙃"
"I let the talking heads convince me all week that our defense is perfectly suited to stop the Chiefs offense, what a bunch of idiots, myself included."
"fuck me, that was a pathetic half of football"
"We’re losing. 

We don’t look good. 

And now we have to listen to Booger McFarland. 

THIS IS THE WORST!"
"Drops shit throws and bad defense. When we lose, we fucking LOSE BAD."
#What are you gentlemen drinking tonight?
AYO DO THEY NEED NEW HANDS?
Trying to remain positive....But Schefter is such a penis
D-line is nonexistent
Please god can we move to zone coverage with delayed blitzes or a spy. I swear Wink just thinks he can attack everyone without using his head. They are too fast to play man coverage and Mahomes is money against the blitz. Being outcoached.
So Andy Reid is an offensive genius you have to give home credit. Only way the Chiefs come down to earth is the offseason tbh. The money isn’t gonna be there
Why do they keep doing this shit?
"i think this one is out of hand, but i really hope the ravens can show some fight in this second half. i think adding a veteran like calais campbell can help us do that."
We usually bounce back after ugly losses. I think we'll go somewhere in the playoffs as long as we get shit on just like this sometime later in the regular season 🙄.
first half is the definition of a bruh moment
Honest question- 10 more years of prime Brady or 10 years of prime Mahomes?
Defense going to need a couple turnovers to have a shot here
Man I don't want Mahomes to get it back to start the half lol
Only hope I have to stay awake for 2nd half is that they basically played a perfect first half and we played the worst 1st half I remember in a long time. I hope OC/DC can make adjustments. We have been embarrassed. Lucky that fans aren't there or they would be booing and walking out. What a kick in the mouth!
Another good comp for this game is 2014 Steelers. We could not stop Ben at all
Just signed Wink up for Keeps.com so he can keep the fucking ball out the end zone
This is going to be a great narrative for our Super Bowl season recap.
I'm gonna just say that this Mahomes guy is pretty good at playing football.
Well we are going to get rocked probably go 15-1 and then get bounced in the divisional round by some 8-8 9-7 team like the fucking raiders
Queen is having a shocker
LOOK! It’s JUDON... still doing nothing.
Throw the flag cuz he limps?
???????
SINCE WHEN
That's not even close to a fucking horsecollar
Another bad call
#HOLY SHIT ENOUGH WITH THESE BULLSHIT CALLS
Haha the refs are so fucking transparent
"A lot of us looking like shit is definitely in us playing like shit, but it doesn’t help that Mahomes is really fucking good"
Need to stop wearing black on white
This game has been horrible to watch.
Ref ball baby
Now they are just simply disrespecting us.
"yo find his fuckin' hood and what car he drives, imma throw a fucking flag in that pussy stripes coffee tomorrow AM"
# BURN. IT. ALL. TO. THE. GROUND.
We need that
Maybe Lamar can come out there and maybe complete a pass now
"100 years of experience with the refs btw, looks more like peewee football refs"
No one is even covering anymore lmao
"Cant even blame the refs, but they haven’t been great"
Huge
We need every break.
So Thompson is done.
Need 7 here if we want to make this a game.
"Time for some points, down by three scores so nothing wrong with a field goal"
What the hell play calling is this
So fucking cute
Is roman drunk?
Yea it’s ok to critique the team for their bad play but there’s no point screaming that the season is over when it’s literally week 3
I know peters not playing well but god Elliot has been bad
Did you really draft Dobbins to JUST be in on third downs?! WTF
"They don't even look like they're awake, holy shit"
We need to go faster. Chiefs ain’t done scoring
DIVE FOR IT!!! OMG!!!
Marquise still fighting
Damn so close man
"In 1,353,859 other universes, Lamar lost the ball there or Hollywood gave up the first down. 😂"
Got to keep pushing those plays. We need a big play.
Why did Hollywood not lay out for that ball
Let's GOOOO JACKSON!!!
WTF is up with Brown
Let's get on the board
"Lamar is so fast, I'm swooning 🥰"
Nobody is fucking open and its pissing me off because Lamar is getting blamed. Smh
Thank you for reading my Reddit comments Greg Roman.
A wild Gus appears
deep penetration LFG
The Gus Bus never breaks down
Its like we are a team built to run the ball....
Lol now is not the time to be taunting Gus 😂😂
"See, when Gus Edwards runs the ball things go well. Why did it take the Ravens so long to figure this out"
"Wait, we ran. That’s illegal."
Nice I was fooled there!
"This is our strength.

Don't stray from it."
Wow look we are moving the ball while running it
No joke I’m a PGH fan (but went to grad school in Baltimore) and just popped in to see what you guys were feeling and the upvote and downvote icons are truly hilarious.
[deleted]
We're finishing this drive with 7
"Guess they should've run it more earlier in the game when it mattered more, huh"
Triple team Andrews and our passing game becomes an utter joke.
why did we not do this after the opening drive?!?!
Let’s fucking go. Run it down their throats
"THIS. THIS. THIS. Even if we still lose kinda big, having to pick ourselves up off the mat against a good team is * invaluable * for this team. 

We didn’t have to do it a single time in 2019 before the Titans game and it killed us."
Ingram has been looking slow all year. I love the guy but I think it's time he gets passed on the depth chart.
Andrews what the effin hell
Andrews can’t catch a cold tonight
"This is just like the playoffs. Drops everywhere.

Pathetic."
every game we lay an egg is when mandrews leaves his hands at home. there is a correlation there.
"#FUCKING CATCH IT COME ON!!!

You had it, just hold onto it...FFS andrews"
Damn what's wrong with Andrews today?
How about our receivers catch a fucking ball
https://youtu.be/m5RtlpXsl8k
Get andrews the fuck out of the stadium.
Mandrews couldn’t catch COVID if he wanted to.
What the fuck is Andrews problem?
Killing us Andrews
No excuse for that drop.
"What is happening to Andrews? Its not physical, It’s in his head"
"Mannn, normally that’s a catch for him"
CAN SOMEONE GET MARK A NEW SET OF GLOVES HOLY FUCK
Mark fucking embarrassing himself on national tv
Love Andrews but he drops more passes than any good TE I’ve seen
I miss Hurst
That needs to be caught. No excuse.
Hurst catches that.
We needed that catch man
Fucking add Andrews to the table of people that need to answer to having an awful game.
FUCK THAT FALSE START COME ON FUCK
Lmao andrews cost us so big this game.
"practice this week needs to be blocking, pass rush and mandrews catching the ball 1000000 times"
These penalties killing us
FUCK
"It's one of these games. I feel like we did a lot of overthinking getting ready for this game.

We'll get 'em next week, folks."
One thing we can still count on.
Can we stop shooting ourselves in the foot?!!!
STILL FUCKING GOT IT
Special teams showed up. Calais Campbell showed up. Devin Duverney showed up. I think that’s it.
Tuck definitely fucks atleast
no one on offense came to play. no one on defense either
Dont forget Andy Reid is/was Harbaugh’s Sensei. Mental edge times 100.
Now keep running it. No matter what the Chiefs do.
I had a dream about this
At least automatuck is consistent
Shoulda kept hurst
Mark Andrews is as big of a big game choker as anyone on this team.
"Lamar looked a lot better on that drive, play call was good it honestly comes down to andrews dropped TD and that false start"
I miss Hayden Hurst.
The commentator need to get Lamars dick out of his mouth. Every little thing Lamar could have done this or that... Andrews and Brown are off today and Boykins is just out there running around
I'm so upset at mandrews
Nothing from McDonalds is ever going to be spicy enough to make me need napkins for my forehead.
The crazy thing is we’re halfway through the 3rd... is it just me or is this a really long game
"Unless they REALLY believe in Gus' pass blocking, he shouldn't be in the game at this point. You need someone with HR speed that can catch. 

Bring Gus in for short yardage, but on passing plays, he's next to useless."
So many drops. Feels like we signed Crabtree back on
Buck Allen would’ve caught that Andrews Drop
We usually score 30+ and Lamar doesn't even play in the 4th. We can win this but offense and defense need to play better
"This could so easily be a 21-27(31 if you give the chiefs their points), but instead bad play calls and drops lead us to having 13"
"Can we just give it to Duvernay, cuz he's the only one actually having a good night"
Time for another TO
At least next year we will have fans. 100 decibels makes a difference.
Dude the cushions in this zone are unreal
Defense is lost. Peters trying to get Queen somewhere last second no one in the middle of the field
"These blitzes haven’t worked, and aren’t gonna work tonight"
Can Hayden Hurst please come back?? We didn’t mean it man
What’s with all the o line penalties jeez
Giving 3 guys with 0 NFL starts significant playing time is fun lol.
"Their receivers just have so much space its ridiculous

why cant out receivers ever get that"
MP isn't getting a pick six when he's playing with a 15 yard cushion
it’s literally so unlike us to play so much zone
Having a rookie mlb is truly a double edged sword
Queen is lost out there
"Pre-snap our D looks so confused, this needs to be fixed"
At least we're not getting brigaded
Please have mercy and don’t go for it
4th down
😅😅 manning didn’t win a playoff win till his 4th year and MJ didn’t win a playoff series till he got Scottie lol man fml I’m just trynna be positive but it’s really hard rn
GREAT STOP DEFENSE
"Only Positive of this game, is that Tucker won the “Battle” of best Kicker."
Would be nice to have Carr and Thomas out there right now
Let’s turn this shit around boys
FINALLY
"Love the fire from 44. 

Let’s score here"
Alright it's TD time FFS.
Touchdown please
Oh fuck we held!! I hate this feeling of hope...!
Fort had a TD last week and now this he might be something
Let's fucking go!! Need to score here!!
THERE'S SOME DEFENSE
Needed that
It’s not over yet
Can’t even play man coverage
I love LJ Fort
"When in doubt, the Ravens defense has your back for 20 years and counting"
wow that's a break......stupid not to punt it deep there
WOW KC is coin flipping this game for no reason.
Wish the offense got their asses handed to em at halftime like the defense did apparently
That's why we got the big boys.
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!
TD on this drive. Let's fucking do this
People shitting all over the defense but since the half that’s a fumble recovery and a stop on 4th and 1. That’s how you shift momentum!
Offense basically needs to score a TD on every drive. Can they do it?
Come on offense. Get a TD PLEASE IM FUCKING BEGGING YOU I WANT MY ADRENALINE BACK
Greg Roman please do something
Pp hard
TD or bust
i honestly dont care if we lose this game i just hope this team can overcome their nerves in big games going forward
If we can't score a TD here our offense doesn't even belong in the same stadium as KC.
Good throw. Wanna see Boykin show up.
Get Duv and Dobbins involved
How do you get better in big games..... you play in big games!
STOP PUTTING ANDREWS OUT WIDE.
I miss lj fort- an eagles fan
Get Andrews more involved? Lol.
Can we please get some tempo! Am I crazy here? We need as many possessions as possible
God damn do I love the Gus Bus
#BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER GUS BUS COMIN THROUGH
GUS THE GOD DAMN BUS
#GUS THE BUS
"#GET

#ON

#THE MOTHERTUCKING BUS"
GET ON THE GUS BUS
"Run ball = good?

Roman shook"
Pound. This. Fucker. In.
ALL ABOARD THE GUS BUS
Keep fucking RUNNING
GUSSSSS
RUN THE DAM BALL
"Pound it in, let's go"
Get on the GUS BUS
GUS BUSSSSSS
Gus the Bus!
Gus just punishes dudes.
Gimme JK up the middle!
Run RUN RUN
RUN THE BALL WITH SOME GODDAM TEMPO
This is why I get so mad when roman forgets gus exists when teams have a lead. The guy ALWAYS delivers.
"Good showing by the offense here, but the urgency doesn't feel like it's where it needs to be."
FEED GUS
When the Ravens are about to come back from a 3 score deficit and have a come from behind victory with lamar for the first time ever [https://youtu.be/9al175InK1o](https://youtu.be/9al175InK1o?list=RD9al175InK1o)
B-B-BOYLE
mark andrews is really out here losing his job lol
Lmao Boyle brought the hands today
NICK FOCKIN BOYLE BABY
Oh a tight end who can catch!!
THERE WE GOOO
THANK GOD
BOYLE!!! (Andrews feeling some type of way right now)
ONE SCORE GAME MOTHER FUCKERS
BOYLE BABY
BIG DICK NICK!!!
"got a job to do. No celly, back to the whiteboards- love it"
We finally went to someone w/ hands.
BOYLE MOMENT
WE ARE FUCKING BACK
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO
Strong hands
WELL ATLEAST ONE TE CAN FUCKING CATCH
back in it COME ONNNNNN BOYS
they caught a pass!
“Doyle” for the TD
AHHHHHHHHH
that’s it I’m dropping Mandrews for Boyle in fantasy
Game on boys!!
GET THE FUCK IN BOYS WE CAN DO THIS
I swear if the defense falls asleep again...
"Yo I knew nick in college and believe it or not, his neck was bigger than it is now"
Cmon defense!! Give me one more!!
Now just for the defense to not shit the bed
Give more playing time to the backups. They want it
"C'mon Ravens, do us a solid and pull this off."
"I'm soooo freakin happy we finally turned a drive into a TD today. Will admit that I really didn't want Roman to call a pass there, but we got the tuddy so I can't be mad"
I LOVE THIS TEAM
Touchdown Ravens!!! I hope you come back and win this!
"It was always our plan to trail at the half, thus deepening Kansas City's eventual humiliation"
What do we have to do to get Mahomes to not just pull some voodoo shit here.
"14-7, lets go!"
We have 53 yards in the passing game lol. That's 1 throw for the chiefs.
"Queen and Peters need to get their shit together and Wink needs to fucking disguise coverage.

Let's go, get a stop!"
I want to feel hope ... but my mind is telling me to prepare for pain
Am I faded or did I hear some halo music in that army commercial lmao
Thank god for 4 points off the board from Butker.
"You'd think with all the improbable comebacks the past couple of weeks people would be more chill. 

Breathe.

Believe in the men !"
Need is a #44 forced TO
I miss Tavon :(
[me right now](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/JointPoliteHuia-size_restricted.gif)
They pull Queen?
Just a reminder that the Chiefs have the 27th ranked rushing defense going into this game.
Gimme a pick six mp
There’s always SOMEBODY OPEN it’s insane
Does any team in the league give up more 1st downs on 3rd than us?
I only see that happening to us
and another screen/short pass -\_\_\_-
And then the defense goes full ree mode again
"Yeah ""creative pressure"" is exactly what we need on the most important 3rd down of the fucking game..."
Why are we blitzing when it's generating ZERO pressure...
Stop getting cute and just get on your man. Goddamn
I feel a turnover on this drive. I sense it in the universe.
It’s about time for Judon to make a play. He needs to impact the game in some way
Why do the football gods hate us
"New fuck it, Tyrek is down there somewhere meme."
"I SWEAR TO GOD

GET A SACK"
So many near sacks.
Hahaha **JUDON IS SO BAD ** who here honestly thinks he's good? He's not. He has one move and sucks at it. Just look at 37yr old suggs and he's even better
Where the fuck is the zone coverage
moment of positivity because why not: averett has not been the reason we're losing.
DIABETTUS
Don’t give up the big play. Get this stop and we can tie
See how we made him overthrow there? Do that again
Bench Judon too. Fuck it.
WHY ARE WE DOING THE SAME SHIT OVER AND OVEE
Where the contain?
Hey no matter what happens at least we put up a fight and didn’t totally fold. Plus we could still win.
If we didn't blitz there would've been someone to tackle him.
"#HOLY CRAP PLEASE GET A STOP. 

It's over if we don't"
Oh my fucking god
Ugh you know you have to contain Mahomes.
Awful fucking blitz
Bad defense again. No contain whatsoever
How was that not illegal motion?
FUCK YOU JUDON FUCKING TERRIBLE
Yes blitz in the same gap holy shit you learn how to not do this in middle school football
I wish they’d just get rid of this “crowd noise.”
please stop fucking blitzing all its doing is removing a defender
"Defensive needs to make a play now. Sack, pick, something. Can't allow more than 3 points here."
Fucking STOP THEM PLEASE
FUCKING TACKLE HIM Come on
EEL-AIR COUNTER STARTING NOW: I
Defense full of frauds
Tyreek Hill is literally just faking our whole defense out without even touching the ball.
I feel a Turnover coming
"""So here's what KC will do, just run the clock down and run a play with less than 5 on the play clock""..

 immediately calla time out with over ten left"
"This is basically where I expected the game to be. One score hoping for a defensive stop late and a last minute drive. 

I didn’t expect a miracle would be needed to get it back to one score..."
"Remove judon and blitz queen, boom."
Our linebacker coverages has been lit upppppp
You just can't stop these dudes
And we done. Sucks when you spot the other team an entire half of football.
I love Judon but fuck... This man is not an elite pass rusher. He only has the bulrush
LMFAOOO
please stop having everyone open every play please
Wow. Fuck this.
Wow
Damn even the lineman get TD’s
That’s all I can do atp just laugh
"We have zero pass rush, what in the hell"
Ugh I hate fucking trick plays
Lol we all know they wouldn’t allow us to run that play
Next will be a 360 pass to the mascot for a td
Should’ve just gave it 4 mins ago if that’s how it was gonna be
"from the bottom of my heart i'm not being sarcastic, i want the offense to hold on every play. make them call it."
What a fucking joke
There was fucking no one even lined up on that side... What the fuck was Harrison doing not playing his zone
Lets get pitchforks and torches and find the people who wouldn't allow a sign and trade for Clowney
"That drive was so demoralizing, wink is just getting out classed and out secondary is getting toasted"
Fml if only Andrews caught that endzone ball. Fuckkkkk
Crazy to think we haven’t had a playoff win in almost 10 fucking  years
I expect probably one more touchdown. Play was obviously better in the 2nd but they gotta learn to start these big games faster and stop shooting themselves in the foot.
8 minutes to do something
Playing like ass but it's still a game.  Let's go O.
Probably a bad call there
Shit call again. What a terrible ref.
Not gonna like that’s a SHIT call
#thank you pity flag
Not a foul
The thing that really baffles me is that not a single player could get open or be schemed open. The whole game.
Lmao that was a bad call for them.
It's still not over... 1 score and one stop.
These are the best refs the NFL has to offer lmao?
Need to get Dobbins more involved.
Hopefully our recievers get yelled at after the game. They've gone soft
Good makeup for our nonexistent horse collar earlier. I'll take it.
"Bad pass from Lamar there, he had Hollywood for a TD if he lead him better"
Lamar come tf on dude. He had that dude smoked
if thats fucking holding on us im going apeshit
"Shit pass Lamar, come on"
Did he just say illegal face to the hands or am I tripping
Why did we have to do that fucking trash 2nd quarter? Why couldn’t we do this instead??
"just give us a chance to be in it at the end. i won't be satisfied, but i think it's important for morale."
we traded Hayden Hurst so we kind of need Dobbins to be on the field IMO.
Andrews not dropping?  What is this witchcraft?
Lamar....man wtf dude
Depressing and pathetic
Bonehead plays are the blame of the game tonight
What is this?
sure wish we could have those for us...
How about the elite KC defense? Ugh pathetic
"Where are our deep shots? If Lamar has made strides in passing, we haven’t seen a bigger play call since Week 1"
Interesting that KC blitzes work
I guess O-line is done for the night or?
Can’t do anything when 2 defenders run free
I know we keep saying run the ball but right now just pass the ball to fucking anyone
This is absolutley pathetic
jesus christ this oline
Who the fuck is blocking
I could be wrong but I’m pretty sure the Ravens were going the wrong way for a couple plays there
What even is that route? Hey could you gingerly just run forward and see what happens?
embarrassing
What the fuck
Turn it off
pass rush is teeing off
We don't deserve to comeback anyway. That drive right there shows that. Absolutely pathic showing tonight. Someone light a fire under these guys cause this is bad.
Lamar needs to get better with his throwing plain n simple.
It’s so dope that we destroy average and bad teams and then look fucking horrific against good teams in spots where it actually matters
that’s the game
Was Boykin even trying on that route?
JFC THROW THE BALL TO A PERSON
They’re gonna all have to look in the mirror after this one. Sloppy play
can yanda come back to teach this fucking line to block
Learning experience... All I can say. Everyone from the coaches down to the water boys...
"Sucks to lose like this on a big Monday night stage, but the team will learn from this and will bounce back. I'm hopeful for the remainder of the season."
"Nice illegal contact missed by that official there.  If that happens while Ravens on D, it’s illegal contact 10 times out of 10!"
If the o-line doesn’t block for Lamar he’s gone by week 5
Life is pain that is all
I'd say gg but was it?
I think a few absolute bullshit penalties early in the game really fucked everything up
"Wow, Dobbins only had 1 rushing attempt?"
The tackles looking bad. But Lamar looks like he dropping way back
"Mahomes with 197 passing yards and 3 TD’s against the blitz today, both are career highs."
At least we get to prove were the best team in the league by beating the washington football team next week. bleh
All around bad performance tonight. I knew Mahomes would play lights out but I did not expect our defense to look THAT bad and the offense to be THAT out of sync. Bad combo.
That sums up the night. Two dudes just abandoning Kelce
Turns out having a tackle who runs 5.9 isn’t a good idea for stopping outside pass rush
GG and goodnight
"To those replying, points on the board are better than giving the ball back to the team who’s been carving them up all god damn night"
Yo we can't tackle
That graphic... holy crap. It burns.
Well that was dissapointing
This announcing team can't get KC's collective cock out of their mouths. It's unreal.
We’re gonna get smoked boys
"Biden will raise your taxes, meanwhile Donald paid $750.

LOL imagine believing that BS"
Stop shutting on judon that wasn't even offside
“We don’t need Earl Thomas” a Ravens fan who doesn’t know football telling me how Deshon Elliot is good
How is that lamars fault you retards
Did Andrews forget his insulin?
"It's funny how quickly everyone forgets what this team used to look like with Flacco, when we struggled to even beat slightly above-average teams. Jackson has 1 bad game and everyone goes back to the same shit they said 2 years ago. Fucking grow up"
Some of you fucks are acting like big babies. The game is only half over. How many times have we as fans had to suffer through 4th quarter Flacco coming from behind to get the W?
Goddamn Edwards-Elaire NEVER gets tackled on the first try.
A lot of y’all are shitting on Judon but he’s being held damn near every play.
We are not good when the big lights are on. Straight crumble under pressure when facing good teams in playoff atmospheres. It's not even debatable at this point.
gg Chiefs. this team has a long way to go.
"Chiefs stopped us

JK LOL"
Slippery bois
Bullshit flag lmao
Flag looked pretty weak
Mp ain't trying to tackle again..
Judon is ass
Best kicker amirite /s
Judon just stopped his pursuit on that TD...
I wanna see harbs rip off the analytical glasses and get the neck vein popping!
Roman calling scared and refs fucking us. This is an L.
How do I get Mayfield off my television?
That was OPI. Full arm extension.
These plays are phenomenal
Our defense is trash. Change my mind
Where’s the guy who told me I’m not a fan cuz I’m frustrated? I want his permission to be frustrated now.
RUN THE DAMN BALL AND IF YOURE GONNA PASS LETS AIR IT OUT
That looked pretty clean to me
"I know nothing about the rules, even less nowadays but surely that's a hold on Wolfe and a blatant one at that."
he jumped sure but offsides? not quite the ball was moving by the time Judons foot crossed into the neutral zone
NOT OFFSIDES
"Jesus fuck, it's like this team has no idea how to play from behind."
"refs really want the chiefs to win this game. god forbid patty has to work for a win, fuck off man"
Is this when trolls from other teams start pooring in?
Guarantee we throw it non stop again next drive for no reason.
"Well, we sure aren't gonna run the ball now"
Roman is gonna make Lamar pass all night.
DONT FORGET GUYS THE QWEEFS ONLY WIN IF THEYRE LOSING IN THE SECOND
Damn LaMar is doing a check down Joe impression
"we need to pass the ball, but we need better passing plays"
It's gonna be 34-10 before we get the ball back
Roman is proving he can’t make a pass offense
This team just can't hang in big games for some reson
We play like dogs shit when it matters
"the fucking hold on 75 there too, it's getting boring to even watch"
Yeah this is exactly what I wanted to watch on my birthday
Ravens just not caring at all this game. Even the fake crowd too lazy to distinguish who to cheer for lol
Lamars looking like the anti-flacco in more ways than one. Flacco would be mediocre all year and then randomly show up in big games/playoffs and Lamar seems to do the exact opposite
We just dropped in the power rankings.
Good night boys.
"That's what a pass rush looks like, Ravens.

But hey, at least you're paying 17 million for Judon. Morons."
This team always ends in disaster when they have a big game.
Judon is so shit
"Serious question: considering pre-game expectations, is this the worst Ravens performance of all time? This sounds like an overreaction but I'm not sure that it is."
Lamar has been Flacco bad
"Where are all those folks earlier in the game barking about ""doomsdaying"" and ""you're not real fans if you're already freaking out""?

LMAO this shit has rolled downhill so predictably."
Post the post game thread you cowards
wE'Re bEtTeR wItHoUt eArL tHoMaS
RUN THE DAMN BALL. FAIRWEATHER FANS CAN LEAVE
"""best kicker in the league"" get the fuck out of my face with that"
"Lol fuck all y’all giving up already. It’s bad, but we have a chance.

JK...it’s Pat Mahomes."
"aight. not good. as tough as it gets to comeback from 

we still got lamar, john, a great defense (against other teams maybe) but we got to wake THE fuck up right now

honestly could've been more than 3 possessions"
I still belee
Lamar really having the worst game of his night against the best team in the nfl. Dudes getting the pressure get to his head
"not believing this is happening. 

Harbaugh is being schooled by Andy Reid

our o line is a joke we have no pass rush

lamar looks scared and completely undone

goddamn fucking shit"
I wanna be happy about this so bad but just watch as we go 3 and out. I bet you. Fuck man I hope I’m wrong but I think we all know in the back of our minds it’s very likely
14 point game is manageable. Just need to get out of our own heads
Can’t have drives of 7 minutes when we’re down like this just to end up with 3 points for fuck sake if I see anymore false starts I’m gonna blow my brains out
"The manager of the chuck e cheese has just informed me that my language is not ""family friendly"""
Gus will be our featured back very very soon
#POUND THE FUCKING ROCK
So naturally Ingram will get the ball the next 3 runs
FUCK FAIRWEATHER FANS WIN OR LOSE MY TEAM FIGHTS
Pick 6 incoming
I love how we’ve been getting torched and we’re down by 7. We’re gonna win this dont @me later
What a fucking dick tease this comeback could have been instead were just going to get roasted all week
Just a reminder that Justin fucking Herbert in his first game ever put up 300 yards on KC.
Chiefs acting like this is their super bowl with all these trick plays
Lol left tackle td. Embarrassing
a penalty on the chiefs??? that's illegal!!!
Seriously starting to build that Big Ben type hate towards Mahomes
Hahahaha what the fuck are we doing
Completely outclassed coaching wise and Lamar can’t stretch the field
"Lamar looked shaken there, Harbs should’ve called TO when Lamar was bitching about something before 2nd down"
Out coached and out played. Officially worried about this team in big games now we can’t ignore it anymore
Just do not show up in big games. Absolute panic after 4 drives. Repeat. This ideology needs to change man.
"Lamar looked average tonight. Sam Darnold average. Love Jackson to death but Mahomes outclassed him in every category, even running, tonight."
Frog voice
We’re frauds. Won’t be able to beat KC until we get a real pass rush
Why is this announcer riding the Chiefs dick
idgaf i still believe lamar is gonna win us a super bowl. he’ll figure it out the dude is insane
Some of y'all weren't here for the Boller era and it shows.  GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE IF YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO SUPPORT THE RAVENS DURING A BAD GAME.  I've felt worst during a game with Flacco under center.
"Good game all! Much respect.

From a Chiefs fan."
Stop calling yourself a raven fan if your a bigger critic of lamar then fans outside of the franchise I’m sick of it every time we’re losing here comes the kids from Dundalk with the hot racist I knew all along takes
There’s the end of the kicker debate
"I haven't watched the Ravens much....I really like how Harbaugh was jawboning that ref, not so sure it's helpful but it's cathartic."
These threads get so pissy so quick lol.
"90 seconds ago this sub: Crying about being down 1 score and talking sh1t the D.

...against the SB champs."
"Ravens and dropped passes, name a more iconic duo"
"If they score before half there's no shot we win. If we can't beat them at home I don't see how we're gonna beat them in the playoffs. New year, same shit."
Just love getting embarassed on national tv.
"Lamar needs to take over this game. 

No more overthrowing his receivers or rocketing short-yardage passes too hard. He needs to develop some touch on his balls. 

But even more importantly - step up to be the leader the team needs him to be."
Even if we lose you still got your ankles broken by lamar pussy ass chiefs
We needed Clowney
We're laughably bad in big game situations
He has zero time to pass. Offense in general looks bad.
"This is basically our week 1 lol, first game against a real team that actually exposed our issues so we can fix them"
This was a tough loss but we needed it. I am very upset but this is healthy.
"Respect to the chiefs. They ate us alive today. Shows the team they need to get to work.

* Fix the O line.
* Get better at defense. Stop blitzing on every down
* Make sure andrews works on his hands"
"Another big game, another no show by Lamar and Roman. The chiefs could barely sneak by the chargers, yet make the ravens look like the browns. Wrap it up fellas another one and done season incoming.

Edit. Yes I know the defense looks bad, the chiefs offense is elite and the ravens o can’t give the d any time to rest. Not excusing the play, just not nearly as disappointing"
It's probably too late to come back in this game but the bright side is that the Ravens' miscues are correctable. I'd be more worried if we were playing well (technique-wise) yet got torn apart.
"Mahomes is a cocky little cunt, isn't he?"
i always regret coming in here during the game. the amount of fake fans who came this or last year.. just insane. i lose brain cells in here
We won't ever win a Superbowl with this defensive line and an offense that chokes.
There a lot of little bitches in here.
"The fuck y’all keep saying Lamar has no time for ??? He’s made it work before with no time. A lot of good QBs do. Russ , Mahomes, Rodgers , dak, etc all make it happen even though their oline collapses at times. And let’s be real - ravens oline is one of the better in the league still. 

Lamar has not been an accurate passer even with time. The passing stats speak for themselves. Forcing Lamar to throw and boxing him in has proven to be a successful strategy. Lamar has not proven to win from behind because he literally cannot throw his way to a come back victory. He’s just not there yet. I hope he will be but...

Lamar gave us one fucking TD today. He should have had 3 or more if he could improve his accuracy.

KC does NOT have an elite fucking defense. Stop spinning it for Lamar. The chargers just took them to fucking OT."
Awful play call.
Don’t get why you stop running the ball. Just seems like you’re bailing KC out
"2nd and 3 and you don't convert... Still incredibly early and you love to see points, but come on, man. Neither 2nd nor 3rd down looked like it had a chance."
"3rd down play was the right one imo, I don't get the 2nd down call though, just run the ball like you've been doing, if it ain't broke..."
I’m a Colts fan but I absolutely *love* Lamar Jackson. He’s a good dude. Want him to win a ring or two soon!
Yo I thought the game started at 8:30 I’m dumb
"Well, that outside run issue is... yeah."
That’s bullshit
Where was the face mask
Defense garbage on that drive
ButTkIcKeR
That was a fucking pathetic drive by our defense.
Best kicker in the league my ass!
Defense still trash against KC
Tucker better
"HAHAHAHA, BUTKER THE ""BEST?"""
Butker? More like BUMKER ha amirite?
Queen got picked out of the play so bad ☠️
Judon has got to go if we're serious about this Superbowl thing. He's for sure not worth 15m
"No game day thread on the Broncos sub, so I guess tonight I'm a Ravens fan. At least you guys stand a snowball's chance in hell against the Chiefs."
That tripping call was bs he fell
WE NEED TO DEMAND HUSSEY GETS FIRED FOR THIS HORSESHIT
1st and 20 takes us out of our entire gameplan for the drive. What a lousy call
"Fuck you, Mr. Ref"
The lack of our home crowd really stands out. That tripping call was heinous.
"Lot of time left people, have some faith. D will get a stop here. Let's go!!!!"
Glad I only started coming here during Lamar’s time. Can’t imagine how toxic a 2015 game thread woulda been haha
"Heres a tip Judon, if you actually beat your man its a fucking screen"
Put Campbell on kelce he seems pretty decent in coverage
Okay defense get the stop I wanna see it
"Once they run out of creative screen plays, this one is over"
Greg Roman/Harbaugh need to stick to the basics versus the Chiefs. Theyre always getting too cute and trying overthink the offensive play calling
LETS GET HYPE WE GOT NOTHIN TO WORRY ABOUT
Roman has some of the worst playcalling in games like these it’s shocking
Fuck Belichik and his corny ass look
Peters having an awful game so far.
We just collapse in meaningful games
Trade for Melvin Ingram
"Throwing a 3-yard pass on 3rd and 6, brilliant"
Andrews why can't you catch it when it really really matters
This offense is giving me flashbacks from 2017-18 Flacco :(
"Run. The. Fuxking. Ball. 

God damnit dont get into a fucking shooting match with mahomes. We ran 60 yards on the first drive and have stopped running the fucking ball."
HOW WAS THAT NOT HOLDING????????????????? FOR FUCKS SAKE
They're holding everything
Well that’s game. Roman isn’t gonna call a run play the rest of the game.
Holding is not a thing in this game. Get over it. That’s just the way the Refs are gonna call it.
good coverage just a perfect pass
If I see that fat fuck center hold one more god damn time and get away with it...
Football HAS to be scripted. Why do we always have perfect storm scenarios for choking
This offense could not look any more uninspired.  Lamar is also having a bad game.
Mark Androps
Sigh. I'm sick of the coaching. Someone HAS to go. It makes no sense why the Ravens forget how to play football vs good teams.
I’m killing myself
Judon crashes inside and then loses his motor when he sees Mahomes going by him. Fuckin loser. We look pathetic
"Lamar has missed a few crucial throws, defense isn’t getting any rest"
this is tough to watch boys. someone cheer me up
Game over. Embarrassment for the entire country to see.
"Yeah, this one's over. Our offense has 7 passing yards and they have 5 times that in one play. Greg Roman and a Lamar Jackson lead offense has never been one to come back from behind."
wE wOnT mIsS EaRl ThOmAs
Lamar is having a abysmal game.
and now we are the laughing stock of the NFL for a week
There is legitimately 0 safety help. Deshone Elliot has no business playing in the NFL
"It's not the reason we're losing, but SERIOUSLY not a single hold on these past 3 drives??"
At least we can watch this Tucker Wannabe completely blow what should be money kicks.
We can come back man. I just know we can
I haven’t been in this thread all night but I just want to say i’m not giving up hope. truzz. must have truzz.
If that last pass wasn’t indicative of how Andrews and the team has played I don’t know what is
Andrews with 3 drops and counting. He's a bit of a choke artist isn't he.
"i hope we don't even come out at all in the second half. just go home guys, you sucked enough for tonight"
We got out coached today boys
I love how so many people slept on Kansas d after a “bad game” two. For me I knew their d was good enough to hang with us and it would be grudge match. If anything the biggest surprise so far is our own defense. Elliot I hate to say looked a little lost.
I think we should pull a Sean Payton and call an offside kick to start the game.
"they got the best of us, they did. tonight was not it for us, but i'm thankful it's early in the season. just play them tough in the second half, give us something to be hopeful about."
REFS ARE ACTUALLY FUCKING BLIND
I hope this ref steps on a lego every day for the rest of his life
"He said they THROWIN A PARTY HERE IN BALTIMORE

&#x200B;

**Lmao ded**"
"Fire Roman, I can't stand his fucking playcalls."
"> *""Pitching a shutout...""*

> *""... only have given up 3 points.""*

What?"
And Lamar misses his guy again.
"You have been visited by the Gus of Bus. Say thank you Gus in reply to this comment, to score 1 million touchdowns."
Mandrews thinks he's the best TE in the league and just booting the easy ones. Nah buddy.
Yeah everyone is fucking hungover
#ASDEIDNDBFBDKAOUWGEFEHGECZSBCZVSVZJDBD
I guess the oklahoma players bring their choking to the nfl
I’m going to give decosta the benefit of the doubt here seeing as he’s only had 2 years on the job... if he doesn’t get receivers with ball skills who can catch we won’t ever win a Super Bowl with Lamar as our quarterback.
Sign Antonio Brown
"I think as a QB, Lamar needs to be a bit more demanding of his teammates. I mean, how many dropped passes have happened not just this game, but also against the Titans?"
Anyone have a favorite windows installation company? Got like 4 windows I need to replace.
Super glad I played the Lamar/Hollywood combo in fantasy. 0-3 it is.
🚌🚌🚌🚌🚌
"Gus better stay next year, I was sad when hayden left"
RUN THIS BALL DOWN THEIR GOT DAMN THROAT!!!
my final words will be stop blitzing.
"Call me a homer, but the Ravens played 1 really bad quarter which caused the large deficit. I think we could keep up with them if we get another chance. Glad running the ball in the second half proved worth it so that we have a blueprint when we do fall behind."
Judon should just fucking take the refs out at this point
Mahomes counting the missed holds on big plays
Indefensible throw there. smh
Well everyone I have to say that’s it. On to Washington.
"Salary issue solved. Lamar, Stanley, Humphrey stay, Judon, Andrews and OBJ walk"
"Lamar had a shit game. Oline had a shit game. Defense was garbage. Everything was bad except RBs, Tucker, and Duvernay. Everyone else needs to figure it the fuck out cause we have a short week.

Tyus can't tackle, Judon proved he's overrated, Lamar needs to learn to not take easy sacks and throw it away, and we have got to get better at not being so soft in coverage against teams like this."
This is why Niner fans were laughing at the Roman hire lol
Lamar is choking so hard. Sucks to see such a bad performance after two good weeks
LAST YEAR THE RAVENS WERE DOWN 17 AT HALF AND WE WERE VERY CLOSE AT COMING BACK. BELIEVE IN THE FLOCK AND GET OUT FAIRWEATHER FANS
Imagine actually thinking we were the favorites lol
"Literally on every play the KC offense egregiously holds. No flags anywhere or any time. 

Fuck these refs."
"Well, one thing is certain, Mahomes is the real deal. Reminds me of Rodgers in his prime.

I don't mind losing to a player of his caliber."
"Fuck this, I'm out. Was nice watching my favorite team be a national embarassment again. Catch y'all next week when we somehow lose to the team with no name."
"Love this team, but do not trust them to come from behind."
This is a brutal performance so far
And we’re done
Shitty throws from Lamar
Some of you guys are trash fans
It sucks we’re losing but I’m still happy i get to watch my favorite team play football
"Ravens about to dominate the second half.  Don’t lose hope, they’re right where Lamar wants em"
Reveivers dropping every pass like the Titans game. Defense cant stop shit like the Titans game. Team abandons the game plan as soon as start losing like the Titans game. What a fucking embarrassment. Chiefs will own us for the rest of eternity.
Reminder that AB is still a piece of shit
games like this show who r bandwagon’s and soft ass fans it’s one game my god playing by far the best team in the league
"All you fuckin fake ass fans sayin GG at half, I wish you would remove yourself from this subreddit because you have no concept of how quickly football can transition and how effective we can be if we learn and adjust. Y’all have no idea what you’re talking about."
"Alright. It's over.

Fuck you Roman."
"There's just nothing we can do to beat them. Nothing. Even if Andrews caught it in the end zone, even if we got 7 on the first drive, even if the refs called literally anything on KC, it wouldn't matter. They'd find a way, or we'd find a way to lose. I am utterly disgusted in the entire team."
Honestly this isn’t even Lamar’s fault the rest of our team was just complete dogshit tonight
[deleted]
"Alright, game. G’night y’all."
Lamar quit on the team there out of frustration. Not a good look.
Patrick Mahomes is the GOAT. We’re a goddamned good football team and he made us look like a peewee squad. No shame in losing to him.
[deleted]
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
RAVENS!
It's TIME
This is the best I’ve felt before a game in a while. LETS GOOOOOO
HEY GUYS HOWS IT GOING HAPPY TO BE HERE TONIGHT WITH U ALL
LFG FLOCK! CANT WAIT TO SEE THEM BOYS EAT! 😈
"If I see one more ad for Fubo.TV, I’m going to mail them the biggest shit I take this week."
I have too much money in this game....
LETS DO THIS
It’s all fuck the chiefs from here on out.
The game isn't on local tv?  You have to have espn?
Why couldn't this be a 7:00 pm game?  I am peaking early.
Did they end up letting some fans in? I heard Gerry Sandusky on 98Rock say something about 250 fans being allowed in. I wasn't sure if he just meant family/friends or what.
Mahomes is licking his chops of the thought of Anthony Averett being on the field
[I'm Scared](https://i.imgur.com/s3UmLtr.png)
TUCK
Let's fucking go boys!
Lets raise hell!
Llamant
"pat Ricard is what like 6 foot and high 200s and has a flat stomach


Calais Campbell is a nose tackle with no gut.


what the fuck monsters are these men"
He is Houdini fr though
Let's go!  Game time
#and here...we...GO!!
This SLJ intro should have been set to GIFWars
u/blacramento you ready!?
Here we go!!!!
And awaaaayyy weeee gooooo
nerves.
Good carry
Lamar looking faster this week
BIG BOI
If it wasn’t drawn up that way they need to add it to the book
Risky af
duvernay is so fast!
This running game is...SEXY
"Great approach so far. Use time, gain confidence on the ground."
"Wear them out early, hell yeah"
Holy fuck. We're insane.
Quick TD to Mandrews?
Just run it over and over until KC can do something about it
There run defense is fucking ass rn
KC defense looks soft.
Is anyone else experiencing a delay in sound watching on CBS?
Love this drive! GET 7
"They can't stop the run, I love it. Let's fucking go"
Smash mouth football bb
Great run defense by KC 😂😂
The fuck was that
FUCKKK
"Damn,"
 Nice drive
Weird to see us kick that.
Campbell is out on kicks.
Damn. Really would've liked a touchdown there
Did we swap out our playbook that we’re using for the first two games ?
Here we go. Let's see what this D got!!!
Feel like we coulda just punched it through on that third down
"Just run the ball until they stop it, it really isn’t that complicated"
Should have gone for it
Man....leaving points on the board...
Aye we just warming up and John don't wanna get killed being overly aggressive like previous chiefs games
"We have the number one defense in the league, you take the 3. It's not a hard decision."
Pass protection isnt giving us time to set up plays
Did anyone else's feed switch over to some ACC ESPN show?
"Wish we would have kept with the run in the red zone, but there's still plenty of football left."
Show your balls coach. We’re playing the champs C’mon
Let's hope Roman sticks to running when it works and doesn't out-Roman himself
Never understood how a defensive penalty for 5 yards is an auto 1st
God damn Tyreek is so fast.
Now they have whistles lol
Jimmy Smith on TK? Im ok with that Elliot on TK? not so much
Pressure has actually been getting there but the secondary is shitting the bed
Tyreek you should be in jail
I know KC is good but this is pathetic on defense
Do they ever call holds on the offensive line anymore
Peters fucked that up
WTF DEFENSE
I just want to complain about my friend. I got him into liking the Ravens. He never played football growing up or in college or anything and now anytime I say anything at the Ravens should have done I am always wrong. Sheesh
Absolute garbage defense there...
Lol this guys better than tuck?
Just walked in smh
What the actual fuck was that.
Show some balls coach
Lol Butler missed.
well that was awful defense only 6 though lfg
"&#x200B;

Lol,  Butker missed an Extra Point. Wow"
CHOTKER
Why do we never blitz in the 1st quarter. Our play calling has been weird in the first halves
"Not setting an edge, come on guys!"
Tucker would never
"Well, hooray! It's still a field goal game, lol."
"It's only one drive, dw"
Well that helps
Outside D needs to freaking step it up
I hope we win by 1 point
"That edge contain, or lack thereof, was weak by Judon.  A half hearted spin move and caught way to far up field.  Maholmes walked around him to the corner."
That felt like a really weird drive by chiefs... we need to have a longgggg drive here with a lot of running
We need a legit pass rusher ASAP
Did we have all 11 guys on the field that drive? It looked like 6.
"I feel like with ET3 deep, Peters wouldn't have to play so conservatively. He has fewer shots to get those signature pick-6."
We really need a lb to set an edge
"Our defense didn't come close.

Our offense did, but got scared at the end.

Good drive needed here."
HAHAH. We didn’t score a TD so JT could assert dominance.
Ref is soft
"Yeah, never mind. -ref"
#WTF ANOTHER FLAG?????
"GOOD LORD. That is the single most competent instance of officiating I have ever seen, haha"
Sure is a rocky start so far
"Sure call that, let go the obvious holding. Sure."
Ref ball
Harbaugh heated lmao
#HORSESHIT
This is the same crew who called that awful OT Steelers away game last year btw
"I hope you guys are as excited about Duvernay as I am. As a longhorn, I watched him catch every ball thrown his way for several years. I'm looking forward to him having a long great career with the Ravens."
Wtf
Another fucking bullshit call
What is this play calling! Throw downfield
wait what was the penalty that set Harbaugh off???
I see where this game is getting called.. same as last year
Sigh...
Stop trying to get so fancy! Keep it together
😐
Looks like last year
"I dont understand, we ran the ball well on the first drive and then we just stop?"
Time to start injecting the alcohol into my veins
They are only down by 3!
"This team has no idea how to play while behind. If they give up another TD on this drive, it’s going to get out of hand."
fuck I don't want to see baker rn
Let’s go D! 3 and out!
D needs to step up here
"Nope, we weren't ready.

Harbaugh needs to do a better job with the young guys in big games. We don't have Ray and Ed anymore to ground us. I have never seen us come out looking 100% focused against any team but the Patriots. primetime game last year."
"What the heck was with that tripping call? Are our guys supposed to vanish into thin air the moment they hit the ground or something?? 

At least glad to see Harbs saw the same exact thing and having the same exact reaction as I did."
"Tuff enough to have to beat the Chiefs if the refs are on their game.  When you get a call like that against you, it’s damn near impossible. We are due a makeup call, big time"
"Got behind on that drive, and we’re not clicking in the pass game. We’ll be alright. Everyone take a deep breath."
Healthy does of red ball being played here. Can't wait to see a chopping call to complete my 1st quarter scorecard.
Calais save us
LOL GIVING THESE REFS CREDIBILITY AND THEY STILL FUCKING BLOW
Draft some OL’s and DL’s next year. Otherwise we’ll have the same result for the next decade . Lamar is consistently running for his life against prime opponents. Dline disappears when we need them
Play calling was bad but we also had 2 almost fumbles. Defense needs to get our mojo back
"if they have so much experience, why have they blown two calls??"
Stop trying to rip the ball out and TACKLE
Thats a big boy run
lol Queen tackled Elliot.
so we not wrapping up in 2020??
how is he pushing a pile of 5 defenders with no help
Need a stop
Ok that was kind of embarrassing. You got 3-4 guys on CEH and you can’t take him down?
FUCKING ASS
They are just picking apart the D right now
Nice stunt. Too bad they can’t stop screens
Bowser bit on the screen
Holy crap an actual call against the Chiefs?!?!
Defense tackle CEH challenge
WTF is Jimmy doing? He didn’t even dive the right way.
Avaret cannot sit there and wait for him to run towards the fucking line.
Nice play Marlo!
Hump came to get it on
**Marlon Humphrey!!**
They burned us on screen passes last yr as well.
"MARLON

HUMPHREY"
Nice stick Marlon
I love Humphrey.
It's like our defense cant tackle and out offense is asleep
marlon get that punch in
lol we are getting picked apart
Need Humphrey or Calais to make some big plays
Lol they're going to kill our blitzes on screens lol.
Could we start tackling? Thanks.
Derek Wolf getting worked rn
D needs to wake up
Love how everyone spends all week hyping everyone up and then shits on them during the game
Did he just say Bowser is a good good edge rusher?
This effort at tackling is pathetic.
Can mahomes just not
Vegas called in a favor from the refs theyre getting burned on the overs need a low scoring game tonight
Kelce will wreck us all game
Defense sucks
We gotta have the worst team when it comes to finishing sacks
"#STOP

#GETTING

#PENALTIES"
What is this fucking tackling?!
This is about to be 13-3. D need to figure it out and quick
Flagfest continues
Titans flashbacks
What’s Decosta doing down on the sideline?
Petition to give Bowser more snaps!
Frustrating
Calm down. Do your job.
"I’m just frustrated because we all know what this team is capable of, and it’s domination for 60 minutes every game."
all we need to do is run the ball and finish our tackles and we are COOLIN
The defence better get it's ass chewed out when it hits the sideline. I can't imagine Ray standing for this tackling
If they don't have someone spotting the RB for a potential screen here then ima kick my TV lol
Hold them to a FG then get a TD to make it 10-9
**COME ON D BIG STOP RIGHT NOW**
Time to respond
This Allstate commercial is a weird Katamari Damacy rip off
Time to play angry in the 2nd quarter.  Do it ravens!
D is going for the turnovers - only time before we get one
"""If we don't go up, 38 points next quarter I'm literally killing myself"" -several people in this thread"
"dammit why does andy reid have to be so good, they're tearing us up tn"
We need the offense to rise up big time cause the defense can't keep up.
Of course they pick it up. Fucking fuck fuck fuck fuck
WOW Marcus Peters head is not in this game
"Last year: No receivers for Lamar and zero pass rush.

Bang up job address those needs, front office."
Fuck we suck
Again ravens playing prevent defense is so fucking infuriating
I wish we could’ve got Clowney
Judon lucky to not get flagged on that
Blitz never hit home
Peters needs pick six to make up for his poor tackling.
wtf  is Peters doing
The d line still can’t get pressure just like last year
Aeons in the pocket
Hold them to 3 or a missed FG
Brandon Williams making tackles on his back.
"lol the underneath throw, of course"
This is fucking stupid
Wow
GODDAMNIT
"Just run at Derek Wolf!! 

He's getting dominated."
Wow
fuck man come on
"Great play, damnit."
"This is what ""genius"" offensive playcalling looks like."
Mahomes is good
Where that contain Judon?
What a play.... fuck
Defense getting dissected
Need a TD for sureeeee
"LJ time, lets get some points"
I don’t understand why we never contain the edges and let pressure come from the middle it’s so simple Judon and Bowser are not good enough lol
"Sigh, we all recognize our issue and yet we don't trade for a good edge rusher. Just get rid of Judon please"
Derek Wolf is a liability.
We look rough
I'm glad I'm watching this at home and not spending money at a bar being embarrassed in public
We can’t pass for some reason I guess
This is a ridiculously well called game by Andy Reid... Holy Fuck we looks clueless
I see there are some fans on this thread that don’t have truss
I'll take that too!
No idea where this outcoached bit is coming from. Mahomes’ decision making and options are just unreal.
They need to push the ball down the field. Too much dink and dunk so far.
Their entire gameplan is going after Queen with misdirections and screens. Going to need to give him some help.
"Once again Judon if you make it to Mahomes, its a screen."
I'm just glad Mahomes isn't doing in January in front of a capacity crowd. Thanks Titans!
"Crawling in my skin.  
These wounds, they will not heal"
YOOOOOOOOOOO
DUVVVV
YES!!!!!!
That's the way to answer!
DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUVernay
Devin fucking Duvernay
DUUUUUUVVVVVVVVVVV
That boy fast!!!!
DAYUUM
#HOLY FUCKING SHIT DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUV
I'll take that!
DUUUUUUUUV
Finnnallly
BABY JACOBY
WE BACK
**DEVIN DUVERNAY!!!!!**
And Duvernay showing why we drafted him.
Holy shit!!!!!!!!
DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!
Duvernay is a fucking stud dude
That there is some Ravens shit. Love it.
LMAO
DUVVVVVVVVVVVVV
This MF can fly
HOLY FUCKING SHITT!!!!!
"I don’t think some people are watching the same game as us? The Chiefs have done what ever they wanted on offense and we’re battling every play for yards, gonna be another double digit come back bid that falls short"
HOLY FUCKING SHIT YESSSS
That’s *A* Response...
"WOOOOOHOOOOOO Black out lights, baby!"
There ya go.    Now shut their offense down
Ohhhhhh yeahhhhh
Duv!!!!!
Let's goooooo!
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
keep kicking short you bitches
JACOBY?!?!???
Oh Lort!
JACOBYYYY JON... ER I MEAN DUVERNAYYYYYYY
LET’S FUCKING GOOOO
I like this guy
I think we have our returner!
"YOU GO, KID!!!!!"
"YEAH BITCH!!! TO THE HOUSE!! THAT'S WHAT'S UP!!!

BIG TRUSS MOTHERFUKAS, NO LIL TRUSS!!!"
Said it earlier. Jacoby is forgotten.
"NO FLAGS 

LETS FUCKING GO"
Tucker would have had that tackle
Just me or did Lamar look a teeny bit pissed that he’s gotta wait a little longer...??
VAMOS CARAJO
where the lil' trusses that were saying we done already?
DUVERNAY ALL THE WAY! Putting the team on his fucking back right nowww!!!
Duvernay all day
I LOVE YOU DEVIN
Hahahaha let’s go. That’s the energy we needed
Double DD needs to start over Snead.
FUCK YES
Duuuuúuuuuuuuv!
WHY WOULD YOU TEST THE MAN TWICE
HOLY SHIT DUVERNAY IS FAST AS SHIT
"“Fuck, man.” - the D probably"
"#BELEE DAT, DUVERNAY! BELEE DAT!!"
FUCK all these 2018 Ravens fans talking shit bout this team
Lol damn. Defense needs a rest!!
DUUUUUUUUVVVVVVVV
Simmer your shlongs homies. Believe in the Llama.
HELL YEA
SPECIAL TEAMS BEASTS!
"We did the thing we really sucked at, first!"
"Holy shit, something good happened. How do I act?"
THATS IT BOYS!!
Lol I know this is a terrible outlook but Duv didn’t give the defense a chance to rest 😂
LETS FOUKINGGGGGG GOGOGOGOGOGOGOOOOOOO
THAT'S MY KICK RETURNER
Reminds me of jacoby Jones
LET’S FUCKING GO BOI
Tucker would have taken a better angle.
come git some
THAT IS WHAT I LIKE TO SEE
LFG!!!
Where are the Fairweather fans?
Jacoby Jones 2.0
Now get the stop on the D!
seriously I was curious why they kicked short last time and we got it at the 34 figured it was done. And they did it again.
Fast as fuck
Fuck I was getting chips lol
EDC can claim that TD because our coordinating is ass
Lets do that every kickoff pls.
Ill take that!
FUCCCCKKKK YEAAAA
S’gonna be a looong game.
IT WAS ALL PART OF THE PLAN
STILL FUCKING GOT IT
"Not good for the defense, but I suppose we shouldn’t be picky when it comes to points lol"
Justin Kicker!
That'll do...
Get the ball back defense! Lets go
Justin Kicker
And he’s back for kick off lol
Lmao Justin kicker!!! Makes sense let’s just rename him at this point
Hook ‘em baby 🤘🏼😎
Devin Duvernay was such a good draft pick by the Ravens
LOL ups n downs in here worse then stock market. Sick play
lol justin kicker
Kicker Tucker
"The D is tired and not very good, but come on stop something this time!"
MOMENTUM SHIFTED LETS GO D YOUR TURN
THAT WAS INCREDIBLE
"Ravens Defense: OH, FUCKING GREAT!!!"
momentum here we go
Nice jon son! Now go cover the kickoff.
"OK so the announcers are questioning not kicking it through the endzone. I think it's the right call, in general, and of course it started with Belechick, in my observation. Kick to the 2 yard line and force a return, it's better than giving up the 25 yardline...usually."
I hope we kick it short and stop them and show them how it's done
Justin Kicker returns!!
Truth is I'm tired of Mahomes playing his best versus us.
"Ravens defense with no rest, no depth and going back up against Mahomes"
"They may have two TDs, but ours looked a lot better!"
BIG MAN
"Andy Reid is all about trickery and short stuff.  I feel like our D needs to be a little less aggressive, especially on 3rd down"
Tackling looks better.
PLEASE GET THE STOP
unreal
Nice stop!!!
THREE AND OUT BOYS
"Finally, can we keep that pressure on Mahomes please"
There we go! 3 and OUT
IT'S TIME TO CAPITALIZE
Good shit defense there we go
Good Good Good Good
FINALLY
LETS GOOOOOO DEFENSE!!!
TBH I think it’s kinda cool that the Chiefs WRs #s are all in the 10s
Need a huge drive from Lamar and Co.!!!!
Kelse wasn't ready
"Maybe momentum will help, but only getting 5 seconds of rest won't make things easier on defense."
I like these rookie WRs
"Disguise made a HUGE difference there

Big props to wink"
If we wake up we got this
ACTION JACKSON TIME
Defense came out pissed!
"Hell yeah man, they got a fire lit under their asses"
Good return
What was lamar mad about just now?
Y'all ready for The Lamar show???
LMAO he didn’t even get a first down. Lamar better
Perfect sequence. KR TD. Then 3-and-out by the defense.
"I wore number 9 tonight after all the Butker hype. I’ll take some credit for his so far shitty game. 

Take a shot at the king, you best not miss"
**RUN THE DANG BALL**
Ozzie da goat
Can Duvernay start over Boykin please?
Ozzie the man. Best be HOF bound AGAIN
I thought ozzie retired. Glad he’s still in the organization
LOL
Are we passing to set up the run??
Run the god damn ball
Gator armed it
"Cmon you gotta catch that, let’s go guys"
Roman you killing me fam
Gotta catch that
Annnnnnd another fucking punt
Why aren’t we running the ball
Not one run
Nice drop
Garbage ass offense
Marquise is way too small to be running that route.
These guys are scared to get hit
Jesus Christ
What are these play calls?
So we're going to stop running the ball?
Just run the damn ball
Dude run the fucking ball.. roman what the fuck now isn't the time to be Marty Morniwheg
Receivers can’t catch and Greg can’t call plays atm. A recipe for disaster.
Offense looking like the Flacco/Trestmann era smh
Why would you have everybody running cross routes there?
We refuse to run the ball.
I miss Steve Smith
"Starting to think this is why SF ditched Roman. If we make it to the playoffs and come out looking stale as hell again, idk what to even say"
Hey.... how about run the ball?
I just wish us losing these big games didn’t come down to something as correctable as dropping passes and missing tackles.
D needed a 10 minute drive. Got a three and out. Thanks GRo
Again... run the damn ball. It's working... just keep doing it! It's so frustrating.
"It's one of those things though, we wouldn't be saying shit right now if Andrews had caught the PA pass that hit his hands."
"Play calling always goes to shit in big pressure games, i swear."
"So the refs just gonna ignore that block in the back

Aight"
"Guys, the playcalling on offense is not good right now. Why we throwing the ball 2 yards past the line of scrimmage on 3rd and 6? I don't like the play calling at all."
Just run the fucking ball. They can’t stop it!
Boykin needs to either get in or get out. Dude just doesn't get open so he doesn't ever get looks. We need a physical WR and that's supposed to be him. This needs to be his year.
This is the same shit I brought up a year ago and people in the sub tried to flame me. Roman is a run game coordinator. His passing game play designs are literally as simple as they come. No imagination/creativity in the pass game. Just hoping that Lamar makes him right. Hire a pass game coordinator to help him out or he has to go.
6 carries is a joke
Defense fell asleep AGAIN
So is the D ever going to guard Kelce?
On 2nd and 6 there is no way we don't get the first down if we just run it a couple of times. I don't get this
Where tf is our defense.
Marlon just let Kelce get another 10 yards because he was riding him trying to punch out the ball instead of tackling him....
We need more designed runs for Lamar. We were marching down the field doing that the very first drive.
Back to reality. Gg.
Nice to see our hurry up 40 minute offense to try and overcome this massive three point deficit.
We absolutely refuse to try and stop Kelce.
"I bet the analytics are saying that we need to pass the ball in order to keep up with the chiefs scoring, so we abandon the run"
Kelce is manhandling us
WHY. ARE. THEY. SO. FUCKING. OPEN!!!!?????
Maybe we can try covering Kelce today?  I mean he kills us every time
This fucking defense..
Seven fucking pass yards.
Don’t change the fucking scheme we play press man stop with this off coverage bull shit
How are our dbs so far away
We have 60 rush yards and 7 pass and Roman is calling all pass plays now
These shoulder tackles are not effective.
We need a fucking pass rusher
MAKE A TACKLE
WHY IS JUDON IN COVERAGE?!?!
CALL THE FUCKING HOLD
how tf does he get away. he’s literally a magician. gotta respect it
What about holding wolfe
Just 0 concentration
HOW THE FUCK WAS THAT NOT A HOLD?
Why is judon in coverage on 3rd down. What the actual fuck
Jesus christ
He pump fakes and they lose him fucking pathetic
No contain from the defense
lmaoooo go for the hit not the fake marlon!! Drill him
I hate to say it but Mahomes is amazing. Hope the Ravens can hold them to a FG at least or get some kind of turnover.
"Blatant hold, fuck off refs"
I really need Judon to look like he cares even a fucking *little* bit
and judon covering him why
Campbell is such a great addition
They're gonna convert every 3rd down aren't they?
The story of this game is the complete masterclass reid is putting on the ravens vs. the disasterclass roman is putting on the chiefs.
CAN WE JUST CONTAIN
Fucking dumbass judon
Ugh reid's screen nonsense is super annoying
"Going to be offsides. Has to be, we got pressure"
Humphrey for fucking DPOTY
Fucking hell judon
We've got a long way to go defensively
Fuck off Judon. Can't get a hit unless it's late and can't get there unless it's early.
Matthew Judon going to  get traded
Totally held Wolf
This game is ugly.
Looked on sides to me
Judon you gone
"Pernell McPhee covering MeCole Harman, shocked they picked up the first down."
Peters not doin hot
"Lol, look at that hold..."
Fuck these refs
Of-Goddamn-course the one time we get pressure its because of offside
This is so fucking stupid. I swear to god
Matt Judon is being paid $17M
Has there ever been a game where Judon doesn’t get a penalty?
Another missed hold lmao
so many pick plays
That was good coverage and Hill still caught a TD. I hope the Ravens respond here fast.
Can't wait for Judon to go what a dumb penalty
Every play now will be pass!!!!
Fuckkkk
We fucking need seven here.
"Play to your strengths, run the ball, none of these defenses can handle this offenses are their best. If this becomes catchup Chiefs win it"
Can we run the fucking ball
"Of course, the weekly Judon fuckup, and it bites us in the ass. Wiping away a great play by Campell because of course. Reminder we're paying this guy like 16m this year for mediocre coverage and mediocre pass-rush, and at least one bone headed penalty a week."
WHY HAVE WE ABANDONED THE RUN
Bad tripping and perfect count jump against us. Hate to see it
So hard to stay focused watching games when they constantly stop the game for commercials.
This a mirror image of the Titans game fr
No holding calls will ever get called on the chiefs I say that every year
The Chiefs look like scoring every offensive drive. We need some points here to stay in this game.
I want to see Wink fight Roman after the game in the tunnel.
The Burger King moment just showed us what we haven't been doing since the first drive.
"Lamar hasnt had a defining come from behind win yet as far as I can remember. Dont give up guys, stop being pessimistic little bitches and chin up. This could be that game for him."
"Lots of game left, but the chargers held these guys to 20 the whole regulation. At some point the defense needs to back up all the expectations."
Why did we draft Dobbins?
Now when they run the ball people will bitch because they get stuffed
What is this lol
We have just given up running the ball. I don't understand this at all
stop fucking checking it down
Oh look...another rollout pass to the line of scrimmage....
I wanna say throw something down field. But we do that and the drop it so idk what to suggest
I’m trying to figure out why the commercials are always seamless but during the plays my stream lags to hell and back
Well at least its not another 3 and out
What is this playcalling?
Usually thats holding
They called a penalty on the chiefs?
I can’t keep watching if the play calling will continue to be this bad man. What is with all this underneath shit
These passing plays are garbage.
WHAT ARE THESE PASS PLAYS
Unreal
CAN WE STOP DOING UNDERNEATH ROUTES FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
Jesus fucking Christ
Uggggg
No one can catch today
Lamar is wildly off. Looks like shit tonight.
Our offense ughhh....
This passing offense is so predictable
Lamar is way off
so we just not trying tonight i guess
I’m sad now
"That was pathetic, as soon as I saw empty backfield and a 6 man blitz it was already over. What is wrong with roman"
Offense needs to figure this shit out or its gonna get ugly
This sucks
That first drive gave me some serious blue balls
This is like the playoff game against the chargers. At least the offense could move the ball against the titans.
Ridiculous. Run the ball
Wth are we doing tonight
Can we try and do one screen for fuck sake!
The ravens are paper tigers on offense until proven otherwise.
This is weak sauce
We didn’t give the defense hardly any time.
Lol what the hell are they doing running into each other?
Hopefully some big adjustments can be made at halftime
We look like garbage
I'm sad
"our defense needs a break man, on the field too often"
We aren’t going to win fucking shit in the playoffs if this is how we show up for big games.
"This has to be the softest, most embarrassingly weak pass rush in the NFL."
"Once again, some dude was writhing on the ground and the announcers said jack shit. This pissed me off in the Broncos game too. One of our most important players went down, and the announcers said jack shit. 

And y'all need to remember to run and play keepaway from KC."
Did that say 7 passing yards?!!!
Judon cant set the edge for shit.
JUDON WENT INSIDE AGAIN I’m gonna explode
Defense is fucking gassed
This is embarrassing. Defense might as well be asleep.
They need to make tackles
The oline giving up to much pressure.  Noone getting open or making a play when called on. Now KC gonna just run it on us
bruh i’m stressed
Lamar does not look like himself
Comeback in 2nd half.
Just show fucking something
lol what a weird commercial
"Barry Glazer is uh...

He’s interesting"
We need to come out with way different looks in the second half for a chance at this game
"I don’t care how good our run offense is, Roman has showed he can’t make a pass offense and that’s what football is about now unfortunately. After this season it might be time to see if we can nab any innovators on the OC side"
"Why does Greg Roman always want to act like we're a gunslinger team too? The run was working fine but nope he sees Mahomes throwing it all over us and wants Jackson to do the same, just stick with the run it's what this team is made for."
"Juiceman pick 6,"
Hopefully this isn’t too bad but it’s not looking good right now
"Not a Ravens fan, but chill. Still plenty of football left to be played. Y’all are a good team. 

Y’all will get to slaughter us (Cowboys) later in the season, along with many other teams!!"
nothing is over till its over but im so disappointed in us right now
"I feel exposed going into the half, pants down, junk flopping, everyone watching."
This team can't compete with teams with a good line with this below average pass russ
I dunno how anyone could watch Judon play and think he’s worthy of a lucrative contract
So Chiefs D was supposed to be trash? We were supposed to be the running team? What an absolute embarrasment.
I don't even give a shit about losing this game because i know we are getting into the playoffs either way. It's about how the team looks compared to last season is what's killing me.
"We're actually really good in primetime, despite losing the playoff game. So this is just next level annoying."
Hate how soft the defense is playing
"2nd half the offense has to get vertical FAST. They are targeting Andrews, so start to get players like Duv or Snead involved"
Play calling is like we’re playing madden against a better player and scared we’re gonna lose.
good vibes only. we know we’re capable of 4 td’s in a half
COME ON D. PLEASE
Judon actually looks absolutely terrible
Bruh
If Mark Andrews hauls that ball in we’re looking at a completely different game.
What is a defense?
"Excuse me, what the frick."
What the fuck is this
Pain.
GG chiefs
Wtf
What the fuck was that?
Game over
We have no chance at this point.
Well looks like I can just go to bed
Yikes
This is an ooof of a game
Well pack it up lol
This sucks
Who was covering him?
Why
jesus christ...
butker's barely making these fg's lol
Is Peters high? TF? He just stopped and stood there.
That’s just embarrassing.
What the fuck was Peters doing
That was hard for me to watch 🥴
This has to be scripted lol wtf
What the fuck are they actually doing
Welp Fuck
This is getting tough to watch
This is down to preparation. Defense did not prepare for the Chiefs.
pain.
why must you hurt me like this
Bruh
Gonna be a 40 point loss here.
I waited ALL DAY just for this shit to happen.
Same old ravens cant make stops on 3rd and long
Ok so the bitching should officially start even thousand years ago.
"Welp last 2 I wasn’t watching, ravens won. I’m watching today soo guess I’m not watching them live anymore lol"
3rd and 14 and you blitz heavy. Wink is getting his ass kicked again.
Love how the defense celebrated Mahomes overthrowing Tyreek. The only reason that wasn’t a TD a play earlier is because Pat overthrew his man by a few feet.
"That pass was unreal. Knows he’s about to be drilled, drops it on a dime."
"I really need someone to explain to me why against the fastest receiving group in the league, we put safeties on them and rush with our fastest CB"
Can we please stop blitzing our best corner? Please?
Time to pull out the hard liquor
"Tbh, I more angry at our Offense tbh, like, they were supposed to be the defense tonight..."
Goodnight. This team has learned nothing from last year.
"Wow, just getting killed"
That looked like Peters fault. He bit up on Hill.
Straight up not having a good time
Incredible how trash we look
...Is it too late to bring back Earl Thomas?
This game was hyped up all week and is over before halftime lmfao
"Just one game, we were going to lose at least one this year anyway, at least we're getting it out of the way early."
We are getting shat upon
"Well I’m out guys, looks like now I’m ganna make this 12 pack disappear"
"2 minute offense, let’s go"
We need a TD here.
"Why the fuck are we taking away our best defender from coverage against Pat Mahomes

I just have no words for this gameplan on either side of the ball"
I just hope the chiefs don't get the ball back
"This is fucking atrocious. Roman with his shit calling, Offense’s is colder than absolute zero, Defense can’t hold things down to save their lives. We need something here because this just ain’t it."
Lamar needs to come back out now
Glad this game is week 3. Had the same issue last year and EDC made some impactful changes quick.
This drive is literally the game
Cool here we go with 6 yard runs
Fucks sake.
Ok I’m leaving before this gets ugly
Imma rip the dab pen and draw up some plays for Wink
Thats not a fumble??
Jesus Christ what a shit show
I need the same kinda reaction to this game decosta had to the lost to Tennessee and to the browns man this is not raven football.
LOL inc another 50 yard bomb by mahomes
We gotta get a TD to keep this game competitive
Too many fumbles and drops.
Welp
Lmaooooooo im done.
😄🔫
"Turning this one off.  Good luck guys, next week is a new week."
Ravens haven't made me feel like this in a long time...
...and now the o line joins the circus!
Put this on the board with the Titans and Chargers games.
why do all our high stakes games go the exact same way?
Ok if they can get a TD before the half we’re done.
wow
Wow.
Yeah thats a hold
Out coached.
"Why we're still here, just to suffer..."
What an absolute joke we are. I'm embarrassed I even thought we have a chance.
"No replay, no review?"
#LEARN HOW TO FUCKING TACKLE
You build a good football team from the lines out and we are losing in the trenches on both sides of the ball.
They have free runners on every play
At least now it's a full team failure.
How many times do we get hands on the QB and don't bring him down? Jesus fucking christ
(ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻
It'd be great if a pass rusher could actually tackle Mahomes instead of grabbing at his shoulder
"Kill me, only like 2 people came to play, everybody else is asleep"
Martindale is getting straight up punked.
Judon is so ass why haven’t we traded him yet
Pass rush is just ass
We're just lucky he dropped that.
Oof. Just turned on the game. We’re not looking great.
Bring the house and still cant get a sack
That christ humphrey was there
It’s almost like THATS WHY YOU DONT BLITZ 44
How many sacks are they going to whiff? Where’s the physicality? Weak
"Lucky.  So, so GD lucky."
At least the gif war was fun to watch
Fuck these commentators SO ANNOYING
This team still can't play from behind. Nothing has changed from last year except the secondary has gotten worse
man what the fuck
At least we won the kicker wars
"The defence has been bad, but the offence has been worse."
Has anyone played well? Dear me this is dreadful.
He ain’t no Tucker!
“Best kicker in the league” fuck off Tony Romo
"Defense must be like, when the hell will it be halftime lol"
Tony Romo curse
Why the fuck does Mahomes have like 3 wide open receivers every play
Look at that protection man why cant we have that???
"Hey, at least we know Tucker is the better kicker"
At least Tucker reigns supreme
Lol AR least buttlicker sucks
Wow. Just. Wow.
At least Butker is making me smile tonight
So 37-10 by the time we see the ball again?
We're fortunate Butker has had a horrible night
Throw a bomb
Man this chiefs kicker kinda sucks
well at least it’s week 3 gotta make improvements got cap room
We have to score a lot of points and have our defense give up none. Better be a hell of a haltime speech
I LOVE Deshon and Chuck. But you simply can’t walk 2 strong safeties out there against Mahomes and not expect to get fucking bombed. Lol
"Simply can't believe this. And yet, I believe it"
That last pass is this game
At least we are winning the kicker battle
Kinda reminds me of that game a few years ago when Peyton Manning murdered us with 5 TD's. Really hoping we can pull a miracle out of our asses this time...
Justin Tucker ftw
"WTF was that throw

...and another drop by Andrews"
ITS FUCKING EMBARRASSING
And Andrews dropped another pass 😐
Great hands guys
Story of the first half there. Abysmal.
Absolutely no pass rush for the past 5 years now and I’m fucking sick of it
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST CAN WE CATCH ONE GOD DAMN PASS!
Big game andrews
Hopefully this puts a fire under our team
What the fuck are these plays?¿?¿? Couldn't even get a completion lmao
I think our receivers put baby oil on their gloves before a big game
We are not ready for the big one yet guys.....
That last play pretty much sums up this entire game
Everyone but the wolfpack gets a paddling.
Fitting end to the half
"its just getting ridiculous, cant even make 5 yard throws underneath"
welp 3 score game ladies and gents...
Jesus Christ they did the same exact shit against the Titans where they get behind and then they start passing and their offense goes to shit. Greg Romans has to go if he is going to keep doing this shit
Watch our boys will come from behind and win and that narrative will go away
"Well, we look like a joke."
Play calling has been atrocious and the moment just feels too big for this team. Really hoping we put up a fight this second half and show some heart
Fuuuuuuuuck man. Fuck.
Someone needs to get in Roman's ear. Pressure passing downs are not our thing. Maybe if we had a better O-line. Lamar is off tonight but he can still run. Do that. It would be better.
Boomer looks like Ernest Borgnine.
I need more beer
We need a real miracle comeback here. If the defense can get Mahomes number and get 3 and outs we could run the ball and grind out some points
we just cant get anything going. we need to learn to play from behind.
Guys guys guys... what if there was a miracle? Just like Michael Vick and the Miracle at the New Meadowlands
Am I watching the same game as my friend is? Because I sure haven't seen all this pressure and slowdowns on my homes that he's talking about. And all this pressure that Judon and his high-level play is currently happening. Someone tell me if I'm being wrong here but I have to think my friend has lost his mind a little bit?
"""What would you give if tomorrow wasn't promised..."""
If the defense can get a early stop or turnover on the opening drive maybe things can improve but obviously a chiefs TD is pretty much game over
"Our first half effort reminded me of that song from Hamilton: 

Outgunned  
Outmanned  
Outnumbered  
Outplanned

Why are we regularly exposed against great teams?"
We drafted Patrick Queen for coverage smh
"You know what? 

I'm glad that this is happening."
We need to play zone cover 3. That's the best way to play mahomes. He eats up man to man against the blitz  they know we are gonna blitz. So switch it up dont be predictable.
Might as well rush 1
Queen bruh
Patrick Queen ran down Hill. Impressive
and it begins again...
Bullshit
"Down and distance is just completely meaningless, they can get a 1st down at will"
We better not sign judon
Judon is just so frustrating to watch
Queen....
Our entire team is playing like trash. Lamar shouldn't be getting the brunt of it. We're being dominated at every level
"Honestly, it's beautiful how effortless Mahomes makes these passes look."
That qas the shirt not the name plate
Oh look more penalties for the team up 3 scores
That is an AWFUL fucking flag fuck the score
BS call
Can we penalize a referee?
ThTs a good tackle ...
"Matt Judon really is a waste of 17 mill, great personality on the team, but we need something else from the pass rush"
"KansAs CitY cAn Do wHaT eVer TheY wAnt

STFU dork"
Bs penalties
I'm glad i'm wearing a mask so my colleagues can't see on my face how disappointed i am :(
He was literally holding the nameplate.
How the fuck is that a horse collar
Bullshit call
These Refs are awfull...
And fuck these god damn refs.
"Right now Mahomes is so hot he could have a blindfold in and finish the game throwing for 500 yards, 89% completion, and 9 touchdowns."
Lmao bullshit call
are you kidding
This is so fucking embarrassing
now they're just fuckin with us...
HORSESHIT!
LETS GO TRUSSSSSSS
🙏🏽😭
Just have to do something with it now
Its something
Hey we caught a break!!
"If we don’t score here, so help us god..."
RIGHT WHERE WE WANT THEM
gotta score here got a break LFG
YESSIR
back in business.
We needed that
OH SHIT NEVERMIND IM STAYING UP
#CHUCK CLARK
Refs gonna take this back?
Let’s just get a nice drive going
This happens every time a game like this happens to us. Something happens that makes us get hope and it doesn’t matter
That might be a game changer. Just maybe
LETS GO CHUCK
"TD here and it's a ten point game. Against that offense it won't be easy, but we can do that. Just gotta pray Romans halftime adjustments get the job done"
Don't piss away this possession.
If we score here we are fucking back in it boys
Come on Lamar. I have faith in you. Let's fucking do it
Why not. Let's go
I think all the trolls are gone yall
dude what is G-Ro doing
Roman. RUN THE BALL
That play makes me wanna puke
Bruh I missed the start of the second half lmao.
"Runs don’t exist, Super Bowl is an illusion"
RUN IT
Run. The. Ball.
"RUN. THE. BALL.

down but you can run the ball and still be in this game."
"good playcalling

very aggressive, way to try to get back in the game"
Any 4th and short has to be a go now
Lmao waste of a drive
Roman play calling like a D2 coach vs Alabama
Need to snap the fucking ball there
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
Can’t wait for a Greg Roman fullback sweep bullshit on 3rd and 1
We look like a high school team lmao this is even more embarrassing then the Titans game.
This is as pathetic a showing as I've ever seen
Lol we are embarrassing ourselves right now
Did we just false start away the offsides? Absolute horse shit discipline.
Did they go to the club? Why are they so sloppy? xD
Lol. This team is 100% off.
we can’t even snap the ball properly...
Wut
what the fuck
I've never heard of that penalty lol
Well it’s a 1st downs a start...I guess
Oh hey a 1st down!
A first down? Do my eyes deceive me? XD
# STOP WITH THE THROWING
God damn this is the worst I’ve seen this team since Lamar took over
Holy hell Gus Edwards is in the game
Anyone else’s butthole go clench mode on that deep toss?
what is this obsession with Gus Edwards?! Could have used that pick for someone that actually plays.
Brown running back scared TF out of me lol
"#MOVE THOSE CHAINS

#MOVE THOSE CHAINS

#MOVE THOSE CHAINS"
Never seen a team so unprepared for a game in a long time. Team seemed like they were on their high horse after beating 2 shit teams. News flash: u aren’t as good as you think u r
Dive for it jfc
RUN IT OmG
That's it. Keep it coming.
Thank god
"we gotta score asap, KC is a fast offense and they're gonna get another Td to clinch the win if we don't score soon"
How is that not a flag for the hit on Dobbins?
If he stays in he scores
Lamar takeover starts now
thank god we're finally running it
YES GUS. YES GREG ROMAN.
The “crowd” was louder for CEH’s 1 yard run
almost had brown there for a TD
THERE U FUCKING GO LAMAR
Lamar is getting back into his comfort zone I hope
Where is the up tempo? Come on mix it up get in a rhythm
seeing gus run LITERALLY cures my depression.
Do a little tempo.
"Roman: ""oh wait we have a Bus"""
BIG GUSS
Run the ball
#TEAM NON HYPHENATED EDWARDS
Why wasn’t this the plan from the start? Sometimes I do wonder. ..
Lmao their dlines getting chippy
I’ve been saying it all game long... go back to the run!!!
This sub wants Gus gone and honestly he's our best back imo
I swear if we ran Gus every play we'd score every drive.
Greg Roman was probably so drunk he forgot Gus existed until the second half
"Would you look at that, when the ravens run good stuff happens"
Completely different team... I would love to know what Harbaugh said to them in that locker room
YES KEEP RUNNING
it's almost like running the ball works
FEED HIM
an offensive linemen blocking without holding?????? the chiefs are SHOOK.
Fucking thank you
Thank you Gus 💜
I want to see more of gus and Dobbins
I think we should go into no-huddle
Seem like we could be a running team
Fuck it just let lamar be a running back for the rest of the game
Blatant holding there 79
Had to give kc the confidence just to take it away and crush em
Wtf is with andrews today
What is wrong with Andrews tonight WTF
Epic bum
Oh no...
Run the ball keep time of possession that's how we won games all of last year.
Kill me.
who chopped off mark andrews's hands today??
"Okay, if I’m worried about anyone in big games it’s Mandrews. What the hell?"
Mandrews is killing me
"CATCH THE FUCKING BALL.

WHOLLY FUCKING SHIT"
Mandrews?? WTF is going on?
I'd appreciate if the announcers would quit crushing on mahomes everytime the ravens actually do something good.
Andrews shitting the fuck out the bed tonight.
Fuck you Andrews. This is why you’re not on Kittle or Kelce’s level.
You have to catch that. There's no excuse when you get both hands in it in the nfl
They need to go for it.
I'd appreciate if the announcers would quit crushing on mahomes everytime the ravens actually do something good.
Andrews chokes every primetime game
Field goals aren't going to win this. Go for it.
CATCH THE FUCKING BALL ANDREWS
FUCK IT GO FOR IT
This isn’t Andrews night
Wtf andrews
A MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE 4th
what the FUCK is going on with mandrews that's his 3rd drop TONIGHT
You’re trash mark.
why do we forget how to catch in big games?
Drop drop drop DROP DROP DROP
Wow
Told y’all to be wuiet
Levey the worst play by play guy
WHERE IS MARK ANDREWS AND WHO IS THIS IMPOSTER
TWO HANDS!!!
Damn Zeus!
ORLANDO ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Wild cat on 4th plz lol
Atleast Tucker shows up as usual
About the only player that showed up for us tonight
Hitting FGs consistently isn’t for everyone I guess 🤔
To be honest I'm glad of the false start and the safe points instead of a turnover on downs
For the sake of my sanity I’m going to imagine that we would’ve have converted there so now we get 3 points
At least one thing doesn't change: Tucker is the GOAT
this line is offensive
I think we're missing hurst quite a bit
"Wow, Andrews and Brown just look totally different this game, definitely need to develop more targets for times like this (Duvernay and Boykin come to mind)"
"when we lose, andrews dropping the pass is a very very common occurrence and it's very troubling"
What went right that series? Running the ball.  What went wrong that series? Passing the ball.
I want Mandrews back :c
Does anyone have the video of the Andrews dropped catch over the middle?
These announcers are fucking awful. They get so many names wrong and don't know wtf they're talking about
"justin ""top scored for the whole team"" tucker"
I bet $50 on this game lmao
So is Andrews the blame of the game at this point out of her just in the talk for it
"We cannot rely on our defense to keep getting stops, the chiefs are going to score more points"
Gonna get a pick here
"One thing I’m picking up on is that we aren’t threatening downfield early and that’s an issue. Confusing them on the run worked, sure, but they expect that. 

I say frighten them ***first*** with slants and sticks because some of those are bound to work and keep them on their toes. Then you can hit them with the options and PAs and screens. But w/e, we’ll be lucky to come away with a W or learn anything from this."
"Lot of game left, its going to come down to Wink"
"We need a pick 6. MP Juiceman, Marlon, anyone"
i don't know who needs to hear this (jk it's wink) WHY ARE WE PLAYING SO FAR OFF.
It’s reassuring that the defense still can’t cover
Does MP understand we’re playing a football game?
Juice man has spilled his OJ
"This fucking sucks. Lamar shits the bed, Mahomes does outstanding. MAndrews really shits the bed, Kelce looks great."
Is Peter's unable to cover a reciever closer than 10 yards?
Insert Always Sunny From Philadelphia conspiracy meme
Tyus Bowser dropping straight to his knees like this is peewee. Dude cannot tackle in this league.
Queen is finally looking like a true rookie
Press coverage plz
👀
Way to go D!
#YUUUUGE STOP
DEFENSE IS FUCKING BACK BABY
YES
"the occasional game like this where andrews cant catch for shit just completely dismantles the offense beyond repair

he's far too important to do this"
Let's go
Now THAT is some defense! Lets gooooooooo
LETS FFFCCKINNN GOOOO!!! GET THAT TOUCHDOWN O
There we go Defense!!!
Nice 4th down stuff
Thats huge we have a chancem
Please offense do something with it.
"Also, I take back questioning their decision not to go for it. I'm so flustered and cranky right now, like you wouldn't believe xD"
"Alright, now just dont throw to Andrews."
"This is their opportunity to get back in this.  Get 7, and its a one possession game"
"Wheres my purple dick guy? 

#GET READY"
"JUST SCORE, GODDAMMIT, JUST SCORE"
WOLFIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Could you imagine?
"Need a td, nothing else."
The off-season acquisitions of Campbell and Wolfe came up huge on that 4th down stop!
"Here we go two TD’s Lamar,two. Time for the boys to make up for all the drops and misses."
At least something is going right right now
"Was looking for LJ Fort a few min ago, glad we had him in. He makes plays. Gotta have veteran presence out there"
"I am asking this genuinely, why do you guys think our guys can't catch in big games?   Is it nerves?   It's just strange."
"Chiefs shouldve passed on 3rd and 4th and short, our run D looks fine but we cant stop the pass at all"
ANDREWS BETTER MAKE UP FOR IT NOW
"If Andrews could catch, this would be a very different game right now."
these roll outs just shorten the field if you throw throw from the pocket
tackled him up high but alright.
RUN THE BUS!!
GUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GUS THE BUS
GUSSSSSS
GUS THE MOTHERFUCKING BUS
GUSBUS LETS GO!!!
God I love gus
KEEP GIVING IT TO GUS
It's kind of crazy to think that it'll only be a one score game if they TD here
#THANK YOU GUS
YOU CAN'T STOP THE BUS
THE GUS BUS BABY
Keep feeding the bus!
i'm literally going to ask gus edwards to marry me.
**GUS BUS WOO WOO**
THA WHEELS ON THA BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
GUS BUSSSSS
GUSSS THE BUSSSSSSS
Up the tempo man we gotta score before the 4th
Oh my god running works???
Anyone peep Lamar with that basketball hesitation move? 👀
Please get a TD
GUS BUS
If only we ran the ball in the first half
GUSSSS
GUS THE BUSSSS
"RUN THE DAMN BALL  
KEEP DOING IT"
For real **PAY GUS EDWARDS** we gotta go power run as a our #1
BEEP BEEP
it just feels like too much to ask for two stops in a row. but we got ourselves into this mess.
Gus is the best pure runner we have
I love football so much but it makes me a glass case of emotions!!!
HAND IT TO GUS BUS NEXT PLAY HE IS THE REASON WE'RE IN THIS
BOYLE THANK YOU
WE GOT A GAME
TOUCHDOWN RAVENS!!!!
We never went away bitch
Boyle...let's fucking go
were in this game.  One stop
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO
Boyle SNATCHIN that ball
TES CAN CATCH A PASS?!? SINCE WHEN WAS THIS ALLOWED
GREAT catch by Boyle!!!
Nick Boyle is new best friend
oh my gosh! :O
MY MAN BOYLE!!
Well mutha flocka
Boyle lol
Ayy UD represent
IM FUCKING JUMPING
"STEP UP DEFENSE  
PLEASE"
Come on defense. We need a huge play.
it would be fucking Boyle hahahahaha yes my mayne
mahomes is good but honestly i’m different
WOOOOO (Ric Flair voice)!!!
*deep breath*
"That's what you like to fucking see, a bit of fight after showing none of that in the first half"
Get ready to show the D!  No wait... STOP THE BALL!
"Come on defense, don’t let them break my heart again, let’s gooo!"
Defense do yo thang!
people are really acting like Andrews sucks because he dropped a ball and got to bad ones thrown to him?
let’s get 3 turnovers in a row pl0x
Mahomes ready to fuck it and chuck it. Safeties need to get on their shit
lotta time left
"Ain't nobody telling me there is no such thing as momentum: better play playcalling, better execution, suddenly passes get caught"
"Power went out in my neighborhood....but I'm loving this new life!!!! Carry on for me, Flock!!!"
Boyle showing up after that BS tripping call on him.
MORE STEAM LETS GO
Get stop plz pretty plz
Can we get the ball guy catching kickoffs on offense?
How is Watkins allowed to block before they make the catch?
Wolfe showed up to fucking play
PLEASE stop them here!
Please get a turnover D
I just want some FRUIT PUNCH homies
PLEASE. GET THE STOP
Stop here plz
Not even covered. Pathetic.
Hehehe *we’re in danger*
What the fuuuuuck smith?!?!?
That was a perfect call for that D. Not even a misplay.
Mahomes is too good to keep blitzing
Can we stop blitzing 6 people
Can we not run alongside a guy for 5 yards before tackling?
Why does chuck have to sprint across the field to get to his assignment?
Yeah maybe blitz not every single fucking down
Fucking JUDON AGAIN
Allah Akbar
"CEH is a WR, we need to start treating him like one"
We need to get a turnover ASAP
We need to stop blitzing
Mahomes is something special
Basically if you're gonna blitz you gotta make the play sometimes.
God Mahomes is just too good. Like it doesn't matter what the D does he just gets off. This is so tough. I didn't expect a win tonight
"oh my god, Bowser was a half a step late

god damn it"
"Man we had him there

A step too slow..."
"Once again, what is this bullshit play calling???"
"I'd love a turnover, but could we please get a sack?"
"Ravens defense and near sacks, name a more iconic duo"
Come on defense!!!
So just zero Ravens on that side of the field? Cool
Our QB contain is non existant
He was staring at Averette that entire play lol. Good d
stop blitzing
Fuck
This fucking defensive line is getting abused
Marlon Humphries
Play zone god damn it.
aaaAAAAH
"All i see is green, no pass rush at all"
Didn't even pretend to contain him.
"I love this defense but Wink is a fucking bum the way he calls plays against this team, every fucking time."
I dont wanna see one more fucking blitz this entire game jesus christ.
"I just want this bitch to get sacked one fuckin time, man!!"
One dimensional defense. I saw that outcome 2 minutes ago
They just eating up clock.
Worst 3rd down d calls I’ve ever seen!!!!’nn
He keeps getting these little jogs for a first wtf
"Holy fucking shit, stop fucking blitzing!"
At this point the chiefs could all close their eyes and get a 1st down on this defense.
This is some impressively bad playcalling.
Clock is running here
We need some luck
Our defense has been pathetic tonight.
How many sax we have boyzzzz? Judon poopoo!
We need a forced fumble rn
CALL HIM PAT
Pass rush non existant
NO PASS RUSH
Wide open... as always.
They’re clowning us
Embarrassing. Fuck this. Fuck this. Fuck this. Fuck this.
oh fuck me.
Are we no good at playing man defense?
You already know EDC gettin some pass rushers.
Who was fucking guarding him
Defense just got embarrassed on that drive
Fucking defense. Thanks so much
"their offensive line catching TD passes, we cooked"
They make us look terrible
they really using every trick play against us. shades of the titans last year
This commercial for Ted Lasso got me convinced that we have a soccer coach pretending to be Greg Roman right now
"The chiefs offense: screen to the TE, screens to the FB, passes to the WRS behind the sticks, passes to the TE, passes to the offensive linemen, the occasional deep pass when you’re so exhausted with defending the shit behind the sticks."
"Alright Judon we’re gonna have to take you off the line, we’re putting Boyle in instead"
Fuck getting another commercial in between kickoff and first play
Do they ever throw 5 yards beyond the los?
Reminder that it is the 4th quarter and Lamar has 62 passing yards.
Lmao Ingram was called Edwards again
Sure is a lot of discussion for a penalty on the chiefs. That shit gets called with no review for us.
Now is when he refs make up for the rest of the game when it’s too late
Terrible throw omfg
Underthrew that badly
That was a TD. Atrocious throw.
Just not a great throw.
Man I love Lamar but people are right his outside game is not good
"Now they wanna give us bullshit calls when the game is fucked. Fuck you, zebras"
Find out why Ward is a DB and not a receiver.
that should have been a pick
Passing game is weak on both ends. Lamar and the recievers.
The refs feel like they are paid to make sure the game is close
"Now that’s a bad throw, no denying it. Should have been a td"
One time a receiver gets some separation Lamar shanks it. Ouch.
People think lamars skips are show boating but they are just a way to add to a juke.
ANOTHER missed throw... Was it Hollywood's fault again?
Boykin 1 sec longer on that block bruh
Thank you for having hands Dobbins
"Hey, Andrews held on to one!"
Someone tell Roman that this is fine.
Chiefs spamming Engage Eight
Where the fuck were these hands earlier!
Hey look Andrews caught one
I really like how the Ravens are utilizing J.K. Dobbins as a receiver with those slant routes. It's something that can be built upon as the season progresses.
Jackson just got lost on that play
God our o line is so weak
HEY ANDREWS CAUGHT IT
That stinks!!!
Lamar didn’t even look to pass there
This ol is garbageeeeeee
OH FFS you cannot take that sack there
Gotta go quick
Mandrews caught one?
What if this fucking offensive line doing
this is  beyond embarrassing
"Lmao two straight sacks. Dude, it's over."
louis Riddick is in my head dude
Back to back horrible plays by Lamar
Wrong way Lamar
WTF is this playcalling. THEY BLITZED EVERY DOWN!!!!
So fucking embarrassing
what are we even doing now
JACKSON WHAT THE FUCK DUDE
Welp onto the next one
Joke
Wow. Game over
Game over
Thats the game
"Need to step up there, no scramble outside"
Well.... this has been fun
Lamar missed that throw by 5 yards
Everybody played terrible this game. Everyone.
At least they didn't get my hopes us just to let mahomes score in 2 seconds
yeah this ain't it
"We will get them next time boys, we had a little life there for a minute but to little to late"
Probably GG. Need some crazy collapse
Anyone else see that weird ass comercial?
I can at least take solace that we didn’t have any major injuries
"GOD DAMN. i picked you guys to win, as a steelers fan. frig."
We played kinda bad tonight. I'd rather take this loss now and learn from it to hopefully be better in the playoffs.
Rat bastard play calling
Let’s keep blitzing that’s worked all night long
97 fucking yards passing
Nothing worked us tonight
Can we not get a fucking stop on 3rd down.
Maybe don't go out on a fucking boat partying the whole fucking day before a game
holy shit.. pat's stats. god damn
Cracking a beer in solemn sadness. Go Ravens. See ya next week 🍻
Griese makes my ears bleed holy shit
cowardly call
I think it's time we bench Ingram. Let dobbins have some time because Ingram is doing jack shit
"We playin like hell, Lamar got jitters or something. We should be losing. But fck these refs. Theyve changed the game and sunk us more. That tripping call killed what might have been a productive early drive, and Mahomes last TD pass had the most blatant no call on a hold on B. Will I've ever seen. Making this not fun to watch. I'm fine losing to the Chiefs, but at least make it fair."
"Guys, I'm from Brazil. You understand when I say this reminds me of the 7x1?"
Honestly the defense didn’t even do that bad against these fuckers. The OFFENSE COULDNT DO SHIT
"This game felt like a Tinder fat fish. She invites you to her crib, you realize she is way heavier, and the whole time you’re contemplating if you gonna tap that or not. But you tap it anyway. And you feel so disgusted the next day."
Can I just take this commercial break to say how thrilled I am by the anti-Trump energy in here? Gives me hope that we might not go full fascist. Just please go vote!
I'm sorry but Lamar isn't in the same league as Mahomes after tonight.
Obligatory FUCK TYREEK HILL
Yump this shit is fuckin curtains topkek
lol I knew all the announcers picking us meant we'd shit the bed.
"dog i'm not american right

at first i thought wtf is this commercial

but the president of brazil was elected exactly this same way, what rhe hell??? biden is NOT socialist"
Greg Roman has to go. Now if the Chiefs score we will not have 10 more rushes this game.
Deshon is out of position every play
"I forgot how good Pat Mahomes is, there’s only so much the defense can do"
this is embarrassing
Say what you want about Flacco at least the man showed up on prime time
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Y'all need to chill out.
Whats on Netflix?
Every game Lamar has played against the Chiefs he has looked worse and worse
"Hang on a little bit longer, guys. Lamars gonna make something happen. Just hang on a bit longer"
Ok boys buckle up we got them right where we want them
LETS GO I TOLD.YALL FAIRWEATHERS TO GET OUT
"&#x200B;

Lamar Jackson has  62 Passing Yards to Mahomes  319  Passing Yards 😲😲"
Number one defense 😂
"#THEY'VE BEEN HOLDING THE WHOLE FUCKING GAME.

I've had it. Yea they called that one but that's only cuz the helmet came off. Complete bullshit calls this whole game."
"Inept passing game. If lamar throws a catchable ball there, miles has a shot at a td. If he throws a catchable to hollywood down the right sideline, td. instead, no points.

The passing game has been bad but lamar has been just as bad. Just being honest."
Safety cant even stop him from getting the first. I miss having a real safety
Sign AB. I'm not even joking.
Ok let’s put Flacco in.
"Truth time: Lamar is still not making good throws.

In addition to at least 2 1st down plays due to throwing behind, we missed 2 TDs - one was a really low and out of range lob to Andrews that he wasn't able to one hand and the other was a bonafide TD run by Brown that was thrown so far behind him, we're lucky it wasn't intercepted.

Lamar has come a long way, yes. But tonight, the passing game was horrendous, and Lamar has to own that."
"Chiefs fan 

May the best team win !!!!!"
RUN DAT BALL
Lamar proving right off the bat he’s going to exploit that defense all night
KC got away with Def PI
A little bit of pass interference is alright. Fuck off.
Awesome pitch
omfg that pitch lmaoo
Nice to see all the couch offensive coordinators coming out the woodwork
Hollywoods drop reminded me that our wideouts are shaky in big games
"Doesn't matter what the offense does, if we can't stop them in offense it's pointless."
Flag on a batted ball?
It was at his fuckinh waist are you serious
Adjustments are needed.
Is what it is. Get one back
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE DEFENSE TODAY???
Tucker GOAT
Well that settles the kicker convo...
"#hahahaha 


lol at other teams that don't have tucker"
lol goat kicker
Thought someone got a hand on it
Tucker best kicker
"Refball 

What the fuck"
This oline will be the down fall of this team
We’re down 3 against the Super Bowl champs y’all gotta chill. I’m sure there’s a good handful of trolls in here too
Why are we getting fancy too. That play to Duvernay is just dumb. Run the damn ball
Best refs? *pursed lips gif here*
All this experience and two shitty calls already.
that tripping pen was the most dogshit call ive ever seen
First drive went well but we coped out of going for it and the second drive got refballed.
We're down one score against the Chiefs.  You guys need to relax.
Idk why we abandoned the run in our first red zone trip.
I think its more impressive that Warner did it in 36 games back in the late 90s
They are seriously embarrassing us again
"Peters giveth, and Peters taketh away."
I know we have a well-regarded defense but jesus it's been weak these last 3 games. Too many weak links and liabilities are gonna cost us wins
Remember what happened last year when we got embarrassed early? We went on a great streak
I don’t care that it’s only week three. Super bowl winning teams come prepared on week 3
Newfans sweating rn
That was a great throw
Poor Hollywood thrown around like a pin ball.
This offends is looking like straight trash
Lot of drops tonight.  Not a good sign.
Drops killed us against the titans too
Even if Hollywood caught that he’s well short and about to get lit up. What’s up with the play calling I feel like harbaugh always has the worst game plans for prime time games always gets outcoached
Anyone else catch Ozzie pull his mask up when he realized the cameras were on him lmao that’s all of us in public
Offense looks like shit. Defense looks like shit. We should be getting blown out
That wasn't a hold?????
That was perfect timing fuck these refs
Not an offside but go off I guess
Jesus Christ refs CALL A FUCKING HOLD!
Fuck off Judon
I saw some holding on the line
No hold on that one I guess
Yea just let them hold
How fucking bad is this secondary today
Marcus Peters looks like the toast I left in the oven
“He does more than rush the passer” A ravens fan who doesn’t know football explaining to me why we should keep Judon.
"Refs don't call holding this year. Tj watt was held all day during texans, and nothing"
"Mahomes escapes the rush while two are holding wolfe, then the refa bail them out again with a non existent offside, then they score a TD. Gotta love the sequence"
"What is Lamar's line right now? 4 of 6 for, what, 40 yards? This Chiefs defense is not elite. Roman shitting the bed in another big game."
"This. Is. Not. A. Good. Defense.

Wake the fuck up."
Feels like Flacco era
Would be cool if we made it competitive at least
"Guys, I think the problem is we looked past the Chiefs to the big game against the Washington Footballers next week."
We fucking suck tonight lol..bad
Did we swap places with the Jets or something?
Is this what it feels like to be a Vikings fan? Good but not good enough?
Trash defense
“Oh come on guys stop being negative we are only down 2 scores to the chiefs and both sides of the ball look like hot garbage but stop being negative you’re bad fans”
[deleted]
Maybe this is why SF dumped Roman.
De costa better be on the phone with abs agent right now
Earl Thomas would have been nice right about now
Jesus fucking Christ. Bottom 5 defense. 3rd and 14. Wide open. We need a new defense.
Judon sucking per usual
Well I don't see any reason to watch the rest of this shit show.All you idiots talking this fair weather fan shit are just that. We're playing like absolute shit right now on all fronts
LMAOOOOO BUTKER STILL TRASH AT LEAST
I vote that we take all players out except the kickers and just have them see who kicks better
At least we’ve found out who the real goat is
"It’s game 3 y’all, and we’ve had our most glory as a team that played week 1 in the playoffs not as a bye team.  Perspective"
"Well... at least we know Tucker is better than Buckner.

Not that there was any question about that"
Somehow Ravens will get flagged during halftime
"Christ take a fucking knee, end this shit and don’t bother coming out again"
No pressure and LJ still misses. Ain't his night.
Andy Reid hates that Harbs got a ring first so he always brings it
"Lol, even when Lamar is able to get a clean pass, the players drop it. I wonder how he'd play with the Chief's receiving core..."
"Someone needs to start breaking shit In the locker room, whooping some ass, gettin in peoples faces"
"Fuck, it hurts to be a Ravens fan."
"Who do we want? **Ed Dickson**    
When do we want him? **Now**"
Our recievers shrink in big games man.
Reminder that they get the ball at the half. GG.
"Not even watching the game anymore, I'm just treating this as a post game thread."
everyone gonna count us out and we finally gonna be underdogs again
Im really about to just watch hockey for the second half
It’s Week 3
Lamar can’t throw when it’s these kind of games. Has to be in the system and play designs. Can’t expect him to go west coast. Oh well
The Chiefs are Christian Gray and the Ravens are Anastasia... y’all can take what you will with that one.
I want #52 and Ozzy to walk into that locker room at halftime and start calling out players and coaches!
horse collar from the middle back lmao ridiculous.
We've had some weird ass calls against us this game.
Bullshit call
Not a horsecollar. How does the NFL justify this fucking shit..
"1 good play after getting our ass handed to us for 2 straight quarters: 

https://youtu.be/Pb1eMwm7fS8"
That helps but still doesn’t feel good as it looked like the chiefs woulda scored there too
All the bandwagons went to sleep time for the real show!
Did we trade the wrong TE?!??
Can we trade back for Hurst
When it rains it pours
Offense just can't get it together.
Fucking pathetic mental edge.
Choke artists. All of them except for special teams.
Gus is out best RB.
"ANOTHER FUCKING TIME BECAUSE IT SEEMS LIKE HES LEARNING, RUN THE BALL"
Didn't Lamar just go out of bounds? How did the quarter end?
"We need a stop ASAP. KC offense is too fast and if they get another TD it's over.

Stop blitzing Mahomes, it's clearly not working. Pressure the receivers so KC can't keep tearing up field so quickly. Slow em down and get in their heads, we'll prob lose but at least this way it could be close"
Can I sub Ray Lewis in his prime for Matt Judon? Or....
This game feels like the inverse of the 2014 Patriots playoff game
Better coverage and QB spy might have done it
Chargers took kc to OT
The Tampa Bay Lightning have won the Stanley Cup.
"Teams have so much fun against us. When it matters, I feel like a punching bag"
Why can’t we use Dobbins more
Is it weird that my mind goes to ray rice everytime i see JK Dobbins wearing 27?
"Lamar is playing like a rookie, not an MVP."
Lamar getting embarrassed in big games is becoming fucking clockwork at this point
wtf was that brown???
Just when I though we hit bottom. Damn that drive was embarrassing
South Park special looks good tho
https://imgur.com/jd19Qpe
Lmao seen some asshole wanting ET3 back 😂
okay so who wants the karma in the blame of the game for saying coaching+mandrews+oline+defense
anyone want an eclair?
If KC scores a touchdown here we could be in trouble.
Games over pack it up boys /s
Chiefs fan coming in peace.  Judon wasn't offsides.  He timed that perfect.
Enough with the fake fan shit I been watching since forever this performance is PATHETIC
Mahomes just displaying why he’s the best in the league. Unreal talent.
[removed]
[deleted]
"Without their kicker's mishap and that fluke return TD, we would be 31-3. Jesus."
"Absolutely fucking pathetic.

This team is Charmin soft against any team worth a damn."
"did Lamar lose a step? I don't know. but when 2 guys are running full speed at Lamar from the time the ball is snapped i don't know what you expect to happen.

the pass pro has been subpar so far."
[deleted]
This game is already over 😔
Wonder if Belichick really did let us have that Sunday night game last year
"Legit, KC gonna win every he they want to this year. 

For sure we've made plenty of mistakes but they are also a better team, straight up, maybe the best team ever."
Damn Lamar just said something can’t win the big game if you read his lips
[deleted]
Sign AB.
Lets not insult the word rivalry... The Chiefs own us!
here come the refs
Clyde blocking downfield before Mahomes crosses the line of scrimmage. Swallow the whistle harder refs.
So much for the so called best kicker in football
LBs are a liability on this team.
"We have 7 passing yards. Refs suck, but they're not to blame for why we're losing right now."
This shit is embarrassing. Even when we weren’t a great team we always showed up for big games. Idk what happened to harbaugh but the entire team just isn’t there for them anymore.
"Guys, relax, if everyone else in the league can make a big comeback, we can to. It will be alright, it's just game 3, BREATHE Y'ALL"
"bandwagons out, positivity back in lads lets go"
Mahomes is something special!
"I have zero confidence in a Lamar Jackson lead offense to come from behind and win this. I feel bad saying that, but they have yet to do it."
Would rather take a ass whooping to them now then in the playoffs it's whatevs we got time to sharpen up boys.. hopefully they just go out and compete to win the second half
"Look these regular season games mean nothing anyways. But now at least we get to see the one thing Lamar has left to do; throw the ball every down and show he can come back from a deficit. Even if we don’t win this game, if Lamar can show capability to make a game like this close, then I will be satisfied."
"Boomer is so annoying, my god"
... okay I can see y’all didn’t like the AB idea lol
Jesus that was a bad play call he was double covered. Lucky he got the catch
" Lmao I turned the game off thinking it was over, decided that life was pain and I should tough through the blowout and now the games close. Should I turn it back off?"
Jfc Lamar Jackson is 11/22 with 62 yards. This has to be one of the worst statistical games of his career and it's against a defense that isn't that good. That's pretty concerning even with Andrews shitting the bed.
Legit we should trade for JJ Watt
Lamar is 15/28 98 yards
"I come in Peace, I still say this is a preview of the AFC Championship game. We'll see you guys again in the playoffs."
Harbaugh chocked as well
Greg Roman is shit during big games. Fire him
"This game sucks and all yeah but if you’re about to get all whiny and negative in here you’d probably fit in better in r/steelers anyway. 

Let’s not be about that here."
Lamar has looked like trash in every big game we've had.
"Fucking Greg Roman man, he's the biggest choker on this damn team"
"This game does not look competitive at all. The defense is playing soft and lost af and the offense is looking the worst they've looked all season. I was worried after last week against Houston because I really didn't think Lamar played well last week, but Houston just couldn't beat our D. This week is confirming my fear. The tackling is terrible and the offensive line play is shit. It's nothing like last season so far."
"Lamar is not throwing well, our defence cannot get a stop and Andrews cannot catch anything. 

Doesn't look like we will win this."
This is horrid. Go get em next Sunday. Jesus Christ. Hopefully this is a wake up call
Lamar has a problem showing up in big games. I got flamed for saying it after the titans game but it’s an actual issue
15-1 ain’t even that bad though frfr
i want both our offensive and defensive coordinators out please
It’s actually embarrassing that the Chargers with a rookie QB gave them a tougher game than we did with the reigning MVP
Bruh wtf is up with our defense this year
can we chill w the hot takes for one week good lord its a shit game in general. It happens
This game is on Wink and lamar
GG Ravens. May we meet again in the playoffs. I mean that sincerely.
we don’t look ready. Yet again
"Can't wait for tomorrow and all week threads whining were better than this when we are not.

**we do not have a pass rush** **we do not have good and consistent pads protection** **We play players last their prime like Ingram instead of gus edwards**

I love Harbs but this shit happens in 2012 and he had balls to make a move. Most likely because ray and ed reed noticed the shit.

We need vocal leadership not this hype bullshit 

I want a mean Ravens team not pussy tik tok hype."
[removed]
[deleted]
The Ravens are chokers. 100%
"#Fuck you Roman.

If we just ran the ball in the 1st half we wouldn't be in a hole the rest of the game. We're a running team with a weak o line, just run the damn ball and we could've had a chance."
Lamar playing like trash today
"Jesus christ, y'all suck. We can get blown out in this game and that doesn't invalidate everything about this team. We were 2-2 last year and won 12 straight. Sometimes shit goes wrong on the football field, we're not just all of a sudden some terrible football team."
[deleted]
Why are you guys in Poland and Netherlands? I have 't left the area in years lol
🐐🦙🐐
MO in the endzone
Good luck tonight Bird Bros
Nom nom nom
LLAMAA
YEA LAMAAA
OYEZ!
That boi fast!!
That hit was late af
Lamar doing his thing! I'm ready
That tackle scared the shit outta me
"LAM-AR

LAM-BORGHINI"
Lol DPI
Fumble.... JK
Wtf did I just watch?  Was that design?
Nice pitch!!
...was that actually the play design?!
Didn't think he was going to get that. Good work boys.
I love Mark....but damn I'm loving Dobbins!
Pound that rock!
god damn I picked the wrong time to quit smoking and drinking lol
"Points are points. Yah we could have gone for it, but if we don't convert that's a wasted drive."
"Here we go, shit."
YAAAAAS QUEEN
We really gonna be our own worst enemy tonight huh
Not like this refs 🤮🤮🤮🤮
what a shit hands to face call lol
Anyone else see that KC linemen on his ass on that last play?
was our defense on the field? i didn't see it
dammit we let this drive go waaaay too fast. D needs to step TF up cuz they scored way too quickly
At least buttfucker missed
ok butker
Butker > Tucker?? OMEGALUL
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"Ok, I don’t know what the over/under was, but with that D showing I hope you took the over."
Hahahaha
"Welp, this is going to be a shootout. No more conservative plays please"
We'll get that one back guys
I cannot phantom to lose to the Chiefs 3 years in a row man
need a turnover here
All we want to make up for that BS call (and the one on Hollywood) is just them to call the ACTUAL HOLDING on the chiefs. It’s all I request.
This might get ugly fast...
Chargers fan here; we're rooting for you guys! I believe in LJ
"116 combined seasons by refs, how many tripping calls were made in that span mewonders?🤔"
Holy fuck can we finish a sack!!???
Something has to change. Are there any free agent coordinators? We could use 2 /s
Ok armchair coaches tell me what we need to do rn
I think were getting exposed
This team needs to get punched in the mouth. Rather have it now than in the playoffs and they go into panic mode. Hopwfukly they can adjust and figure it out
That was dirty by judon
Our lbs and interior o line is washed.......
Well this is painful. Why does our D look so flat?
Oh geez. He’s just embarrassing our D
Queen is getting exposed
"Andy Reid is yawning on the sidelines. 

He's not even feeling challenged. Bored out of his mind."
"Calm down everyone... yeah, we look like shit, but this game is FAR from over! Gotta get the TD this drive"
#GET RID OF JUDON NOW. PLEASE.
Boy we needed that!! Now why is Moore wasting roster space?
nobody can catch today i guess
good job refs
Holding
"We getting demolished right now. Had it not been for that Duvernay return TD, this game would be a blowout."
Holding?!??
Peters looks like garbage tonight
12th man coming up huge for KC.
Oh well..refs showed their hand early but our offense is dogshit tonight.
Chiefs are to the Steelers as Lamar is to Joe. Lamar gonna get that signature 2011 1 minute drive to win the game tonight
Are the ESPN sound effects driving anyone else crazy? Who decided static was a good sound effect?
THROW THE BALL TO ANDREWS
Very bad throw
I fucking didn't get up at 2am to see that pathetic team
At least those of us that work early can get some sleep tonight lol
"And that's it boys, pack it up."
CATCH. THE. FUCKING. BALL.
Defense straight up doesn't care anymore. Frankly I don't think anyone cares. They are just going through the motions.
Humiliating lol
"Note for the future:
Stay out of the game thread when losing. See y'all in the post-game thread. Hopefully with a W. Not giving up"
Entire team minus special teams look like they spent the whole week watching reddit gifs
Cannot wait for Deshone Elliot to get cut
What a joke. This game is over. Everyone of these guys should be ashamed of themselves.
EVERY FUCKING TIME!!!
Our team... they just wasn't about this game. If we're lucky lamar will turn it on a bit and the game will be close like the last 2 lol
Playing against the team that won the fucking Superbowl and everyone is acting like we are losing to the browns
"people saying earl thomas this earl thomas that, yall act like he would of singly handedly stopped that"
I just need Lamar to ball out 2nd half. I don’t even care about the win anymore
Has lamar only made like 2 passes this game?  I don't understand what changed from last week when he was damn near flawless...
Hope coach harbough beat their ass in the locker room
"Glad this embarrassing game came this early in the season. We got work to do. 

We’re stil pretenders not contenders."
"Can we win from behind?

Lets find out."
"We abandoned the run for drives two and three which I agree was stupid and awful, but we've been forced to do so after that since the defense couldn't step up. Lamar being inaccurate, nobody getting open, drops, receivers running into each other, and the fumble killed the last few drives."
Llama Jackson
"If I were on Washington, I'd be shitting bricks. Our boys are going to be angry next week"
Last year in week 3 browns crushed us and we didn’t lose a game for the rest of the year. Admittedly this feels different because we should be a more complete team now.
"Our O-line can't protect. Lamar has accuracy problems when he isn't playing confident. Frankly accuracy isn't his strength (he has a lot of others to compensate, not a hater). You got to play to your strengths."
lets go lets belee
Ravens D coordinator makes no adjustments man. Fucking clown.
How is that a horse collar?
Nice! Now we can go 3 and out! /s (but only kinda sarcastic)
"Man, this OL is shit."
Please take Ingram out and out Dobbins in
"Yup, this is just not our night, can’t catch a break because we are just off."
Lamar needs to take control of his team and be a leader! They follow his lead and he looks dead.
i just bet you he didn't step out.
Mark NO Handrews
Bench Andrews now
I think I'm just going to take myself to bed and hope I wake up to a miracle lol
Hey. It's a 2 score game now. Buckle in.
And people complain about the cowboys being boring to watch in prime time...
Falcons fan here honestly you guys are my second team but I gotta really ask why didn’t you guys draft a wr?
Sign ab!!!
This team is the biggest pretender in the league.
Our offense is finally ticking!
Down by 14? NOW LETS TRY RUNNING IT!
Why did the clock run? He went out of bounds
First time they show ravens fans
COME ON JUDON TIME TO EAT
Who’s ready for some Fuckery now by Mahommes
"What a fucking joke. Mahomes single handedly is putting up 400+ yards on this defense. Our QB has what, 100?"
Holy fuck this is un-fucking-real already. This team would be undefeated in the CFL since they forget NFL is 4 downs instead of 3
game is over after that
Damn kc offense decided to stop fucking around and being cute. Now we can’t stop them at all. Great.
"Defense hasn't played well but it has been moreso schematic imo. Queen is one of the few that is genuinely having a bad day on that side of the ball.

I won't blame the defense for any of this, though. This is on the passing game. Point blank. Roman, lamar, receivers... those are the guys that get blame imo"
Rookie LBs gonna rookie LB
Run. The. Ball.
IT’S A FAT GUY TOUCHDOWNNN
"Bad, bad pass from Lamar. Bad."
Lamar has had just as bad of a game as he did against the Titans. Embarrassing and the trolls will be out for sure.
God....do I need to drink the rest of the bottle now. I still have a little hope left
Lamar is making Sam Darnold look good this week.
"15 free fucking yards on a drop back you are fucking kidding me right, you dont have the down field accuracy for that Lamar"
"This O-Line is a piece of shit. I can't believe we didn't address it better during the off-season (I'm sorry but Tyre is way too raw to be a starter).

Fluker hasn't done good either, but I'll give him a pass because as far as I know he's battling an injury."
I don’t think Stanley is $20m/yr good I rather draft some Oline and get some rushers
"We need to draft linemen this coming year, both sides of the ball"
Total team failure. Andrews drops 2 huge plays. Lamar not good. Coaching abysmal. Defense lost half the time. Burn the tape and reset time
It sucks to lose but we'll be back next week.
Couldn’t even get up for this game. The regular season seems so dull and empty. I can’t get excited for these game’s knowing that we could easily choke it away come playoff time
Knee. Gutless
Silver linings tonight?
REFS FUCKING US EARLY TONIGHT
Fucking defense is so ass
butker vs tucker debate OVER
Butker better than Tucker btw
Judon is playing like he wants to leave Baltimore next year
It’s gonna be a red wine and System Of A Down kind of night
Welp it’s gonna be that kinda night
One of these teams looks like real contenders this year
Judon is terrible. That is all.
Judon sure worth that franchise tag right now lol
Peters getting roasted
"KC the new Patriots, the Crown Jewels of the NFL, gonna have to beat them and the refs"
"I don't mind losing to the Chiefs because they're a good team and as someone currently living in StL, they're the team all my friends support and my #2, but damn it I don't want it to happen in a way that has refs negating our good plays with BS penalties."
Yea our safeties are absolute shit
Stupid ass gif wars too. Fuck every team I want my mean Ravens D back not this soft pussy shit
This team looks clueless smh. Off to next game.
Lamar is having just as bad of a game as he did against the Titans.
Its one bad game at the beginning of the season. We'll be aight.
Is Lamar Jackson the Clayton Kershaw of football?
Lamar Jackson.
[deleted]
Mark andrews is the biggest choker on the team
This game is just a disaster top to bottom. Tucker misses one by the end.
"We all know what’s going to happen here. We tie it up and Kermit rips our heart out of our chest. Yes, I hope this take ages poorly."
"Hey, all y’all saying the defense is terrible, what happens when the defense gets a turnover now? What about a pick six? We’re making them nervous now, and that’s part of the game so y’all dumbasses who don’t consider that at all look fuckin stupid."
O-LINE BUNS JACKSON BUNS WOW
And we expect to beat this team in arrowhead come playoff times lol
Dumbass really complaining for a flag when that would give us another shot
"Idk how this can get worse come playoffs, but I feel like it will"
Lamar is a great athlete but his throwing needs to improve. He won’t lead us to the Super Bowl with his average throwing mechanics
"Honestly, someone has to be fired or something, this was an absolute joke of a game. I get KC and Mahomes are good, and they are the better team, but this was a fucking shambles and I'm angry as hell."
This game was big because if Lamar won it would prove he can handle big games. But instead it proved he can we have time to prepare him but honestly if we keep playing like this we won’t win a playoff game.
Tackling the legs is for pussies
"Sad fans on Reddit gonna be L I T. 

Lol gg ravens fans"
one of the worst quarters of football in lamar era and only down 3 at least
Pls stop them right here man offense needs to get back to running the ball. They also need to stop calling designed runs for Lamar dudes risking the football every single time
Kelce is so much better than Andrews.
MP fucking us today
Lamar ugly af
Wow so we’re just booty. Good to know.
LJ misses another throw and we're gonna blame anyone else?
It’s the regular season . Everyone relax. Long season ahead. I’ll take a Lamar offense everyday over what we had before him.
Lamar just flat out bad tn
You guys need some receivers...
Shouldve kept ET. Locker room chemistry doesnt mean much when youre losing
Wtf is wrong with Lamar man
Jackson can’t handle the pressure
Orlando brown overrated as hell.
"The sky is falling in the 3rd game of the season. If you fake fans don't want to be here, bye. You knew we weren't going 16-0. Rather get slapped in the face now, on national TV than later. Hopefully it wakes them up"
"#Suicide prevention hotline for yall that need it 

#800-273-8255"
"Damn, y’all some fake ass fans in this thread..."
"If they score a TD before half, I promise you we will not win. Downvote the fuck out of me, I really don’t care."
"yeah this is on lamar

killer sacks back to back and lots of shit throws on this drive"
"I’ll give you this, you guys out kicked us this game. You’ll be be back."
Who fucking ready to exercise some demons?
I want the purple  pants.
Let’s goooo
The old bay is on the natty boys. You know what that means.
Booger is so annoying lol
ANXIETY IS PUMPING BOYS LETS STUNT ON THESE HOES
AH FUCK GAMETIME
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Got my “not bad for a running back” shirt. Got my Bloody Mary. Got my dog in a Ravens bandana. Let’s DO THIS.
Lets get it boys
GOOO RAVENS!!! LETS DO THIS
Lets fucking go.
First time in a long time I've legit been excited for a game
Let’s fucking GOOOOOO!
was worried I wouldnt get to watch the game this week since its on ESPN and I dont have that channel anymore but the game is also on Channel 11 so lets freaking GO RAVENS FLOCK!
Redemption round
This feels like some big MMA match
LETS GOOO!
SHOT.TIME! LETS GO BOIISSSS
Make your comment feed life easier: https://www.reddit-stream.com/r/ravens/comments/j1o2jy/9282020_week_3_game_thread_kansas_city_chiefs_at/
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
I hate that the roku is always a minute behind its ruined game threads for me lol
LETS FOOKIN GO BOYS
Lets get this bread
"I'm at work.  At the latest, I'll get out at 11pm.  I hope to tune into a game well in hand---our hand.  RAVENS"
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
The moment we've all waited for
LET'S GO BOYS AND GIRLS
Actions speak louder then words let’s do this 😈
I'm so nervous
Here we go
Woot woot!
Hold on to your butts...
LET'S GOOOOOOOOO
BIG TRUSS ON THE MOVE
Run that shit
Just run that ball.
Good shit JK!!!
Run it until they fucking stop you. Dont throw a thousand times like last year
Big Boi
That's sexy af
Just gobbling that ground right now
Shoulda run.
"I'm loving watching our offense, but I really want to see how our defense does against them. Little worried about Averret though."
I love nick Boyle
Want Lamar to alternate his cadence more.
Surprised we didn't go for it
"Ravens should go for it. Oh well, Tucker Time!"
GOAT GOAT GOAT GOAT
What kind of play is that?
Truzz in the D
"play dead before it even began :/

best kicker in league time tho"
we got the Llama running/passing and the GOAT kicking what more could we need?
easy money for Justin KICKER
how bout that pitch tho
Just run the rock.  They don't want it.
"Watching from my current home in choke central, Atlanta, and am so happy, proud and thankful this is my home team."
Hope our defense doesn't need to go through an adjustment period this week
"Not a fan of how that series ended. Two incompletes is fine but those were conservative, like we didn't want Lamar to make a mistake... Let the man cook."
Missed a huge opportunity to cease the momentum there I could have taken a shit in peace
Is YouTube TV's 2 day free trial cancelable before you have to pay $65? Lol.
Wack
Okay that run defense was sexy
Like knife through butter
This sucks so far
Defense is on its heels
We need to get Hussey fired
ughhh i kinda forgot how good kc offense was
Come on wrap the fuck up. This d is sketchy
Uh
Does anyone know any websites streaming the game?
Welp
Embarrassing
HE MISSED IT
Ooooops.
Okay I’ll take that ✌🏽
that was too easy
"Broncos/Jets on Thursday, what's the O/U going to be? 27?"
Not great by the defense but I still like the game plan.
[deleted]
"I’m not worried about the defense looking rusty on the first drive. Most defenses are, and we’re playing the super bowl champs"
This how you finish a drive
I stayed sober for this game tonight
Ravens just need to pound the ball and run play action deep passes truzz
I'm calling a MP pick this game. He almost got to the ball on that pass he gave up. He'll get there
Cool deal.
Let’s now pound the fucking rock
I hate how this ref talks.
How did Jackson find a seam there?
Refs just have a hard on giving us something so they toss the flags
Flags flags flags
Another flag...
REFS!!! FFS!!!!! BS!!!!
What the fuck
lol clearly they heard the threats in this thread to the ref's family
"the virgin face shield

the chad buff"
Jc.
What????
dawg this ref is killing us
Here comes a flag on us
Woooooow
WEAK AF
Wow just...wow
...Tripping...
two defenders just let lamar run right through 'em
Oh now were calling offensive penalties?
I saw Zeke score a TD with a guy blocking like that yesterday
Refs been chill all year then come out of the woodwork just to fuck us in the ass
Jesus christ can we not shoot ourselves in the foot? Fucking frustrating.
YEAH JON
tRIpPinG
Fuck the refs.
The refs clearly have their marching orders
COME ON REFS
Harbs going off LMAOOO
Weak
Wtf??
Fenton!  Oh jesus christ...
aaaaaaaaaaaa
This is bad
Ooh fucking boy
That was rough
We got this
Fuck Hussey
"Get a stop, get the ball back, and get back in rhythm"
Hope we get a make up call man tripping wtf man
From a 13 yard gain to 2nd and 20. Fuck that tripping call man
Lol these refs suck for all the “experience” they have
"Jesus lol, what in the world"
"Take a breath, keep pounding the ball. We just need a stop (or two)."
Fuckers can’t even tackle now
[deleted]
NFL self promoting the refs like they weren’t paid to throw the game
Elliott soft as hell
Tbh fortunate forward progress call
Elliott has to make that tackle
Bless that false start
so cringe
Lord
So cool.....
Yeesh. We're losing the chess match bad so far ...
MARLO!
Nice nice
Defense looks figured out rn ughhhh hope we can find our footing
I miss the days we used to blast the wind out of people on defense.
#HUMP PUNCH
Wow!
Just got burned by Andy Reid
Crappy defense
Good play Marlo!
Great hit!
Our defense kinda sucks
Humph punched that one out too
Stall this drive her and get points on the board next O drive and it's gonna be fine.
Peanut Humphrey
momentum shift!
Marlon punched the ball out while he blasted that guy into another dimension.
"Guys, I feel weird."
There you go Marlon
Goddam it
Mess with the Hump get the Stump. Or something like that
I don’t feel like the Chiefs are doing anything crazy our defense just looks lost
God that was a beautiful play. Gotta give Andy Reid props for that one. Damn
Bowser what in the fuck
So close Bowser 😢
"These guys can’t even get a sack, fuck"
Ah yes the classic missed sack
Our pass rush is just sad
Why is Kelce SOOOOO open!!!
Faked screen & went w/ the TE down the seam.
What’s a fucking tackle?
cant tackle and cant cover
Since last week that’s like the 5th missed sack
Yeah let's leave Travis Kelce wide tf open. Goddamn
Have to get convert pressures to sacks against this dude
"T Y U S 

B O W S E R"
"D is showing the issues that were anticipated in preseason. Pass rush is mediocre, LBs and Safety inexperience."
looks like they’re just plowing over all of our guys
"I have faith, but they are moving way too easily against us."
Bro we need stronger players who can thump and pressure mahomes
Getting outcoached
We haven't made Mahomes throw literally anything that wasn't easy or wide open.
"Good pressure again, need to get to him though"
theyre pulling out the entire fucking playbook
Can't let that go away. Fucking garbage
FUCKING GET HIM ON THE GROUND
oh my god
"i was shouting ""get his ass"" all last week, please don't make me do it this week"
We need a turnover.
Lol this is exactly what Steelers felt like playing the Patriots for like 10 straight years...
These quick shots just eating us...
This might get ugly
TAKE HIM DOWN B1TCH!
I'm going to scream
Put someone on Kelce maybe?
FINISH THE TACKLES JESUS
Oh so were playing like scrubs huh no wrapping up no sacks... got it
Defense not playing well.
I get that they have a lot of speed but we need to play more up on them
Cowards.
"Whats up guys, just tuned in, how we doing?"
B I G B O I
Finally stopped a screen
THANK YOU
Even if we win this game (it was obvious it'd be close) we really need to make a trade on a pass rusher. Usually I like the mantra of more picks but it's clear we have a major weakness and that is keeping us from being an SB caliber team. Need complete team not just overpowered offense
Still got Truzzz
Protec u our home.
Who was it that Mahomes just shook off with ease? Bowser?
2nd quarter push Lamar has had plenty of games where he lights up in a matter of two minutes!!
Too many penalties. Too few deep balls to Hollywood.
For the love of god STOP THEM
Can we PLEASE stop blitzing?
We have no answers
No
Guys are wide open smh. The coverage is way too damn loose
God damn it Peters.
CANT STOP SHIT ON THIRD DOWN
Fuck are we looking clueless
Giving them like an 8 yard cushion
We done
Why was no one within 15 yards of a receiver?
I dont think we’ve ever stopped them on a 3rd down the past 3 games
Sweet push off 😂
Oh cool. None of our backers knew their assignment on that blitz. Fantastic
What’s up with that push off
Fuck i jwu sorry ravens flock 😭 tuning in immediately!!!
push off like shit
we have absolutely abysmal pass rush
Welp
Wow peters getting smoked again
Juiceman needs some more J.U. ICE right now
"We can't get pressure. Also the problem.

We literally have not Mahomes throw anything that wasn't easy or wide open."
Need to stop em here!
Big play here
Dang.
What in gods name was that
This is so frustrating. I took work off for this.
getting screened to death
i swear to god i’m gonna lose my hair watching the ravens and maryland basketball
They're making pass plays into run plays.
Uh oh it’s the dreaded 10 point deficit
[deleted]
"Well, this is fun."
"Offense will get going.  But for all that is holy, stop playing Zone"
Queen out there looking like a true rookie
Our play calling in big games still suspect. Our defense in big games still suspect uh oh I smell another decosta rework coming
Sandra Bullock in The Blind Side enters the chat: “RUN THE DANG BALL”
Where art thou FRUIT PUNCH!?!?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
"I respect the Great play calling by Reid 

As a ravens fan I am sad rn"
Yes baby
We will be fine
LETTSSSS GOOOOOOOO
DUVERNAYYYYY
WE DIDN'T HAVE THAT LAST SEASON
AHHHHHHHGHHHHH
WTS GOOO
HOLY SHIT
LETS GOOOOOOOO
DUUUUUUUUVVVVVV
Duvvvvvvv
DUVERNAY!!!!
Lmao Butker missed the tackle
FINALLY SOMEONE DOES SOMETHING GOOD! FUCK YES
lets go boys!!!
"Ok, that changes things a bit."
LETS GO
Godamm
Something this team needs to do is learn to get punched in the mouth and fight back. It's like we are the bully that beats everyone up but once someone punches them back they don't know what to do. I hope we can rally this back!
Duvernay baby
OH MY GOD
Barry glazer commercials never disappoint
Okay then
For now....though ganna prolly order another 6
THANK GOD DDUV
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! NEVER GIVE UP!!!!!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
That'll do.
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
I am ok with that
Wow lets fucking go
DEVIN!!!!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO!!!
Reid is picking on Queen over and over
Way to fight back
DUVER-BAE
Duvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv I felt it coming I knew this would be his night I swear to god I knew I’m in tears idgaf if we win I’m happy
Uh what!?!
#YASSSSS
LEGGGGGOOOOOOO
We're bAck BOYs!
Whaaaaaaa
Duvernay is awesome
Wow
DUVERNAY ALL THE WAY!!!
Fuck yeah!
Yes!
DUV!!!!!
😎😎😎😎
DUVE!
Let's fucking goooooooooo
DUVERNAY TO THE HOUSE!!!!
THERE WE FUCKING GO!!!!
OH MY GOD WE FUCKING NEEDED THAT FUCK YES
"Aye, back in it. Momentum swing."
MORE TOUCHES FOR DUUUUUVVVVVV
DUVVVVVVVVV
Holy fuck!
WOOOO SPECIAL TRAMS
SCOOOOOOP
DDDDDUUUUUU VVVVVV
DEVIIIIIIIIINNNN
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LETS GOOOO
"Theres nothing I hate more than teams that completely blow out bad teams with needless points overkilling the score, only for then to play like utter crap once they play an actual good team."
Oh MAAAB
LETS FUCKING GO
JUST WHAT WE NEEDED
I am speed
*awaiting the inevitable BS flag that reverses the TD*
Butker is playing terribly tonight
That was the fire we needed. Hopefully the D will pick up
Good ol Justin kicker
i’m gonna go sicko mode
Hopefully that lights a fire under the defense
LFG
Great now the d doesn't rest fuck lol but redemption from duvernay
"Let's goooo


D gonna be tired as fuck though"
Lol Justin Kicker
THE RETURN OF JUSTIN KICKER
Please let that serve as a wake up call to the rest of the team
Yeeeeee
Let's go defense!!!!
I know it won't be easy against the Chiefs but Ravens needs to tighten up that defense!
"Hopefully that lit a fire under the defenses ass, get a stop or turnover on this series and we're in business"
"Love the smile, hope we keep Duv for a while"
That’s it pump that energy into the Defense veins
Duve was lightning quick there
The former Special Teams coordinator is showing off for his old head coach
Now we gotta stop Mahomes fuck me
"Runs the field, has to get back on the field to cover the kickoff.

Welcome to the league Devin."
That run just saved this game. Hopefully we can turn it around and get it together
Alright now let’s let the defense redeem itself here
ALL RIGHT D. TIME FOR SOME ACTION
Momentum shift!
[deleted]
"Come on D, do a thing"
Justin ‘Kicker’ Tucker
Need the D fired up now.
Fire it up DEFENSE!!!
Have these black bars on the ESPN broadcast always been there? I just noticed them
My dude rockin the invisaligns
"LETS GOOOO, BUILD SOME ENERGY"
I wouldnt bother run
At least the run defense has been good for the most part
ok take a break now
Ayyyy we got a stop!
The nfl apps anti airplay assfuck software made me buy sling tv. one of yas remind me to cancel this shit on Thursday pls. GO RAVENS - niner fan
Finally we make a damn stop
Finally
Averett count. 1.
Nice little return might have gotten a little more if he stayed to the outside
Momentum swing motherfucker
Queen sidelined on 3rd down?
LETS GO 🦙
Time for a good drive.
Let’s fucking GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"Noticed Averett on Hardman a good amount this game, which amused me because the only good quality either of them has is 4.3 speed"
"Anyone else get annoyed that because Edwards-Helaire's name is so long, the stitching on his nameplate makes it look more yellow than the rest of the Chiefs players?"
"Alright, big stop by the D so we need Lamar to play his usual game and be his MVP self!"
Man idk why were not pounding the ball
OMAR COMIN
"Alright, they finally got that fucking play out of their system."
"Also please run it, don’t deviate from ur identity"
"I figured out the gameplan, guys. Chiefs can't win unless by a ""come from behind"" victory. We are intentionally staying behind so that doesn't happen. It's so obvious!"
Okokokok switching from black llama jersey to black hollywood
Ravens PLEASE RUN THE BALL
Damn on the hands again
Andrews gotta catch that man
AAAhhhhhh!
Please run
In his hands...should've had that one.
live shot of a goat
"These drops, tho"
Offense picked a bad time to look like shit
Gotta catch it. That was a good play
Offense just looks out of sync
What the fuck 3/4 routes short of the sticks
Drops what the fuck.
Where's our running game?
cmon make that catch
"Damn, the Broncos coach preaches ""death by inches"" no, that was death by inches, we're death by miles up here right now"
"Wait I had a bathroom break, how'd we get the ball back?"
What the fuck are these play calls man
Why are we passing so much?
man this is gonna be a long game.
Quise dropped that before he even got hit. What is going on with our guys' hands
Nothing outside the numbers
Why do our pass catchers have more drops in big games? Can they not take the pressure?
Andrews has to catch that
run the damn ball. play your game
Why you no run?
What are we the Eagles? CALL A RUN ONCE IN A WHILE
Lamar really stretching that field.......good play calling too!
Wtf is this play calling?
I need a fucking drink
this commercial sucks
"Offense pathetic right now. That's now two third downs where Lamar threw it to someone who had no fucking shot. If it's because they tend to pressure on third, fine -- we need to adjust and call more than one blitz-beating route."
Not liking this play calling.
I feel like the ST are going to be our difference makers this game.
such a joke
STOP GOING FOR THE STRIP AND TACKLE
They are so fucking open holy shit. I could catch a god damn pass out there . There’s no pressure at all on Wrs to get open
Roman can’t call a passing offense to save his life
This is bull
No defense yet again
Kelsey is dicking us hard
10 yard cushions?
7 pass yards? Yeah we need to run
a TD here really puts this game out of our CURRENT playcalling's range
Finally some press coverage
Gotta get pash rush
How?
how was 72 not holding there? he literally hugged his fucking helmet
Jfc LMAOOOO
Get a stop here
"They need to let Lamar run, they're making him stay in the pocket too much"
Hump got powned
Jesus our linebacking core is being exposed.
Great play by Ellis just clogging the lane and realizing he can't outmaneuver Mahomes
7 passing yards is not much.
Defense getting chewed. Hope they’re embarrassed
That was a travel. Fucking mahomes man
 what is this game
"Go kill him Ellis, tf are you slowing down before he even gets rid of the ball"
We gonna get anywhere near Mahomes or nah?
Peters kinda getting cooked 👀👀👀
HOLDINGGGG????
DEFENSE CANT PLAY FOR SHIT RIGHT NOW
How the fuck was Brandon Williams the only person rushing just then
Jesus christ this is frustrating to watch
I can’t wait for someone to overpay for Judon I feel bad for them
Holding just doesn’t exist anymore?
Defense is gassed already.
"#ZONE DEFENSE ISN'T WORKING!! 

seriously wtf is with these decisions"
"Just wow, like really. What are we doing?"
When is someone going to cover Kelce?
how many fucking holds are going to go by without a fucking call?
HOLD ON WOLFE WTF
I’d our edges can’t get to Mahomes in 4 seconds we’re cooked
wolfe got fucking mugged by 2 linemen
GET EM
Yeah let's rush marlon and Clark and drop kudon and bowser
"Yo the D needs to hit Mahomes, shake him up a little.

We're not gonna do shit if he gets to just hang out all night"
For some reason Hump was in the backfield and Judon was downfield. Great
This is some bullshit
I honestly wouldn’t be surprised to see a repeat by Mahomes this year
Wtf man
Are they oiled up? I have seen a single good tackle.
WTF is Roman doing tn??
Patrick Mahomes is quickly working his way up my shit list.
"Why are the chiefs wasting time throwing screens and running? Our pass rush is awful, should run only 7 step drops"
We have to stop putting fucking linebackers in coverage do we not remember how mahomes has beat us the last 2 years???
Offsides judon
Smh
That's offsides on Judon
We're playing so fucking sloppy...
Here comes offsides
Of course Judon
Of course it’s Judon
Uh wtf is this tackling
Shouldve traded for ngakoue. Judon garbage
#HOLY SHIT GET RID OF JUDON PLEASE!!
Fuck Judon. Don’t resign this bum
Has there been 1 flag against KC yet??
Jesus Christ
Thanks Judon 🙄
Remember when they called offensive holding?
Oh man
I AM VERY UNCHUFFED RN NOT COOL GUYS!!!
Meh that was REALLY close
It's just so so easy
Marcus Peters oh my lord
There's so much chatting going on by the defense presnap
???? excuse me ????
Lmao
Great coverage
They’re scoring at will.
"ayo, someone bring judon some taco bell or something, he aint playing right"
That was the first time I’ve heard judons name all season
"Our defense needs to wake the fuck up, NOW."
Need a long scoring drive to end the half here
Why do the Chiefs get us so good every time. Smh
[deleted]
Elite team at work. Lose tonight and win in January.
67 total offensive yards were going to need to do a littttttttle better
Come on o let’s score a touchdown
“You guys think they’ll expect us to come out passing? Nah”
If I was ever on those fans cams any lip readers would call the fcc
This is why i drink
OH YOU THOUGHT THIS WAS GOING TO BE EASY???
Wtf was that graphic
Need a td here
We are about to call 2 more runs for the rest of this game and Lamar will throw 52 times. It's been literal years since this team has been able to play from behind. Just gonna be a repeat of the last 3 losses.
"I never worry until the 4th quarter. I have seen us come back from worse than this. I have faith. It might be misplaced, but I certainly hope not."
Quicksand game. You have to play nearly perfect against these guys. We made a couple of mistakes and panicked and it’s all been downhill. We’re a kickoff return away from this being game over already.
FUCKING RUN
chiefs defense is a good bend dont break defense. Dont discount that
Jackson boutta come out and rip out a 70yd td
"Look I just want to see the offense look good at this point. One step at a time. If our offense can't do anything against their D, which is not that good, what are we doing here?"
We gotta keep running the ball it was working
Wow a run!!
Lamar’s got his shoulders down. He doesn’t have his swagger. Not a great look TBH.
Our offensive play calling has been terrible in every game I really needed us to win I love g ro but it’s starting to be a pattern. When he’s on he’s brilliant games like this though idk who’s calling the plays doesn’t even feel like we have the same oc.
PLEASE run the ball
"PLAYOFF GREG ROMAN BYCKKKKK

to abandoning the run"
"I just did a quick analysis of that kickoff return.. it looks like an I-formation running play, that broke down actually.  Really cool looking, like a massive O-line with double teams and pulls.

Duvernay's quick acceleration and change of direction allowed the improvisation to work."
What kinda shit is that
5-9 for 16 yards passing? Wtf is going on with our offense?
"Right we’ve played a bit shit here so far, pass calls are terrible, Jackson’s head is going because he’s got hella pressure thanks to Roman, but the thing that’s killed us has been the refs and that’s no lie, between the “trip” before and all them bullshit holds that arnt being called."
Chiefs D so rested it might as well be the first drive of the game
These routes are absolutely atrocious.
thank god
Not my “Sneed.”
What is it with the bootlegs all of a sudden...
"On us

Edit wow"
Roman is fucking out braining himself at this point
##JUST EXECUTE
L’Jarius Snead <Ladarius Webb
Stop throwing behind LoS
GUS FUCKING BUS RUN EVERY SINGLE PLAY
Thank you refs
:/
what the hell is going on
Now we run the dive like we were suppose to earlier when it was 0 to 0 that fucking sucks we’re calling plays based on the opposite situation where in it feels like wtf is going on
Andrews is gonna have a special day too huh? WTF guys!?
We need to run Jackson more. The brilliance of the offense is to confuse their defense
Thank Christ for that defensive flag. 😂
Like Jesus please let us move the ball.
Chiefs D is looking top 3 right now. Why are we so flat?
"Whew,, LJ looking rough so far"
Y’all see our receivers run into each other? Idiots
"Our offense looks dogshit.

So does our defense.

At least special teams is doing good so far"
Why are we always so far behind with the chiefs ffs
"They just look like crap tonight on both sides. 
Defense is soft and flat. 
Offense is dead."
Defense cant do this all night
They catch everything
We can’t stop anything they do
7 passing yards?
What is going on right now with the play calling??
"Ravens haven’t won game where they’re trailing in the first half in a very long time, it’s not looking good"
I don't know why we don't run better short passes.
This feels familiar. It’s like going back in time 5 years.
Can't miss
7. Yards.
Might as well give them the score. Fucking hell
"had him 3 yards behind the line, and he ends up gaining a yard"
Who tf is Bob Wallace?
"Yeah 7 passing yards but there was one time he didn’t get to see the field because of Duvernay (love that). I agree, he is not playing well, but let’s give him some room."
No heart
"This is straight up embarrasing, a wet paper bag would do a better job at containing the Chiefs offense, where the fuck is the fire?"
The best job in America is the Stadium crowd button presser. Make it Twitch based and  allow home Audience pick the crowd noise
This is how a flat track bully label will start to stick
Agent O
"our defense failing in critical situations again. not sure if its a coaching thing or player thing at this point. i mean, our edge rush is terrible, tackles are wet noodle armed, and we are giving mahomes free targets."
I mean. They score a TD here it’s just going to be a nightmare.
switched from the hollywood to the marlo jersey. when he makes a play here thank me
"I’m being petty but if we had fans, I think this game is 16-13"
Getting slaughtered in everything right now
Please get a takeaway
Honestly did anyone here expect differently
rush 4 cover more
Desperately need a stop
Jesus fuck
WHAT A FUCKING DISGRACE
Judon got his ass handed to him again. SURPRISE
Shit
Fucking embarrassing
Lol
who?!?!?!
FIRE MARTINDALE
Yuck
Yoooooooo
jesus christ
Everytime Mahomes throws deep I expect a TD. So that was a relief.
Pain
"I got in, turned on my TV and that’s the first thing I saw."
LOL.
Well at least I can go watch Florida and Texas play for the Stanley Cup
Fuck me in the ass
I’m not worried about the score still definitely within reach but god dam we look like trash excluding that first drive
"i once said,  it aint over till its over. nah its over pack it up boys"
Wow
Unbelievable bro
Game over :(
That kills. Need a big play here.
How do you get burnt like that!
Yikes.
Elliot's time I guess
Nobody on that defence is on the same page tonight. They don't know who got who and where they are going lol
Absolute garbage
Fucking kill me. End my life right the fuck now
"Dale & Greg stand up, GTFO."
Juiceman guessed & he guessed wrong. Damn
Embarrassing.
"Why Marlon, why"
this blitz really isn't working
"Welp, I'm done. Y'all have a good night."
 Elliott got absolutely smoked
I'm done.
Well this is where Earl Thomas would've helped... Too bad he's an asshole.
FUCKING BULLSHIT
WHy the fuck is Humphrey blitzing on 3rd and 14 wtf is that call.
If they score again I might have to just leave
"On the positive, this will sit the bandwagoners doen"
"better run, eh  guys? that'll win the day!"
I would say that play makes it a game. I didn't know who would win but I expected a way better game than this.
Safety play is trash
"Can't even blame the refs this time, our defense is playing bad tonight"
Goddamnit Elliot
Maybe this is a good time to see if there any teams that are willing to trade for a safety. Glaring hole. Elliot isn’t a starter. Fuck.
https://i.imgflip.com/3l4p1k.png
Offense shut out.
Must be nice to have competent receivers.
"These blitzes are working great, glad they keep calling them"
That’s twice we’ve been burned while blitzing our best cover corner.   Our only stop came when we kept our D simple and just concentrated on the basics.
Deshon aint working out... sucks
"Yall realize this happens in every big game   now, right?"
"We struggle to get pressure with our front , so we tend to blitz a lot. However, we struggle to get home even while blitzing.

Against Mahomes, nah lol"
Points on the board here if there’s any hope of a comeback
And now it’s going to be hard to run a lot since we are down so much. This isn’t good.
Just doubled our passing yards there. Lol
Mahomes is very likely to be the greatest of all time.  It’s a sad reality that this guy could dominate the entire AFC for 10+ years.  Gonna take a lot of fun away from this fan base...
ELLIOT IS ASS
Quick TD right hearah
Duvernay and Tucker are the only ones who deserve to be on this team tn
We just fold against this team. Unreal
"I’ll see you all next week, blame of game, everyone."
Wow a first down!
"Pats fan here,  trying to feel out what to expect from KC next week. Is your defense struggling or is Mahomes as good as the commentators are trying to make it seem right now?"
I NEED A LAMAR TD RN PLEASE
"Oh, now we have urgency."
This could be extremely positive thinking but KC has won games when down big. Maybe this is their karma? Hopefully I'm right
God dammit
Lol
LOL
There we go wake the fuck up
Wow
Fuck me
"That play was not a mistake by Elliott, it was Peters bailing out thinking he was gonna jump the cross."
Jeez
Are you fucking kidding
Why
When it rains it pours
LMAO wtf
Holy. Bozeman just got shredded
Can’t catch a break
Thats it.
Poopie
2-1 there it is
Pathetic.
GG
Once they found out the common run routes we didn’t stand a chance
PATHETIC
When it rains it POURS!!
"Good night, all.  I hope to wake up to a win but for now I feel crappy and the game is not helping."
I'm so mad
"There are no excuses, but the game just isn't fun to watch if the refs allow such blatant holding.  As if Mahomes needs the help."
What a shit performance
Pretty disappointed in truzzman tbh. Not prepared.
If I had a nickel for every time judon got a hand on the qb but didn’t sack him.. I wouldn’t know how much I’d have because who uses change
Is myhomies 100/100 now?
i dont know what i expected
Run game has been decent this half. It's a shame we won't see it again.
You see Roman? This is what a good offense does in big games.
"I can’t even enjoy mahomes going crazy in fantasy because surprise surprise, I’m getting blown out there too"
Oh look what happens when our number one coverage corner is allowed to cover
A break thank god
Lol at least Butker is losing his battle.
Lol at least
Harrison butker has been one of the only good things for the ravens today
Sad to say we needed that miss more then a little
Well that's 4 fewer points to worry about
"Mannn, 27pts at the half. What is life"
2 tuddies and a field goal. WE good.
Bro just kneel
Lol **now** we call a timeout
Only solace in that half is at least we still have the best kicker
We have to come out strong in the second half. Only way we come back or at least make it competitive
That’s how you go into halftime!
Someone explain wtf that was
What the hell lol.
"Andy Reid just always has Harbaugh's number, completely outcoaches us every time we play"
Sad thing is they get the ball back
"lol the drops and miscues, this shit is wack"
WHY CAN NO ONE CATCH A DAMN BALL. THIS LOOKS LIKE CRABTREE SNUCK HIS WAY BACK ONTO HE TEAM
Why can’t our offense ever play against this team
Awful half. One of the worst.
Wheres snead been? He aint gonna save us though. Play calling is hot garbage
Need to start sending Humph on the blitzes. We aren't getting there with him and the trade off on not having him on the back end is killing us.
love how the replays show blocking super early on most redzone plays by the chiefs too lol
Our players look like they haven't run on this field before.
"So, something that lets you piss the bed and not have to sleep in it? What a time to be alive."
Andy Reid is making this team look like his insides
"Let's hope whatever happens this game, we fix the obvious issues with this team. Namely, the Pass Pressure and creating some type of offensive scheme to use when behind. Can't expect to always play from a lead against good teams."
"No WRs, Boo boo OL, Slow Lbs ,"
What the actual fuck am I watching. I know it’s over but shit this is terrible
If Mahomes scores here the defense has completely been lost
they keep target ring whoever queen is covering man
So.....we don't have a defense....
You literally can't defend Mahomes some plays
Lmaooo
"LETS GO, NO CHANGES"
😭😭
Beautiful lob pass. Mahomes is too good and it's bullshit we can't put any pressure on him
how's that horse collar?
That’s fucking BULLSHIT. Challenge it!
"Lol just give them more yards for free

Wait, I don’t think that’s a penalty"
Mahomes is playing on rookie difficulty jesus
This is like watching a game of madden.
WE CAN'T FUCKING WIN BECAUSE THE REFS WONT EVEN LET US FUCKING PLAY
[deleted]
"Contact at the line, down for a 4 yard gain. That’s how you lose a game"
Soft call.
Bullshit
Are we being serious right now?
Queen gettig dogged
Another bad call 😂
Y’all ready for 34-10?
Why are you even playing those crazy plays in this game? This D you can crush straight up.
the chiefs are playing with their food we look so lost its comical lmao
They are just fucking with us with all of these ridiculously creative plays. It’s like they know they can do whatever they want to beat us so their just doing schoolyard play designs
Look at that we stand still for the first second they are in our head.
#FINALLY!
FINALLY GOD DAMN
Finally!
please
THERES THAT SMASHMOUTH DEFENSE I FUCKING KNOW AND LOVE
OK IM EXCITED NOW
I forgot about Jaylon havent seen him all game.
"Ayyyyyy, let's get fucking going then!"
HELL YEAH!!!! MOMENTUM LETS GOOOO
^^^momentum?!
"PLEASE LLAMA, ROMAN"
THANK YOU JESUS
"Momentum swing, plz."
"pump some fucking energy into this team

LETS FUCKING GO CHUCK GREAT CLEAN STRIP"
The refs are fucking with us and the chiefs are just toying with our defense. Thank god we got that FR because this still isn’t looking great.
Need a TD here and 1 more TO to feel back in this
Lol great first play 😂
WHAT IS THIS FUCKING PLAY SCHEME?!?!
THROW IT DOWN THE FIELD PUSSIES
Lmao.....
what the flying fuck was Ronnie doing???????
Maybe this is why we don't get MNF games. Maybe they just know we don't show up when there is hype.
They're all over us. Gotta come up with something better than that.
Receivers getting killed
There was a receiver wide open down the field on that screen play
Nice playcall assholes
I feel like I'm watching Flacco 3 years ago...
Where is the fucking execution.
LMAO someone streaking wide open down the sideline. Of course.
That’s like the 4th time we’ve ran the option.... wtf is going on
"I like Greg Roman, but this is inexcusable"
WHY WON’T THEY RUN THE FUCKING BALL
THANK THE FREAKING LORD
We need to keep trying to find creative ways to run it.
Take those all fucking night.
Give it to gus and push for the first
Terrible
That sums up how this game has gone
Holy fuck what
Yea it’s kind of inexcusable at this point.
Wtf was that shit
WTF
"Yeah, just give those yards back... man we look terrible"
TD on this drive baby
Wow
Dreadful. Embarrassing.
Botched snaps wtf is going on
Brown not living up to our hype.
#FIRST DOWN
Hollywood that was catchable...
Alligator arms
Why is Brown going over the middle constantly? I thought he was suppose to be our deep threat?
At least that was a good shot downfield
"We need a RG, LOLB, ROLB and SCB. 

This shit never changes :/"
Hollywood can’t slow down there - put on the burners and grab that shit
DUDE HOLLYWOOD CMON
The fact that Brown couldn't get to that ball is indicative of our entire night
NICE NICE
Let's gooo baby
GUS. He’s alive
settle down and take what you're given
Demeatrice with the deadly speed.
Is dobbins alive lol
Lamar almost had that edge. Good play from him
bro use Ingram and dobbins more
This is better. Playing with some balance.
Keep running
Keep it up baby!
feed gus rn plz
No huddle 3 RB shuffle. who says no?
"This is more like it.  Chunk plays, taking shots.  Lamar looks ready to take over."
FEED THE GUS BUS
RUN THE BALL. KEEP THE GOLDEN BOY OFF THE FIELD
#THANK GOD WE'RE RUNNING IT
KEEP IT UP
How’s that for deep penetration you mfer
Bout time they ran the fucking ball.
Imagine if we did this from the start and not abandon it lol
"Please, for the love of God, just KEEP RUNNING IT."
If only we ran it to begin with.
Roman just remembered we have running backs.
WHERE ARE THE RECIEVERS
Wear their D down LJ
What a block
2018 run game vibes
Got away with a huge hold.
"Alright they're feeling themselves a little bit now, surprise surprise, pounding it"
Damn. Stanley owned his guy on that run from Lamar. Good shit.
"Follow Richard, Ingram"
"I WILL REPEAT UNTIL ROMAN LEARNS ""DO WE NOW SEE WHAT THE RUN DOES?"""
SHIT
Still don’t understand how Chiefs WRs are so open and we are having trouble getting consistent seperation
Damnit andrews!!!
Why are we taking Gus bus out!?!
WHY MARK WHY
WOW.
Who woulda that that as a run first offense we just had to run tha ball to start humming
That’s like his 3rd drop tonight
Butter hands Mark
Mark Andrews playing like he did against the seahawks last year
Andrews is trash tonight. Not sorry.
Jesus how many drops does Andrews have
I swear. CATCH THE BALL!!!! >:(
Come on wtf
"I love how not 2 min ago they where saying it’s going to be a passing game now, we remember the run game ohhh “that’s what they need to be doing”"
Mandrews is such a fucking farce lmao
"We look beautiful running the ball. 
Why does Greg Roman decide to be retarded?"
Gotta catch that
Andrews man we needed that
ANDREWS CATCH THE MOTHER FUCKING BALL
Show confidence lamar let's gooo
How did he drop that man.
any other game that's a touchdown
YARD AND HALF AND I WOULD STILL RUN IT INTO THROUGH THROAT
GO FOR IT
Damn I miss Hayden Hurst
Go for it
We need to go for this.
Kinda missing hurst this game..
Jesus Christ. You can’t put it on him better
Where is Hayden Hurst?
Just go for it
Fuck me bro. Thats like 6 drops.
Andrew's dropping everything tonight.
Tyreek hill made that play for mahomes.
ALL GAME ANDREWS BE ASHAMED
Mark Andrews ain’t it.
Pretty sure that's Andrews' fourth drop of the night...
GO FOR IT
Go for it
Dobbins you had a first if you just kept running
MANDREWS ANOTHER DROP WTF
How do you drop that Andrews! Fucking butter fingers!
Not even a question what you do here
Go for it here
"Go for it, what do we have to lose"
FALSE START ARE YOU FOR REAL
Fucking orlando brown
Dumb shit.
Wtf andrews
Alright Tucker it is then
Go fur it coach
You’re kidding
jesus fucking CHRIST
Jesus
You gotta go for it
We can't have nice things
When are we going to pay Stanley? Dude is actually consistent and comes to play every game
Tuckers 42 yards would be good from 60.
Need a stop before midfield here
What the fuckkk
thats my kicker Sadge
If you didn’t know better you’d think we were on the road with how many problems were having with the line it’s crazy
It looked good to show some life but damn man we gotta take advantage of EVERY time we get a stop.
In tucker we trust
Why tf are our receivers dropping easy balls bruh?
so sloppy
"That drive showed why we don’t win big games. We have 2 “good” offensive drives, both were run heavy. When we are in situations when we need to pass against good teams, we’re fucked. Maybe its lamar, maybe its roman, i don’t know but its a problem i don’t see going away soon."
"Fuck Greg Roman. Let Lamar call the rest of the game. ONCE AGAIN EDWARDS IS PUNISHING THE OPPOSING D, STILL WHY IS INGRAM ON THE FIELD MORE? RUN THE BALL. RUN THE BALL WITH DOBBY/BUS. RUN THE BALL WITH LAMAR. FUCK THROWING. FUCK IT."
"I mean I'd say there is a lot of time but I have 0 confidence that Mahomes won't just walk onto the field, telekinetically freeze our DBs, and have the commentators fawn over how we've never seen it before"
Onside kick.
I don’t need two heartbreaks this year pls
I’m in it to the end! COME ON AH YEEEEEEEH-HA!
Our defense just has no idea what's going on...
Mahomes can pretty much throw it wherever he wants.
Put MP at WR
defense aint communicating well at all
Why such soft coverage against these WRs? Seems like every single person is open on a 7 yard curl always
Bro thats a lot of yards.
You have to press the speedsters. They’re open because they get a running start everytime lol
Penalties are insane
"Peters was next to the safeties covering Watkins, what kinda call is that"
DBS are way confused or something and playing scared 15 yards off receivers is just not working at all.vthey are drinking and dunking down the field
[deleted]
Make Andrews and Hollywood do catching drills until there hands bleed then continue for an hour after that.
Why the fuck are we still playing so far off on coverage
Would love if our receivers would catch the ball like that
Wtf am I seeing? Are our DBs not elite with high end speed at corner? Press!!
"What. The fuck. Is this defense.

Our CBs were playing FIFTEEN YARDS OFF and the TE was obviously going to be left open during our rush."
we can't even complain about how much they're drooling over the chiefs. ravens haven't given them anything good to say.
So come back come back dump off and sprinkle in the run and that’s all they have to do. We are better then this
Where is LJ fort? Are we running some packages constantly?? We need a will and MIKE badly
Why is there 10+ yards of separation between receivers on each play JFC
"ayo mp juiceman, theres no juice with that 10 yard gap youre giving"
Holy shit
LET'S FUCKING GO.
YES!!! RAVENS!!!! D!!!!
Didn’t get it!
Turnover on downs!?!??!
"Now Mandrews, please to hold the ball"
We need a TD here.
HUGE STOP
Made it a game?
"we're afraid of the deep ball so we play off, how about we stop blitzing so we can have safeties to help"
Gotta get a TD
Whoa they held something
BELEEEEE!!!!!!
DEFENSE YES
Can we get in the dam fun box offense
WAIT HOLY FUCK IM HARD AGAIN
It looks like we may have actually made halftime adjustments. Hallelujah
Let's go man!! Turn up D
RUN THE BALLLLLLL
Let’s bring this within a score. Jesus Christ. Do something for Christ sake.
Another break?
Wolfe is a bad man
"Ok D. Now O, punch them in the fucking mouth"
Huge stop gotta score tho!
Watch the defense play lights out in the 2nd half to give us hope but the offense will keep shitting the bed just to twist the knife.
GREAT STOP. Ride this momentum to a TD and we're right back in it!
We fucking got a chance boys
Maybe try a deep shot to boykin or something...
"Let's get this, man!!!"
God we need a TD on this drive
We get a TD here and we are back in this bitch
Literally any pass probably gets them the first. lol
Turn up O!
So no more running
RUN THE DAMN BALL.
Defense being clutch but damn the consistency is still terrible
Our offense could be named Lamar and the other guys
I don’t care if that didn’t go for much but damn that was smooth
THE BUS\~!!\~\~\~\~\~\~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FUCK YES GUS
GAME ON
The GUS BUS
Gogo bus
FEED GUS ‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
THE RUN IS WORKING WHO THE FUCK WOULD OF THOUGHT!!!??
The wheels on the bus
GUS THE MF BUS EDWARDSSSSS
There ya go Gus
I will keep saying it: Gus should be our starter!
Goddammit here they go giving me hope
BUS
GUS BUS
GUS THE BUS
PAY THE BUS FARE
Muthafuckin Gus Bus. He’s been so good these past 2 weeks
Run it down their throats
HONK FUCKING ###HONK GUS BUS INCOMING
Big doyle
Keep fighting guys that’s what I want to see
There's that slippery llama
Here comes the knockout punch
Feed Gus!!
[deleted]
We still in it boyz finally playing like the team we are.
Chiefs ain’t gonna catch this Gus Bus
"Let’s go, O!  Gotta get it in here."
"When we lost Hayden, we lost the ability to go from Andrews to someone else when Andrews is off. That plain ol' sucks."
"**""BIG BOY"" BOYLE FOR SIX!!!!!**"
THERE YA GO BOYLE
Boyles got better hands than andrews
BUS + GOD BOYLE
Boyle!!! BOYLE OH BOYLE
FUCKIN FINALLY
"Yeeea THATS RIGHT, USE THE BIG BOYS"
"Well, we now have like 60 passing yards in this game...."
I literally thought that was intercepted
"Do you guys think with Mandrews diabetes, that when his blood surgar levels get off, that it affects his ability to catch?   My nephew is diabetic and when his levels are off he has little coordination, almost like he is drunk."
Back in this finally
"Big truss, you guys. LETS GO D!"
One more stop pls
Need a big stop here
Big truss woo woo
WHAT DID I TELL YALL!!! Comeback seazooon !!!!
"oh god

these armed forces commercials are so weird"
Cmon D!!!
Marcus Peters gonna come up huge on this drive. I can feel it.
Eric the enemy
Anyone see our coaches grilling our guys on the sidelines like that? I haven't.
Big stop here fellas!!!
The funny thing about KC's offensive coordinator yelling on the sidelines is how quickly his mask keeps slipping every time he utters a word.
"GET THIS STOP.  

...or not"
If the defence shits their pants here il fucking flip
Humps needs a signature of punch out!
Passing play. You know it.
Huge 3rd down
GET THE BALL BACK
"Looked like he almost fumbled there, keep at him D"
Please get a stop
Screen.
Wow wide open
Shuddered when I heard Elaire because I thought I heard Elam
Why do yall let this happen...
Lmao Mahomes just eats Winks weak ass Blitz alive. He doesn't give a shit
We need a big stop and of course they do a quick pass and get 20 yards on it
no blitz please
LJ Fort balling les go
Why are they allowed to block downfield during passes? I've seen that shit like 4 times
Stop here plz!
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Confusion in the secondary again. The inability to actually be anywhere near receivers is killing us.
Come on defense! Hold it together.
Wink with another all out blitz as if Mahomes hasn't been eating our blitz alive. At least keep 6 back
Please keep running!
"yeah, that was a really rough 2nd quarter. glad the team got their focus back. 

that said, going to be tough to come back and win this game."
This nonsense we've been doing with Judon had not worked all game. Judon if a non factor entirely.
"HOW? Argh, that’s just not fair."
"l
m
a
o"
Why they so damn open!
PAIN
Why are we blitzing constantly
Always half a second fucking late
Oh look. Burned again
Gotta hold them to a FG and offense better be ready to work fast
SON OF A BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII-
Yeah Board is in for Queen
WTF MAN. Drop Mahomes' little ass for once
Just 1 3rd down stop pls
"Why is Mahomes making so many calls at the line and calling audible while it seems like we don't call many audibles, just motions"
This is it D!  Time to make the stop!
Thank you Marlo
Hahahaha
If they blitz I’ll cry
"They are gonna get a first down here, I just feel it
Edit. Fuck me"
If you play man he'll just run lmfaooooo.
FUCKING COME ON
Well at least they're still out of Butker's range.
You've GOT to cover the outside if you pressure
3rd & 10 and I'm expecting a 17 yard completion
"Don't give up another big 3rd and long, please"
Give me a break.
"of course

yep"
These blitzes are godawful
stop. blitzing.
Come on Defense!!
There is literally no way to stop them. You have to hope they beat themselves and you can’t shoot yourself in the foot
Mahomes playing on God Mode
TD here and this game is over.
Please no td
Now they are grinding on us the way we grind on below average teams
Now they're in FG range it's turnover or bust I think
Watch the chiefs o-line. idk if our d-line isn’t performing or if their o-line is really that good
EEL-AIR COUNTER: 3
Why is Wink blitzing?????? It’s not working at all. Just gifting Mahomes easy yards every single time
ITS HEISMAN TIME
Lol dudes. We need one more stop. Turnover or 3 and out. Let’s go boys. LETS GO.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
QB contain non existent
oh ffs
If Humphrey demands Ramsey money after this performance.....
Maybe draft a decent pass rusher
What the shit
Lmfaooooo
Wow
Embarrassing
Fucking embarassing.
"We're losing this game by a touchdown. That shit is so obvious at this point, lol."
Here we stand
I hope we didn’t have a sidebar bet with /r/chiefs
Isn't that same play belichick used???
"Quick TD, and pray for a turnover"
We better get vertical quick. There’s still an outside chance at this game
Lamar is now 0-5 when trailing by 10. Clearly Roman can’t call a game when the run isn’t established. Once again our stale coordinators are gonna be our downfall
The offense and defense can't get on the same page man. When one does well the other sucks ass.
Lightning just won the cup. Fuck 2020
"If not for special teams, the score would be 38-13"
How do you not contain the edge against MaHomes? It’s basic shit like that.
we should still be able to win the next 3 weeks barring a bad loss.
I feel like they’re just playing with us
Can we buy a bus pass please?
Its kind of annoying the returner is halfway off the field before the kick goes in the end zone
EEL-AIR COUNTER: 4
Garbage time here we goooo
What happened to everyones hands today
And there's another Lamar awfully thrown pass. Has Marquise for a TD and throws it behind him.
"He had Hollywood, just gotta lead him more"
Bad throw
Lamar wtf man
Finally we get a weak call
He was open
Dammit.  Another miss by Lamar.
Poor pass 8
Another horrible pass
Another inaccurate pass that would have been a huge gain
4am. Time to go to sleep can’t believe I stayed up for this bs
"It is an absolute fucking *joke* that he makes that play, but an even bigger joke that he *has* to make it in the first place."
Dobbins makes me happy
"Refs garbage tonight. Bullshit tripping call on Boyle, paying no mind to Chiefs OL holding Judon, that nothing call."
can i give a hot hot take? give jk and gus equal carries/plays and make ingram a specialty back
Pick up the pace fellas lets go!
Where the fuck was this?
Now we have hands
Is Tyrann Mathieu out because I feel like I haven’t seen him all game
That's a flaw he still has to overcome. He was set on running there no matter what.
all out blitz take a shot for real
Wait did Andrews actually catch something?
BRO WHAT THE FUCK
Bout time
Terrible play call on that down
Where the fuck are these short rhythm passes when the game isn't already FUBAR'd?
Go for it?
Fuck this
rip
Holy fucking shit
Game
Is that on stanley? No right?
Pathetic.
Well
See ya guys next week. I’m gonna consume unhealthy amounts of unhealthy things and sulk myself to sleep.
Only thing that can save us is a pick 6
I'm embarrassed.
Thank God this game wasn't at 3am where I live at least
Thats game
I think it’s play calling behind it... but man I didn’t expect the KC Oline to work our D-line so often
Ouch
#BENCH JUDON PLEASE
Young team. Ravens are good and will only get better. It’s the Chiefs time.
Fire Greg Roman now. This is what we get from him everytime we have a big game. His career proves that he won't change either.
This is like the 2013 Manning game. Mahomes is going for 8 TDS tonight. And I hope he gets it. I hope this shitty team that walked out tonight has the label as the team that gave up the most TDS in an NFL game.
Hate me if you want but Lamar is nowhere near the level of efficiency of mahomes that’s not even taking in the account the god level tier of play calling
If you don’t like this you don’t like ravens football
Can we trade Judon at this point a 5th or 6th round pick would be worth more than his bum ass
Baltimore paper tigers
We actually look 100 times worse against teams that are relevant
Looks like Lamar is already in playoff form! Lmao
"1. Chiefs
2. Titans
3. Bills
4. MAYBE Ravens. Maybe. Steelers might be that team."
Greg roman needs to go
You all are negative as hell. THIS IS THE SB WINNING TEAM. We dont look great tonight but they are an amazing team. Stop shitting on our boys. You are good times fans and please leave
Wow Patty really dropping TDs to this fucking fatass? Embarrassing
This is the worst game of Lamar's career.
"We’ll prob make playoffs, and I won’t even be excited"
Defense can’t stop shit
Want judon gone next year
So funny.  Lions fan here.  You guys are elite and still bitch like you’re the Bengals...or the Lions for that matter.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hollywood's dropped 2 passes tonight. So much for wanting to be Montana/Rice 🙄
Fire Roman.
"Refs aren't as bad as you all make it out to be. Our offense is complete ass just like the last time we played the Chiefs, just like the last time we played the Titans."
"Lamar isn't ready, our defense is not as good as advertised, and this team has no fucking heart"
"Lamar can't hit the broad side of a barn from 5 yards away right now, and yet we're going to need him to throw 40 times in the second half."
This defense won't get us out of the wild card at this rate of play. And we were supposed to have gotten better? There's 5 whoke positions and roles we desperately need help at
We are frauds
[deleted]
u hoes forgetting what the last few years of flacco were like
Mahomes has 2x more yards against the blitz than Lamar has period.
"You know, watching the game on mute is so much better. Only so much Chiefs jerkin off I can take. Yeah we played bad, but even when we tried to make it a game again the announcers were complaining about every little mistake we made."
Welp this games over
"Soft, soft, soft, soft.

We're pretenders and flat-track bullies."
Best kicker my ass
Judon is going to be the reason we don’t win a championship....
what the fuck was that for? dump of to the LOS when we need 20 yards?!?!?!
This game feels over already
"&#x200B;

It is  okay girls. Just  need a Field Goal and Touchdown to tie the game"
Bullshit fucking call
"Defense is a fucking joke

Offense is a fucking joke.

CAN WE PLEASE START FUCKING COOKING"
Bums me out to see Judon go from Pro Bowler to this. What happened?
Peters needs to get his shit together for this second half and redeem himself with a pick
Ok we need to STOP talking shit to chiefs fans. They’re invincible. We don’t compare. Shut the fuck up.
yo anybody dissing judon hasn't watched a ravens game before
Can we throw a fucking forward pass?  Jesus cocksucking Christ with this team
Fraud team lol
ET phone home
Lmao absolutely exposed as frauds
Miss Earl Thomas
Patrick mahomes is the greatest qb of all time. I think he could pick apart the 2000 ravens. Sometimes you just gotta chalk it up to that.
"Receiver: drops a pass

Everyone: LaMaR cHoKeS iN bIg GaMeS"
Some of you all are embarrassing in here.
Andrews is horrendous
[deleted]
"Lamar looks nervous, also, Gus is the best back on the team."
So mad at this game but Mahomes got that BDE in Baltimore.
People need to calm down. Lamar isn’t god- he’s going to have bad games. He’ll learn from it and move on.
"a ""learning lesson"" lol"
I don't know how some of you guys think we can win. We are beat on every facet against them. And they're depleted. Defense can't match up. Offense definitely can't match up with Greg Roman.
I've been watching the Ravens since I returned to Maryland in 1998. It's pretty wild to our team battling it out in the regular season with another team to be basically widely acknowledged as the best team in the conference if not the whole league!
Those unis tonight look SHARP
"Hell yeah, I want to see Ingram work tonight.  That's going to be key."
"So sad we don't get any crowd tonight! They would have really supported the boys today, just like for the Pats game!"
I was really hoping for all black
Bless the knees and bring home the W boys **BIG TRUSS**
Now run it again.
Run'em down all night
WOOOOOOOOOO
That's my fucking llama
What a fucking run!
Llama speed
Lamar making it look easy!
HOLY FUCK I LOVE OUR QB!
Llama run!
That's are boi!!!!
LAMAR JACKSON
WOOOO BABY!!!!
I hope we get to see some down field plays. I felt like we were lacking those attempts last week
LAMAR!!
What a run!
AYE LAMAR
HELL yeah
Yee yee let's go boys.
Demeatrice!
That’s good but eat the clock nom nom 😋
just hyped up their d-line just to give that up immediately
MVP MVP MVP
Y’all ever see a lama sprint that fast!?
If we don't run 50 times this game we stoopid.
Andrews is lucky he didn’t get called for holding there
Ah come one Hollywood.  Gotta catch that
"Niner fan stopping by, your QB is too good stop it it's not fair"
He was way out of bounds when he got hit
Oof that was on the money
Little bit of PI there
Hollywood come on bra.
I like the rhythm of this first drive
Just casually running down the field let's go
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
great block by Andrews
I’m fine with that call as long as Marlon gets the same leeway.
The black jerseys look great like usual
So good at the mesh-point.
keeping the play alive and getting the first
BIG BOY
3 is fine. Let's get it back
plz deshone elliott and chuck clark ball out
"Nervous, nervous, nervous"
"Certainly seems like we don't trust our line to keep a clean pocket against this front, all those passing plays were roll outs"
Of course there is a flag
dafuq Jimmy come on man
And so it begins smh
Here we go 🙄
Remember when Tyreek Hill beat us with 1 leg? I remember
Remember last season when we played the Chiefs and went for the 2 point conversion three times and missed every attempt? Glad we put points on the board. Thanks Tuck!
gonna be a long night if we’re calling those
that was such a bad call cmon refs
Kelse was so open I knew he was gonna go there
Easy peasy
that lead didn't last very long
Defense had no answer
Hahahhaa
Lol butker
No more field goals
"Harrison, come outside, we need to talk..."
butker who?
Ok yeah penalty was trash but damn coach you bout to get fined
"Oh look, 0 yards on a scrimmage throw. Stop Roman this is why you were ran out of San Fran."
Dumb fucking zebras
This is some pussy ass playcalling. Throw downfield goddamn it
2 Lamar fumbles already
"what is going on with the offense, this is fucking ugly"
its gonna be one of those games
Lol trying hard to legitimize these refs reputation for some reason...
Let's go boys. We got this shit
"I'm not a negative or pessimistic person, but we may be fucked lol"
Miss the real ravens defense.
we could be winning rn
Lmfaooo
"Refs, you going to call holding?"
Literally the same bullshit as last years game. They never throw flags on KC holding EVER
Judon that was dirty
I mean we are getting some pressure on them but dam best secondary in the nfl and they getting shit on.... def gonna be an offensive shoot out
"We have to pay Ronnie, Marlon and Lamar. No way we’ll ever be able to afford a decent pass rusher"
Ball taxi 🚖
"Great pass, Andrews needs to catch that."
Damn! Andrewa and Hollywood let em through their hands today
Should've caught that one honestly. Throw was great
Imagine being in swampy humid ass Florida and having to wear a mask all day. I love Disney World but cmon
HOLY FUCK OUR DEFENSE IS FUCKIN TERRIBLE
secondary is allowing everything
3 for 3... What kind of garbage food quality is that
i’m not stressing down 10 in the 2nd but we gotta step it up. playcalling is garbage rn
Judons body really is built by taco bell I guess
"How atrocious can this team be? At this point, I’m not sure which side of the ball is playing worse."
#FINALLY A DAMN HOLDING CALL
They only called that holding cuz it was super obvious
This playcalling is terrible. Stop moving the pocket. Holy crap. The rollouts clearly aren't working.
Absolutely pathetic. This shit is painful to watch.
"I mean how are we supposed to counter the ""choker"" label?? That's what we are at this point"
Titans game all over again except instead of Henry it’s Mahomes. Offense is just completely dead and defense can’t get a stop.
They’re gonna quit you can feel it
This isn’t just Titans playoffs this is Chargers playoffs level bad
I have a feeling we’re about to find out what it’s like to be on the other side of one of these massive beatings lol
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Oh great roll the mahomes dick ride tape
Their O LINE IS HOLDING EVERY PLAY
"Our defense was swiss cheese last year with Earl against KC, and ya’ll really somehow thought we were gonna be better? And how? Seriously."
I feel like Earl  could’ve helped on that deep pass. I’m not an Earl Thomas fan but Mahomes is torching your secondary.
"It's sad to see that Peters is so far playing like he did during his last season for us, missing tackles, botching coverages. I really want the man to succeed"
What the fuck was LJ doing there??! Just dicking off around the line after that play.
No words
Fire someone
I thought his arm was moving forward.....
"Welp, I'm out boys. I'll catch the recap later. I can't watch this team play this bad"
"Lamar haters are out now, even though the defense and Greg Roman fell asleep"
"We are down 31-3 if it weren’t for a lucky few breaks . 

This is not a team that’s going far in the playoffs. At all.wake the fuck up coaches and players ."
So much for elite defense.
That kick went in...
"Fuck Greg Roman. 3 and 3 on the 8, we pass. 

Down 3 with the ball. 3 str8 passes. 

We do not have 10 rushes this half. 

Fire Greg Roman. This is ridiculous and cannot continue. It is the Tenn game all over again."
Relax those plays were more than likely just to try and get the offense some rhythm
Put me in coach!
Also FUCK ALL THESE PENALTIES. God they're playing awful.
God we are fucking sucking but the refs are making us look a lot worse rn
"EVERYONE SAYING THIS GAME IS OVER

KEEP THAT SAME ENERGY"
listen. the NFL decided that holding didn't exist tonight. can we please just use it to our advantage.
Chiefs defense looking like the greatest defense of all time
no one is happier that we're laying an egg than these announcers lol
"was that another damn flag, holy shit refs"
"Edwards needs to be our starting back, looks like age has caught up with Ingram"
Get Dobbins the the rock
Bench Andrews after 1st half whenever he performs like this
Come on. A false start...
please make this stop...
Any chance we move on from ingram and move forward with the gus bus and jk dobbins
Wait why is the clockl.moving
Why does he keep saying red area? Red zone dude!
"If anybody knows the most about Blitzing, it's Andy Reid in his Eagles days. Stop blitzing!"
there’s still hope. but even if we take the L i’m glad it was early cause it will be a wake up call
Chiefs O-line have been unstoppable. Mahomes has all day.
that's just a nice play call right there.
So pathetic lol wtf
"NO WEAPON FORGED AGAINST US SHALL PROSPER

SAY IT"
I don’t give a shit about bitching at the refs. This is their job and they can’t call a fair game. It’s clearly biased and a complete fuckery. Fuck them. I call it like I see it
At least we’re better than the browns
Let's not forget we started 2-2 last season after losing to the Chiefs and Browns
"I don't know about ya'll, but I'm ready to see more of Dobbins."
KING CRIMSON
HURRY UP WHERES THE URGENCY
Wow I'm so glad our offensive line was ready to play there /s
"Game is still not over, but man our offense has to do something differently. Those last 4 plays were just embarrassing."
Can't win 'em all. We will be back next week.
BOTH DLINE AND OLINE ARE FUCKING TRASH AGAINST ANY ATHLETIC PLAYERS.
"How long is this damn ad break, seriously"
Wait... there are 23 seconds left.
It's alright this loss only makes our win against them in the playoffs only much sweeter
We're rollovers
Maybe this will be the impetus we need for the rest of the season.
I like that we didn't try to pad any stats there at the end. Just let it be over.
Who are the weapons outside of Andrews? That’s our main issue
Every single one of you paid more income taxes than Donald Trump
This team thought they were too good for AB. lmaooo
[deleted]
Sign Earl Thomas
Outside observer here. It appears the Ravens have no ability to play when they’re down. They always play like they’re up 3 scores. They have zero chance coming back from this unless they start throwing the ball down the field. Bottom line. Don’t think they’re capable though. They’re gonna run and dink and dunk and will lose by 3 scores
Where the fuck has Calais Campbell been?
We have the worst o line in the league
"Everybody except Lamar thought it was a fucking bye week i guess

edit: okay 20 people i get it im a llama stan and had my llama goggles on"
Missing Earl and Tavon tonight
only mistake mahomes made was his wife
My enthusiasm for Football this year has died
Early in his career but Lamar is showing he can’t win big games.  He always looks terrible in a big hype game for the first 3 quarters.
"So many takes are going to come out after this game and i won't be able to combat any of them.

Josh Allen > Lamar Jackson incoming & i can't even dispute it. LJ is a RB confirmed and i'll have to nod my head in agreement. 

Feelsbadman."
💀 Lamar chokes in every big game he plays
[deleted]
Playing scared
Defense is terrible
"Can’t wait to blow this first and goal, who will it be?"
Guess the Chiefs are the Warriors and we are the Rockets
Chiefs have full control of this game regardless of the current score. Its an L but I'm not shocked about it.
Okay this game is over. See ya'll next week.
We got this!!!
Lamar is booty
"Down 17, I think this game is over, barring a miraculous comeback. Way too many mistakes and issues matching up with this team. They thrive on big plays... we can’t defend big plays over the top. They feed the TE over the middle... we can’t defend TEs. They have a mobile QB that can buy time... we don’t have a pass rush and can’t disrupt him rushing 4. It’s just a bad matchup - our defence was gassed, even after the Duvernay TD, and the offence has had no momentum. Any momentum they’ve had was killed by BS calls and our OC has called a bad game. I can’t deal with him getting away from the run in these big games. Receivers and Andrews have also played horribly. I hope Harbaugh make the necessary adjustments in the second half to bring us close."
It’s one game in Week 3 of the season. some of y’all “fans” need to chill out. it’s not the end of world. did you all actually expect us to go 16-0?
"lol how embarrassing. Does anyone think we can change things before playoffs, because I don’t."
Lamar sucks in big games
Jesus how many fucking ravens are gonna fumble . This team has no energy already and romans play calling is dog shit
Gg.
"Judon should just be released at this point, he more of negative than anything."
[deleted]
Play Washington next week so maybe Lamar will actually play good and we can meme about how he “StUnTs On ThEsE hOeS” again
"Steelers in 1st place 


We ain’t coming back, hey Humphrey where’s your fucking plane video now??"
John harbaugh did a great job getting this team ready for this game. Fucking assclown. Big game choker
"FUCK GREG ROMAN. I'M STARTING IT NOW, I'M STARTING THE ""FIRE FAT GREG ROMAN THREAD"""
I wish we still had Earl guarding the middle of the field.
The Ravens fucking suck. I can’t believe we even thought we were good this year.
Y'all give up too easy.
"Lmaoooooo bruh what a fucking joke. Romans gotta go, defense is absolutely dog shit and it doesn’t help with headass Elliot back there. Oh yeah cause we didn’t need Thomas. Fucking joke of a dogshit team"
And that’s the game...god damn this team chokes on cock against real teams
Yall miss Za'Darius now or what?! Lol
"We hate paypal

Clap clap clap clap clap

We hate paypal"
Here comes the ref ball...
"So just hypothetically, if we lose today do we accept that there's a track record of blowing big games? And if so what do you pin that on? A young, excitable team? A coaching issue?"
This is too easy smh
We can do this.
28-3...
So we just going to lose week 3 2 years in a row now?
"Jackson’s lost his head 

Edit: I agree, I don’t know why I’m
Getting downvoted here it just mutes you for 8 minutes when we’re supposed to be talking game time"
Judon sucks so fucking much God fuck him
"Our defense is honestly full of guys that have been mid to late round picks from our team that our FO always highly touts, and then they absolutely play up to their draft status in games lol"
OUT fucking COACHED.
"Hey guys, Harbaugh here, I need some help.  Tell me what I need to do."
im turning this shit off
Secondary acquisitions have made literally no difference. Might even be worse
[deleted]
Going for 3 is like kissing your sister 😡
Sign Earl Thomas
Fuck dude I’m an unfortunate Jets fan who’s in the midst of a crazy fantasy comeback. His guys are laying eggs and I have Tyreek and Andrews. Do you think Andrews is still going to get looks based upon past games or will the Ravens cut the bleeding and look elsewhere this game?
JK CANT HOLD GUS JOCKSTRAP
"Hah, eat shit Andrews. At least Boyle can catch."
"Cut Judon right now

Guy is a 2nd stringer and situational rusher at best"
td here and its gg
Lamar still hasn't one loss to a team without Mahomes.
Only thing that's good about our offense is our rushing. Nothing else. GG.
Honestly we’re still a good team that had a rough day against another fantastic team. It’s just like that sometimes
"I mean it, I want the Ravens and Chiefs to trade o-lines and receiving cores for a day..."
I forgot the Madden Curse existed...
FaIrWeAtHeR fAnS 👉👉👉
"Yo, our rookie linebackers suck ass."
Pathetic. At least knock him on his ass and take the 15 on the KO if you're Elliot lol.
"Breaks my heart to see bad defense in Baltimore. We got a bunch of pussies playing dline and pass rush. 

Plain and simple"
I'm so fucking tired of seeing Lamar buckle under pressure.
RIP Ravens. 09/10/2020 - 9/28/2020
Don’t get me wrong I fucking love Dobbins but does anyone else feel like we wasted a  pick on him when we had Ingram and Gus?
Lamar needs to come back with a new haircut. My mans looking like a human cockroach.
"Should never have gotten rid of Thomas and Carr. Spent all that money on pass rushers and still can't get to a QB

EDIT: Truth hurts doesn't it you fucking cunts"
Fair-weather fans as far as the eye can see.
Tank for Trevor
Oh lord its playoff Lamar :/
[deleted]
Judon is such a fucking liability. Better off having 10 players on the field than him giving the other team free penalty yardage
Choke. whatever
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
We ain't beating this team guys without a pass rush or Earl.
playoff Lamar
FFS why haven't we gotten rid of Judon yet
Fucking fire Greg Roman. This is infuriating. There's a reason why he doesn't survive more than 3 seasons with running QBs
Is this... the madden curse?
This team is gonna stagnate so hard lmao. What a pitiful first half
If Roman isn’t gone by halftime we done
Fire Roman
I guess the chiefs online gets to hold.  New rule?
Hollywood is not helping Lamar at all tonight. Bad hands and not fighting for the ball.
NO WEAPON FORGED AGAINST US SHALL PROSPER
"I’ll be honest, this proves that we need to sign AB. No consistent outside receiving threats"
Lamar is so fucking overrated
[deleted]
[removed]
We don’t score next drive we lose
RG3 for the 2nd half. This shit is over.
you guys be so quick to turn on your team
D has been our weakness for 3 seasons honestly
"I'm going to be travelling to Baltimore for the first time in October. What are some (fairly covid-safe) things I should check out while I'm there?

I tend to like the weird side of cities."
Fast Llama
Lamars been shovelling like no tomorrow lately
Big Boi Run
run it all day baby
Pound em until they stop you
"&#x200B;

Mark Andrews Territory     👀"
no fg's here
I also can’t stand that roll out pass shit. Lamar is top dog at reading defenses. Don’t cut the field in half for the defense
Cmon D!
Mannnn we walked down the field and stalled
Yikes
Fuck...
oh
Jc Jimmy
😐
Fuck this bullshit
What a garbage call
Rvaens Defense needs to stop Mahomes
"Lmao, pressure is on"
[deleted]
We look like we are running in slow motion
Other than that I know we will be getting a stop right here on defense
The best officials wow
"No way we are gonna win this game, I’m going to be nursing my pistol on my temple"
This defense is fucking pathetic son.
Folding like a fucking lawn chair.
we have literally never defended trick plays well - not against the pats in that AFCC or the titans last year
"I really don't want to have to turn this game off at halftime, but it's trending in that direction fast. I don't understand how a defense this talented can look like absolute shit, we're giving them whatever they want without any kind of fight."
Can y’all calm down now please
Butterfingers Andrews.
We need to take out queen and replace him with Levine
ANOTHER FUCKING HOLD
This pass rush is literally trash.
Wow they were holding Wolfe’s Jersey bad!
Chiefs offense outclassing Ravens offense in the first half. We don't match up well with this team at all.
WTF is Judon doing
Cut Judon at halftime
This is not optimal at all
Well this is embarrassing
What doesn't make sense is the fact that the Chiefs defense isn't that good. They're ranked fucking 27 against the run. We've done much better against BETTER defenses yet here we are.
How is it legal for the announcers to blow the chiefs on tv
Ugh duvernay wtf was that that was close. Stay back there
"Whoa, a flag against Kc??"
this ain’t the titans baltimore
This drive is showing promise
Officially shit
I’m pretty excited to see this team put up an amazing regular season record and then get bounced early in the playoffs for the third year in a row.
"Aside from finding a way to get overpaid, what exactly does Judon do well?"
"Gotta get a stop here and some points before the half

edit: nevermind"
Good night.
Lol
"GG, I'm going off the radar. Find me crying"
"If it was already a touchdown and you got to hit Mahomes... wish Humphrey hasn't pulled up. Make him feel that shit, lol."
I said 41-16. I meant 55-10
"I told them to hold, should’ve listened to me."
Bozeman has to sit now.
We need an oline
Wow I forgot it’s the second half..... FUUUUUCKKK
Butker gonna cost them the game lol
Fuck Greg Roman
nothing has gone our way tonight. I smell an int from Lamar
Well looks like I [jinxed Butker](https://redd.it/j1nauk)
"These dudes don't need masks, they couldn't catch covid if they tried. They can't catch shit rn"
"What a garbage first half. I had a feeling all day, I didn’t know it’d be this bad :("
Lmao none of these turds can catch?
R/catastrophicfailure
Mahomes is a complete baby. They didn't call a flag until he whined. BS. The new Patriots...
Why are we scared of running it with dobbins
Mark Andrews time to go to bench bb
Get the fuck off the field Andrews I'm sick of your shit
C'mon rook just run into the guy
Go for it???
"It sucks but Lamar has one physical guy to catch the ball and that's Andrews. Boykin is a no show, Hollywood is afraid of contact and that's basically it unless you get lifelong WR3 Willie Snead involved."
Y'all should sign that ball boy. Better catcher than Andrews
Ravens never die!
As shit as we're playing. Defense is keeping us in this man.
Boykin has been mostly a no show. Disappointment imo.
Damn Gus Edwards is always the man when we need him most.
We're gonna have to abandon the run game at some point.. there isn't enough time!
Okay I’m glad that worked out and all but why didn’t we stick to the run there? That was a DANGEROUS pass
[deleted]
Beautiful play design. God damn.
you know maybe the game plan should be don't let them get up early. maybe we wouldn't be in such a bind right now lol
He has answered every pressure
I just wish for once the defense was ready for the biggest games on the schedule.
COME ON AH YEEEEEEEH-HA!
Is Queen injured?
our defense is full of frauds
That’s sad
Imagine actually letting Dobbins play.
Holy shit a Ravens player made a catch!
Lamar has lost his head this game man
"Ah yes, take a sack with 6 minutes to go in the 4th"
Why do we wait for the end to play dobby?
All Lamar has to do is thrown that under yikes
"Never lost hope 

Ravens never die"
Why do we need 3 guys in the booth? Griese is so unnecessary
even i'm getting tired of me saying hold.
Well that was pathetic
Games over.
"Hey ho, Greg Romans gotta go"
"Oh there's Boykin, fucking waste of a roster spot."
Well Lamar did say “Truzz Trump” he’s definitely playing like a Trump fan tonight.
Game over. See you next week
[removed]
Get Queen off the field.
Touchdown let’s gooooo
[removed]
Why are we kicking?
This team can't ever fucking make me happy :(
How that’s not pass interference is beyond me.
[deleted]
On to Washington
Fuck this. Defense ain't gonna stop them. O line is one of the worst. Roman calling the worst plays.
[removed]
[removed]
4/24 and you go for it? WE HAVE JUSTIN FUCKING TUCKER MOTHERFUCKERS
"Love Lamar but If we had russ or Mahomes right now, we wouldn’t even be worried"
KC fan coming in peace! Wow you guys are the real deal! Pat had to WORK for his TD’s tonight for sure! Hopefully we don’t see YOU guys again!
Man fuck this team
Time for Lamar to step up. If he can't pass this challenge then we need to start a dialog.
"Ravens tend to look really good against bad, average, or decent teams. Problem is, against the cream of the crop, they’re kinda dogshit"
1st half is on Lamar play calling has not been great but he's gotta make a play
[deleted]
Lamar just isn't a good field general. Not lookin for the hot route when KC sends 7. Hopefully this kicks our ass into gear like the 2 Ls last year
Boykin is awful. Looks uninspired as hell and it's no surprise Lamar has no chemistry with him.
Our teams sucks. We just played bad teams.
[deleted]
[removed]
This is why you need to have fucking fans at the games. It should be deafening in the stadium but alas the team pussied out by not allowing fans
Why do we suck today?
This team is so overrated.  We’re still a playoff team but we won’t make the Super Bowl
"Poll, do we have the worst secondary in the league? They look horrible"
Not going for it? LMFAO
"Where Mark Andrews at, he washed bro not even running routes in the red zone"
GARBAGE OFFENSE
Refs know we're favored to win (though I doubt it rn) so they're tryna make it a close game with bs calls. Let's just be honest here.
We are done. Defense is softer than least year even with above average McQueen
Lmfao
peters getting exposed rn
Fucking pathetic
Throw in the bench. By the looks of how they’re playing the bench can probably do better.
"This is a repeat of the Cleveland game last year, not the Chiefs game. Now we suddenly can't stop the run. This game is as good as over."
Lmaooooo
Calling it now. We’re getting curb stomped by Washington Team next week.
Bring in Kyle Boller!
"Tbh, the Ravens usually struggle on the 3rd game of the season for some reason..."
Fuck you Andrews
Why wouldn't we go for it...
Marcus Peters is such a little bitch
BIG TRUS
Pathetic. Good job Harrison.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I was lead to believe Lamar is an MVP talent...did the Monstars steal his power?
this team is a fucking joke
**The Chiefs just built different**
[deleted]
"Feeling pretty bad rn ngl. The league is right, Lamar is overhyped and not a great QB. Can’t trust him if we fall behind, even the trolls are right. Mullens might have won this game. Foles could have won it with this stacked roster."
[removed]
"Ravens fans and bitching about the refs, name a more iconic duo.  Look guys they’re just playing better.  Right now, chiefs deserve it.  Let’s see how we respond."
[removed]
This game was over before it started. Ravens are going to win. no doubt about it
"Gg. We might be good, but we sure as hell can't beat anyone better."
It's week three! And you all act like it's the playoffs. This game really does nothing for either team this year.
They should have let earl Thomas. Elliott sucks
"Are the Ravens actually good, or have they just looked good against bad teams, but will look bad against good teams?"
"Just Lamar fantasy owner... Not believing my eyes. I need SIXTEEN points to win. Have Kelce, CEH and Lamar.

Fantasy can be so rough...

What is wrong with the Ravens tonight? Yikes."
Game
Fuck this team I miss the flacco era tbh
"What happened to yalls defense? Or just Mahomes too good?

Edit: guys I was legit curious. Don’t have to be mad at me."
[deleted]
looks like my steelers defense 😂
Choke artists dna at work
Are the Ravens actually good — at least relative to other AFC teams??
"Love the mascot, but damn does it look better covered in red white and gold."
[removed]
[deleted]
Take out your frustration on me by downvoting my comment. You're welcome.
I smell an ass whipping
"If they score another easy TD here then we might as well pack up and go home. Coaching failing us hard already. First down penalty then three straight empty sets, we've already abandoned our bread and butter for no reason."
Step into the pocket idiot
[removed]
Get rid of Hollywood’s scrawny ass and sign AB.
[deleted]
My steelers are winning the AFCN
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
something tells me raven is not ready for the big stage. need to blow it up and rebuild.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bet Earl is laughing his ass off.
[removed]
[removed]
"Somebody was looking a little sheepish and confused, #8"
So THAT’S what a QB looks like 🤔
[deleted]
"i think its time for a new coach. they have the talent, but the old school style of harb no longer works."
[removed]
Yikes.  I’m a Vikings fan and this game is a kick in the nuts.  Your boys getting exposed
[removed]
Big truzz 😂😂😂
[removed]
[removed]
""
"Idk if this was posted as hype, but it fits my sentiments during the eerily familiar, early stages of our classic, Ravens meltdown."
[deleted]
""
This is the way.
I have that same fleece blanket. It’s one of my favorite possessions.
"George Lucas may be upset that you hadn't capitalized ""The Child""; however, the only big letters I'm worried about tonight are TD."
""
She looks like she's raring to go. Great parenting!
""
"Reporting from Germany. Best kicker in the league? 

Sure as hell not the guy that just missed a PAT."
[removed]
""
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
HAHAHA AUTOMATUCK THE GOAT
TUCKER THE GOAT
What a chump!!!
literally nobody says that
[removed]
[removed]
EXTRA POINT MISSED BY BUTKER. TUCKER WINS!
"Miserable game to watch. Like, I couldn't even enjoy hating the Chiefs because they're so legitimately good and fun to watch. Just play after play of crushed hopes.

But when Butker misses a kick... well, I like when Butker misses a kick."
RESPECT THE GOAT
"Put that one in your pipe and smoke it, Tony"
Woohoo.
"Welp... I'd obviously rather have the win. Or at least be more competitive.

But at least Tucker's GOAT status is solidified vs. that Butker bullshit"
[deleted]
[removed]
Dude is playing 4D chess!
"Lol, never thought of it that way! Just glad that miss came on this week and not last when he had to kick a 50+yarder 3 times in a row to win last week"
""
You’ve been sitting on this meme all week haven’t you?
He's allowed to miss an extra point after last week 😄
Great block from him on that kickoff
[removed]
"Same here.   Good luck in your search.   Someone posted about it last week too and I think it got deleted.  

LFG!!!!!!"
Isn't it on the ravens shop
[removed]
"And can put the ball on the goal line so we can run it back! Best in the league my ass. Don’t get me wrong, he is good, but come on, it Tucker, no question."
""
He’s matching the current gametime effort
[removed]
Pass rush
"It’s the lack of pass rush, I’ve always disliked the amount of blitzes that are sent. It leaves way too many gaps and open WRs."
"Not their fault. No pass rush gives them forever to run a route.

Judon once again is a fucking ghost"
Should signed Logan Ryan when we had a the chance
Ridiculous
Peters is playing soft coverage because that's how he plays to get interceptions but that does absolutely nothing for cuts and stops
Not as bad as our o-line.  KC has great receivers but not a very good D-line.  LG is a real problem and Jackson constantly under pressure.
[removed]
"You guys Always come back, always! Lol as im typing..  .Told ya...."
But Duvernay looks GREAT
"was just texting my brother same thing,  very sloppy play.. and as I'm typing 93 yd td lol. But defense is sloppy tackling tonight"
We back in it son
Judson looks tired already and hasn’t done much. The Secondary looks lost.
Its over now Boys Harbaugh has no idea how to coach from behind and no ability to corral the team when they become unhinged. Well at least I won't be tired tomorrow morning for work like I was stressing about
[removed]
Go back to r/Browns
[removed]
That was Nastier!!!!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"Good, can we cut Chris Moore now?

Just being good in ST is not enough anymore"
[removed]
KNEW HE WAS SPECIAL WHEN WE TOOK HIM
Shot in the ass we needed right there
[removed]
"Our best teams are always strong defenses with game changing abilities on special teams. Jacoby in our last Super Bowl run,  Jermaine in the first. 

If we connect those factors of Ravens football with our new high powered offense we're going to be scary AF."
[removed]
""
This was the only guy who actually showed up tonight.
That man is fast
"One of the few bright spots tonight. Salute to Duv, Tucker, Gus."
Jacoby Jones regen
Hook ‘em!!
Must’ve had that talk with Ed Reed before the game
Dunno why I read that as David Duchovney kickoff return TD... its been a long day...
Highlight of the night for sure.
Great job sealing the right side
Try him in the slot instead of Snead
Slow ass punter
""
[removed]
For real why does Roman like to get so fucking cute
"Welcome to big game Greg 

Roman always changes up his play calling when the games get important"
Wtf man. Have we not learned anything from the titans game?
GO TO THE FUCKING GAME THREAD
Roman is shit in big games
That’s what I’m saying like wtf
Feel like Jackson’s head is gone
[removed]
[removed]
Waste of their effort IMO
[removed]
We can draft a guy in the 4th round or later to do what he’s doing.
"Yes!!!!!!

Now I don’t think on the replay that he jumped the gun as he didn’t go over until the ball was snapped BUT he hasn’t played great this tear"
Trash
Bowser has played light years ahead of Judon so far this season. Judon is goneeee. I’m sure the Jets will overpay him.
Not by us anyway. Let someone else deal with the headache.
[removed]
We are too busy watching the game to do an intellectual exercise
"""MVP"" nuff said"
Fuck the Steelers
[removed]
Honestly just drop in to coverage at this point the middle of the field is fucking clueless
"BYE Judon, didn't want to keep you anyways ✌️"
[removed]
No we just need a new OC for playoff games and vs the chiefs.
We pound the run on the first drive and then just stopped. They're forcing it to Andrews and no one is getting open for lamar
Yup
I agree 100%
[removed]
Like something epic.
"I feel like that falls on deaf ears with professionals, the team is on the hook for their paycheck whether they win or not"
"He won’t, same shit different year"
[removed]
Defense needs some help stayinf off the field 72 fucking yards on offense is embarrassing
HA this offense doesn't do that
Nearly half the yardage on 1 play. Crazy.
they’ve just been on the field the entire game and are getting gassed. Need one good drive on offense to give the d some rest
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j1pmfr)"
Lol terrible troll
Ravens fans so fake bruh
GTFOH
What a clown lol
[removed]
Ah no no no fuck fuck fuck no no AHHHH
[removed]
"because we need more depth at the 
Position, maybe need to cut young. So we can have some that can actually play"
[removed]
"The guy has played lights out every week since the trade.

The chiefs are best team in the league with the best QB.

I’ll cut him some slack."
"He’s getting absolutely torched.  And that last TD, he just looked lost"
I am not talking shit first off I am rooting for you guys rest of the season I wanna see us in the AFC championship but I tried to tell you guys before Marcus Peter's is a 50/50 defender he tries to go for the big plays instead of staying on his man we had to see it in KC as well he was getting burnt as well that was Peter's downfall he is ball hawk he isn't focused on the defender he is focused on where the ball is going and sometimes that don't pay off.
He’s been lights out since we got him. But tonight he looks like he didn’t watch one minute of film.
[removed]
[removed]
"They are rolling over, this defense looks horrid"
I retract my statement about Elliot. He has been playing very well since this game!
[deleted]
[removed]
Would be first. I am be serious it would be our first in a few years.
AND FUMBLE!!!
[removed]
Yup. Absolute garbage. Looks like the chiefs are playing against an NCAA team.
Theyre making us look like the Browns smh
[removed]
"Our QB, RB, WR, and coaches also aren’t doing us any favors"
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Not to forget Chiefs ball to start the half
Mark Andrews in Titans game form rn
"Stale play calling, no energy on defense, only brightness is ST.

It can't really get worse than it already is so hears to it getting better -_-"
"30-10

Edit:nvm lol"
One dimensional qb is one dimensional
[removed]
[removed]
This is a good measuring stick. We’re not ready for the champs yet.
[removed]
[removed]
Hell ya
[removed]
"I actually thought he looked sluggish and little to no effort besides that one play where he shouldn’t have gotten flagged. You’re right he cannot shed blocks to save his life, I hope they let him walk. I’m sure EDC won’t give him that money, Judon is the type of pass rush that excels when there’s someone a lot better on the other end. I.E. Zadarius Smith"
[removed]
You’re not the only one
I don't like anything about Judon.
He’s a average pass rusher that wants big money for benefiting from a blitz heavy scheme... smh same problem as last year we can’t generate any rush from our front four
"With the amount of bullshit calls, it’s unacceptable from a team standpoint. Could’ve given the refs more ammunition to gift another touchdown to the Chiefs.

That being said, I’m sure the whole defense is super frustrated by the refball."
"No you’re not the only one, Judon is like a damn child when he’s getting his ass beat he tries to play dirty."
[removed]
[removed]
Sucking even worse being on the Jets lol
""
[removed]
"Being abandoned because we're down multiple scores because we have no pass rush and our corners are playing awful.

Unfortunately, our pass game sucks because our offensive line is playing terrible and no one is getting open for anything but short throws."
""
:)
Heads up we all have bad games your team is still a good team just KC is finally playing like KC first two weeks were slow. But it's week 3 even if this is a loss it's not gonna be the worst thing you guys have plenty of season to adjust and dominate I hope to see our teams in the AFC Championship 🍻
[removed]
Lets get it baby!
[removed]
Bud light because my taste is as good as our play tonight... Gonna need two.
"I need some crown rn, sadly we juss got tears"
so far just drinking in sadness
Cyanide
[removed]
Earl gave up a long TD to hardman last year too.
Earl ain't fixing the problems we got in this game..
No. Shut the fuck up
Chill
lol Earl would have helped but unless he’s lining up in a three point stance and getting pressure on Mahomes we’d still be getting shit on
You trade Watkins for Hardman and it's literally the exact same thing stfu
"I partly agree, but I appreciate your journalism lol."
If you think earl would make any difference you're a fucking idiot
I miss him. But it wouldn't make a difference. You know he is smiling watching this one
So when I make a post about how we are losing and how I need encouragement because andrews forgot how to catch and out defense didn't show up it gets taken down but when you make a post about how we are losing and our defense didn't show up it didn't
""
"Judon is probably the most overrated pass rusher in the NFL

He consistently does nothing and gets stupid penalties on top of that"
"Prob get downvoted for this. Before I make my case, I believe we should be losing. We are playing like shit. Lamar is panicking, the offensive play calling is erratic, and the defense is straight up lost. But the score should not be 27-10.

That tripping call was nonsense. And it stole a 1st down and turned it into 1st and 20. It was only 6-3 at this point, that drive could have been points to either tie or pull ahead. But it wasn't.

The TD pass making it 20-10...go back and watch the center's blatant hold on B. Williams. Its horrendous. I haven't seen such an obvious missed call since the Saints got robbed out of the SB on that no PI call.

Put those together and we should still be competitive. Not winning, not how we're playing. But our shitty play combined with key ref fuckups has made this unbearable. Thanks NFL. Thanks for robbing me of enjoying the game.

We had such a good week.GIF war was on point, both teams looked good coming in. Then the refs and their advertised 118 years of officiating showed up and had to ruin it.

Oh and as I'm typing this we get called for a horsecollar that wasn't. Bc Mahomes asked for it. Wonderful."
There’s been around 20 penalties that haven’t been called on KC.
Hey look another missed hold. Shocking.
[removed]
Andy Reid and Spags are dad dicking us right now.
We're playing very average football and we're about to be back in this thing. That's a sign of a gritty football team.
"If you watched NFL news at all you know there's a narrative about how we can't come from behind and get a win. I just don't believe that. 

I think Roman has been bad at making in-game adjustments when the plan is not working. 

All the games where we played from behind we were basically getting spanked when the score was even as well. 

Fingers crossed this game is the end of that narrative."
Get out of here with this bs post
[removed]
 No one showed up to play tonight except for duvernay it seems. From Lamar to our pass rush no ones in it to win it tonight.
Dobbins is averaging more than 6ypc. He needs to be utilized more. He is looking explosive.
Such a joke.
Relax.
"Fucking embarrassment 100%, defense was halfway decent considering the offense did nothing and they played mahomes. Offense and coaching were unreal bad"
Offensive playcalling has been terrible and our line been getting worked.
Why do fans on reddit feel like they need to tweet their feelings aloud with their own post every time something doesn’t go right?
Embarrassing. How can we have a team that has a bad game
[deleted]
"Been feeling this for weeks 1+2 but it’s really showing tonight, Ingram is looking slow out there and missing reads. 

Time to roll with Dobbins and Gus Bus IMO"
"Give Gus the ball!

Maybe Ingram hasn’t recovered from last year."
"I think it's the O-line, Gus is bigger and can ram through it even if the gaps aren't there.

If they don't create good gaps for Mark, he's gonna struggle."
"Its not Ingram to me, its the Oline"
"He’s not getting many holes, Gus got two big holes and a blown assignment"
"He looks slow, and he's not bursting threw the holes. Gus has looked good, and we aren't really giving Dobbins much of a chance to run, so who knows about him. But I think Gus needs to be RB1 for a little bit."
he's old
[removed]
I actually love what I'm seeing. We're not playing very well and we're about to be within 7 of the Super Bowl Champs.
Looks like our O might finally be here too!
Not for long lol. A stop on that drive would have been nice
[deleted]
[removed]
"Mods, can this be deleted? Like come on."
""
Could be a solid Halloween costume
I want a Richard Thomas Trace Mcsorely III jersey
Tag your friends!
""
The Steelers are barely beating teams by a touchdown or less. Giants 26-16 Broncos 21-26 and Texans 21-28. Until they beat an actual good team I’ll be convinced it’s a 2 team race for the north. If that was us y’all know we would obliterate all 3 of those teams by 3 TDS atleast. Weakest 3-0 team rn
That was just gross in so many ways.
lol is that EDP?
Those some floppy tits
NSFW please
I mean... our wins are the Texans and the Browns.
what exactly are they repeating?
""
That’s highway robbery if you got Trace! Great trade for you :)
“He throws dimes”
Must be from Dundalk.
“They can’t touch my deep ball every game I’m scoring I’m your favorite QB they call me Trace McSorley”
"On Yahoo, McSorley has a big bump in pick-ups. What am I missing here?"
Que that Trace McSorley song someone made like two years ago
[deleted]
I hope we can play the whole season. I’m worried.
I honestly hope we hang like 65 points on them to show the rest of the NFL we angry after last week.
We're going to slap them stupid but it won't distract my mind of the weaknesses exposed last week
"Rise and shine, Mr. Jackson. Rise and shine."
"I expect to win handidly today, but like Cowherd said, that chiefs game left a mark. Im gonna enjoy however much of the season we have left, but Im very skeptical
About how deep of a run we can make in the playoffs."
bruh it's 12 am
"IM STAYING POSITIVE AND READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL, TIME TO RISE AND CONQUER FROM LAST WEEK BITCHES, THE FOOTBALL TEAM IS MAD WHACK, NO ELITENESS IN DC. THEY DON’T EVEN GET TO BE CONSIDERED RIVALRY EVEN THOUGH THEY’RE SO CLOSE IN GEOGRAPHY. GET READY, TOO MUCH HOTNESS INCOMING."
Let's hope today that rg3 gets to have his revenge against the football team.
I don't want to see any dancing and playing today as we feast on an inferior football team. We know we can beat bad teams. Last week would have been the game for dancing and celebration but we blew it
"Not this week 

I’m too detached."
Night homie
Yeeees sir  game day wooooooooooooooo
"Gooooood morning Ravens fans! Last week we took a L on national tv and it stung. It did. But today it's time for us to bounce back and drop some big points on the Washington Football team!! I want to see the defense continue to get after it too, cause some more turnovers and maybe get a score. Let's go!"
[deleted]
It’s not even 10:45pm here wtf
""
"We finally have our QB of the future

Oh yeah it’s Trace McSorely time 

(On a sidenote one of my friends actually thinks he should be a nfl starter simply because of all the hype.)"
Big Dick DeCosta master plan. Gonna get a 1st round pick outta this hype train.
"Can someone catch me up, I'm out of the loop?"
I don't get it.
"no way lol

Sweet Jesus it’s true lmao there’s a god"
"Somebody literally picked him up in my fantasy league last night and I was like, “WTF, did something happen I don’t know about?” Lol"
lmfaooooo i met him when i was in sixth grade and he was a freshman in hs. we grew up in the same place and funny enough a few months ago i got to do a pool wiring job ( i’m an electricians apprentice) for traces parents!!!!
"Trace McSorley becoming a meme was not on my 2020 bingo board, but I love it!!"
"Make him active on game day, you cowards."
Official
goddam this stuff is amazing
Man these sideline runs are awful lol..don't jinx us ya yutz
"Now look, I think Trace has some great potential and I think he’d be a great piece on a lot of other teams (like the Bears off of the top of my head), but I don’t think we should be starting him over Lamar. Hot take I know."
Not sure if being tik tok popular is desired but if so good for him lol
[removed]
[removed]
""
Stunt on them hoes ✊😤
Where is everyone? One loss and we pack it in? F that. Let’s go.
"i literally, and i say this with no sarcasm, did not sleep for a minute last night. I am hallucinating mildly and my kidneys feel like they are being wrung out like a washcloth. Holy fucking shit boys we need to get the beers flowing. Less than 90 minutes to kickoff LETS GOOOOO"
I wouldn't call that redemption personally.  But I'm looking forward to a win.
Football Team doesn’t know what’s about to hit them.
"Well Stanley is out for this game, so guess Lamar is gonna be running all day."
Man why do I already have butterflies....just please beat the team with no name
"If we don’t put up at least 60 to make a statement, I’m gonna be pissed! /s"
Time to bounce back! Let's go get this W!
It's time to bath in the sweet golden light of the win column once again.
"LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO

LAST YEAR WE LOST TO THE BROWNS EARLY IN THE YEAR. DOESN'T MATTER. CAME BACK AND FUCKED ERRBODY UP. FUCK EM. WE IN THIS BITCH."
Yeah let's beat Football Team!
"Nothing better than a game day!! Bold prediction of the day, Dev Duv finds the endzone for the first time today as part of the offense, and I think he can find it more than once!!"
"Just had a cup of coffee and im feeling pretty hyper rn. It's quarter past midnight here where i'm at, and with 45 mins before the game i hope i dont crash and fall asleep during the game 😭"
"Rev up them fryers, there's a football team to roast."
Time for a stomping I guess!
Lamar about to drop 60 on WFT.
Lets fucking go! Gas up the Gus Bus.
The Ravens could end another Washington QB steering career today. People with WFT say a poor Haskins performance could cause them to move away from him.
[deleted]
Stay the fuck home
Stay home.
Coronavirus
Find a stream if it isn’t on tv and watch at home
"This has been asked a surprising amount.  Milkboy is the only Ravens bar in Philly that I know of.  I personally don't recommend/condone going to bars right now since, you know, there's a pandemic, but that would be the one you're looking for"
I’ll tell you after the pandemic.
"Stay home. Philly is one of the cities you don’t want to be our bar hopping in a pandemic.
If you need a stream use sportsurge and click on link they provide. Msg me if you need help or questions with streaming."
"Nflbite.com

Stay home, watch for free"
"What are your bold predictions for the day?!

Mine are:

Lamar throws a perfect/nearly perfect passer rating. 
J.K Dobbins rushes for 100 or more yards and 2 TDS."
" Bold Prediction:

Matt Judon gets 1 Sack"
"Marcus Peters and Marlo both get a pick. One of them for 6. 

Also, I know we all want to see us get back to our bread and butter run game.... but I feel like Lamar wants to address the sub100 passing yard “can’t throw” narrative first. Which results in either Andrews showing his hands still work and Hollywood having a breakout game. 

Hoping Hollywood has a breakout similar to the Dolphins game last year"
We have 4 rushers over 80 yards of rushing... Lamar throws 4 tds
Lamar sets a career high in touchdowns. Throws for career high in yards
[deleted]
Bold prediction: Washington has less than 150 yards of total offense by the end of the game.
Boykin goes over 100 yards
"Gus the Bus rips one up the middle for a 65 yard TD. 

Snead will make a one-handed miracle in the corner of the end zone. 

Judon gets half a sack."
Washington fan I come in peace. Our team has had huge issues with mobile quarterbacks I expect the same to continue this week. If you guys stop by Run game Dwayne Haskins cannot nor will he beat you. Our only hope is that we get to Lamar Jackson early and somehow mess with his head and get him off his game. And then we have got to run the ball effectively and a lot to keep Lamar Jackson off the field
"We have 2 running plays for every passing play

^a^boy^can^dream"
""
What a dumbass. At least you get to keep him.
[removed]
"Not McSorely, he throws dimes"
"Well, it's definitely going to be a run-heavy type of day"
Concerning. Madubuike being out all this time will have an impact with how he is going to develop in this league. Especially when thrown in the middle of the season. Don’t expect him to be a big threat this year. Just saying. Wolfe has been know to be injury prone. He had arm problems before and seems like this is another reoccurrence. We will see and I hope I’m wrong.
"Just curious, what is up with madubuike? Get injured during training camp? Really want him to play, really needs it as a rookie"
Even with No Young they will have Kerrigan who is pretty good.  Luckily there secondary is bad so we should still be ok although I expect Lamar to get sacked 2-3 times today if not more.
Is it just me or has Derek wolfe not had an impact at all? I always forget he's on the team and I never see him playing on the field.
F
"https://v.redd.it/afhmluhwbjb31

Live look at Lamar running for his life during the game today."
Will be good be daaaaamn hope there back soon
[deleted]
""
"I hate to say it, but I’d definitely be fine losing to Washington if it meant super bowl

But, I also don’t rely on baseless patterns. So battle of the beltway, let’s go."
Nice to know in case we shit the bed today. I don’t think we will but always nice to have something to hang your hat on in that event.
"@Reporterroblang Correct. It was overtime. Last two times Ravens have lost in Washington — 2000 and 2012 — were in eventual Super Bowl seasons.

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Nah, no more losing also means a super bowl."
"why risk lamar health when our starting tackle is out of the game. thoughts? we can win the game without lamar, rest some rbs if you have to"
You don't rest your MVP QB 4 games in because a OL got hurt.
delete this
If you can’t play your QB1 with a player injured - then there is a massive flaw in your team.
"No, lol."
No. I don’t think we should ever bench Lamar again after the playoff game last year. Did the pat ever bench Brady?
"This is a really cocky take, ya’ll make it sound like Washington doesn’t have players. Even banged up their dline is good. Yea, we should win this but there aren’t guarantees in the NFL."
Pretty sure this is a troll question...?
NFL app said he is active now?
Not after we just got our ass kicked less than a week ago lol
It's not the 4th Quarter lol
🙄
New to football or something? Who thinks of this
""
"Just treat the hat as an unique University of Miami and Baltimore Ravens combination for Ray Lewis and Ed Reed. Then, it's a pretty cool novelty item to have."
""
Fine with me
I'm fine with this.  We'll probably franchise tag Stanley and give him a better deal next year
He’s gonna get tagged
"2 1st

2 3rds. 


Otherwise, tag him."
"Just talk to him real nice and tell him we need him, but we only have $10 left. So just look him in the face and say “you gotta stay, I only have this much monies”"
Tunsil got a stupid deal from BOB and it's going to cost us Ronnie Stanley.
"Honestly, if we could get 2 First for him (like Tunsil), I would rather have the 2 Firsts and $22MM in cap savings."
I'm confident they'll get it done and Marlon needed a contract eventually too so whatever- truzz
Did fluker get the start? Loved him as a Hawk
"Damn I would hate to lose him. Not too often we get homegrown all pro players. Hopefully we can get something done, but players dont like getting franchise tagged"
Stanley needs to stay consistently healthy before we give him a market reset on tackles.
I feel like we should tag Stanley he’s never misses more than one game and he’s always hurt! Once he’s signed long term where’s the motivation to play going to come from
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j51log)"
"I posted about this earlier this week.  He hasn't shown to be the guy so far this season (that could always change, maybe its just a scheme thing).  We have 5 players who play edge. Judon, Bowser, Ward, Ferguson, and Mcphee. Only one of those guys, Ferguson is under contract next year.  I would rather keep Bowser and Ward for less than Judon is asking for, and resupply in the draft."
"Depends how much he thinks he’s worth on the market. Schematically, Wink just isn’t putting Judon in a position to succeed(dropping him into coverage, still rushing with just him while Campbell is assigned for a driving push, etc). But this year there’s more talent on the line and Judon isn’t performing like a 17 mil pass rusher. 

Wink has to revise his schemes(which he fucking needs to, no fucking excuses for his bullshit) and Judon needs to step up even more with those changes."
We should resign ourselves to admitting that he's not worth re-signing
Yea on 5 mill
"Wow, these results are pretty lopsided. Pretty clear what EDC should do"
"Surprised that No is winning out, I thought No would be a shoe-in for sure"
"Maybe for a couple mil. Dude has so leverage, other teams know he’s a fraud"
re-sign*
Cool great post
I mean I know The Llama and the rest of them team had a bad week on Monday....but seriously! You gonna rank Josh Allen ahead of the reigning MVP?!?!
"Eh.  Josh has had a great start.  Lamar and the Ravens have had some challenges early.  Total body of work is still in Lamar's favor, but Allen's first 3 games have been terrific."
Josh Allen is playing better than Lamar through 3 weeks. It's not that surprising.
"Allen’s stock is at an all-time high while Jackson’s just took a dip. By week 8 or so, things will be more clear"
"Based on three weeks, he’s right.

Nobody believes Allen is better than Lamar full stop. But based on the 2020 season so far, Allen has played well in all three games."
"If it's based on this year's play through game 3, Sims is correct."
He’s playing a lot better than Lamar this year. Just because Lamar was great last year doesn’t mean he should always be ranked #1 when he’s having a bad stretch.
I don't care what he thinks.
"I think it’s a coin flip between the two. If you are looking at this year, Allen has been better imo. Yes they played weaker teams, but Allen has been lights out while Lamar just had a bad performance. I’m typing this while wearing my Black Number 8 Jersey."
"I saw that. On the same segment one of the other analysts said he would drop Lamar from the top 5 for Brady too. Brady has had some pretty bad games this season. So, even if we are solely going off this year, it's pretty ridiculous. 

Honestly, It's just absurd. The reigning MVP starts with 2 very good starts, has one bad game and now they want to put 3 or 4 guys ahead of him that quickly. Russ, I can understand. Rodgers hasn't been all that great the last few years, even if he is a 1st ballot guy. So, he needs to show this isn't just a hot streak, and he is really back to form. Meanwhile, there's absolutely no way Allen has proven enough to anoint him over the reigning undisputed MVP. That's coming from a guy that has been a fan of Allen's from day 1, and defended him all the time too."
The slander will keep on coming
Phil Simms is a senile old man
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j527y7)"
"It’s O-line.

The pass rush was not great last year, and the D-line and secondary made up for it. Plus, it’s much easier to bring in a FA or trade for a pass rusher than O-lineman.

Our O-line has made our run game look ordinary outside of the second half against the Texans. Lamar also has a lot less time in the pocket than he did last year. And most importantly, there are no easy or obvious fixes here. We just have to hope they begin to gel more as the season goes on."
"i want to say pass rush, my instinct is to vote pass rush. but i have this feeling that lamar and our particular style of offense really needs this o-line to operate. shaking jackson’s confidence and forcing roman to panic call has been our achilles heel. nearly any other team and i’d say pass rush without a doubt but i think jackson really needs that line to function and everything else will find a way to gel"
It's absolutely our pass rush. You saw it against the chiefs. We have no one guys who can really put pressure on the qb  by himself so we have to scheme up blitzes. If that doesn't work then teams can try and pick apart our DBs in man coverage. Judon is clearly not the answer so we have to find a guy this offseason unless we make a trade
All 3 are our biggest weakness rn
"The O-line is a concern, but it feels like opposing QBs have all the time in the world on 90% of their drop backs this season against us. You can make up for it when you play teams like Washington, but like we saw last week, good offenses will eat you alive when they are consistently given so much time. Someone’s going to get open eventually."
[deleted]
Fix your SAP
[deleted]
Pls delete post after you have found your stream. Wanna keep it off books in case representatives from NFL stop by. Our mods don’t need the added stress.
Nflbite.com
Volokit.com never lets me down
He was unblocked 🙃🙃 HE DARN WELL BETTER GET THE SACK UNBLOCKED !! Hopefully he can get some more
I could have had that sack lol. Don’t want to hate on Judon as it’s too early in the season. Let’s hope the man EARNS his nice salary this season. Plenty of football left.
The magician for disappearing has appeared
I was so glad to see him finally be so open lol but yeah he needs to be more productive
[deleted]
Me.
No.
No. We. Don’t.
"Naahh, love Tony he was pivotal in the locker room chemistry but the play isn’t there."
"😂😂😂 seriously, no. No one wanted him, why would we?"
I'd take him on a 1 year deal if we can't get anyone else
🙋🏻‍♂️
Might as well if Elliott can’t stay healthy
MARRLLOOOO !!!!!!! MONEY MAN MARLO JR !!!!!!
Didn’t take long to prove he was worth the extension lol. Man is a machine!!!
"He deserves every god damn penny. Honestly, he’ll end up being name the best CB in football"
Know whose jersey I'm getting next
[deleted]
"Definitely. With all the players they have to resign, I think it’s smart to look at all options."
I think he would have to play great for an extended period.  Ronnie Stanley is in the argument for the best left tackle in the league.  You don't let a guy like him walk imo.
Yup. If Stanley is out for an extended period and our offense is moving along steadily with Brown at LT. That extension gets a little harder for Stanley to get
"I've personally shit on Brown a lot since he lost Yanda, but if he can play reliable LT for a stretch and re-signs for $12-$15M vs Stanley's $22M+, you have to consider it. 

Even more so if you can tag and trade Stanley for a 2nd+"
""
[deleted]
Damn that’s a dope find
I still have that shirt!
Awesome!
I'd wear the hell out of that.
Anyone know any website I can watch the game on?
stream2watch
Volokit.com never lets me down
""
"the end is hilarious lol

LLAMVP"
"I think the commentators said it was his longest run, TD or not"
Sam Koch.
BDK
Big Koch
Best ~~punter~~ quarterback in the league!
Love seeing my last name all over this reddit.
""
Let Sam Koch
7 for 7 no debate. QBR of 158
"Can’t argue with that. It’s sound Logic. Statistically speaking f he threw it 50x he’d complete 50 passes. 

Someone needs to ask the hard questions about the coaching staff. Like why are we not lining Koch up at QB and letting him airing it out more? Fire Harbaugh. Put Koch in at QB you cowards"
No need to change it when you’re 100% correct
"7/7 but a field goal QB, needs to push it down field toward the end zone! 😂"
"This is like arguing if gravity exists. 

I can wish it wasn’t so.  But it is."
Yeah he’s great but Trace Mcsorely also has never had an incomplete pass let’s not forget that
"Been in the league 15 years, never missed a pass!"
If the Ravens had Sam Koch throw it on every play we'd never lose a game. That's just math.
The best pass in the history of all of the passes.
"If you knew a defense was likely to blitz, would it work to bring in the long snapper and move the QB back that far so the rush couldn't get to him?"
"Tucker, Koch, it don’t matter THEY CAN DO IT ALL"
Make sure you put some respect on Morgan Cox's name. We don't want anyone wondering who the third man is.
Such good discipline to not make it a longer gain. Smart play
Now do Judon
""
Check my boy dobbins waving goodbye as soon as he looks upfield
"I just love how he can go from full speed to near stop, and then resume full speed in a different direction. It’s truly amazing."
A thing of beauty
I laughed when I saw how quick he brings the football back to his body when he sees there is another defender.
Good to remind the league who he is. Kinda feel like we should still have the most prolific offense in the league with a guy who has the capability to do that.
He’s speed
"That ""Oh shit "" moment when Lamar raised the football in celebration, saw the defender closing quickly.  ""Oh shit "" and pulled it in quickly."
Lamar already has like 220+ yards rushing over 4 games could this be another 1000 yard season? It doesn’t feel as likely but it’s definitely possible.
Crazy speed
He literally glides on the field
The silence is so strange
perfect pull by bozeman ate up the safety
Not bad for a quarterback.
[deleted]
Touchdown Andrews!
I was almost certain I was being Bucked...
Oh look another passing TD
You're a fucking punk dude.
"Lamar hasn’t thrown well in Week 3 and Week 4.

He arguably had his two best performances as an NFL passer in Weeks 1 and 2.

I know our fans are very reactionary, so we’re going to get posts like this. But the real question is, will we get more of Week 1+2 Lamar this year, or Week 3+4 Lamar?

History suggests the former, but you can’t deny that the past two weeks have been disappointing."
"You said I could downvote you all I wanted, but there are no enough comments to downvote. Can you respond to me so I can downvote again, please?"
Okay you’re downvoted
"... what pocket did you want him to throw from? Dude hasn't gotten a clean pocket all year, the fact that he can escape doesn't excuse that fact my guy.."
Leading a reciver does seem to be something he can really grasp. His passing stats would look so different if he could hit people in stride.
""
You gotta love E Dub man. Not saying we need him but the fact he is ready if it would come to that is awesome.
"Would love him as a coach, but I really wouldn’t mind him being used just in select sub packages while mentoring our young safeties."
"Weddle is one of my favourite Ravens, I miss that guy and his energy. He gave it his all here and he just missed us being a good team"
"BABY COME BACK

YOU CAN BLAME IT

ALL

ON

ME 🎶"
Get him as a secondary coach
I’d love to have him as a coach
Somebody give this man a clipboard!!
I'd sign Weddle to the practice squad just to have him coach our young safeties up.
But what if *I* need him?
Get him on the phone EDC be it to play or coach
"As a coach, any day and twice on Sunday."
AHHHHH GOD I'M HAVING FLASHBACKS OF THAT 4TH AND FOREVER TO BOYD THAT RAN RIGHT PAST MOSLEY AND WEDDLE
Couldn't we sign him to the practice squad?
"Good dude but no thanks, he looked washed last time he was out there"
Earl will probably end up on the Cowboys tbh I think they bring him in when they get desperate to make a push for playoffs.
Let's bring back victory ice cream Monday!! I'm game!
I want Weddle come back and join our coaching staff so badly
Is anyone else impressed with Hollywood's ability to find open space this season? I can't tell if it's his speed or if he's getting better against NFL defenders or both but he looks great 4 weeks in
Lamar over threw him a couple times. He would have had at least one TD today.
"It's a combo, his speed and his chemistry with Lamar. He also seems more willing to get those extra yards."
Once him and Lamar iron out the little mistakes it's going to be something special to watch
Hollywood swinging!
HE GOOD
Both Ravens and Browns beating up on the NFC East lol
Fuck the Browns
Fuck the browns
The difference is the Ravens finish
[deleted]
...
"Its not super convincing, wasn't to bad either. I'll take it."
"I just want to see how we play against another good team. Don’t get me wrong I’m happy with getting free wins against bad teams where I don’t have to stress at all, but I won’t be confident until we beat teams that will challenge our weaknesses."
"I have so many mixed feelings on this.

Good:

Marlon Humphrey. Turnover machine.

I love seeing the three headed running back monster wear a team down over the course of the game.

Hollywood showed up!

Bad:

O-line needs help. Gotta get healthy for one but I’d be fine with a trade or something too to shore them up. 

Lamar’s got a cannon for an arm but the lack of touch on deep balls does concern me

We put pressure on Haskins but still can’t do it without blitzing. We got no shot at beating KC unless we can figure out how to pressure with 4."
"Roman has to get the short passing game with the wide receivers going, Washington's dbs are 10 yards off the whole game"
"It's a good thing Gilmore won DPOY last year cause Marlon is gonna get votes this year

3 turnovers in 4 games is nothing to scoff about"
"All Pro Marlo making that entire deal look like a steal with the plays he continues to make every single week. Also shout out to Trace McSorely with the hold, glad to see him getting some recognition"
"A win is a win. Still, there are things that need to be worked on and ironed out. Luckily, the Bengals and the Eagles are the only teams left on the schedule before the bye, where the month of November will be key in defining what team the Ravens are against good competition like the Titans, Patriots, Steelers and Colts."
Pass rush needs to improve. QBs have way too much time in pocket and screens are our kryptonite.
Good win today but is anybody else worried about the fact that we get almost nothing for receiving production outside of Hollywood and Andrews? I am a bit concerned. These weaker teams should be a chance to get Duvernay or Boykin involved and they both just seem pretty non existent (outside of Duv KR last week but I'm talking production through the air). There will come a point where teams just double 1 of the 2 and somebody will need to step up and catch some passes. Even if it means trying to get JK more involved catching out of the backfield.
One redemption game out of the way. Can't wait for Cincy!!!!!!!
We won by double digits.  The Football Team is kinda trash but I still won’t forget pre-Lamar when we would only win by a Tucker FG.
Good team W. And a great bounce back week. Going to need if the Browns continue to play like they have today.
PAY HUMPHREY MORE
"It wasn’t pretty, it wasn’t perfect, but it was us."
Solid W against a scrappy mediocre team. Some bright spots. Keep stacking Ws.
FEED. THE. BUS. That is all
"I’ll take the W. On the other side of things, I believe Gus is our best RB and Averret is is “ok” (definitely our weakest link in defense). Judon played well but is nowhere close to earning big bucks yet. Run defense was the worst performance this game. Lamar played well also but had some concerning overthrows on a couple of targets. Good win though and let’s move on!"
"Should be Week 4, my bad"
"Not an absolute beat down, but it is a good game. The off season is months away. We have to get there first. I am enjoying the hell out of this team.

One thing that pisses me off is that short passes are just not part of our game plan ever. Why? Make the line backers move laterally. Also if you hit a receiver in stride short passes can go for a big gain. Snead would be a good target. Teams are playing 10 feet off our recievers. They know it's always going to be 10 to 20 yards.

It also looks like Lamar only trusts Hollywood and Andrews. I don't disagree with him."
I don't know if it's scheme related or receiver related (or a bit of both) but it's worrying the number of times Lamar has to move around and wait for someone to get open. Part of me thinks that teams know all of Roman's playbook now. All our opponents know the route concepts of those rollouts we used so often last year.
Guess we aren't winning the Super Bowl this year since we didn't lose to the ~~Skins~~ Team
Pass rush needs to be addressed like immediately
Still have a bad taste in my mouth after last week. Win felt meaningless even tho it’s a win but at the end of the day it’s better than taking an L. Next week another free win I’m assuming. October should be the easiest stretch of football we’ve had in long  time Washington down Cinci next week and Philly after that. November will be tough as fuck. Steelers 2x Patriots Colts and titans.
"I hope I'm wrong, but this team feels like the 2004 team did. Luckily for us, the 2004 schedule was harder than this year's schedule appears to be (at least as it looks now). But still, just has that feeling."
"How do we stop ourselves from becoming the Panthers with prime Cam? We currently have a defense that is underperforming with potential for big things, we have no big name targets, and our te is good. Once they lost the superbowl they were an above average team but nothing special and I feel like that's how we've looked so far, underwhelming and waiting on Lamar to do something to take our breath away. Marlo has become the only major bright spot on the defense. (No discredit to Queen but it's still early for him) 

I want sustained greatness not being above average with a few wow plays, how do we do that moving forward?

I think we need a pro bowl veteran receiver, beef up the pass rush and teach the o line how to block on passing downs to sustain time in the pocket"
Ravens need to trade for Yannick Ngakoue and sign AB to be a Super Bowl caliber team. Unpopular opinion but it’s what I see. This team needs more stars if they want to win it this year.
The RG3 pass was the dumbest call of the game. We didn't need s first down. Just chew clock and punt.
"Dallas really outchea, haha. Don't give up! 😂"
Ugly game against a pretty bad football team. I agree with Jeff Zrebeic
3-1 half way through the season  🔥 🔥 🔥
Good win but we didn't play that well at all. Better offense would destroy us. Plus Brown and Lamar need to get on the same page. That extra 20+ passing yards a game makes a big difference
"Like others have said, not the prettiest win, but needed after last week."
"Defense stepped up after a bad game. The oline, not so much. But hey, a W is a W, any easy game can turn into a trap game, and it didn’t. Plus, the season is still young."
"A win is a win, but I was a little frustrated how we kept getting carved up by those screens and just did nothing to stop it."
Missed the game- can someone do a TLDR? I’m assuming o line was weak as usual?
"Wasn't super convincing, but a win is a win!

Our running game wasn't particularly impressive until the 4th quarter, Lamar's accuracy (especially on the deep ball) was really shaky in the first half and as per usual, our Oline was awful.

However, we found our groove in the run game, and most encouragingly, Lamar looked like his usual composed self after the interception. That drive down the field was the best drive we've had all season, especially from a playcalling balance perspective.

Also, special shoutout to Patrick Queen. After a horrid display against KC, the rookie was EVERYWHERE this game and was making play after play. My week 4 MVP for sure.

On to Cincy! Please get healthy Ronnie and PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD START DUVERNAY OVER BOYKIN HARBS.

LETS GO RAVENS!"
we seem hesitant to give Ingram the rock more than 10 times.
"""Football team"" hahahahhaha!"
that was a nice bounce back for the team and much needed
"Let me preface this by saying that I've always loved the Ravens and will continue to do so!

**O#:** We have no O-Line. Simple as that. I'd assume almost no run gets executed the way it was called. The current ""success"" is due to our 4-headed monster *(Jackson/Ingram/Edwards/Dobbins)* making something out of nothing every other play. On pass-plays there is close to no protection. To put it into perspective: Last year Lamar was sacked 23 times in 15 games. This season he has already been sacked 11 times in 4 games. Our passing game is unimaginative and relies on Hollywood beating like 7 guys in coverage or Mandrews doing Mandrews-things. We have no WR threat like Boldin used to be and it shows.

**D#:** Where to start? Besides Humphrey and Queen we're below average. We allowed the third most completions in the league and gave up the 6th most yards *(over 1000 already)*. We're playing soft coverage and it shows. Rush-D looks good on paper for now, but that's because we were mostly ahead early against bad teams. Every team, including Washington, has managed to run on us comfortably. Our pass-rush is non-existent outside of Judon, who isn't necessarily playing to his potential either.

**Conclusion:** A shift from being a defensive juggernaut to focus on offense more was bound to happen at some point. Problem being: You can't be an offensive juggernaut *(with a couple of potentially gamechaning playmakers on the defensive side: Humphrey/Queen/Peters)* if your O-Line is playing like turnstiles."
such a boring game lol
6/10 game
"I think the Hayden Hurst trade is looking bad news right now. I think having two TE1s (Mark and Hayden) and a strong vet TE2 (BOYLE) was a successful mask for us lacking studs at WR.

What are your thoughts-- do you think we won the trade or ATL?"
I love Hurst but that pick we got from it turned into Dobbins and I’d easily take Dobbins here
I think the trade was mutually beneficial. Dobbins will become a future staple in the offense.
"I think greg roman misses hurst. His passing game concepts have never been great imo. Having 3 TE's + the threat of the qb run allowed the ravens to get TE's open up the middle last yr. They did so via hi-lo route combos over the middle while creating conflict for LB's via play action.

The ravens' offense lacks spacing IMO. Lamar has to make up the difference by hitting on shot plays. He isn't right now. It's something he needs to develop going forward because the scheme advantage the ravens had last yr is gone."
The biggest difference between last year's offense and this is the offensive line.
"I'm still not the biggest fan of rolling with just Boyle and Andrews when multiple tight end sets were a big part of Baltimore's 2019 offense. However, trading Hurst for a 2nd round pick was just amazing value for a player who was basically third on the depth chart.

It's just that no mid-round rookie tight end fell to the Ravens in the draft; and there was no point in trading up for a position that wasn't a need now or 2 years down the road. (**EDIT**: I just double-checked; both Boyle and Andrews are unrestricted free agents after 2021. One of them will likely re-sign while the other remains to be seen; depends on the cap and free agent market.) The free agent pool for tight ends wasn't the greatest, either. So, the Ravens are stuck trying to fill the void of not having a true third tight end in the meantime.

Besides, it's way too early to decide who won that trade in the long run. The Falcons have way too many issues right now that giving Matt Ryan another weapon isn't going to make a huge difference for a good while."
I would take dobbins and Calais Campbell every damn day
Hurst wanted to leave and he wasn’t producing on the level of a TE1. I don’t see him being much better in our system this season.
Worth it for our RB of the future. Dobbins should’ve gone round 1
nah
"I liked Hurst, but I don’t see how him still being here would address any of the issues we’re seeing with the team right now."
I don't mind the trade.  The team's issues have nothing to do with receivers and everything to do with linemen.
Hurst wouldn't have added that much look at his number plus we got Dobbins he's made up for that in the run game
"Just wait, Dobbins will start to become much more valuable as the season goes on. He's just scratching the surface right now."
""
The opening drives were ugly... I'm not sure why we've suddenly decided that the speed option needs to be a mainstay in our playbook. There were some drives though where we felt like the same old Ravens with a great mix of passing and rushing. The dude just outsmarts himself a lot.
Guy is out smarting himself. I'm not sure why we don't see more slants or drags with our speed guys but what do I know?
I've felt like this for a decent minute and I mentioned I think last week. But he needs a co-coordinator. Someone to handle the passing side because he is awful at calling passing plays and taking what the defense is giving him. If I see that damned bootleg play again imma lose it.
That long pass by RG3 that was intercepted was insane. Run 3x and punt and the other yeah does not get that last touchdown.
"He just doesn't change the offense at all. This is the exact same offense as last year which most teams have figured out already. We need him or someone else to change the playbook as we go. You can't have the exact same playbook 2 seasons in a row and expect teams to not figure you out.

We need to learn from the chiefs and 9ers offenses. We have the personnel to become an unstoppable team if the play calling is great.

Put Hollywood in the slot and Andrews out wide alone like the chiefs. Use Duvernay like the niners use Deebo and Aiyuk...."
"I have to agree. I thought this offense supposed to be REVOLUTIONARY!!! It was last year. We have some new weapons this year, but its gonna take some time getting the timing down with them!"
"Seemed like we were rusty but back to normal after chief loss, but it solidified that chief are the afc team to beat right now even though we nearly tied that game we looked like we weren't in it, this was much better and gives us things to improve on."
I Noticed the first drive after half we looked so much better cause he wasn’t getting cute with the play calls
Over our Coordinators as a whole tbh.
"I think its the wrong implementation of a team desire to be more creative.  Obviously we need the offense to evolve, be different and show new looks vs last year to grow and develop, the problem is that I think Greg does this without looking at the situation.  There’s a reason a lot of teams script their first drive/plays—you get into rhythm, then you pull the creativity."
How awesome would it be to have Jim Harbaugh as our OC?
""
"“Marlon Humphrey says that to get verified on Twitter, he had to change his ""Fruit Punch"" handle to something more normal (@marlon_humphrey). 

But he wouldn't mind if people start calling every punch-out a ""Fruit Punch"" ...”"
Fruit Punch and Juiceman
"Trace McSorley.

When will we finally bench lamar?"
Sam Koch must’ve died or sum
This is Sam Koch erasure and I am NOT gonna stand for it
""
The who?
New backup QB
""
"Coming into this week I was expecting a pissed off, pin the ears back physical game from both sides of the ball. It's hard to criticize what was a major blow out but at the same time having the Football Team throw up over 300 yards seems like an issue. Zone coverage had some major holes (LBs drop depth) that are going to be scary against a good tight end or slot receiver. Additionally our run coverage looks porous. Honestly gonna need more against the Bengals 

The offense seems to be knocking off some rust. I appreciate the effort made in the passing game, but the flow and play calling seems off I'm general. Maybe it just me......"
"The screens are still gashing us. I feel like outside runs are still a problem, but I’d have to go back to verify. I KNOW screens are bad just off memory"
"Well, I'm honestly not impressed with the defense. As good as Lamar is, it's hard to put pressure on a young QB to consistently put up 30+ points every game. 

On offense, what really concerns me is the offensive line. Lamar is getting a lot of clean pockets, and I know he's mobile and that affords the team a little bit of leeway when it comes to line play, but if we want more down the field passing, he's gotta have a clean pocket to go through his progressions."
"Yeah. Something feels off. Team isn’t physical enough or something. Also, I feel like I’m close to being done with Boykin. He’s too finesse for his size."
The team has changed but the play calling hasn’t.
"I'm glad that they came away with a win. The team is still a work in progress, but I'm optimistic."
"This hasn’t been received well but people need to take the purple glasses off. 

We have issues at pass rush. Enough said. 

O line struggles but I do expect them to get right as the season progresses. We’ve seen it happen before. 

Now this is what people don’t like to hear - our receiving Corp just isn’t good enough. It’s not terrible, but it isn’t enough. 

Hollywood is our best receiver. He creates separation but doesn’t do much after that. He keeps the defence honest. He’s our number 1 but he isn’t a true number 1. We need a true playmaker. Someone who is reliable and can bail us out and make huge plays when needed. 
The rest of the corp just feel like bodies to me. Make catches in space when it’s right in their hands. Pretty much a mediocre group of guys.

Edit: this isn’t me bashing on Hollywood. He’s a good receiver. Just isn’t the answer to being a number 1. This also excludes Andrews who is always great when he shows up, which is most of the time!"
"We’re winning but it just seems like there’s another couple of gears we can go into. The running game isn’t doing much, the passing game hasn’t been as explosive, the pass defense hasn’t been that good. 

Defensively, we have a lot of inexperience with the 2 safeties and queen but our corners are giving up a lot of quick easy plays because they play off so much. Run D looked better today but it’s Washington, I don’t think they have a feared run game anyway. 

Offensively, the passing game just looks out of sync. We heard all off season of Lamar getting better at deep throws but he’s missed an open Brown more times than not. And every other pass seems like a struggle to complete. I think it’s a lot to do with scheme. Roman isn’t a good passing coordinator, never has been. The concepts and routes aren’t as efficient like last year when the run game opened everything up. 

All in all, it’s a good win but we don’t look like the super bowl contenders I thought we’d look like this year, so far."
Yall just got used to winning. Team played good today we cant just demolish every team that we play it's the NFL
"I think what feels weird, even after victories, is that we are trying to win like a “regular passing team”. Is evident that this year we are rushing less the ball. As you might notice, we are having a lot of 3 downs and out drives. I don’t know if this is part of a plan but it is what it is. With today’s game, we sit as the 13th best rushing team in the League."
"Really seems like the team doesn't have as much identity or fire as last year. It's hard to match last year's success, but it doesn't even seem halfway there."
Here is my thought. Why the fuck did we draft Dobbins when we could took a WR or olineman at that spot
Idk tho it seems like defenses across the board are shitting out. Who’da thought the browns would put up 50. Idk I think the lack of preseason and training camp is letting some high scoring games go on. Our points allowed per game is still very good.
"I think Lamar's groin is still giving him issues. It would explain how his cuts look slower and why his platform seems off for no reason sometimes. 

I think the O line is still struggling to gel, and losing Ronnie for a game doesn't help. 

I think we need a pass rusher who can command attention on the edge down after down.

I think we're better than we've looked so far, but we might not be as good as we were last year. Hopefully Lamar shakes it off, the line gets it together. Our issues on offense are correctable without changing the roster. 

I'm not so sure if that's true about pass rush.

All in all it was a win, but I feel like something is missing compared to last year and that makes me feel a bit nervous despite the blow out."
"Tbh, we're a lock for the playoffs, especially with this schedule we've got.

Knowing that, I'd rather use the season to just try random shit and see what happens. Especially in the passing game. I know the run game is our bread and butter, but we need to dial in our passing game for when we're down. We're not always going to be up 3 scores, and we have a very realy problem as soon as we're down. 

I also don't think the starters on offense right now are the guys who will be starting come playoff time. I can see some shakeups coming with our receivers, running backs and oline. I think a lot of the weird play calling, and change of personell is because of this."
Ever since Stanley has been gone Lamar has been getting sacked more than usual :(
We should learn how to defend a screen pass
"Pass rush needs to be better. I don't care that Judon had however many sacks. It just flat out needs to be better

Oline needs to tighten up.

WR need to not drop passes and Lamar needs some work on throwing some.

Still very early on in the season. I always say that we never know what kind of team anyone has until like week 6 in the season."
"From my perspective (I don't watch you guys all the time) Roman has been figured out. This is requiring Lamar to hit some deep shots, which he can't"
""
"When you think about the fact that Vick started his first 39** regular season starts and Lamar only started 26 of his 35 regular season games, it is hella more impressive.

Edit: **Vick did not start the first 6 games he played."
We’ve got to stop sitting him. Really pisses me off haha
It’s so dope hearing the records Lamar breaks when he doesn’t even play all 4 quarters of most games we win unlike most other QBs
Flacco had 7500 pass yards in his first 34 games.
Mahomes has 10000 pass yards in 34 games.
""
"The pass rush did better today.  I was more frustrated by the poor response to screen plays, in large part stemming from the DBs playing way off the receivers on every play."
What is it about our pass rush’s performance all season that gave you high expectations today?
Saw he got injured during the game and haven’t heard anything about him since
He was back in the game after the injury so hopefully nothing too serious
He went back in after it looked like he just got the wind knocked out of him
"This seems like the most plausible scenario for the ravens. Idc if judon got 2 sacks he's a liability against good teams, cowboys look like they need defense so they might want 
Him plus Earl. So that frees up half of his contract? 

Trade Judon and a 2nd for a 3rd, trade our 3rd and a 5th for Robinson"
I'll have whatever he's having
Don't smoke crack!!!!!
lmao you'd be the second worst front office executive ever. After Bill O'Brien.
3rd and 5th for arob??? lmaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
"Bill O'Brien, is that you?"
The Bears aren't giving up ARob for a 3rd
People acting like Judon still isn’t our best edge rusher 😂
Judon's over scrutinized at this point. He's our best edge rusher. Lose him and our best edge becomes tyus bowser.
If we trading Judon to Texas I’d like to get Michael Gallup in return
Nope. If we make any trades it needs to be for a proper position replacement for Yandas hole. That's where this offense is struggling. The oline is fucked because Yanda is no longer there.
"am i the only one that watches our pass plays and sees that people don’t get open, but then watch other teams and they seem to get open easily? like i watch the redskins run screens and they are effective, but we run screens and they don’t work for shit."
"The only play that I truly hate in this offense is the outside lateral where Lamar purposely takes the hit and throws it off to the running back, this play is doomed to be turned over it's a matter of time"
"What other teams are you looking at? Unfortunatley our leading WR is Marquise Brown. Boykin has been a major disappointment this year, and that leaves Willie Snead who just isn't an elite level WR."
"Yeah I’m with you. Been saying the same thing all year.  Our guys are covered completely.  I think Romans passing scheme is weak this year.  I don’t know much, but that’s my basic observation."
"I would love to see a combination of Brown/Duv/Proche/Andrews/ with Hill in the backfield!! Soo many options in the passing game with these guys. Just think about it. Quick screens, middle screens, wheel routes with Hill. Just soo much speed on the field with Lamar."
We literally are putting up 25 or more a game easily and people are more pessimistic than Bengals fans
"Yeah, I was watching the Bills game after our game and I was amazed by how open the Bills' receivers were. Kinda missing John Brown a bit"
Lets call it what it is.. Ravens played like trash today against one of the worst teams. Down vote me all you want but its true.
Am I the only one who appreciates punctuation and capitalization?
"Only Marquise Brown really gets separation versus defenders. Mark Andrews makes plays in man coverage a lot, but he doesn’t get open as much or nearly as far.

Lamar can throw guys open and look down the defense all day. But that doesn’t mean shit when Boykin gives up half way through his route, Snead fights with a DB for 20 yards, Boyle is blocking or not fighting for separation, etc."
When will we ever get a true number 1? How come this organization cannot develop receivers to save their life? I’m so tired of seeing bottom feeder teams develop better WR then we can.. our division has seen some of the best receivers in the past 10 years. Antonio brown AJ green Landry OBJ and we have fucking nothing
WE NEED AB
"Am I the only one begging him to be bothered by the benching of Lamar late in games? Why does it feel like they’re limiting him? Late last season it made sense, but it’s Week 4 & he’s getting hit all game anyway."
I wouldn't die on this hill when the field was FedEx field
"Sounds like someone had him in fantasy and might lose, haha"
He's getting hit all game anyway.... So let's let him get hit more!   Sounds like a good idea.
A healthy Lamar is better than an injured Lamar that padded his stats in garbage time
"How is it limiting him? Lamar won the game, the game was over. Stop staring at stats and being sad that he didn't get the garbage time yardage. It doesn't matter."
"I kinda agree, I want to see us use Garbage time to get Lamar the record breaking type stats. 230yds looks better than 180yds"
""
All he had to do was show the DK metcalf from last week haha
The what not to do film is usually just the Jets game
His reaction was pretty funny.
"The Legend Yanda told him about this!  Listen to the greats, Lamar.
Damn"
"I knew Harbaugh would hate it. I remember Harbaugh chewing out a linebacker in a preseason game for a premature celebration (returning a fumble or an int) I don't remember who the linebacker was, but I think it was a Week 3 game against the team formerly known as the Redskins."
I was very annoyed by that play thankfully no consequences resulted from it. He’ll learn and grow from it.
"Watching the replay a couple times, it looks like he was frantically scanning for an opportunity to celebrate, but everything was happening to fast to see the last defender until there last second. Props to those DBs for hustling until the whistle blew. Could have been a game changing fuck up."
[Yanda told Lamar not to do that in his rookie year!](https://youtu.be/3kPnmJup95s?t=112)
""
"First we had the Elite Dragon

Then we had the Llama

In comes RG4th quarter


Next is Big Dick McSorley

Now we have Sam Mr Perfect Koch

When will people finally start recognizing the Ravens as the ultimate QB training facility that it is?!"
"Growing up I did not spend a lot of time around American Football, so I am just now learning the rules of the game beyond the basics of touch downs and field goals.

Questions:

* I see a lot of criticisms of the defense but it also seems that people generally think that Campbell, Queen, and the secondary are relatively strong (with the understanding that as a rookie Queen still needs some more time to develop). So when people are saying that the defense needs improvement, is this really focused on the Defensive Line?
* Similar to the above, I see a lot of critique of the wide receivers, but have also noticed positive comments about Snead, Duvernay, and Hollywood Brown. Is this a situation where there are different opinions about the performance of these guys; or when people say the WRs need work, they are referring to the other WRs who are not Snead, Duvernay or Brown?
* There is unanimous agreement about the weakness of the O-line. Obviously there was going to be risk and weakness there with Yanda retiring, but why have the GM/coaches not done more to address this? Are they hoping that the current team will gel and improve; or will they be trying to bring in more help for these positions soon? 

Observations:

* There is an also an almost unanimous agreement on the weakness of the pass rush. I do not disagree, but I think there are similar if not more severe issues with stopping runners. Clearly they focused on this after the playoff loss last year, but to me it has appeared to continue to be a problem at points in each game so far this season. 
* Some people (usually not Ravens fans) are quick to criticize Lamar for every small mistake. Given out O-line is what it is, I don't think that we would the 3 wins that we have with many other current NFL QBs. 

Thank you for helping out a newbie!"
"1. Yeah almost all criticism defensively is against the line because we are to your point one of the worst pash rushing teams in the league and that makes it harder on our secondary because they have to cover players for longer. But when we blitz more then the standard 3-4 we leave less people in coverage and still can’t get to the qb so it’s more likely a receiver will be open. We need a Outside Linebacker/ edge rusher who can properly play on the edge and win 1v1s against the other team to consistently generate pressure on the qb.
2. Your second question is tricky we think we have good talent and potential with the receivers but they aren’t quite on the next level yet, while Hollywood is pretty good we lack a true No1 that can make contested catches and win 1v1s (guys like Amari Cooper, Deandre Hopkins, Julio Jones, Michael Thomas, Devante Adams) these guys can produce no matter the circumstances.
3. The third question is I think the other areas of weakness we needed to address in the off-season and because we didn’t know Yanda was retiring till free agency already started and right before the draft so there was not that much time to prepare. We have a bunch of young guys in the offensive line with room to grow and we hope they will, but Yanda definitely is a big loss.
Also another point people LOVE to hate Lamar for various reasons and he gets the most criticism in the nfl he’s not allowed to have a bad game without being drawn and quartered but he will continue proving people wrong and I believe he will bring us a couple Super Bowls hopefully sooner rather then later. 
Welcome to to Flock TRUZZ"
The problem with our defense is we don’t have any pass rusher that can win by himself consistently which forces us to blitz to get pressure which puts allot on the rest of the defense if the blitz doesn’t get home. The wrs are just young and outside of hollywood just not allot there as of now and even he seems too have some issues with releases when people get up in his face
Good bot
Pass rush and run stopping should go hand in hand.  Suggs spoiled us when combined with a strong edge setter.  We need a very good pass rusher that can also set the edge consistently when called on to do so.  Sadly these don't grow on trees.
[deleted]
We’re not running the table from here playing like we did today and last week. Our offense is so one dimensional and we’re fucked if we have to play from behind until proven otherwise. Defense has been giving up huge plays and our pass rush ain’t there. We’re so fortunate we play Cincy and Philly these next 2 weeks so I’m assuming we will win those 2. But no way in hell do we run the table playing like this
The guys just gotta keep getting those reps in!! No preseason. We'll be ok. All 32 teams have to go through this. We'll get hot like we usually do. No worries.
[deleted]
"The Chiefs are the defending champs for a reason. They are a complete squad that brought back almost everyone from the championship team plus they are led by the best QB in the game right now. They are the NFLs equivalent to a raid boss.

We got our asses destroyed but that's fine. Ash Ketchum lost plenty of Pokémon battles before he became the best. It'll just make when we finally beat them that much sweeter, hopefully on the way to this years Superbowl.

Also, fuck the Steelers. What kind of crack are you on to think they're even in the same conversation as the Chiefs."
"In the words of Aaron Rodgers, RELAX."
"The steelers aren't the chiefs. 

The ravens in the lamar era are 22-1 against teams not names the chiefs in the reg season. 

Also, the steelers aren't SuperBowl caliber. They are overrated. Their offense in particular is average. Our offense is in flux right now and is probably still better than theirs."
"It’s because you’re a realist. You can see we have issues, regardless of us being a good team. You can see that this team still isn’t quite there to take that next step and win a meaningful game. 

We may have won yesterday, but that team to me didn’t look like a super bowl contending team. I just hope we can continue to put it together and improve over the season so we will be ready for the playoffs. We really need to get better in a few areas. Pass rush, oline and the receivers."
"It was a horrible performance. It happens. Go through every Super Bowl champion throughout history and most of them had below-par-to-horrible performances during the regular season. 

Truth be told, I don't think this Ravens team has a passing game that's good enough to go blow for blow with KC. Their passing game is too efficient and explosive to completely slow down. That said, anything could happen in a play-off game and the Ravens could still go on to win it all. There are too many variables to believe one bad dictates a season or play-off performances."
Cant win them all...Gotta move on
"If the ravens can move on to the next week, you can too. 

Move on. Your negativity is annoying."
"We don't have 3 TE sets now that allows for an extra blocker to give Lamar enough time for plays to develop and sit in the pocket to throw with complete accuracy, or keep it and zoom past defenders for 8+ yards. Our RPOs were crazy last year because we had options and we were unpredictable. 

But with Yanda and Hurst gone, we are left one-dimensional and Greg Roman's playbook isn't that creative or imaginative to figure out once we don't give Lamar enough chance of success to relax and run through his reads and options. 

I'm just going to say what nobody wants to admit:

We are NOT as good or complete of a football team as we were last year. Greg Roman and his playbook has become stale and predictable, and we're about to get exposed even more this season if things don't change drastically, and soon. We're in a rebuilding year after this post off season, and we may be for some time."
Imagine how Lamar and the rest of the team feels.
"Remember, there were simple mistakes that turned that into a very different game.  Andrews dropped 11 points, which is uncharacteristic.  Also, defences improve and learn more as the season goes on, and our young linebacker corps and safeties are gaining the experience they need to use the zone coverages that could deal with Kelce, Hill and Watson more effectively.  Our pass rush isn't something that can be fixed overnight, but improving linebacker coverage skills make blitzing less dangerous.  

It'll be alright."
Haha. I watched the Ravens 2007 blow out loss to the steelers on Monday Night to lessen the pain against the game we had against the chiefs that night.
"The Ravens bounced back to beat the team from DC.  Can they make it 2 in a row?
#Week 4 Results

|Score|Guess|Result|
|:--|:--|:--|
|+6|Final Score|31-17 Ravens|
|+3| How many different RAVENS players will record TDs |3 (Ingram, Jackson, Andrews)|
|+1| Total COMBINED field goals |2 (Ravens:1, Washington:1)|

#scoring

|Earns|Winner(s)|
|:--|:--|
|+6| |
|+3| u/SC0RCHER55 u/zombiereign u/samvikingo u/B_Boll u/SNRavens91 u/rvnblt|
|+1| u/IcelandicRaven u/kevin12345420 u/PaulBademeister u/SNRavens91|

**Lucky Guess Standings after Week 4**

|Rank|Username|+6|+3|+1|Total Points|
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| 1 | u/SNRavens91   | 0 | 3 | 2 | 11 |
| 2 | u/SC0RCHER55              | 0 | 2 | 3 | 9 |
| 3 | u/samvikingo             | 0 | 2 | 2 | 8 |
| 4 | u/AHoneyBC  | 0 | 2 | 1 | 7 |
| 4 | u/zombiereign   | 0 | 2 | 1 | 7 |
| 5 | u/kevin12345420              | 0 | 1 | 3 | 6 |
| 6 | u/MarcusMcGuane              | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 7 | u/GandalfTheSilverFox              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/Juggling_T_Rex             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/ColoradoRavensFan              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/JayJayfortheRavs             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/SurfPlumber   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/PimpDaddyGrimes   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/toners889   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/KaiShep   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/t_mills42   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/IcelandicRaven   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 7 | u/rvnblt    | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/Folby_Orb   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/NaanBradOSRS   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/acemanico   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/Baroudii   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/Ioanni_hackvirtus  | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/peanutburger   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/FricknPlausible   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/gnarkilleptic   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/CarelessCompetition   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/680Man   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 8 | u/B_Boll   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/RamRod013    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 9 | u/No0ther0ne    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 9 | u/SheUsedToLoveMe   | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 9 | u/zaraxia101    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 9 | u/PauleBademeister    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 10 | u/King_Clitorus    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/YEAH_J22TS   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/iceup17    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/Mrusername   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/TheProGamer77   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/ogdonut    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/Gio52903  | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/gboccia   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/Cryophobiaa    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/Paraxom   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 10 | u/steamyjeans33    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |

#Week 5

#Bengals @ Ravens

**Guesses submitted after 10/11/20 at 1pm EST will not be counted.**

**Scoring will be as follows:**

* 6 points: final score (with winner)  
* 3 points: Total combined sacks recorded by both teams
* 1 point: Total RAVENS field goals

#Good luck!"
"View in your timezone:  
[10/11/20 at 1pm EDT][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20201011T1700?tl=Lucky%20Guess%202020%20(Week%205)


^(_*Assumed EDT instead of EST because DST is observed_)"
"33-21 Ravens   
4 sacks  
2 field goals"
"34-20 Ravens

3 sacks

2 field goals"
"38-20 Ravens

Combined sacks - 5

Ravens field goals - 1"
"37-20 Ravens

5 sacks

3 Ravens field goals"
"30-16 Ravens

7 Sacks

3 Field Goals"
"41-16 Ravens

6 total sacks

2 Ravens field goals"
"28-13 Ravens

3 sacks

0 field goals"
"34-17 Ravens..
6 combined sacks..
2 fgs.."
"34-17 Ravens

3 sacks

2 Ravens field goals"
"28-13 Ravens

5 sacks

2 FG"
"38 - 13 Ravens

5 Sacks

1 Fieldgoal"
"Ravens 30-16

6 Sacks 

3 field goals"
"31-14 ravens

5 sacks

1 ravens field goal"
"34-17 Ravens

3 Combined sacks

2 Ravens field goals"
"42-17 Ravens

5 sacks

0 field goals"
"43 - 8 Ravens

9 sacks

0 Ravens FGs

Bonus: Ravens score on their own kickoff."
"41-14 Ravens

6 sacks

3 FGs"
what are you guys thoughts on this? they are atop the division although the teams they have beat arent particuarly strong.
The Steelers and the Browns will remain competitive the rest of the year I think. The AFCN crown will not be a cakewalk
The Steelers are ALWAYS a concern.
"Every team should be a concern. If you go into any game thinking it's gonna be easy, you're setting yourself up for failure."
Yes and the browns are too now. Their defense still isn’t great but their offense was firing hard yesterday and I’m a bit worried about that
"Yes. They always are. Same with the Browns. 

The cowboys scare me because I just don’t think we can keep up with them, regardless of how bad their defence may be. 

That will be a game where we will need to completely lean on the run and take up time"
Yes. Have people forgotten why we say Fuck The Steelers around here???
100% The AFC North is the best division in football again. The road still goes through us though.
>!fuck steelers!<
The question is are the steelers what their record says they are?
Of course. Only a clown would say otherwise
"They are our biggest rival, they will always be our biggest concern. Honestly, the division title will come down to those 2 games"
"Absolutely.  On the bright side, their offensive strengths don't line up with our defensive weaknesses.  They don't have a shifty back that can break one to the outside.  I am not a Conner believer.  They like to attack the second level which is also where we are strong defensively.

They have the best defense in the league though I think."
"If Pitt can beat KC in the playoffs (Pitt has a pass rush) and then get obliterated by us, that'd be great."
NOPE
As long as Ben can stay on The field we must always be weary of the old fat fuck leading the opposition
Always.
"they havent made the playoffs since 2017

anyone who is actually scared of them is too wrapped in the ""hur dur were rivals!!"" bullshit.

They have a good defense, and a decent offense. We outclass the fuck out of them this year."
"Just a few observations I had, now that I’ve slept on it overnight.

1. The Oline looked a little better yesterday (crazy since we were missing an all-pro tackle), especially the guards. I’m not saying they were leaps and bounds better but I think we saw better play overall against a good defensive front. 

2. The defense was fine. You give up yards in a game, that’s just how it works. Teams are targeting our linebackers because they know we’re weak there. Though, Queen was everywhere yesterday. I’m not a huge fan of how far off our corners play but I trust that Peters and Hump make the play. My only concern is how they’ll hold up against players who can make them pay on YAC. How good is Marlo? My lord. 

3. The play calling remains suspect. Sometimes I think GRo has fell into this “Lamar can’t throw” narrative and feels like he has to prove people wrong. I’m not saying run the damn ball all the time, but I still feel like we’re struggling to find our offensive identity. We need some fresh plays that allow Lamar to be Lamar. 

4. Completely my opinion here but I think lacking a 3rd TE has thrown our game off a little as well. I’m not criticizing the trade, I think JK pays off, but I think not having that third TE has made it easier for teams to figure out the play type. We know Andrews is usually catching, and Boyle blocking. Not all the time but a fair amount of the time. We need that TE who can do it all decently so teams have to second guess it. 

5. I don’t know if it’s the line, game plan or play calling but Lamar looks like he’s playing a bit rattled. With that being said his competitiveness is so fun to watch. I remember watching him scramble for like 3 yards on a 3rd down yesterday, no way in hell he was getting it, but he still stuffed the defender and tried like hell. 

6. We need pass rush help, I think that’s universally agreed on. However, it’s not like elite pass rushers are cheap, or even available. I really think we need to take a look at Clay Matthews as a veteran presence to help. 

7. WR is an issue. Hollywood plays well enough but they double him up because he’s our only catching threat aside from Andrews. When Hollywood does make a play he is either immediately tackled or has to go down to avoid getting wrecked. I’d really like to see some slants with him and Duvernay, let them actually use that speed. 

8. Good teams beat bad teams when they’re suppose to, and we did. I remember the old days where we would of went in and lost by 3 points because we played down so bad. I just don’t think we will see the level of dominance we saw last year, partly because teams are studying a lot of tape, and our line isn’t the same. However, be happy about the win, some of you all act like we lost. I get being upset about the Chiefs, I do, but damn man life is to short. The whole “doesn’t matter cause we can’t beat the Chiefs/a good team” narrative is exactly what the media wants you thinking. I’m not saying ignore the teams flaws, half the fun of football is talking about how a team can improve, but don’t rob yourself of actually enjoying the team. 

Just my thoughts, more than open to civil conversation about how we think we can improve/ the team in general. Have a good day my fellow flock members. Sorry for any typos."
"I agree with all of your points. 

The offensive line did pretty well considering the front they were up against and Stanley being out. 

The running backs do seem like they are getting off to a slow start in most games. Not sure if that is the play calling with halftime adjustments or what. I do think losing Hurst hurts right now but will payoff with Dobbins eventually, and Hurst wanted the trade anyway. 

And yeah, Lamar doesn't seem to be playing with as much confidence so far this year.  The passing game has seemed pretty weak and I think a veteran possession WR would help significantly if one was available."
"I like the WR point. While watching SNF, I saw how SF utilizes their WR. Letting the young guys make plays. The Ravens need to get Proche and Duvernay in as much as possible. It is no surprise that the Ravens can’t produce WR because they don’t freakin use them. So frustrating knowing there is talent in Proche and Duvernay that hasn’t been seen cause they aren’t given the chance. Look at the steelers using their guys. This is the biggest flaw this team has and risk need to be taken for big rewards. #LetThemPlay #PutEmIn"
"I don’t think the problem is with Lamar and the receivers I think it’s with roman being unable to scheme a good passing attack. Our wrs are constantly running into each other’s areas, running decoy routes, and just not getting open quickly on routes. Roman needs to understand that he needs to call more slants, screens, and quick rpos to get opposing pass rushes to stay back, which will take pressure off the oline. It’s infuriating watching Lamar hold the ball while everyone goes deep and nobody gets open. He needs to diversify the passing attack or we’re gonna be in trouble, I can already see signs of the offense getting stale and opposing teams picking up on it. Lamar is good enough that we can play average offensively vs bad teams, but vs the elite playoff teams, that shit will not work. I honestly think if we lose in the playoffs again this year in an embarrassing way we should take a look at firing roman"
"3) I think they want to get Lamar more passing plays in games where we're up to identify where he struggles. That way they can work on it for situations we're down. I'd sacrifice 30+ point wins where we only run the ball for 15+ point wins where we can improve as a passing team

4) I think having Ricard has 3rd TE isn't working.  Especially when Boyle isn't a great receiver either. If Andrews is off, our 3 TE sets become worthless. Hurst was great at blocking AND receiving making him so valuable for that scheme. I think you have to dedicate Ricard to FB and find a 3rd TE that can specialize in receiving. That way Boyle goes back to blocking and we get a 2nd option from Andrews when he gets shut down. 

6) We need pass rush help badly. No one is getting through, even when we blitz. I really want it to be that Judon is being focused in on, and that's why he cant get home, but they need to shake up the front 7 somehow. Whether it's Clay Matthews, Cam Wake, or even just activating Madubuike, they need to change. 

7) Kinda leans into 4) where I think getting a 2nd receiving TE opens up this offense, but I also think they have way too much faith in Boykin and Snead. Duvernay and Proche should be on the field more to run a Chiefs-lite ""Speed Kills"" offense. Same with using Dobby and Ingram in the passing game. I'm so tired of seeing Boykin be in 1-on-1's with a CB, and get beat when he has a clear size advantage."
Hey mr WVU ravens. I’m also a WVU/Ravens fan. From Jackson County.
If the SB was played tomorrow we could win it and that’s the important part. If we play our best we can beat any team out there. It’s all about how to get the best out of the team.
"Regarding WR, they need a YAC guy to compliment Hollywood. They don't need a superstar, they need someone who can get a few extra yards after catching a 5 yard pass. Basically what Andrews does but faster and somewhat less physical."
"We don't have 3 TE sets now that allows for an extra blocker to give Lamar enough time for plays to develop and sit in the pocket to throw with complete accuracy, or keep it and zoom past defenders for 8+ yards. Our RPOs were crazy last year because we had options and we were unpredictable. 

But with Yanda and Hurst gone, we are left one-dimensional and Greg Roman's playbook isn't that creative or imaginative to figure out once we don't give Lamar enough chance of success to relax and run through his reads and options. 

I'm just going to say what nobody wants to admit:

We are NOT as good or complete of a football team as we were last year. Greg Roman and his playbook has become stale and predictable, and we're about to get exposed even more this season if things don't change drastically, and soon. We're in a rebuilding year after this post off season, and we may be for some time.

Baltimore also has never been home for elite WR1s.... save little sprinkles of vets in their sun setting days.... We've always been about elite defense and pretty good running. Also why our TEs tend to do ok as well. Don't think that's good change anytime soon for wide receivers. 

Hollywood can't catch shitty throws from Lamar as a result of the weak line with Yanda gone and not enough options or time so he's playing shook.

This is not the same team from last year."
"The coaches didn't suddenly get stupid. They didn't forget the success with the pistol last year.

The goal isn't to score a touchdown on every drive. The goal is to win games, capping off the regular season with a win in the Super Bowl. Let them try different game plans over the regular season, and win. Let them see, and learn. Let all of our future opponents have no idea what we might be doing, from play to play.

Greg Roman was the OC for a \*historic\* offense last year. Not just historically productive, but \*revolutionary.\* Built in secret, with just him & Harbs and a handful of other guys, in some secret lab in the basement of 1 Winning Drive. He did not become an idiot overnight.

Let's enjoy the ride while they try different things, and force future opponents to be ready for anything."
"On point 8: I’m glad this sub doesn’t accurately represent the majority of Ravens fans in the Baltimore/County area. Everyone I’m around enjoys the Ravens week in and week out, thankful we can have success and rally around our young core. The people who continue posting negative stuff the Chiefs loss aren’t actual fans. This team is going to win often and for a long time. Truss"
"Agreed with everything you said, especially the lack of 3 tight ends. 

I want to add, we didn't hit our stride until week 6 last year really. There is still time. Also, some of you saying that was an ugly win have never watched an ugly win. You want to watch an ugly win, watch us at the Steelers last year. Now THAT was an ugly win."
"Someone needs to step up as an impact #3 receiver. Brown and Andrews are great but they need someone else to take attention away from them. I'm hoping Duvernay or Boykins make a leap by the playoffs. They need to punish teams for doubling Brown and Andrews. 

Lamar has not had a 100 yard receiver not named Marquise Brown or Mark Andrews. That needs to change."
">The Oline looked a little better yesterday (crazy since we were missing an all-pro tackle), especially the guards. 

They also didnt have Chase Young

Not to totally diminsh their play against an otherwise solid front...but thats like us not having Suggs or Ngata for a game back in the day."
"I think the play calling can be a major issue on this years super bowl run. Defensively the offense knows what play we’re running before the ball is snapped. Offensively, once we are down the play calling goes to shit. We need help on this"
"On Dobbins and paying off- is there something in blocking/scheme that Dobbins has had a hard time picking up? He looks so dynamic with the ball in his hands, definitely seems like he has a lot more home run potential than Ingram or Edwards at this point. Surprised he isn't getting more carries yet, feels like it has to be about something besides just his ability to run the football"
"I can't remember the last time GRo ever ran the ball in a typical run play twice in a row.  It's so typical.  1st down run (for 3 or 4 yards), 2nd down pass (usually incomplete), 3rd down and 6..pass.

I don't like our offensive play calling one bit.  Also, our pass rush like everyone knows, is baddd."
Good takes! Thanks for sharing
WR has been an issue for years
"1. Agreed. They look better when we still have the option to run. Could be worth looking at a center or guard early in the draft next year. Significantly worse play all around after losing yanda, but they were better yesterday.

2. Peters plays off the line because he baits qbs. It is frustrating until he makes a big play. Defense was good except against the screen, but thats because we have to blitz so damn much to get pressure, and the screen is easy to run against a blitz. We’ve been bad at covering screens for about 20 years now.

3. Playcalling is awful. GRo created a system where lamar could succeed, but at this point we need someone more creative that will use our strengths. I said it last week that it looks like were trying to prove to the world that lamar is a good pocket passer.

4. I think we could use another decent TE, but we desperately need a possession receiver. Hoping Bateman or Olave is available in the draft next year. Lamars interception yesterday was caused by an extremely weak cut by Boykin. Hes a great blocker, but we need someone to run routes better and be more physical going after the ball. Still want to see Duvernay with Hollywood more. Speed kills.

5. Agree 100%.

6. Clay Matthews could be a minor upgrade without killing our cap, but it may be worth being aggressive here. A stud on the edge could turn our defense into a monster.

7. Already discussed this.

8.  Yes, but the flaws are obvious and need to be fixed if we want to go anywhere in the playoffs."
"The only thing I can say about this game is your point no8 ""Good teams beat bad teams when they’re suppose to, and we did. "" There was a point in recent memory when we couldn't. I still remember the game against the Bears and rookie Trubisky in 2017 which cost us the playoffs. With this team, you dont have to worry about these games and that is A M A Z I N G!

Other than that, WFT is not a team with which you can analyze strengths and weaknesses. We still have the same weaknesses we have had for many seasons: 

\-Bad oline. Some improvements have been made because of more consistent play for Stanley, and addition of Zeus JR. However, I think he has taken a step back this season and losing Yanda is very noticeable. Lamar makes up for it a bit, but if we want to become an offense that passes more, Lamar will need a clean pocket. 

\-Absolutely ZERO pass rush. I get it, you can only get those players with high draft picks, but this has been a huge problem for many seasons which the front office has not addressed. Either trade up or buy an FA who can do the job. But those rarely, if ever hit the market. And there is a reason for that. Clowney was not the answer and neither is Clay Matthews. Also for those wishing we had payed Zadarius, get real. We didnt have the cap and he was not the answer either. We need a bonafied, future hall of fame pass rusher. And if we need to draft up to get one, then do it.

\-Running back by committee. This is one of the worst strategies in the NFL, or riding the ""hot hand"". Its fucking bullshit. You need a number 1 RB who can run and catch. Ingram can do both so make him be the workhorse. Insert dobbins and gus every now and again, but Ingram is the guy and that is the end of story. Next year, it will be Dobbins, but enough of this committee crap.

\-Veteran leadership. We just dont have it. Im hoping it can be Calais because he certainly fits the bill, but he is still too new to be the voice of the lockerroom. Ingram is a cheerleader, Lamar is still too young. I also havent gotten the impression that Lamar wants to be the voice. He is more of lead by example kind of guy. Which is fine, but he has also demonstrated that he loses his cool and composure in key moments. We dont have Ray, we dont have Reed and we dont have Suggs. I have not gotten the impression from any of the new guys that they want to be the leader. You may shrug this off, but the lack of leadership is a real thing in my opinion.

\-Coaching. I love Harbaugh, but he is not a leader. He is a cheerleader. It works when there is a source of leadership in the lockerroom, but right now there isnt any and there hasnt been any for some time now. The players are young, some may develop into leaders, but it remains to be seen. He also gets outcoached in big moments like he did by Bellichick in 2014 or how he repeatedly does by Andy Reid in recent years (how the fuck did he not know Fischer was eligible, cmon man). Greg Roman, I really appreciate what he has done for this team. We are a way better offense with him, than any of the previous coordinators Baltimore has had since Gary Kubiak. However, he has a ceiling which is currently being met. Can we win the Super bowl with him? I dont know. San Francisco could not. Wink does the best that he can with what he has got. 

That turned out way longer than I thought it would. Go figure. Our real schedule begins week 8. We have Steelers, Colts, Patriots, Titans etc. I fully expect us to win every game until that point.

**TLDR: Same problems we have had for many seasons: mediocre oline, ZERO pass rush, lack of leadership and limited coaching.**"
"Blame goes all around. First things first, WFT beat themselves as much as we won. Cannot look at this game as an indication of anything other than the NFCE should be moved to the ACC. 

Did not like draft pick with ATL's 2nd. Would rather have Hurst than Dobbins. We didnt need to pick up a hb because of Ingrams age/injury. Edwards performed well everytime he has had a chance and that continues this year. Edwards has looked like the best back (by far), followed by Ingram. Dobbins has had one good run. We could have found talent late or in free agency for that position.

Roman needs to be replaced. I hope you guys haven't forgotten how long Harbs holds in to coordinators no matter how many games they cost us. It is like our offense from 2013 - week 10 of 2018 does not exisit in your minds. 


Roman's playcalling is uninspired and not influenced by our strengths at all. He rarely makesa team prove they can beat plan A for more than 2-3 drives before he bails on it. 

Wink has to blitz when we cannot get pressure within 10 seconds with 4 pass rushers. Something we did frequently with ZDS/Judon and Suggs in 2018. I think pass rusher has been our biggest need for 2 years now. 

We need a true number one. Look at the Bills. Josh Brown is a fine reciever. Very much like Hollywood, but Lamar would need to be Rodgers accurate to consistantly hit deep balls in such a small window. 

Lamar has played like ass the past 2 games. Plain and simple. Hollywood, Boykin, and Andrews have all created seperation. Lamar has been terrible at placing the ball. Decision making still sound, though."
"I mean, stats don't lie. Koch has a 100% passer rating and Tucker caught an 80 yard pass against Houston! /s"
Why /s? This is a good take. We need receiver help
The only other kicker that can catch that well is Kareem hunt
Anyone got a link to the Tucker catch?
"Nah bro just call the 50 yard line as being in range for a field goal.  Justen Tucker can kick those all day.

How dope would it be to have a QB and Kicker competing for most points scored while still leading the pack in each of their respective positions for overall rating?"
Downvote because you need to learn how to spell corps
This but unironically
Not to be the ‘take a joke too seriously and kill the fun’ guy but... Koch has actually been the 3rd string/emergency reserve QB in the past when a starter was injured on game day. This is already a thing.
Visit /browns and you'll find out how their team is one gigantic juggernaut that's going all the way to the Super Bowl. First week of the season that sub was teetering on mass suicide.
Are you saying their fans have high expectations? GTFO. That would never happen on this sub.
"It looks like the Browns are going to be competitive. 

Give them a break. It’s been a long time since they’ve had something to be excited about."
"They’re 3-1 and finally found their identity. They have reason to be excited. Let’s not pretend we are suddenly a juggernaut because of one season. Eagles and Panthers were never able to keep up with their dominant seasons, so we shouldn’t expect to either. Winning the division is going to be tough this year. I’m excited to see Lamar vs Ben."
They finally realized that baker is just a game manager and they should keep running. I wish they paid Baker first.
"Here’s the thing, why should we visit r/browns? They’re 3-1 for the first time in a long time, ofc they’re hopeful."
"Cool. 

Let them be excited. An upstart Browns team is exactly what we need to be competitive at the highest levels. We shouldn't be going into any game thinking it's an easy win. 

This team needs to stay sharp at all times and earn their keep. Iron sharpens iron."
"The minute I talk shit is the minute we start going down in flames. So good for them, let them be happy. Let our play do the talking."
"Who cares? I don't care about the browns. As long as they keep that shit on their sub and don't bring it here, they can do whatever they want."
"Our Kicker is keeping pace with their QB in points scored.

Their argument is invalid."
"They beat a bad Dallas team, they are more Juggernot than juggernaut"
And im fine with that! All i want is that SB trophy this year...
"They look good this year. Let them have it. Are fans not allowed to be excited when their team is good? The entitlement and pretentious attitude on this sub after 1 great season is mind blowing to me, and not to personally pick you out, but this post is a perfect example of it. Who cares if other people are happy?
I noticed it with myself as well, I'm certainly not immune to it. And if you wanna see a sub on mass suicide watch, you could've looked here on Monday night. We've turned in to a bunch of spoiled kids."
"Lmao why wouldn’t they be optimistic, it’s their subreddit ?? Stop lurking 💀"
Who cares
"Browns will be competitive but that defense is ewww... right now. Though, I still think it will be NE, Buffalo, Tenn, Balt, Pittsburgh, KC with the Colts and Browns fitting for the 7th spot in the playoffs."
"They’ve beaten teams with a combined record of 3-8-1.

Relax.  They’ll come back to earth.  Sucks that they don’t have to face the Chiefs this year though."
"To be fair, they do have more on-paper talent than we do. 

You gotta be on crack if you think we have single receiver that's better than Jarvis Landry or OBJ right now. 

We also don't have 3 TE sets now that allows for an extra blocker to give Lamar enough time for plays to develop and sit in the pocket to throw with complete accuracy, or keep it and zoom past defenders for 8+ yards. Our RPOs were crazy last year because we had options and we were unpredictable. 

But with Yanda and Hurst gone, we are left one-dimensional and Greg Roman's playbook isn't that creative or imaginative to figure out once we don't give Lamar enough chance of success to relax and run through his reads and options. 

I'm just going to say what nobody wants to admit:

We are NOT as good or complete of a football team as we were last year. Greg Roman and his playbook has become stale and predictable, and we're about to get exposed even more this season if things don't change drastically, and soon. We're in a rebuilding year after this post off season, and we may be for some time."
"Hello all,

Is there a player that would make an impact that might be available and we have the space for?

My hypothetical is JJ Watt. He has 2 years left on his contract, (owed 15 and 17 respectively, but i believe this year could fit into out 13 available due to 4 games already being played). Texans are 0-4 and going nowhere fast. He has come out as being frustrated (who wouldnt be), but he is a well liked guy in the Houston area. Lastly, we have a 1st round pick for next year, where as the Texans do not. Not to mention, they are over the cap by 10 mill. Might be a dream scenario for them. Moving for Watt would be a win now move for sure."
"Dude is so loyal to the Texans. I’m
Not sure he’s the answer. I’m not really sure who is. 

I’d like to see a true number 1 receiver. Again, not really sure who!"
Nahh watt still an inside he'd go where derek wolfe goes not judon
"I don’t think giving up a 1st for an aging Watt who is usually hurt is a good idea. But hell, I don’t have an alternative lol"
We need edge rusher
"Would not even give away pick 32 for Watt at this stage of his career, with those contract numbers. I think the most realistic target is Ngakoue, if the Vikings continue to tailspin and determine they want to rebuild."
"We should've gotten Melvin Ingram and I still think we should pursue him.

Chargers can take it to the chiefs because they have edge rushers who can go 1:1 with their tackles. We have douches collecting a 16m/yr check"
"The salary cap the next few years is going to be lower because of COVID and lost revenue. On top of that, we have some big talent that we will need to pay. 

Draft picks will be more important now than in recent memory. I don't see any scenario where we trade high draft picks unless we get some by trading our own guys, which isn't happening."
Melvin Ingram at mid season they won’t pay him and if they are out of playoff contention they will shop him.  We could probably get him for a 5th.
Ngakoue. Minnesota gave two picks to go all in this year. They suck. They may want to tank and get picks back. But i dont really like giving up early picks and wed have to pay him soon. Itd be basically do we pay stanley or pay Ngakoue. But it would fix our pass rush
Allen Robinson would’ve been a good trade target in the off season.
Baltimore for Kansas City. I could see this happening. Might be the missing piece Roman needs.
""
"There were legitimately ""fans"" going to other teams' subs saying that they were jumping ship. Making ""former Ravens fan coming in peace"" posts. It was embarrassing."
"Please remember that this ravens team has better personnel this year, for the most part, than we did last year. While we look out of sync and discombobulated, we didn’t have a preseason or full training camps. And though our rushing attack looks lackluster now with our three headed monster, we lost a HOF OG and are still only averaging 45 less Rushing YPG this year than last, vs a tougher scheduled first 4 weeks. 

Long season ahead. Well be fine!"
I hope more bandwagoners jump ship so we know who's a true believer and who's fake. #bigtruss
"Ah yes, last season our fans were extremely upset with our run defense against a legitimate running attack. It's a good thing our season didn't end exactly because of that concern after going 14-2 and getting a first round bye.

After last weeks game, I'm firmly in the belief that I don't take anything from this team unless it's against a truly formidable opponent. Crushing bad teams and Lamar's counting stats looking great don't mean a thing if we get humiliated in the first round of the playoffs (again)."
"I believe this team is still top tier in the league. That being said, there are areas of concern and acting like they dont exist is just fooling ourselves. 

Our O-line is nowhere near last year good. Sure, Yanda retiring was always gonna get felt, there is no way we would upgrade at that position, but it seems like everyone took a step back without him. Skura will get better since he is coming back from injury, and Phillips is a rookie, so the line will get better. 

Our pass rush still sucks, like it did last year. We have a defense built around coverage to allow creative designs in the front, but it isnt working as we would hope for. The chiefs proved they are still far ahead from us, and terrible teams are putting up points. 

Our offense also looks like is slower and cant perform as good as it did last year. We've seen how the team has to punt and kick more, even the fake punt, looking to start a spark since the offense looked like it lacked life.

That being said, with the team not looking that good to the eye, they are still putting up a lot of points and the defense is still making plays and getting turnovers, which is a statement to how good their floor is, and thats something no one ever mentions when they talk bad about the team. They will get better because their problems are fixable and we have the coaching staff for that. I think we lack pass rush talent, so that will remain something to work around, but there is no way we lack offensive fire power to feel like this offense wont ever click going forward like some people put it."
I would like to say after week 4 last year we signed a bunch of guys and made a trade for MP. So I'll be confident after we do the same this year. If not I'm kinda afraid
"You know, there were plenty of good takes in that thread. A lot of people saying we need to trade for Ramsey (we got Peters instead somehow). A lot of people saying our run defense was suspect, and that did eventually bite us in the ass. A few different people saying losing Mosley hurt us (that's why we drafted Queen). People saying Tony Jefferson and ET3 were struggling (both gone).

Sure, there were some people writing suicide notes. But there were a lot of takes that looked quite good in retrospect if I'm being honest."
"Our fanbase is very pessimistic and probably will be for a while I guess. God forbid we lose to the Steelers or some other decent NFL team. 

Who cares, peak at the right time; the playoffs. We can beat anyone if we play our game well."
"The issue isn’t that we started last season bad and got better, why can’t we this year. The issue is is that the same struggles we had last year are being seen again. Pass rush struggles, a receiving Corp that at a little better than average at best. Absolutely falling apart in a big time game when the spotlight is on us. Play calling goes out of the window after 5 mins of a game we are trailing by 3 points. It’s these reoccurring, stand out elements that have not been fixed which are the biggest concerns. If they aren’t sorted, this season will end much the same as the last."
"We’re 3-1 and have a pretty soft schedule. Just enjoy the ride, folks. 

Houston is 0-4. Imagine being out of the playoff hunt already."
"There are **2** i repeat **2** teams this year that have looked consistently great. That’s the packers and, to a lesser extent, the bills. Every team is going through some shit, there are 3 teams who were getting division winning buzz that are at the bottom of thier respective divisions (Hou,Dal,SF). Everybody needs to just stop freaking the fuck out."
"We have **abysmal pass rush** and **below average pass protection**

Just because Judon had two sacks, and we blitzed less doesn't mean we aren't in trouble.

We got serious pass rush issues that won't just click or go away when we play above .500 teams. 

We also are playing an OLB at Mike who is waaaaay too raw. I love Queen pick but he's been exposed or out of position quite frequently. There were three instances where Fort, Board and Peters motioned or pointed his assignment/coverage and Queen didn't do it on Sunday.

Not a major worry, he's a rookie without OTAs but still a worry and he'll be picked on by better vets like Big Ben.

I don't think ppl being upset that we didn't address these issues from last year are wrong to be upset. These are going to be **our reason why we lose when it counts**.

We need to trade for an OLB. Still can't set the edge to save our life and we have 0 time before a DL gets through causing Lamar to scramble.

Gotta prioritize Guard and OLB at some point. Not everything is fixed with AB or another WR like 90% of this sub thinks."
"The difference now is we know who we are:

A good team with a mediocre o-line, nonexistent pass rush, and a gaping hole where a #1 receiver should be.

I just don’t think we have enough. Still looking forward to enjoying the rest of the season."
"Glad I sat that thread out lol

Gotta say I’m looking forward to being called out on my reactions in the KC thread when we’re hoisting the Lombardi later this year"
"My biggest worry for us is how easy the Steelers' schedule is. Similar to ours, but no Chiefs and Pats. At least the Bills are pretty spicy this year, that could be a fat L for PIT"
Painful to see the comments on the Titans in that thread... so true.
"No I do not agree. We traded away a starting TE for Dobbins. He hasnt shown me that he is anything we could not get without sacrificing Hurst. Our 3 TE sets are no more, couple that with Yanda's departure and our run game looks weak."
"Ok check it out. We blow out teams week after week because we have a beautiful, stacked flock on all sides of the field. The problem is though that since we blow teams out every week, we never get to practice playing from behind/clutching close games. So when we play teams like the Chiefs or the T*tans and start struggling, we have no idea how to play because we’re so used to being up by 8 touchdowns and letting Sam Koch be our QB.

In conclusion, if we weren’t so good, we’d be better..."
"This theory only works if the Ravens actually use the three KC games, the LAC playoff game, the CLE game last year, and the Tennessee playoff game as building blocks to get better when playing from behind."
"Been having this exact thought. Flacco played in soooo many close games the years leading up to his Super Bowl run.

Edit: to be clear I don’t think we lost to KC because of this. But the ol’ Ravens were more experienced at winning “ugly” for sure."
The ravens lost to KC because of a disastrous set of play calling from Greg Roman and because of an inexperienced defense.
"Having experience in close games is obviously unteachable. But good teams should be able to stick to what they are good at or adjust and still be just as good. That’s our problem. We can’t adjust. It’s one way or the highway. We need a lead to be productive. When we postbox and go into a sling out match, any team could beat us."
"This is why it's way too early to say Lamar isn't good playing from behind.  He's lost 6 games, he's literally as experienced in playing from behind as the other first round Qbs halfway into their first season."
"We lost because of defense is a perfect match for Mahomes. If our blitz isn't effective (which we call I believe over 30% of the time) then we won't be effective. With his receivers the KC O-line don't even need to hold up for that long anyways. 

We lost to the Titans because we couldn't run the ball against them nor could we stop Derrick Henry, we are probably one of the only teams who are a run dominate teams (more last season). When we get behind and our playstyle chews a lot of the clock how are we supposed to make comebacks. 

Lamar is becoming a better passer one who will be able to spread the ball and consistently make deep throws unlike the two he missed last game in the first half. But to be fair we kept trying to go deep instead of taking what was underneath."
Motion to give RGIII first half PT and have Lamar come in to close out tighter second half starts
""
""
"Noted from the win over WFT, including:

1. Understanding Patrick Queen's up and down day
2. Ravens return to effective and balanced nickel play
3. Metrics and reasoning for a dialed-down pass rush
4. Wahington's screen game"
"As I look at the PFF grades for all of the first round linebackers - Chaisson, Murray, Queen, and Simmons, they all look the same. Although Simmons is the one getting blistered for it.


It's just a bad year to be a rookie anything."
"So what I'm seeing is that we got an absolute stud who will grow as the season progresses.

Queen is already disruptive, let him get a solid feel for what we do and boom, we have out linebacking leader for a few years at least"
Seeing Queen struggle in coverage and knowing his responsibilities in the defense just makes me think how amazing CJ Mosley was straight out the gate in his rookie year. It probably helped having Daryl Smith next to him.
"I have full confidence in this team to take back the division and at minimum, be the 2 seed. We have been fairly ok in the injury department (knock on wood) our running game is probably more potent than last year, and Lamar has looked really good throwing the ball. 


He is: 

• 6th in QBR 

• completing 68%! 

• 7 TD’s to one Pick

• Our defense is giving up: 

• 18.6 PPG 

97.5 rush yards per game

• Our offense is averaging 30.7 PPG. That is a 12 point differential between the offense and defensive PPG average!!

Our turnover differential is +3. As long as we keep that turnover differential positive and keep such a wide margin between our offensive PPG and Defensive PPG average then we will absolutely win the division and get a top seed."
"I think a lot of people are just spoiled by the second half of last year.

Even before Lamar, we played super off and sloppy the first couple weeks. At this point, maybe it's a Harbaugh thing.

Remember, we were 2-2 at this same point last year with a bad loss to the Browns and a lot of fans thought we were toast.

Now if we're playing like this come week 10, 11, then that's a conversation to have."
"I should be happy with this. On paper we look potent and efficient. And yet the eye test says otherwise. Something feels off. Could it be we have everything in place but the players haven’t jelled yet? Or is the play scheme not fitting our talent? Is it because I was spoiled last year and now have high expectations on how an offense should operate? I can’t answer this question right now(or won’t admit it’s the third option), but whatever it is I hope it gets resolved"
I think we’re gonna have a dominant second half of the season after the bye.
""
"Haha, that's great. Great block from Fluker there, by the way."
"Dobbins: ""I have the ball...JK"""
"That free rusher was going right at where Lamar began the play in the pocket, you can see Lamar sidestep while behind Dobbins, and the free rusher ends up to Lamar’s left. I don’t even get it."
these guys make me nervous when they start celebrating before they get into the end zone
"Lamar's inner voice:

""oh yeah I got me a TD. Im gonna celeb...whoah whose that guy, yikes"""
That was Landon Collins who missed that tackle by the way. Did he suddenly become shit when he went to Washington? Because he was a stud the last 2 years.
I think he was asking for the ball but we see what we want to see. Still a gem
52. what is u doin
""
"Justin Tucker is outscoring more half of the Quarterbacks in the league.  Let's get some love for the greatest kicker of all time!

What's your favorite Justin Tucker moment?

Edit: fixed spelling.  I'm a dum dum."
Justen
When he kicked the football
"I still think about that failed fake FG run in SB47. He would have had a touchdown if the 49ers hadn't had the foresight to put Patrick Willis in the game.

Nothing bad came of it since obviously we won, but it would have been a god tier meme moment and people would still be bringing it up any time Tucker's legacy was discussed."
"I wear his jersey on Sundays. Justin is the GOAT.

But he owes this legendary career to luck.

Hear me out.

Week 2 of the 2012 season. Ravens Patriots, AFC championship rematch. Primetime (SNF or MNF, can't remember). Rookie Justin Tucker has replaced Billy Cundiff, who's 32 yard miss in the AFCCG dashed the Ravens Superbowl hopes. It's a close game, coming down to the wire. Baltimore drives down the field late in the 4th, down 2. Get close, but the Pats defense holds. Tucker comes out to attempt the chip shot (21 yards I think) to give Baltimore the win as time expires. The storylines and parallels are obvious.

Tucker lines up. The pressure is on. He kicks. The connection between the word ""field goal"" and ""choke"" is still strong in the mind of everyone on the field.

And he does just that. He chokes.

Justin Tucker faltered under the pressure, his kick sailing wide right, Patriots defenders celebrating.

But the football gods smiled upon him that day. The field goal was SO short, that his errant kick passed directly over the upright, and still counted.

And Justin gets his clutch reputation, that he lives up to for the next decade.

But if that field goal was one yard longer, if a Ravens player hadn't churned out a few more inches, a Patriots player brings a Raven down just a bit faster... Justins choke would have been exposed, he would have missed, the rookies confidence shattered, and Baltimore would continue to carry that tag of ""choker"".

Justin Tucker was chosen by the football gods to be what he is today. The GOAT."
Justen Tucker? Who's that?
Oh Lort
""
Right decision to sit him and heal up against a shitty team.
""
"Once the AFCN really gets into divisional games, its gonna be a bloodbath. 

Also really glad we smacked Cleveland before they started to get their offense rolling"
"Steelers 3-0 against teams w combined record 1-11. I'm not sold. Browns against 3-8-1, but their run game is lethal. I'm higher on them that steelers to take second, but we could have 3 playoff teams out of the AFCN.

Good divisonal games ahheaaddddd"
"AFC North snapshot

🏈Steelers are 3-0 for the first time since 2010
🏈Ravens are 3-1 or better for 8th time under John Harbaugh
🏈Browns are 3-1 or better for the first time since 2001
🏈Bengals (1-2-1) would be tied for first place in NFC East

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Yes we had a bad game in KC, it was bad. We didn’t play our best football and KC had a perfect game plan against us. Ok - bad game against the best team in the NFL and one of the best offenses the NFL has ever seen. It sucked yes but it was week 3

We won by 14 against Washington, and there are takes out there like we aren’t as good or there’s something wrong or fire this coach, hurriedly trade for players, etc. Are we the only team that has fans like this now and the only team that gets shit on for winning by 2 TDs? It’s like if lamar doesn’t throw 5 TDs every game people start freaking out and the media starts thinking there’s something wrong.

I get we set the bar high last year, but we (hopefully) all remember joe Flacco and pre-Flacco years where any win was great. And when the team didn’t play amazing we easily lost. Now our “not good” games apparently are winning by 2 TDs. Everyone calm down pleaseeeee."
[deleted]
Totally agree. When RGIII went in it was a 21 point game. What more can you ask for? Most games in the nfl are decided by a possession or 2 and are competitive. Being upset that we didn't win by 30+ is so unreasonable. Every team is maybe 3 injuries away from being a sub 5 win team so it's not like there are huge gaps between most teams
"Look, Im happy we’re winning. Im happy I even get to enjoy football. Playcalling/ pass rush/ O-line is sus.

We need those things to win a super bowl. The people who are echoing the same concerns as we were last season (minus playcalling and O-line) are more than validated in their concerns. We’re not saying the sky is falling but we are saying that this shit *needs* to be addressed or we’re looking at another 1 and done in the playoffs."
Don't trash the Flacco years. 2008 - 2014 was a great period for this team
Marlon Humphrey just did a player interview saying that he felt the same way about the game. But he also mentioned that Lamar told him that we shouldve scored more.
"We cheer, we boo, and we praise and we criticize.   This is what fans do.   It's ok.  Deep breathes.   Don't take it personal, it's not about you"
Last year also saw a lot of new bandwagon fans. A lot of them are pretty easy to disappoint.
"Frankly, I wished we wouldn't blow every team out. I'd rather have close, hard fought games where we could actually learn some stuff. The team needs to learn to play from behind, and in tight situations. 

We also need to figure out our personnel. Our RB's seem to take awhile to get going, our Oline still needs work, and our receivers are still shit. Some people need to start moving down the depth chart.

Fluker was solid at RT yesterday, and I think he should start over OBJ.

Boykins just ain't it. Start Duvernay and Hollywood, or at least move Snead up.

Gus and JK should be our 1-2."
"When you've been eating prime wagyu steak for 3 months straight, and then all of a sudden, your given school cafeteria meatloaf... it's gonna take some time to adjust your expectations. 

With Yanda gone and without 3 TE sets to give Lamar all the time to make MVP type plays, our play calling and production will never be as electrifying as it was last year.

Defenses have figured us out, and it's because we traded away Hurst, and our receivers aren't elite to adjust and help Lamar out. Also, our line just isn't as good as it was last year with Ronnie healthy and Yanda not retired. 

Greg Roman had a winning formula and then we just traded it away for JK Dobbins, who we only use when Ingram needs to catch his breath or in garbage time."
You guys think you can get to the SB? You like your chances more than this year?
"The entire time I’ve been a fan of this team, we’ve been the underdogs that grind out wins and knock down the giants. I honestly hated the hype last year, being on top all season didn’t feel like true Ravens football. It was stressful. I love seeing the media doubt the team, it’s who we are"
"Last week, the sentiment was that Judon was trash. Those people are quiet this week."
"Maybe it’s just me, but the run game, ESPECIALLY outside the hashes looks strange this year. I feel like they aren’t able to get past the edges nearly as well this year. Don’t get me wrong, I know Lamar literally just busted a 50yd sprint down the middle, but sometimes it seems like he’s getting contained a little bit better this year. Is it adjustment by the defenses, is our line just not as good, or am I just crazy?"
Our line is nowhere near as good as it was and we’re running 3 WRs instead of 3 TEs. It’s a big schematic difference.
"No Yanda, a banged up stanley, no Hurst"
"Simple...

1. Lamar can't do his job unless his line does their job and does it well. 

2. The line can't do their job because they're just not talented as they were last year with Yanda and an extra TE to block, giving Lamar all the time he needs to make MVP plays in the air or on the ground

3. Without the time Lamar needs to let plays develop or successfully complete accurate throws, our receivers can't do their job. 

4. Our exciting, unpredictable play calling without all the options that a talented line and an extra TE blocking gives us goes out the window and now we're a very one dimensional football team that is very predictable for good teams. Our playbook and play calling needs to be better."
Seems like a combo of not having yanda defenses not worrying about the throw too much and not having a preseason
"There's a lot to it, but I think the biggest thing is we're splitting the carries between 4 guys, and the only one who has looked good is Gus. Carrying 3 RB's just hasn't been productive. Ingram hasn't looked great, and when Lamar carries, defenses don't look surprised.

The other thing is, we haven't really opened up the passing game very well. We need to connect on some deep shots to back the defense up some, or at least keep them honest.

I don't have game pass, or whatever subscription lets you see coaches view, so I'm speculating a bit just based on the feeds I can see, but it seems defenses are playing close to the LoS. This would leave more deep shots available, but we've missed several of those to Hollywood already.

I keep seeing the Hurst trade mentioned, but I doubt that has made any difference. We had 3 TE's, but they weren't all on the field together that much. We mostly run 2 TE sets."
"I know yesterday was the first game back he was activated, but I can already see his role start to diminish to the point where he may not even see the field unless JK, Gus or Ingram gets injured. Which is a shame because I think if we used all four backs our offense would be unstoppable"
Why would the offense be unstoppable if all four backs are used? Hill isn’t better than anyone ahead of him. I don’t remember him playing more than a handful of meaningful/non-garbage time snaps last year other than when Ingram got injured/rested anyway
What does Justice Hill do as a RB that Dobbins doesn’t do better?  I don’t see why you take away from Dobbins’ touches and development just to get Hill in the game.
"I don't see how rotating Justice in would make our offense ""unstoppable"" lmao."
""
Yeah he was good for us. But what the ravens need moreso is someone like a DK Metcalf. Someone that can block well and go deep.
"He was great! He was the guy I wish Flacco had more during his career, but he never clicked with Lamar."
"Had no chemistry with Lamar and I doubt even he wanted to play for us after the season where it became obvious that we will be a run first team.

I'm ok with Hollywood."
"He is basically what Hollywood is, and Hollywood's ceiling is way higher. As another commenter said, we need someone like Julio, DK, Mike Evans or what Dez Bryant was... a big bodied WR that can go up, beat DBs based on pure strength and catch the ball. Getting a WR like that would also free up all of the double teams Andrews has been fighting through this season."
John Brown near the end was lackadaisical. I was pretty done with him at that point
"He did not want to stay. Wasn’t up to us. He wasn’t a fit for Lamar at the time.  His production dropped off a cliff when Lamar came in for Flacco. That’s no mark against Lamar or John, they just didn’t work out well at that time."
Maybe Jimmy was just on a snap count bc he was questionable but Averett playing 87% of defensive snaps was giving me anxiety the whole game lol. Id play more Levine in dime packages and keep Clark at safety.
Jimmy Smith couldn't stay healthy when he was young. Managing his load now just makes good sense. Let's keep him healthy for a playoff run.
Jimmy don’t play in October 🤣🤣 wake him up when the playoffs start
Averett has shown improvement this year.
One Desmond King please
""
Wait what? 13 touchdowns?? In what metric?
Did you edit Chris Redman off this list?
The dead are rising! And they’re scoring touchdowns!
""
I’m beyond grateful we have him as our backup but I had really hoped for his sake that some team would give him a shot at QB this year. Surely he’s better than both the Bears QB’s?
He showed why he is a low end backup with that terrible interception
I was sad for him that he wasn't able to play to a full stadium. Washington fans would have cheered him on.
"Is JJ Watt a legitimate trade target now? I know how much he means to the city, but without a head coach, 0-4, and limited time left performing at this level, maybe going to a contender would be an option?"
Maybe but I don’t think the Texans would go rebuild mode with Watson at the helm plus we don’t have the cap space to get him
"JJ did so much for Houston during the hurricane recovery. I love and respect the man but at his point of career, might as well be a hometown legend (and rightfully so)"
I doubt JJ is leaving Houston ever.
We had a better shot of trading for JJ Watt (non-zero chance in exchange for a 5th round pick) when BoB was GM.
"JJ Watt is making something like $17m a year, which is way too much. 

For comparison: he currently has the same amount of sacks (this year) as Judon and nearly the same amount of tackles.  

Hall Of Famer, but he's washed. He has only had one good season since 2016."
If you stick with a coach through 0-4 not having a coach can't be much different
That man will never agree to waive his no trade he lives Houston way too much to leave. Plus his wife is playing in Chicago now so that's probably the only team with legitimate leverage
I wish we could’ve gotten Clowney
[deleted]
"Hey everyone, I'm wondering what your favorite bar/restaurant in Baltimore is to watch games from?"
Le Couch in the northeast corner of your living room
Stay the fuck home you assholes
Dude keep yourself safe and stay inside. Covid is on the uptick right now and it's not worth it to get sick for a football game
Max’s Taphouse.
City Limits
""
Is this some kind of new teen titans?
Her dropping him is the pick RGIII threw
Stay save and stay the fuck home
"I really appreciate those of you are who willing to civilly discuss opinions about this. 

I'm going to continue to keep threads like this open for that exact reason above and to stay in line with the earlier announcement I made this year about sensitive topics in this sub. 

Unless your comment is completely devoid of anything that adds to the discussion it likely will stick around to receive the subs up/down votes."
"Nflbite.com

Stay home and watch for free. Drinks are cheaper at home as well"
"What about me? I live in New Zealand...

jk we don't have bars to watch the NFL"
"A lot of these bars are being really responsible. I wouldn't say someone should *never* patronize a bar--just don't be stupid about it. If my wife and I go out to grab a drink, we just grab a table that's at outside and at a safe distance and be careful about it."
"ITT: A whole bunch of idiots that don’t realize they can infect other people by going to these bars. 

Good reminder OP"
"Ugh, I was going to respond to some comments on this post, but it would probably be like talking to a brick wall at this point. People, just continue to wear masks, social distance, and if you have to go to a bar, make sure it's outdoors."
"Bears fan dropping by, thank you. I feel crazy with so many people actively trying to prolong this"
The bottom of this thread is exactly why America has 200k+ dead in 7 months.
I like Pickles
I'm kinda glad the Denver Flock postponed gatherings.
Fuck coronavirus but stay safe and stay indoors
Yeah reading comments here shows me exactly why the US has been a disaster handling this virus compared to other countries. Y'all some dumb motherfuckers. Stay the fuck home.
"There are plenty of bars that are handling it safely and responsible. I say go support them, and if a bar is being careless then fuck em. But really its not hard to protect yourself and everyone around you by following simple safety guidelines"
"I wish I could stay at home, working weekend SUCKS, especially now with Covid protocals. Oh well."
is there a discord for the sub that we can all join on game day and get drunk together
"The last mf in America that should get the Virus, caught it lol. Y'all niggas ain't safe. Stay inside"
"So true. I wish I was with each and every one of you cheering and cheersing. It's not the end of the world if you miss the game. Please be responsible. We can overcome this virus together. We are almost there. If we put in half the work that these people, neighbors, family, idols, first loves, randos at the gas station dedicate to this game...we can overcome this. Adapt, understand, overcome, thrive."
"1. Come into this thread.

2. Scroll down to the bottom.

3. Get depressed."
But not the protests though
I've just been having a bunch of people over to watch games. That way we don't even have to half-ass pretend to wear masks.
What’s your goal? Complete elimination of virus? As a healthy 24 yo guy who lives in a studio apartment why can’t I support my local bars? Let people live their lives and make their own choices.
How about people make their own choices?
"dude, positive rates are like 2%... no deaths. Wear a mask and be respectful and you'll be fine. Most places have outside seating as well."
"So I understand your argument that by going out to bars etc. people can become carriers even if they aren't sick themselves, and infect others. But if you aren't going out to bars or these other places yourself then how are you in any danger? If someone is that worried about becoming sick or contagious then they should be staying home, full stop.

The only argument I can see is that by going out to bars, you increase your likelihood of becoming contagious and infecting people at ""essential"" businesses that people need to visit. At that point though it seems like you're splitting hairs by telling people ""Walmart is ok to go to but fuck you for enjoying a meal at a restaurant."" I think your real issue should be with your local governments for allowing non-essential businesses to operate, not at the people visiting them within the rules set out by the governors.

I'll probably get downvoted but I'd be curious to hear others' thoughts."
"I cant live a significant portion of my life in hiding from a virus, I'll wear a mask in public and keep small social circles but I cant stay in a bunker for a year"
[removed]
"Question; which scenario is more likely to give you Covid? 

1. Going to Wal Mart
2. Going to watch football at a bar 

Reminder; Wal Mart has been open this entire pandemic... “bUt wALMart iS eSSeNTIal” nope you still run the risk of spreading it to others and getting it yourself. Life really does have risks, and what if a vaccine doesn’t come out until late next year? Please don’t tell me your plan is to sit at home all day until then and preach others should do the same? Nope, sorry that isn’t going to happen m8. 

I totally get wearing a mask and distancing sure. But come on, as long as we wear masks we really oughta be able to go to a fuckin bar man. As much as I wanna do my part to stop corona, these people saying we shouldn’t be going out and instead still staying at home all the time just seems so bizarre."
[removed]
[deleted]
"I love how Nicaragua never closed anything down, never changed anything and they are basically completely fine. This virus has a 99.99% recovery rate and everyone out here virtue signaling like they are actually saving someones life, all the while the economy is dying hard and people are committing suicide and dying from 100 other things at exorbitant rates. 

Just stop with these posts."
[deleted]
[removed]
""
"The first clip, the stadium was packed with purple! Man I miss the fans 😔"
"Montana to Rice. Manning to Harrison. Koch to Moore.

All of those throws more difficult than Mahommes touchdown ""passes"" tonight."
*All
""
"Look what happens when you don’t get outcoached. It’s crazy that the patriots had so
many defense players traded, leave in free agency or opt-out but the coaching still helps them contain the chiefs that we couldn’t even stop on third down smh. I even think our defensive personnel is better but our coaching isn’t."
Look what happens when you just run the ball down KC’s throat instead of selling out for the air game after you go down a few points
"Very valid, and depressing, point lol. Refs just bailed them the fuck out tho"
"It’s the pass rushing. KC’s offense gets disrupted by it. Mahomes had all day against us which allowed all those deep routes to develop. We had absolutely zero pass rush and it’s a huge Achilles heel for us. You can say we abandoned the run and we did, but it wasn’t going to matter based on how easy our defense made it for their offense."
"yea was just having this conversation with my brothers l, we played horrible agaisnt chiefs and this pats game is proof."
"Thats not pass rush, thats good coverage. 

Our DBs got lit up. Mahomes was throwing to wide open receivers as soon as he got the ball."
"Absurd. For once I agree with Belichick 😂

Edit: *or an INT. Either way, should've been a turnover"
Mahomes now a confirmed golden boy. Two hand touch rules apply.
Yeah no more friendly gif wars with these bitches. The chiefs are the new patriots. Mahommes whines and complains more than Tom Fucking Brady
"That was an interception, these refs are trash"
"Definitely an int, he was throwing it away. Ironic seeing Brady calls go against the patriots"
"When you play KC you play the refs. Next time we face them, I want the ravens prepared knowing that absolutely nothing will go our way. No use complaining about it."
That was some BS!!
That was a bull call.
That was reallllllllly bad
"I hate the Patriots but yeah, that was bad. Literally everything goes Mahomes’ way."
"If you wanna be them, beat them. This sub is soooo preoccupied with the Chiefs!"
We should have looked just like the patriots. Running it down their throats and controlling the ball for the majority of the game. It’s not that hard apparently. 😢
Someone should show wink martindale this game as well.
Most likely wouldn't help because it has happened a couple times before last week's game. Ravens tend to be up on their opponents in most games and he clearly doesn't adjust well outside the original game plan.
The patriots pass rushers actually got home
26-10 Chiefs running the ball clearly worked wonders 🤔😑🤷‍♂️
"I said this so many times in the game thread, they dropped everyone into coverage and rushed three, it was super effective too."
""
For the life of me I cannot understand how Wink let Mahomes light us up.
God this game is pissing me off. The Chiefs run D is terrible. We should have slaughtered this team but we had horrible offensive and defensive game plans. Didn’t run the ball on offense and blitzed way too much on defense.
"They're doing what you have to do to contain the Chiefs - control the ToP with a strong running game and keep Mahomes off the field. For some reason in all of our losses we get spooked early, abandon our strengths, and try to compete in a shootout which Mahomes will win 100% of the time"
Horrid refs as expected.
Bill and McDaniels doing an amazing job against the chiefs so far. If they had Cam they’d be winning this game by a lot.
Hey look what happens when you run and commit to it? 17 runs and 16 passes
Holy shit I’m now more embarrassed our game against the chiefs.
They said Butker > Tucker lmfao
"I think this is showing us just how much creativity on defense matters vs the Chiefs. Mahomes will pick apart standard defenses.  Now, he’ll still probably turn it around this game but it shows how to contain that stacked offense, at least for a half"
Bill’s a genius
Why didn’t Stidham start the fucking game lol
That NE secondary is locking shit down god damn
"These refs... I mean wtf are they seeing... The dude had his hands on Mahomes while trying not to fall himself and gets a flag. 

Then* Kelsey slips and its PI... Wow"
Butker is definitely no Justin Tucker
This is a weird game for a Belichick coached team to be making huge mistakes left and right
"Hoyer just F'd up big time. Took a sack as time expired going into the 2nd half. Score is 6-3 with the Chiefs leading, Patriots could have at least tied it."
"Butler sucks lol

Edit.  Auto correct - Butker."
Butktner stinks
if the chiefs played like they are tonight against us we win by 20 🤷‍♂️
RIP to the Patriots hopes this game
Anything you see the patriots doing that we can do for future chiefs matchups?
"The Pats have managed to keep Mahomes off of the field and drive down the field with freaking Brian Hoyer for almost the entire 3rd quarter.


Edit. And Hoyer screws the Patriots again by getting sacked and now losing the ball when they had a chance to at the least tie the game."
"I love how they keep promoting the Falcons vs. The Packers.

Nobody is watching that game except their fans. Not with this game on lol"
You guys are watching the wrong game LOL only kidding
Hoyer may have as many passing yards as Lamar did. That sucks.
"The trick to playing Mahomes is to slow down the game, and if anything, we sped it up."
Romo cursed that kicker lol
"Well, it's nice to see Patriots fans sad at least."
"I think I found the loophole to beat the Chiefs: You need to catch them off guard with a QB that has no (or next to no) NFL game tape.

So obviously, the next time the Ravens play the Chiefs, they need to unleash Trace McSorley and announce him as the starter moments before kickoff...

(Seriously, though; you've got to keep running the football, chew the clock and leave Kansas City's offense on the sideline. Easier said than done, however. Even when the Chiefs make a mistake, they seem unfazed by it and pick things right back up as if nothing happened.)"
Fuck the refs
I want the pats defense so bad
"Mahomes is not as on as he was last week, but damn. I think we may be overestimating where the Ravens are right now. They’re not what they were last year. Not yet at least."
It’s all about coaching. Harbs is the issue.
""
Im pretty sure we also just arent good at scheming our wrs into space.
Hill works the way he does because this chiefs offense has so many threats you have to worry about and respect equally to the point where gadget plays like the chiefs run with him and hardman are almost impossible to predict are coming
"Because he's almost always double covered, defenses commit a lot more attention to him because we have no other threats except Andrews"
Because the chiefs have so many weapons that can also make big plays. If we get behind and Roman forgets to run the ball defenses just have to cover MAndrews and Brown and we got nobody else to make big plays.
Andy Reid >x1000 G-Ro.
Im not even asking for anything that fancy just try to get hollywood on more drags and slants simple stuff.
"Hill reminds me more of a young Steve Smith Sr. in terms of playing style. Fights for the 50/50 ball. Contests deep balls. Fiery. 

Hollywood cringes and falls down at even a hint of contact. I'm a shameless Ravens homer but this team cannot scout, draft, and develop WRs. They just can't and I dont know why. Hollywood is not looking like a WR1 so far. He is undersized but more importantly he plays undersized. Hill is undersized too but he doesnt play like it."
Brown isn’t Hill. Lamar isn’t Mahomes
"Why don't we use ~~Brown~~ **Duvernay** the way KC uses Hill? I know Brown isn't Hill yet but his speed makes him a threat and they use him in so many different spots for distraction.

*FTFY*"
Because he’s not Hill and for that matter the Ravens aren’t the Chiefs.
Because Roman doesnt know what he has...
"Because teams can double Brown and shut down our entire offense. Assuming Andrews is also focused in on, who's gonna be the big threat? Snead? Boykin?

You double up Hill, and you leave Watkins and Hardman 1-on-1. You're gonna have a bad time."
Am I the only one who thinks hollywood isn't that fast?  Hill is on another level.
" Brown has magnet hands. Granted, some drops and plays didnt go his way but that's expected. He's money I hope he his proud of what he is and has accomplished. Rock on Marble."
""
Tucker is so consistent that he is forgotten. Lol
"I said it last week, and I'll say it again

RESPECT. THE. GOAT!"
"I remember when Greg Zurlein was the best kicker, then when Dan Bailey was, then when Chris Boswell was. All the meanwhile Tucker was better than all of them. Really says a lot when kickers peak seasons are pretty much on par with Tuckers average seasons."
Third game in a row with a missed kick! I wonder what that’s like?
"This game is pissing me off. Chiefs either crush their opponent, or play like shit and get the game handed to them. Never in between. Mahomes should have been picked off twice this game and of course the fumble."
Thinks he’s hot shit cuz he’s playing for the chiefs
Best kicker!
"If you take a shot at the GOAT, you best not miss."
He actually seems below average.
"tHe nFl'S gReAtEsT kIcKeR 😂😂😂

Justin Tucker: Is this your king?"
butt kicker
"Chiefs fans need to shut up about him being the best kicker. Also, when did Mahomes throw a TD? I thought they were both rushing TDs."
Tuck doesn't care if the talking heads see him as the best. He knows who he is and what he can do. That's all that matters. Let em talk if it makes them feel better.
"Oh and then the dumbass MNF crew was saying there is no one better than Mason Crosby kicking 40 yards (can't remember exact quote). I was like, do you not remember him missing 5 kicks in one game a couple years ago???"
#HE ISN’T ON LEGATRON’S LEVEL.
"Man fuck Tony Romo. Hes god and clarvoiant when he gets something right, he needs to be called out when he says dumb shit like this"
We don’t need a chiefs kicker running commentary ....
What’s the deal with this? And what I mean is... who cares?
Yeah I don't know what the hell you guys did to him. He was coming right off of the best game he's ever had and then the second we play you guys he turns into a Bears kicker.
chiefs won another one
""
Judon got all Suggs and ZaDarius's clean up sacks
Watching him win one on one pass rushes and get to quarterback is frustrating. I don't have confidence that anyone on our team can do that in a consistent basis right now.
"Yeah, but he was only so-so in his time in Baltimore. Either GB knows how to scheme him better, or he’s a rare case of an overpaid free agent living up to his contract. 

 But you’re not wrong. He’s become a beast."
I think he'd be one of my all time favorite Ravens if he was still on the team.
Ravens picked Judon over him essentially. Hindsight is 20/20 but would love to have Zadarius rn
Another sack
"As a WFT fan, I feel the exact same way about Preston Smith. He was decent with us, 5-8 sack a year guy, pretty good pressure rates across from Kerrigan. Goes to GB along w Za’Darius and starts balling tf out. Obviously I love our ends now, but makes you think there’s a reason why these guys were decent and both became nice after getting overpaid"
I'm glad we have zadarius smith however 🧀
""
I feel like Belichick would like Trace McSorley.
RGIII for sure would remember that you don’t get 4 timeouts in a half
Please no. I want Robert to have the chance to woo some mofos again but I just really enjoy him as a raven. Does that make me selfish?
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j5wv8w)"
I no longer hate Brady. I find the Bucs fascinating now. Mahomes and the chiefs are my new hate team.
"Absolutely not. Flopping is totally subjective. Knowing how incompetent these refs are, this just gives them more ways to ruin the outcome of games. 

I'll pass."
"As much as I want to say yes, subjective calls like that piss all of us off far too often.  We really don't need to add more subjective calls."
"That was literally like watching Neymar. It should definitely be a penalty and carding people for flops in soccer hasn’t been a perfect fix but it has helped.

Also, the refs will fuck up no matter what."
[deleted]
"Hate to say it but our loss was worse. Pats got screwed by the refs with that Mahomes interception. They also were playing with a back up QB.



That being said I really hope Wink was taking notes on how the Pats absolutely shut down KC for the first half."
This game was way closer than what ever the hell we did.
"QB play hurt the Pats. The game plan was perfect. Also, the refs blew some calls, too!"
This is wrong but ok.
"27-10 at halftime compared to 6-3.

Let's not get ahead of ourselves."
"/u/LocalExpoMarket is #1 nephew

delete delete delete

We got smacked, its fine, everyone move on. We'll see them in the playoffs maybe"
 Delete this nephew ;(
"It was like 3-6 going into the 4th right? We looked embarrassing, the Pats at least gave them a run for their money. If that interception was called correctly, they had a chance to win. OP is delusional."
"If you can’t beat em, be insecure about it lol"
Yeah no
"You still have time to delete this, before the morning crowd pours in."
Comment your score predictions
No predictions but Burrow is throwing 300 yards with a terrible O line. This is not an easy game on Sunday.
Lamar is gonna come in heated. 400 yards of offense from him alone. Burrow will start hot but start to fall apart in the second half. Ravens 38 bungles 24.
"We are going to be shocked that this is going to be a close game. Burrow is not flustered by blitzes and is accurate as hell. He is going to habe a career day against us. If Bengals didnt have an awfully slow and undisciplined defense I would be extremely worried.


I will be downvoted to hell saying this but Burrow will be on Mahomes level in a few years."
"Ravens 41 Bengals 20

The Bengals are building something nice. Their qb is smart and continues to improve. I just think the Bengals will be overwhelmed just like the Texans were. 

I think our offense will have a big day. I also think our DL will take over and smoke their OL."
Lamar gonna put up 50.
"Bengals fan here, it's not even going to be a competition. Lamar is going to run all over us, this defense is BAD."
AJ Green back lol. This should be fun.
[deleted]
Make burrow escape the pocket the direction you want him too...smack him with queen when he thought he was safe. I wish him best of luck but 3 picks and a fumble would be nice.
"This is gonna be a tough game Burrow is really good despite his offensive line.  Sure there defense is trash, but we still have to stop there offense.  Also even though AJ Green has disappeared this season thus far he always shows up to play vs us."
We might not like to hear this but the run game is our best defense. Our actual defense is trash. Hopefully the run game shows up on Sunday if not they're just going to screen pass us to death.
""
Every ravens player. Each and every person in the organization is extremely valuable. Rock on you beautiful souls.
"I mean, I still cannot figure out why they have him running the safety blitz on Mahomes instead of you know..... a safety"
