text
""
"I couldn't watch the video because this dude looks like a dorky looking douchebag. Was this a Buck Allen meme type of video, or is this dude really this stupid?"
Awww does someone need attention
Big Rape and the Steelers are overrated and overhyped. The Steelers fan base is talking like they are going 16-0 this season! Sorry to break it to you Pittsburgh But Lamar Jackson  and the  Baltimore Ravens are back and winning  this game #Baltimore # Ravens #NFL #steelersfansaredumb
Lol. This guy
"Yessir!! Lamar a Runningback, overrated and useless too! 

did i do that right guys?"
how many subs has this post gotten removed from
Our d is so much better than last year
""
The man didn't have a preseason. He's 5-1 and only getting better.
I love this perspective. I would be curious to see a comparison of our run game stats though. I realize our run game was historically good and you can't expect that kind of success every year but it doesn't feel like our identity this year like it did last year
This is damned good perspective.
Y’all remember when we beat the Seahawks last year @ Seattle and it give us a hugeee boost in confidence? I’m hoping we can re create that this week against a top 5 team. I don’t really see us losing to another team besides the Steelers. I’m probably reaching here but we can re create the season we had last year and top it off with a SB only other competition we have is the titans and maybe the Patriots but other than that we can really run the table
Show our yards per attempt passing.
[deleted]
Shrimp Alfredo
"Goat, because you are what you eat"
Red velvet cake after a nice shrimp alfredo
I think he’s been reported as a big fan of Ms. Carters Kitchen. Soul Food.
The browns
Other teams soul
You might be right man I could totally see him sippin on a nice refreshing strawberry milkshake after a game at his locker with his best bud Hollywood 🍓
"Obviously, Wheaties. The Breakfast of Champions™."
[deleted]
Fuller for me...
Fuller is there most impactful receiver in that he makes teams respect the deep ball but Cooks is there best WR and would be the best fit for us.
Definitely Fells. He should be pretty cheap and gives us the chance to use legit 3 TE sets again
"Fuller is an injury risk, and Cooks is a concussion risk. I would be wary about signing either.

Fells doesn’t excite me, but like you said a quality third TE could be valuable for us."
Wonder what it would take to have them let JJ Watt go? Maybe say....a 5th rounder!? /s
I like Cobb
"How about we cut Hollywood a break, I don't think hurting your foot once should able you injury prone.  Also too soon to call him just a speed guy"
"I just mainly wanted to share my excitement, I can't be more stoked to go.  I've been living in NY now for 5 years and haven't had a chance to go to a game in the Lamar Era but can finally go under unlikely circumstances, the last of which was winning in the lottery. 

If you want me to go check on your seats for you or something else let me know. Much love."
"Please scream really loud. 

If I hear you... it's Super Bowl guaranteed."
Puck fittsburgh!!!
How'd you get the tickets?
Jealous
How much did you pay for it?
"Sometimes I think I'm the only one still living in a pandemic lol.

Please stay home if you can."
We should have a code word... you scream it and then we know...
Ahhhhh enjoy! My first ravens game I ever got to go to was Lamar's debut completely by chance I got my ticket at the beginning of the year!! Have a blast you will love it he's so fun to watch in person!
Congrats Bro! i personally hope it’s not your best experience because i’m a... cough... steelers fan. but i hope u have a great time. i live in md and M&T bank stadium is a great experience
"Simple as that. 

With a win we announce ourselves as last year's Ravens, ready to fuck up the AFC North.

We lose and we might not see the playoffs."
I think it’s a little soon to be saying a loss against one of the leagues best means no playoffs.
...we are 5-1 we can afford a lost if it happens lol
A loss doesn't mean much. Ravens are going to the playoffs.
Horrible take
Uh there’s a good chance that 3 teams from our division make the playoffs this year
"After our bye, we usually make our presence felt! Time for our playoff push!!!"
"Don't forget there's an extra playoff spot starting this year, I hardly think 5-2 means we won't be in the playoffs. 

We've been spoiled the past couple years. Back with Flacco we were thrilled going 9-7 and squeezing a playoff birth out of it."
the schedule is too easy weeks 14-17 to miss playoffs lol
"Does this game have strong AFC North implications? Yes. 

Does a loss mean possibly missing the playoffs? Not at all. 

Hyperbolic takes like this are just as bad, if not worse, than declaring that we'll stunt on those hoes."
"This game is huge for the division title.

But both of these teams are almost certainly making the playoffs."
"I don't see any scenario in which we don't make the playoffs. 

Tbh, the only thing that matters to me for the rest of the season is fixing up holes and getting better with our execution. It doesn't matter if we get to last years form to go one and done again."
"Hmmm, maybe I worded this post wrong. Won't be the first time.

My point was in regard to our team's attitude and general outlook on the future.

Hope I'm wrong."
"Ah yes we will miss the playoffs that will now have 7 teams from all those juggernauts in the AFC...what a stupid ass statement. We will likely split the series against pitt this year, and probably drop a couple more like the Titans. We will be fine."
"Fan from Australia here, got hooked on nfl while in the states in 2017 and picked the ravens before the start of the 2018 season when we drafted lamar (worked out pretty well so far)   


anyone else on here from down under?   


FUCK THE STEELERS!"
"Yes mate.

Was the only ravens fan at the Grand Central in Brisbane during Superbowl in 2013. When the 49ers started to come back after the blackout I was copping it. Thank Christ for the goal line stand, fake punt and shutting down their last 'rugby union' lateral play. I was emotionally exhausted.

Fuck the Steelers."
"Seconded! From Melbourne here, have been a Ravens fan for about 10 years ago, and was very lucky to see us in Miami back in 2013 I think? Can't wait to get back!!



Oh, Fuck the Steelers!"
Checking in from Adelaide!!
"Another Aussie fan. I like black unis and ray Lewis.



Fuck
The 
Steelers."
Melbourne - caught a few games 4 years ago in Baltimore. Been a fun decade of ravens watching for me! Wrangled a few mates to the flock too
"From the states myself, but it's good to see the fuck the Steelers week become an international movement."
"Same. Was the only Raven supporter at tbe Hotel Alexandria, sitting right up the front. Copped a lot of abuse that day."
"#FUCK -THE - STEELERS

# OI OI OI"
"Glad to see our worldwide flock!!

FUCK THE STEELERS!"
"Native from Baltimore area, but my girlfriend is from Australia. Some family in Sydney, some in Melbourne. Was shocked to see how deep the flock runs!!!! Their family were fans before her fathers company relocated them to Baltimore area.

Btw.. Go Roosters💪🏽

Edit: Fuck the Steeeelers"
"Side note: i'm in syd. 

&#x200B;

you guys got NFL games pass? i swear there was more ravens games shown on espn / 7 mate last season"
yes FCUK us
"Baltimoron that’s lived in Melbourne for several years. Watched the last SB at Crown. Trying to convert all my aussie friends to ravens fans. Here’s to gettin up to watch us kick the shit out of Pittsburgh. When this whole covid thing is done, we need to all watch a game together. Maybe one in feb?"
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jiudkb)"
Yellow and black kinda suss
Wait!!!!! I want to vote again!!!
Some hot takes here
[deleted]
"Tomorrow,  they rushed to get his deal done so he could do his covid protocol and 2 day quarantine prior to the facility for practice, same with Dez's tryout with 2 others"
"Just a thought, I don't think the vikings were as stupid as people think they are with the Yannick trade.

First off the Vikings gave up a 2nd round draft pick, and a conditional 5th round pick. 

Vikings made this deal thinking they would be contenders for the play offs...they are at 1 and 5 they ain't going to the playoffs.

Yannick is a very good linebacker, his rookie contract is up this year (the contract we now have him on) top end linebackers are getting $15+ Million a year. He could be expecting a payday of $20+ Million a year or more. Now we know the cap is likely to go down for 2021. Many teams are going be facing tough decisions and the question the Vikings needed to ask themselves

Do we keep a star like Yannick on our team knowing full well that come next season he's going be demanding a big payday...or do we trade him and get some draft picks to use to rebuild a team with.

Now what we did we give the Vikings for Yannick

* 3rd round 2021 draft pick
* Conditional 5th round pick for 2022

Now I couldn't find out what the conditions for the 5th round pick is but basically the Vikings got back almost what they gave, which is more value to them if they had kept him. Had they kept him ok, their team gets a few more sacks, maybe produces a few more turn overs, they still don't make it to the play offs. Yannick goes into free agency and its unlikely the Vikings would have been able to pay Yannick enough to stay.

The Ravens are a play off contender team, also Yannick wanted to be back in Maryland. Yannick wants a ring, and the Ravens is the perfect combo. Who knows maybe because of those factors we get a team friendly deal out of Yannick. If not? Well he's very likely to help us making a deeper run this year in the play offs which is something we are all hoping for.

This deal was good for both sides. Hindsight is 20/20 and I'm sure the Vikings would have prefered to have never acquired Yannick, but at least they got most of what they paid for him back. I think Eric DeCosta saw that, and that is why we got such a great deal for Yannick."
Agree. Sunk Cost Fallacy.
"Steelers fan coming here in peace. I was so upset when you guys traded for Yannick, it felt like the only piece missing on an already amazing defense. How does your front office seem to constantly get these talented guys for next to no draft capitol? It's starting to feel a bit unfair lol. I'm looking forward to this Sunday, it should be an awesome game like most times we play you guys."
Conditions on the 5th are it becomes a 4th if Yannick makes 1st team All-Pro
"Thing is they would probably have gotten a 3rd round come pick for him anyways but that would have been for 2022. Basically they got a 5th rounder back and got a 1year advance on their 3rd rounder, all the while helping tank for a better pick. It’s not a horrible trade but I’m surprised they couldn’t get a 2nd back for him"
"Don't forget comp picks. The Viks would have gotten one if(when) he left in free agency, and we will get one if we don't give him a big deal and he walks after half a season with us. So Viks basically get a conditional 5th for him, because they'd have likely gotten a compensatory 3rd for him assuming a big contract elsewhere. Now if we end up losing him we get the comp pick instead, so worst case scenario we get a fantastic player for half a season and it just cost us a conditional 5th. Best case, we extend him and he becomes a long term member of the flock."
"Yeah, they're just trying to make the best out of a bad situation by recouping draft picks while also jettisoning a pricey player. Not as awful on their part as people make it out to believe. They're prepping for the tank."
"**2019 Week 4: Ravens lose to Browns 40-25:**

* Ravens ILBs were abused both in run and pass coverage.  Afterwards, the Ravens signed experienced ILBs LJ Fort and Josh Bynes to take over for the mistake prone Kenny Young. These 2 players greatly exceed their midseason signing expectations.

&#x200B;

**2019 Week 6: Ravens beat Bengals 23-17:**

* Entering this game, the Ravens were down their slot CB and CB2. As a result, the Ravens had Carr at CB1, Averett at CB2, and Humphrey in the slot. A horrible Bengals offense was suffocated on most fronts but were able to move the chains vs the weak link CB Anthony Averett. The Ravens defense could not function with such a weak secondary that they needed desperately to make up for the weak pass rush. This resulted in the Ravens trading for CB Marcus Peters, who quickly replaced Averett and turned a weakness to a strength.

&#x200B;

**2019 AFC Playoffs Divisional Round: Ravens lose to Titans 28-12:**

* The Ravens didn't trust Gus Edwards to replace Mark Ingram so the offense had to rely on solely Lamar all game. As great as Lamar is, he can't carry an entire offense on his own. To make sure they're never in this situation again, they draft JK Dobbins to deepen the RB group and have a backup plan for Ingram.
* Derrick Henry ran all over a Ravens defense that was weak in run defense and relied on their elite secondary. The Ravens defense relied on the Ravens offense scoring points quickly to force the opposing offense to abandon the run and attack the strength of the Ravens defense, their secondary. However, the Ravens realized that they need a contingency, a backup plan to win games that don't initially go as planned. They were exposed that teams could beat them if they take an early lead and their team is built entirely on snowballing an early game lead. To counter this, the Ravens made signings to bolster their run defense and  give their team a chance in games where their offense doesn't get off to a hot start: Calais Campbell, Derek Wolf, Justin Madubuike, Malik Harrison, and Patrick Queen.

&#x200B;

**2020 Week 3: Ravens lose to Chiefs 34-20:**

* The Ravens defense relied on blitzing to generate pass rush and let their secondary do the rest. Mahomes is a blitz killer and knew exactly how to attack the blitz. The Ravens get Yannick Ngakoue to pair with Calais Campbell and make a decent pass rush at least. Therefore, they don't have to blitz as much against elite minds that know how to deal with blitzes.
* Ravens offense went pass heavy way too quickly after just a 3 point deficit. This was a panic move and we won't know this issue is fixed until the Ravens are in a similar situation where they are down by 1 score. **\[Issue unresolved\]**
* Ravens offense couldn't play from behind because of a lackluster pass offense largely due to unreliable targets. Andrews is obviously reliable and Brown has his moments but an offense can't just have one reliable target or else defenses will key in on him. Defenses have been keying in on Andrews a lot this year. I think the next and final move the Ravens will make before  the trade deadline is a 2nd reliable target for Lamar. An Edelman like WR that has high agility and YAC to excel underneath. **\[Issue unresolved**"
I think duvernay would be a great YAC receiver but doesn’t look like we are scheming plays for him. At least not yet. I want to see him on slants and crossing routes so show off his speed
"This is a great.  EDC is very good at addressing holes in the roster.  The problem is, and has always been, that Harbaugh is only as good as his coordinators and right now they aren't very good at adjusting.

Roman came up with a good scheme last year but has been unable to adjust to the league.  His schemes don't produce open recievers, he doesn't throw screens and he abandons the run.  Part of this is personnel, you cant fix Boykin choosing the wrong options, but its gotta get better.

Wink has built one of the best defenses in the league but when forced to contain Mahomes his go to was blitz after blitz, which Reid beat with screen after screen. Yannick should go a long was to fixing this but this defense still needs to play better against good offenses."
Andrews is not reliable. He dropped like 10 passes in the chiefs game including TD.
I think they need a big body guy that they wanted Boykin to become. Their slot is covered between Snead and Duvernay. They also need an OL.
"While I agree that Andrews is normally reliable, the thing that stands out to me is how much he dropped passes in the Titans and Chiefs losses.  It's like when he gets the yips... The offense sputters.  Anyone else notice that?"
"I really hope Roman took this bye week as an opportunity to draw up some schemes to get guys open. Defenses adjusted and have been able to shut our O down. Now we have to adjust and figure out what they’re doing and how we can counter it. 

That and getting Duvernay and Dobbins involved more will help. They’re both more explosive than our other options at those positions and they need to get more touches."
The team seems to get cocky whe ahead and then they make mistakes.  Its cost them repeatedly.
"Doesn’t the Dez signing address issue number 3 for this year?  

Sure we don’t know if it will work out, but a solid move has been made.  

I’m more concerned about the interior O-line.  Having four D.Hopkins out there won’t matter if Lamar is running for his life every play."
[deleted]
Same. I’ll give him a call later and ask.
""
"We don't need *another* DE, and Griffin has not been good this year."
If were trading with the Cowgirls give me Gallup
We might wanna be careful giving up too many picks. Especially when they’re for aging guys like Everson Griffin.
Nah this isn’t a good trade at all even for a 5th.
"Lions gave Dallas a conditional 6th, doing their best EDC impression"
"This makes absolutely no sense, they need to stop beefing up the defense and address the OL. This ain't gonna happen EDC can't be involved in something do daft."
"Lol I guess I should’ve prefaced this post by saying that I’m just poking fun at the idea that it seems like EDC can get anyone he wants for a fifth round pick. I for one don’t really want Everson Griffin nor do I think we need him, just thought it’d be a nice little joke"
"We don't need a DE now , the only one I'd consider trading for is JJ Watt"
""
"the contract was never the problem, it was more that two of the most well-run and stable organizations in the NFL decided it wasn't worth having a top 5 WR on their team"
I told someone like a week ago AB isnt getting a star or even average contract at his position. He was gonna have to earn it just like Cam does.
"$0.00 guaranteed money. That means anybody could've had him, but only one team wanted him."
[removed]
"https://www.epa.gov/lead/forms/lead-hotline-national-lead-information-center#:~:text=By%20Phone%3A%20Call%20and%20speak,424-LEAD%20%5B5323%5D."
His passing stats so far are as good or better than at the same point last year. He’s not running as much and that’s deliberate. Have patience friend!
""
"I’m a simple man. I see Jojo, and I see truzz, and I upvotes."
I’ve been out the anime game a while...
As a jojo fan and a ravens fan this makes me feel happiness
Lol this is awesome. Do I need to finish watching this show? Only got like 1.5 seasons in
"""So my defense, star purple is the same as your steel curtain..."""
Big Ben out there like some walking road rolla so we gotta use the same type of pass rush to get to him
Now we need JoJo memes for Patrick “Killa” Queen
"Amazing. Conflicting because my screen name everywhere else is ""It was I, Dio!"" But amazing."
u/Savethisvideo
Is this anime good ?
PLEASE all the Jojo Ravens gifs we can make. My two favorite things!
This is awesome man
OH MY GOD-UH!!!!
So.... what happens?
This is amazing.
That’s some top tier shit right there
"FUCK THE STEELERS

Having said that, I was so mad when they took Chase Claypool.

Fuck the Steelers."
"I'm another longtime Ravens fan from north of the border. I made it down to MT Bank in 2010 when we beat the saints. I had to watch my guys Ed Reed and Jarret Johnson do their thing. I made the short trip down to Cleveland last year to watch Lamar for the first time, all the Cleveland fans thought I was from Ocean City, I had to look up Ocean City after the game. As always fuck the Steelers."
One of us. One of us. One of us
"Another Canadian Ravens fan woop woop!


Yeah I was made they got Claypool too - saw a guy with a jersey of his a few weeks ago. 


Depending on where you are in Canada, the drive to Baltimore isn’t remarkably far - around 8 hours anywhere between Montreal and Toronto. Really worth it, 100% recommend when allowed again."
"Ravens fan from Alberta here. FUCK THE STEELERS.

I feel you on Claypool though

&#x200B;

edit: autocorrect got me"
"Welcome to the coolest fans around, eh?!"
"Longtime Ravens fan from Alabama here! FUCK. THE. STEELERS! EDC has a slong so big elephants look on in envy! Also, browns fans: STFU about us stealing your team. You don’t know pain! 

Phew... that felt good"
NHL team?
"As a Norte Dame guy, I didn’t think he would be as good as he’s been. I swear it isn’t the Pitt front office nailing receiver picks, it is some magic shit in the water in Pittsburgh and you cannot tell me otherwise."
I think it's dope that the flock is worldwide and love hearing from fans from other countries.
Chiming in from Canada as well!  What made the Ravens your team for you?
"There are literally dozens of us! Checking in from Vancouver. Got to go to the Seahawks game last year for my birthday, went alone and spent the whole day drinking - purple jerseys went nuts after the Peters pick-six. Went out to celebrate after, and everyone was really friendly 
(Seahawks and Ravens fans alike).

FUCK THE STEELERS."
"Canadians!
Welcome friends. Question, are any of you CFL fans as well? If so, what team?
Thoughts on NFL expansion in Canada?

Ok more than 1 question.

Fuck the Steelers!"
"#WeTheNorth

Made to the NYE game against the Bengals for my first ever NFL game and damn it was colder than the North lol"
Andrews and Ertz would’ve been a deadly duo 😢
F5 all day
My gf is an eagles fan so I watch a ton of their games.... the Eagles haven’t targeted Ertz often this year. Half of his targets are last ditch thrones either in double coverage or too high/low...they’ve also been trying to develop their younger guys since they’re often way more open.  Ertz is an All-Pro TE..in a shitty situation... I’d be pumped to see him in Baltimore
Ertz has been booty cheeks all season.  I picked up his backup on the waver after he went down and the backup played far better than ertz has.
We got rid of Hurst because there weren't enough targets for him here.  Maybe I'm missing something.
"4-6 week timetable, may even be cheaper for a playoff type move"
Hope this means in general that we are looking to add a 3rd tight end.
No Nick Boyle love here?? Lol
"Would be cool if they added another *legit* tight end. Hopefully they keep trying, perhaps someone not as good as Ertz but an average/serviceable TE available for a late round pick. Already low on draft capital this year with 3rd gone and only 1 projected comp pick."
""
"OK Boykin, learn from Dez!"
Cowboys fan here. You guys are getting a passionate guy who intensely loves the game and wants to win. I hope he can contribute.
"Expectations are almost nothing, but it would be a cool story if he comes back after that long and can make the gameday roster and be productive.


Edit. 

To the guy who responded calling me young but deleted his comment: Dez hasn't played football in three years. That's a lot of time to be out of the game."
"Officially official.

Wonder how long until he’s on the game day roster, if at all."
"almost no risk, high reward"
"Ozzie tries to draft him in 2010; jumped by Cowboys.

Ozzie tries to sign him in 2018; turns down multi-year deal for a prove-it and gets hurt.

Third time's a charm. Welcome to the Flock, Dez. Hope you're more Anquan/Steve Smith SR than Michael Crabtree."
DEZ CAUGHT IT
"It was DEZtined. 

Love youuuuuuuuuuuuuu"
"He can be pulled up on game days because of the covid rules, right? We can activate someone from the practice squad so we could probably try him out in game with no risk to anyone else’s roster spot"
"Hopefully he can make an impact. We don't need the flashy, speedy Dez of old, as we have Brown. We just need a receiver that can get 8yards downfield, be open, and catch the ball."
Last time I got excited for a veteran receiver it was Crabtree. This situation is obviously a lot different but we all know how that turned out lol.
Great news. He'll be ready for next week and beyond hopefully. He's a rock solid addition based on some of his recent youtube videos where he is absolutely unstoppable.
YA WE GOT A TALL BOY TO GO WITH OUR SPEEDY BOYS
"I mostly just follow the Ravens so forgive me, but why was Dez just sitting around over the past few years?"
"As long as he can come up with a tough catch or two a game, I'll be more than happy"
"I'm not super hyped about this. Dez should have taken the deal we offered him last time, and I don't think our offense needs more WRs, if he even turns out to be good after 3 years without playing. I think we just need to start being more creative with play calling and utilizing our top tier RBs. But if he contributes and keeps his ego in check then I can't complain."
let’s fucking go love you EDC
Let’s gooooo
"Glad he is here, but he still has a ways to go before seeing the field."
Man I just want to see him throw the X up one more time
After his emotional response i hope he makes the team
This is awesome. Yes he won’t be what he was and years away from the game is tough to overcome but people forget he was one of the best receivers in the league. It’s not like we just brought back Tandon Doss or something.
I think this will work out. Dez is a big body possession wide receiver ready to prove to everyone he can still play. He'll make the wr room better with his presence and experience.
"Here is hoping he's full healthy, comes back explosive and does great for us and for him. Nothing more than seeing someone making a comeback in their career and having the Ravens organization is going to help."
"I like this. Even if Dez never makes it up from the practice squad, he still brings a lot of experience to a very young receiving crew."
"On his Twitter:

>emotions running high right now...I’m thankful...I can’t stop crying 

This dude fought so hard to come back. Let’s GO!

(Side note: I went to see him vs Andrew Luck in a bowl game live and thought he was the best college WR I ever saw live)"
"Excited, but not getting my hopes and dreams up. Obviously our WR core just got better with this signing but Dez is coming back from a long absence of football/injuries. Going to have to be VERY VERY...VERY patient with him. Honestly I think we won’t see his full potential until the playoffs. Dez isn’t the answer to our offense but he is a nice addition. Our SB run depends all on Lamar Jackson and how he is able to cope with adversity."
Why do you think they signed him to PS and not the active roster?S
Useless
"Source: The \#Ravens are signing WR Dez Bryant to the practice squad. Officially back.

***

posted by [@RapSheet](https://twitter.com/RapSheet)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Probably not the best plan with his injury history to wear the 88 in Baltimore, the last 88's freak injury ended his career"
Still hate that guy.   He should have joined us years ago and we wouldn't have had to settle for Craptree
Boykin needs to go to the bench for the time being to learn.
""
"I think it’s fair for fan’s to be hopefully optimistic, but we must be realistic too. It’s highly unlikely we get this version or even a version close to this. But if we got close to even half of what he once was, it could be beneficial for us. 

But it all starts at the line. They need to improve for our receivers to improve."
"Side note,  Hurry back Dak!"
This being 4 years ago already makes me feel kinda sick.
steelers fans here. i’m not too familiar with the protocols. what are the. chances he plays sunday?
"As a Cowboys fan, I’m so stoked for this. He’s gonna be a huge red zone threat when he is activated"
"I’m a cowboys fan lurking the Dez posts, and seeing how much time Dak had back when our line was healthy was surreal... I miss it."
Fuck the Steelers
"You mean the defense that was on pace to be the best defense the NFL has EVER seen 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/27944792/the-patriots-best-defense-nfl-history-really-keep-up%3fplatform=amp"
Yeah but the Steelers are wayyyy better than the Oats last year don’t lie to yourself about that lol
"Fuck the Oats.

Fuck the Steelers."
FTS we got this
""
It’s so odd to me that that emoji is a crying emoji.. I always use it as a laughing emoji
10 years later than it should have happened.
"Is he going to see much if any action outside of practice? He hasn’t played a snap in over 3 years at this point, right?"
"Just wait til he gets us that game changing clutch TD, maybe even in a playoff."
Oh how the turntables..
Why did it take so long for him to get picked up?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZzEzDkeHzI
"Can someone explain to me what this deal is for? Is he being brought on the team to help teach our WRs? Is he going to practice squad to get in shape for maybe starting week 13 or 14 on our roster? I am so baffled by this? I love Dez, but I just thought this guy are finished. Is he here to be a possession receiver to fill our ever lasting void of Bolden? Someone educate me please"
""
"I'd like to give a huge shout-out to Dean and his team from Thread Level Midnight for helping make Mo's Rows a reality. I am honored to be a part of this kids memory. Mo, we miss your giggle on the fan, your infectious energy, and your ridiculous Pick-to-Clicks. Let's stack those wins Ravens Nation."
This is so cute. Fly high Mo💜🖤
"Got mine too along with my F**K. CANCER. shirt!

Really, a very well done package and these shirts are really high quality."
"Agreed. Beautiful thing to receive and a beautiful soul to celebrate. Miss you, Mo!"
Was this special order or are they still available?
Dang I didn’t get the certificate or card!
I didn't realize this was a thing! Then you!
Pretty incredible.
""
See him Dec 3rd Vs the Cowboys
"I think he will. Our production at the position has been non-existent. We could put Moore on the field, and not even know."
"He will, because Boykin is a bonafide scrub."
[deleted]
"They're leaking onto ticketmaster and stubhub, but be prepared to pay.  Most are listed at 2x face value right now."
I haven’t seen anything for this weekend but if you wanna go on the 26th the cheapest ticket available is for $350 on Ticketmaster.
i have an extra if your willing to pay a steelers fan. one of my friends cancelled. dm me if interested
I have two to sell in section 136 (corner endzone on the Ravens side). I'd like to sell above face but would go below current market to sell to a Ravens fan.
"Recently moved to the UK a few years ago from the DMV

&#x200B;

Here to say Fuck the Steelers"
Yinzers are the chavs of the mid atlantic: change my mind
How do you watch the games?
""
Why would they put up with it for so long then give up when they finally have Burrow?
"Why? They have a rebuilding team with a legit QB? So they got spanked in the second half by a rival 3 seasons down the rebuild line. It happens.

Burrow looks better than Mayfield."
"All of their games, except when they played us, have been within a score. This is great for them imo. They are still a competitive team, that just has a few holes to fill and once filled will again be the pain in the ass of the division. They are sorta tanking but gracefully. Next year this division is going to be insane."
That game was the final straw?! 😂
""
 It does my heart good to see we have an international fan base!
"My completely Korean cousin in Korea is a huge Ravens/Orioles fan. Ppl have no idea what the bird is about but every once in awhile he meets a westerner and they strike up a conversation. 

Go Ravens!"
Where u at? English raven fan living in groningen rn
Dutch flock represent. Yessir. Belee dat.
Greetings from the german ravens flock
"That flag brings back very mixed memories. Yes, the game was fun regardless, but it was also very painful."
Who’s the signature from?
"My great grand parents are from Rotterdam, I need one of these flags!"
The more the better
I have the same flag hanging above my tv. The every decibel counts flag.
"So, I knew we had a big following in the UK and I think the wire’s timing with the old ravens squad helped that, but I’m starting to think we’re the international team?  That’s pretty darn cool!"
"Getting ready for sunday in Norway above the arctic circle too! Ravens fan since -96, Fuck the Steelers!"
Hup hup!
Thanks for the international love bird bro!!! You have good taste 😏
""
[deleted]
His nose never looked the same after that.
When you rape people you pay a price
"Upshaw had a sick sack against Big Ben I think I’m 2013, although it got called back for a penalty"
I hope something similar happens this week.  Big Ben is a shit human and I enjoy watching him get hit and hit hard.
"I was at this game! I will always love seeing this video. 

Fuck the Steelers."
"Normally I hate to see any player get injured, but this was a different story"
Can we also not forget Ray Lewis knocking out hines ward?
Back when we had a pass rush. Remember the golden days when our run D was insane??
Bring this energy Sunday 👊🏼
I always wondered why his nose was so crooked
I don't even see how Ngata broke shithead's nose.  I guess rapelessburger's helmet hit the ground funny.
""
""
Wouldn't mind signing him long term
Give Yannick what we were gonna pay Judon and show Judon the door please.
Get hudons scrub ass outta here
""
""
He sucks but I would not mind with Averets injury tbh
I'd rather pilfer some teams practice squad.
Maybe edc always up to something tho
I would unironically rather roll into the game with Bonds or Dorsey at CB4 and wait for Averett (who is way better) to get healthy.
Maybe practice squad? Idk
I rather have Gilmore....
""
I’m ready for the offense to start clicking. It’s gonna feel so good. I think it’s gonna be tough to establish the run game with our OL vs their DL but it’s gonna be pretty important to us winning.
Top 10 anime fights
Real talk I know goku and saitama are the big bois but do y’all think all might in his prime can hang ?
🔥🔥 meme
Ravens better not come out flat that’s all I know
"Steelers fans shitting on Lamar’s passing volume, but ignore that he’s averaging about 60 on the ground and is still top 10 in QBR."
"If the Ravens win, I’m going to need the highlights video to have [the Ultra Instinct music](https://youtu.be/h8qg-XzHgUk) behind it."
They should flex this game to prime time
So who is Android 17? The real winner of the tournament
I am a Steelers fan I just came out of the r/Steelers subreddit and saw this. All I am gonna say is that this is gonna be a good game!
Lamar mastered ultra instinct this Sunday
"Well this is my new background for the week. Good luck, Clean game, all that jazz. 

As long as we split 1/1 for the season its all I can ask. Well that and Jackson with under 30 rushing yards."
"This will be one of the most intense games of the entire season in all of the NFL. I am expecting an extremely close asshole quenching game, but hoping for a surprise slaying of the Steelers"
The bye didn’t help when we were in the playoffs last year tho
"You know Goku lost to Jiren, right? You expecting the Browns and Bengals to be Frieza and 17 or something?"
"If this game doesnt result in our new pass rushers obliterating Roth, ill be disappointed."
I can hear the music in this picture.
Not a fan of how we match up but any given Sunday. Let’s get it
"As a Chiefs fan:  take my energy 🙌

Edit: p.s. love you brothers in badassery."
"Logo isn’t even a fucking thing. 
 That does not look like a “Steeler”, but more so a 49er knockoff."
Damn anyone else remember what happened last year in the playoffs after a bye week
Okay
"Last time y’all came off a bye week y’all got absolutely embarrassed in a playoff game. 

That being said. Screw the Steelers, I hope you guys beat them. 
-your neighborhood bengals fan just passing through"
Not gonna lie though Ravens arent looking all that great imo. They only faced one good team so far and got mauled...
"Since a lot of us international fans have been posting I'd like to know where the majority of us (outside of north America) are from

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jj8zwv)"
"Raised in the Baltimore, living in Alaska now."
"Eastern Ontario, Canada"
"We come from the land of the ice and snow
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow..."
UK representttttt
The lower slower Eastern Shore of Maryland
LA baby
Bmore. Live in Colorado now
"Auckland, New Zealand but live in Sydney, Australia now."
"Monterrey, México!"
I'm from Curitiba - Brazil!!
North Dakota.
"Grew up in VA, but went to Peabody for undergrad."
Upstate South Carolina baby
Guam!
NJ
"From Baltimore originally, now living in France."
San Antonio TEXAS
MD native here.
"New York City, right off the I-95. Perfect for commuting to the BANK."
"Balmer, Hon"
[deleted]
""
Glad to have you back dude! Good video. I think the week 2 vid ran a little long and you're better off sticking to the Ravens.
"I love seeing this! Thanks for the video. As a Baltimore native, a Ravens fan and a NZ All Blacks supporter I sincerely know what it’s like to cheer for a team few know of. Cheers!"
*cough cough OLine*
""
I mean that is what happened. Except for Lamar dreaming about his 20th ring.......lol
I'm happy we're relevant and being mentioned with champions. I'm still very optimistic on Lamar's career so I can definitely laugh at jabs at the Ravens.
Gridiron Heights still the GOAT tho
That shit hurted
[deleted]
"“Will you shut up, man”?"
Ahhhhhh shaddup
can we stop with this shit
"This sub is obsessed with AB. You’d think he’d played for us with how much people are willing to make excuses for him. Do we need receiver help? Yea, of course, but AB just isn’t happening."
"If you want to root for low character pieces of shit, go be a bucs fan. We don’t sign people like ab, never will"
Can you sit and wait until after the deadline for garbage like this
Not even a fit for the offense. Ertz...that's a fit.
Why would you want that toxicity in our locker room? This team ain't meant for divas
[deleted]
[deleted]
"That username though,  upvotes are mandatory!"
You’d have to order a custom from NFLShop or wait until all the fakes start getting made.
Goodwill in like 11 months.
Probably nowhere. He hasn't even made it off the practice squad yet.
https://www.nflshop.com/mens-baltimore-ravens-dez-bryant-nike-purple-game-jersey/p-37786877144122+z-9373-3180642593
Why would you want that?. But I’m sure you can custom create one.
There are a lot of pretty solid fake jerseys on Chinese sites like DHgate. I’m pretty sure you can get them custom made.
"Probably from a crack-head in dallas! fuck the cowboys and the squeelers!

&#x200B;

MD!"
Apparently Christmas is coming a little early this year.
Are we even gonna get anything now?
Woo!
And pictures from inside the stadium will flow into this sub! Right? Right!
"View the game in person now, view the game on a ventilator in December. Hear comes the third wave country wide and we have idiots packing NFL stadiums."
""
Wouldnt it be great The Elite Dragon awoke on the Cheifs?
We’re so spoiled
This gonna carry through on Sunday
Gold
"These videos are awesome, always make me lol."
"Man, Flacco had his moments. Dude gets way too much hate."
Hahah flacco
[deleted]
Same question was asked [yesterday ](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jinf2y/what_position_do_you_want_to_see_drafted_in_the/)
""
Offers were likely rescinded regardless post-injury
"I live in Southeast PA and see a lot of Eagles games. Ertz looked bad this year so far, lot of drops."
Probably not.. injury + declined production before injury.
""
Man I remember like it was yesterday when Torrey Smith caught that TD I’m pretty sure I shat myself.
Torrey fucking Smith. Still my favorite drafted Ravens wideout
I miss Boldin so much
""
Jacoby catching the mile high miracle right in the bread basket
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/54/ac/32/54ac3238a9badf155b3d872097149c91.jpg
Tomlin trying to trip Jacoby.
https://imgur.com/a/8Ub87fF
Jermaine Lewis pointing to the sky as he ran back a kick off for a [touchdown](https://media.gettyimages.com/photos/football-super-bowl-xxxv-baltimore-ravens-jermaine-lewis-victorious-picture-id81392407?s=2048x2048) in Super Bowl XXXV.
"Bart Scott [planting](http://darkroom.baltimoresun.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/BS-bs-roethlisberger-scott-.jpg) Ben.

Edit: fixed link"
[deleted]
I like Ed getting spun around during a int return and strolling into the end zone backwards doing a moonwalk (I think against the Redskins). But that’s more of a clip than a picture
Haloti Ngata standing over Big Ben
Ed with the Lombardi and confetti is prolly my personal fav
https://i.imgur.com/w3fecRL.jpg
It's probably not iconic but it will [always be one of my ll-time favorite Ravens games](https://ca-times.brightspotcdn.com/dims4/default/99f0901/2147483647/strip/true/crop/471x512+0+0/resize/840x913!/quality/90/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcalifornia-times-brightspot.s3.amazonaws.com%2F82%2Fdc%2Ffe0fab74c7cbf75d19e28757e898%2Fsdut-baltimore-ravens-running-back-20160828) and what the main two did in this picture was epic.
[https://imgur.com/a/K5KNqsF](https://imgur.com/a/K5KNqsF)
https://www.steelcityunderground.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/DropboxChooserAPI_tempBrown13_GAME_WINNING_TD_vs_Ravens_12252016-nfl_mezz_1280_1024-1200x600.jpg
"Do you think we should make a play for Odell, obviously once he recovers. I personally believe he hasn't lost his talent, Baker Mayfield is widely inconsistent and two I think more schematically he just did not fit into that team. I think both sides have started to see this may decide that Odell's departure is the best option. I love the idea of having him, Dez and Hollywood Brown, in addition to our TEs, our offensive weapons would be pretty good. 

I understand why people may not want him, but I think he has calmed down over the years and since people here wanted Antonio Brown who I believe is much worse, what's wrong with having Odell? Another reason is that he may cost some draft picks and I think our roster has some holes to fill especially on that O-Line. 

The only thing I'm unsure about is the cap hit, I'm not too good at that side of things however, I was reading that his contract is worth 15 mill a year and after this season he'll have 3 more years on his contract so I don't think it will be too bad on us. Lamar does needs to get paid soon there's also that to consider. 

Let me know your thoughts?"
"No. Here’s the thing, this team isn’t for anybody that is going to be calling for the ball constantly, because they’re just going to get frustrated and become a cancer."
Wouldn't be a culture fit. Wouldn't be worth the cap space with the big names we need to re-sign.
I don’t know about his cap space but I would love to have him on the team.
""
"It makes sense that quarterbacks drafted into better run organizations tend to do better. If that's the case, we might be looking at stable quarterback play for years to come, even after Lamar eventually retires with 3 super bowl rings...please don't sell the team Bisciotti"
"His conclusion - *""it’s still too early to answer the question of who’s the best QB drafted in 2018""*

If you can't tell who the best 2018 QB is, maybe analysing and writing about football isn't the job for you."
This analysis feels incomplete since it doesn’t really consider rushing.
""
Mascot Poe > Dontari Poe
We're good. No thanks. All I want from Dallas is Gallup. Nobody else there is worth it
They can't make a roster on one of the worst defenses I have ever seen. So no.
Dontari Noe
"I mean their defense can't get worse, right?"
"First time crossposting, I hope I did it right. 

Are any of these good pickups?"
"In terms of should the Ravens get them, absolutely not. Worley is one of the worst CB's in the league, and if Poe can't cut it on that D-Line? Sheesh

From a Cowboys GM perspective though, why cut them now? You need bodies to finish the year, and if they embrace the tank then these guys are prime candidates"
Chykie Brown and Asa Jackson
I bet if we cut Marlon and Marcus we can make it work
"I want Eric Weddle back in some capacity. 

Even as a defensive consultant of some kind."
Corey Graham but unironically
Oh god this thread is NOT a fun trip down memory lane
Lardarius Webb has entered the chat.
Chris McAlister!! Pick up the damn phone EDC!!!
Let's call Kyle Arrington and see how he's doing
Corey Ivey
Will thrill hill
Rashaan Melvin is probably available too.  Might as well shore up the safeties with Matt Elam
Wait wait wait hear me out...Matt Elam
"What, no Fabian Washington yet?!"
Don’t forget frank walker
Fuckin’ Frank “Pass Interference” Walker
Ravens legend Asa Jackson
Michael Oher
Ronnie Prude
"Say what you want about regular season Asa Jackson, but that dude was elite in the preseason. lol."
this guy gets it
I’ll give Danny Gorrer a ring
None of y'all remember Kendrick Lewis and it shows
Shareece Wright is currently a Free Agent.
Don’t forget schrodingers CB Shareece Wright
Not secondary but Yamon Figurs!
We need to bring back Nakamura!
Gotta grab Dominique Foxworth and Jim Leonard too.
Bring back Donnie Brady too
"The first name almost made me puke. When he wasn't get burnt, he was constantly getting flagged for DPI."
"Fine guys, I’ll suit up."
Derrick Martin
what about Cary-he left us for the eagles I think
Word is deion sanders is going to quit the subway commercials to suit back up for baltimore.
How has no one said Tony Jefferson?
James Trapp?
Hey bro ravens legend frank walker deserves the nod over these 2 bums. Frank is first ballot HOF bum.
"Casuals love to reminisce about 2008 McClain/Rice/McGahee, but only a true fan remembers the REAL three-headed monster that year of Fabian Washington/Corey Ivy/Frank Walker"
Ok but we also need Cundiff back too.
" No, we need an O-Guard."
No we don’t. we already have anthony averett.
Holy shit this is the thread of forgotten names.
We really need Szechuan sauce back to bring it all together.
Anyone think Samari Rolle has any game left for a SB run?
As long as I do not hear the name Frank Walker
Is this satire???? While we are at it let’s snag Lamon Brightful and Clearence I can’t go across the middle anyMoore” to sure up the WR corps
Ed Reed still probably in shape.
Don’t forget Frank “Illegal Contact” Walker
"I was thinking Zibby and Nakamura, too - go full lethal"
Ain’t defense related but y’all remember Justin Forsett and Alex Collins 😂 man time flies
Gary Baxter haha
Are we just going to act like DeRon Jenkins isn't available?
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeddddddddddd
If we want a lethal defense shouldn't we hire Ray Lewis (IFYOUKNOWHATIMEAN)
[deleted]
Do you need to shout?
My biggest pet peeve in the world is posting shit like this and not actually saying how many yards it was lol
"Ya, can we all give a massive fuck you to this guy? He's a bigot that supports NOI and is an Anti Semite. I get he played well for us, but we don't want to hitch our carts to this bigot of a horse do we? We're better than that as a franchise and a fan base."
dont we hate this dude now?
*SKIUUUUUUUUP*
My guy
Uh it’s Sharpe with an E
""
"Give Lamar quick plays. Slants. Give the guy some slants. It’s not pretty, but it moves the chains. This will then force the defence to play aggressive and closer to the line. This will present deep opportunities for Hollywood. It’s similar to the run in that sense. We need to bait the backs closer to the line to hit them over the top."
"I'd like to see some jet sweeps with duvernay and hollywood if we establish those plays as part of our repetoire it will make it much more difficult to defend the rpo on top of that.  

Having to spy on Lamar, cover the motion man, and stop the run is hard to do.  See:chiefs, rams"
"I don't know much about X's and O's, especially on the offensive side of the ball, but I feel like the passing schemes are poorly drawn up, and also poorly executed.  
  
It seems on a lot of our passes, our 3 receivers are utilizing like 1/3 of the field, so we have 3 WRs and 3-4 defenders all in the same general area making it harder to make the throws or even get open in the first place.  We then also roll Lamar in that direction, taking away the dump off options we have on the other side of the field, setting ourselves up for an incompletion or short gain by Lamar running.  
  
I also feel like our receiving threats (literally every eligible guy on the field it seems) find their spot and just sit there.  Mahomes looks like a god (and could be I suppose) because he can buy himself 3-5 seconds after the snap for his receivers to peel off and get open. Lamar buys those 3-5 seconds and his guys are still sitting in their same spot completely covered, so he buys another 2 seconds and they're still doing nothing and Lamar is forced to run out of bounds for minimal gain.  
  
*Just in case, this isn't a knock on Mahomes, I just think his receivers help him out a lot more than ours help Lamar."
I would bring back the read options for lamar on running plays. They worked so well at icing any defender in the gap and kept pressure off the line.
"***TL;DR Use your WRs less and your TEs/RBs more, use motion and spread concepts to kill double-teams and exploit mismatches, play up-tempo more often, and RUN THE BALL, AND NOT JUST UP THE MIDDLE.***

**First, more heavy sets.** We've got three good RBs, two good TEs, and a good FB. Meanwhile, we've got one good WR? Maybe two if Dez is his old self. Boykin and Duvernay are still developing(And frankly Duvernay's development is already looking more exciting than Boykin's so lets swap who's #3 and #4 while we're at it) In spite of that, we're running 11 personnel(1 RB, 1 TE, 3 WR) for 49% of our plays. To be fair, that's the NFL's favorite formation for a reason, it's a versatile set that lets you get two potential matchup mismatches onto the field, and be viable running or passing. We're also running it much less than most of the league, which averages 60%.

The thing though is that our WRs are mostly pretty bad, and if your WR3 isn't very good, then that's one largely-wasted option. If your WR2 isn't that good either, there are basically only three weapons the defense has to worry about: WR1, RB, and TE. Rather than trying to do what we're ""supposed"" to do and put 3 WRs on the field even when we know that 1-2 of those WRs are just spectators, I want to see us take advantage of the receiving talent we have at the ""nontraditional"" receiver positions. 

Dobbins isn't to the point of a guy like Kamara or Bell, but it's clear he's got hands. So does Ingram. Andrews was moved all around the field at Oklahoma and played tight and wide. Boyle may be a blocker but his hands aren't bad, and while he's not the same level of receiving FB Juszczyk was, Pat's capable of catching a few passes too. They may not have 4.4 speed, and they're not going to run perfect routes that shake defenders on every cut, but those guys can catch, and can be put into position to make plays in space. Those are just the advantages in the passing game, too; a 22 set with Dobbins, Gus, Andrews, Boyle, and Hollywood is a versatile setup that forces at least one safety to play off to respect the speed, both linebackers to be alert in coverage because Andrews and Dobbins are both pass threats, but also puts an absolute sledgehammer onto the field with Gus and seven blockers since you have two TEs. What are the Ravens going to do out of that set? You don't know, and more importantly, neither does the defense. Confusion and mystery are the name of the game, it's why motion and play-action are things, and I think more creative personnel sets would let us confuse defenses much more effectively, even if it's not the personnel you're ""supposed"" to run. Heavy sets might suggest an obvious run, but we have the talent to turn it into a mystery the defense has to unravel every play instead of just a short yardage tool.


**Second, more motion and spread concepts.** I've loved the spread offense for years. It's not perfect, but I think it can do a lot to really put a defense onto its heels, force them to isolate receivers so Hollywood and Andrews can beat their matchup instead of having to fight a double-team, and keep the defense from loading the box since they have to cover the entire field horizontally. ""But ZombieFeedback, spread offenses use 4-5 WR sets, doesn't running the spread go counter to what you just said?"" Only if you're not creative with it. I think about all the different ways the Chiefs move Kelce and Hill around, how Pittsburgh used to use Bell, Carolina uses CMC, how all these versatile players are used to spread a defense out and generate mismatches, and then I look at the talent we have at RB and TE, and I think you can use those guys in more roles than they're being used in. 

Let's go back to that theoretical 22 look from before with Andrews, Boyle, Dobbins, Gus, and Hollywood. Looking at the huddle the defense will probably give you a base look, either 3-4 or 4-3. In either case, you've already got one matchup you can exploit by putting Andrews out wide and letting a 6'5"" target bully a position whose average height is 5'11"". From there, you can motion Dobbins out into the slot. Again, he's not Alvin Kamara, but he's got solid hands and a good vision for reading zones, and just like Andrews gives you a great mismatch against smaller corners, Dobbins gives you a great mismatch with a fast, shifty RB against bigger, slower linebackers. Now you've taken a look that originally suggests run, against a defensive personnel designed to deal with a run, and turned it into a spread-out, three-wide look that makes it hard for them to organize a double-team on the fly against your best weapons, and gives you two great mismatches, three good receivers forcing the defense to cover all 160 feet east-and-west, a deep burner keeping at least one safety out of the box, and you can still run it down their throat with a physical runner like Gus and a very good blocking TE in Boyle, who can also catch if you want to try and add another option to give the defense trouble. That's all assuming that the defense has solid communication and everyone gets to their assignment too, and causing those miscommunications is the whole point of all that motion in the first place.

This is just one example, and obviously you wouldn't do this on every single play, but if you combine it with the motion Greg loves using to take a bunched-up look and turn it into a spread look, or start with a spread and then force those DBs to try and come inside to stop the Gus Bus running inside with seven blockers, you can generate mismatches all across the field, whether you want to pass against their big run stoppers, run against their tiny passing units, throw jump balls on a short guy, or any other way you want to exploit your opponent doing what's traditionally the right answer.

**Third is another spread concept I really want to see more of: up-tempo offense.** Imagine being a DB covering Hollywood and Duvernay, two guys with legit 4.3 speed you have to sprint to keep up with the jogging speed of, and having to hustle back to the line every time because they're going to snap it as soon as they're ready. You'll be winded within three plays, you don't get a second to rest. Same for a pass rusher who has to try and chase Lamar for 40 yards of backfield dancing. Not only are you exhausted, but by keeping up the pressure and keeping up the pace, it's harder for a defense to slow down, think, and figure out what the offense is doing to it. You keep them on their heels, both physically and mentally. It also makes it easier to get them into a rhythm you shatter, either by running and then calling play-action or passing and then calling a draw. You don't want to be Chip Kelly's Eagles, use it constantly, and have no time of possession, but I think mixing tempos and having high-tempo drives can put a defense onto skates.

**Finally, one I think everyone can agree on and has been preaching for weeks: RUN THE DAMN BALL.** We're #3 in overall yards, #1 in YPC, #1 in 20+ runs, #1 in 40+ runs, it's not as dominant as last year because Tyre is no Marshal Yanda - nobody is - but we still have arguably the best running attack in the league, and yet we're only #13 in rushing attempts. There is no excuse not to be using a ground game this effective more. It's productive *and* it makes your passing game better. 

""But we have to be a throwing offense to beat the Chiefs in the playoffs."" Bullshit. The Raiders ran 35 times for 144 yards in their win against KC, and only threw 31. If you look at their other eight losses in the Mahomes era, heavy rushing is the trend you see in teams that beat them:

* 2019 vs. Indy: 45 rushes, 180 yards.
* 2019 vs. Houston: 41 rushes, 192 yards. 
* 2019 @ Tennessee: 26 rushes, 225 yards.
* 2018 @ Pats: 38 rushes, 173 yards.
* 2018 @ Seattle: 43 rushes, 210 yards.

The only times Mahomes got straight-up outdueled by the other QB were last year by Aaron Rodgers, and 2018 in that MNF classic against the Rams. Every single other time he's lost an NFL game, it was against a team that relentlessly ran the ball down KC's throat. You don't win against Patrick Mahomes by trying to be better at throwing the football than him, because you're not. Nobody is. You win against Patrick Mahomes the same way you've always won against elite quarterbacks: by keeping him on the sideline.

Run. The. Goddamn. Ball. And for god's sake do more off-tackle runs, Ronnie and OBJ are your best blockers, on top of Boyle and Andrews, [yet we run more up the gut than anywhere else, by a *gigantic* margin.](https://i.imgur.com/dzkbKff.png)

Edit: Punctuation is hard."
"Id like to see more RPOs that start off as our standard run first option plays with real receiving dump offs in the short/intermediate parts of the field. Defenses are shutting down Lamars running more effectively this year by getting much more aggressive. They are being coached to bail on assignments once Lamar tucks the ball. We can take advantage of that. Ive seen Lamar do it a few times to the TEs but we can get WRs involved on drags and corner routes as well, though asking Lamar to throw outside the hash to the sideline while on the run is asking him to play against his strength."
I think they should try some more wide open formations. I see a lot of Lamar drop backs coming from those heavy multiple TE sets which isn’t gonna help much with creating space for guys. Also really need to work in some more quick passing game and RPOs
Tell Lamar to know when he’s hot and throw to the hot receiver every time he’s hot. It doesn’t matter if he gets picked by a trap defense every time he **has** to be better at knowing when he’s hot.
"They need to implement tons of RPOs into the scripted gameplan. Make Boykin and Duv the option on slants. Hollywood on bubble screens.

RPOs are super effective with Lamar because even when he hands the ball off, the other team has to devote resources to stop him from running. The quick passes will be open when lbs drop to stop the run. To clarify, Lamar will never be running the ball on these plays. Read the linebackers, hit the pass or hand it off.

Later in the game, Lamar can run a read option from the same formation which allows us to get those game clinching runs we had last season."
"(Edit: ~~While~~) I fundamentally agree with all of the posts increasing the short/intermediate passing looks, as defenses are stacking box and defending the deep ball adjustment.(BTW this is the same problem Flacco offenses had).  I'm not sure if Lamar and our current receiving corps make this an efficient change. Essentially asking them to become dominant in all phases of offense, and I'm concerned that we won't regularly get open. If I'm wrong at a reliable short/middle passing attack becomes efficient, we are basically undefendable.

&#x200B;

That said, I think the easier adjustment is to improve the running game, and limit defensive adjustments to our attack. This goes against the TOP formula, but the solution is to go fast break. Put 12, 13, 22 or 11 personnel on the field, no subs, run the super no huddle (a la pats/Chip Kelly). Makes it harder to adjust to our formations, load the box. Easier for us to run the ball, which should force other adjustments leading to passing game openings."
"Nothing. This passing game will not improve until Lamar gets better players...and I don't mean Dez Bryant.

People jumped up and down screaming that Dak Prescott would never be great passer of the football...that Dak Prescott is never going to be a 4k a year type passer. The minute Dak got ONE WR...Dak has been a 5k a year passer.

People need to stop looking at Lamar and Co. to make chicken salad out of chicken crap. He needs better players. Period.

So instead of getting get another defensive player...go figure out a way to get some WR or OL help for Lamar IF IF IF IF you want a better passing game. Otherwise, Lamar and the Ravens should expect to rely on the defense to compensate for the lack of weapons when this team goes up against the NFL's best."
Run RPOs reverses and play action
"1: I want a rb or te as an extra blocker like every play because blitzes are killing our pass game without Yanda.

2: I don’t really know how, but I’d try to work with the receivers on getting open after they’ve run their route. Lamar is pretty good at escaping the pocket and throwing on the run, and I feel like our receivers don’t do a great job of extending the play once it’s gone to shit and Lamar is on the run. This doesn’t even just mean getting open but also trying to draw spy’s away so Lamar can take off."
More misdirection and scheming guys open. The pass game is so ridiculously bland except for the quick “screen” to Duvernay vs Iggles. WR corps not good enough to rely on talent.
"Stop trying to force the deep ball. If it’s there, take it of course. But I feel like they try to force the deep pass to work. Take what the defense gives you."
""
"I gave a couple of random crows near my house some of my clif bar a few times, and now we're homies

its kind of bizarre how cerebral they are with a quarter sized brain"
Must be nice for Steelers fans to know we'll at least be holding a funeral for them on Sunday after the game!
"Damn... where's that guy that posted a genuine question about ravens in this sub before he found it this wasnt the place. 

I wonder if the Ravens in his tree have forgiven him by now."
Might be geography too. Forms crabbiness. I admit it.
The North Remembers.
""
And Dallas gets a big D (look at map)
UHHHHH IDK JIM!!!
"If Romo don't put some repeskt on Justin Tucker's name... A.K.A Legatron A.K.A Mr.. Automagic A.K.A The most accurate kicker in history A.K.A Mr. Still Fucking Got It.

Edit: per request"
Cant wait for Romo to say some shit about Boswell being the best kicker. God do I hope we win on a walk off 60 yarder from Tucker while Boswell missed an earlier XP...
"CBS' national game? The beloved *Steelers* (gag, choke, spit) get Romo and Nantz. Ravens are just along for the ride."
Game of the week!
I can watch from Texas!!!! It’s a Halloween miracle!!!!
I hope tucker kicks from the parking lot in pre game warm ups
I hate living in New England and never getting them on locally. This should be a prime time matchup.
I have to watch the Chiefs play the fucking Jets. How is that a major televised game?
[deleted]
"Great, we get to hear Romo gag on Ben's cock most of the game and throw passive agressive shade at Lamar and his accomplishments for the rest of it. Romo's great at what he does sure, but so is Tom Brady. Not a big fan"
They are great but for me Kevin Harlan is the best out there right now
"Honestly don't think that's that great of a lineup for us. For some reason Romo is always so quick to judge the Ravens, and Everytime we've had him he's talked up the Browns or Chiefs. 

Also just listening to him as he's gotten more comfortable he's more arrogant. Knowledgeable but kind of a douche.

Personally think Ian Eagle and Charles Davis are the best. The Bird loves us and is just a good voice for play by play"
"I know this wasn’t the point of this post, but why on earth would Cleveland get Chargers Broncos instead of our game? Or even the Cleveland game!"
Serious Biz.
Idk about y’all but I love the way Romos voice sounds
Seems like the first time in forever that I’ve been able to watch a non-primetime game in Cali - lets get it
Why does Texas have a green penis?
nice
"I prefer Al and Chris. 

Nantz is utterly devoid of personality and Romo mainly squeaks and tries to predict the play with about 40% accuracy. I don't understand the hype."
""
"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fudRw1zlNZg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fudRw1zlNZg)

&#x200B;

there is this one too"
Why anyone would have thrown in the middle with Ray on the field boggles my mind.
Brought so much joy to my heart watching this.
I miss those days
Completely deserved it
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yfM6VLqh95M  the classic!
[deleted]
I always thought Atkins was more disruptive against us but both have slowed down quite a bit
""
"I uh... 

What exactly is going on here? 😂"
Let me know if you have any ideas for next weeks drawing
nice drawing and I may just be slow but what’s up with the steelers
"Nice toilet paper drawing of the steelers!





Also, Fuck the steelers!"
Fuck the Steelers!
The B on the wing is such a nice touch goddamn
"nice job

best of luck ravens, gonna be a fun game against y’all this week. the first time this matchup will be good since always"
""
"We used to fucking joke about somehow getting this guy and we did

EDC is god damn football warlock"
Hope he put Ben on his back a few times this weekend.
This is highly arousing
Wow can’t believe they gave him Courtney Upshaws number.
Shit just got real! Now Judon can take on RT’s and maybe be more productive
Someone get my man some drip
I hope that’s a terrible towel he has in his hand so he can dry off his sweaty nuts with.
Dez looks different
He needs to get some new gloves. Still wearing his vikings ones
Welcome back to MD baby
"I must say, that uniform looks good on him"
Wish we had him against the chiefs
Let’s get it
finally... wanted him here soon as he wanted out of Jax. shit i was hoping we could draft him.
I'm so glad that we might be able to rush just 4 and have everybody else in coverage. Our defense is going to ruin teams <3
"he hasn't been happy with his PT we could use some DB depth, he's versatile and a decent return man. He is also a pending free agent I feel like it would be a sneaky good move for us with Tavons injury history an Jimmy moving around more."
Ive been wanting him on the Ravens since he was at Iowa. Our secondary would be dominant
i’d absolutely be down for this.
"Not a bad idea but corner is one of our strongest position groups, I'd rather prioritise interior oline and WR"
"Cornerback is def a need in the future. We're stacked at the top, but don't have a lot of depth behind our top two guys, especially is Averett and Young can't stay healthy. Plus we have a lot of cap room next year, but not a ton of draft picks, so we could be big players in free agency. That said football teams always want to get younger and cheaper."
"It was around this time, on Halloween I was celebrating my birthday, and gifts were great and all, but what I really wanted was us to take down the UNDEFEATED Patriots. Kind of crazy that it's the same time with a undefeated team again. Y'all already know what my birthday wish is gonna be again!!"
Happy Birthday and Fuck the Steelers!
You will be our lucky charm! Fuck the Steelers!
I got so drunk that night celebrating my birthday and ravens victory. People were buying me shots just cause we beat the pats then I got more when they realized it was my bday. Perks of being the only raven fan in the bar. Happy birthday!!
""
"If dez can find a connection with Lamar and be Anquan-esque, I will nut"
I think this will go down as another great move from EDC. Dez has the talent to give us a good few years like Boldin and Smith Sr. 💪
[deleted]
"If he’s a fifth of what Boldin did, ooo baby"
"Keep going, I'm almost there"
"He just has to be able to do more than Boykins or Snead, and I'm pretty optimistic he can. Might take some time to get to that point, but we're a little more than two months away from needing to play our best football.

Side note, this is really good to hear from a defensive guy. Especially one that covers our current WR's in practice. This speaks very loudly to their abilities, or lack thereof."
He doesn’t need to be fast he just needs to know how to high point a ball well.
""
Hope Marlon is good to go for Sunday :(
""
They are using him as Claypool prep
Hello fellow Ravens fans.  Lifelong ravens fan here.  Looking forward to following the team the rest of the year.  Boy that Lamar is fast! am I right? No need to look at my past history cause i definitely am not giving up on a crappy team to follow my favorite player to a super bowl team for the rest of the year.
"I thought he’d go with 88, but since he’s practice squad could he be playing chase  claypool?"
Are you guys sure that’s not Kamar Aiken?
How long til y’all think he’ll be on active roster?
Am I the only one who gets Boldin vibes from seeing Dez in a purple uni??
Did Proche give up 11 for him?
Cowboys fan here just relivin the good old days. Hope to see Dez playing in a game soon.
Cowboys fan here just relivin the good old days. Hope to see Dez playing in a game soon.
Cowboys fan here just relivin the good old days. Hope to see Dez playing in a game soon.
Cowboys fan here just relivin the good old days. Hope to see Dez playing in a game soon.
Cowboys fan here just relivin the good old days. Hope to see Dez playing in a game soon.
Just seeing him in 11 even if it’s just for practice makes me feel so weird lol.
"So can he play this weekend? 

I thought he had to test negative 5 days in a row and I thought that was away from team not with the team. Else what is the point if he can potentially infect his team if he had the virus?"
Where’s the dez tape?
[deleted]
"Yeah when we probably will when we are 14-1 heading into Week 17

&#x200B;

/s (a little)"
""
Why 99 and not 96?
"Ha! 20.3 

Suck it Shitsburgh!"
23: also the winning team's score in all Ravens steelers games since the dawn of time.
"Harbaugh's got a 13-11 edge on Tomlin as well in their head-to-head record. This is going to be one of the most contested games in recent years, but we have a dangerous defense. Adding Ngakoue on the edge will be perfect for pressuring Worthlessberger. Predicting Judon and Ngakoue for 5 combined sacks and Queen with a strip sack."
"The only thing that sucks is our playoff record against them.  We had that one year when Ravens, Bengals, and Steelers all made playoffs.  Steelers won the division, but then got immediately taken out by us in the wild cards game.  That felt good AF. Who was the real kings in the north bitch."
best rivalry in football no questions asked
So were clearly better. Fuck the steelers!
""
Oof
This is so fucked up but I just died laughing
Don’t laugh don’t laugh don’t laugh
Unfortunately it's the Onion. Unfortunately.
A coworker at my old job went to college at Pittsburgh during Big Ben's rapey days. She and her friends ran into him at bars/clubs on 2 occasions and said he was touchy and creepy. He was definitely a predator.
Onion kinda goated for this one
"I mean with the whole Rapistburger deal (totally date raped a chick and had his security keep the friends from stopping it), this is pure gold!"
"No offense, isn't Baltimore one of the rape capitals of the world?"
"I'm surprised the Onion took this low hanging fruit, even in 2014. Generally their satire hits pretty well, but this is just a rape joke in different words, which isn't cool. Even 6 years ago. People who laugh are shitty."
"man, maybe they’ll have to add “BAL”"
[removed]
""
Send the bear back to his cave
Who's Laurel? Is that a player on our team?
Oh. That was HARSH.
What are some basic things I should know about this team? Thanks in advance! Go Ravens!
[deleted]
"Always Remember 





FUCK the steelers"
"1. Fuck the Steelers

2. Refer to rule #1"
Fuck the...?
Fuck the Steelers. Know that and you’ll be fine.
Just go around saying “Big Truss” and you’ll be good
This is a man’s game!!!!!!! WE MUST PROTECT THIS HOUSE!
We are the only professional sports team named after a work of literature.
"Go read ""The Raven"" by Edgar Allen Poe."
"FUCK THE STEELERS
Fuck The Browns
fuck the bengals

(Capitalized letters emphasized loathing, and lower case letters emphasize apathy). They can all get bucked."
"I know he’s over 30, struggled to get separation last time he was on the field and that was when he was 2-3 years younger and before an Achilles injury but I’m still hyped. He has never been a burner but he doesn’t need to be, if you look on his IG he still is incredible at high pointing the ball, even if it isn’t against NFL caliber corners. I’m hoping when he is on the field that the Defense has to respect his presence which should help freeing up our other weapons (hollywood, Andrews, running game). If everyone else is covered and pressure is coming, Lamar has someone to throw a 50/50 ball which is better than taking a sack or throwing it away. 
To summarise, I’m not expecting huge numbers but a safety blanket for Lamar in case of emergency or red zone and someone to open up our options with our other weapons!"
I mean even if he was washed he’s still our second or third best receiver. I expect him to be on the field as soon as he gets the playbook down.
"He had to pass our notoriously hard conditioning test to be signed, right? It’s the same test that had him puking a couple of weeks ago.

The man has been putting in the work. His hands look good, and like you said, he should still be able to win some jump balls. I’m not an expert by any means, but I thought his recent routes on IG look more crisp than they did a month ago.

I was thinking last night that we are a great team for him to be with, considering our secondary. That should help get him back up to NFL speed. 

I’m not expecting superstar Dez, but I’m cautiously optimistic. If he stays healthy he should have a positive impact on the team."
"100 catches, 50 touchdowns, super bowl ring"
"We can afford to wait for him to get up to speed, and his role will hopefully be that of Anquan Boldin. That is, the tough, physical guy who wins 1v1 contested catches. 

Even if Dez isn’t making big contributions until late in the season it’s all good. 5-1 allows us some wiggle room for the offense to figure it out."
"he’s not going to be prime dez obviously but even if he’s washed he’s probably our 2-3 best WR so he should help us a lot even if he’s not that good 

he passed the condition test which is supposed to be insanely tough, he clearly still has hands and looks good on social media hopefully he can bring a piece we desperately need"
10 catches on the season at most
"I'm expecting him to play more  of a 'hybrid TE' in Romans system, and help move the chains."
"If nothing else I hope he can motivate the rest of our receivers. Hollywood is great but could be a little bit more physical, Boykin gets open but he never seems to be on the same page as Lamar. Maybe Dez can push them to be better"
I just want to see Dez play against the Cowboys.
[deleted]
"I hope it’s not bereavement related, that’d be absolutely terrible. Let’s not make conclusions and just keep him in our thoughts."
"What is this post

You're worried because he hasn't tweeted in the past 20 hours????"
Usain Bolt is the G.O.A.T.
bro its wednesday.....
[deleted]
""
🙏🏻
"Sounds like Jimmy Smith was limited with an Achilles tho. Not gonna lie, that is terrifying. How many times have we seen a player deal with a “sore Achilles” that eventually turns into a tear? The injuries to Young and Averett are even more painful when you think they make everyone else more likely to get hurt."
"If this is the case, I’m thrilled. Let’s hope it’s not COVID and he’s ready to pocket JuJu on Sunday."
Glad organization is taking every precaution to not have what happen to other teams.
Oh no. Please don’t be COVID or anything that keeps him out.
thank god if that’s proven to be true
Give ALL the dbs a break until the Steeler game
Must've been that super hot chips he ate 😂😂😂
Heavy breathing intensifies*
[...](https://i.imgur.com/m1g0HYW.jpg)
[deleted]
Does that make Snowball Julia?
""
They should replace our helmet logo with this picture collage.
I joined this sub because my bf is a big Ravens fan and I wanted to get to know them better... this is the first post I’ve truely understood
Marlon has more swag than anyone I've ever seen
[deleted]
""
"I dig this exchange quite a bit for two reasons:  
  
Dez going with the one-hand is a little bit show-boaty like he's saying ""I'm not washed up yet for an old man, watch this.""  Shows that he's confident he can still play.  Him kinda chuckling about getting sent back to do it again tells me his ego may have been overblown, at least for now.
  
Meanwhile, coach is saying ""I don't care what your nameplate is or that you've done X and/or X in the past.  We are going to show an example to the young guys that this drill may seem silly to NFL level players, it still works on the fundamentals.  The one-handed circus catch is phenomenal to watch but the safe play is two-handing it and guaranteeing completion.""  
  
As a team struggling with drops in recent games, I like going back to fundamentals since it obviously needs work."
I mean he looks decently explosive here. yeah it’s only a drill but damn even if he’s 70% of his peak abilities that’ll be a massive upgrade on boykin
This is a better angle of the catch
He looks big! I’m excited
Kamar Aiken looking good
"Have we agreed that Dez, in fact, caught it?"
Not gonna rock the 88? He looks to much like Aiken.
Kinda getting excited about this acquisition.
Fluffy dez
Ive been saying we need some hands these are some fucking hands
"I'm so frickin excited for SUNDAY, SUNDAY, SUNDAY!!!"
I’ve seen enough. Call him up by next week.
""
"He's a rapist who got lucky that his accusations came up in the 2000s instead of today. What he did is far more egregious than ray rice.

I respect every player on the Steelers more than big ben and I hope we break his nose again . Fuck captain fat fuck"
I like it when he gets hit
He's literally a rapist. If we can cancel Shannon Sharpe because he has ties with Farrakhan then this ain't it.
Watched him whine and complain to the refs literally 3 days ago for getting hit as he threw the ball.
FUCK THAT RAPIST ASS HOE! Mike Vick did what Ben did he will be spending life in Prison.
I too hope he gets his fat ugly face smashed in.
Watched him whine and complain to the refs literally 3 days ago for getting hit as he threw the ball.
big ben is such a flopper and a whiner idk who you’ve been watching. I have more respect for andy dalton than big ben tbh ben is just a terrible person
"A good rivalry always has great games/players. I think both Ravens fan and Steelers fans can agree that when it comes to it, bad/dirty games are looked down on regardless of what team you root for. The Browns/Pitt game last year was awful to watch and the game Pitt/Bengals had with Brown getting laid out was awful as well."
that’s how i felt about the bus when we had to play him
Philip Rivers is a budget big Ben
I have never seen another qb fake as many injuries as this clown. He sucks
I have never seen another qb fake as many injuries as this clown. He sucks
Man he whined and still does all the time. Plus you could argue his biggest attribute was his athleticism in the pocket. He definitely is a good rival though
Im so jealouse when I see qbs like him play that can carve up a defense or they have receivers to throw to who get open. Watching other teams around the leage and seeing WRs having separation is so strange.
""
You dropped this king 👑
🔥
Or showing up to a press conference without his walking boot
"Ironically, the rarest you can get a steak done is called [""Pittsburgh.""](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh_rare#:~:text=A%20Pittsburgh%20rare%20steak%20is,may%20vary%20according%20to%20taste.)"
Fake tough guy.  Last I checked real men don't force themselves on women in bar men's rooms.
Courtney Upshaw levelling Ben is so sweet.
[Big Ben vs Ravens D](https://imgur.com/a/E1WmYYV)
"Post-game interviews be like ""I was playing with Covid"""
Ngata breaking his nose. Chef’s kiss.
"“Your steak sir, very rare.” 

“Wow, that’s rare.”"
This is an amazing fucking meme lmaoooooo
I hope he gets lit the fuck up on Sunday.  I'm talking the type of shit where their LG fucks up and we get an edge rusher with a clean blindside shot.  I hate Ben more than any player currently playing in the NFL.  Such a shit human.
He already got his walking boot out of the closet to make sure it still fits for his post game interview.
Medium or death.
What’s that very rare? Lol
Not to mention the stat padding he does when he’s facing a decent defense
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Yessss Bruh
""
"Probably a “fresh start, new chapter” type thing. Each to their own!"
Dog
Can't wait to hear him on 105.7 the fan again. If you're wondering what I'm referring to it's that he hung up on Vinny and Hannie back in the day because he didn't like the question.
Minnesota and Jax are basically his ex girlfriends and he’s starting fresh with a badder bitch in the Ravens 😆
May be a contract thing but I'm totally talking out of my ass
This is HOME TO HIM
He must be a real one... RIP Nipsey
"upvote this.

**Super Bowl guaranteed.**"
[deleted]
Does anyone know? Feels like a good game for a blackout.
"I am hoping for black on black, or black on purple"
"There are 5 home games left. So there are just enough to still wear all 10 combinations, as they did in 2018. The combinations worn at home so far have been the following: white/purple, black/white & purple/white.

On the road, they have gone with purple/white & white/black (x2). The white/white will likely be rightfully worn on the road, so that is probably a foregone conclusion as an option at some point.

That would leave these uniform combos: 'Color Rush', 'Blackout' (ALL black), black/purple (for only the second time ever, since it was inexplicably skipped in 2019), primary purple-on-purple & purple/black.

I would like to see them wear the black/purple at some point this season for sure, as well as remain undefeated in 'Color Rush'. Plus, if worn, I would like to see them finally win a game in the primary purple/purple look, in which they are 0-2."
[deleted]
I doubt it is blackout when we still have a home night game on the schedule
"I’m purple on black (money man marlo)
My girlfriend is black on purple (mandrews)

Have a great week guys, I can’t wait to watch this with y’all"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"They have all trained with WR Coach David Robinson at some point during their careers.

Dez (last three years and currently)

Hollywood (past offseason)

Duvernay (since high school)

Proche (since high school)

After looking at some Dez highlights I decided to see who else his WR Coach has worked with and was surprised to see it was most of our young receivers. I would also like to think that when they were looking at Dez and his progress, they could ask any of those three guys their opinion on working with Robinson. Or they could just like his results based on the guys they have and were more willing to give Dez some time with Robinson to get things figured out."
The Admiral
He has damn near the entire NFL listed as clients on his website.
Lamar throwing to them
*whom* else his WR Coach has worked with
I dont know if thats a good thing. Dez has been out of league for 2 years and the other three are all rookies.
Anyone else not worried about Lamar? Seems like most people are freaking out and I remember Lamar not being MVP before the bye last season and he ran away with it after the break. What I’ve watched seems like they’re working on the playbook like it’s the preseason but I haven’t seen any opinions that line up with mine. I’m wondering if I’m blinded by the purple glasses or if I have anyone on my mindset
"I haven’t been too impressed with the offense this year. However, none of the offensive players seem concerned in interviews. It’s like they know something we don’t. Gotta have some big truss."
"I agree with the idea that we might have been working on the playbook, seeing what areas we should/shouldn't expand upon. It felt like we saw a few more of last seasons plays in the Eagles game. The bye came at a good time to re-evaluate. I have a feeling our o-line play will get a little better than its been, but thats gonna be tough this week"
I haven’t really been worried about lamar all year. he hasn’t really played badly and his accuracy looks ok he’s just made some dumb throws and sometimes forced the ball deep. i’m more worried about oline play and wrs. oline has looked shaky all year and wrs have struggled to separate. hopefully the bye gave them the opportunity to fix things a bit
"I am in the same boat as you.

there is a lot of room for improvement and we’re 5-1? sounds good to me. if it felt like we hit a ceiling and were struggling to win games I would be worried.

unlike most im pretty optimistic. I am confident in our coaches and most importantly I am confident in our players.

also, truzz. enough said."
"I have big truss that they are holding back on purpose, to avoid teams figuring out this years plan. It just makes sense because the goal is Super Bowl and everyone knows it. We had the 14-2 season, they wanna build up to it and not fizzle out or be figured out by the time we get there. We didn’t lose any players or coaches apart from yanda. They are working on new wrinkles (which obviously aren’t 100% effective right now) so that we aren’t a one trick pony by the time we are facing good opposition in the Playoffs, which we all asked for."
The Steelers
/r/dontputyourdickinthat
"Mods, can we get this pinned? This is pretty big news"
Fuck those buck tooth fat ass shit towel waving 400 lb weighing womens bathroom stalking motherfuckers
[deleted]
His knee was still an issue. He went on IR early in camp. Most likely he couldn’t rehab with everything going on.
Went on IR. Maybe he flashes next year and sticks around.
""
"Other teams are playing checkers, Lamar's playing chess."
The top-right picture is uncanny.
I definitely see it
"I don't think he'll make it as an actor. Maybe he should try playing wide receiver,"
WaLamar.
"Quick, do a comparison like the Troy Aikman/Jay Z photo!"
TIL Lamar Jackson looks like a young Willem Dafoe.
😭😭😭 I can’t unsee it
Lamar Michael Jackson
"I love chess and love the Ravens. I’ll be checking this show out, thanks 😂"
It’s the eyes
"I've never been so entertained by a show about something I don't really care about.

It was excellent. I urge everyone to watch it."
Isit a good show?
I thought the same thing when I watched it hahaha
!!!!!!
It’s the eyes
Weird
"His eyes aren’t quite far enough apart, he needs about another foot and a half"
" So I tend to be a bit of a pessimist when it comes to big games. If this was last year, I wouldn’t think twice about the outcome, but the Steelers don’t look completely terrible this year. Does anybody have any stats or insights on the game to help me go in to the weekend without any doubts at all as to why we’re totally going to win? And of course as usual, it’s still fuck the Steelers no matter what."
"Always remember that in 2015, we went 5-11 with our 3rd string QB in and we beat the Steelers twice that year. No matter how bad we've looked, it's always a different game against the Steelers."
Stats don't mean shit in any game but this one in particular. Lamar has to play better than he has recently for us to win. Also we need to press their receivers because they're basically running a 3 step drop west coast style offense.
"Like my son said about the Steelers-Titans game. ""They didn't win, they escaped.""

Steelers are a good team, but I see us squeaking one out."
"I don't have much to add, but definitely feeling the nerves for this one. I'm not a football expert but this year has just *felt* different from last. They seem like they're taking this year to 'figure it all out' and haven't really found their stride - play seems inconsistent at best. That being said, I'm really excited to see the new D lineup we have this weekend with Ngakoue and Lamar is always a pleasure to watch. I also haven't watched a Steelers game (haven't felt like vomiting lately), so I don't know how they have been doing besides their 6-0 record."
"Look at our defense...

Just look at it...

On average we give up 17.3 points/game. The best insight I can give you is we have #44 and they do not"
"I was watching ESPN yesterday and saw a stat that said Lamar is undefeated (3-0) vs. Number 1 Defenses.

Edit: Posted this if you wanna check it out"
"You only need to know 1 thing...

We have Lamar Jackson, they don’t 

Only thing that matters"
Great point as well. So much of the Ravens hate is centered on not throwing up 45 points on every other team we play.
Having doubts about this game would be totally reasonable. The Steelers are really good this year and we haven’t been very good.
[deleted]
"jonnu was always gonna be good once he became the starter, delanie was just always in the way. dude is a freak athlete at TE and makes a ton of contested catches"
My TE could beat up your TE
I have both of them on my fantasy this year
"Seems like Vegas is trying to bait people into taking the Steelers, so I will load up on the Ravens. Still don't like laying 3.5 though"
Vegas is responsive. They want an even number of people on both sides. So that just means that that's where their data tells them they'd get an even split.
“Home field advantage” even though that’s not as impactful this year
"Vegas gives three points to the away team so on a neutral site they are saying the line is actually Ravens -.5. The fact that the Ravens have only lost to the defending Super Bowl champions and the Steelers have had a relatively easy schedule adding to the fact that our second stringers beat them in a meaningless game to us and a MUST win game for them last year is why they lean very slightly to us.  

The fact that it's the best rivalry in the NFL and one of the best in American sports in general is why it's so close to just being even (when you account for the 3 points for home field advantage).

It's going to be an amazing game and I'm really excited to see what happens but a -3.5 line favoring the home team is basically Vegas saying it's a push match up."
honestly the line for this game has been insane.  at the beginning of the week it was **MINUS SIX** for the ravens!!  ngl i almost hammered pitt.  -3.5 is still too much for me here.
I took Pittsburgh +5.5 when lines opened. Way too high of a line.
I'm emotionally hedging this game. Will lay 50$ on the Steelers ML. Feels dirty and I hope we crush them. However if we do lose the game atleast I will have something to be happy about..
"I think the Steelers should be favored because they're undefeated and we looked like ass against the Eagles, but I think we'll win, Harbuagh is very good at getting the team ready after bye weeks"
I’m trying to figure out how the spread is the same against the Steelers as it is against the Colts in a couple of weeks. Home Field advantage isn’t a legitimate argument this year imo.
""
"That was a huge day for us. Coming off 2 straight losses, and a bye, billick fired fossil and took over play calling. Got back to basics. Also, someone absolutely speared Reggie bush, I forget who. This is off memory so i could be wrong."
Wait why is Jamal Lewis not featured in the clip at all haha
"I cannot believe this season was 14 years ago, my god I'm so old"
Give Jamal the ball!
Clarence Moore. Synonymous with Demetrius Williams
Dawan Landry got a pick six if I recall correctly
"Great moment, great game"
""
"As a cowboys fan I really hope he succeeds, always loved dez."
"I think he’ll be on the field by then. Remember, he tried out in august and we sent him home. Told him to get himself in shape and come back when he’s ready. He was self motivated enough to pass the conditioning test this week, so he’s been working his ass off already. Hopefully just a matter of developing chemistry with Lamar and getting the playbook down. I have really high hopes for him. We need a big body vet who knows how to do the simple shit, like sit in a zone or go up and make a contested catch."
I think week 10 is a good target that's what I've been using as a guage unless there is another trade or an injury. I understand he's been working all year on his own but solo workouts are different on the body than in pad practice or in game scenarios
"I have to say he looks big out there. Like how Andy Reid looked in that punt pass competition. Like how Julio, Metcalf, Mike Evans look on the field. I'm excited."
"I think u/FilmStudy has a more realistic prediction. Which is a 50% chance he sees the field for the Ravens at all.

I think I fall somewhere between that prediction and this one, but if he makes a contribution, we’ll have to wait a bit."
"Man hasn't played since 2017 and is 31 years old now.

""Up to speed"" probably makes him our 4th target at best. It's a low risk lightning in a bottle type move, but it's super doubtful he does much of anything."
Why is he wearing an 11.  I thought we already had an 11?
"NBC would love him to be there by week 10 too. I think he will be there for week 13 against the Cowboys. Would like to see what he would do against his old team that is a dumpster fire right now.

But realistically, I think it will come down to how he looks and if he is better than other WRs. Maybe this gives Boykin more motivation and he starts playing better. But I think the Ravens are really looking long term for this so they aren't going to rush it."
I think the boys should go after Mclaurin.
I think week 10 is a realistic target. Hasn’t played in a couple of years which means he’s rusty but also has low mileage. Really would love to see him succeed!
I'll say he's on the active roster next week with no snaps (emergency) and a few goal line plays for jump ball opportunities in week 10. Full speed by week 13.
"we literally just need a big RZ target aside from mandrews. he doesn’t have to be blazing fast for that. he just has to have hands, and i don’t think he JPP’d himself"
"To me this means Boykin is on a short leash.  If Boykin starts messing up again, or continues to mess up Dez will probably take his spot."
I say over. He’s been out of football for a few years but he will be on the field before the end November and make an impact in the postseason.
"Honestly Dez Bryant at 50% is better than any receiver on this roster so.

People forget we signed him to the practice squad. This is a great move with nothing but tremendous upside. I don't think he's going to be a dominant player but we need a big receiver like him that can go up and catch balls so we will see."
I say week 12 is more realistic
[deleted]
"Pats, Niners, Steelers?"
I think what happened was every time we faced the number one defense we put up enough stats to knock them off number 1
"I think it’s true, by the time we faced the Pats last year they were #1. Same with the Steelers and Bills."
What is number one defense based on? Points? Yards? Not really a good stat. I'd look at the football outsiders or PFF.
I think what happened was last year every time we faced the number one defense we put up enough stats to knock them off number 1
""
Yellow Sus
Crewmate speed 100
That’s dope. I’m gonna steal it
""
""
Lmfaoo I can tell he’s getting tired of the comparisons
“Naw... I don’t...” lmao
"No matter how things turn out at the end of this season, or 5 years from now... I’m gonna be a Lamar fan"
""
""
they will not. 50 signed jerseys for the whole sub if they do
"Feels like Ingram is a negative asset.  He’s lost a ton of explosion from last year and is injured, and over 30.  I know his contract is done after this year but I doubt anyone would want to take on the remaining money unless they were given a pick."
No. This isn't Madden
""
"Yawn.
Only 40?"
He could have gotten injured on that celebration or with the holder ruining his practice swing
""
"In January 2015 I was visiting my then girlfriend and her family in Maryland, USA. At this point in my life I had no interest in the NFL as it wasn’t really popular or on the rise in the UK, or at least where I lived in the UK. 

However, it was playoff time and her family had other ideas. They bought me a Ravens beanie, and Flacco jersey. And as I sat down with them to watch the game they had told me about how fierce the Ravens rivalry was with the Steelers but I had no idea just how fierce they meant. 

I remember the game like it was yesterday, the field goal in the opening qtr for Pitts to take the lead, then Pierce’s rushing TD for us, the exchange of FGs up until Big Dick Joe’s pass to Torrey to put us up 20-9. 

Then the absolute disbelief at seeing Forsett fumble which lead to a Steelers score, and the elation watching T Sizzle intercept that pass from Ben and the resulting TD from Gillmore. Finally another pick from our defence, and my utter confusion when the family was explaining what a safety was and how at this point in the game it didn’t matter. 

What’s also funny looking back was the idea that I assumed all kickers were as good as Tucker and I was genuinely shocked when they would miss PATs and FGs. 

Since that day, a lot has changed in my life. Myself and my then girlfriend didn’t work out, I met a beautiful Aussie shelia and settled in down under. But what has always remained since that playoff game and if anything good ever came from that relationship, it was my new found love for the NFL and the Baltimore Ravens. 

You best believe I’m up at some ridiculous hour just to see my Ravens play. I’ll always remember that first game I watched and how every moment stuck with me, from watching Joe pick apart the Steelers formidable defence, to the father of the family screaming ‘HOW DOES THAT TURF TATSE, BEN!?!?’ Every time we got a QB hit or sack. And although this season has not been as electric as last season (I think many overlook the fact last year was a record breaking season), my UK football team is terrible, so I am grateful I have a great NFL team to enjoy at the moment. 

I say all of that to ultimately state;

FUCK THE STEELERS."
"Dude... your story is kinda like mine.  Well... except I'm from the Netherlands and it happened 5 years earlier. 

Got into the Ravens because of a girl who lived in Baltimore.  She's married with kids now (and I wish her all the best, no hard feelings at all) but my love for the Ravens was cemented then."
"Marylander living in Sydney here. Found a Ravens jersey in rebel sport yesterday, couldn't believe it. Glad to know there's at least one other Ravens fan here."
"Ravens fan from Melbourne here, I actually feel like we have a good supporter bae in Australia it’s weird"
truzz!
How are those 5am game starts working out for you?
"There’s a crew of Ravens fans here in Auckland, New Zealand too. Good yarn, mate. Enjoyed it. Lesssgooo!"
"Oh man. That playoff game was the culmination of playoff futility vs the Steelers. 2001, 2008, 2010 (the 2010 one stings bad, Find that Houshmanzadeh drop on 4th down. Brutal) were all playoff loses to Pitt.

2014 season exorcized that demon. What a great game."
Arnie???
""
"Yea I laugh every time I see a pundit write an article about this. Just look at the amount of RB injuries this year to teams like the Giants, 49ers, Seahawks, not to mention Ingram. Our depth at RB is looking pretty smart right about now. Maybe I could see us dealing Hill but that's about it."
[deleted]
"Vote!

&#x200B;

/s"
[deleted]
"Ronnie Stanley: 29 pressures allowed the last 2 seasons.

Andrew Thomas and Jawan Taylor have both allowed more this season alone 

***

posted by [@PFF](https://twitter.com/PFF)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Elli7zlWkAAcpA3.jpg) | [Photo 2](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Elli78wXUAA10fl.jpg) | [Photo 3](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Elli8FKWkAIOe38.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Didn't he only have like 6 last season?
[removed]
""
Well done!
""
"I used to work at a restaurant right by Hopkins. His son Sean, best known for playing Sam in LoTR, would often join him and the rest of his family for dinners at our restaurant around the holidays. Great family and great group of people!"
"Years ago I was working at Hopkins and we had to go to his apartment to get some prop for a reading he was doing. We showed up at his place around 11am and he was still in his pajamas.

The man was honest-to-god wearing a sleeping cap, pom-pom halfway down his back and everything. Never in my life before or since have I seen one outside of cartoons or fairy-tales."
Lose to Steelers- NEVERMORE
My wife and I went to see this live on our first date!
""
"Been playing a lot of Pokemon lately (thanks COVID, I guess).  They introduced a new dungeon-mode, and THIS shiny decides to pop up today!  Good sign going into the game!

#FUCK THE STEELERS

#BELEE DAT"
I aint played since soul silver seeing a Pokemon I actually recognize feels good 😂
Not much more to be said.  Let's be great.  Fuck the Steelers.
"That's just like, your opinion, man."
""
Fuck the Steelers!
"9pm in Australia.. still, fuck the Steelers!"
Good morning ravens flock
Get in here!
Good morning everyone!!! Who's ready for a big W today?!
"I purposely slept more than usual so I have to wait less for the game, it's 6 hours from now and I'm already going insane"
Fuck the Steelers!!!! Yeah!!!!!
Awake and first thought I had was FUCK THE FUCKING STEELERS!! GO BOYS!!
It sucks that this game isn't the Sunday Night Game.  Who the hell wants to watch the NFC East anymore?
"My best buddy who was the best man at my wedding and is my daughters godfather is a steelers fan , first thing this morning he got a ""Good morning and fuck the steelers"" message"
"Can you believe my local cbs is showing the colts and lions today, I'm so annoyed, ravens never get any love around here even though it's the best matchup of the day"
time to take down these Yinzers and beat them to hell and back
"LFG FLOCKGANG!!

What color are we rocking today??"
Fuck the steelers
"FUCK THE STEELERS, FOREVER & ALWAYS!"
My head feels like a train hit it.  I took around 33 shots worth of drinks over a 6 and a half hour period last night.  I have projects to do and my arm hurts for reasons that I do not know and are probably related to all of that booze.  But I will literally let myseld develop a migraine and fail my shitty communication  class (why I even have to take that is beyond me) before I miss this game.
PUT DOBBINS IN YOUR DRAFT KINGS! Wait on second thought don’t!
Fuck the Steelers with their own ketchup!
How is everyone feeling about Ingram being out today (ankle)?
"STUNT. ON. THESE. HOES.

FUCK THE STEELERS"
Any word on Ingram. Will JK start if Ingram is out?
""
STUNT ON THESE HOES LAMAR 😭
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Loser wears the others team stuff for the thanksgiving game
Get your least favourite player on the back of ravens/steelers jersey whoever loses?
[removed]
Enjoy your ban from r/Steelers
Ok
Fuck the Steelers.
Gottem
[removed]
""
I would not consider it a bad thing to never play for the Browns again. Seems like everything is looking up for him now that he has experienced an unfortunate injury.
Sounds like a good thin for him.
Odell in the dumps now
"With his contract, I would be open to the trade. Heavily dependent on what the price is of course.  I wouldn’t give up a draft pick lower than a 3rd.  

But, Odell has talent.  ACL injuries are not career ending.  He’s still only 27 years old.  Mainly, his contract is team friendly.  His cap hit is $15mill, which is below market value for a Pro Bowl caliber WR. And there would be no guaranteed money, if he doesn’t return to form, he could be cut with no dead money.  To me, that would be worth the risk if you believe he can still be a top tier WR."
""
21 will not be feasting today or next week unfortunately.
""
This is why we drafted Dobbins. Let’s hope he steps up!
Time for JK to step up like we all know he's capable of
Ba god. Is that JK’s music..!?!
"“The #Ravens are without RB Mark Ingram today, and they may be without him next week vs. the #Colts as well, source said. It’s more of a high-ankle sprain than a low-ankle sprain and those often cause multi-week absences.”"
Remember when every yahoo on this sub wanted to flip Gus for a conditional 6th?
"It's weird but this news makes me just shrug. This offense has not lived and died through Mark Ingram and I expect we will see very little drop off without him. That's not a knock on Mark but Gus and Dobbins are more than capable of providing Mark's 37.5 yard and .3 TDs per game. 


Who knows, maybe this is a breakout game for either player and they just needed an opportunity to actually add some juice to the run game. Crazier things have happened."
Terrible to say it but this could be pretty good since Ingram was struggling especially in exploding through the hole while JK looked far more explosive and Gus looked damn good too.
Gus Edwards absolutely wrecked the Steelers in wk 17 last year
Feeing good about Gus Bus and JK pounding the rock. Gus in particular has had a solid season so far.
JK all day
"DYNAMIC DUO:

JK & GUS TIME"
Justice Hill.
I have a bad feeling about this. I hope Roman does not abandon the run again.
""
I still love that picture so much
TRUZZZ💤💤
This aged well
Results are pending
Man I’m a steeler fan and that picture is awesome.
And we lost.
That pic reminds me of [this Finnish painting](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Defense_of_the_Sampo) lol
Well this didn’t age well
Womp womp
[removed]
""
""
Not believable.  Arm not fat enough for a Steelers fan.
This is great!!! I need to remember this for next year.
That arm looks so realistic
"What am I looking at is that a fake arm? Do you ever give yourself a stranger with it I know you have before dont  lie.

Oh you're the cool lady excuse me sorry"
When are you guys ever going to learn
Another victim of disrespecting the towel
Just saying...might want to burn this post with fire. Nothing good comes out of disrespecting the towel. 😬
""
Surprised Ward is a healthy inactive. I guess someone has to take the fall for Yannick
"With Ingram out, hopefully this will be JK Dobbins time to shine."
Surprised about Ward being a healthy scratch. Guess they want fergy to get more develop/reps
"Seems less than ideal to have both Ellis and Washington inactive, only leaves four DL active on a sloppy rainy day"
What's this Achilles issue hadn't heard of this.
Hill should be inactive not Ward.  Hill is trash better to risk it with two backs and have Ward.
[deleted]
Looks like a wet start then clearing up after 2.  Ground and pound baby!
Kinda reminding me of the 49ers game last year tbh
I want to see fat fuck on the ground at least 20 times today
I’m so excited I can’t wait
If you’re at the game. BRING IT. Bring that noise  you gotta make up for a lot of people
Bens the kind of guy to set off the Lunk Alarm at planet fitness
What colour we wearing? Didn’t see an announcement this week
Looks like no black out today boys. Purple on White
Duv in for boykin is that true?
""
Source?
where'd you find this out?
A source would be much appreciated lol
Oh shit
Its about time! Boykin should not be on this roster next year
Wow
"Good, I have been saying Duv needs to get more work, he's been effective in limited touches so far"
"Good thing. Boykin has struggled a lot, Duvernay had lots of good flashes. Not ready to completely give up on Boykin though if he improves communication with LaMar."
HOLY SHIT FINALLY FUCK
Duvernay is my favorite Raven. Loved him at Texas.
About time
Couldn’t find a source for this anywhere
Source?
This thread won't age well..
Big if true. Is this true?
"Searched all over Twitter and Google. Couldn't find a single source that agrees with you. While I hope it to be true, I seriously doubt it."
I got my sources y’all! Enjoy the game!
""
Step QB wyd
"Dang, I forgot about Yannick for a second."
"Judon about to give him that body built by Taco Bell 

Two burritos, one Ben"
[deleted]
"Quoth the raven ""Fuck the Steelers."""
This is random but Jimmy smith deserves ring of honor eventually
Someone send 40 lbs of crabcakes to Yanda's house
Man these 4 yard punches are great. Please don't get away from them.
#The Greg Roman School for Players Who Can Run Good and Want to Do Other Stuff Good Too
I like to imagine the hood shit that mp was saying when he was fighting for that ball in that pile
"If Tucker goes down as the best kicker ever in history, and gets into the HOF, do you think the Ravens will build a statue outside the Bank of him?"
"LMAO Lamar fucking killed this game. 3 fumbles, 1 lost, 2 ints. Just shit performance. 

Like last year he's kept the Steelers in the game"
So a bit of hand fighting is PI but that car crash isn't.
Mad respect to the fan in the stands wearing the Elite Joe tshirt 😂
Then not showing that PI again says it all. Dog shit call
"Bengals fan, the Ravens should've gotten time added"
"Bro, these force fumbles are ridiculous. I have never seen a team so gung-ho for forcing fumbles especially in the secondary"
FUCK YOUNG SHELDON
i really wanna see a yannik sack before the day is done
We should be up 17-0 but Lamar needed to gift 14 points to the Steelers to maintain the integrity of this rivalry
Refs gave them half that drive.
"And then the NFL tommorow will say ""Oops, our bad.  We should have put time back on the clock.  Oopsies."""
Can I get a fuck the Steelers
I hate the Steelers as much as the next guy but that wasn’t a dirty play
"BEN IS PLAYING JUST AS BAD AS LAMAR, YALL NEED TO STFU"
"Christ, Lamar had ice in his veins on that last sequence. Had to sprint to the line, throw an extra ball out of bounds (wtf) and then spike it. There are only a few QBs in the league who would've managed that."
every pass we defend is PI but thats legal in the endzone? fuck that
Man I'm deflated after that injury fucking fuck
"#SO WE’RE JUST GONNA ABANDON THE PASSING GAME NOW?!

*/s*"
Can someone make a petition to get the refs fired for being bad?
Why can't they show us the fucking PI replay 🤔🤔🤔
SIGNING DEZ SCARED THE SHIT OUT OF BOYKIN
Horrible play by lamar. You gotta get rid of it. I saw that fumble coming a mile away.
Beating the shit out of the patriots on national television is going to be fun
I honestly wouldn't mind losing if it wasn't handed over by the refs.
"I mean I’m no TJ Watt fan but it wasn’t like that was intentional. Just fucking sucks man, Stanley is a HUGE part of this team"
Maybe Judon was on to something when he tried to punch that ref
Anyone else feeling FIRED UP?
Lamar gotta stop playing so cocky and STUPID
Steelers are lucky to be down 10 right now
"I love the game plan today.

We've all been hard on Roman but big credit to him!"
"You can’t win a game not passing at all. The wildcat is not a legitimate offense style. Lamar needs to be able to throw. The team needs to be able to pass. 

This team is not going to be a real threat unless Lamar gets it together."
The penalty differential in this game is criminal
"If Steelers win,  game ball needs to go to the refs.  That entire drive was carried on the back of weak ass calls."
"As a European, those political commercials are so fucking stupid."
CAN ANYONE EXPLAIN WHY THERE AINT NO MORE TIME ADDED
"Ravens lost by four points after giving up four turnovers and dealing with refs that clearly favored the Steelers. Lamar gotta play better, idk if it’s Greg Roman not scheming better pass plays, or what but this is disappointing."
I can stomach no flag on that play IF the same officials don’t throw 70 yards in flags for questionable AT BEST penalties on Baltimore.
Can we stop acting like TJ Watt deliberately injured Ron lol
Let's not forget that our defense just blanked the Steelers in the first half
Y’all I can’t even lie theres been times where our rush makes me giggle like a kid on Christmas cause its so good today
Man what a huge impact discussing those 5 yards had
"tony romo mentions how we abandoned the first down run


how is it that everybody sees it except for our offensive coordinator


the only guy that matters to see it"
"I really REALLY REALLY want lamar to prove everyone here wrong, right fucking now."
Someone needs to explain to me how we can’t scheme hollywood open once a game with 4.2 speed
"Good ole fashioned ref ball, expect nothing less from the steelers."
Steelers have gotten 110 yards from penalties and lead by 4 points. The biggest threat to our team is our team
"""the socialists"" 

bruh I wish"
Fuck these refs man. They don't deserve their jobs. Fuck. Them.
"You gonna blame the refs for that fumble, Shitsburgh?"
Anyone else notice how even during the sack there were no purple jerseys diving at linemen legs?
He fumbled the ball to get some extra yards come on now big brain
I wonder how many wins have been decided by Justin Tucker
"This game really shouldn’t even be close. We’re dominating, just have to protect the ball. Should be up 24-0 if not for the pick-six & fumble inside the 10."
This team needs to stay with their running roots. They're not a passing team. They are a run HEAVY team
"lamar just tries to do way too much on every play, a first down incompletion is fine"
"These PI calls are ""turn off the TV"" level"
"I AM SO FUCKING ANGRY AT THIS TEAM RIGHT NOW.

UP 17-7. AND NOW WE ARE BLOWING IT. 😡"
If we had even average QB play this game is 28-3
110 yards in penalties. After a bye week. Just unreal.
We have had some bad plays that definitely deserved penalties but when they don't show replays of shit like PI I get fucking suspicious.
Being beaten by a team is one thing. Being picked on by the guys who are supposed to be judicators of the game is just not ok
So it’s cool for Tomlin to not wear his face mask?
Why the hell didn’t they put time back on the clock
Refs screwed us  by not putting time on the clock
How does no time get added back holy fuck
"Seriously, when are coaches and players going to start publicly questioning the legitimacy of the game? This officiating is shit."
What an absolute bullshit way to end a dirty and bullshit ref’d game.  Fuck the Steelers.
TJ is such a bitch he did it last year vs RG3 and hes hitting Lamar when he clearly doesn't have it this year
"Man, when lamar is on point with his throws, it's a beautiful thing."
How about calling  our secondary The Strip Club
"People saying Lamar is holding the ball to long not seeing that out WRs aren’t getting separation or that his OLine is absolutely atrocious this season and he constantly has to reposition. We needed WRs, but now with ALL our line hurt, we can’t address it again."
JJ Watt's little brother is a *biiiiiiitch*
#FREE JUDON
Imagine thinking anyone other than Tucker is the best kicker in the league
"Averaging close to seven yards per run...let's keep passing!!

Fuck my life..."
Roethlisberger is playing 2015 Flacco style just chucking it and letting the refs win the game for him
Why the fuck are we throwing passes to Ricard LMAO
"Peter's getting back at the refs for that bad call lol

""Try calling a penalty on this shit"""
Sam Koch would never.
Why couldnt you play one more year marshal?
How they gonna advertise Chik fil a on a Sunday
"JK Dobbins has looked fantastic this half.

Super encouraging!"
JK Dobbins had 69 rushing yards in the first half
I think having Ingram out shows how underutilized Dobbins is.
If not for the pick six it would be 17-0 right now. Defense is playing lights out and the run game is on fire. Can’t let up on the gas!
Time of Possession 20:09/9:51
"HOW THE FUCK DO YOU STRETCH OUT A FUCKING KIDNEY TRANSPLANT INTO A 20+ EPISODE SHOW, SO FUCKING DUMB"
Lamar’s mistakes 14 Baltimore Ravens 17
Lamar’s been having alot of “off games” this season. Been frustrating to watch
"2 picks, 2 fumbles and an almost pick in a little over half.. Damn wtf"
"Fuuuuuck this ad. ""Normal"" my fucking ass"
"Greg Roman should be fired. He did the same shit before he got here, run game is great but can’t draw up pass plays. I’m tired of his shit"
remember when steelers fans were bitching about the refs
The last two touchdowns were bullshit dpi calls...
Wonder if the steeler fans are still complaining about that one call in the first quarter
I'm gonna have a nervous breakdown.
ISNT THAT A PERSONAL FOUL!?!?!?!?
"That doesn't make any sense. By this logic, the defense can just fake an injury after every play, the clock still runs out and they get a rest"
And also why tf did they not add time
[deleted]
peters watching some marlon tape
"1) Where was the blocking?

2) Why would we pass when we were shredding them with the running game?

3) THROW IT AWAY!!!"
"You had like 3 or 4 yards in front of you, why throw it?"
Jackson needs to cut the fucking shit with the turnovers
JK DOBBINS WAS RUNNING WELL. WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST GIVE HIM THE BALL TO FINISH IT.
"It’s still so weird to watch our corners actually be able to tackle in the open field, I’m not used to this"
Lamars pocket awareness the last 3 games has been absolute dogshit
"We’re you guys not here during the Flacco years? 

Time to run the fucking ball and play def. it’s not over."
I'd like to give a quick shout out to the mods for stomping out these brigading rednecks from Hicksburgh swiftly
"I know it should make me mad but whenever Jackson fucks up and he pops up with that smile?

That god damn smile."
Fuck all the Steelers fans in this thread
"Well, it’s nice to see Cincinnati doing us a favor by taking out the Tennessee Trash"
I feel like Tony Romo would be a good friend
EDC looks like a genius for picking JK
ngokue is noticed hard. nearly every bad Roethlisberger pass has been related to pressure brought by him
Ben with a whopping 24 passing yards.
Steelers fans were so cocky and hyping up their defense after beating on bad teams (excluding the titans which they almost choked). nearly 200 rushing yards allowed at the half lol
"Do y'all really think this is a bad game??

It's a Ravens Steelers game and on defense we're dominating and on offense we're winning more battles than not. Keep this up and we're golden!!"
"Lamar's getting ""Blame of the Game"" if we lose this 100%"
"If not for Lamar fucking up, they have 0 fucking points and its a blowout."
One vantage point is that Lamar is saving us tons of future cap space.  He’s not getting a Mahomes deal with shit like this
"seriously without the 2 int and the fumble were up by 24, the discipline issues from before the  bye week are still there"
I think this just proves that Lamar still needs full pre-season camp activities. Not having full off-season practice and time with receivers has set him back.
We about to game plan this to a loss.
Once again our defense is getting worn out because our offense is fucking stagnant
Bullying us now. If we fall behind we aren’t clawing back.
Now Roman is going to predictably abandon the run because we’re down 4 points
Lamar is being exceptionally careless with the ball today
WHAT THE FUCK WHY DONT YOU CALL THE STEELERS FUCKING PENALTIES HOLY SHIT THE REFS SHOULD GET FIRED
Refs drove the ball for them
False start not called.
Ref ball for literally 5 minutes... bruh judon an idiot for hitting a ref now they’re getting us back
All comes down to the 4th down now. Jesus.
"We are not a contender, Lamar and Roman have regressed hard"
"2 Interceptions, 2 Fumbles, 9 penalties for 110 Yards, 2/3 Injuries (1 season ending), 1 player ejected for punching a referee.

Fucking. Incredible."
"AFTER A WHOLE DAY OF WEAK AS FUCK PI, WE CAN'T GET SHIT"
Blow them tf out on Thanksgiving please
HOLD UP Ben only got 24 yards in the first half???? I better here about this all week just like they do Lamar
Watt is just straight rushing Lamar every play.
Love the Ravens eating up clock. Wanna see the Steelers D gassed in the 4th qtr.
I love how a steelers player just runs straight at lamar every play no matter what
Put Boyle in and tell him the chip block the shit out of TJ punk ass.
Lamar’s gotta know to not hold it for that long. Especially not right at the LOS.
Lamar can’t hold the ball that long
"By the way, guys. You can’t run the ball every down. 

Quit blaming the play calls. That ain’t it."
"Pick six, fumble in the redzone, lose one of our most important players for the season. Just fuck it all up"
Lamar is holding the ball too long. He needs to get the ball out quick. Especially with the line is shambles. He’s not gonna have the time to wait for something perfect to open up
Their offense hasn't done shit. This is very winnable
That looked like the Prime 2019 offense
Longest half ever holy shit
Say what you want about Lamar but he’s tough as nails
Snead out there like who the fuck is Dez Bryant
The refs calling forward progress there is some bullshit
"I heard a lot of people talking shit about OBJ (Orlando) and I just can't take it. He is solid af and we are lucky to have him.

Edit: This shit talk was a result of me saying OBJ could definitely hold it down at LT if he needed to. And he looks the part."
Attn: Can we take a second to slow clap the O-line for staying strong #Next Man Up
"We played like shit against the eagles in the second half 

This game is far from over"
I really think this defense can be historic
Let's not act like the game is over - WE NEED TO CLOSE. Don't take your foot off their neck until the 4th quarter is done!
Let’s not get comfortable. The Steelers are incredibly well run. They’ll make it tough for us to continue how we did first half.
Bowser > Judon
Can’t say that I notice a difference with Judon gone...
[deleted]
Blame of the game is so easily Lamar. Doesn’t matter how bad the play calling is you still don’t just throw it into defenders lol
Lamar..  you got this
"Judging from a lot of these comments, a lot of people must've forgot how Ravens-Steelers games usually go...."
Lamar PFF grade going to be a 0.0 for this game
#Harbs needs to go upstairs and smack the shit out of Roman
"Just a disgraceful offensive performance yet again.

Imagine thinking Brown, Boykin and Snead will take you to the promised land in this league..."
Yeah that is clearly Opi on Claypool
Claypool acting like he didn’t get bailed out by like 3 bs calls
Must be nice only having to go 30 yards a drive to score
"110-30 penalty yards

What a fucking joke"
"""7 straight run plays"" and look at the good it's done us!!!!"
Ofc the Refs fucked us again
No clue on how they just allowed it to be 8 seconds
starting to wish judon actually hit that ref
Well fuck. Is that Lamar's first pick-6?
Worst throw I've seen him make I think.
I swear we absolutely waste a play on every set of downs.
Boykin looking like a man today!!!
"Refs- Call a bullshit foul

Peters- aight i see you. I’ll let em catch it"
Keep feeding the bus
"Now all we gotta do is run the ball, don't risk with an INT, eat from the clock and run for a TD. LET'S GO AND FUCK THE STEELERS!"
Keep running the ball. Watt is spying Lamar only. Hand it off to Gus/Dobbins for easy 5 yrds/carry
I got hate for saying TJ is a dirty player. Watch him on literally every rush get a late hit on Lamar
Hyped we got the ball but that PI call on Peters was just about the worst fucking thing I've ever seen
Lamar needs to stop playing hero ball sometimes
"well boys, we could go on to blow out the steelers and this would still be a very bad day for our football team. Sad to see it."
Getting Brigaded.
This thread is moving so fast that no one will know that I’m saying fuck the Steelers!!
Dumbass Judon
Oh well... More snaps for Yannick and bowser
Judon leaves the field and we get our first sack 😂  oh the irony
"I think the whole mutual respect thing is out the window right now. Both teams just want to kill each other, and it's the way it should be."
"Being frustrated at their offense 

Steelers 🤝 Ravens"
WHY THE FUCK DIDN'T THEY STOP THE CLOCK FUCKING BS
The Dolphins are beating the Rams 28-7 with under 60 yards of offense.  Wow.
Karma for that weak dpi call on Peters in the first
That turnover was basically a fuck you to our defense
17-0 if lamar doesnt make bonehead plays
Only Ravens mistakes are keeping the Steelers in this game.
"Lamar better show the fuck up.  He's been trash this game, and people saying otherwise on this thread need to face the facts."
Only difference between Lamar's performance in this game versus the Bengals game is the Steelers are catching these INTs.
"Right tackle is a full two yards off the line, receivers never getting set... We got called for both of those earlier when it wasn't nearly as bad"
Sack that rapist!
Justice Hill is in and we do a QB dive on 3rd and 8... We have lost all confidence smdh
Guys it’s okay to be critical of Lamar. We don’t have to go through mental gymnastics to just say he’s been bad today
"We've just seen in the past 3 minutes

* a Lamar rush TD
* a Hollywood / Lamar pass TD
* another Hollywood / Lamar pass TD"
"Our offensive line: 

LT: Orlando Brown (filling in for injured Ronnie Stanley)

LG: Bradley Bozeman (3rd year 6th round pick)

C: Matt Skura (5th year UDFA, coming off a ACL, MCL, PLC, and dislocated knee injury)

RG: Patrick Mekari (2nd year UDFA, filling in for injured Tyre Philips)

RT: DJ Fluker (29 year old RT filling in for Orlando Brown)"
They aren't even showing us a replay - it was def bs
Literally a free TD on a silver platter from the refs I can't even believe it
These ficking ticky tacky penalties are so fucking stupid
Nice job showing the “pi” cbs
The flags have been very ticky tacky and they’re throwing every flag on us. If Lamar wins this despite the turnovers he’ll have a lot of respect. Mahomes has won games like this numerous times. It’s time we see LJ do it too
Lol “too weak to rebuild our nation (that we broke)”
This game has been called so shit it's not even close to funny.
ITS ALMOST LIKE WE'RE GOOD AT RUSHING OR SOMETHING!!!
Lamar goes right he has a TD.
They’ve got to charge the Steelers a timeout for that
Shluld be a forced timeout at the end of last play
they have to either give us 5 yards or give us a timeout for the injury
How did we not get more time. That's bullshit
CALLS FOR PI FOR THEM ALL FUCKING GAME
That was a clear foul.
Fitzpatrick made contact before the ball was even there
"With Lamar off his game, a number of O line injuries, rainy day... Not the outcome any of us wanted but appreciated the hustle in the last 5. Move on, learn, and bring better energy and healthy players to playoffs"
Judon has more hits on an official than opposing QBs lmaooo
fuck tj watts bum ass
Someone in the sub said duv is starting. If so. LETTSSS FUCKINGG GOOOOOOO
this game will decide my feelings for the rest of today and beyond a little
Miss yanda...
Mikes Boykin said fuck this subreddit
Great job by Lamar and Boykin on the TD
#PETERS WITH THE REDEMPTION!!
"""Welp, here I go being a sledgehammer again""

- Gus Edwards"
Steelers have a good plan sending Watt every single time. The traditional run game has to feast on his lack of contain
Saw that coming.....Lamar tuck it and run baby
Lamar needs to get out of his own head and just do what he do
Dobbins runs for 30....next play let's pass...
Horrible injury after a massive extension seems a very Ravens thing... fuck
Any chance EDC can swing a 5th for a top 3 LT??
let’s win it for Stanley. PLEASE.
Lamar is so indecisive this season.  Looks like a rookie.
"If Lamar thinks he’s gonna have more than 3 seconds to throw, especially without Stanley, we’re fucked"
Pitts offense looks weak as fuck
"That drive, on this defense, was absolutely LEGENDARY"
This game is for stanley
"As I have said for far too many years, ""Every time Roethlisberger is sacked, an angel gets her wings."""
Lamar playing 4d chess with the fumble for the extra yardage
Ankle for ronnie..better than knee?
"Takeaways at the half:

-They're lucky they're not losing by more points.

-Ben hasn't thrown Marlon's way at all.

-This OL combo is great at setting up the run. I like that a whole lot, especially thinking about the future.

-A classic AFC North turnover showdown."
Tucker is the greatest NFL player of all time When rated by how good they are at their job
Imagine if that pick-6 didn't happen and we were up 17-0
"We are playing an undefeated team, Lamar has looked shaky but I have to remind you Lamar always tightens that shit up. in the second half, we are only screwed when his mistakes get us behind."
Defense nice and rested
"Not Ravens related, but I'm so glad Tua is balling

I was hyped for him for the past 2 years, and with the pressure of burrow and herbert, in glad he's playing well too.

Disappointed that all three of those are in the afc though!!"
Ben going full flacco and heaving the ball downfield hoping for flags
What the fuck is wrong with Lamar
Such bad throws. So fucking bad. Lamar is embarrassing himself today. 14 points currently in effect due to Lamar's turnover. Let's see if our defense can keep it from being 21.
WHY THE FUCK DID WE NOT RUN THE BALL. I'M LEGIT PISSED
"Also important to acknowledge all these Lamar turnovers are happening in either our 20 or their 20, he's absolutely killing us today."
Lamar either makes great plays or questionable plays
We’re getting a touchdown rn
I feel like we've somehow regressed back to the flacco years. And not the good ones
Which pedestrian Steelers LB is gonna get a pick next drive?
We're down because of Lamar
"I need a lamar response drive, or ima be irrationally angry at him the rest of the day"
It ain’t over yet.  Chin up and “CAW CAW!!”
Romo is being annoying asf today. Usually I love him but my god
Fire Greg Roman
There are so many times this season where I’ve seen refs destroy the raven momentum with bad calls. Forget the ravens/ Steelers rivalry. It’s ravens/ refs.
How hard is it to call it a TD and  just review it?
yay thanks refs for fucking us again and again. 0 oline holds on pits right? fuck this league
Claypool wouldn't last a minute with the Baltimore fans he's trash talking lmao
"Quick, start saying the Ravens are done. They are good when we say they’re done."
"Nothing else to say about that drive other than the refs should be ashamed, such stupid calls moved the ball for them."
Pathetic. 100 yards again of penalties. More shit offense. More shit defense at crucial times. Fuck me.
"What a bunch of bullshit calls holy crap.... they're not allowed to play \*any\* defense.  Steelers throw it deep, if no catch then pass interference."
"That drive, sponsored by refs.

Refs, you can't get the rub of the green with them if you're the Baltimore Ravens."
Can't wait to score so steelers can come out and launch a 95 yard pass and get a flag to win.
I’m loving dobbins.
DOBBINS IS A BEAST
Why the fuck would we kick a FG? We're down 4
Lamar shoulda bounced it outside ahhhh
4th and game
fucking heart attack time
With all the shit happened this game I'm proud of our boys against a great team
No matter what happens defense balled out today not one ounce a blame to them
#THEY BETTER FUCKING PUT TIME BACK
"If they didnt give the time back, they should have given 5 more yards for being offside."
WHERE IS THE TIME
"Trash refs. I know Ravens effed up, but that legit cost us another chance..."
If I hated the steelers now even more
Fun ref ball
Tough when you had to play the Steelers and the Stealers in one game.
Just fake an injury if you want with 20 seconds left. You don’t have to worry about the zebras giving time back to the ravens
Fuck off with these Trump ads
"""We aren't going to let you run a play because of the injury, but you also get no more time.""

BS"
No time added to the clock and an un-called DPI in the end zone. Perfect ending to such a shit game.
Lamar gifting them 14 points. smh. worst game of his career IMO.
Bro every fucking week they have Bill Cowher sucking off some Steeler in an interview
Boykin took coaches words to heart
"Tied the game back up! Good shit, not losing our heads"
#COME ON DEFENSE GET AN EVEN BETTER PICK SIX!!
Steelers fans crying about the refs in r/NFL lol
Lmao r/NFL is saltyyyyy
"Ah, just like every other Ravens-steelers game. We both beat tf out of each other, and go from DAMMIT to YEAH BOI every 3 seconds"
Peters luring them into a false sense of security with that penalty so he could get the fumble
That’s instant redemption from peters lol
"Peters said, ""fine, I'll just let him catch it then"""
Lamar throwing a pick 6 is like the lead singer throwing up before actually going on stage and performing a huge gig lmao
Juiceman has officially graduated from the Marlon Humphrey School of forcing fumbles.
Dobbins will finish the drive
After seeing Pit fans complaining about the refs i sincerely hope we put 60 on em man
"Tony Romo: ""ravens need to get 4 yards on first downs today""

Ravens: get 4 yards on every first down"
"Steelers are hitting Lamar after every play even obvious runs. There's gonna be a fight, I'll be disappointed if we don't start one. They're dirty and we need to send a message"
Held onto it too long honestly
Lamar wtf??????? Can't do that shit in the fucking red zone.
Really gonna be one of those games.
"Jackson seems too zoned in to prove he can pass the ball. Run that down the middle and he’s in. Gotta look to the coaches on this, they’re holding him back."
Delay of game. At least 3rd uncalled penalty on the Steelers...
"Defense is bailing the offense out so far, again."
We gotta get out of our own way The way defense is playing we owe them a score
What kind of spot was that by the ref?
"Lamar is my QB, no doubt.  But his decision making these past weeks have had me frustrated with him.  Prove me wrong MVP!"
Fuck TJ Watt
Lamar's going to be under the gun all game now. Losing Stanley hurts bad.
"That will probably be our most impactful injury this year, can’t overstate how bad it will be to have Stanley out."
Bro I’m gonna be honest as I sit here in my LJ jersey. Dude has been making wildly risk decisions every single game this season. I do not want to see him become a liability. Coaches need to sear this into his brain
This game is really hard to watch emotionally
PLEASE LET RONNIE BE ALRIGHT.
Steelers offense looks ass so far. We need a TD
Apparently helmet to helmet contact isn’t a penalty on Lamar.
"#HANDS DOWN BEST DRIVE ALL SEASON

only one pass and ran all over them. WIN FOR STANLEY"
Gus is a starter on other rosters.
We have no choice but to run it down their throats. They’re not stopping the run and it’s the perfect way to neutralize the pass rush
Gus and JK are the future
Y’all see Watt so pissed! Lmao
Offsetting flags
If refs were smart the penalties would be offset...
Judon is a fucking imbecile.
Judon you dumb fuck
"Even though it didn't look intentional, why is it always fucking Judon."
Ref is an absolute pussy. If you don’t want to be touched don’t be in the middle of a scrum between fuckin 200-300lb mammoths
"Man, Judon got the short end of the stick on that. Didn’t mean to, was trying to split them up, but fuck."
I’m glad Yannick is here to stay
Man I want to see calais squish Ben's ugly ass
I don't care there is only 3:44 left.  Run the ball.  Don't give Steelers ball back.
"I know he wasn’t trying to hit the ref. But he’s still an idiot for trying to break out like that so close to a ref. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes."
Romo hearing and interpreting the audible calls makes me so angry at the normal commentator quality.
It's not an INT but what an awful fucking throw
We’ve dominated this game and have practically nothing to show for it.
"Hey diddle diddle, Dobbins up the middle"
The number of formation penalties this team has every week is fucking infuriating
"SAY IT ROMO SAY HIS NAME 
JUSTIN TUCKER"
"A run heavy game and we’re the last game to reach half time 

lol"
Can we just let it set in that defense pitched a shutout so far.
"Colts fan dropping by, Tucker is just so sensational. Cherish him."
A lot went wrong but god dammit our guys are showing some god damn heart today. I love it.
"Didn't even look at the TV, knew he'd make it

Positives: The Steelers offense was shut out the WHOLE half. 26 straight quarters of scoring now. The run game is looking strong

Negatives: Losing Phillips and Stanley. WTF Judon? Lamar is still messy today, ball control needs to be a focus."
it’s a pleasure to watch the kicking goat casually nail a 51 yarder with 0 fear.
Goddamn I love never worrying about our Kicker missing
Being up 10 without Ronnie and Judon with 2 turnovers whilst dominating TOP and yards just shows how good we can be if we get everything working.
"Steelers defense is legitimately a nightmare matchup for Lamar. The THIRD year QB is up 17-7 at the half. I understand he hasn't been perfect, but gotta give the kids props. We're popping off some big runs because Steelers defense was told dont let Lamar out of your sights, yet he's still making crucial plays in a rainy day. Lets keep this up in the second half!!!"
Fuck off Romo
Wtf was that? That pass was never gonna make it. Lamars been a borderline liability this game. Not that Ben is doing much either but Jesus
"Jackson oats his chest and says ""My fault.""

No shit."
This defense deserves better than our offense
Lamar has been Pittsburgh's best offense today holy shit
This team is winning in spite of Lamar and the passing game. An elite defense and running game is what’s carrying us. Face the facts. Whenever we pass Lamar puts us in worse positions.
Lamars decision making this season has been fucking awful.
Lamar refuses to read defenses pre snap. Roman refuses to do anything pre snap to help him out. It’s like the book on developing quarterbacks is being willfully ignored. Year 3 is the make or break year for quarterbacks and these decisions are not getting any better from Lamar or the coaching staff.
"I don't buy the ""its just a good defense,"" Steelers aren't forcing 4+ turnovers every week. This is bad QB play."
why can't Hollywood brown get open? first round pick with no catches.  we need a spark on offense to go with the run game.
This game would be 24-0 Ravens without the turnovers
Defense doing that thing again where they are nowhere to be seen around open receivers past the sticks
"Take some notes, Lamar. That's how fast you need to release the ball sometimes."
We have 17 points they have one good drive all game and take the lead
Let's see if the MVP can wake up after 2.5 quarters.
Time to punch back
Just gifting them shit today.
Also I’m a giant lamar fan but come on hes just playing like garbage right now
We need a takeaway from our d right now.
I believe in the madden curse now
Idgaf about the scoring streak RUN THE BALL ON SECOND AND EIGHt
please stop going 5 wide please stop it
I see our offence has used the bye week *exceptionally well*.
that is the weakest holding call I think I have ever seen lmao what the fuck
"#WE SCORED 3 TDs THERE, DON'T @ ME"
"So one thing I’m realizing, is that even though this isn’t a textbook come from behind game. This is the third lead change. Lamar has been ridiculed for not being able to keep the team in games if he isn’t leading. This might be a step in the right direction for his confidence. Especially against the Steelers"
This reminds me of last years game in Pitt where the refs just walked them down the field every drive.
Refs blind to Steelers holding but got 20/20 vision on our team
stupid cunt claypool silencing the fans? yeah easy when the refs drive the field for you.
They couldn’t even find a replay to show for the pass interference on Marlon because it was such hot garbage.
"Please run the ball. Please run the ball and burn some clock. Please run the ball, burn some clock, and don’t give Big Ben any time for a last-minute drive."
"Ejections, over 100 yards of penalties, blatantly not calling oline holding or obvious pick plays on PITs. Like what's even the point to watch NFL when its this poorly called."
Refs carrying old Big Ben because he's too heavy to do it himself
Frankly if Lamar can’t manufacture a drive here we aren’t made for the super bowl yet
"Eat this clock, get seven, end it."
I am fucking in love with Dobbins
This seems like a good time to bring up the fact that JK Dobbins banged my girlfriends cousin
Omg I hate this team on third down and it shouldn’t be like that
This 4th down is do or die for us 😬
That was a horrible play call and everyone is blaming Lamar. He had no shot on that play.
They literally cannot stop the fucking run and Roman got anxious bc they stopped one run play
Not even a fan of either team but I mean kind of unnecessary roughness or something jeez
Forgot about the Steeler refs
"Analyst: ""Ravens are imposing their will on this steelers team"" folks we absolutely love to hear it."
Steelers and Refs vs Ravens Every year.
"Bengals fan here. Just wanted to say
Fuck the Steelers!!"
"Thats not on roman. Lamar has gifted them 14, shit happens. Gotta play better"
6-0 Steelers at 5-1 Ravens at 1 pm....2-5 Cowboys at 2-4-1 Eagles for primetime. Tell me thats not some bullshit
"Steelers are literally just tackling Lamar on every play and the refs are like ""Idk I didn't see anything""

EDIT: a word"
They could’ve been called for unnecessary roughness 3 times already.
Wow where has this Boykin been???
Gorgeous throw.
This is going to be a good but stroke-inducing game.
I think they put a GPS voice in Boykins helmet cause he was actually where he was supposed to be lmao
[removed]
MARCUS PEANUTS
Karma for the bullshit PI
I say that makes up for the “pass interference”
4 yards every run is what we need at the very least
bruh i missed the first fiveminutes did lamar throw a pick six ?
My wife is from Central PA. Needless to say we haven’t spoken today. Fuck the Steelers.
Bro are you fucking kidding me
"Chew an aspirin folks, gonna be a stressful day lol."
Dude. Fucking throw it. Jesus.
So at this rate there’ll be 15 turnovers between both teams but the end of the game
He’s gotta calm the fuck down
Is it just me or could he have ran that in or at least close to the end zone?
I’m loving this defense right now
Lamar on the bench wondering what that kind of protection would be like
Both teams have a championship Defense clearly. I just need Lamar to awaken the inner MVP
Are the refs just ignoring the play clock? Pretty sure they had 2 plays out of 3 run out the clock and no call
"Jimmy Smith is like a fine wine. He’s ironically gotten better for us even as his talent has dropped off, simply by being able to step into a less demanding role"
That proves my theory refs have no fucking idea where a kick goes out hes 10 yards off
We **have to** capitalize. Lamar can't pump fake three times. Just give it to Dobbins and Gus!! They're gaining at least 4-5 yards in 1st down runs. We don't need to pass on these jabronis
10 minutes in and the Steeler’s offense hasn’t done shit without a gifted DPI. That’s a positive. Just need to finish a drive.
Steelers are so fucking dirty
FUCK YOU PITTSBURGH
TJ Watt can fuck himself
"Jesus fucking Christ... and of course it’s fucking Watt, despite it being accidental.... FUCK!"
Fuck offense were winning with defense now
It has to be bad coaching. Why doesn't anyone tell Jackson to learn when to throw it away?
BLESS UP BIG RONNIE GET BETTER SOON MY GUY
Turned on the game and the first thing I see is Stanley getting carted off the field. Fuck my life bro
I can’t even watch after the Ronnie Stanley injury I’m so hurt boys
Orlando Brown could be an LT on other teams. The season isn't over.
I wonder if Ngakoue could play O line...?
Ravens need to run it more. They literally get 4-5 yards a carry...
"Lamar throws a TD: “OMG GOAT MVP”

Lamar throws an incompletion: “wtf how did he regress, when will he learn to throw”"
All crap aside the Ravens are playing good football on both sides of the field. Turnovers were bad but offense has moved well against the (2nd) best D in the league
Wait... running as a run-heavy offense... works?
That drive looked like the 2019 ravens
checkmate Roman our pass blocking olineman are all injured. now you ha w no choice but to run the ball
TJ Watt could stab Lamar with a rusty faceshield and I don't think the refs would call a penalty
"Calling it, we're resigning Gus next year"
Dont be stupid boys
"Weak ass call, ejection my ass"
I mean he obviously wasn't trying to punch the official but jesus Judon you are such an idiot.
"Everyone saying Judon is a dumbass rn. He did NOT swing at the ref. He’s pulling his arm from the coach. 

Should he have been penalized? Sure. DQ’d? Hell no."
NFL refs are the weakest people on this planet I swear
Judon will be a great Jet.
Judon was pulling that pos steeler off Peters' facemask
"Oh boy, here comes the ""can we trade Judon?"" posts, as if anyone wants that enough to give something up."
"Lol, this is a good game. Really feisty! Haven't seen that from the Ravens/Steelers matchup in while."
DeSack Elliott
"This is Ravens/Steelers football.

I hate it... BUT I LOVE IT!"
[deleted]
"Deshon has really impressed me, screw ET3"
seeing campbell jump is fucking scary
"This game definitely has a different atmosphere than last years 2 games. The rivalry is back. FUCK THE STEELERS. 

....And watt can suck my dick"
Uh oh - Ben faking an injury there. He setting up the ‘toughness comeback’ BS.
Fuck that rapist
I just had a heart attack
I think we can survive without Stanley with Brown Jr switched to the left and Fluker on the right
I love that Lamar always has a smile on his face after stuff like that. He's starting to have fun out there
"Now 4 starters, JFC. Just wrap everyone in bubble wrap and send Judon to therapy."
"Incomplete, but jesus fuck, Lamar"
All those Lamar haters love to knock his throws but love those runs ....
Honestly 200+ yards from this offense against that defense is hella fucking impressive. Especially with no Stanley.
DOBBINS IS SO GOOD
Snead isn't the flashiest player but he's consistent when we need him 🙏🏻
Aaaaaaand that’s why I’m at home and not coaching on Sundays
"Means nothing, but Lamar's behind the back spiral pass to ref was amazing."
Romo didn’t have shit to say about Tucker.
ROMO QUIET
Should honestly be blowing them out
"I swear to God, you could make the goal post four feet wide and Tucker would still make 90% of his kicks"
DEFENSE is playing lights out once again. First half shutout.
Despite everything I feel we have the momentum. We’ve kept the Steelers offense off the field.
Best run game iv seen all season. Dobbins  looks amazing. Cant wait to get Ingram back to.
I can already tell 4th quarter gonna have me hyperventilating.......and I'm not looking forward to it
steelers offence hasn't scored yet
"All this talk about the Steelers being the #1 defense, nope.  

We're #1 by far."
Let’s go. Revenge for Ronnie
Big Ben just doubled his passing yards in one play. concern.
JIMMY SMITH STILL A LOCKDOWN
Lamar is killing us
Lamar is single handedly keeping the steelers in the game. 3 crucial turnovers that are 100% on him.
Lamar man what are you doing
"Been seeing lots of comments: 


>	Lamar is playing maybe one of the worst games of his career.


The fact that our GDT’s are saying stuff like this *every. Single. Week* this season is big concerning"
Lamar had a bye week to prepare and he’s putting up the worse performance of his career. I don’t get it.
Lamar has made average LBs look like pro bowlers today.
Refs still butthurt that Judon “made contact” with one of them.
What is our defense doing? Can somebody explain why they are suddenly just giving up 10 yards plays out of nowhere
"[Extremely Greg Roman-ishly]

Uh oh, looks like we’re trailing now. TIME TO ABANDON THE RUN."
Cmon Lamar defense can only bail you out so many times
Don't wanna run on 2nd....but we'll run 3rd and 8...
Our passing game is nothing but Lamar trying to improvise. Nothing has worked as designed.
play calling has become predictable and stale.
Need a turnover
WHAT IS THIS. I really don't understand how people become OCs and are this trash. Get your fucking eyes off the Microsoft surface and watch the field.
Watching this game is the opposite of a good time
Why the fuck has TJ Watt been unblocked for like 25% of the snaps
Please Lamar do something 🙏
"Please just let Gus and Dobbins do their job. Stop going empty sets.

I seriously believe Roman and the team are letting social media response and PFF hype from stats dictate our game plans."
Let’s go Lamar!! Overcome adversity and let’s score! Show we can play from behind and get the lead back.
Watt is such a dirty fuck. Literally after every single play he does some stupid bullshit
You can only blame Lamar so much when receivers can't get open and the line can't get you more than 2 seconds
??????????? Go fuck yourself refs
Ravens made a good play QUICK THROW A FLAG
Were not getting that call with these refs but I think it’s still a smart challenge
knee that came down on the white.  We arent gonna win the challenge.
We just need one more stop
You all love Lamar again or what
I remember how it feels to be a Ravens fan circa 2011-2018.
Bonds literally gave up on the play???
Who tf is 38
I hate bitching about refs but omg
What the fuck did we do to these refs.
Have there been any calls at all on Pittsburgh after that first late hit?
Why was peters just watching that whole play
the refs are literally giving the steelers the game
Another questionable penalty by the refs. What the fuck
These penalties are a bit excessive
REFS GO SUCK A DICK
What is up with the penalties this year. Seems like we get so many this season
WAS THAT NOT AN ILLRGAL PICK?!!!
"Lol, that whole drive was gift-wrapped by the refs..."
It's just not fun to watch games that are completely manufactured by the refs.
110 yards (a free touchdown) gifted by the refs. John has to be vocal about this bullshit
"This D just gave up a long field with undisciplined play, lack of pressure and bad coverage.  C'mon man..."
100% ref aided drive
"Refs can call the game however they want, but just call the game the same BOTH WAYS"
"throw it and wait for the ref

gameplan is solid for ben"
Holy fuck the Bungles are gonna beat the Titans
Awful 3rd & 5
I don’t like the feeling of this one bit
Someone hold me
WHY TF IS IT EMPTY BACKFIELD ON 4TH AND 3
Well the “run the ball” crowd technically got what we were asking for lol
Empty backfield? On 4th and short? This is honestly shit that OCs get fired for
Holy fuck I’m just in disbelief at how bad that call was
Fuck the refs. Fuck the Steelers.
#NEED IV SNEED
We should get more time
Can we get some time back on the clock then...?
They better add time to the clock
Fuck dude my heart. I'm screaming so loud in going to get evicted
Lol fake injuries because the defense is gassed
Where is our 12 seconds back?
"we should've gotten time on the clock cuz of the injury 

WTFFFFFF"
Unreal. Refs love them
Some classic fucking refball sealed this
You dont see clearer fouls ever.
Damn can’t believe what I just saw. Duck the Steelers and fuck the north
I think LJ will learn from this.
"Steeler fan here coming in peace who for years loses fingernails watching the best rivalry in the NFL. Wanted to say I wish Ronnie Stanley who is a freaking warrior a speedy recovery. It’s fun to hate each other, the Ravens are ALWAYS tough as nails and I am here for it. Much respect, get well soon Ronnie if I’m going to talk shit I want u on the field"
[deleted]
"Call me what u will, but Lamar has single handedly fucked us."
"That looked bad. 

Refs fucked y'all

#birdgang."
"People saying it wasn’t intentional, tj watt tried to kill desean Watson out of bounds in the Texans game"
[deleted]
With these calls I wish Judon would have knocked that mf out lol
Blame of the game is Lamar and anybody who says otherwise needs to take their TV back to the store and never watch football again.
Have a good game games. I believe in y’all.
If you are watching this sober you are a warrior
Boykin and Snead showing up fucking finally
That's how you come back from a pick 6
Boykin looks incredible today. Maybe adding Dez to the squad is already paying dividends.
I'm gonna have a heart attack today
That's how you respond!!!!
Good ass drive after the mistake
Dez bryant is a wr whisperer bruh
So we are all gonna stay here right? Just let the Steelers fans melt down in the main thread.
Love to see steeler fans crying about refs like they aren’t one of the golden boy franchises that get favored constantly lol
Are they the fuck serious?? That wasn't catchable
PETERS TAKETH AND PETERS GIVETH.
Gonna die of cardiac arrest today goodbye cruel world.
He ripped the ball back under the pile ha
Turn it into 7. Let’s go.
What do you get when you cross an angry Raven and a shitty ass call by the refs? You get what you fucking deserve 💀
steelers fans gonna cry about the refs im sure
Son of a mother fucking BITCH these games
Damnit man. That’s two Lamar.
Why is he so afraid to take off and run?
I've seen that type of mistake happen one too many times. Keeps pumping then falls out
Saw that coming with the three pump fakes
"Bad Lamar . You are at the fucking goal line. This is the Steelers. Their Pressure is going to get to you after 4 secs.. You don’t pump fucking fake when the pocket around you has basically collapsed

Oline did it’s job and gave you more than enough time to make a decision. That’s 100 percent on Lamar"
This offence is just up and down. Lack of consistency will kill a team. The good means shit if you follow it up with bad play.
lets get a fucking safety going here.
Someone needs to tell lamar he's playing in the nfl and not his back yard
Lamar has to fucking tuck and run there
My fedex guy won’t put packages on my porch lol
God I miss Yanda so much. The big bearded beautiful bastard.
We’re playing fast and smart on d. Let’s keep it up.
"Short field, need some points. Lamar has to focus on ball security."
Offense did not even look that bad so far against the best defense in the league good shit guys
I just want to see Ngakoue get a sack today. Let’s go!!
"Well, it was a good year. The o line is already shit"
How was that dirty?  He rolled into him.
Lamar is making god awful decisions
Fortunately Ben looks terrible today
Remember when Peyton Manning got carried by his defense with the Colts to a Super Bowl? That might have to be us this year.
Man that turnover in the red zone gonna be painful at the end. Suspect 3 extra points would be enough to win this game
Lamar needs to stop trying to be a pocket passer and be Lamar. Be the person that got you the MVP and not this pocket person.
It’s almost like we built a team to pound and pound....
GUS THE BUS!
"&#x200B;

**Touchdown Ravens!!!!**"
minkah definitely led with his head on that lamar hit
Everyone stepping up rn !
"Holy shit, did Greg Roman just *adjust*?"
How did Stanley go down and then we dominate the power run on that drive. Football doesn’t make sense lol
"Ronnie Stanley getting injured is so terrible.

I get so sad whenever a big bear goes down."
Lamar took the toughest shot of his career on the chin (literally) and got right back up. Obviously he can't be getting hit all the time but all those people and media who said he's fragile can fuck off. Kid is tough
That was the best drive I've seen all season
I hate that it took Stanley going down for us to start running the offense this way.
"If not for the fumble, this game'd likely be 21-7. This is tense, but we knew it would be. We've answered the call well today"
TJ Watt crying on the sidelines hahah
Watt are you crying about
The Steelers are bitches
"Fuck these officials man 

if you need 5 to talk it over its no fucking penalty

no one wants to see you on the screen"
Stupid fucking Judon
Judon is literally good for one thing and thats getting penalties
Alright nevermind Judon didn’t do anything that ref flopped
Judon is dumb but that wasn’t his fault
THATS THE SAME FUCKING REF PUT THE PUNT 10 YARD DOWN FUCKING STEELERS FAN
Campbell is our god
I’m just enjoying the hell out of Nantz Romo
Saints fan here. That PI on Peters early in the game was a weak call and so was that Judon call
Anyone see that dudes Flacco hoodie?  Elite
Ravens Steelers is the best rivslry by far in the NFL
"Yannick made first contact, I love it


Great call, Wink let's fuckin goooooo"
The D might be faster without Judon. It's fine. FTS.
So is Ben actually hurt or is he just acting hurt like he always does
"There it is, the annual Ben Rothlisberger fake injury against us"
Ben's gonna play up an injury and then limp around all game because he loves when people think he's tough.
"I miss Ronnie, but it’s nice to see how well were doing without him against such a good defense"
It's almost time for a bomb to Marquise
Lamar is trying so hard to prove the doubters wrong that hes proving them right.
Ravens are proving the forward pass was a mistake
They are not the #1 defense. They have just played shitty teams.
Over 150 rushing yards in the first HALF
Hello everyone! I hope you have some room on the bandwagon for a Texans fan this year. My friend recently took his own life and the Ravens were his team.  Immersing myself in the Ravens seems like the only appropriate thing to do. Can’t wait to join y’all along the journey this year ❤️
They called Justin Tucker “one of the absolute best” and I’m offended.
AutomaTUCK!
#Tuck God
"#THAT CLOCK STOP!

Lamar hurling the spare ball just in time to snap down the live ball with 3 seconds left - incredible."
That Tucker wink at the camera
God I fucking love Justin Tucker
Remember how bad the thread was 9 seconds in
"

The team's use/nonuse of Dobbins to this point is absurd. He may be the 3rd best player on offense after LJ and Andrews and they barely use him."
[What its like to have Justin Tucker as your kicker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YOieAQvvRc)
we’re destroying this team and we’re playing like shit. we can turn this into a throttling if we stop shooting ourselves in the foot
At the least this dispels any notion of the Steelers being “superior in every facet of the game” a take I saw quite a bit on their sub leading up to this game
Man there's a lot to like about this game and a lot to not like. Really up and down.
Why is the pick-6 the highlight they show when the Steelers are losing so badly
We need to resign bowser to replace Judon please
The fact that wasn’t a flag and the peters one earlier was lol
Steelers complaining about flags is hilarious
Lamar WTF ARE YOU DOING
Holy fuck Lamar...
"That’s 14 points just off Lamar, that is unacceptable MVP or not"
Run the ball? You get 170 yards in a half and we just abandon it. So frustrating.
Lamar has not looked good since before the chiefs game which is concerning
Embarassing stretch of football there.
All of the Steelers points are off turnovers today.... literally the only way they can score.
My buddy defending Lamar and saying he's not throwing bad today is just dumb
Lamar is giving them the game come on wake up
We'll bounce back.
Feed the bus and Dobbins
Supposed to be a penalty for talking to the refs with no mask
"If we lose the game, it’s on Lamar"
They won't show a replay. What the hell happened to the defense?  No one within 10 feet of the receiver.
Lamar the anti Flacco plays well against the bengals poor against the Steelers
Did anyone watch Unsolved Mysteries on Netflix? What was up with the alien episode?
Lamar been coughing up the ball all day and been throwing reckless passes. He needs to stop being so reckless with the football
Steelers could win this game just by throwing the ball up in the air. The refs are clearly just calling pi no matter what.
"Is this the first time the Steelers have even ""driven"" to our end of the field? Garbage DPI call got them there, this would be a blowout if Lamar was just having a below average game as opposed to an all-time terrible game."
Weird how we didn’t need to dive at Ben’s legs there
Momentum has been completely shifted
They're just running short slants and curls and moving the chains. Odds our offense is taking notes?
All momentum has been lost. This sucks.
No point in paying Judon when we got Ferguson and Bowser and Ngakoue?
We sure can give up a lead but can never come back
Defense could only hold them off so long. Lamar fucked this game.
I love Lamar but this one is on him if we lose
Lamar will get the blame of the game if he doesn't ball out here in the end of the 3rd and 4th
Dammit we gotta stop playing playoff football
"Where are all th fucking ""Calm down were up guys"" people.  This is why you play like you're always down until clock hits 00:00"
What is a J Balvun?
Anyone blaming roman needs to look deep at Lamar. A NFL qb should be trusted to throw a corner route
I just bought a Lamar jersey and this is my first game wearing it. This is obviously my fault I'm sorry everyone
Ball security coach is edward scissorhands
"and now we're seeing Badrews again.

Jesus."
"Can we also be honest, this patchwork offensive line against the kind of d line we are facing isn't helping."
#Roman Has To Go
Really a qb dive on 3 and 8 welp boys somebody get the gun
Every time the ravens get the lead they forget how to play football
Hill jumped out the way. Fml.
Hollywood had 1v 1 on the outside. Would rather have had a deep shot whatever the outcome than a dive play
3rd and 8 and you’re running an option with our 3rd string RB with the division on the line
Unfortunate that Hollywood couldn't play today
"I JUST WANTED MY TEAM TO WIN AND HOLD A LEAD.

GUESS THAT'S TOO MUCH TO FUCKING ASK FOR"
CBS sitcoms will heal the racial divide...
How are we not throwing on 3rd and 8
"Probably the biggest defensive possession of the game, inspiring stuff that they held up here.

If you gotta play for field goals and grind the win out in all for it"
I’m gonna throw up
I'm so fucking sick of this game. Ronnie and the turnovers are just making this so unenjoyable
Lamar missed that wide open TD fuck
Four down territory. We gotta get to the 1 with everything then QB sneak
So Ravens have to get a TD 3 times for it to “count” cool
Every damn year this game is some extra shit
"To the naysayers, bandwagoners, and fairweather  fans:

Remember this drive, and don't show your face in the post-game thread."
"Best Ravens-Steelers game in a while. So much drama, action, and momentum shifts! :O"
Why is this Bonds guy playing football?
Why aren't they calling holding on the Steelers like god damn why do the refs hate us
Marlon punch this bitch so I can quit drinking
"Never thought I would say these words

We need Averett back to get Bonds outta here"
Dude these flags are actually insane.
I refuse to believe that if they are calling PI this closely that we shouldn't have some in our favour.
#That’s a soft ass fucking foul
WTF??? Ref was right there. That was OPI on that 3rd down conversion
9 penalties for 110 yards. Christ.
I have never felt worse about a team 4 game above .500 in my life.
clear pick missed
Claypool sucks dicks behind Sheetz on his off days
Can’t imagine all these bs DPI calls are cheap for the Steelers to buy
Fuck... Still plenty of time left. Time for the offense to work some magic!
How was that not offensive picking
The refs have been awful
Refball
does anyone have good recommendations for blood pressure medication?
Pittsburgh refs
Our offense spotting Pittsburgh 14 points is never a recipe for success
I wanted to see that pass interference replay...
We always have to beat the refs to beat the steelers every fucking year
Refsburg
Lets not forget that our defense has only given up 21 points and one of the steelers touchdown drives started on our own 21.
A bright spot: Dobbins will become a star.
"I do not believe Heyward is hurt. He'll be back.

They were just getting gashed."
Did Roman finally find the missing running pages from the playbook?
Nobody is kicking shit here tones
Oh god. Oh fuck. Oh shit. Someone hold me.
"Win or lose no matter what, Ravens/Steelers are by far my favourite games of the year, and arguably in the entire league. They are THE rivalry of the sport. Absolutely must watch every single time."
"Run the option here on fourth and short. Except Lamar keeps it this time as he’s trained the Steelers d for the pitch

It can’t go tits up."
EVERYONE PRAY TO WHATEVER GOD U BELIEVE IN RIGHT HERE
This offense needs to snack away snack away snack away y'all.
I would run that play 10/10 times because that was going to be touchdown
Blame of the game: Lamar
Roman is on drugs
Tht QB draw was the most predictable bullshit ever
I like going for it. Don't mind a QB run. Hate a QB run from an empty set. Don't see why it wasn't the QB power set from the Seattle game.
We should really have more time here right
They better reset that game clock
Tight butthole here boys
"The Andrew’s drop was on Andrew’s. He stopped running. Lamar threw it perfectly for a receiver that was still running and it would have hit in stride.
Move your ass mark. Come on."
How is that not PI
How the hell do they not put time back?
No time added is bullshit
"Good game. shit refs, questionable playcalling and turnovers fucked us"
"ref ball thanks. no extra time, shit ejection, multiple things."
Steelers get 10 penalties on previous drive softer then that last play. Gtfo
"What a shit called game, for real.  Ravens lost this, but stop letting these refs ruin games."
Notice how none of the Ravens dove at the linemen's legs there?
I still think our d can win us this game
Helmet hit but no flag dirty steelers
"I’m just going to say it, I’m unbothered by Judon getting the boot"
Most pissed off I’ve been at Lamar. Hope he shows something
The eye test showed the Lamar has not been playing good this year... idk where some of y’all got those stats saying he’s doing better than last year
"Romo is a clown. You take the chance and go for the 1st down and run it way down on the clock for the win.

No way in hell you kick 3 and hope to get it back."
These trump ads make me wanna kill myself
"I'm still astounded that the call was made to not add time to the clock. You mean to tell me both teams are sprinting down the field to hurry up and spike the ball and not one ref went ""oh hey a steeler is laying there fucking dead back there"" before there was 8 seconds left? If that's the cases then we need to really consider bringing in new refs to the league."
Are you guys blind? Boykin clearly ran a bad route there. Simple curl route where he drifted toward the middle instead of coming back toward the QB. Will result in a pick a lot of the time when a WR does that.
"😡 -> reaction to the rollout    
🥰 -> reaction to the TD"
how did they not add time to the clock?
I miss going to games man
"I legit barely slept, havent been this nervous/excited for a steelers game like this in a while"
Hopefully we take control of this game from start to finish. I wanna see the clowns tomorrow on all sports network to eat crow and re think their thoughts on these overrated ass Steelers who have beat absolutely nobody till they beat the titans by 3 points..
Let's get ready to rumble!
"Ben, I'd like you to meet Calais.  

That's your nose over there."
That literally couldn’t have been any fucking worse.
Lamar had a dude wide open to his left. Open
How was that not roughing the passer by the way?
Shit throw but nothing that can’t be overcame.
Fucking late hit too
Aaaaaand it's over
Time to abandon the run.
Offense is garbage again what else is new... fuck
IDK what's going on with these guys but either Lamar can't see shit or these receivers just can't get open. There is nothing over 15 yards ever.
That makes up for the other two late hits they didn't call.
"“this game is about penalties and turnovers”

wow, you mean just like every other game that’s ever happened?"
I love Lamar. I have the dudes jersey hanging in my room. Can't say I'm comfortable with the thought of him signing a 200m+ deal if he stays playing like this.
Did sone of yall start watching football yesterday? That was a fucking clear late hit
Snead's 1 appearance per game has come early lol
#BOYKIN SIGHTING CONFIRMED!!!
"There we go, great pass Lamar"
Everyone can get back on the bandwagon now
Fuck yeah Boykin! Two big catches already
"Where all my Boykin haters at?

See what happens when Lamar throws a ball within 4ft of a huge receiver?"
big boykin no little boykin
Alright. Now let's fuck up the rapist.
Dude steelers fans over in the main game thread are so fucking toxic
LETS GO YANNICK
"“So much hate, there is love” good way to put it.

I hate the Steelers so much but darn if these aren’t my favorite games every year"
Bullshit call
PUNCHOUT PETERS
#THE STREAK BOIS
MP JUICEMAN WITH THAT 4D CHESS PICKING UP THAT PASS INTERFERENCE IN ORDER TO FORCE THE FUMBLE
The Marcus Peters experience is a rollercoaster haha
#GET FUCKED SHITTSBURGH
Peters said fuck that penalty. Imma get them off the field myself
This is gonna be a good fucking game
Glad the replay review team didn't screw that up like I'd expect them to do.
we tiring out this defense babyyy
TJ Watt hit RG3 late every play last year too
JK is literally Ray Rice Jr
DOBBINS IS THE NEW FUCKING RICE BUT WITHOUT THE WIFE BEATING SHIT
FUCK
ffs lamar needs to stop holding the bar so far out
These qb-created sacks are killing us this year
We knew what this game was going to be. Hold on to memorabilia bois...
Defense gotta bail us out a little
"&#x200B;

Lamar do better!"
"He's so indecisive this year, figure it tf out dawg. That's two turnovers that are on him"
How you really gonna let them have a delay of game lmao
#FEED JK G. ROD U FUCK
"jimmy tryna punch the ball out, love to see it"
We need points now while the steelers offense is still ass
wtf is that spot
That was clean lol
TJ Watt is still so salty from when Lamar put him in the dirt last year. Explains all the late hits
Obviously either tore something or broke something there.
"Holy fuck thats a broken ankle. God fucking damnit. Fuck this brutal sport, man."
THEY NEES TO BE FLAGGED THEY ARE COMPLETELY RECKLESS BEHIND THE LINE OF SCRIMMAGE
Wtf are we gonna do on the line now. There are hardly any options to begin with and now we have to find a replacement for stanley too. Fuck.
"Literally, in terms of how bad this affects our team, losing Stanley is as bad as it gets other than losing Lamar."
Bruh lamar is going to get killed without a line
Anyone else feel uneasy when Lamar does herky jerky shit in the middle of getting tackled
Lamar doesn’t have that fire or anger after bad drives/plays like last season. What’s the deal?
"Dude..i just cant believe that fucking happened

Lamar has got to be head on a fucking swivel man"
this game has been nauseating so far
Fuck the Steelers
The game is still tied
We need a defensive td
"Look at what the steelers are doing on O, quick passes. Fuck cant we do that shit?"
Look how fast that ball comes out. Why don’t we do that? I just don’t understand
BRO WE WILL WIN WITH DEFENSE
Come on do it for Ronnie
We can be contenders without Stanley I still believe. Maybe by trade deadline we make a move for OT? Still hoping for the best though.
This game should AT LEAST be 13-7.  Come on Offense!
Lamar about to break TJ Watt’s ankles for Ronnie. 😤
I like Watson but that commercial is garbage
"Tired of everyone defending TJ. He plays dirty and reckless every week. You don’t coach players to tackle with their heads down, diving at other players Legs. He hit RG3 late multiple times last year"
Run it down their throats. Fuck these guys
Now we’ll throw for some reason.
Keep running the ball!
J.K got me Throbbins
FINALLY WERE RUNNING THE BALL !THANK FUCK
Beat these pieces of shit
Best drive of the season so far
#GUS BUS HAS NO BRAKES BEEP BEEP
That’s targeting in college
Minkah needs to be suspended for that hit
So much for the Steelers unreal run defense
"Look at that, we run the ball and we score"
"YES, THAT DRIVE WAS FUCKING RAVENS FOOTBALL!!"
Lamar was a fucking TROOPER for taking that hit
That drive reminded me of last year's Ravens!!
Fuck man I know his chin hurts. But that drive would make Stanley proud
"Best run D my fucking ass!! Fuck these motherfuckers dawg, RUN THAT DAMN BALL!!!"
lol had two starting lineman go out and just went out and bitched them anyway. Love to see it
THE RAVENS ARE *RUNNING THE BALL*
8 RUNS ON THE DRIVE... YOU LOVE TO SEE IT!
Glad Roman didn't try to get fancy at the 1 yard line there. No team in the NFL can stop us reliably if we need a single yard. This offense built too well to not get 1 yard when they need it.
"That was a Ravens 2019 drive right there, let’s fucking go"
Now I'm getting hyped thinking about Dez as a run blocker
"Stanley down. Ingram out.

Gus & JK: WE’LL FUCKING DO IT AGAIN"
This is a ‘What did it cost? Everything’ type of game isn’t it :(
"If baby bitch Ben took a hit like that, there would be shit in his pants right now."
Watt and his coach are screaming at each other. Nice.
TJ getting SPICY on the sideline
Dobbins and Edwards is the new Rice and Pierce
McPhee setting the edge like a BOSS
Let em fight
Mathew Judon may be the biggest fucking idiot in the NFL get him the fuck out of here
Body built by being a fuckin idiot
Yo that’s a bs call i know Judon’s gone at the end of this season but like he wasn’t trying to punch the damn official
LMAO WHAT A BULLSHIT contact lmao
Is that geriatric fuck of a referee for real get your fucking hand out of his face if you don’t want to get touched fucking spastic
really? official fucking flopped
"Weak ass call, weak ass official."
Ejected from the game for incidental contact? Nice
So Judon’s waving arm hitting a ref’s arm after the play nets the Steelers 15 yards? Did I see that wrong?
This defense....
Hahahaha fuck you fat man!
Nice stop after the idiocy
Yannick was there fast...
This game is gonna turn our boys into men. Turning point of the season low key
Fuck that fat ass rapist
Look at the way Ben is playing rn...why do we even worry about Lamar
Legend with the Flacco Elite hoodie
That Flacco elite shirt 😂😂😂
I fucking love how chippy we are. We look fucking **angry**
Judon just trying to help clean things up.   Sucks.  I think he doesn't get a fine on that tho.  Shouldn't anyway
Loving this next man up adjustment. We are landing some heavy blows on them. Big Jen also has a big problem with his elbow again
The intentional forward fumble for an extra 3 yards...
This game is giving me a heart attack. jfc.
That's a 2020 looking slide
Lamar is out here practicing ground ball drills.
"If that's an INT, I'm the pope"
I’ll admit I’m a Lamar apologist but that throw was actually pretty bad
We're so good when we stick to what we do best.
Dobbins is going to be amazing for us
JK Dobbins is awesome!
"I like snead man. He's no superstar, but he does good work for us."
He's called Big Truss for a reason. Have some **trust** in our QB instead of blowing his mistakes out of proportion.
Thankfully they gave us that
Fuck these refs
BULLSHIT. He was out of bounds anyways!
Automatic this guy
Yo 2 guys chasing Lamar I seriously hate this cheap ass team.
"Justin ""who the fuck is Harrison Butker"" Tucker"
Man these refs are ridiculous lol
"This half of football aged me two years, I swear."
Without that pick-6 this game is 17-0
"Dobbbbbbbins!!!!! He got out, but still we got it clocked!"
Incredible awareness by Lamar.
THIS IS WHY I HAVE A TUCKER JERSEY. DUDE IS THE BEST
Dobbins kept chugging there. Did way too much work to get to the side line for them to say his progress was stopped.
Every Tucker kick is a money shot
Massive run by Dobbins there. There is a huge difference between kicking from 50-55 and 56-60 in M&T. Feels like Tucker basically never misses from 50-55.
The announcers trying really hard not to refer to Tucker as the GOAT
SAY IT ROMO
Did anyone see that tucker wink 🤩🤩
Tucker is so phenomenal it’s at the point where a 50+ yarder in the wind and rain is just expected by us. Never take this man for granted.
Those points at the half are big. Need to be prepared for Pitt to try and air it out after the half.
Refs tried to fuck us on that run. Called forward progress and Dobbins didn't get out yet didn't blow the fucking whistle lol. Almost cost us three points.
Big Ben's elbow is going to be the big question in this second half
Fat faking fuck
Bowser much better then dumbass Judon
Jimmy playing lights out
Don't know exactly what their roles are but Bowser sure is playing better than Judon
No way that’s grabbing Tony.
"I hope we re-sign Bowser, he's finally developing and he'll be cheap compared to Judon, for example"
"Two notes on that drive - great stop from Bowser, I remember watching his tape out of college and seeing him make similar plays in coverage, glad to see him develop at the next level. Also, very underrated coverage on Smith - a bit of grabbing (Peters was called for the same thing in the first q) but he rode Dionte out of bounds, can’t ask for much more in coverage."
Gotta disagree with Romo there. That’s just good coverage from Jimmy there. But I do reserve the right to call the refs pieces of shit if this kind of amazing coverage gets called a penalty against us.
"Steelers already got a DPI on an uncatchable ball, don't need another freebie."
That play showed Jimmy's experience
Our D looks nasty as fuck and I'm loving it
Why. Are. We. Throwing. The. Ball.
I'm getting really frustrated by Lamar today.
Lamar is the only reason why the Steelers are in this game
They have 2 TDs on Lamar’s turnovers...bruh is playing like shit
"Not gonna lie, Lamar smirking on the sideline isn’t a good look. Last year, he would get really emotional and angry. Haven’t seen that today."
Literally just allowing them to make this game competitive.
All the steeler points have been gifted to them by Lamar turnovers.
"Everyone is trying to blame everything but Lamar. Dude is playing terribly this game and no one else, he’s throwing it straight to defenders not Roman. And ima huge Lamar homer but he’s ass this game"
Madden curse is back
"Its on Lamar...

But what is with these play designs?  Are they designed to get players open, because they aren't."
The referees union wants to complain about masks but this moron doesn't even have his mask hardly on... Lmao
"Lamar is playing bad, the OC is play calling bad, the weather is bad. Can we please run the ball right now."
Something is fucking wrong with this offense
"For a guy who made very few mistakes last year, he is making some awful decisions"
Dude football isn't even fun to watch and is bad for my heart why do I even do this shit to myself
Who the fuck is Terrell Bonds
That DPI was weak sauce...c’mon
I’m sad af I thought Hollywood was gonna be a weapon this year
Why have we not thrown one deep shot to hollywood in 3 strait games?
"Refball. Fucking hate that ref, turtle looking mother fucker"
Defense can only hold them off so long.
Marlon punch it plz
This is literally a fucking joke.
"People complaining about the D. Well they can't do literally everything, especially when our offense is stagnant at best and Lamar dressed as a double agent for halloween. Pittsburgh wouldn't even be in this game if our offense would stop fucking up"
"Man, Ferguson is making his presence felt in a positive way. It's nice to have an olb who does that"
Ahh I see second half against the Eagles defense has reappeared
If Lamar doesn’t get his shit together this game is done. Simple as that.
"This is frustrating. Cmon Lamar, I know he can pull it together. It's just a matter of will he"
Why do rappers have mcdonalds meals?
This is so winnable but we’re about to abandoned the run and pass every down which will kill us 🙃
Greg Roman cannot play from behind
Read option with a 4th string RB. hmmmm
Greg roman play calling is ass bruh
Guy needs to learn how to play in big games.  No point in adding weapons if you can’t get the ball to them.  They are just going to stuff the box now and force Lamar to throw another pick to them.
Honestly this Ravens offense sucks
"I am not optimistic about us at this point even if we pull it out. Our offense has noticeably taken a step backwards further than the one our defense has taken forward. Lamar is trying to do too much instead of taking the easy play sometimes. He needs to shore that up if he wants to be the real deal. I have faith in him to correct it, but I don’t think this year is our year anymore especially with the injuries and general state of the OL"
Anytime Hill is in = loss
bernie meme I am once again asking you  to throw one deep ball the entire game
"Feels like gotta get a random play like a fumble or interception to swing the momentum back. Or a punt return or something. 


Not a huge fan of running the ball on 3rd and 8 either but probably a 4 down type of math if the play had gotten 5-6 yards."
The amount of people saying “watt wasn’t even touched” without realizing that is literally the whole point of read option is hilarious.
31st ranked passing offense. Who could possibly be worse?
"Lamar isn't playing great but when he's bailing after looking down the field, it's pretty obvious the real problem are the pack of WRs but continue steaming fans."
Lamar playing like it’s the playoffs.
Lamar might as well have been a real llama today. I love him but JFC.
That turnover in the red zone feeling really horrible now. Could have used at least 3
I haven’t seen a single pass outside of the Boykin TD where Lamar has trusted a receiver and launched it. Every pass has just been some panicked toss after holding for too long. I’d be down for a proper bomb amid an otherwise balanced attack.
DUVERNAYYYYYYY
Fucking refs man
FUCK OFF REFS
NEED FOR SNEAD!
"#I FEEL THE NEED

#THE NEED IV SNEAD"
Refs are wearing more yellow than pittsburgh today
My blood is fucking boiling
"This is what frustrates me about Lamar, as much as I love him. Throws 2 really, really bad short yardage picks. Then throws an absolute beautiful ball 30+ yards down the field to Duvernay"
"In the words of Ray Lewis, Lamar is pissed off for greatness."
"Bad throw. Hollywood was wide open, no reason to lob it so high and so far."
That should have been a easy fucking TD Lamar why would you need to throw it so far over man
Ref just rolled his eyes having to do the replay. We aren't getting it.
Does 1 knee count as 2 feet?
They called the shin as a completion earlier in the Dolphins game. Please don’t duck this up NFL
FUCK IT I'LL DO IT AGAIN!!!!!
LETS GOOOOOO FUCK THE STEELERS
"When Hollywood wants touchdown, Hollywood gets touchdown"
"Ravens TD

Refs on suicide watch"
"Look, I am the ultimate “don’t blame the refs” guy but fuck those cock suckers and nice revenge play"
"Fuck anyone saying brown is a bust, I don't give a shit, find another team to bandwagon"
Defense had time to rest. This is where they step it up.
Refs 🤝 Steelers
some1 give me some beta blockers the way I'm about to have a heart attack
The fact that the ref even thought that was a foul is awful
Glad they’ll call that bullshit old on us but are completely ignoring the Steelers
And another flag.   And another flag
I’m getting real tired of that ref’s face
So no replay on the PI?
Are the refs from Pittsburgh or something?! Wtf.
FUCK ALL REFS
Can we see the replay??
Marcus peters wanted no part of tackling him
"Pass rush hasn't been getting home this drive, that's the difference."
"I’ve noticed nearly every game we play against a good WR, they have little to no catches first half and then dominate in the second..."
Fucking refs
Fucking refs gave them that td
We gifted them way too many points early on and now it's coming back to wreck us.
Time for a 7 minute touchdown drive
"What are Bisciotti, DeCosta, and Harbaugh doing about the blatantly unfair officiating the team has experienced since Harbaugh's tirade towards the refs on MNF?"
First game winning drive for Lamar
"How tf are you supposed to play defense on receivers? At some point it’s kind of ridiculous, you can’t even be in their vicinity without a flag"
Desperately need a replay of the PI on Marlo
lamar is lamar's worst enemy. Dude's super talented but his tendency to panic results in picks and turnovers. He's gotta get more resilient mentally
We been shooting ourselves in the fucking foot. I’m so tired of it. Just about every game we get dumb ass penalties
9 penalties for 110 yards. Second game in a row penalties have been an issue for us
Get ready for a bunch of Holding and illegal formations penalties.
You’d think that with the refs calling BS PI all over the place the Ravens would dial up a bomb or two.
"Greg Roman with good play calling for once. Run the ball, kill the clock, don't leave the refs any time."
Jk needs to be the 1 going  forward unless he cant block at all there is no reason he shouldn't be the 1
JK YOU CAN COME OVER AND FUCK MY WIFE
Dobbins is RB #1
Dobbins is the best OSU RB since Eddie George. Don’t at me
That Dobbins guy is pretty good. He should play more.
Why the fuck not run it quick before the 2 minute warning incase you don’t get it
Why choose now to run the ball a whole drive? Could have started this a while ago
Lamar to the edge has been there all fucking day let’s do this shit bois
DONT RUN IT UP THE GUT. That shit is predictable
Well that’s one way to ruin my entire week
"Terrible fucking play call, everyone expected it."
FUCK. YOU. GREG ROMAN
I’m sorry but that one wasn’t on Lamar. We have a fourth and short and go EMPTY BACKFIELD!?!??
4 turnovers by Lamar. Pathetic.
Blame of the Game on Lamar 100%
"Ran all the way up the field with big chunk runs, then do a 5 wide qb draw lmao Roman never fails to amaze"
Defense bailing the offense out AGAIN.
NOT over yet boys
I hope lamar makes a whole bunch of yall eat a shit sandwich
"Steelers really to stop with all these ""injuries"""
So do we get time back on the clock from the minute he was down?
We should get our time back if they need to take an injury time out
Put the time back on the clock
Should be an injury timeout with like 6 extra seconds
put more time back up
Stop booing you fucks bad look
We should get more time
anybody else’s heart beating out of their chest?
We would’ve had time if they added back 5 seconds
 No time added is clown shit
Defenseless receiver. That’s a fucking penalty
The Steelers make me sick
This is bullshit
Refball
MINKAH FITZPATRICK IS A CERTIFIED BITCH. FUCK HIM.
"I am really sick of people turning on Lamar. Yes, he's not doing well, but he is still our QB. 

Ease up"
"Lamar, make a fucking *decision* bro. Dude is simply waiting too long."
Defense is playing like the #1 D rn but O is fucking up
That was an accident but still TJ Watt is the biggest dickhole in the league
Refs almost fucked us there holy shit
"Anyone bashing the defense is not watching the game. 

The only reason Pittsburgh has been in a position to score points is because of Lamar. Period."
Lamar bad throw really changed this game. Man why do you have to throw that pick.....
Cmon Lamar defense can only bail you out so many times
Lamar has killed us this game. Killed us.
HOW WAS THERE NO TIME ADDED
FUCK FITZPATRICK HE ELBOWED SNEAD IN THE FUCKING THROAT
Hot takes and Lamar hate for a week sigh
"It's ok. Lamar played like shit, the refs were waving their terrible towels all game, and we still had a chance at the end.

WE WILL RUIN THEIR FUCKING THANKSGIVING"
If you believe that trump add you’re fucking brain dead.
"TJ Watt wasn’t dirty for that play, he’s dirty for tackling Lamar every play regardless of the action"
Let me see that ref on the street I'll show his old ass a fucking swing
Bengals beating the titans at this time. Think they will blow it?
I literally hate our offense this season minus Gus and Dobbins
This offense is a dumpster fire. It's broken idk anymore.
Wow congrats refs I mean Steelers
I can't believe cbs here is showing the colts and lions game instead of this one. I've been mad all morning
Ngakoue hype!
It's too early to be feeling like a playoff game lol
"Checking in from France. Let’s fucking goooooooooo! 

And fuck the Steelers!"
Lets keep things positive all game long. Have faith. TRUSS
"Lamar man, terrible"
Snead was open I think if Lamar just looked a bit left. Ugh terrible start.
Throw was late as fuck. Shit decision
Shit start but holy fuck how is that not roughing the passer?
What kind of route tree was that
Felt like a personal foul play after that tbh
Should've came back. Roughing the passer after the throw.
Shit I thought that was another pick. Not seeing smart decisions.
Snead is sooo slow
Nice play by Lamar and Snead!
Tyree is so ass lmao
"Ok Lamar, more of those please and thank you.

Boykin, you as well."
Where are all the people “done with Boykin” after a season and a half
That was a beautiful throw.
They had a linebacker on him.... the disrespect lmao
Perfect throw
Lets get that pick 6 back on big ben
Pick 6 on bitch Ben now
I think Boykin and Snead heard y'all talking. They getting open now
Dez signing lit a fire under Boykins ass? 👀
Peyton Manning pronouncing Tide makes me mad for some reason
Tom Brady had a pick 6 and a INT in the span of like 5 min in week 1 against the saints. Lamar is fine
#FTS
Lol Ben's pass so powerful it made Ebron do a Madden animation for 3 seconds.
rEfS aRe gIvInG tHiS gAmE tO tHe rAvEnS
HERE WE GOOOO!
"I really want to shut the Steelers fans up, please beat their fucking asses. We need this...."
"When will wr’s fucking learn, you go down or you give us the ball"
"Uh oh! You friccin moron! U just got...

PETERED!!!!"
Humphrey gotta be a DB or even LB coach for us after retirement. His strips and punching mentality have caught on to the rest of the team
We still love ya #24.
Peters said fuck that PI call!!
Bro Humphrey sharing his notes
Holy shit YESSSS!!!! Marlon's fruit punch magic rubbing off on the whole team. This is the kind of game we need to play!
Peters knew he had to make that up lol
"Peters, when I thought you couldn't get any dumber, you go and do something like this... and totally redeem yourself!"
Theres a reason why fruit punch is a juice... BECAUSE IT IS JUICE MAN
Peters getting that PI gave us like 30 yards of field position. 2000 IQ play there
"I love how you can tell who's streaming online and who's watching on TV or listening on the radio because the people streaming were still mad about the interference call while everyone else was typing ""LETS GOOO"" lol"
I’m late but your telling me Boykin did something productive 😍😍
24 !!!!
"Man this feels like a classic Ravens-Steelers Game so far. Maybe not as much personal heat between players so far but still, closest thing to the glory days in a long time."
Run down their throats.
Phillips down... had guys falling on him doesn’t look good
Oh man I saw that and heard him scream....
Anyone else having trouble finding a decent stream? In addition to the fact that they're all so delayed
So was r/NFL just r/steelers all along?
Lamar runs are quickly becoming wastes of time.
You step forward knowing there is a ton of pressure from behind and you PUMP FAKE????
Why did he not hit Hollywood there
Can we just try handing it off in the red zone next time?
Why is he second guessing himself so much
We get nothing from the turnover now. That’s the #1 rule...don’t turn the ball over
this feels like an old fashioned AFCN slugfest my dudes
Lot of hate for Lamar. Sometimes the defense makes a play.
We can’t have this many turnovers if we are going to win this.
Silver platter twice already and we're only 10 minutes in.
buckle up.  It looks like it’s going to be another classic Steelers/Ravens game.
"Lamar does that way too often, dude needs to just embrace what he’s good at and take off if nothing is there"
Why is he so hesitant to run this year...
If no one hit him I think he would have just pump faked into the end zone.
Joker calm down you almost hurt Queen
GET OFF THE FIELD
That play call is a real testament to how the d is playing now. They really just ran it for better field position for the punt and to avoid a turnover.
I dont think my heart will be strong enough for this game ! This is simply insane
Definitely gotta start doing the D some favors here and get some points
Ref just took 6-7 yards away on that spot...
Win or lose hopefully there’s no injuries. I remember old Ravens Steeler games and losing the next week to bad teams because everybody was fucked up lol
Lamar making audibles is fucking refreshing
We need 6 on this drive after that TO. Pittsburgh offense won’t be ass for long they’re going to wake up
Why did I get hype for Steelers week when I knew damn well it would be the most stressful part of the year?
Y'all notice Lamar using audibles a lot more this game?
LMAO we're so fucked now
Romo essentially pointing out how predictable our offense is
"Welp, O-line is gonna be tissue paper for the foreseeable future"
Fuck tj watt
Watt loves injuring guys
OH THAT REPLAY IS HARD TOO WATCH
And that is why be signed the extension before this game folks
Stanley's done for the year.
[deleted]
Fuck these bitches
"Of course it's TJ Watt. Not intentional, but it would be him"
Rally for Ronnie.
"Behind Lamar, losing stanley will have the biggest negative impact on the ravens. 

God damn this sucks. Next man up...althiugh u don't think his replacement will be even half a s good as him."
Stanley on the golf cart.   That's the worst.   That's a season changing injury maybe
Definitely think we’re gonna see some moves for a lineman this week but fuuuckk I hope Stanley recovers soon
"Lamar, please fucking stop."
"Alright, Lamar is going to need to make quicker decisions here."
Wishing the best for Stanley
Whoever said they really wanted to see DJ Fluker play really just cursed Stanley :(
Defense is gonna have to win this one 100%
No time to throw
Are there any o lineman to trade for?
"last 2 passes from lamar were very risky. 

If boyle doesn't bat down first one, it's a pick. Second one was ill advised. 

3rd & 18 w/ no stanley... should've just ran a hb draw like the steelers did"
Thank god the trade deadline isnt hear yet
Lamar is hesitating way to much to run this year. I actually wish he’d be a little quicker to take off in a lot of these situations
"Luckily OBJ is a pass blocker first and a run blocker second, making him a decent option at LT"
DEFENSE IS STRONG TODAY
At least the defense used the bye for good.
Ben looks like absolute shit
"Defense is doing what it can, playing sharp. Offense needs to grind out long drives for at minimum fgs."
Look at Ben's play as well here. Weather really having an effect I think.
Our defense continues to be amazing. If our offense can't consistently score it won't matter though
Let’s run for 300 yards
"Beautiful drive there. Pound the rock, opens up our offence"
"Dang, does this bus stop?"
"fuck the steelers, always hitting the helmet"
We just ran the ball super good without Stanley interesting
Wow running the ball leads to TD’s for an offense that’s built to run. Glad Greg finally showed up
and fuck minkah
Do it for Stanley!!
"See what happens when we run the ball Greg?

DO WHAT YOUR ROSTER DOES WELL. Stop trying to fit square pegs into round holes."
First drive all year where we actually committed to what made our offense deadly last year. Defense good... let them rest and win.
Bruh we having our best run game against “the best defense in the NFL” 😂😂
Best drive of the season? Just pure domination all around against a great defense.
Has anyone notice Orlando is kind of a better Left Tackle than Right Tackle
Their D is gonna be gassed by the 4th
"Lol, Roman. Ravens ran the ball the ENTIRE drive almost and SCORED doing it. Maybe you're having an intervention?"
Would really not like for Boyle and Bozeman to be coming at me
8 weeks and we finally start running and hit them with a pass. 8 weeks. Fluker getting a chance to become a full time starter
I want to see runs on 9/10 first downs until they prove they can stop it. Fuck it give me runs on 9/10 second downs too unless it's like 2nd & 11
We need to run all fucking day. I hope Gus truck sticks TJ watt
Anybody just see that meltdown on the Steelers d sideline with watt and a coach? Look at this clown..
Hahaha even TJs coach thinks he’s fucking up!!
"Didnt they say tickets were randomized? I'm not upset by it. It's what should happen but funny Real Fan Dan was selected ""randomly"""
#FIGHT
Judon is so dumb
Humph is a dawg and I love it. And McPhee just completely owned the edge right there
Wow. Outdoing yourself Judon! Fuck you
Fuck Judon
Judon has been such a disappointment this year.
Do NOT resign judon
Judon is an idiot like always.
That’s kinda BS but whatevey
Terrible disqualification
Judoff
Brain by taco bell
Never seen a ref flop before lol
"He did it accidentally, but it’s still his same old bullshit story."
"Imagine playing under the tag and having the chance to make more money than you know what to do with, and just shitting your fucking pants for the next year"
Fucking refball
Where the Steelers fans who says they gifting us flags? Y’all offense soft AF
"If I had to pick a starter to lose on defense, I don't know if I'd say Judon's name first but he'd be close to the top. Let's just move on."
Fuck. The. Steelers.
Baltimore guys are Amped!!
the steelers are actually garbage
NFL refs are such pussies
KILL BEN!!
We need 7 more on the board before half
Both QBs have fumbled now in the first half
I'm not able to watch much today. How is Yannick doing?
Lol 3 ravens dragging ben down like wolves taking down a wooly mammoth
"alright... 

don't turn it over and we'll be fine. 3 and out > turnover."
"This definitely feels like the typical Ravens-Steelers game of the old, and I'm so here for it"
We def need another TD before the half. But also we cannot force it and give the Steelers a bunch of time and the ball back
Game should be 21-0 right now. Our defence doing amazing.
"Not that relevant, but I love Lacie DeCosta, feels like the teams mam. Been supporting Elliott all week."
UH OH BENS ARM
Ben’s elbow is bruised. He won’t pass well this game
please all I ask is we score in this next drive and I can settle down. Come on Lamar.
I hate how cheap but legal Pittsburgh is playing. Just chasing Lamar all over without the ball
"Damn ben, not your woman grabbing arm"
Jeeeesus lamar
"lmao this game is nuts

each play is entirely too stressful"
"That wasn't a fumble, he was just showing off"
"its raining lamar, just like the 49ers game last year, either tuck it properly or dont run"
Thats how Ed Reed used to run with the ball LOL
The ball seems to be so slippery
"Bruh... can lamar secure the ball at all today?

Tuck the ball..."
bout to start a PTSD support group for that first half
"This is a long, heart attack inducing game"
lamar with the classic ed reed one hander
No control on the Interception. We got lucky.
Terrible throw. Terrible decision making. He is so out of wack it’s unbelievable
Not a pick but come on Lamar
Always hated Joe Haden even with the Browns
Like seeing Snead being more involved
I don't think I've ever seen a team commit so many illegal formations...
"Holy shit Greg would you look at that, its almost like running the ball works well for us"
[deleted]
Dobbins is looking pretty good this game. Hopefully he continues to get touches once Ingram returns.
This No. 1 defense crap needs to stop. Pittsburgh’s schedule has been an abomination so far.
Holy shit Cincinnati is up 10 on Tennessee at half..
These games would be unbearable without you guys to bitch and moan and stress with :)
Love how snead pulls through when we need him
WHOS THE BEST KICKER NOW ROMO?
See that romo?
Automa-TUCK
"Cmon say it Romo, say it."
Did Lamar just become the first QB to ever throw 2 balls on the same play?
Ich liebe Justin Tucker.
Goat Tucker
GOAT TUCKER
jfc that 51 yarder just looked like an extra point
I love Justin Tucker
"Seriously, that 1 miss in Nola made me more stressed during Tucker’s kicks. What happened?"
Missing our RB1 LT1 RG1 Judon and throwing a pick 6. Who would think we would be up 10?
Fuck the Steelers
"It's an ugly game, but a lead is a lead"
Any further updates on Stanley? He’s key to our long term goal
"Not entirely Ravens related but my stupid ass spoke this into existence last week 


https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasyfootball/comments/jhmgt1/in_joe_mixons_absence_giovani_bernard_averages/ga0knnw"
Idk what they talking bout over in Pittsburgh this the best defense in the nfl son.
Real talk this game should be 24-0 but they keep trying to force throws at bad times when the run game is all we need.
Shocker - Big Ben being a drama Queen.
Jimmy is the master at getting no calls lol
Jimmy is the king of hand fighting without a flag
Jimmy does that shit every time and never gets called 😂
Haven't seen Marlo much all game... must really be locking things down
Kidney show wont last 6 episodes
Why just why
Lamar WHAT THE FUCK!!
Oh for fucks sake why throw???
"Sigh, wtf was that Jackson? But why are we calling passes anyway?"
Jesus christ
Dude. What. The. Fuck.
#WTF JUST RUN IT DAMNIT
"Lamar has 2 INTs, almost 3, and 2 fumbles."
# WHY ARE WE THROWING LIKE THIS?!
NO FUCK WHY
Does Lamar just not look for the defensive players?
Unbelievable. Just cannot stand prosperity.
What the fuck was that
Unreal. FFS Roman. Run the FOOTBALL! Wtf! Passing too much in this wet weather is gonna get us in trouble...
Stop laughing about it Lamar. You made a shit play
Pitching a shutout without the INTs right now...
Lamar Jackson single handedly keeping Pitt in this
Lamar has been the Steelers best player.
That’s on Lamar. GRo called the play but Lamar made the decision. Under threw the ball and everything.
Worst possible ways to start the halves. Lamar dude come the fuck on.
Just get back to pounding the rock and we good
Lamar owes us a touchdown or two.
Roman isn't helping but getting away from what is working. However Lamar is beyond reckless.
"This is like the bengals game except the steelers are catching lamar's picks. 

Lamar hasn't seen the field well all year. IDK what is going on w/ him."
It’s Boykin fault /s
"Maybe

Don't stop running the ball or forcing it?"
Can someone explain why they are rekicking? Wasn't the first one good? What the hell is the point?
Just pound the ball ffs.  Stop passing it
"Lamar just live another down. Not every play needs to be a highlight. Your up 10, it’s 1st down, why force it?"
Run the ball! It worked so well last half
Run the ball until they stop it. This is a comfortable win if we just don’t turn it over
"Can't believe Lamar has put up 31 points, what a guy"
Lamar gets to practice against our D. He should be ready for the Steelers. I don’t care how good there D is.
The worst part about the picks was the decision making. Wouldn’t be mad if a defender made a great play.
If we dont run this like 1987 nebraska style imma be pissed
God we need WRs so fucking bad lmao
Missed OPI then awful DPI call.
That INT just gutted this game. This game has done a complete 180
When ravens WR did that earlier this year it was OPI.
These refs are a complete joke.
"Man, I’m gonna be pissed if we give them this game in the second half."
Lmao fuck the Steelers. Fat fuck just tosses it up once every set of downs and they get the call
Bullshit call
"He got his head around, he was fighting for the ball, how is that dpi?"
Who the fuck is Bonds??
It's on the ref's flow chart that if the Steelers receiver didn't make that catch to throw a flag
Here we go. Here comes the soft defense
We are going to lose this game at this rate
God this game is frustrating AF. Please don't blow this shit
"getting really fucking dissapointed in our team, offense is in shambles for no reason, defense is playing off despite the fact their longest catch/throw has come off a no call"
"We ARE generating more pressure, more easily -- for what it's worth."
I’m in a dejected rage currently. I cannot believe this game right now. Anything approaching acceptable QB ply and it’s like 31-3 right now
Ferguson and Bowser doing well after Judon gets ejected 🤔
We had the momentum coming out of the half. That shit evaporated quick.
With Judon being kicked out of the game I hope Ferguson uses this opportunity to convince the staff to give him more playtime.
I can't believe this shit. This shouldn't even be a close game
Pitt is averaging 30 per game. They have given up 14 so far. Defense is doing a fine job.
After that first half to be down right now is inexcusable.
We lose this game we’re going to get eaten alive all week we can’t lose this one
"Please don't abandon the run, Roman."
"If our offense doesn’t answer this next drive, it’ll be tough to come back. Defense is getting tired."
"Ben played awful today too, but he wasn't throwing picks/fumbling constantly. It can't be overstated how badly Lamar has fucked the game up to this point."
"Here comes the consecutive passing downs 3 in a row leading to another forced turnover because Roman sees defecit of 1+ points in 2nd half and abandons the run game.

It's the same every season. We were a second half team now we're really faltering every 2nd half this season"
"Defense has played fine.

Lamar keeps giving the steelers momentum w/ terrible decisions & bad field vision. He was spectacular at both things last yr. 

If neither improve, he will throw an interceptable pass on this drive as well."
Yea this is lamar worse game ever
Gregory Roman. RUN THE MOTHERFUCKIN’ BALL
Like are the receivers not getting open or is Lamar not seeing them?
Jesus. The fumbling today.
That was lucky
You just knew he would fumble that
HE NEVER HAD POSSESION STFU ROMO
why do ravens games give me heart attacks every sunday
Lol that was an I give up play.
Lamar is lucky he doesn't have 4 interceptions omg
3rd and 8 and we run it up the middle.
"im about this turn this game off, just disappointing"
Alright idk boys. An actual NFL offense has to be capable of passing the ball greater than 10 yards multiple times a drive. If we can’t do that then fuck
Any chance we can feed up Yanda and bring him back?
What is Greg Roman smoking
"So they start the conservative playcalling after all the turnovers put us behind? Smart stuff, where was that 2 quarters ago?"
This pass offense is dogshit
"Ya'll can blame whoever you want. This is a total meltdown on offense. No pass protection, running game is gone, WRs can't get open, Lamar holding the ball too long... you just gotta hope the defense makes some plays or this is gonna get even more ugly."
The problem with Lamar right now is he wants to make every play at the extremes.  Not every play has to be a highlight.  You don't have to wait until the very last second to make the throw.
I feel so comfortable with Proche and Duv on special teams.
Orlando brown seems so lazy sometimes. If he gets that kick out block that’s a big play
We need adjustments on offense
Lamar needs to keep his eyes up. Every time the pressure comes to him he looks down
Our defense has to score if we're gunna win lol this offense is abismal
WE NEED THIS WIN. SERIOUSLY NEED THIS WIN
I think Yanda at 150lbs or whatever he is would still be an upgrade
"Why is everyone running these long developing routes? Like get the quick passes off, I didnt see a single receiver stop before the sticks."
IF WE HAVE NO O-LINE RUN SCREENS STOP TRYING DEEP ROUTES JFC
"Want to see Lamar be more aggressive and just run the ball. He should never be getting sacked by a defensive tackle. 

The coverage may just dictate he has to win this game with his legs, he’s done it before, mainly against Seattle last year"
ik Lamar isn’t playing good but the play calling is dogshit too
"This sub needs a fucking wake up call regardless of the outcome in the post game thread. This offense has an inept pass calling play caller at the head. We have absolute scrubs at the WR position. Lamar is a great, even fantastic QB, but he has weaknesses especially in his deep passing we know this. It’s the perfect storm for such an anemic offense that the hits to the offense line just spotlight them even more. The passing game was doomed to start the season but that doesn’t mean Lamar isn’t talented and we don’t have talent in the receiving corps. Reality is the FO made a bet that our passing offense would take the next step and they haven’t."
THERE'S A DEEP SHOT!
#BULLSHIT CALL BULLSHIT
That's so weak!!! Refs screwing us over again today
BAD call
That was a HORRIBLE call
How dare he touch the Steelers! Refs better put a stop to that nonsense.
Snead lowkey putting the team on his back today
What an attempt by Hollywood goddamn
That knee is in
Snead is having himself a game today!
"fuck. 

Lamar overthrew hollywood by just a bit.

Bad challenge. it won't be reversed"
pretty dumb that any play that’s called a TD on the field is automatically reviewed but you have to use a challenge on a play like that
Knee came down inbounds but these refs don't like us so they won't give it to us
"Everyone is saying the knee but that’s out, the shin hits in first anyways and that counts as down"
"That’s not getting overturned, but if called a TD on the field then its not getting overturned either"
FUCK THE FUCKING STEELERS
John better be fucking vocal about this officiating. Not the same coach talk he says every week
that holding call on skura was so BS
#HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Was he knee in that time?
I've said this a million times but I've never seen a worse called game. They made us score 3 TDs before we got one they couldn't make some excuse for
Suck his dick bitch give him his praise now u cowards
Did Lamar redeem himself on that drive?
That was a tough but amazingly clutch drive.
Let’s get a punch out from #44 and put this game away
Refs tried so hard to deny us a TD this drive 2v1
"I NEED ROMO TO SAY ""TUCKER THE FUCKING GOAT, MR. AUTOMATIC"""
I’m starting to think Dez doesn’t have to be that good to make a different on this Offense.
Bonds fucked up just now man
This is Bonds last game FOH
Fuck verizon fios. Mandatory software update on the TV box in the middle of the game.
TAKE BONDS OUTT
38 fucked up two plays in a row. Who is this clown?
Wish this bonds took PEDs
These refs are fucking giving it to them at this point
"Just like the Eagles game, we are giving the Steelers so much with penalties"
Refs player of the game
What’s the point of having a defender on these receivers. What can they do that won’t get a flag thrown??
I’m over these bullshit DPI calls
We just have to realize that the refs will always favor the Steelers
Most BS ref’d game I’ve seen this season
The ref ball continues
What is worse this drive? The penalties or the tackling?
What. The. Fuck.
Head Hunt the Refs. Every shitty call gets a blow up.
Greg you better not get cutesy on this next drive Jesus fucking Christ
Man that was some horseshit bs on Marlon a minute ago.
Well Lamar is due a game winning comeback in his career. Will it be today? We shall see...
Time for Lamar to show everyone he can lead a game winning drive and shut everyone up. We're gonna be hearing it for weeks if not.
Keen for a Lamar TD winning drive here.
Call of duty: black ops: cold war: elite division: special tactical unit: American freedom fighters: super cash grab XVIIII
100 yards in penalties and 3 turnovers. Hard to win any game that way. It's crazy we're still in it
I’m just waiting for the flags at this point
Edwards making Roman look like a buffoon for barely using him against the Titans last year.
"The silver lining here, is the run game has hit it's stride."
We run the ball and are getting down the field? Hm....
"Man the combo of Gus and JK is so nasty, and it's just getting started."
"For the love of god, don’t get cute now."
Gus/dobbins should be our 1/2 dont @ me
Don't score too fast!
i love u gus and dobbins
I love running the ball
FEED JK AND BUS
Mark ingram isn’t playing and we are playing a top 3 defense in the NFL and we are having probably our best running game of this season. Very impressive.
Boy not injured 😑. Just trying to give his guys a break
"Dobbins is the real deal, he’s going to have to become the number 1 guy sooner rather than later.

Great feet and perfectly fits the system being so accustomed to running out of the shotgun."
guarantee he is faking that
"Gotta go for it, no question"
GO FOR IT
No we wouldn't kick it we would go for it
Everyone raise your hands up!  Give Lamar your energy!!!
We have to go for it here.
I have a horrible feeling about this.
This is where the big boys make plays
My heart
They're going to send everything at Lamar and pray he sidearms it to the ground.
Fuck me man this shit is making my heart pump like I’m running or something
"Well there it is, Lamar single handedly lost this game."
WHAT A HORRIBLE PLAY CALL HOW DO YOU NOT HAVE ANYONE IN THE BACKFIELD JESUS FUCKING CHRIST THAT IS TRASH
What a dumb fucking play. Greg puts together that beautiful drive and in true Greg fashion completely shits the fucking bed on the final calls.
my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
SUICIDE WATCH
Lamar lost the game
Easily had this game w/o stupid fucking turnovers
"Bad offensive performance, bad coaching, bad luck with refs"
No false start on 89?!?!?
Legit angry at this. Seriously
Literally the same shit 4th down call we failed twice vs the Titans...
3rd and 5 should be 2 runs to RUNNINGSBACKS
This game feels like the Kyle Boller days 😂
Queen is gonna be a monster. We always nail our 1st rounders...except Perriman
Prediction. Lamar will throw a 45 yard td to Hollywood that will get called back because of a penalty.
Lol cool Lamar who's played like UTTER ass today and Greg Roman with no timeouts have to drive for a touchdown to win it. 😂
TD to HOLLYWOOD incoming
I don't believe but shit I might start praying
Time back on the clock!
They should put time back on
Injury timeout should return some time back.
Hope Heyward is good he’s a great player. Would hope this isn’t too serious.
ADD TIME TO THE CLOCK CMON REFS
STOP BOOING
Bro that’s horseshit we should have more time
Flag?
Why no time added?
That’s fucking PI
"Roman and Lamar ended up costing the ravens the win tbh.

Lamar through the first 3 Q's and roman in the 4th."
WR was WIDE open on the outside
Did everything possible to hand the game away
From MVP to liability overnight
Lamar needs to wake the fuck up
Lamar is making rookie season mistakes that we did not see last year. I truly don't understand the regression.
"Lamar is not playing well. Some questionable throws, very indecisive."
"Ravens are going to have to slowly run out the clock second half.

Use the time of possession, calm down, stop fighting, stop being stupid, and patients kill time"
Big Ben? More like fat Ben
Lamar Jackson 14:17 Baltimore Ravena
"We should have a sizable lead, with Gus and Dobbins running it down their fucking throats. Lamar is fucking us, no way around it."
Lamar has looked hot and cold all season. The bad thing is...he is more cold than hot
Lamar could easily lead the league in picks this year if nor for all tge dropped ones. Thats scary
Truth is defense has been great. Our offense is not playing like a playoff level team.
This sub is going to try hard to blame the defense for the loss despite Lamar looking like a rookie
Dude said Biden is a Marxist lmaooo
WHY DIDN'T WE GET MORE TIME
How is that not PI on #31?
Trying to calm down after this one. We ran the ball down their goddamn throats and held their offense in check. Lamar had a couple of bad picks that gifted them 14. We're still 5 and 2 and Dobbins looks like a great pick now. Fuck the Steelers and fuck the refs. We are coming for them on turkey day.
[deleted]
"In any event, y'all need to stop talking trash about Lamar. I know he's playing poorly this game, but he's certainly not trash."
Lamar’s regressed. Plain and simple.
Lamar really just laughed that off... not sure if that’s what I wanna see after such a bone head choice
"Not a fan of Lamar’s attitude after that 2nd pick. Totally changed the momentum of the game while Lamar laughed it off.

It’s like this season he doesn’t have the SB or bust mentality like he had last year."
"Lamar is playing terribly. To Romo's point, that drive could've been game.

All three of his turnovers have been abysmal and a breakdown on fundamentals. Throwing late, holding onto the ball way too long, lofting one straight to a defender.

He has regressed so fucking hard from last year."
Refs were trash but Lamar put them in this game. Loss is completely on him.
Just throw the damn ball away stop forcing shit
Fuck TJ WATT
fuck tj watt
Matthew Judon has got to fucking go
I honestly like Judon more now. Fuck the Steelers
Judon gets way too much hate in this sub. He wasn’t swinging at the ref
Our production without Stanley playing has been very comforting
Lamar is losing this game singlehanded
"Lmao at you guys blaming Roman. Roman doesn't tell Lamar to throw the ball straight at the defense.  If it's a bad playcall, he shouldn't be throwing it."
"The win/loss doesn't matter today. If lamar's decision making and field vision (both of which were fantastic last yr) don't improve, the ravens won't do anything of note in january.

He played this exact same way against cincy. It didn't burn the ravens in that game but is burning them now."
"FUCK. YOU. REFS.

SERIOUSLY. FUCK YOU"
Lamar is directly responsible for 14 of their points and losing at least 3 with the TO in the redzone. Not good enough.
Make Winks the OC too
"This feels just like the Chiefs game.

Lamar is playing weird.
Play calling is sketchy.
Defense is holding up as best as it can, but it's beginning to break.
And don't forget how we love getting flags thrown on every drive."
[deleted]
Can’t beat a team and the refs. It is what it is
"Lamar lost this fucking game, him and romans shit playcalling"
"Expecting the refs to make the correct call that would benefit the Ravens is insane, everything they've done today has helped the Steelers."
"Steelers didn’t even play that well tbh, gave them 14 points off Lamar, and 200 penalty yards smh"
Hit on a defenseless reciever
This game is on Lamar
REFS SUCKED HARD
My
"Is it just me or is the network only talking Squealers?

Go ahead, ignore the Ravens.  We gonna win."
WE GET ROMO??????!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuck the Steelers front 7.  Ours is better.
Fuck Steelers say it for good luck
Looks about the attendance of an orioles game pre pandemic
"&#x200B;

Guess we're going to blame the Lamar JAckson Pick 6 on the Rain and ball being wet          🙄"
"Oh, it’ll be one of these days huh"
Shake it off
Well there goes our running game
FUCKING HELL LAMAR
Lamar what a shit play
"Lamar maybe relax, learn to fucking relax."
The good news is - this gives two things. The chance to come back from behind and fix that narrative and help build the narrative the Steelers can't hold a lead. Let's fucking goooo
Now we're fucked. The runs about to be abandoned.
we’re gonna have to hear about that play all fuckin day aren’t we?
"We’re behind, say goodbye to the run game."
"&#x200B;

You can't do that. Late hit on Jackson from Fitzpatrick"
Bailout. I'll take it.
"&#x200B;

Refs are going to call that allday.   Thanks Minkah"
Not this illegal formation bullshit again
#SNEAD STEPPING UP
O line is crushing Lamar. Literally.
Wow Boykin looked surprised he even caught one.
Boykins CAUGHT IT!??
BOYKIN?????? WHOA
What a throw
They must have just locked Boykin in the bank over the bye
Let’s go boys
Such a perfectly timed pass
Woot woot!
What a throw wow
Finally a nice throw!
Looks like Boykin took all the negative talk about him personal this week.
tHe RaVeNs ShOuLd CuT bOyKiN
What a fucking bounce back. Play from behind after an opening drive pick 6. Amazing. Lamar baby.
Lets fucking go Defense. I have so much fucking faith
Boykin see Dez watching. He gotta show out today
"Boykin redemption tour, leggo"
Boykin did what over the bye weak lol? Good shit
"It's actually Dez wearing Boykins jersey, they're trying to throw off the scouting report"
"Beautiful drive  

We going to get a Marlon turnover. I can feel it"
Boykin got scared into playing good.
Great drive. Roman is still getting too cute on some of the runs. Glad we put a string of plays together. Lamar going through progressions again.
Dez lighting a fire under boykins ass!
Our D-line is fucking huge and tips a lot of balls. Big Ben throws more balls near the LOS than any other QB. Anybody else smell a tipped INT or 2?
"God fucking damn, /r/NFL is fucking disgusting. Saying Refs gave us that down."
I think they found the whitest guy in America for that Trump ad
fuck ben let’s fucking go defense
Yannick fast as fuck
So it's gonna be a ref bailout type of game
Yes we stole it back
JUICEMAN
Fruit PUNCH
They love their crabcakes and they love their strip fumbles
ALL PRO FOR A REASON
Man my stream is WAY behind y'all's lol. See y'all at half time!!
Woooow Peters ain't playing today boyyyyyyyyy thats a bad man
Did the refs force that fumble r/NFL ?
Just when I think you couldn’t possibly be any dumber you go and do something like this. And TOTALLY REDEEM YOURSELF
Juice Punch!
"That is Peters 101. Gives a lot, takes a lot."
Peters and Humphrey the best duo in the league
Let’s capitalize plz
I heard him scream :/
It's pretty encouraging how well the interior run is doing
Imagine thinking the NFL would want to cheat for the Ravens over the Steelers. They make way more money for the NFL than we do lol
What a fucking waste
it’s gonna be this type of game huh lol
Gunna be one of those games.. that’s for sure
throw the ball away... good lord.
Fucking run it man jfc
Run the ball with the running backs that got you there. Lamar keeper and a shitty pass play. Come on
"You simply can’t pump fake 4 times in the NFL, he needs to play smarter"
Cmon now that was a fantastic drive!!!! Pocket awareness please
Man 2 TOs already now we gotta come back on defense and make a play
Should have just ran it holy crap
"We can still win this game, but damn.  For every Lamar highlight this season, he puts out at least 2 lowlights."
Wish we’d just run downhill at them when we got inside the 10
People saying why not run..... There were 2 steelers right in front of him
Look at the positive...we’re moving the ball well against their defense but they’re getting to him
Well that one year of great offense sure was fun
"why the fuck is lamar so nervous, calm tnhe fuck down"
FUCKING DELAY OF GAME
"Lamar just trying to do too much right now, needs to be more careful for the rest of this game"
Jimmy ole reliable
That’s a great stand after the turnover
Nice tackling by Beans
"Defense still playing so good, I don't want to go back to when our defense carried us"
Awful punt lmao
"Great stop

Our defense is playing hyped up, I fucking love it"
"Steelers playing scared on 3rd down, ya love to see it"
"They’re not getting YAC on us, we don’t let that shit happen 💯"
Can already see Yannick’s impact. He’s definitely drawing attention and creating havoc
"Steelers playing on offense like they're scared of us.

If Lamar & co. can get their head out of their ass, we'll be good to go."
Didn't that ball bounce out close to the 50??
"man... 2 turnovers from lamar in 3 drives. 1 TD as well but...

just don't turn it over on this possession. Field position is good. I'd take a freaking 3 and out over a turnover."
Who said Gus Bus can't go east west!!
#NO PLEASE NOT STANLEY
Please just a sprain please just a sprain
"Fuck, that is the worst possible injury... fuck"
God help us please Jesus with Ronnie
He's in too much pain.  This is bad.... FUCK
This is bad. This is really really bad.
"NOOOOOOOOO. I blame Roman, garbage fucking play call"
That looks like his season.  That sucks.
That is one of the worst players we could have go down
#WTF DUDE FUCK HIS ANKLE IS BROKEN
Oh wow like I needed another reason to fucking hate TJ Watt
So TJ Watt just broke Stanley’s ankle... that fucking destroys us. Unbelievable.
Wait in the middle of all this.... Lamar actually did get that pass off. Should have been an incomplete
He’s out for the season.
EDC has a lot of work to do this week.
Fuck sakes why does something bad have to happen every 2 min
*Michael Scott face* “This is the worst”
This is going to show the crowd that said let Stanley walk how wrong they are
"Right after he signs his contract, why does that keep happening"
Shit on TJ for his intentional play not his accidents
bro my fucking soul... watching him in the cart
Couldn't we have done a go fund me and pay lamar whatever he would have made for him to not do the madden cover?
gotta trade for a lineman now fuck man this sucks
"Lamar is trying too hard to get the ball out a little bit too often today. I'd rather have the sack than a throw like that, even if it was completed"
It’s gonna be a fucked up game now unless the defense can carry us
"Losing Stanley much worse than losing this game, and this is probably the most important game of the season."
"Really hope Stanley isn’t out for the year. Besides Lamar, he’s the most important piece on the offense. Ugh. Very very bad news."
AT LEAST WE'RE GETTING MORE PRESSURE TODAY
Can we play a bit more aggressively now? Let's blitz and get some pressure on Ben
I like our D.
Shoutout to Wink playing tight press almost every play
Great job defense
The amount of people in this thread saying the season is over is too damn high.
DeShaun has all these NextGen stats and he's 1-6.
"The Ravens right guard was engaged in a block then had his right leg rolled up on. The two worries are for an MCL Sprain versus a high ankle sprain. At this point, we find it very unlikely for him to return today. 

Ronnie Stanley just signed a 5-year, $98.75 million extension and appeared to get seriously injured today. We believe he suffered a left ankle fracture dislocation after being engaged in a block and getting rolled up on from behind. He should be able to return by Week 1 next season, but his 2020 season is undeniably over. By video, the whole ankle and foot were trapped and turned outwards similar to Dak Prescott's injury, minus the open component of the injury. The Ravens lost LT Stanley and RG Tyre Phillips both in the first quarter today.

-from ProFootballDoc website"
#RUN ALL DAY
"This bus has no brakes

Beep beep motherfucker"
almost like running the ball works. incoming 20 pass plays
Yes please! Run the dang ball! Make them stop us!
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU RUN THE BALL!!
Gus hates the fucking Steelers.
Now we pound. Frustrating it took 8 weeks to realise this.
Crazy how electric our offense looks when you actually stick to our guns
That run looked meh but it still got 4
So wait...running makes it easier to pass? Whoda thunk it?
That was an incredible hit to stop LJ from scoring.
That was the toughest shot Lamar has ever taken
I hope we get to keep Gus
Llama it hurts me when you take these shots
Lamar is taking some shots today
No stupid bullshit from Roman. Do what you do best until they take it away. Make them take it away.
"What a statement drive. Proud of our guys to go out there with two backups in, smash them in the mouth and pound the ball down the field."
No call on the Helmet to Helmet.
"Feels like if we fully committed to the run this game we would be up 21, hope Roman realizes that too."
I think after the offense looked off cause they tried to make it a little more traditional. After Ronnie went down the coaching staff said fuck it were just gonna play like last year
I hate to say it but I think Ingram might be rb3
Greg roman figured out playing a team to its strengths lol
"Gus wanted it way more than #41

What a fucking beast"
All I can say is fuck the Steelers. Dirty fucking team.
"And that's what a Ravens offense is supposed to fucking look.

Now comes the impossible task of Greg Roman not trying to get away from a winning running game."
Fuck yeah. Open up the pass with them long schlong runs
Brown bullied Hayward right there. You love to see it.
With a steady run game like that we can do enough to beat the steelers with our defense. Really hoping we can snag this win for Stanley.
It took him three games and our left tackle going down but Greg finally figured out how to call plays for a drive
That drive is the  #1 reason I never get why we abandon the run. We average net per rush as many as some teams do passing. We are run of the few teams that can bust one or consistently run for 5 yards.
ben is fucking washed
"No hate, but Joe Haden looks like a Keebler's elf"
TJ “Spear the Knee” Watt
FUCK. THE. STEELERS
Amazing job by mcphee there setting the edge!
Nice hustle by Ngakoue to make that previous stop.
Penalties on both sides is the only reasonable option here
Judon’s contract is in JEOPARDY
Chuck Clark out there breaking things up. Really love his presence on this team
Classic Matt Judon
Fucking soft ass refs
"As I've said before, Judon is a loose cannon."
Bullshit call
 I cant wait to get rid of Judon.
He's Judone.
Don’t really agree with that call but Judon has to be more disciplined
Did the ref just flop
Another week of refball I guess.
That’s kinda bs but maybe we’ll trade him for a guard and pick.
Judon was jerking his arm free and accidentally hit the ref. However I understand why they took him out. Just like that 3 starters gone
That ejection of judos was weak. He didn’t come touch an official on purpose
Y’all that was bullshit. I’m not mad at Judon
Chris Board with a FF
ben sacked-burger
Good ole Ravens/Steelers game. Mostly defense. Multiple turnovers 😂
This game has been so entertaining! I can’t believe there’s still 5 minutes left in the quarter.
Get off the fucking field.
D is playing lights out! Let’s get a long rushing drive with points here plz
"Ringo ringo ringo ..... guys they are fucking blitzing to the right 



Ravens : yes"
"The only thing you did by ejecting Judon is making it more cut throat, dumbest F’ing call; Judons play aside, that was so f’ing egregious"
"LOL, I thought Biden said ""I'm Joe Flacco and I approve....."""
"Pro Football Doc just said they believe Ronnie suffered a left ankle fracture dislocation and is done for the year

Not official, but bad news"
"This game reminds me of the late 2000’s early 2010’s ravens-Steelers games. Smash mouth football. Every yard is hard fought and the intensity is turned WAY up. I love it. 
PS- FUCK THE STEELERS"
"Gotta keep that elbow good for thanksgiving, Ben can’t go another year without being able to use it for dinner."
The worst part about being an AFC fan is having to watch the awful CBS commercials for shows that won't last longer than 1 season
Holy shit that scared me
"This is THE number one rush defense?! Holy hell, they could give up over 200 yards before it's all said and done today."
r/NFL would have had a field day if he lost that lmao
Holy Ghost knocked that ball out.
Why does Lamar hold the ball like that instead of clutching it at his chest like other runners
Did I just hear romo say gus is banged up?
I hope Gus is ok
Fortunately that's a drop
Wait did he drop it? LETS FUCKING GOOOO
That’s not a pick
"Roman run the fucking ball, they aren't stopping it."
Come on Lamar. This is bad. You are regressing in the passing game man.
That clearly hit the ground but they fucked us the same way last year so idk
Man not gonna lie though that was a beautiful play by Haden
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

What is going on with Lamar Jackson? 

&#x200B;

That was another  close call"
Just run the clock..
2019 Lamar and 2020 Lamar are like two completely different players
"that wasn't really on lamar or boykin, pass got tipped at the line"
Ravens are the only team in the league that doesn't run slant routes I swear
"LOL, well at least Lamar's run game is on today."
Orlando Brown the wrecking ball holy shit
Pre-snap penalties have been below average this year
Jk dobbins makes me happy
Gus and Dobbins are such an amazong combo
Dobbins gets hit and just falls forward for six more yards
Get out of pittsburghs ass nantz
Dobbins out there doing a great job
Damn that was a quick snap. Professional as hell
Refs almost cost us three there
Stop the clock I hate when they blow the play dead early
Good from fucking 70 man
Legatron
The Ravens held the ball for 20 minutes that half. I like that!
We’ve dominated this game. Without the turnovers we’d be up by more
"Fuck the Steelers, bro"
I keep that Tuck 9 wit me
SAY IT ROMO
Tucker is a golden god. A finisher kicker.
0 points given up in the 1st half.
IN TUCKER WE TRUST
# FUCK THE STEELERS AND THE REFS
lol u guys see how they tried to cheat us?
Hollywood with 0 receptions is a bit concerning
7-17 LETS GO BOYS WE GOT THIS
Ben's getting picked off if he trys to open this thing up Bill!
"Tyre Phillips has been ruled out with an ankle injury.

2 ankle injuries to our OL so far."
Wow Ben is fine what a shocker
"Ok, let's not let JuJu get that wide open again"
"I feel so bad for NFL players. Imagine having to answer the same stupid questions from reporters for an entire career. “It starts with possessing the ball” yeah, you need to have the ball to score. Thanks."
Great no call
Jimmy Smith has really played well so far this season
Stiller calling for the flag before the ball is even in the area... Also uncatchable?!?
Jimmy wanted some butt
Jimmy Smith playing lights out
What is romo talking about that was like nothing
not gonna get a flag trying to sell it that hard
Need a 9-minute TD drive here and then let the defense close it out.
Steelers just praying for flags because they got shit for offense.
Romo doesnt know the definition of “grab”
He had a little hold at the beginning but the rest was just blanket coverage
Ben is literally just going for PI calls. Corners have to play smarter. Those throws aren’t even remotely in play.
Deep Hollywood bomb coming soon...
Doesn’t matter that we’re not getting turnovers/sacks caz they can’t move the ball
JFC Lamar.
Son. Of. A. Bitch.
RUN THE BALL!!! WHAT ARE WE DOING
Y
Anyone remember getting downvoted for saying Lamar looks absolutely off this year?
Terrible decision. Absolutely brutal.
What the fuck was that?
What the fuck are you doing Lamar?!?!
Lamar throws 2 INT’s and sitting on the bench laughing his ass off
God I don't know what's happened to Lamar. He just isn't even making good throws.
"I was pretty sure lamar would get on track, but im officially in the cautiously worried camp now"
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
"That wasnt even Roman's fault, why did he even throw that?"
These plays are such common sense things and why we let them hang in
Laughable
"I know the numbers are bad, but Lamar seems to be regressing in awareness"
"Lamar is too lackadaisical sometimes. I get that he gets away with shit like crazy but still it’s like, dude just play smart."
I'm starting to get pissed.......
I swear to god if we keep passing
Up 2 scores. Need to eat the clock. Ran like 170ish yards in the first half. Stops running the ball....
Fucking embarrassing. Lamar has been Pittsburgh’s best player today
Fucking stupid. All the momentum back to shitsburgh
"Lamar dude, what the fuck."
Wtf Lamar?
Might as well call that a pick 6
Lamar singlehandedly keeping the Steelers in this game
"&#x200B;

Lamar  Jackson  get your sh\*t together   😡😡"
"Lamar has been shit today, call it like it is"
Why is he laughing on the sideline?
"I’m sorry. Lamar can’t throw. It’s not a bad thing, but just RUN THE FOOTBALL GOD DAMMIT"
Just run the fucking ball jfc. We literally have scored for them.
Lamar is keeping the Steelers in this
"Lamar with a bad pass.

Defense somehow tops that with no one even close to the receiver."
Lol all we had to do was take care of the football
If we blow this game it’ll change our entire season
Why tf is this taking so long
Jesus fuck either kick it or dont
Can we stop giving them points ffs!!
run the ball run the ball run the ball run the ball
"I’ve haven’t been able to really watch the game today, but from what I can tell Lamar seems to be playing poorly. The question is whether this is because he has regressed or the Steelers D is really good. However based on recent trends im inclined to believe the regression narrative."
"Goddamn, can we stop falling on our lineman. This game is terrifying."
3rd and 5.... RUN IT AGAIN
F this game man fr.
Reminder that this gross incompetence is coming off a bye. At home.
LJ was a better passer last year
Lamar has been the Steelers best offensive player.
WHY THE FUCK IS THAT NOT A CALL
They are both hand fighting that’s fucking horse shit
Weak call
This game is starting to frustrate me.
nah these refs are the dumbest fucks ever
Phishing for flags
"Push offs don't exist anymore and apparently anything a defender does to an uncatchable pass is DPI.

Refball 2020."
WTF McCloud literally threw Bonds to the ground...
"It would be so fucking nice to collapse a pocket one time.


Edit: ayyy"
Ferguson did a great job of getting that sack
Sometimes we take the worst fucking pursuit angles
"Holding like mofo, no call"
God I hate prevent defense
Lamar has got to wake up
"Ferguson has stepped up, take notes 📝 Judon!"
Ferguson has been a low key beast this year
This is just fucking pointless
[deleted]
Why do we always have these periods of time in games where everything is totally inept?
"Truly shameful how we’ve blown this game, up 7-17, it’s sad man"
And the Ravens now trail Pittsburgh in Baltimore    😞😞
Fuck this game i need to get drunk
If I see one more baker commercial.....
Give Dobbins the fucking ball
Why don't we just cut our receivers and line up 4 additional linemen?
"The steelers have made less mistakes thats why they are winning,ah,and lamar jackson trash performance also"
"I don’t know how the defense can be blamed here. That’s the worst drive they’ve had all game, but poor decisions on offense is what gets you here."
Lamar can't throw the ball. Pitt can't stop the run. Roman: 5 STEP DROP
jesus christ
Gotta get Hollywood and Duvernay involved
3 fumbles and 2 picks after a bye week...not good.
Roman has to do better
3rd and 8 and *that’s* what we do?
A QB run on 3rd and 8? Okay Roman you do you
Did Hill not want to take a hit there? This is sad
This is on Lamar and his turnovers
Our O line is going to be a big problem now
FUCKING PATHETIC
3RD ABD 8 TRAILING RUN
Whole home fuckifier
The playcalling is absurd right now
"Everybody gonna blame the refs or injuries, we need to man the fuck up here."
I remember before the season started how we heard Ingram say Lamar was a million times ahead of last year. Heard Lamar and Hollywood really worked on their connection. Etc. Hollywood is a nonfactor this season. Lamar has not been good since week 1. This is so damn frustrating to watch.
Ben getting wayyy too much time
"Romo needs to chill.

""Awwhuhhhagghhgahhh!"""
Seeing a Terp player in a Steelers jersey is kinda disgusting
Worst we looked off a bye in a long time.
I’d like the MVP to show up now please.
"Nice adjustment by Wink. Your turn, Greg."
Our defense has literally had like 1 bad drive. Our offense is the whole reason we're down.
if we could not keep leaving watt as the read man that would be ideal
You right. Lamar trying to do to much but he shouldn't be in the position.
Steelers have made some nice adjustments against our running game this half. Since we can't throw either it's hard to imagine how we come back here
Lamar hasn’t been good today but Roman’s play calling hasn’t been putting him in a good position
Perfect time to play like shit
We have no pass game at all.
We could use a possession receiver Boykin is ok but he reminds me of a relief receiver more than a consistent starter Allan Robinson should've been an option.
We’re not winning this game with this offense
"I love Roman going 5 wide with nobody helping chip, let’s allow a really good pash rush to not have to hesitate with RPO or play action"
"Why IS THAT our 2nd and 8 play call to drives in a row, with 2 starting passing offensive linemen out of the game."
Great catch Duvernay! Woo!
Holy shit wtf was that was that a competent executed pass play
"Ok, that was a sexy throw.  Also, for the people saying we need more plays to Duvernay, drink up boys."
This is an option as well?
Give Duvernay more reps. He's at least shown signs of life.
where was the hold...
Fuck the refs so much
WTF REFS 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
HE DIDNT TOUCH HIM PNFAOOOOOO
That was soft af
Refs suddenly remember holding is supposed to be a penalty at the wrong time
And the holding is where?
......... of all the plays to call holding. Watch a chiefs game for god sake.
That may have been the weakest holding call I've ever seen
tHeY dOnT cAlL hOlDiNg ThIs YeAr
Phantom fucking penalty JUSTICE STRAIGHT AWAY
Someone tell Fitzpatrick to shut his mouth
"Steelers be like: bUt ThE rEfs

As they get all the help from them all game. Fucking shit"
I don’t know bad challenge here
"&#x200B;

I don't think that was  a Touchdown. But hey, at his point we have nothing to lose and everything to gain by challenging the call"
Wow that right knee left a mark that looked like it was in bounds.
RIGHT KNEE WAS DOWN
Lamar made that harder than it should have been
Refs unlikely to overturn the call. It's too close.
His left foot might have barely touched. His knee might have hit in. But it's sooooooo close. I can't be too mad if they don't overturn this tbh
"I generally like the Romo/Nantz squad on commentary, but they’ve been infuriating today."
There is a less than zero chance this gets overturned.
I hate these refs man I hate them
Dez is here less thank a week and we're already being called for incompletes in the endzone
When is it our turn to get hometown calls? I swear every home game we get flagged more than the opposition.
Losing this timeout is gonna come back to bite us somehow
OH MY GOD A TOUCHDOWN
KARMA BITCHES
"Review that, bitch"
I really hate those roll out plays on the goal line but it worked
Had to get 3 TDs to score once!
LETS GO HOLLYWOOD
Get in bitch
wow refs cant take away the 3rd td eh?
"From behind with some running and some passing, that is a GOOD drive. QBs have off days. Being able to come back is the key thing. Aaron Rodgers started with a pick 6 against Tampa a couple weeks back and didn't bounce back as well as Lamar has twice this game now."
Yea suck it easy lamar haters hide you cowards
We got in the endzone 3 times that drive.
That drive we overcame 3rd and 14 and 2nd and 22. This game is too close for my heart
Defense please make my day
We got the momentum back. Let’s carry that over to the defense we had in the first half
fuck everybody that was talking like the game was over already
FUCK THE STEELERS
Great TD but damn I wish that rushing TD stood. Kind of like that one touchdown against the Browns a few years ago that got called back.
Steelers and refs couldn't stop the Ravens on that drive
"It’s not over yet. Keep the pressure on, burn the clock. Very winnable."
##If they call a roughing the passer I stg
I would’ve lost my shit. They’ve been doing that to Lamar all game.
"This ref is a Steelers fan, JESUS CHRIST HE ISNT EVEN HIDING IT"
38 gotta go
Look I appreciate the sean connery tribute but can we please get Mr. Bonds off the field
38 is giving me unpleasant melvin flashbacks
please stop taking penalties
Who the fuck is Bonds and why is he allowed to play? Dude looks beyond fucking awful
"who tf is bonds. I've literally never heard this dudes name, and hes getting picked on"
"Bonds is booty but that was on Chuck, guys lol"
"That was Chuck Clark not bonds, was the right call"
Absolutely have to hold them to a fg at the very least
How in the world did Pittsburgh end up with such an easy schedule?
refs doing anything to keep them in the game
"These refs are so one-sided, lol"
over 100 yards in penalties come the fuck on
Steelers need to get bailed out but their fans consistently bitch about the refs
Defense is absolutely gassed after having to carry our anaemic offense
I don’t blame the refs I blame our undisciplined ass fucking defence that has been doing this all fucking year so far
Show a damn replay
Head Hunt the Refs
This game should be 7-24
Fuck refball
"First Half: What is a forward pass?

Second Half: How does one tackle?"
Fuck Claypool the little smug bastard
They better pound the fucking rock
Come on 6 min td drive to cap it
Loving these runs so far.
"This drive has last year's Ravens all over it. The fun, creative plays that keep the defense guessing. Welcome back Greg you fuck."
Dobbins is a beast
Dobbins low-key with a near 100 yard game.
GUS
BEEP BEEP BITCH
Boyle plastered that mf
First 100 yard game for JK. CONGRATZ! HERES TO MANY MORE!
This game is giving me a heart attack
69 plays? Nice.
#DOBBINS YOU CAN HAVE MY FIRST BORN SON
"Roman finally understood that passing is not our thing.

UNLEASH HIM!!!

DOBBINS IS A FREE ELF!!!"
If they had just done this maybe 5-7 more times they’re up two TDs right now. Whyyyyyyyyyy
JK REMIND ME OF DALVIN COOK
"We are so close, keep a cool head offense"
Of course you go for it
WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE WAITING FOR?????
This rivalry is going to give me a heart attack one of these days
"Ugh wish he tried to bounce outside, some space would have at least gotten 2 yards anyway. 4th and 3. Let me guess refs will decide this."
Yeah that was horrible. Game over.
I cant believe we handed them this game.
Worst fucking play call
Greg Roman turned back into a pumpkin. Hate to see it
"Can’t really understand why you got Empty there.


Oh well. Next time in Pittsburgh"
We didn’t deserve to win. We genuinely ain’t doing shit this season if this is our fucking game plan after a bye week
Fire roman immediately
This pistol college offense from Roman is not sustainable. We’ve cut down on QB runs (good) but the pass concepts are too mediocre
That’s a pathetic play call
"I mean, what about maybe running that option play that worked like 5 straight times?!?"
That play call was pathetic. Roman completely bit on what the Steelers wanted us to do
4 turnovers of course we lose.
[deleted]
To only lose by 4 after spotting them 14 is wild in itself. Between that and the penalties the ravens beat themselves today
Still got a chance
Now we need a miracle.
This ain’t over. But I’m not confident unless they blow a coverage again
Queen lfg
Time to see if Lamar has the clutch gene
Punt return TD incoming. Big truss.
I called it with the challenge coming back to fuck us. Now we have no timeouts and they ran 45 seconds off the clock.
This is where we see what Lamar is made of.
"If Jackson throws an INT or takes a sack, I'm rioting."
The line can’t hold long enough for deep shots to form
It almost always comes down to the last two minutes in Baltimore    🏈
"This offense needs something. Up 17-7 at half, we should have never been in this position"
Oh yeah let’s throw in the middle of the field with no timeouts. JFC
#LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO WE GOT A CHANCE
That injury will give us time back on the clock right?
Ravens should have atleast 15 seconds.
Give us more time then.
My ass just took a giant bite out of my couch
Time should be back in the clock
**WILLIE SNEAD IV 106 YARDS TODAY**
WTF WHY NO TIME ADDED
Wtf?? We should have gotten time back
We should of gotten more time
No time added?? Why
Robbed - fucking clock mistake.
Should have had another play with that clock
Watt took out our $100M man trying to dive on the pile after the whistle.
"I literally cant take watching another ""ITS ON ME GUYS"" signal from Lamar after throw a terrible pass to the other team. Omg"
"we are 1st in rushing, 27th in passing. can we play to our strengths"
Fire Dean Pees
I've seen us play from behind enough to know this games over lol
Bruh some of y’all gave up after 1 fucking play...
FUCK TJ WATT
"It looked like a high ankle sprain to me guys, those are incredibly painful and you can’t really put weight on your foot. I didn’t see the ankle snap

Could be wrong, I’m trying to be optimistic here"
I hate Judon so fucking much lol such an enormous waste of money for little production and stupid penalties galore
"Man, this sub is so wishy washy, one second Lamar is the greatest, the next they’re calling for his head. Calm down people"
"I have no idea what's been wrong with Lamar this year, I'm genuinely starting to get concerned. He's just been careless. We could be up 24-0 right now if he hasn't been so garbage."
Jesus. Sub 50% with two ints. That's awful
These refs can kiss my dick. Obvious steeler fans
"I love LJ, But he really just gave the steelers the game."
Man I love Lamar but this performance isn’t it. I hope he improves the rest of the season but as it is right now I would be pretty upset if he gets a massive contract extension this offseason.
I see our offense has used the bye week to do absolutely fucking nothing
Lamar has complete garbage body language at times. Man the fuck up and get going.
Knee was in
Genuinely: fire Greg Roman: out of a fucking cannon
So this game is all Lamars fault honestly
They got handed the game by the refs
Not even a fucking rrplay. Fucking joke of a league im so donr
THEY DIDNT PUT ANY TIME ON THE CLOCK AND LET THAT HELMET TO HELMET GO
"Fuck TJ watt, douche bag"
[deleted]
"Every bandwagon Steelers fan can fuck off, fuck that backwards ass city and the entire organization, burn in hell burn in hell"
#FUCK TRUMP
How is watt dirty for that? He went in backwards?
Watt didn't hurt Stanley on purpose but it was completely fucking reckless and unnecessary. So yea. Fuck him.
There’s really nothing the apologists can say - Lamar has more bad games this season than he has good ones. He needs to turn this shit around right fucking quick
Thread is hilarious. Lamar is keeping Steelers in there but he is also the reason are run game is working.
"Dude Tony Romo literally never has good things to say about the Ravens, ever. Like fuck you dude."
Fuck this Trump commercial.
Fuck Trump
"Soooo, can we criticize this team now or would that still make me a ‘FaIr WeAtHeR BaNdWaGoN fAn’?"
"Fuck you Greg Roman, just fuck you.  49ers fans warned us"
Classless fans booing here.
Browns fan just wanted to come in here and say Fuck the Steelers. Goodbye.
I'm on edge over here boys. This one's going to come down to the wire
2 turnovers by Lamar in the first quarter. Not a good start
That was a vintage Flacco moment lmao
TJ Watt can suck my left nut
"Watt too wreckless and fucking stupid to even make a simple tackle on a guy not moving. Dumb shit, go to hell."
Who do you want Lamar to throw to. nobody is open lol
Hopefully Minkah gets fined for that shit.
If Ben took the hit Lamar took on that last drive he would be rolling around on the ground for 5 minutes being dramatic
Pussy ass Pittsburgh Steelers.
I'll say it again: this feels like the 2004 team. The only saving grace is the QB is much better and our schedule is easier.
Free my man Judon
That wasn't a grab Romo. Chill
"21 points all on Lamar's shoulders.

Boykin will somehow get blamed for it."
We should be up fucking 20 if our offense wasn't fucking garbage.
Yeah we have like 150 rushing yards in a half. But no let’s continue to throw. literally spotted these fuckers 14 points.
Where’s our WR1 at? Hollywood sighting anybody?
Not sure if I’m missing something but can Lamar just not throw a pass 25+ yards? He did it last season so what gives? We know he can. The play calling has no creativity. I’d rather we lose and be experimental and creative than try to win with short passes and not utilising our run game enough
"Man fuck all the people here acting like those of us worried about how poorly Lamar is playing is us bitching.

This game could have been put the fuck away."
"As fucking shit as Lamar has been, this interior offensive line has done him zero favours today. Nor have the receivers."
Im so hyped this game is almost over
Lamar looking really bad in the pocket :(
"I'm not just blaming Lamar. I'm blaming O-line, receivers not being open, receivers dropping balls at times, Greg Roman's awful playcalling, AND coaching. The whole offense has been out of sync this season, and no 1 player's to blame."
"Why are so many of you so negative. If you guys keep saying we’re done we’re done we lost when it’s only a 1 score game, y’all shouldn’t be ravens fans"
"That wasn't Lamar's fault that time, Greg's to blame..."
bengals fan coming in peace to say i’m rooting for you guys. fuck the steelers.
Fuck these bitch ass Steelers
"Honestly I think we played better than we have in tough, close situations. I’m mad, but I’m really not that mad like I was with the Titans game."
BE LOUD FLOCK. ROCK THAT BANK
LETS FREAKINNNNNN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Everyone picking us to lose
I can hear fans.
Say that again: Defending **TWO-TIME** AFC NORTH CHAMPIONS 😤
Nerves going crazy.
Refs better call late hits to QB.  Remember how Steelers drilled RG3 after handoffs last year.
How has no one invented a rain blocking force field for open roof stadiums
We need to go out and catch a body today tbh
Let's get the gus bus and Dobbins goin early
Guarantee Harbaugh and Tomlin were talking about trash Ohio pro football is
Dez with the bape mask 💀💀💀
Man Yannick looks fucking dialed in ALREADY for this rivalry
Jesus dude
That was a terrible pass. Jesus christ he wasn't even disguising the coverage
Is it Roman or Lamar but we have regressed offensively
Lol yeah that should have been roughing.
Ooof now we don't have scapegoat Boykin. This was all on Lamar.
That’s on Lamar that’s a simple read he fucked up
"Lamar just isn't seeing the field as well as he did last yr, especially out of empty. 

He has to see spillane rotating there. He just has to. 

Oh well."
"Stop trying to turn Lamar into fucking Russell Wilson. He is not a CONSISTENTLY GOOD passer, fucking period. 

If the goal is to win , we need to go to our strengths establishing the run and mix in passing when needed."
Their clearly trying to injure Lamar lol
I think it was a late hit with Heward he was going out.
Dirty ass Steelers. Fuck 'em.
Will take it
"Like how is it not unnecessary roughness to twist a players legs after he hands the ball off, wtf"
A defense committing a dumb penalty on 3rd? And NOT the Ravens??
My husband just asked if I’m going to make my traditional game day Bloody Mary. Because he thinks I’m going to need it.
"Pick sixes, 15 yarders.... Ravens Steelers football"
The need for Snead!
Sneed needs to get the Molasses out of his knees
Phillips has got to go.
Snead is such an enigma. A 2/3 that has flashes of looking like a legitimate 1 every season
BOYKIN LET'S FUCKING GO
Dear lord that was perfectly placed
#BOYKIN IS FEEDING OFF THAT DEZ ENERGY TODAY!!!!
I am so fucking sick of watching a Greg Roman Offense.
Solid bounce back
TOUCHDOWN
Boykin decided to put glue on his hands instead of concrete
OMG ITS TIED NOW WE ARENT WINNING BY 50 ITS OVER!!!
THAT'S WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT!!
Boykin making amends I see
What a fucking throw
Lmao Lamar was so mad at Phillips you could hear him haha
Get a stop here and it’s like the pick six never happened
Great route and catch Boykin thats what I like to see!
"That pass was gorgeous, makes my pp tingle"
Alright Boykin that’s how to keep dez off the field
Nice. Back to good old Ravens football. Battling against the steelers transcends generations.
Suck my dick bitch
Boykin had a real good drive.
I want to see us pop Big Ben a few times after all those hits on Lamar
Feels great to see Boykin get that under his belt. Sorry I ever doubted you buddy
Hard to kill jobs that don’t exist...
"Need to see someone smack Watt and Dupree in the mouth. Can’t keep letting them hit Lamar late on the option plays.

I hope we draft some nasty SOB lineman next year."
Thats how you fucking bounce back!!!!!!
Steelers fans really came HERE bitching about refs. Can we please ban them? Do that bellyaching shit in your own sub.
time to rough up ben
Kill fat Ben!!
The way that guy staggered backwards after the ball bounced off his knee was pure comedy.
That was elite athleticism out of Ebron
Uncatchable!
so much talking on the field i love it
Uncatchable yo
He was holding the jersey but the ball was uncatchable. Weak call.
They're gonna call a tugged jersey PI?
**WELCOME TO THE PEANUT GALLERY**
Ball don't lie.
insanely bad call
Fuck this fake ass league
We are too damn good at generating turnovers.
Peters been watching Marlon film!!
WAY TO FUCKING GO JUICE MAN
“Refs are giving the Ravens this game” lmao ok
Peters redeemed himself
MP JUICE PUNCH
Chase Claypool - the next great Steelers WR
Peters learning the marlo punch
This team forces fumbles like no team I've ever seen
Bullcrap call on Peters...BUT WE GOT A FUMBLE!!!
JUICE MAAAAANE
"As a canadian, i hate that Chase “mapletron” Claypool is on the steelers. I’d love to root for him but i can’t."
"If the refs aren't going to help Peters with that call, he'll just do it himself!!!"
Lamepool
Fuck these refs and fuck the Steelers lfg
Phenomenal play by Peters
These punches be contagious
Karma for a horribly tacky PI call on an uncatchable ball. That ref should be under review for that shit
bs call on peters then comes back with that shit hell yeah our boys are dawgs
Marlon must’ve shared his how to guide on forcing fumbles
"FUCK
THE
FUCKING
STEELERS"
Saw that right away.  Looks like his leg/knee got a Gus Bus rammed into the back of it.
Fuck.
Looks like the key to beating the Steeler's run D is to have an RB fast enough to get out the backfield and beat the blitz before they get there...
Hope he's okay!
anyone notice they got a spy on lamar basically every play?
"Fuck that would suck if Tyre is out. Like he hasn't been playing great, but having to shuffle the o-line mid game is crappy."
dobbins is a future star
That blocking by Andrews got me chubbed
Dobbins balance is crazy. He always looks like he about to fall on his face. lol
"That balance by dobbins to stay up after the ankle tackle

That's vintage ray rice shit

I am so pumped for his future"
That's was a really bad decision
Ingram done lost his job
#FUCK
Dobbins has a knack for staying balanced. He looks so special.
"Lamars gotta feel that. He was just holding that ball there. Hell learn tho, hasnt seen it to many times"
ick
cmon lamar...
Kinda fucking awful
"Lamar gotta pull that down, Oline isn't good enough to hold that long."
I find myself yelling at the tv the same thing I yelled at Joe. Throw the ball already!
"I know Lamar is trying to throw, but man... just tuck it and run."
Fuck the Steelers
Lamar fucking up hard
Where were you when this became classic Steelers/Ravens defensive battle?
[deleted]
I wanna know why we didn't run that in  for a td
Anywhere from a 10 to 14 point differential thanks to Lamar turnovers.
"That strip sack looked like the one lamar had vs. tenn. 

When you're facing good pass rushes, you can't wait a beat to give your guys time. Take off or throw it away."
Clearly didn't get that off in time but I'll take the 2nd down over half the distance
Ben just penalty hunting
Lol they just gave up on 3rd and 10
"Awesome defensive series, now let's put up 7"
What was that spot???? Hello????
What spot is that. Challenge it.
Need points on this drive. Defense getting it done but Ben will open it up at some point
LMAO what kind of fucking mark on the punt was that
Ravens defense >>> Steelers defense
Lamar audibles now?
Lamar audibling more. I think I like it.
Jesus dude. We really having awful luck
"Welp, fuck"
NOOOOOO
At this rate we'll have to pull fans from the stands to fill out the OL before game ends
Say sike right now
#SuicideWatch
Of course it’s Stanley
That's broken
Aside from Lamar Ronnie out for an extended period might be worst case scenario.
Damn it man. The man just got paid too! I hope it’s not a ligament
somebody better actually break tj watt
Looked like a broken ankle to me
Welp that's the season
Take my leg Ronnie!
Well fuck there goes our franchise LT for the season.
Looks like that’s all we’ll see from Stanley this season...
Hes not playing for a long fucking time
"Looks like a massive knee injury.

This is fucked up."
Cool let me just fly into the back of an o-lineman trying to take down a QB that's already wrapped up
Of course it was Watt
"If we have to replace Greg Roman in the offseason, I won't be mad"
Even if we win this game. We still lose FUCK 🤦🏽‍♂️
Why does that always seem to happen. Player signs a big contract and they get hurt soon after smh.
"Fuuuuck
Would rather have lost this one than lose Stanley"
Probably season for him eh
That’s just depressing. Huge part of our team and at a spot where we don’t have depth. Get to work EDC!
That was such as a risky throw
"Could have been Lamar's 3rd turnover of the first quarter, wtf was he thinking."
Let's see ben powers man
Lamar is gonna have to learn to get rid of the ball fast.
This offensive line situation is bad news bears
"we need to leave a te or someone to take a fucking bump into watt to try and stop him, none of our lineman can 1v1 him"
"Bright side, this is almost certainly the Best defense we play this year, so this is the hardest challenge for our offense (outside of thanksgiving). We stay above water here, and we'll be able to just about each game here out."
we a defensive team again boys
"1 hour 1st quarter, goddamn"
chris moore sighting
Our D is legit.
"Defense playing well at least, keeping us in it."
Our defense can win us this game if the Offense stops turning it over
"This defense deserves better, out offense seriously has to wake up"
Praying for Ronnie Stanley y’all. That just sucks.
"We better win, Steelers can’t get away with this"
"Run the ball across Pittsburgh's 40,, then take the three."
This game is winnable! Stop being so blek and depressing. Sucks that Stanley got hurt - but that's football. We have people that are also paid lots and lots of money to come in and do the job. Let's go down and get some points!
Trying to get excited about this game again... but it's super difficult after Ronnie went out.
Ronnie got rolled up on. If you guys think TJ Watt did that on purpose then you're clueless.
#THE WHEELS ON THE BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
GUS BUS
Make Gus 1RB already you cowards
BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER
Feed that fucker!
See what happens when we FUCKING RUN GREG ROMAN YOU DUMB CUNT
Those 4-6 yard runs by Gus are so effective man
Need Ricard or Boyle to put Watt in his place and show him what you get for being a dirty fuck. The play Ronnie got hurt might not have been dirty but every run play he is hitting Lamar super late. It may be legal and he’s doing his “job” but it’s still dirty. There’s a reason other players don’t do it.
Gus should be the starter from now on
FEED THE BUS
GET ON THE BUS WE GOIN
Gus is the MOTM so far
KEEP POUNDING THE ROCK
"It only took him like half the season, but is Greg Roman finally learning we can run the ball?"
JKs acceleration is wild
RUN THAT MF ROCK
RUN IT DOWN THEIR FUCKING YINZER THROATS
Jk went 10 yards in about a second holy shit
Run Dobbins run
This run game is doing well here. The Steelers don't look like they have an answer at the moment.
this is the Greg Roman we like
"We have to be content running 3-4 yards at a time. It is steady, working, and keeps Steelers off field.  Don't get greedy."
The running game is so fucking beautiful
Now that is when you call play action
Ok now give it to JK.
Oof Lamar please be careful
BIG GUS TRUSS
"jesus christ that's a risky play call, especially against the steelers who will play dirty"
How is that not 15????
BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER
That should’ve been penalized.
This just proves that if the playcalling is right our offense is dangerous
LOVE HOW LOW GUS BUS GETS
Orlando going fucking crazy... AHHHHHHHH!!! >:)
Wish we were this flawless in the passing game.
That's how its fucking done!!!
Great drive! Love that we continued to run the ball.
Spilane can’t handle the bus
"Yeah, Lamar, please don't get hit like that again....my heart can't take it"
G G G GUUUSSSSS
RUN THAT FUCKING BALL
i love gus man he just goes straight up the middle and runs hard
"That was such Ravens football, just keep doing this shit, fuck the receivers."
Let's fucking gooooooo Greg Roman you fixed your shit.
Remember when people were like you can’t run it every play lol
We really waited to lose 2 starters before we got into our game. We haven’t run like this since last year lol
Steelers got fucked that drive
There is absolutely no way ingram should get more carries than gus when he comes back
"That was such a nice double ram by Fluker and Boyle

Smart design by Roman"
Zeus and fluker at tackles are better
I fuckin love Gus. I really hope he gets his fair share of the backfield and gets the chance to produce in the NFL like he is capable of
"Next time Lamar: King of the North levels up, we gotta put a couple extra points into constitution"
Absolutely beautiful drive. Lets keep it goin
Man I love our RBs
"This is us ! This is our identity ! Run Run Run, open the opportunity for the passing game and score. Just be careful with the way we run Lamar to avoid those hits"
LFG Baltimore
"Good play calling give Roman credit, also way too much Lamar slander Hollywood if he wants to get involved get open"
ANKLE FOR STANLEY SEVERITY NOT YET DETERMINED
Hopefully that convinced Roman   we should not have Lamar stand in the pocket like a statue and throw to 5 ft 10 receivers. That's not his strength.
Rush D starting to look sloppy lol
Love to see Watt screaming at coach
"Okay on that PI against Peters I said it was uncatchable and holding at best. Romo just called it a holding penalty but didn't comment on it being just holding at the time, I feel like that was Freudian."
Lots of bad behavior on that play...
Why is this feeling I have right now so familiar as a Ravens fan?
"Fucking hell team, we don't need to give up yards. We can beat this offense"
"Should be offsetting. Washington grabbing Peters facemask is BS, but so is Judon adding extra out of bounds"
That should offset. They both hit eachother plenty...
God Judon is such an undisciplined bum.
We gotta hit them *during* the play boys
Jesus Christ it's a rivalry just wash the penalties.
If they eject judon he will get more sacks then if he would have stayed in the game
"Honestly, that was dumb by Peters and Judon but it's the Steelers so it's bound to happen. Not that mad."
OMG... You fucking idiot...
The shit Judon
Are we going to even have backup players left after this game?
So over judon
Fitzpatrick contacted an official in first quarter.  Nothing happened to him.
Soft penalty
LOL lame ass call
Judon....
That’s bullshit
Dumb call
Judon you fucking idiot...
That's ridiculous when they also shoved a coach
"I know it’s going to hurt us but I’m so fucking glad to see Judon kicked from the game. Kinda weak from the ref but still, get him out. Coaches need to stop leaning on him so much. Hopefully his time in Baltimore is coming to an end."
Watch us get 3 straight sacks from here
Time to shine Yannick
That’s a terrible ejection
lol Judon is doing the absolute opposite of playing for a contract
Ngakoue's City now
"Judon being dumb, shocker"
"If you hold someone’s arm like that in the middle of a fight, did the ref expect him not to react?"
Judon has elite dumbassery
Wasn't even to the ref wtf
Judon is gone 🦀🦀
I wish we could cut Judon. He is such a fucking liability and I actually can't stand him.
Judon was carrying Johnson away and was to pulled to ground. He wasn't swinging at the ref. Someone was restricting his arm but he has to chill.
Judon and giving free drives to an offense. Name me a more prolific duo.
"Maybe a weak call, maybe a bit of flop by the ref, but you just can’t touch the refs. That’s practically automatic."
Although Judon shouldn't be fighting with coaches/teammates. He's gone from here. He's done.
Campbell makes the ball look like a lemon
Steelers fans: hE pUnChEd A rEf RaVeNs ShOuLd FoRfEiT
I’m sorry but I love our chippyness. FUCK THE STEELERS
There Ben has fumbled now too we just didn't get the bounce.
Steelers offense looking like doo doo out there.
Earl Thomas who?
Steelers offense is looking lost today
"See that steelers, no defensive linemen throwing their bodies around for no reason."
i really wish there was more duvernay
I’m not hating that Board dude
This game is giving me heart palpitations
I smell a very long jk dobbins run upcoming
Judon is losing lots of money this season. His on field production hasn’t been there
This game is classic ravens steelers
why is ben always hurt
Oh man Bens elbow being looked at. I’d kill to see the boys fuck Rudolph up again
Gus and JK both over 100 today!
Really like to see us hold onto the ball till the half
What. The. Fuck. Lamar.
Yikes that fumble scared the shit out of me
Lamar you are scaring me
Lamar looking at the camera “psyche”
I didnt realize it was that slickery
Is justice hill active?
"Lamar is giving me heartache 

Fucking wet ball"
waste the clock and at least score 3 is a perfect ending to the half
"Let’s make it a two scorer before ht, please"
Lamar fumbling madden 20 style
[[Twitter video] We've got a jumbotron proposal folks! Congrats to the happy couple 💜 - @Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens/status/1322982603755081728)
Thank fuck
Incomplete
"&#x200B;

Lamar you good bro?"
No int but that was horrible throw lamar
That’s incomplete foh
"nope, don't like that"
"Not a pick.

But still, come the fuck on, man."
Ahh another Devin Bush dropped INT they'll give them
Can't use the ground to secure.  Period
Lamar just seems to be playing with a lack of confidence this year...idk
"it may get called back but... idk. 

lamar doesn't want to protect the ball today."
That was to Boykin right?
Now we run the damn ball
Grind the fucking win out. Nothing sexy. Make it gross
Great play by the defender. Poor pass. Not great job by the receiver to block out the defender.
They need to make lamar carry a football around at all times and try to strip him randomly
"Phew, I thought the refs were going to screw us again."
"GUYS THE STEELERS ARE A GOOD DEFENSE, WE ARE FINE"
"Huge conversion by Lamar.

I don't care how iNjUrEd Ben is or how bad their offense has looked all game. You put them in one-minute drill and they will get points. Well done by us."
I love seeing Willie Snead talk shit to Steelers players haha
Gonna be real I don’t see Mark getting many carries for the rest of the year
Damn we might get 3 points or more out of this drive.
Ray Rice Jr
"Good play, don't force it"
Superstar Lamar starting to catch fire mane
"Pass was low, Andrews slipped.  Bad combination."
Gotta make that pass but gotta have more time ...
Why the F do you call a timeout right there
"Lol, these refs are crazy sometimes xD"
#LOVE TUCKER
Tuck is the man
51 yards? No problem!
Good hard earned field goal
Tucker GOAT
The Goat🐐
SO MONEY! TUCKER FOR MVP.
Tucker you GOD
Tuck is just next level good.
God I love that man JT
Hey Romo can we finally stop the charade about Tucker not being the goat
G. O. A. T. 🐐
Roman I know we say to run the ball but I mean come on don't gotta scare us like that with no timeouts lol
JK and Snead carrying us today
"He had another 15-20 yards in the kick, my god"
"Guys, I loved how it turned after Stanley’s injury; the ground first game is back!"
"Love you Tucker. This will be a game of inches. Gotta outplay Pittsburgh in the second half, they will be coming."
ALMOST AUTOMATIC
"""almost automatic"" shut up nantz"
"Their offense can't fucking score on us!  This should be a half time shut out right now!  

#FUCK THE STEELERS!!!"
Autotucker
Dobbins with 69 rushing yards in the 1st half.
LFG do it for Ronnie
Tf?  They didn't show lamars pass td to Boykin on the first Highlight reel?  Weak
Happy to be on top at this point in the game. Just need to go out in the second half and keep pounding that rock.
There might be some hope for Stanley since it's an ankle not a knee. Pray to the football gods
"First couple drives had some rough calls but overall Greg is calling a great game. Pleasantly surprised, I was hardcore doomerposting early on because I was terrified he'd try to have Lamar throw the ball 45 times again. 

Been bad all year but today hes been great. pls keep this up Roman."
"I think pitt is gonna stack the box hard and sell out on the run, gonna need some good adjustements from g-ro"
Wayyyy to much time
Bowser playing well this year
Jimmy smith goat veteran
ben penalty hunting
Idk if it was a penalty but they owe us a couple
Squeelers looking for a flag
Made up for the other one
I’ll take that makeup call for that BS call on Peters
Steelers can't just cry their way to yards. Prove you can beat a guy then they should throw flags.
Shut the fuck up Romo
Judon is ejected and...nothing changes. Judon to the Jets at the end of the season
Goddamnit...
I really don't get it.
Run the ball
Run the fucking ball Roman
RUN THE FUCKING BALL ON 1ST DOWN
Wow...
Jesus
Jesus Lamar you suck throwing the ball today.
Wtf are you laughing on the sidelines for?
I mean we literally have a plan that's working. And we absolutely have to get away from it. Why?
AGAIN A FUCKING DUMB THROW
Inside our own 20 with a shaky quarterback? THROW THE BALL
"Good lord, Lamar"
WHY
Lamar is too reckless
"""why are we throwin the football"" FUCKING EXACTLY. DAMNIT ROMAN"
Well that was sickening
Honestly it’s really surprising we’re even in the lead still and the Stanley loss just puts the cherry on top. It’s going to be a miracle from god if we come out with a win
Both TDs have been Lamar's fault
Madden curse
Just run every play. No need to pass it and get intercepted every drive
Lamar ia killing us
Lamar is absolutely killing us. Run the ball the rest of the day.
Our offense is the Steelers offense
Honest to got that may be his worst pass of his career
Steelers cannot produce until Lamar throws picks at the start of drives. Unfortunately that is happening too much
And just like that it went from feeling like we were up by 20 to being down by 10.
I wanna see less than 5 pass attempts for the rest of this entire fucking game
"Lamar bby, what the fuck"
Even with the line injuries this is a pathetic showing by lamar with 2 weeks preparation
Steelers can’t wait until we get the ball back. FUCK!
Just get back to pounding the rock and we good
Stop wasting our time with a fucking extra point holy shit
We need to score again. A nice long drive
"Feel like this is going to be another defensive win and Lamar gets bailed out again, or it’s all put on the D in some 4th Q play and they can’t make it happen, because no matter how good they are, it’s likely they’ll make one mistake if they’re out there for ages. 

Lamar needs to get his act together"
"For the Americans, even the UK broadcast team have no idea why they’re passing the ball"
"The Steelers had under 100 yards of total offense before that pick. Goddammit, how is this team going full 2016?"
Fluker looked hurt there...
Need another turn over
That Chris Moore handshake was jokes lmao
Prosche was wide open after a sensational route on that last 3rd down
When's the last time we took a deep shot? Certainly not during this game.
I hate this
Refball
wow we're gonna lose lol
This is why you go deep. But we don't.
Bullshit dpi
This game is giving me ptsd
"Yo Wink, can we call man to man? PLEASE?"
Defense needs a sack or a turnover to stop Pitts momentum
FUCKING BULLSHIT. COME ON RAVENS. WTF
Sack Daddy!
Fucking embarrassing
Pick six...please
Ferguson winning me over these past couple of games
We knew they'd target queen
Ferguson matched Judon's seasons production this drive alone.
The great unraveling
Oh boy now we get to do the thing this team loves the most; playing from behind!
Lamar will pass every down now since they are now down
I....have no words.
Alright Lamar redemption time
The quarter from hell
Ugh I’m so sick of baker mayfield and his stupid commercials
Defense is so good in the first half again and doo doo in second
"every


single


one of us knows what roman is going to do now"
Jaylon Ferguson to me has been the most improved player this year on the entire roster. He always had all the physical tools so glad to see him producing a lot more
"Every time I watch, ravens lose. So guess I know what I must do for a W 🙏🏻"
This is going to be an ugly game and I am not happy
This game is basically the Ravens against themselves.  Aside from that drive the Steelers haven’t even been playing in this game.
Our vertical passing game has disappeared
Greg Roman special incoming.
got lucky
Bad playcall but why the spin move there?
I saw that fumble coming. Tell me why this happens
Hold the fucking ball
Saw that fumble coming too
How do guys not know that people are behind them? lol
Jesus Christ
HOLD ON TO THE BALL
can we hang on to the damn ball please fellas
lamar is having a tough game
Smh llama that was almost another turnover
Wtf are these play calls
Having to bring in two back up o-linemen this game is really hurting us
3rd and 8 and you call a read option
[deleted]
FUCK YOU GREG ROMAN. NO WONDER BUFFALO DUMPED YOUR ASS.
How the fuck is Watt in the backfield that early
Why on earth are we leaving TJ Watt unblocked? Are we stupid?
Why is Watt constantly unblocked
My mood and my balls are blue
Play calling and execution is killing us here.
I feel the exact way when you’d watch joe throw it short of the sticks on third down. You just know 3rd downs are unlikely to hit.
Lamar is holding it way too long on literally every pass play
at this point I can just lose the cider part of this bourbon and cider
"well... at least lamar didn't turn the ball over on that drive. 

Andrews tried to but to no avail.

Defense gotta save us."
"Why is Lamar playing scared? We just refuse to even attempt to air it out and won't take any shots with guys who are 1 on 1. 

Maybe if Dez plays well he can change that and get him comfortable with throwing it up on those plays"
tennessee fucking sucks
Defense do that thing where you bail Lamar out
Get Roman tf up out of here
"The good thing is that Lamar's contract gets a little smaller everytime he throws the ball, so it won't even close to a mahomes style contract by the end of the year"
These injuries have killed an already lackluster o-line. Lamar hasn’t played well but he’s under pressure immediately
Good fucking stop. Offense DO SOMETHING
I fear EDC is gonna overload our defense and completely ignore the offense...the only flaw Ozzie had really
"I don’t understand it, Lamar read defenses so good last year but suddenly can’t this year?"
I wonder which Greg Roman  and Lamar Jackson we get this drive
Can we flip Judon for a WR? Offense needs help.
C'mon offense. Defense bailed you out. Let's fucking go
Dalvin cook has 150 rushing yards and a 50 yard td catch
Fuck this o line
Lamar just looked scared on that play.
WTF was that on Lamars arm?
what the fuck are we doing on offense lmao
this playcalling is disgusting
Jfc this is brutal
"Why does Lamar's expression look so fucking confused. You're getting tacked because you refuse to throw the ball, my dude."
"Dude fuck our play calling, and fuck oline injuries"
"Handing the sacks for free, and spotted PIT 14 pts."
It’s going to be easier to contain this run when they know we just can’t pass for shit.
Steelers secondary is not good. Someone is open.
He had time. Ran into the pressure
Maybe we should have no line. Defenders get to the backfield at the same pace but Lamar has more room to run.
"3 and out > turnvoer here.

Just like old times tbh"
"Either no one is open, or Lamar can’t see the field.  He had more than enough time there to get a throw off. Have to know against the Steelers you have a certain amount of time"
#YESSS DUVERNAY I LOVE THIS GUY
"DUVERNAY ALL DAY

get that kid more involved"
DUVERNAY
Finally!!
He has to be able to do that consistently  to win a SB
Duvernay is a fucking badass and we need to play him more.
LMAO then immediately follow with a loss of 2
"Are you shitting me. He failed to hold. He tried, but he fucking whiffed"
FUCK THAT FUCKING FLAG!!!!
Holy fuck this has been a one-sided game by the refs.
FUCK
thats fucking bullshit
How the fuck was that a hold?
"36 run plays, 23 passes but people are complaining  that roman isn’t calling enough run plays."
That just wasn’t holding
Skura has had a rough time coming back from the injury.
Let’s GOOOOO get that momentum
Ayy lmao fuck these refs
Thank you snead for having some balls and jawing those fucks.
":( FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK.

Many maybe that'll give lamar some confidence though"
Fuck these refs
That's literally not holding...
Pissed even if we get a TD here there literally wasn’t a hold on that call
That hold was so fucking weak
Yo this game is fucked I never seen shit like this before fuck these refs
I thought the refs were going away from picky calls. I thought the league wanted to reduce those calls...
ravens can never get some ref favor
Right knee was in no?
Bro that’s a touchdown and a half. That knee is so down.
Think it’s to close change it
"Wait, that's a td. That last replay, it's close but that right knee is down before left toes touch out of bounds."
Knee was in but it’s not enough to change
Too close to call. It'll stand. Looks out to me though.
Knee is down the visible evidence is on the turf lmao
His knee tapped down slightly before he was out that’s a TD but refs aren’t gonna change it knowing how they operate
They could literally call that holding every play and they wait until they see Lamar hitting his head on the goalpost to.
Kinda fucked u don't call something that close a TD and review instead of making us use a challenge
I’ll be shocked if the refs give this to us.
First int was roughing the passer too fuck the refs
Need 6 man
"So close, but fuck it. LETS SCORE HERE!

&#x200B;

EDIT: HOLLYWOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!"
"That blonde female voter on the 60 minutes ad could get it, damn. Lol."
DOESNT FUCKING MATTER BABY
"Great strike there, Lamar. Love that throw."
I might cry
After scoring three times FINALLY
Asshole refs
The refs really think they can take shit from us and we won’t get it right back. Lol
Suck it easy Lamar hatersssss
Great job by Hollywood finding the soft spot in the zone
Finally got in there!
Great drive.
Finally offense picks it up. Let’s go!!!!!
Hollywood still gets his TD
No lie I was mad worried we'd fuck the pass up
I don't understand why we don't roll out more.
Good get Brown his TD.
Lamar gave that Steelers bench a long look after that TD
How about a fucking defensive score and just twist the knife.
We still gonna win boys BELEE DAT
Damn refs tried so hard to stop that one too.
I’m so sorry for doubting you lamar. Let’s go! 🙏
So does Lamar get the blame of the game still?
3 touchdowns there on that drive. Give us 21 bitches.
We are just so much better. Anyone can tell by just watching. I don’t know why this is so hard and stressing
My friend is in California and I asked him if he’s ever seen HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDD
I swear the refs are tryna fuck us on every play
BONDS WTF
Refs want to throw a flag so bad. Fucking pathetic.
The fuck was that 38? Who even are you?
Who the hell is bonds and why is he playing? Dude just straight up stopped playing in the middle of a catch.
"Defense is hot offense sucks, Offense wakes up, defense falls asleep. Good ole Ravens football"
cut 38
Have the Steelers had a holding penalty or DPI all game?
Is 38 a fan who snuck in? Holy crap.
WHO IS NUMBER 38
I’m feelin a Marlon punch coming...
Agent Bond(s) the steelers undercover agent
Flag after flag
These. MF. Refs.
This is brutal
HOW IS IT PI EVERY TIME???? What the fuck happened to holding or illegal contact?
Can the Steelers please move the ball with out the refs' help?
How the fuck is that PI? Why are the refs so god damn biased
I love having over 100 yards in penalties
Dude the refs are literally fucking full of shit.
FUCK. THESE. REFS
These fucking penalties. Holy shit.
For reals? Come on
"9 penalties and 3 turnovers, what the fuck"
These refs can suck my dick
We just fuck ourselves. So many penalties. Defense looks legit one half then absent the 2nd. Like come on guys
Time for a fruit punch
ticky tack fouls man
Pathetic defense right there
These pick plays are getting out of control in the NFL
We need a good long game winning drive to chew clock and get that W but with these refs fucking us over every chance they get I doubt we’ll get past the 50yd line
"Defense got cooked, horrible series"
It’s just a matter of running the clock down and scoring. We got this. Just gotta belee.
I'm about the rip every follicle of my hair out. This game has pissed me off passed my limit
The hometown calls will start kicking in for us one day like they do for every other team in the NFL.
All of these refs deserve to hit the unemployment line. How is it possible to be this bad and still keep a job?
Cold War looks sick af. Pretty hard to fuck up a return to that era when BO1 is one of the most loved games in the series. COD 4 - BO2 was absolutely the peak of the series
JK is the real deal
browns lost to the raiders LMAOOOOOOOOO
Keep running
THE WHEELS ON THE BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
Why ever throw the ball again?
Letting Gus leave would be a mistake idc
Dobbins is fucking nuts.
That option was gorgeous
Future all pro imo
Honestly we should coach our WRs to commit OPI on every passing play. The refs consistently call them on the defense regardless.
Keep doing this and stun them with a pass if needed.
Keep running that motherfucker. Pitt is on their heels
Dobbins going off!
If Greg calls a goddamn throw at this point I will March to Baltimore's front office and protest until he's fired
Wish we would take a play out of KC's book and get Andrews out in the slot like they use Kelce
This is what we should have been doing all game...
Wheres the people who were arguing against the fact that Ingram is our 3rd best RB?
"Fake injury to give his defense a rest, FUCK OFF"
"Even if we lose this game, going forward DOBBINS NEEDS MORE CARRIES. HE IS AMAZING"
Sad but Ingram needs to not get many snaps anymore
This game has all but cemented Ingram getting cut in the off-season.
"Bro, this option is beautiful when they go straight at Lamar every play."
Dobbins has such a knack for staying on his feet
Now they’re faking injuries. Thug team
Let’s slow it down a little. Use they clock. Don’t want to give them back the ball with too much time.
"Not only are we good at running, this team loves to run. Look at that effort on the blocks by all 10"
Absolutely need a TD here. A FG would be futile at this point
Gus and JK looking great today.
"man i love dobbins, he's a worthy successor to ingram"
Heart attack time
This is the game here.
I hope they have something wicked dialed up.
"Blame of the game: Jackson
Player of the game: running backs"
Greg Roman loves his 4 man verticals in the red zone
If we throw it i. Going to jump out my eindow
"We got this, man. Let's go"
I’m ready to get hurt
Terrible clock management. Romo was right.
I say go right back to the speed option with lamar and JK
Truss baby!! Let's gooooo everyone fingers crossed we get this 4th
"The penalties have ruined this game for me... I really hope we can still pull this off, but damn the refs have sucked the life out of this game"
Terrible play wow.
There’s the fucking game
Didn't deserve this game
Why the fuck was it an empty back designed run?
That’s the fucking game
DREADFUL PLAY CALL
another loss on Lamar
Whoever the refs are for this game better never have another ravens game.
He fumbled anyway smh
What a shit playcall
Another fumble by Lamar. Not that it matters.
OH MY GOD HOW COME WE DIDN'T USE DOBBINS!?!?
WHAT WAS THAT?!?!?!
Fuck you Greg Roman
5 wide... why
Yes. Running backs been eating. Lets make the qb run up the middle.
Wooooooow Greg fucked it big time.
"5-wide empty and WHO DID NOT EXPECT QB DRAW? Laughing at these bandwagoners fans now all of a sudden calling for Romans head :'D Ice up people, ice up"
Qb running it should be a bail out and not a play smh.
"The contrast to last year is insane. I wouldn't even have been worried about that fourth down last year. This year, I'm confident we *wont* make it."
I’m shocked that the refs haven’t thrown a random flag yet
"Thats a difficult play to cover, nice tackle by peters though."
What a play Defense!!!!
"Last chance, boys... 

&#x200B;

BIG TRUSS!\~"
Damn he got ROCKED
HOW ARE WE STILL IN THIS GAME
Duvernay I need you
I'm not hopeful but I'm still here Lamarao
If we pull this off......I would be so happy
"If we lost this game, that's still a clutch stop from our D."
honestly can we give it to duvernay so he can run it downfield fast AF
Let's see if Lamar has it in him to put it all behind him and comeback to win with no timeouts.
[deleted]
"Questionable play calling aside, you can't discount stupid penalties and awful turnovers. 

Lamar went from fearless to reckless."
"Need chunk plays?  Naw, lets throw it middle field short."
This o-line won't let a comeback happen
"Lamar is torture, Lamar is life."
Hayward can fuck out of here
If he is injure why not stopping the clock?????
Either time needs to be back on the clock or a penalty.
"oh fuck, OH FUCK."
Offside PIT
Wtf there should be more time
Refs didn't put any time back on the clock
why didn't we get more time on the clock????
WOOPHTIE FUCKING DOO FUCKING REF BALL
Never mind
Refs fucked us
Lamar woulda clutched that if Roman could call plays
"No matter the outcome, too many fucking injuries this game"
Refs need fired
Fuck these refs to end of the game.
Damn that was a good throw. Better defense
Good game boys. I still loves this team. We played well despite
"Well at least it was close as fuck, not like some other games where we just lose it in the second half. Can continue to tweak a few things."
Pain.
If the player doesnt get up due to an injury after the 2 minute warning the defense gets charged a timeout and I would assume that timeout would be in effect once the player doesnt get up I disnt look it up but I remember when the rule got put in place because all the players were flopping
[removed]
How the fuck do people like Romo?  Just STFU already.  You don't have to talk the entire fucking game.
"So some take aways from the game:

- Fuck the Steelers 

-Fuck the refs

-Lamar kept the Steelers in the game

-Snead is somehow clutch af in those long passes

- We need to let Dobbins eat

- Those RPO’s were fucking glorious

- The O-Line is fucked

If anyone wants to add feel free"
Fuck TJ and Fuck The Steelers
"Can’t wait to see that fat fucking rapist walrus get barley hit, roll around on the field like he just had both his legs blown off"
That could have gone better.
If they hit Lamar after he hands it off that needs to be called
I hope Phillips is ok but im ngl iv been wanting Fluker to start for awhile
FUCK TJ WATT
Show us a replay of a Steeler Dline doing some dirty shit already
He’s out for the year that was the ankle
“Here’s your well deserved extension.” Then he gets rolled up by who else TJ Watt. Fuck man
Leading with the helmet?
That's a fucking penalty.
Fuck off Judon you stupid fuck
Lamar WTH LOL
"Lamar really, really needs to get it together. I know it's a rough game but outside of short runs and passes he has looked extremely shaky."
Lamar making some Flacco decisions
"2 ints, could have been 4. Possibly the worst game of Lamar's career, its unfortunate he never has one of these TERRIBLE games in a completely meaningless matchup. It's always the playoffs or in big games that will impact playoff seeding."
"Man... this is a bad game from Lamar. We’re still up by 3 and Lamar is playing maybe one of the worst games of his career.

That doesn’t mean he’s terrible or he sucks etc. it’s just a bad game today from him."
"Lamar is great, he just makes awful decisions. Seems that other QBs mature and don’t make these mistakes. I’m worried about him"
Why are we blaming Greg Roman for Lamar throwing a 4 yard duck asking to get picked..
Lamar is struggling. But it is one of the best defenses in the league and he isn't getting much help from his line or receivers. Everyone on offense needs to be better.
I don't understand why people are blaming Greg Roman when Lamar just lofted that pass for no reason. Unless we are just mad every time we don't call a run play
I need to stop coming into these game threads.
Everyone acts like the refs are out to get us. I mean bad calls are bad calls but come on no one is out to get us
Dobbins is a stud. Can’t believe I was nervous when we drafted him.
Yeah I’m fully on the fire Roman train now
This is a masterclass in what not to do holy shit
So hes offside?
That's offside
"Blaming Watt is stupid, that was just football. Now Mekari missed his block"
Harbaugh needs to put his ego aside and play powers. Mekuri has been as bad as hurst was. Powers has been much better in limited action. I don't care what is going on at practice. This is the shit that almost stopped bryant mckinney from playing
"Did you guys see TJ yelling at the coach on the sidelines? He said ""I tried diving at his legs again damnit"""
Y'all lose faith too fast. We are winning this game
In comes the crowd that says any criticism is being a fair weather bandwagon fan
"Regardless of the outcome, at least I won't see Trump commercials next week."
Getting close to turning this game off with all these Trump ads. Definitely no more football today for me after this game ends either way since we're apparently getting one every break.
Great game guys. See you on Thanksgiving
Hey Romo shut the fuck up about contracts when someone is injured
"Attention racists from Dundalk: 

Trace McSorely is not replacing reigning NFL MVP Lamar Jackson"
FUCK TRUMP.
This board still amazes me at how fast they flip on this team.
Karma coming for TJ watt
this is one of the worst games I've ever seen any QB have let alone   Jackson
"My contribution in preparation is in my PC today. Lights on motherboard are purple and gold, video card I have rotating between them, and CPU cooler I have logo fading in and out purple and gold and found a new circle options called wings set to our purple. 

I have done all I can. 

Fuck the Steelers."
Pittsburgh’s D is playing a bit dirty forreal
That was one of the best corner routes lamar has ever thrown
That drive was huge. Coming back from that pick 6 and putting the ball on the spot on 3rd and goal. Joe Cool status.
Peters owed us that for the penalty lol
For real fuck TJ Watt
Play calling in the red zone is ass today
Lamar just seems to be taking 1-2 seconds too long this season to make decision. Definitely the biggest thing he needs to work on.
I'm tired of Roman calling stupid bs passing plays when the Ravens have so much momentum running the football. WTF?
Lamar is trying to play hero ball because he doesn’t trust his weapons whatsoever
I am not a young man any more.  They need to give me a big lead.
Fucking TJ WATT
Bruh fuck Watt. Dude is so extra. Already had multiple questionable late hits on Lamar in this game
"If that is as bad as it looks, stanley won't be back to full health until 2022. 

He'll play in 2021 but won't be himself.

Speedy recovery, Ronnie."
I blame Roman. What a dead play from before the snap. Put your players in position to score not get injured you fuck.
Is roughing the passer still a call they make ever?
No way this team beats the Steelers x2 or the Titans playing like this with this OL.
I don’t understand how the Steelers are top of the division. They have not looked good at all today
How is that not a hit to the head???
Ingram should not be the starter anymore.
fuck this dirty ass team bro
We're better without Judon. Change my mind
"""Body built by fuckin idiot"" 



💀"
"Oh shit hope Ben is okay. If nothing else, we gotta get more sacks on him"
I wouldn’t blame Lamar for that tbh he just ran it and tried to palm the ball when it’s wet outside
Lots of trolls in the thread y’all watch out
I would like to apologize. The Ravens paid me to cut the grass but I misheard them and dropped grease all over the field. That's why everyone is slipping around.
People forget Lamar is young against a stout pass rush with no line and marquise brown is his best receiver you guys act like he has jerry rice and our 2012 offense line
"Did we learn nothing from the last drive? Keep it on the ground. 

Lamar is not himself today. Carrying the ball with one hand. C'mon dude."
Lamar fucking sucks at throwing the ball this season. Just not way around it
Lamar is literally costing us the game.
"Lamar is having a lot of mistakes today.

Remember we’re still up rn and it doesn’t mean he’s terrible or this seasons a wash. Let’s keep it within this game. We can still win today obviously"
I’m really disappointed coming out of the bye like this
We must Belee still
What’s concerning is that our #1 receiver hasn’t had a single catch. Correct me if I’m wrong.
Ref ball
"We honestly don't deserve a dub, we're gettingin our own way"
*chuckles* we're in danger
Lamar is losing us the game gave them 14 points so far gotta get his shit together
"Lamar’s performance today is even mpre concerning considering he hasn’t really played very well all year. It’s not just 1 game for him, it’s several games where he has looked bad."
Lamar is looking a lot like 2018 Lamar. Good at running but bad awareness leading to fumbles and picks. I hope he can turn it around
We got competent Greg on play one and crazy Greg play two it seems
[deleted]
Lamar is a straight killer. It should never even be a discussion whether we keep him or not.
We have triple the penalties for more than triple the yards. We are owed a nice soft defensive PI
"I swear we are hated by everyone not from Baltimore. Penalties almost always skew against us even in clean games. 

I do not believe we are doing anything different. There are so many horrible egregious penalties that happen in other games and yet we always seem to suffer from ticky tacky bullshit calls, like in the eagles game against Peters. Just seriously pisses me off."
What shit clock management
This is the game here my dudes
#FIRE GREG ROMAN
"Terrible playcalling by roman at the end.

The loss will be on lamar though if it happens."
Lamar was an absolute joke today. Point blank. Lost us this game for sure. RBs and D are the only reason it was close.
That was so close that my heart hurts.
This was a masterpiece by the refs
Seems like a penalty
PI??????
"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk)

&#x200B;

30 seconds in. Boykin was WIDE OPEN. Lamar needs to start looking outside!"
Cardinals fan here. FUCK the Steelers! Let’s go baby
"IDGAF ABOUT A PENALTY, CAN WE TAKE SOME HIT AT TJ WATT, HES BEEN TARGETING LJ8 AND NOT GETTING SOME FOULS CALLED"
Jackson what the fuck was that throw!? That is almost a guaranteed interception. Just take the sack
judon did nothing wrong
Lamar Jackson is singlehandedly keeping Pittsburgh in this game. There is no one else.
Ok lets say it now we are 7 games in and Lamar is playing like trash this season
Flacco not looking good today.
Why the f does Lamar play bad EVERY time in the really big games? Is he bad and the design works to beat lesser teams or whats up?
2nd year in a row we’ve had to play the Steelers and the Refs on the same Sunday
Stop with the fucking political comments and let's fucking talk about football god damn 😂😂😂 also who tf is jay Balvin
[removed]
"And again, Lamar can't lead us to a comeback in a game he single handedly created the defecit."
"Literally all that happened so fast... No added time and then blatant personal foul on that last play. Very confusing officiating. On a side note, Lamar needs work. He does need help yes but you could give him an all star cast and but with the way he's playing this year it wouldn't matter his accuracy is below average. He has flashes but overall has been lack luster. If he wants to get paid like Russ or Deshaun he needs to perform better IMO"
Get an absolute fucking grip if you think that's intentional. Holy shit.
I did not bet enough for Steelers win to calm myself
"For Baltimore, and Maryland! We will fight on to victory!!

FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT"
"My good friend won the lottery, got seats right behind the Ravens bench.  He has promised me a victory today.

Go Ravens!"
"For the love of god, please challenge the Steelers WRs near the LOS and limit the short passing game"
Can it please be 1 pm already?!
Listening to “go to sleep” by Eminem Ft. DMX to get pumped up
I'm nervous af
Well im gonna spend this game not sober because the stress is gonna kill me otherwise
When was the last time we got Romo? Holy shit
I love Romo
W
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
DrOP THEIR ASS
Harbaugh with the camo MD flag mask 🔥
I am usually against violence but I’d be ok with any ravens fan that sold their tickets to a steelers fan get the shit kicked out of them and have their season tickets revoked. 4K people lucky enough to get tickets and you treasonous bastards sell?
"Up at 5am in Australia like I am every week.

Normally, I need an alarm to get me up for Ravens games. Not this week - I could barely sleep.

LET'S GO."
"it's 5am here, and I am fucking ready. Let's do this."
"Let's fucking do this, Ravens."
*Ass*
Burning a wicker man to curse big ben today fuck that bitch
"Hey everyone, just started watching football, is this a big game"
Time to temporarily replace my election anxiety with Ravens/Steelers anxiety!
Bruh wtf
RUN. THE. BALL.
Run the ball down their fucking throats.
Dumb throw lmao
Jesus Christ. Lamar worse than his rookie year
he was open for like 3-4 seconds he waited way too long
Fuck.
Lamar got baited badly.
FFS Lamar
How is that not a late hit though?
That was..really bad
"We've come back from shit starts before, we can do it again. We'll get the ball back."
Can we start this game over
Worst possible start
"They get the ball in the second half, Christ"
"Roughing the passer isn’t a penalty today, I guess"
What about roughing the passer?
I miss Yanda and Hurst so much lol.
aight lets feed gus
Haha man we just saving the run for a play off run 🤣
"Had two weeks to prepare, Steelers coming off a emotional game, and that’s what our first 3 plays look like. Cool cool cool good good"
"Gus Edwards doing well so far, I'd keep running it tbh"
That boy got ice in his vein with that throw 🥶
Throw Minka out.  Shoved ref.
"I want to see Lamar run to run, he was setting up to pass there and he could have made a play for a forst down if he wasn't jogging the whole way."
Already y’all saying there’s a lot of time and we’re 5-1 so we shouldn’t complain. Eagles seriously shouldn’t have had a chance last week
Lamar really needs to learn how to throw the ball away when defenders have him beat
"Yo GREG, call some outside runs, Steelers blitz the middle every down..."
Maybe it is
So they’re just allowed to hit Lamar on every play? Didn’t know that was a rule
Wtf heyward! Minkah was fine actually but jeez
Anyone else just see the end jump early?
This offense has been mediocre all season and it’s not gonna change face the facts
so we're starting where we left off in philly?
Good to see that the Ravens are still messing up their formations.  Frustrating.
Willie really be the goat
Damn Snead slow haha
needed that
Great job by Snead on getting open after 41 tripped
Nice
Wow Snead got caught by a LB LOL
Great play but man I thought Snead was faster than that
Bench Phillips I’m tired
Hot mic lol
Why does Greg Roman still have a job
Touchdown Ravens!!!!    🏈🏈🏈
Boykin feelin that heat from Dez!
#BIG BOYKIN NO LIL BOYKIN
Lol where the Boykin haters at
Miles!
Perfect
YES!
🧊 🎯
"Dang Lamar got it out fast there, just gotta stay cool under pressure"
Boykin stepping up thank god
"Great recovery drive there, though kind of saved by the late hit. Now don't make any more mistakes for the rest of the game."
Ya’ll can say whatever you want. I think Boykin will be good for us for a long time.
What a throw babyyy
That pick 6 happened early enough we can just forget it ever happened
Great response
Time to see Yannick!!!
Couple of nice catches by Boykin this drive
"Did Dez already teach Boykin how to run routes and catch, this week.  Definitely worth the money!"
WE AINT BACKIN DOWN
Friendship ended with not liking boykin. Now liking boykin is my best friend
Yannick and Campbell combining for 5 sacks today
"Gotta love r/Steelers. The victim hood over that drive "" iTs Da ReFs"""
Dez showing up seems to have awakened Boykin!? Boys pumped!
Now time to see how the D is going be today
if we had settled for a fg there I would have been so stressed
Romo full stiffie right now
Please D knock that fat piece of shit on his ass
That roughing call was legit. Lamar was already wrapped up with his momentum clearly taking him out of bounds and heyward laid a lick on him so stfu.
That was a great drive by Lamar and the offense. Now let’s go D
r/nfl is pure yinzer tears today so fuck that noise im coming back here.
IT'S A RAVENS TRADEMARKED DROP BY EBRON!!
Man Ben threw that so hard he nearly knocked him over
Learn to catch you fucking steeler bitches.
That was uncatchable
makeup call
LET'S GOOOOOOO RAVENS!!!
Lol now they can’t stop bitching about refs
Ben hasnt seen this defense since 2018.... we winning this.
"Damn, just realized this is the first game against Ben, without Suggs, Lewis, or Reed on the team"
"Seattle bro here, wtf was that call???"
FUCKING UNCATCHABLE!!!!! Come on. Call a hold of you want but that's BS.
What was the PI LOL
Please Lord.
WHERE THE FUCK IS FOUL
Lmao fuck you Pittsburgh
Bad call for bad call love to see it
I LOVE OUR DEFENSE BRO
RAVENS BALL!!!!
What a bounce back play
LETS GOOOOOOO
BALL DOESNT FUCKING LIE
HUMPHREY'S NOT THE ONLY CORNER WHO CAN FORCE FUMBLES
FUCK YEAH!
BALL DONT LIE
MY SECONDARY IS RELENTLESS!!!!
Marcus!!!!! RAVENS STEELERS IS BACK BABY
FUCK THE STEELERS!
YàAaaaaaaaaasszs
Let these mofos play
Fuck yeah MP juiceman!!!
LFG!!!
Go Marcus!
FOOTBALL GODS WITH THE INSTANT KARMA BITCH
"MP PUNCHMAN

HUMPHREY PICK INBOUND"
Wow marlo is giving juiceman some tips and tricks
"It may have been a mental error on my part to start Claypool in fantasy... Ah well, fuck the Steelers!"
Interceptions are Overrated. Who needs them when your CBS cause Fumbles?
HAHAHAHA GET PUNCHED BITCH🥊
Let's go Petersssss
WELCOME TO BALTIMORE CLAYPOOL
MP JUICEMAN
Rollercoaster of emotions so far... another Bal Pit game. Let’s do this!!
"Steelers receivers and getting stripped by a Ravens CB, name a better duo"
Mp got revenge for that pi call
Fuck yes.
Ball don’t lie. Fuck the Refs.
Lmao Peters said fuck the refs
JUUUIIIICCCCEEEEEE
But guys I thought the game was over?
Ball don’t lie bitch
Juice man 🧃
Put a dagger in their hearts now please.
during the commercials just wanna say fuck the steelers and this is the greatest rivalry in football
This is the longest quarter ever
Fuck the steelers so much
#JK YOU FRICCIN MORON
Holy shit it’s almost like if we’re a run-centric offense we’re way more of a threat. Stonks.
Dobbins best balance in the league.
Mark Andrews with the fat ass block
Romo always sounds like he just woke up lmao
He needs more touches hes electric and the hand in the turf he looks just like Rice
"Boyle, Andrews, and Boykin with elite downfield blocking"
Wtf dude
Bad job by Lamar should have felt dupree
I FUCKING HATE THIS
Fuck we really needed points there. Lamar has to stop trying to force shit.
Killed that drive with Lamar run and then pass 🤦‍♂️
Why not keep running the ball
Lamar held it too long damn. What a crazy game already
It’s gonna be one of those games today huh
Drank some more
God damn dude
Common son
Why would you not run?
RUN RUN RUN
What a sloppy fucking game
Beyond pissed rn
"He should’ve taken off, he was already past the D linemen"
I’ve officially set fuck more times in the first quarter than I have ever before.
Goddammit
"Steelers d lineman are dirty as fuck, 96 just casually tackling lamar and falling on his legs"
You should know you xant hold the ball that long especially against that D wtf
We need a good OL to make Lamar feel comfortable. We have 0 push or pull in the Right side
"Ahh, I almost forgot what ravens steelers matchups were like. What a roller coaster"
O line is trash right now. Lamar needs to step it up and we need to just run the fucking ball when it’s 2nd and goal
Ngakue first sack as a raven and first safety incoming.
This is a classic purely better defense today wins
you gotta have better awareness Lamar
i mean he literally hit his arm before he hit the ball
Did lamar think bud dupree would just disappear after he juked him?
"I think I'm drunk already. That George Dickel... He'll getcha. 

Oh yeah, and this game is driving me to multiple refills."
They didn’t even get that off in time lol
"Our D is fired up man, I love it"
Open field tackles best tackles
"See how Steelers take shots? Even if it doesn’t work, it keeps our defence honest snd from being overly aggressive. We need to do that. There is none of that"
January football in November. Let's gooo
They can not move the ball on us
Believe in our defense
Looks like we're playing against the refs today too
Ref fucking us HARD on that spot
These refs trying to hand the squeelers everything right now
I fucking love Lamar lol
Tj fell flat on your face you bitch
NO FUCK
That play fake was shit though
Not like this
No Stanley fuck
Ah mega fuck this shit.
JFC.
PLEASE SAY SIKE
STANLEY FUCK NOO PLEASE
Fuck
FUCK NO FUCK FUCK
Well shit
Steelers killing our linemen.
Kill me
TUCKING STANLEY ARE YOU KIDDING ME
Fuck fuck fuck
Well fuck
We are fucked if we lose Stanley.
Fuck our lives right now
FUUUUUUUUUUCK that’s not good
I think thats gonna be season ending :(
That’s....extremely not good. You know he’s seriously hurt from his reaction
😭😭😭😭
Fuck that's really bad. That looks season ending.
OH FUCK
"not like this, please"
FUCK TJ WATT
"Yup, that ankle looks fucked."
Fuck this is bad
Fuck fuck fuck
This game is just so ridiculous at this point
NO
FUUUCK NO
FUCK THIS LOOKS BAD
Fuck that is bad
WTF happened with our Line? First poor play and now injury?!?! Ugh
Torn ACL. FUCKKKKK
Fuck tj watt
We shouldn’t even be surprised at this point lmao
Yup his ankle just snapped....
"Down two linemen before the half is over. I hate to be negative but damn, this isn’t looking good for us."
"Un fucking believable

Fuck TJ Watt"
Fuck fuck fuck
Fuck Fuck FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
steelers gunna feast on that side of the line now... love you ronnie get better soon
"""Ronnie Stanley is kill""

""no... """
Yikes invest in oline at the draft
This isn’t gonna be pretty
Holy fuck what a dumb decision
"He needs to be sure of himself, seems he's doubting himself alot. Throw it quick."
What’s the timeline on broken ankle if that’s what it is? Any chance at all he comes back for potential playoffs?
"Fuck my life, this is some bullshit"
"Gonna be real hard to overcome that loss. For one, LaMar is going to have to throw sooner."
O-line is about to have a very long game
"Trying to take it all in his shoulders. Truth is, with this line, he needs to get it out quick. I wanted deep shots, but that isn’t happening this game. Need to give him a chance and get creative with quick plays, he’s not going to have more then 2.5 seconds to get that ball out"
Great throw Ben!
Defense playing well at least
Big Ben out here seeing ghosts
"At the very very least, keep taking time off the clock and keep the d rested"
Watch for some sneaky stuff
THIS IS GONNA BE LIKE THE 2018 RAVENS WITH #1 DEFENSE CARRYING OFFENSE
if we win without stanley that says enough about this steelers defense
"Our defense is playing great, let's focus on that"
What's the timeline for broken ankles on linemen?
The Ravens will and should be known for defense
Man if we can get more TD before half we should win. D has their foot on their neck rn. We just need to finish drives
And if he is out for the season he will come back stronger next year. Still glad we extended him
No way is losing Stanley good but I think we will start running the ball more and more play action. Which should help Lamar. Again losing Stanley is terrible
it's still 7-7 and we have a stacked defense.  this game is not over! lamar needs to be better though. Go Ravens!
The bus is rolling
GUS BUS!!!
Gus singlehandedly gonna keep us in this game
All aboard the Gus  🚌
Our power oline is essentially in rn lmao
Can we just keep running the ball with RBs? Tired of us being cute in big games.
"Make way for the bus, motherfuckers!!"
"Gus Bus is the fucking truth, feed this man."
Best run defense in the nfl who??
🚌 🚌 🚌
GUS THE BUS
Man I'm just sad about stanley now
GUS BUS
Keep running. Play action to Hollywood. rinse repeat
Just keep pounding it. You make them slow down the pass rush and then open up throwing and some play action
#KEEP RUNNIN DA BALL!!!
Finally! RUN THE BALL
The squeelers D is too committed to stopping Lamar from running and it’s gonna cost them
Dobbins is so electric! Bozeman is having a hell of a game!
"*Ravens moving down the field super easily by running the ball*

Roman: let's throw it"
keep going roman don't fuck this drive up
Gus and JK are the future. Love it
#WE 2018 MODE TODAY. LET'S GO!! WIN FOR STANLEY
"Now that the Steelers are keying in, throw a nice PA over the LBs"
"Why doesn't Lamar just phase through the incoming pass rushers. Sure his O Line is hurt and letting in a lot of the rush in the pocket, but why does that affect him? No excuses Lamar, go invisible and they have no chance of affecting your passes"
"They say Lamar looks slow, bull shit."
Wow the run game is working....who woulda thunk it?
Our offense is playing better than their offense. Without the 2 turnovers...we’re up 3-7 and about to score again
Even hit at the line we are getting 4 yards a rush. Stick with it.
Run game opens up short passes.  Let's go
Don't get cute here.  Run.
"Lol, who's the guy that tried to tell me that the Ravens can't run the football almost every possession? Cause' that's essentially what's happening xD"
Wow! A guy is super open on pa after running it like 10 times in a row?? It’s almost like our 2019 game plan was really effective.
Respect to this O-Line two guys injured and we are running the ball well against a good defense. Let's give these guys praise for their improvement on last game.
And look how wide open he was due to the run game
Offense is coming alive!
"Looking just like 2019, run the ball to open up Lamar read options and the pass game"
I think we just turned into the 2018 Ravens
That’d be targeting in college
Damn he got rocked
Season has just been weird because we are trying to change our identity when we already have what works. Go back to what we do best and nobody can't stop us
BEEP BEEP
we're running all over this defense even without Stanley. pathetic.
this is the offense i miss
That's DIRTY AF straight to the head
We in this boys! We gonna get this for Ronnie!
Lamar got ducking popped on his chin.
THIS IS RAVENS FOOTBALL
Get bus'd
LETS GOOOOOOO FUCK YEAH
Now that's the drive we all asked. Roman must be on this thread lol
Smash mouth
I like that.  Keep running the fucking ball
"Pick 6 plz, fuck big ben"
So really we should be up at least 10 for all the doom and gloom
I cant believe I hated NE more for a couple years. Fuck this team in black and yellow. Fuck them to hell
We are DOMINATING this game
Eat shit Pittsburgh.
"LET'S FUCKING GO.

WHAT A DRIVE!

Running the ball down their fucking throats."
Edwards been balling all game
Back to our bread and butter let’s goo
GUS BUS
That vintage 2019 drive went down real smooth.
"My son, who's been involved with football most of his life, thinks the Steelers are overrated. Can't say he's wrong so far."
"Suck it long, suck it hard Trebek"
"Run the ball, win games. Ain’t that hard."
I’m just waiting to hear Ben talk shit about his receivers on Pittsburgh local radio tomorrow 😂
Fuck the steelers. #1 run defense can't handle two backup OLs. Bet they go for Browns legs next
Boys are settling in now. Beautiful drive.
Over 125 yards on the ground so far love it
Next season we gonna have a backfield of Dobbins and Edwards. Ingram is gone....this game proves it.
The score per quarter streak lives another quarter
I don't wanna hear anymore question about who the best defense is anymore
>LT Ronnie Stanley has been ruled out for the rest of the game with an ankle injury. - @Ravens
#RUN IT
Gus - Dobbins for our RB group next season!!
RUN THE DANG BALL ROMAN!
FUCK THE STEELERS
I'd take watching those running play drives ALL DAY over passing. That's so different compared to the rest of the league and fun to watch them weave through the holes
Ronnie has been ruled out w/ an ankle injury.
BEN ROETHLISBERGER IS TRASH HAHAHAHHAHAHA
This offense is best when it dictates and not when it takes what is given
Am I the only one who is loving this gritty dirty game? Feels like the old school slug fests and I’m here for it.
Ngakoue playing the run what I thought he didn’t do that per r/nfl
I fucking hate the way Connor runs. He’s so damn slow and uptight. He doesn’t bend over all all lol. It’s so dumb
oh shut he fuck up tj
Damnit.
Steelers taking notes from ravens on run game rn
"Even if you're good against the run, it doesn't mean you're good against Baltimore's runs."
First time Judon would get a flag for PF I’d support him for.
Ravens gotta be smarter than that. Can’t take dumb penalties.
fucking DAMMIT JUDON WHAT ARE YOU DOING
Prepare to get fucked by the refs
Drop Judon. Taco Bell changed him.
No way you can only call something on us there
Tj watt is not likeable whatsoever
Should be offset
Screw that Steelers player. He pushed one of our coaches trying to split it up
The only thing about this game is that Ben’s Jersey is still white. I want the Defense punish that old man
Judon again trying his best to negate a positive play by the team.
I would like to see offsetting penalties but I think it'll probably be on the Ravens
"Just offset the flags and get this game moving, Jesus Christ"
Lol peters isn’t wearing socks rn
Once again hurting ourselves
Think Hollywood will breakout in this game eventually?
The Fuck Judon?
Judon...
Trade Judon's ass
"~~Wow Judon wtf was that~~

Edit: Judon is innocent #FreeJudon"
"Goodbye Judon, wtf..."
"Fuck you refs, fuck you Judon"
Judon you dumbfuck!!
"Judon is such a fucking idiot, and I 100% blame the coaching staff for his undisciplined weekly penalties."
That wasn’t on purpose he was trying to wiggle free
Weak ass call
Lame ass call
LMAO fuck Judon
Fuck that was dumb. We’re not going to have enough guys left to finish this game...
Wowww Judon what are you doing!!
Glad the Ravens picked up 91!
"Lol Judon, what a dip shit"
"Deserved, see you next week^(but not next season)"
"Judson can fucking go. He has ZERO fucking self control. What a fucking dumbass . Act like a god damn adult, you don’t need to go wild and swing in every direction like a child throwing a temper tantrum"
Should be able to review a penalty that ejects a player
Lmao you punched an official you idiot
Ju-dumb
"Judon is a fucking idiot.

Hope he's gone next year. He's not worth it."
Dumbass.    Absolutely uncalled for
Fuck thats unlucky. That wasn't on purpose but I see why they ejected him.
Oh no.... anyway.
Judon: blame of the game
That was dumb af.
Judson needs to be cut.  Maybe Taco Bell can sign him.
Judon fucking us over with penalties? Nothing new here
Honestly fuck Judon don’t need him
[deleted]
Not a good look for Judon in a contract year
Anyone want a trade for judon?
Judon is gone after this year
Judon is fuckin gone after this year
Judon might as well not even bother trying to negotiate a new contract with us.
Yo the D NEED TO CHILL FK
Trade Judon
Campbell is his own wall lmao
Calais Campbell probs has the most pbus on the team this season
The refs are trash.
I fucking LOVE Romo as announcer
Everybody notice how far back their RT lines up off the line. We get called for that all the fucking time.
Joker
YOU FRICKIN IDIOT JUST GOT JOKERED!
Adda boy Matt earn that extension
Ravens living in their heads rent free
LETS PUT A SMILE ON THAT FACE
Lets run this bitch 😎
"Sack lunch, num num num num num"
BOONK GANG!!
I want another TD before the half since they get the ball to start the 2nd.
WHAT'S UP DESHON!!
Is the defense that good or is the Steelers offense this shit?
Still not as bad as when the guy was showing the ref he got speared in the chest and got ejected. Refs need to be held accountable for the bullshit they get away with
"Big ben is straight white trash lmao, pretty sure I saw him buying cigs and a PBR tall boy in a sheetz last week"
"Ben is done, he should just retire"
Hahaha ben has his poor wittle elbow hurt. Serves them right after taking out 3 of our starters
"I can’t wait until next week when I can watch a football game without campaign ads, if you’re still undecided you probably aren’t voting anyway lol"
"can you lot stop acting like judon was swinging at the ref? he was trying to get out of being held, yes he's dumb for trying to keep going. leave it at that"
If it's in pain he rehurt it
Ah yes Ben’s scheduled injury scare
What in the fuck lol
Lamar has to run forward to avoid TJ every play
"If Gus keeps getting 5 yards on 1st down keep doing it, don't get away from it please."
"Holy shit, Lamar! This game is killing my anxiety"
[deleted]
Wet ass ball
Lamar going to give me a heart attack this week.
Seriously just dropped it... what?
Athletic fumble recovery
Lamar gotta tuck it
Geez this has been a long half
RUN IT DOWN THEIR THROATS. THIS IS A PHYSICAL GAME.
He’s holdin that ball like a loaf of bread!
Lamar out here playing Basketball
Ah Lamar just trying to tease Watt all is good
Lamar about to give me a heart attack over here
I'm happy to see us running the ball down people's throats again
"The one thing Steelers fans were sure wasn't going to happen was that we would run all over their defense, and we have like 150 in the first half. That alone is making me chuckle"
Lamar is allergic to the football
JFC. Two picks and two fumbles for Lamar.
No catch
Lamar got lucky again
Any update on Stanley?
Not pick.  Horrible play by lamar but not a pick
Lamar doing his best Famous Jamais impression today
yeah lets not do that lamar pls
"Dude didn’t even have 2 hands on it, no way thats a catch"
Horrible throw and decision. Lucky it hit the ground. Should be overturned.
Nah not a catch. Lucky for Lamar.
He dropped that shit.
Not an INT
IncompleteIncompleteIncompleteIncompleteIncomplete
"What are these camera angles? Show the damn play, I don't want to look at a player's face"
"Not a pick, but holy shit Lamar. What is happening."
I think Llama is in his own head this year
That's getting called back
This is the most insane game I've ever seen already.
"Surely not a pick, right? He used the ground to control it"
Andrews was wide open...
"It’s incomplete, chill"
"bailed out, lamar can't make those mistakes"
That’s incomplete but the decision making is horrific
They better overturn that.
I can’t even blame Boykin for that one :(
I’m sweating bullets
Lamar run this shit
No fucking way that’s an int
" No way that's a pick, but FFS lamar."
I smell a blitz...
There offense hasn’t done shit. Keep running it down their throat.
"Lol, I was right about them blitzing, but I didn't think it'd be an outside blitz :O"
Protect OBJs legs at all costs
"If Tony Romo was my teacher in high school, all of my B’s would have been A-"
At least we aren't the rams 😂
Nice fucking run JK
What the fuck is that? I thought you just couldn't have 2 people moving at the snap.
That was a nice throw
Interested in how Ben is going to look after working his arm like that.
Willie eating today
Snead has been great in his limited opportunities so far this year.
Well done there Lamar. Let’s give him props when he makes a good throw
"I remember this steelers fan said we wouldnt be able to run because they stopped chubb and henry, oh boy"
Letting watt run free at Lamar is not smart
"We really play so well when we commit to run, our Passing downs become soooo effective.

But run 3 consecutive pass plays Greg loln"
Gotta check that down...
That’s a first
Agree with Romo there-we save that timeout and we can challenge the middle of the field
"I dont like this lamar down the middle stuff, its efficient and gets yards, but hes so open to being hit"
Please tucker. You’re the goat for a reason
MONEY
"We know he’s good, Jim!"
He was good from the 50 yard line!!!!
I think our offense is playing very well
Tucklove
Jesus fucking Christ Dobbins what an effort
Wtf he was out
Best kicker in the league eh Romo?????
GOAT
I love my kicker
"Hey Tony,  give Tucker some **respect**"
Meanwhile CIN is up on TEN 👀
51 yards has never looked so fucking easy.
I love Tucker
LETS GOOO
Miami is up 28 to 7
AUTOMATUCK
I fucking love tucker man
"Showed some major heart there man

really proud of this team

what a roller coaster"
2 scores up on one of our toughest opponents this season. I’m happy.
Best kicker in the league
Boswell could never
Good from 65+
AutomaTUCK
Lol where's the guy from 2 weeks ago saying Tucker was no longer in his prime?
This is a tough ass game. I don't like it but that team is good. Good half boys
I still don't care how crappy of a win a win is. It's still a win. And if it's a crappy win that next team's not going to look for you to be this amazingly explosive team. And they're going to let you go and then you're going to whip them and show who you are.
"Cowher, can ben open it up with a crabmeat elbow?"
Looks like a lot of good adjustments were made in the bye week
My stream is out of Pittsburgh and all these commercials are making me sick
Too much time
Um coverage?
2nd most rush yards allowed by the steelers in the first half in 25 years!
Cant let juju catch it if Marlon isn't there to punch it out
King koopa
these Steelers receivers are a lot softer than they used to be
"With Judon out, cut Yannick loose."
No flag.
I’d be fine with resigning bowser
"welp we got away with some DPI there. Lucky, glad to see a punt"
PI? If Johnson made an effort instead of giving up I can see a flag thrown.
Shut up Tony his palm was open on both.
Jimmy still got it 😝😝
Gimme another one of those long drives ending in a TD
The Ravens D played that possession great coming out of the half.
Let's burn some clock. If the Steelers keep taking shots they're going to get one eventually. Gotta deny opportunities and keep a margin
Why!!!!! Just why!!!
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
WHY ARE WE NOT RUNNING
And if you don’t like that you don’t like Greg Roman
"Are you fucking shitting me? 

WTF!!??"
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
LAMAR STOP THROWING PICKS FUCK
Madden Curse
"Wtf was that shit Lamar and greg why tf are you throwing it

Jesus that was awful"
Why the fuck aren’t you running
Triple option offense. Never pass the ball again
"who is it, who is calling these dogshit play"
Ahhhhhhhh I can't drink this much guys. What the fu k
Hell of a play though. Just not worth the risk.
Heart Attack Jackson: Are you not entertained?
Thanks lamar
Fuck Greg roman and wtf Lamar
GREG ROMAN. RUN. THE. FUCKING. BALL.
D must be tired. /s
Why don’t we run it lol
\-\_-
"Man this has been a long ass game and it's just getting longer and more difficult to watch haha, makes me almost want to laugh at this point that we just can't keep this team in check, keep on letting them into the game.  Gotta tighten up."
Just run the ball take it out of Lamar’s hands.
Do they know the half started yet?
"Why doesn’t Harbaugh go over and tell Lamar to calm tf down? I don’t get it, starter or not light a fire under his ass"
"Well that’s all on you lamer. Stop fading away, get back to the fundamentals"
man this is embarrassing we had a nice lead and momentum going into this half and its all gone
"That’s all on Lamar, cmon kid lead us and get us up!!"
Lol Lamar.
where's all the people defending lamar/OC now? Playing like shit and has the nerve to dial up a throw and terrible execution.
Now they right back in it. Fuck
We haven’t seen the fruit punch yet... It’s coming
I'm about to drive to the Bank myself and scream some better playmaking into these boys
why are we doing this shit over an extra point
Is Lamar throwing this game ?
I'm legit pissed off
Somebody tell Heart Attack this isn’t a playoff game.
Lamar's just playing 4-D chess and making questionable mistakes so us fans can watch a more competitive Ravens win 🧠
"All game Gus has been steadily gaining 4-5 yards on first downs, why stop."
"Feel like this is going to be another defensive win and Lamar gets bailed out again, or it’s all put on the D in some 4th Q play and they don’t make it happen, because no matter how good they are, it’s likely they’ll make one mistake if they’re out there for ages. 

Lamar needs to get his act together"
Here we go. Playing fucking like trash now. Ughhhhhh
I forgot hollywood and Andrews suited up today. boys have been non-existent.
WHO? lol
Of fucking course
Now the defense is losing some steam. 😡
What a fucking joke
BS penalty. Refs have been shit today both ways
Thats some serious bullshit
Steelers are cancer and we’re smoking and wading into toxic bogs and shit.
Haven’t seen a pass deeper than 15 yards thrown by us today
THE WR PUT HIS OWN ARM BACK
Who is this guy??
Has there been a single long pass attempt from Pittsburgh that we didn’t commit pass interference (or should have been called)?
And here comes the meltdown.
Defense starting to loosen up
Sack DADDY
And here comes the touchdown
yeah this is looking bad
"Ok this is not funny anymore, it's not halloween anymore ravens you don't have to scare me!"
The return of the Swiss Peas defense lol
"Absolutely blowing it out there.  Granted that was a really shitty PI call but still, this is going sideways fast."
I cant believe they are gonna have the lead
FUCKING TACKLE. Lamar's bad pass aside the defense has not looked focused out of the locker room.
Judon doesnt make that tackle.
...and that is the killer unless Lamar gets his shit together
"Fuck the Steelers


Fuck Conner


Fuck my fantasy team"
These division games just never come easy!
Can't wait for the o line injuries to be used as a crutch by everyone in the Ravens organization.
"We’ve got this, that was their first score off of a drive."
This is all on you Lamar
"Soooo... Kickoff return TD, anyone?"
We couldn't expect the defense to hold up this entire game. The amount of missed opportunities on offense is going to be the reason we end up losing. The only way we win is if our offense makes some kind of adjustment offensively. Like c'mon Roman. C'mon Lamar.
Steelers eat all the meat you toss into their mouths.
Okay time for a massive dab to deal with this bullshit
Let Dobbins cook
"This is a season defining game, just like last time last year in the first game vs PITs. Gutted that one out, need this or bye is gone and looking up to PIT/KC among others in the AFC. Do i have faith in Roman to adjust? lol no. Was holding out that Roman/Lamar to get cooking w/ the bye and it's just not there. This game was fucking free."
Sooo can we throw the ball deep?
The ravens always fighting against themselves.  Do what works.
We can’t keep laying offense eggs in big games.
 I’m scared every time he drops back to pass
Lamar looks lost
Here we go....freak out and throw it
What the fuck was that goofy ass run Lamar?
"Honestly, I hope someone fucking lights into Lamar. Yes, he's the face of the franchise now and he's a good guy, but he can't play like this and expect to win a playoff game, let alone a Super Bowl.

Fundamentals, decisions and throws today are all horseshit from him today. Truly. He is playing scared and careless at the same time. I get it's raining and Roman sucks but he is also at home and is in his 3rd year after a supposed offseason of work put in."
I mean we absolutely cant have another three and out.
They added diving head first to giving yourself up for running qbs... why are they allowed to dive onto him after on the ground
I hate Greg Roman. I seriously fucking hate him
How fucking lucky.
Can we not fucking fumble anymore
Every good play something bad happens lol.
Andrews has been open a lot today
Man the ball is slick today
Another fucking fumble
I knew that was gonna be fumbled. You could see it coming a mile away.
I fucking can't. I really can't do this to myself
"Another heart attack, this game is going to kill me"
Andrews wtf
Be secure with the fucking ball PLEASE
Now the OL sucks
Brilliant play call
3rd and 8 zone read love it
I'm so sick of Roman. So sick.
That play call was absolute shit
What the fuck are these idiots doing. Christ.
Why the fuck is justice hill on the field....
WTF was that play call
"Y’know, I’d hoped that after last year I wouldn’t have to worry so much about games getting so out of hand in the second half. It appears to be happening a fair amount again. Fuck."
Roman doesnt trust lamars arm on 3r and 8?
Wtf are we doing man
Welp
We went big and expensive on defence but we really need to work on our offence now
"a picture of swiss cheese and a picture of the ravens offensive line

*they're the same thing*"
Wide receivers have played like trash
Need a pick or punch out soon.
"We r so lucky he fell, there was a ton of room"
First time all season we're going a quarter without points
Our d has been so good. Need to hold this 3rd right here let's go baby
Jesus. That could've been like a 50 yard run if he didn't trip
Everyone ignoring that the run game is going to stop working once the Steelers just sell out for the run since the pass game isn't even remotely scaring anyone right now
The passing offense looks like they’re running plays from the yard on madden no joke
Thank you Defense.
Passing plays this season:  First option isn't there.  O-line is like a sieve.  Scramble to the Outside.  Throw it to an unexpected TE or RB.  Every damn time.
Our offense has to score. No 3 points this is 4 down territory the whole way
Has Lamar thrown a deep pass all season?
All my homies love the Ravens defense.
Orlando has a choice of 2 dudes to block and picks neither
"Excellent field position now, can't ask for anything more than that from your D and ST"
OFFENSE STEP UP DAMMIT
"Alejandro Villanueva is huge, he is actually 1 inch taller than Calais Campbell. I just noticed it from the camera angle behind his back"
Heart Attack likes going downhill. Let’s go.
do we have an o line
i try to stay off of the whole greg roman thing.. but he is absolutely terrible
"Great sacks to take. Sees pressure, steps up into a collapsing line again."
"this Oline is gonna kill us, not a shock without Stanley"
Fuck everything about being alive right now
I don’t even know what our game plan should be at this point. We gave up running the ball on more than one play per drive and the pass protection and general passing game is abysmal.
I hate it I hate it I hate it
"Jesus christ. 

Has Hollywood even had the ball thrown to him?"
How do they draft all these fast wide receivers that some how can’t get open?
Fucking pathetic
Even our completed passes were risky completions we need better wrs or better scheme
We get to the fifty and Greg Roman decides we’re a spread team anybody else notice that
"You can get away with no o-line or no wide receivers, but not both."
"Look at those Ravens receivers getting open! 

Said nobody, ever."
"Willie Snead, Mark Andrews, Miles Boykins

Only those 3 have caught something"
Can’t believe Willie Snead is the 2nd best WR on our team who thought that would be okay? Outside of Andrews everybody else is a number 2 or 4 at best
LAMAR HIT A DEEP THROW!?!?!?
finally lamar hits a deep ball
I’m on a stream.  I think I’m behind....
omg
Did that really happen
Holy fuck what a catch
What a throw
Where’s the Lamar can’t throw haters now
#ALL MY HOMIES LOVE DEVIN DUVERNAY
MOTHER
fuck the refs
Skura is absolutely getting ass fucked
Fuck off refs.  That isn't a hold.
THAT'S a hold?!?!
That's fucking bull shit
Holding?????
"Given how they don't call holding much, I kind of hate that call."
Don’t you just love getting fucked over by the refs
Wtf that was the shittiest hold call EVER
Of course it was a penalty
FUCKING REFS FORFEIT THE GAME FUCK THIS SHIT
Lamar you make me hate and love you all at once wtf.
Wow.. fucking bullshit
Fuck the refs
"Yikes, that's not holding"
THIS IS A FUCKING JOKE FUCK THIS
Yeah that's the one fucking hold all game.  Ok.
"A     Jackson touchdown is called back because of a holding penalty on  Skura.

&#x200B;

What is this even?"
I’ve seen so many O-line man get away with that.
FUCK THESE REFS
BULLSHIT PENALTY
Fuck you refs you don’t own us
"if youre a ref in this game, go fuck yourself"
Hard to beat the damn refs
# NEED IV SNEAD
That's not a hold wtf
These refs are heavily favoring the steelers. Fuck this
Another bullshit call.
Where was the hold? They didn't even mention how that was a bs call. Whatever.
refs dont wnat to fuck us over again here? fuck them
What a shit call
Steeler refs
I wish Jackson wouldn’t be friendly to Pitt players. He’s too damn nice lol
LOVE Snead this year!
Hey ref hold these
Snead pro bowl omfg.
That wasn’t holding. These refs need to be checked
That looked in
Now run it down the middle omg
"I've said it before, snead gets some flak but he always has our ass"
I swear NFL refs and calling holding makes no sense. They call the smallest stuff but guys get away with obvious holds.
Hollywood is just out there running around
He’s in.
Bad throw
His right knee is down
"damn that's close, idk if it's enough to overturn tho"
That’s a catch in real time and in slow come on now
Are they actually going to ignore that laughable ghost hold?
of course biased refs call it incomplete first and now there wont be enough evidence to overturn
Don't think they would overturn either way with this one.
I have no clue what to think here
Offense showed up
"I think knee was just on the line... 

Edit: If it were called a TD, they wouldn't overturn it, but since it was called incomplete, I think they might not overturn that either."
"You only need the shin, the shin touched first. This just happened to the rams earlier today."
Whatever happens after this game something needs to happen with our receiving core! Jesus man.
The knee isnt obvious....we arent gonna get that
"Yeah, we're not winning this. Harbs challenged because he/the team had already used so much time thinking about it and looking at the Jumbotron that they would've had to use a timeout anyway."
Its already been confirmed as not a TD.
I hate NFL refereeing. That holding call against the Ravens happens EVERY FUCKING PLAY in the NFL.
Doesn’t matter we still got it lets go
BROWN TOWN POPULATION 6
"&#x200B;

*Touchdown Ravens!!!!*"
THAT ONE is good!
Took a little longer than we hoped but we got it anyway
Review that!
TOUCHDOWN
Yessssss
"They took away a beautiful run by Lamar 

Pain"
should've had the td on the run but I'll take it
Can't take that one off the board ya cunts
I'm surprised ref did not try to break that pass
Don’t matter you whiney bitches
At least we ran some time off the clock. Silver lining I guess.
That one's in bounds
"That was fearless.

What a route and what a throw!"
Touchdown!
CALL INCOMPLETE NOW MOTHERFUCKERS
Still got it lol
Where all those dinguses at that said Hollywood is too small?
Hollywood is a beast
BACK TO HIM. NO FOUL REFS? NO PENALTY?
Lets go DEFENSE
I’ll be damned. I wasn’t expecting this. I’m pleasantly surprised.
FUCK YEAHHH THE OFFENSE STEPPED UP LETS GOOOOOO BOYSSSSSSSSS
Lamar is turning it up in the fourth stunt on them last 3 quarters😭
great drive. prob gonna come down to the last one anyways
Lamar making up for at least one of the Ints with that drive. Some good plays to get that TD.
Omg man
"Heart Attack Jackson, I praise you and doubt you, sometimes on the same play. You have no dramatic equal, ever."
"That's a horrible call

Edit. Thank you they came to their senses."
I fucking hate NFL referees
Refs didn’t fuck us celebrate!!
Why did Bonds give up on that?
What the fuck was 38 doing
#38 can't just stop
38 gonna get shit for that film. Walked away like it wasn’t a catch.
Take that UDFA outa there
WHO THE FUCK IS BONDS?
These penalties are killing us man
Undisciplined ass defence.....
Get bonds tf outta here
WHO THE FUCK IS BONDS
Is this the most undisciplined Ravens squad of all time? Holy fucking shit
Uh 38???
Get this fucking Bonds bloke off the team.
It wasn’t bonds
"Just walk away, wtf"
"Lol, Bonds"
Get that fuckin random off the field
"Bonds, what’s the first thing they teach you in any sport"
Get this nigga bonds outta the fuckin game
Who is this bonds guy get him out of here
GET BONDS OFF THE FIELD
Oh clark yeah he face masked
Damn I miss averett
Where tf did Bonds come from and why is he still on the field?
"Bonds has played fine for a UDFA, cut him some slack"
Some generous spots...
Averett got injured as soon as he started playing good smh
Man oh man we're giving it away
How have we not picked off captain fat fuck yet
And another Dpi. Fml.
Steelers shouldn't even be in this one with how bad they looked in the first half.
Throw it to ref at this point
STOP WITH THE FUCKING PENALTIES JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
Come the absolute fuck on with these P.I. penalties. We deserve to lose this shit if they can't cut it out.
Omg the penalties
What the fuck is with these penalties
I'm about to get the D-cell batteries out for these fucking refs
Refs calling everything
Refs on Steelers payroll.
We’re getting fucked by penalties
Jesus
"I didn't quite catch that last DPI penalty, was it at all legit or what?"
Someone cover the ref he about to run a route
Hate refs.
Our 9 penalties to their 3
Haha 85 penalties yards
Are these pick plays legal?
How they gonna put the softest refs on the Ravens/Steelers game?
Mother of all things holy what the fuck is this shit?
Unbelievable.....
can the offense learn some things from these screens and pick plays
Fuck the refs man.
Just do not fucking go 3 and out here.
Alright let's do it again
This is the worst officiating I've seen in my life I think. What an absolute joke holy shit!
Clutch moment
"On their 3rd down screen conversion, the steelers committed blatant OPI right in front of the refs.

No call."
"This has been a physical ass game. I love it. Not a fan of losing but this has been a great game, per usual when we play the Steelers. We gonna be alright guys"
Fuck the refs man.
We need a long drive to give the d a rest.
you can’t take that many penalties and expect to get stops come on lamar mvp for a reason
These refs better have 5 or 6 calls lined up for us
We just need a clock eating drive capped off with a TD. Pound the fucking rock.
Refs handing them the game so fucking stupid
They can't stop the run. Keep running please
Brownies lost
"Last year I'd be excited to see this team run down the field, but this year I feel like I'm having Flacco ptsd, my heart can't take these games."
Shit like this makes me not even want to watch the NFL when the refs just give them the game
It's clear Dobbins and Gus are our best offensive players and we still try to force to Andrews and Hollywood
Keep pounding the rock!!
GUS BUS!!!!!!!!! LETS FUCKING GO BOYS!!!!!!!!
I am fucking in love with Gus
LETS GOOO RUN IT
Truly amazing that running works. Who would have thought.
Just. Keep. Running. The. Ball.
KEEP. RUNNING. THE BALL!
Can this game PLEASE be the nail in the coffin for Roman stubbornly keeping Ingram as the #1 back
Roman will pass now
Yes keep running!
LOOK WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE FUCKING RUN I NEVER WOULD HAVE GUESSED
Ricard blocking his ass off
We going 2018 on these bastards
This guy is awesome. I hope dobbins sticks around for awhile.
Well that was a missed facemask
We are so gonna win the big12 this year!
keep running please
I will shit myself jk or Gus scores they deserve it
Fuck man Dobbins here’s my credit card not like you’ll need it
"JK is Ray Rice 2.0, now without poor decision making ability when off of the field"
"Who gives a fuck, run run run."
Dont leave them any clock.
This 3rd down makes me nervous
My heart can’t handle this 3rd down
Lamar to Andrews for a TD let's go.
Man the outside was there I think
So annoying
Don't get it and the games over
Go for it
My heart can’t take this anymore LOL.
Somebody hold me
The good thing is it’s only week 8...but fuck this is nerve racking
Jesus I swear we just don’t want to win this game.
#LET'S FUCKING GO MY BODY IS READY
**BELEE**
"Shouldn't have ran at 2nd down and 7. Should've thrown the ball there.

Now we are backed into a tough spot on 4th and 3."
This place is going to explode when we score this TD!!!!
Give it to Dobbins.
We need 3 yards and have run on them all game. Time to call an Option Run
time to pray for something big
Let Dobbins eat
I'm hoping for a Steelers penalty somehow
That was the play they chose.....
They knew that was coming
What the fuck is our coaching staff doing
Fire Roman yo I’m done with this offense.
Fuck Skura
And he fumbles it. Idiot.
Fire greg roman
What. The fuck.
another horrible playcall yikes
Bruh
Greg Roman defenders in shambles.
I FUCKING CALLED IT. THEY RAN IT UP THE FUCKING GUT
Why would we run the most obvious fucking play??? That’s gonna be a QB draw EVERY time in this situation from 5 wide and they knew it
Empty backfield????? Really??????
smh lamar...tf u doing today?
"2 interceptions, 3 fumbles, 2 lost fumbles for lamar."
5 wide draw? go fuck yourself whoever is making that call
That was fucking dreadful
These runs up the middle are not fooling anybody
"the whole stadium knew that was coming

huuuge call there, bud."
Maybe defense can win this one...
fuck... that is all
That was so a desperate play.. gg
He win us some and lost us some too
I need Humphrey doing Humphrey things right now
Need a miracle here
pathetic
Shitty ass play call
Well at least we didn't lose to Cinci.....
Steelers-Ravens  on Thanksgiving night is going to be so much fun.
I’m really curious about our success with 5 wide. I don’t think we ever have anything good come out of it
Is cam heyward hurt? Or did he fake that bs to stop our momentum
Can't blame the refs when your turning the fucking ball over.
"5 out on the 8 yard line. You mean to tell me you would rather have our back up wideout on the field and not JK or Gus. Enjoy your next team Roman, you’re a fucking clown"
DEFENSE
It aint over yet folks
ESHHHHHKEEET
Holy shit good stop
Penalties and turnovers fucked us.
"Queen, I love you."
Wish we had timeouts
Defense was great this is on Lamar Roman and the still sputtering offense
Come on lamar
Lamar I love for ever if we get this TD
Ron Stanley died for this.
BLOCK. THAT. KICK.
Still don’t trust Roman
If we win here would this be Lamar’s first game-winning drive?
Lamar has only gone downfield once. I say call a go for Hollywood and take a chance.
STAY ONSIDES!!
MVP time...
I believe come on boys
So this is whats going to happen... Pitts brings the blitz and shreds our line! Game over
Ravens D. Gotta love it. Ray and Quick should be proud.
"Greg Roman: ""Down by 4? Need a TD? No timeouts? LET'S RUN IT!!! They will never expect it!!!"""
Chuck it to Andrews or Hollywood outside
My heart is going to fail
Fuck Ben’s smug fucking face
Flacco check down
Really dumb
Andrews you’re killing me
"That was a bad throw by Lamar, Andrews was wide open"
CLOCK IT
Time back on the clock!
10k comments JFC
Fucking bullshit by Hayward
That helps us a lot here. It's a Pitt TO and could add time to the clock
Injured defender is a Timeout
Either more time on the clock or penalty
This game has been brutal either way
Time for some crazy Lamar shit.  We need it now.
Im rooting for you guys! From a bills fan.
Fucking classic ravens steelers match up. I've missed these
No PI?
That’s a flag on 31
Damn...
Our play calling from beginning to end... Just horrible. We are constantly bailed out by the talent we have. And that’s been for multiple weeks not just today. Defense is a top 5 yet again. I think our oline depth isn’t as a glaring need than a true No 1 WR
Fuck these fucking Trump ads. There are 4000 fans sitting in the Bank but we took on this virus and beat it? Fuck off.
"Not gonna lie, TJ Watt is getting a lot of hits in on Lamar and they're not even warning him. The refs are going to get our boy killed if they don't start calling shit fairly"
And THIS is why that challenge was stupid. Should have conserved the timeouts
"Guys, Watt missed the tackle and his momentum took him into Stanley - chill"
"""Their plan will kill jobs""


Trump's COVID failure has killed over 300,000 people and we have record high unemployment..."
"Well, I know game threads are known for exaggeration but if Stanley is out for the season, that's our season done."
Jackson ain’t going to survive this game.
Helmet to helmet. Call that shit
"I'm pretty sure ""eject every player who touches a ref"" isn't in the rules, but ""the officials can override the rulebook whenever they want with no consequences"" certainly is"
Fuck the ref pull your mask up dumbshit
Funny how every team we play every week turns into perfect little angles who don't commit any fouls...
[removed]
Booing an injured player is a bad look
"Clearly should have put more time on the clock, clearly should have given us a DPI call on the final play.  The refs were pretty unfair to us in this game."
[deleted]
what up my dudes. fuck the steelers.
"Just pointing out the bias and hive mind bs, but if that was Boykin dropping that screen this sub would be losing its shit. Y'all wanted Duvernay after blaming Boykin for bad throws week in and week out.

But hey, we can't say anything bad about Lamar... As he throws the easiest pick 6 some no name scrub has had in his entire career."
Ok tequila is out
Fire Roman. He has taken a system that works well and created success and has butchered it for no reason. It's obvious that improvement is not coming.
That was ALL on Lamar
"Sidearm throw with no pressure, no velocity. Clean pocket, didnt step into the throw. He's getting lazy with his fundamentals"
This beer is 14% abv. Wowzers.
Yo some of y’all are so delayed lmao
GET RID OF THE BALL
Lamar gotta be aware of your surroundings man
Watt is a dirty fucking player
"I’m pissed that Stanley is hurt, but how can y’all actually believe Watt did that intentionally? Are you watching the same game as me?"
My dad just said that TJ Watt has little brother syndrome. So fucking true
"Lamar is out there playing like a rookie and THEN we lose 2 OL players?

If he doesn't learn how to throw NOW, we're not going to the playoffs."
Can’t wait to see judon in another teams jersey
That was a bad call against Judon though
That was unintentional he shouldn't be disqualified
Judon has made a lot of dumb plays in the past but that wasn't one of them. Totally accidental.
"For the love of all that is holy, please stop trying to turn the ball over, Lamar lol."
Pit has hurt 3 players in one half
Refs trying to fuck is again
Ravens are dominating. The only ones keeping Pittsburgh in this game so far is Baltimore themselves.
Pittsburgh lucky as hell they’re not down 24-0
"Couple things:

How this season is going, I'm legitimately surprised any time we complete a pass at this point. I had more confidence in that 51 fg just now than I've had on any of our pass attempts today



It's all good though because the D is suffocating and the run is punishing"
Shit wasn’t even catchable
Jimmy got away with a lil hold ngl
"Idk why, but always seeing Lamar laugh it off whenever he fucks up makes me more upset than the mistake itself"
"This is all on Roman. Why. Why throw. Why?????

I’m not defending the pass. It was awful. But that call should never have been made. Never."
This is the worst game I've seen Lamar play. He's not even getting pressured on his INTs. This is embarrassing.
This team really needs 1 ring before Lamar's rookie deal ends. I am legit worried about his lack of growth as a passer. Reminds me of 2013 RG3.
Disgraceful referees fuck the NFL
"The receiver ran off the field in disappointment thats how you know it wasn't PI at all, fucking disgrace"
">	Jim, look at Mahomes make it look so easy"
Lamar is two more INTs away from getting benched.
Can't wait for all the hot takes about how Lamar
Sure let's run a fucking option on 3 and long
"I’m sorry Ngakoue, you haven’t come to the contenders that you had originally thought"
The whole offense is to blame. Can't pin it on just one person. Literally everyone has fucked up.
"In all honestly though, this is a damn good defense we’re playing"
"These cuck refs are doing everything they can can, typical"
It's a TD but refs won't give it to us. Kinda like how the hallucinated Skuras hold
That’s not a TD guys. His knee is clearly out of bounds
Claypool fake AF with that PI on humphrey. Next time earn a TD
"Elite QBs go take the lead right here

And then have the defense give up a game winning drive culminating in an Antonio Brown TD on Christmas."
"WHERE THE FUCK HAS THIS GAMEPLAN BEEN?

We are adjusting on the fly and attacking, sticking to what we do best. Where was this against LAC, TEN, and KC? Why don't or can't we do this every game."
"Two wide open targets across the middle and Lamar gets happy feet for 2 yards...

Just not very good today."
Fire Greg Roman. Who goes empty on 4th down with Gus and jk lmao I fucking hate this teams coaching staff
play calling ruined the game
damn so many bandwagon fans in this thread w/o lamar this team wouldn’t be shit
SNEAD I LOVE YOU!!!!
Andrews was fucking walking there. Run your fucking route
LOL no sympathy for him after pulling that fake injury earlier to buy the Steelers time.
Fucking gifted a win
HOW do you not add time.  BULL. Shit.
Fuck these refs and these cheating steeler bastards
Hit to the head shouldn't have been called but absolutely would have been against us
Can the player of the Blame be this crappy refereeing?
We can’t expect too much with turnovers and penalties.
Let's be honest...their play calling seems almost WWE .
Stanley's out for the year :((((((
"we beat ourselves today. shot our own foot but the bright side is that we know what we gotta do to keep winning. I ain't worried, just keep running the ball, minimize mistakes and get revenge on Thanksgiving 😈"
Can y’all stfu now? I don’t like watt but he didn’t do it on purpose.
Lamar was robbed that rushing td
[removed]
but we're still 5-1 right guys? we shouldn't complain right guys? it'll all come together right guys?
"Ah ew fuck it's another Trump ad. Fuck off, Trump, I don't give a shit about this or you."
"Can you guys stfu about Roman? He got a single pass and people are calling for his head acting like he called a ridiculous double end around flea flicker to Nick Boyle deep. 

If you can't trust your qb to not make these mistakes idk what you want him to do."
"""we'll rebuild this nation with strength""


Bruh trump needs 2 hands to drink a glass of water and can barely walk down the stairs without tripping..."
"Fuck TJ dude, late hits all day, ""accidentally"" falls into the back of the knees of one of the best tackles. Dirty fucker"
"Ravens - 24

Refs/Lamar - 28"
I fucking hate Watt....feels like he plays to hurt people
People are fucking dumbasses for thinking that was a dirty play by watt
our line needs to kill TJ Watt
...And not a word about Tucker being the GOAT from Romo. That guy is such a douche.
I'm throwing my TV out the window if i see another Trump ad.  Why is he wasting money in MD.  He has no shot of winning here.
I think fans have forgotten that Roman is only good for about 2 seasons before he becomes stagnant look at the Kapernick 49ers they had a hot run then fell off. Lamar is a talent among talents and we're probably gonna be 6-1 after this game but the fact remains that we should've signed AB to give Lamar an actual WR1 instead of trying to turn a slot like a Hollywood into a #1 because he isn't one.
We haVe tO rUn tHe BaLl!!!!!!
Our pass offense is non existent. I hope you idiots that thought we were actually WOrkInG On THe pASe GAme shut up from here on out. We don’t have a pass game period.
Was that a good enough pass for you fairweathers?
"Booing an injured player, not classy."
The refs are slowly killing the game. They don't even know their own effing rules.
"We gotta remember we actually looked really good for most of that game. Take away one of those picks (mistakes happen, but can’t let them keep happening) and some terrible calls by the refs and that’s a game we dominate. You can’t say the season is over after watching that."
Fuck TJ watt all my homies hate TJ Watt
That roll up by Watt wasn’t purposeful. Stop wishing for his injury
Man all y’all are acting like this isn’t THE rivalry game of the NFL. Even when the Steelers are bad this game is a dog fight man! Quit whining and have faith in the kings of the north. (Stanley injury is a good reason to be upset but we have a full game here)
Go go go go go no you moron good job.
Tj watt is a dirty piece of shit
"Fuck the Steelers.

All my homies hate the Steelers."
Get TJ Watt off my damn screen. They should show the highlight of Lamar stiff arming him into the ground ..
Wide open down the sideline and he wants to throw the spot when there’s 2 defenders around nice
"That 2nd down play call was beyond fucking moronic, 

RUN the goddamn ball Greg you twat"
"Lamar just won't take safe passes. He forces the first option. He needs to be coached into working a passing game properly, it doesn't seem like the offensive staff is willing to develop him."
Good job on giving us the 1st. Maybe they stop hitting as late after that
THIS IS GUNNA BE DEZ IN A FEW WEEKS BOIS TOSS IT UP TO DEZ
"It's not the fact he's turning the ball over. That happens.

It's the fact it's happening on avoidable shit like a late throw when someone else is open, or triple-clutching. Come on, man."
Stop throwing the damn ball. Rushing outside works on them
Delay of game.
We can move the ball good it looks like we just HAVE TO HOLD ONTO IT!!!
Done. This o line is swiss cheese now.
Was that a dirty hit to look like an accident?
That's more than likely the season for him. Definitely wasn't intentional on Watt
"Lamar making terrible decisions out there. I think he’s just trying to make too much happen by himself, but damn what a reckless throw."
"Watt has always been a dirty player. Watch his college highlights, always went low for the knees and ankles."
"This game has been super lopsided so far, but the scoreline doesn't show it because of that pick 6"
"Not asking for a flag, but that's head to head contact"
What dirty pieces of shit that team is. Actively encouraging injuries
"How was that hit from Fitzpatrick not a penalty, he led with his helmet and hit Lamar in the helmet?

Edit: I wasn't aware of the rule that he was a runner, thanks for clarifying fam"
These refs are such pansys
Ref fucking sold that one. FUCK THAT
"I really don't enjoy the Judon slander on this sub, he's done everything we've asked of him, plays a way more versatile role than most edge players"
Fuck. Gus Bus may have a flat.
Are we worried about Lamar yet? What is going on with him lately??
DO NOT BLAME THAT ON BOYKIN
Harbaugh needs to talk to Roman after this game. I swear we're good for at least 2-3 illegal formations or illegal shifts a game
Say something romo.
Got away with that one
Get Roman the fuck out of Baltimore
why is Lamar smiling after that mistake.
"Welcome back into the game. 

Love, 
LJ"
Awesome that we are terrified for our QB to throw the ball on any play
It would help if Lamar's best receiver wasn't a TE that everyone knows he going to go to because the others aren't getting separation.
This offense is so stale under Roman. I think we can assume last year will never happen again. It was the outlier.
Our mental is broken. That interception was fucking terrible
Enough of this soft zone bullshit please you may as well just lay down and let Ben squat and take a shit on all of your collective chests
"Whaaattsss up fellow Ravens fans, time to smash that self destruct button"
"So jealous of their WR corp 

Fuck"
How the fuck are they losing this game. Why does Lamar always turn to complete shit in every big game? Jeez man
"Bro wtf is our play calling, we go into half gashing them up the middle and GRo decides nah let's abandon the 1 thing that was working for us, literally have this issue every game idk why we're tryna be cute"
Let’s take Judon and Roman to a farm upstate
"Cut dead weight. Roman, judon, justice hill, all of our OLB corps. 

It's sad when Snead is our best WR and our best play other than the Gus Bus is a 34yd pass. 

When's the last time weve had an absurdly long TD? Last season?"
Why dont we run on 2nd and 8
"I don't know why we keep going empty lol, it's just a giant sign that we're definitely throwing the ball and they can sell out"
"Stop blaming this whole game on play calling. Our receivers fucking suck, if they can’t run a slant that’s their fault, not Roman’s."
Love it. Ravens do good while in working. Come out on lunch to a choke fest. Fucking love it.
"No matter what happens today, or the rest of this season..we can all take comfort in knowing there's no chance in hell Roman will be the OC next year."
"Duvernay, Proche, and Dez need to replace these bum ass receivers we have starting."
"bum ass fucking refs, there needs to be an investigation into the refs after this game"
"Regardless that is unnecessary. The throw was so bad
 There is no reason it should be this close"
That play right there is the perfect example of great design by Roman but shit execution on the field.
Steelers should lose a timeout for that injury
Don't say Roman doesn't call runs when we're down lol
Good AFC news is Titans might lose and Browns lost
Dobbins was open man
Fire Roman
"Running was the right call, just not having Lamar run it. Good game, Pittsburgh."
That is on Greg Roman. Shit call. Emptied the damn backfield
What an awful game. Lamar and play calls
Greg Roman is STILL a hack
"Ain’t over quite yet, my friends."
Should have kept running
Please stop booing. He’s probably actually hurt
Wtf. Are they booing heyward?
Unfathomable that time was not added.
Burn in hell Steelers
"I'm mad at Lamar, but I'm more angry at Roman..."
A lot of people in here cursing watt but I didn't see any way it was intentional on his part.
Steelers are playing dirty as fuck
oh fuck this is a Trump ad on my gamepass ew
Another bonehead play from Lamar. Dude is hesitating way too much.
"TJ Watt didn’t even do anything lmao


Guy was doing his job tackling Lamar and unfortunately rolled into Stanley’s ankle. I get being pissed in the heat of the moment (especially with the way TJ has been playing today already) but this one ain’t on him"
"Lamar shrinks in big games, 2 turnovers in the first quarter. Beyond disappointing."
TJ Watt is such a dirty fucker
Get Watt's cock out of your ass Romo
"Lamar has been playing poorly, but it all starts with Roman IMMEDIATELY abandoning the run, after the Ravens dominated the Steelers by basically running it every down."
"Pros: defense got the ball back to Lamar 


Cons: Lamar now has the ball"
Better throw had the TD
Its so easy to see how KC and LA got sick of Peters being either a hall of famer or a street free agent on any particular play...
"Man coming off the best CoD since BO1 in MW, and then announcing it as a “Cold War” game my hype for CoD was through the roof, but the beta sucked and everything I see about it just looks so lacklustre. Very disappointing"
TRADE INGRAM AND JUDON
"Clock mismanagement , if we lose what a fuck up"
Lamar lost us this game and some of you can’t handle that
I love Lamar but today fuck him
And Fuck these Trump commercials.
Stuck overseas and gamepass won't show the game for some reason. Can anyone link me to a stream?
My body is ready
Bill cowher is a fucking hack
Bro the won’t get off the Steelers dick at all. This amazing D lost to RG triple sticks.
Ravens 31 Steelers 17
"IN JEDEM SUB WO TROLLE BAITEN

GIBT'S LEUTE, DIE AUCH STEELERS HATEN.

UND IST DAS SUB AUCH NOCH SO KLEIN,

DIE STEELERS SOLL'N GEHATED SEIN!"
Am I like the only one here that is like fucking hyped that we have Romo lol I miss him so much
Ngl I thought we were the underdogs today
Of course there’s bad weather...sigh. Hope Lamar can throw a wet ball today.
FUCK THE STEALERS LETS GET THAT DUB
Let’s goooooo
I don't think it's healthy how much impact days like today have on my overall happiness in life
Let’s goo bitches
Lamar body by banana. Ben body by fried nanner.
Let’s go boys. Gotta play physical and disrupt their timing. Offense has to attack their aggressive blitz.
Here we go monkaS
"Gulp, here we go"
Lego
Good to see at least a few people in the stands
All aboard the gus bus
LETS FUCKING GO
Let's do this 😎
Let's gooooo
These fucking screens wtf
I'm glad they kept the **MO** in the end zone and not just one and done.
That play was getting blown up regardless
awful Lamar throw #1 of the day
Fuck
Awful throw
Yikes
wtf WTF
"Lol, this is quite trash."
"Well, Fuck. This is gonna get rough"
Lol wow when you defer that is the start you want.
that's not ideal
Oof
"Today's my bday.  I can care less about gifts, I just want my Ravens to get a dub and hand the Steelers their first loss! Let's gooooooo"
Wtf just happened
Bruh
Don't think that's how you start an nfl game.
Ok....time to get one of those ourselves!
Atrocious throws so far
Watt always taking shots
Oof we get 3 plays of enjoying this game it feels like lol
Okay let's try this again.
Okay Boykin. More of that please
Not ideal
That wasn't the greatest start
lol absolutely pathetic. Two weeks to prepare coming off the bye...
Great throw and catch by Boykin.
Great throw!!
Is it gonna be one of those games again?
Lol how long till we abandon the run?
Finally
Late hit
Watt is trying to rip his legs out
I was going to say how was not a late hit
throw the fucking ball
well thats a gift
Steelers corners not even looking at the receivers outside. Backs are turned to them. Daring them to throw anything outside the numbers.
Oof this is rough
These penalties again
ANOTHER PENALTY FOR OUR 100 MILLION DOLLAR MAN FEELS GOOD
Damn these OLBs are hitting Lamar in every down
Wow. We do not look like a team that had a bye. What the fuck.
2 drops already even though that second one is negated by a penalty.
Good lord its gonna be one of those games 🤦‍♂️ fml
This offense is fucked.
Its going to be a long day on offense
I really questioning trading Hurst tbh
"Just because Lamar gets the ball doesn’t mean he’s establishing himself as a runner, he can’t be hit every time he hands the ball off"
snead so damn slow lmao
"&#x200B;

*Willie Snead for 34-Yards!!!*"
Need for Snead!!!!
Snead with a nice run
Great presence by Lamar that play
I hope we abuse Spillane the rest of the game
I am slowly beginning to regret taking Lamar 3rd overall in fantasy this year 😬😔
Snead appears.
Bless you boys
Please get 7 and not 3
You know they’re going to be whining about that legit roughing the passer
There we go.
"Still a sidearm throw though! Wtf! Mechanics. 

I also think we need to use Snead better. I feel bad for him."
"Fucking hell, they’re wasting these downs"
I hate that naked bootleg shit.
Wtf
Thank you
Welcome back BOYKIN
Boykin I’m sorry
boykin did something nice
DOTTTTTT
Boykin!!!! Welcome back my man!!!!
What a throw!!!!
Damnit Phillips.
BOYKIN WAS READING REDDIT AND HE LIKE OKAY IM GOING OFF TODAY
OK BOYKIN
Lamar needs to run that...
Jesus Christ.
Nice fucking catch boykin
[deleted]
Dez who!!!??
These plays fuckin suck
Time to break Ben
But guys we’re gonna lose!!!
LETSSS GOOO
Gorgeous throw
Boykin’s really showing up today
We got our self a game
THERE WE GO!! Look at how we misdirect when we fucking run 2x then pass
BIG BOY BOYKIN
"L L A M A 


L A S E R"
I’m excited to see this defense with ngakoue
Shouts out Boykin once again
Thank you! What an answer!
Great play for the corner TD
Ngakoue time!
Great fucking throw
Yay. Fuck the Steelers
Like that we turned this into a long drive. Pick six meant the defense had to stay on the field almost 7 minutes to start the game. Start wearing them out early.
Boykin always just needed to learn to run routes. His physical stats are good he just needs route running.
our turn for a turnover
We needed that. Did not want to settle for 3 there and it is really good to see Lamar dropping dimes again. That was a great drive for our overall confidence.
Lamar is way cooler than me. Ya gotta love seeing shrug off a horrible mistake and drove right down the field.
"That was a great call there, they brought a lot of pressure and Lamar stayed calm. Now the Defense needs to come out and do what the Steelers did to start"
LETS FOOOOOOOO
Glad the bois bounced back. Forget that first interception it’s a new game
That was a beautiful pass
FLAIR UP
You're a pussy Jake from State Farm
WELCOME BACK TO FOOTBALL MYLES
Big day Yannick come on
This game is giving me angina
Low key loving how tight this game is already!!
What is the percentage of kick returns that have an illegal block in the back called on them?
bruh Tua got sack stripped dont even care lets goooo Ravens
That drive would've died out and been a 3 and out with most other QBs in the NFL
James Conner too slow to turn the corner against our LBs
Remember when Ebron said he was the best TE in the division? Lmao
???
BRUH
What the fuck did he do????
WTF peters you dumbass
Steelers fans didn’t y’all just complain about flags? Youre WRs soft
Uncatchable and he didn’t really do anything
That’s such bull
We're even now
Kind of a weak call ngl but not awful either
That wasn’t catchable... wtf
but.........where?
I wonder if the Steelers sub will recognize how bs that call was...but probably not
What?!
Wooooo
That's baby soft
Fuck yeaaaaaaa
Lets fucking goooooo
LETS GI
Payback bishhh
Claypool is a bitch
Fumbleeeee
Fumble!!
LETS GO PETERS THATS A COMPETITIVE MAN
Marlon been teaching Marcus his craft over the bye!!!
Way to make up for that Peters!
Oh my gosh! LET'S GOOOOOOOOO!!!!
God I love playing the Steelers
Oh yeah.
BALL DONT LIE BITCH
Now that's Ravens football
lol really?
FUCK YOU REFS THAT BALL WASNT EVEN CLOSE TO THE STEELERS RECEIVE R
BALL DON'T LIE
Ead you fucks!
Let’s gooooo Peters!!!
JUICEMAN
Fuck these refs
Marcus got me feeling like 👁👄👁
BALLL DONT FUCKIN LIE LIL HOE
Oh Yeah BayBEEEEE
YESSSSSSSSSIR
fuck the steelers
The poetic justice is boner inducing
LETS GOOO 😈😈
Bitch
Gonna be a battle...
Claypool is a great player. That hustle was incredible even if the call stands that we get the ball.
I LOVE THIS DEFENSE!
"We knew this was going to be one of ""those"" games.  Its rainy, kinda disgusting weather and it feels like the rivalry is back.  If anyone expected it to be easier for either side, then I want you are smoking, snorting, boofing, what have you....."
get f\*\*\*ed claypool
MP Juicemannn
I like how they bring 4 and Lamar gets maybe 1.5 seconds. Meanwhile we bring 7 and Ben has 2 seconds to throw that.
I wanna see a deep shot
WAY TO ATTACK THE BALL PETERS LETS GOOOO
Most importantly ball don’t lie
LETS FUCKING GO MARCUS PETERS WOOOOOOOOOO
Oh no
"Man... that has got to hurt

Hope tyre is ok"
Fuck...
Fuck. Our already weak oline is about to get weaker.
"Love watching TJ Watt launch himself into the backfield, taking himself out of the play"
Speed kills
JK
JK THE MAN FUCK YEAH
Steelers fan here. I hope he's ok. I want to beat you guys fair and square.
Dobbins is so good
Dobbins is ELECTRIC
Someone on here said Dobbins would finish this drive.  Sooooo close.  But he set up this drive and deserves a chance.
Dobbins is a future top 5 RB in the league. So explosive
JK
If Bozeman could've got his block JK might've been able to stay inside and take it
JK
"THIS MAN IS A FUCKING SUPERSTAR

GO DOBB GO"
JK my boy
Wow JK running sideways
LOL JK!
BIG BOY NO LITTLE BOY
JAY. KAY. ALL. DAY.
Bro JK is so good.
DOBBINS IS NASTY
There’s the run game I love
Yo lamar changing plays is making me wet.
F F F.
I can't believe we were able to draft JK Dobbins
JK Dobbins is absolutely a joy to watch.
Let JK COOK
"okay, guys, we might have drafted a legit great RB"
yuck
I can’t
God dammit
Okok
What are you doing Lamar
Jesus Christ this game is gonna be crazy..
Jesus christ man
Lamar come on.
lamar needs to chill with the pump fakes
At least PIT is pinned back.
Please just keep running maybe
GET A SAFETY
We need to be running more rub plays to open guys down in the redzone too.
Really bad spot there
Man that is a back breaker that deep.
Chuck took a bad angle on that run :(
Interesting play call for them. Must have been miscommunication
Let's go D.
3rd and 10? Thought that was a tackle for a loss
We’ve had good field position all game
Lol bad spot too
get off the field!!!!
so i just read about a pie that has a berger cookie filling and now i need 7
That's like a 5 yard fuck up by the ref.
The Defenses have come to play lol. Offense? Not so much.
Awful punt but cool
Come on shot to Hollywood plz!
Lamar is so much more deer in headlights this year. Where the fuck is the option?
There you go
there's mvp lamar
"Great play, don't force shit. Use your legs."
See Lamar that’s why you run my guy!!
Omfg
Oh no.....
Oh shit.
Fuck
FUCK
Jesus fucking christ
Are you fucking kidding me
Oh God no..
NOOOOOOOO RONNIEEEEE
NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO
Fuck he's in a lot of pain
No please
"God no, not Stanley!!!!"
These plays are disgusting.
Mother fucking mother fucking
Oh my god
Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck
There goes the 100 million dollar man
Our online is bad enough as it is already. DANGIT!!!
oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck
Not Stanley. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuuuuck
please god no...
This is not good
Fuck no no no no no no no
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Welp...pack in boys
😭
Fuck. We really need an oline
Shitty play call by Roman lead to a traffic jam resulting in Stanley’s injury smfh
Fuck that looks bad.
fuck
Fuuuuuuck
This is not ideal
FUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKKK
Figures
FUCKFUCKKKKKKKKKKK FUCK ME BRO
I need more alcohol fuck
Jesus fuck no.
"NO NOOOOOOOO 

FUCK"
OMG NO
Fuck.
His ankle!
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
And that’s fucked
Well this went as poorly as it could have
Welp it’s over
FUCK
It’s a wrap for our o line. smh
Pause. Forfeit.
His leg... im gonna be sick
Damnit
Holy shit fuck TJ watt. Cut his fucking legs the rest of the game
Damn his season is over
Of course it was Watt
That is broke no doubt.
"oh what do you know, Steelers aggressive hits are hurting players :|"
Yikes bro our oline going to be terrible now
ah thats the season lets hope the surgery goes well or the window has closed
That’s an ankle. His ankle is fucked
Fuck 2020 no one is safe!!!!
Also can we talk about how the refs blow the whistle too early so instead of lamar making a play and getting the ball out for an incompletion they get an 8 yard sack lol
2 lineman who get  rolled up on in a quarter is just fucked man his knee is gone. Be lucky to be back by training camp
Lamar with no WRs and now no line too =/
Next man up.
Shit not Ronnie
I can't handle this.
That’s broken
That Stanley injury looks bad..I don't see how it's not a serious injury.
Out for the season no doubt so glad dude got his money tho. Man this fucking sucks lose 2 players in 1 Game
"Not like this, not like this"
"Brown to LT, Fluker at RT again?"
Damn new contract too
depending on how bad this is... that really might be the season
Let's hope he is ready for next seasom
Damn I’m tearing up watching him go off the field
Who the ravens trading for on OLine now?  Now 2 huge holes at G & LT.
EDC needs to get us an O-Line stat
Still have time to make a trade
NOOO
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
"Nothing a shot can't fix in this league s/
Dang. Love that guy."
At least get a field goal
ive been having a shit last few days so it was fucking inevitable
There is only one person on the team more important then Stanley
"Ok Greg, let's see a play to get 9-10 yards and a FG"
Christ I hope he's okay guys. Freak injury.
Wouldn’t some screens make sense against the Steelers aggressive front 7?
I really don’t wanna watch this offense without Ronnie
Malik Harrison’s pre draft stuff is so weird to me now. He flashes plenty of speed and quickness. You would have thought he was slow as shit
Thjs feels like fake punt territoy
Defense playing really well.  Think TOP will wear down Steelers.  Need to keep running.  Still in a good spot.
Thank God we have at least some tackle depth
Just a sloppy game all the way around.
keep forgetting to breathe
Ben looks a bit off
I think we get a bonefide guard and try all other options at LT
"Our offense has completely kept them in this game, even before Ronnie went out."
"That pick 6 to the scrub LB was such a killer mistake. The Steelers offense isn’t very good in general and haven’t done anything today so far. Can’t spot them points. 

Roman needs to draw up some designed runs for Lamar, back the defense up, and go to play action so the receivers actually have a chance to get open."
Need to get Andrews and Hollywood involved the game on this drive.
"The way this game is going, if we can score 2 touchdowns and add a field goal, we will win. Going to be tough due to their d-line. Might be in line for a Justin Tucker game winner here"
Let’s keep doing that
TRUSS THE BUSS
Good run by the GusBus!!
We have the defense to win a championship.
"Lol, seriously, can we PLEASE just keep running the ball?"
"For all the whining, their offense looks just as bad or worse..."
All week I thought this game would be won by our defense shutting down their offense.
Boys were finally running the god damn football. Isn’t it beautiful.
Keep the run game you cowards
We need to tank for Joe Burrow
Gus is gonna get payed somewhere soon
That's why we need to run!
Pound their bungholes with these runs
Keep running it
Gus and JK that's all we need today
"Have to score, our defense is playing far too well to only be tied"
THIS BUS DONT STOP
Just run the ball and rely on Tucker
Its crazy that Mark Ingram starts over Gus and Dobbins.
Still mad Gus only got 3 carries vs the Titans...
Didn't even make a good rush there and still got 5-6 yards
Fucking ground pound!  It works!!!
WOBBINS
Top defense my ass. Run it down these stupid motherfuckers throats.
Just run the ball every play from here on out.
Gus gonna truck TJ
"Silver lining is that our o-line wasn't horrible with this tackle formation the previous game for stanley. Still, that's about as big a loss as our season could have besides lamar :("
\#WE NEED TO KEEP RUNNING UNTIL THEY STOP US
Dobbins is literally ray rice. He’s so strong for his size
This is why you fuckin run Greg thank you. Please keep this up.
Holy shit he’s quick dude took off
These down hill runs are stunning their overly aggressive D line.  Let's keep it going!
I love ingram but gus and dobbins are better
Dear lord where has this play been all year?
This is looking like our offense last year !!
This drive looking like 2019
Just keep running the ball. With all these OL out... keep it simple and just run.
Steelers adjusting. 8 in the center of the field and w/in 7 of los. Lamar takes outside.
We angry
4 yards x 3 is 1st down!! Let's go!! Pound that shit
LITERALLY RUN EVERY SIGLE PLAY
I love this. Don’t stop running until they stop it.
"run angry, run for ronnie!!!"
You love to see it
"“So they’re just running the football down the field.”

You don’t say..."
Vintage Jackson
keep running it
"Steelers d line making me scared of injuries, just diving their weight on our players legs"
I was just about to say I want Lamar to keep the ball on runs too. Let's get these three running
RUN RUN RUN
Please pound it
Richard is a blocking machine.
Run opened that up. Lotta center field action.
"Crazy what happens when you establish the run Roman, you fucking tool"
Give Dobby the ball
wow about fucking time Roman figured out running the ball and throwing to the TE is good
Quick passes and run that’s gotta be our offense without Ronnie
Lamar got POPPED at the line.
Are we going back to last year's playbook with Ronnie out?
Runnnnnn
WE BACK
"Crown of the helmet to the head, runner or not... Where is the call for that? Dirty fucking bastards."
It's simple!! Run that damn ball and we get easy completions!!!
Fuck the Steelers!
"Fuck yeah, running the ball!"
I fucking loved that drive. HELL YEA BABY
Touchdown!
That was a goddamn drive guys!
"they worked out that passing plays are better, when you have to respect the run"
That should be a TD
Ouch
See what happens when you run the ball Roman!?
Gus is a fucking monster
GUS BUS
Should be 21-7 if we didn’t fumble last time in the red zone
"Fuck you shittsburgh, eat the fucking run"
**great fucking drive keep running down their throats**
KEEP SMASHING IT DOWN THEIR THROAT DONT LET OFF
LETS GO D LOOK THEM UP
The Gus Bus is fueled up and ready to roll!
Take that shitsburgh
let's gooo
Might have gus be my first jersey
That's Raven football right there!
"I'm not going to bother looking it up, but I feel like this is the least I've seen Ben play in a Ravens game ever. Their offense is non-existent. You hate to see it."
Sticking to our guns! Roman making the adjustments
"Run.
The.
Ball."
"Yes, back to the basics and our identity...running the fucking ball."
This is what you get when you run the ball! Lets go!
"So what? If the D keeps up and we can run it like we're seeing, we'll be fine.  We've turned it over twice.  Let's settle in and get back to the historic rushing attack we know we have."
so grateful for gus. he'd be a starting RB on just about any other team
Left Ankle for stanley
"Turnovers aside, we're looking great on both sides of the ball right now"
KEEP FUCKING RUNNING THE BEST RUN OFFENSE LAST YEAR EVER FOR A REASON
RUN THE BALL + TIME OF POSSESSION AND WE CAN WIN EVERY GAME FUCK THE STEELERS
Let's get the O back on the field and keep running it on their gased defense
turns out if you play to your strengths good things can happen. huh.
"Aw, McAlister, Sizzle, Ray, Matty S.

Brings a tear to your eye!"
Make these fuckers swallow the fucking ball
Ben’s passing hasn’t looked good today...I think we have a pick in us
"It pains me a little that it took Ronnie getting injured for Roman to change up the scheme. Like why tf wouldn’t what we are doing now work with Stanley, hint it would be better you twat."
"Ingram could have a hard time getting back to a starting spot. Gus and JK both are both doing it all. Big plays, grinding on 1st, and falling forward to turn losses into 3-4."
Love to see Conner with two hands on the ball the entire time because he’s scared of marlo punching it out
"Haha, Coach and Player having a little heated discussion"
Are they playing for PI's lol
"Gotta love how the JETS of all teams are playing the Chiefs closer than we did. Come on, Harbs, Roman and Wink. This is not OK."
Can someone who knows more about sports injuries/o lineman tell me about stanley? Ankle is better than knee right?
"It's not over till the fat lady sings. Figth Defense, figth!"
Dammit
Is Yannick playing today?
Marlon is heated
I LOVE ME SOME MCPHEE
Pernell really set the edge there
Anyone surprised Judon was the one who gets flagged
Looked like Judon hit the ref.
Should offset.
This is nothing or off-setting flags. Let's keep the game moving please.
"Ok, maybe we can keep judon"
Fuck Judon
FUCK
Typical way the Steelers get back in a game
Bullshit!!!
This is horrible
Cut Judon.
Fuck
That’s fucking bullshit
Little boy no big boy got punked. Love peters on this play
Fuck the refs flopping
STUPID ASS
"Ok, not supporting that one. Didn’t realize he hit an official. That’s dumb as shit."
That was so damn stupid
Trade Judon
What?
I never want Judon back on the field again for the Ravens.
Judon being retarded again
"ah, classic Ravens-Steelers"
Judon ejected from the game. I’m not too upset about that
Wow. What a half
I knew he was out of the game.
judon... cmon dude
Wtf?
I guess we'll see how much we need or don't need Judon now
Id cut him
Don’t let the door hit you on the way out Matt
Judon is fuckin dumb
"Wow, dumb"
Well it’s not like we’ll notice if Judon is or isn’t on the field 🤣
Cmon Judon!!
Fuck me that's dumb there. But Johnson over there shoving coaches no problem
Judon upgraded from Roughing the Passer to being thrown out of the game
Judumb
Judon officially in the dog house and gone
"The ""Bullshit"" chant came back for a few seconds there lol"
I think judon just sent himself out of town after the season.
Big props to the fans getting a bullshit chant going
Holy shit
"Fucking lose 3 starters in one game, Jesus fucking christ....."
McPhee > Judon
Calais Camwall.
"Soft call, but he made contact whilst swinging and it is what it is"
Oh no it’s a 3rd and long
Lol - 54 skipping them back on that penalty.
This is one intense damn game!
"I've seen guys get ejected for less contact than that against refs, its basically the only thing these guys ever call consistently."
Sure is a good thing the Steelers offense is so fucking bad lol
absolute horseshit call
It’s ok Daddy McPhee will save us 🥺
"ELLIOTT BABY

JOKER TIME"
LETS GO!
ELLIOT
ofcourse the Steelers playing chippy and they punish you guys...
ben isn’t even asking to get hit like this!
Gobble was the right verb to use for Ben.
Tucker could hit it from there
"4min drill time. We can get some points before the half, and we're in good shape."
Defense is fucking balling
"Now keep on running that ball boys, run that rock."
Notice how successful we are when we press receivers at the line. Strayed away from it this year and it’s cost us.
I wanna see hollywood make an appearance
Judson has more ejections than sacks in the past 3 weeks...
So do the refs start calling all the dirty hits on lamar now?
"Disaster of a game so far and still up. 

Pick 6, RedZone fumble, stanley/phillips injury, and Judon getting ejected."
This Steelers offense is the most toothless I've seen (led by Ben) in a while.
The only thing that’d surprise me at this point is Ben not getting hurt
Ben hurting. Knew it. Called it last night.
"Great run, keep it up"
Need a long time killing drive that results in any amount of points to end the half. They get the ball back so a 2 score buffer will be super important.
"They're now doing what they did against RG3 last year.

They're gonna pretend they didnt see Lamar hand the ball off just to hit him."
Come on llama.
"Lol, Jackson got stripped by the air. Nice first down pick-up"
Jackson with the Boller impression: unassisted fumble.
Plz don't scare me like that Lamar
Lamar stripped himself
Sheesh get this man a towel
Tuck that ball on a day like this Lamar
Yo what awareness by Lamar to fall on that though
"Jeeesus Lamar, don't scare us"
That dude Tuitt is fuckin huge lol good lord
lamar please don't do that again
Man Lamar trying to give me a heart attack
YOOOO WTF is this ball
Gotta tuck it but that was weird as fuck. Not like Lamar even hit it with his own body. Definitely some wet-ball-itis.
"Keep it simple. 

keep doing what we're doing on D

Up the gut on offense. 

Let Tucker kick the game out of reach."
God i hope the Ravens beat the Steelers. That would put them in such a better place
"Awareness! It’s wet, hold the like a rb"
"Someone proposed to his GF first game back 

https://twitter.com/ravens/status/1322982603755081728?s=21"
I just realized that was lamars first ever pick 6
FUck me...
Man lamar.
Not an int
Jesus lamar...but no catch
Is that Boykin late on his route again?
"Boykin, wtf man..."
That was so close my god
"Wasn't on Lamar, one hell of a play"
LAMAR NO
Don’t even throw the ball for the rest of the game idc
"Ball hit the ground but damn, what an effort by Haden"
What in the hell is Lamar doing throwing that.?
Incomplete.
"Terrible throw by Lamar, what was he doing there?"
This is exactly what a steelers Ravens game should be and I can’t even enjoy it because of stanley. Fuck
hit the ground no way that’s an interception
That ball hit the ground
Boykin has to come back to those
The invention of the forward pass was a mistake
"Shit throw.

r/ravens: lamars playing perfectly"
That’s coming back. Everyone breath.
Thank god that hit the ground. Bailed out Lamar 😬
This is a bloody long game lmao
He didn't have possession.
"Really bad throw, glad it's coming back. we got lucky af"
Categorically not a pick but I bet they give it to them anyway
No way that’s standing
You didn't have your hand under it you cheating fuck.
What the fuck is Lamar doing today
Run. The. Ball.
That's incomplete
Thank fuck
Why is this taking so long...
I mean he made the right read your man is huge let him.box out but that throw was really really bad.
just run the damn ball.....please. I don't care if Lamar or whoever runs it. Just run it.
Refs be like call stands pittsburgh's ball
We’re winning but aaaaa
Our run game is pretty lethal so far in this game. Is Justice Hill active? I know they said Gus was a little hurt so do we have another active back?
Man if he hadn't run into Zeus he could've kept going.
Man penalties have been a big issue for us
Sloppy
Tomlin crying on the sidelines gives me energy
Seriously what is up with these illegal formations?
Illegal shift I think. Andrews not set.
That was a great play.
"We've been getting so many pre-snap penalties on offense this year, it's insane."
Can we figure out how to play football
Been having way too many formation and shift penalties this year. that’s coaching
What in the ever living fuck
Shift not formation
"Worst refs we’ve faced this year: today or the Chiefs game?  
  
At least the Steelers have gotten screwed a time or two, I guess."
Where’s all those idiots who want Hayden hurst back instead of jk
Great throw away. TJ has been an issue all day
Not a bad throw away.
o line not playing good gets lamar skittish and makes panicked throws. it's not rocket science my guys
Needed a better throw there Lamar. Woulda been near FG range.
Just don't get that. Why split Dobbins wide? Run a jet sweep with Hollywood and give it to Dobbins on the fake.
It’s so slippery passing is going to be useless
Most steelers vs ravens games have ended with 1 score. This will be close
"Play it safe, we have Tucker"
Garbage spot
Lamar constantly has someone in his face
Damn the refs fucked him
3 players with 50+rushing yards. nice
"He got out of bounds, but ok."
Tuck wink
Automatic systematic
Absolutely dominant half without the turnovers
That ball would’ve been good from 65 easy
GOAT doing GOAT things
Tucker can have my babies
Exactly down the middle....man is a kicking God
Horrible half and we up 10 . We are ok guys
God he’s so good. That could’ve gone fucking 60
Are they fuckin serious with that whistle???
Fuck the Steelers
And dobbins needs more carries. Dudes a stud. Pound for pound I’ll take him over KC’s rookie
I’ll take it up 2 possessions defense gotta keep balling and keep running lets fucking go
That was an extra point for him
JK is a monster.
"Tucker is the 🐐🐐🐐. 


Romo didn't say shit about the kick either lmao"
No “best in the league” from Romo?
To quote a certain gif from this week: Steelers Offense? ASS!
Who gets ball after half?
"They get the ball, I want the Ravens to F them up big time."
Thought they said it best at halftime. This is good UGLY AFCN football. Everyone sit back take a breather and say “FUCK THE STEELERS”.
I am loving how the Ravens running game looks right now. The Ravens really looking strong coming out of the bye. Injuries suck but I never thought the team would look fine after losing ronnie Stanley. Ravens defense hasn't allowed any points. I think Lamar's passing game is being affected by the weather but so is ben's. They haven't got anything going in the air or on the ground. I'm a little nervous about the Steelers 2 minute offense so I just hope we can widen the gap a little more in the third quarter.
Dude was wide open
Ngakoue scared him
>RG Tyre Phillips has been ruled out with an ankle injury. - @Ravens
Good job Bowser!
Good d jimmy!
Johnson tried to Torrey it.
Play the ball not the body idiot
Let's score on these fuck bois!!!!
I feel like you don't deserve the call when you slow down immediately and don't keep trying to make the play.
Great coverage by Bowser
captain fatfuck looks washed
Surprised the ref didn’t mark the ball at the 3 yard line
Fuck you fat Ben that’s revenge for that garbage pi earlier on mp
Wanting a penalty there for that? Weak shit
is hollywood playing?
Dude
Well
JUST RUN
gdi Lamar
lamar has been straight up bad
Lamar a liability in this game.
RUN THE BALL
Y
Big dumb
Jesus Lamar 😵
What a gift
Are you fucking kidding me
Worst game of lamars career
Lamar reverting to the mean in one game.
"I guess we just want to let the Steelers back into the game, huh?"
WHY ARE WE THROWING
That's a forced pass based on the play call. But man og man I thought only linebackers in Madden could do that what a play
lamar wtf man
JESUS TITTY FUCKING CHRIST
Team please. Just grind them down
Defense needs to hold them to three
No effort
Ball shouldn't have been thrown. Play shouldn't have been called.
Fuck sakes
Why do we help shit teams like this. If we run the ball 3 times and punt they still have 0 offensive production
"Lamar just didn’t step into that throw, no reason not to"
Tf is this play calling
Wtf is this defense doing?
Gonna need a juice punch there
w h y
RUN THE BALL
"I still think we win, but if we don't win this game, that interception is the reason."
Probably Queen smh
Jackson seemed to handle that unprofessionally. Makes it hard to not read into the coaching situation.
Steelers only points have been gifted to them by Lamar.
Gifting these bums the game
"I'm glad at least is was over quick. 

Still haven't learned yet?"
Ugh
Sloppy ass turnovers.
"Ok, testing my liver. Wish me luck"
"Past couple of weeks I’d call Lamar a net negative, come on bro"
Man I swear we have a bipolar OC
Fucking Lamar man
Just get back to pounding the rock and we good
"hey team, can we not be dumb dumb in the 2nd half please"
Does it really take this long to straighten this out?
Empty backfield????
"Hey, um, where the fuck is Hollywood? You know, our number one receiver..."
I thought we agreed we aren't doing that anymore
HAHAHAHAHA
"I still want to see Roman call an outside run or 2. I haven't seen many this game, but I think the few that they did worked lol."
"Sad that PITs secondary has been burnt by some fast WRs the last couple weeks, but I mean us throwing 10 yards down the field lol."
Averett would never.
That is awful
That call was bullshit
That's bullshit
Here we go
"Why is lamar playing like he's a 60 rated qb on madden 😂😂 come-on man step it up

(Edit spelling)"
Clark got sonned
How was that a PI?
"Ah, OK. Their game plan is just to have Ben chuck it to draw flags. Got it. Cute."
Still playing against the refs too
HOW IS THAT A PEN???
Fuck this fucking game
Moving the ball with ease
Where did our defense go
What the fuck are Queen/Board doing. They just sat there and watched him sit in the zone.
Why are we just letting them have every single catch?
Why’d we stop blitzing..
Please get a takeaway
Fuck this
[deleted]
God fucking dammit dude
Did Steelers not address RB in the offseason? Conner-Samuels is a very meh tandem.
SMH....Ravens
This particular game feels like the 2010 playoff game.
"With the way lamar is playing and how our defense can’t stop them now, i don’t see us winning this."
I can’t even put it in to words what’s going one feels like we have dominated
RUN. THAT. FOOTBALL.
"welp, Lamar's fault for this one, shitted away a potential blow-out game"
Time for the offense to pull up their big boy pants and do something the get the momentum back
"No way is this on the defense. That was the only TD they have given up.  This game is on Lamar so far, he has to be able to close it out and get the win. If not, most of the blame is on him"
"It's a combo....
We are predictable.
This is on Jackson, but it's also on Roman."
"crunch time, let's go"
Lamar directly responsible for -17 points: two INTs and missed FG attempt (at least) in the red zone \*facepalm\*
Late hit.
"Was planning to watch this game sober. 

I've uh...changed my mind for the remainder."
Why is Pittsburgh taking late hits on their best player of the game 🤔
Fuck it. I blame Madden.
Oh so we’re not calling run plays anymore huh
Time to answer the call.
"Roman, we should've ran it on the first play of that drive. That's wtf I'm talking about..."
Qtr scoring streak on the line
I miss last year
Designed runs.
Fuck sakes Mandrews.....
"Thank God! That play was crazy, omg!"
My heart can’t take this!
"I saw that coming a mile away. We are playing so sloppy, off a fucking BYe."
Saw that coming.
Lucky play
Running the ball is only going to get you so far.
Who else screamed BEHIND YOU to Andrews hoping he could hear us but won't lol
No no you dint bring the ball back nothing says that it should be brought back
So we run now .... outstanding galaxy brain fucking logic I am upset and my day is ruined
Fuck me raw everyone needs to focus more on offense Andrews has to feel that pressure and protect the football.
Fire Greg Roman
We had 130+ rushing yards in the first half and now we’re dropping to throw every down
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT ROMAN????
This is pathetic
So what’s up with this sidearm throw? I really don’t like it. Looks so unnatural.
No justice no block
The fuck kind of play call is that LMFAO
Not touching Watt at all is a big no-no.
Paper tigers
why does it seem like we always get the worst reffing of the year in Steelers games?
We need a turnover here
I talk shit about Chris Moore but he’s an excellent special teamer
"This second half offense is trash.  This second half defense is garbage.

You guys blaming one and not the other aren't watching the same game I am."
“I’m 1000% better” lmao my ass
I swear watt isn’t even touched lol
3rd and 8 alright buddy we are going to run the option
"damn, is this gonna be our first non-scoring quarter?"
Lol my streams are juiced.
Run the fucking ball
Pitt scores here the game is over
Yikes that was really bad man. Defense is going to have to step up and win the game for us.
Please get a takeaway
Greg roman did not run when we were up 17 7 now he is calling run plays smh
Our run play design is okay. Pass play design needs work. But I think the actual play call sequencing is hurting the most right now. I would love to keep Roman on as a run game coord and let someone else call the plays if possible.
"We need to get them off the field and fast so we can play our game. Don’t get cute, run it."
The D has to win the game for us
Still can't get to the QB. Ben has too much time.
"Come on Lamar, shift the momentum here"
Good run Proche
Thank goodness our defense is more than decent
Cleveland with 2 field goals lol
"So, so thankful for this defense."
We are due for a comeback.
I haven’t heard the name Ngakoue yet this game...! Makes me sad 😢
"good stop, defense.

offense, don't turn the ball over. plz."
you would think the game is over if you only read this thread. Guys theres a lot more football to be played. relax
"On the bright side, the Titans are losing by 17 to the Bengals and the Browns are losing by 10 to the Raiders."
Let's goooooo defense. Wink knew the screen was coming. Great fucking job
Ughhh
FFS
Man what happened
Just sat there and ate the fucking sack
O-line not even attempting to block anymore. Just run every play at this point.
Dude this shit is fucking insanity.
Maybe Lamar just can’t play without his hypeman?
Fuck it pull a Flacco and go for a PI
Christ. 3rd and Jackson.
FUUUCK
Why does Lamar run into sacks?
"So.... honestly, when we starting Dez Bryant?"
"No o line and no receivers. Been the story or the season. Cover Andrews, cover Hollywood and collapse the inside o line."
At least the chiefs will repeat as SB champs anyway. I’m so dead inside
"I knew this game would be a pivotal point for this season. Will we see an adjustment and improvement on the offence coming off the bye? I think we saw a flash, but not much else. I think it sets the tone for this season and I don’t think this team is where it needs to be on that side of the ball."
YES
BOUT FUCKING TIME!!!!!!
THERE WE GO
THANK YOU. A VERTICAL PASS.
There we fucking go
There we go!!
"Offense had all two weeks to gameplan to do fuck all outside of be a liability. Lamar can't throw today, our wrs are abysmal at best, Romans a hack who draws up his pass plays with half chewed crayons, and the oline is patchwork with our the LT likely out for the season. Fuck"
DUVERNAY!!!!
At least we're not the Titans...?
And now we see Duvernay...
FUCK YES NICE PLAY
I'll take it
Playing five-wide with this line and 2nd & 8... DoNt bLaMe eVEryThInG oN GrEg rOMaN
Holy fucking POPE SHIT
LETS GO
"Jesus, fuck this xfinity ad with the awful cover of Fleetwood Mac's *Go Your Own Way*"
FINALLY
"i can't believe we are down right now, just unbelievable"
Oh my goodness
DUVERNAY
# I BELEE
"Like I said, we should’ve been passing deep all season. We never throw deep"
Just when I feel like giving up they pull me back in is this what it’s like to be in an abusive relationship??
VAMOS!! LETS GO!!!
Now that's what we needed
Making spillane look like jack lambert smh
Defense fighting to keep the game tight reminds me of all the flacco years.
I’ve never heard of Spleen fella before today but I swear he’s the only guy playing for Pitts D today
Fuck these refs
That's the Lamar Jackson we all tuned in to see!
Bullshit flag!!!!
#OF FUCKING COURSE THERES A FLAG
Im telling you Duv is fucking legit
pocket didnt instantly collapse nice
lmfao we finally get a good play from Lamar and the refs take it away of fucking course fuck this game
Are you fucking kidding me
Of course
Someone please beat Skura with a shoe.
That's a hold?
Might as well kick the fg now
Have they had a holding call all day
Please no flag please no flag
Use JK
All the uncalled shit amazing
That’s absolute bs
flag... sigh
FUCKING HOLDING
THAT WASNT A FUCKING HOLD
Hahahahahahaha
DAMN IT
FUCK EVERYTHING.
Such a BS flag my god that just saved the Steelers game
Greg Roman must have published a book this off season on how to read is play calling
That's soft
Wow his hand was there but clearly let.go
SNEAD SORRY FOR TALKING SHIT LOL
SNEAD IV JUST DRAGGIN' A GUY
Sneeeeeeeeed
Steelers defense acting like Lamar can’t throw
Snead has been having a fantastic game
QUESTIONABLE CALL
These damn refs are trying their best to screw the Ravens today!
another soft call by these bitch ass refs
Ref ball gotta love it
Gotta play against the refs too
Phantom calls
SNEADDDDD
BULLSHIT
That was a soft fucking hold
"What, what is this. I'm not using to this feeling in the second half"
Let us go.
LETS FUCKING GÒOOOOOOO
horrible call lol
HORSESHITTT
Prove ‘en wrong offense
What the absolute fuck was that bullshit ass fucking call?!
"Another game, another session of getting done dry in the ass by the fucking zebras.

I fucking hate NFL refs. They are so utterly, incredibly, actively useless."
"lmao pansy soft coverage right there, good job making em pay"
Ravens are  so much better when they play with tempo
Snead getting that game ball. Most relatively underappreciated pickup of the last few years IMO.
Lamar has that look in his eyes guys I think he woke up guys I think he realized he’s the ducking problem too
Lamar getting his confidence back here I hope. Dude has looked so clearly downtrodden most of this year
Damn 39 buy him some dinner first.
Snead is playing with ferocity today
He a got a knee...fuck
It's the consecutive scoring that was making us not gel. Now we will explode and not score every odd quarter
Lamar put a little too much air on that. A little less and that’s a TD
The shin is down that counts
Clear mark where the knee landed
UGHHHHHH
That won’t count
The knee is in. Created a bend in the turf
man that knee was right on the line. how do they judge that in tennis
"Why do they not call that a TD when every TD is reviewed? Call it a TD and then make sure. Not calling it one means you have to waste a challenge, I hate that shit."
Don’t think there is enough to overturn that. If it was called the other way I’d say the same. It’s too close to overturn imo
Think ruling on the field will stand. It’s super close whether the left foot comes down before the right knee
Waste of a challenge
Why do we have to challenge a scoring play
His kneecap literally hit the line. Is that in or out?
Call stands
I’m not seeing the knee touching guys...
"I realy really love that lamar floated that, same with the duvernay throw, the best way to helpnur recievers is to put air under the ball"
No idea. Don't think they'll overturn it.
1 knee=2 feet
I think the knee was out
Not even close at that angle.
BALL DOESNT LIE
Redemption!!
GETS IT AWAY LFG
LET'S GOOOOOOOOO!!!!
With the AB dance lmao
Wait guys might be a flag somehow
LET'S GOOOOOOO
Lets go
Great drive. Defense do your thing.
Lets goooooooo
"Hollywood still got his tittie.  

Y'know that Lamar and Brown were probably talking while waiting and both knew they were gonna try to get that there."
HOLLYWOOODDDD
THERE WE GO.
Fuck em
Instant justice!
That’s for you Hollywood!
HOLLYWOOD BABY!!! DEFENSE YOU'RE UP!!!
BALL DONT FUCKING LIE
BALL DOESN'T LIE
we always got to make it exciting 🙄
He’s back. Lamar looks like Lamar of last year
Are they playing La Marseillaise in the bank?
Side note: we have a chance to break the NFL record for most consecutive games with 20+ points next week against the colts.
Just noticed the gold MO in the endzone. Nice touch.
Oh that atmosphere is awesome
Please keep this intensity Lamar.
"R - A - V - E - N - S 

RAVENS"
It’s gonna be roughing the passer cause refs
If they call roughing I’m going down there and punching a ref
Peters needs to turn his head that's two picks I think he could've had.
YEAH PICK THAT FUCKING FLAG UP!
Finally the refs decide to give us a good call.
Phew
Thank God man. That would have been crazy
They picked up a flag?!?!?   THEY CAN DO THAT?!?!? /s
Titans getting smacked by the Bengals lol
If he got a roughing I am literally going to scream.
"How can you guys not enjoy this game?? It's so good!! 

I love nail biters"
"If it's clear and yella, you got juice there, fella! If it's tangy and brown, you're in cider town!"
I was about to throw something at the tv
That should not be a Roughing
"Based refs, not calling RTP there"
Queen don’t give up on the play wtf
"After seeing the replay, i’m pretty surprised they didn’t call that"
Bonds is straight trash
Bonds just stopped playing? WTF
who even is bonds
bonds is definitely gone after this
Why the fuck did he give up on that play?
There’s a reason he’s on the damn practice squad I guess
Bonds wtf man
38 is getting cut after this game lmao
Get bonds off the field bra
Bonds WTF
Yeah stupid tackle
Release Bonds now
Annndddd.... a facemask.
Bonds again!
Can bonds never play again
WAS THIS BONDS DUDE SIGNED THIS MORNING?
Fuck 38 get him out!
Who the fuck is Bonds?
CLARK WTF
"Whoever this Bonds guy is is fucking awful, needs to be off the team asap for giving up on that play."
Not sure about Terrell Bonds boys
Bonds is not having a great sequence of plays here
It’s Barry bonds
WHO TF IS BONDS. He is getting targeted EVERY PLAY.
How many penalties we got today? As many as philly?
38 is a fucking bum. Who is this guy
Get him off the fucking field.
Bonds looking like ass these last two plays.
Man can we get our defense back ......
Bonds thought it was dropped lol
Wow are we seriously gonna choke on this drive..
"When the games close, we commit a ton of penalties.   Smh"
What was that bonds. He walked away.... hopefully he walks away from the team
I don't even know who this Bonds guy is but he's having a horrendous day
Chuck can't be doing that.
Turns out preseason hero Terrell Bonds needs some more time
Bonds is hurting us
I think the refs get bored sometimes so they just throw flags
Get bonds out of there holy shit.
I like how none of us have heard of bonds but he’s our third CB
WHO IS BONDS??
Jesus even when we get to him he still makes the play.
Looks like Bonds isn't going to last long here
Get bonds out
Bonds stinking it up
Bro....
Get bonds tf outta here rn
"Get him off the field, he gets burned and fucks up"
Man 38 has not looked good on those two plays
"Cut Bonds holy shit. He’s like the anti Melvin, coming in as a no one and fucking us up"
Bowser is doing great in this production in the role of Matthew Judon
Low key - we are getting nice pressure off 4 today
You guys blaming Averett....be careful what you wish for.
Fuck Tomlin but he does like kinda cool
Feels like we get pressure every down and Ben does his bullfighter routine. So annoying
Can we agree that Bonds needs to go back to the practice squad after this week
Why are we fucking giving up on plays before they’re over?
Could we actually get to Ben please
Come on dude let's get a fucking stop
"We have to get home, otherwise Ben will feast"
We gotta stop these penalties they are killing us
Humph almost punched that out
"Lower your shoulder, Marlon. Could have stopped him there."
No fucking way
Here it comes
Refs definitely have money on the Steelers
And again the D melts down with bad penalties
THAT IS OPI
Fuck these refs!
FUCK OFF
Fuck
Defense has looked sloppy this half
Refs are fucking us
That's OPI
fuck my life dude
For fucks sake defense
[Me watching the Steelers slowly drive down the field](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/804/617/d5b.jpg)
what the fuck.
To think the Steelers fans were bitching about us being given a TD earlier. Bet they're real quiet about that now
Getting real sick of all this soft zone shit
"Gave away too many yards on that possession.


Pretty disappointing. Feels like defense never shows up in big games. Red zone defense nonexistent"
Run pass run coming up
We have come back from behind twice in this game already. Let's do it one more time with a soul sucking run pass balance drive that chews all the clock.
Do we trust this offence to go down the field again?
Man our team has been awful with penalties last few games.
"I just want this game to be over, tbh. Hope we run it a ton and then get down to knowing we have 4 downs. Either Lamar and Roman can do it or they can't."
RUN THE GODDAMN BALL
i've got work tonight and i'm pretty sure i'm going to regret waking up for this game at this point
We college now
Wishbone time
Dobbins is so good.
Long slow drive for a score... let’s do this!!
Next time he should truck fitzpatrick
Unleash Dobbins
Feeling like this could be That Drive.
All aboard!!
GUS BUS
THIS DRIVE IS BEAUTIFUL
Our running game looks way better without Ingram.
JK ALL DAY
HONK HONK
God damn dobbins
Dobbins has looked damn good.
"keep running it, they can't stop it"
I think Pitts plan is to just let us run the ball down them in hopes of another drive
"Motherfucker just do what works, how hard is that?"
JK Dobbins 14/111 and counting
Y’all reckon we can get 2 100+ rushers??
JK 😍
Well good news is the Browns pulled a Browns (no disrespect to the Raiders tho)
holy shit i love JK
Dobbins is pretty good
JK should now be the starter.
Oh fuck yes Greg keep going I'm almost there
This is why we drafted dobb
"That toss play getting mighty cute, don’t fumble it"
This drive is where the time of possession pays off
"It’s almost like when we call a run, most times we do good. Weird isn’t it"
"That's like, 6 Injuries from both teams."
Dude Dobbins and Edwards are putting in some serious WORK today
Roman playing Madden..just spamming the same 2 plays lol
I think I see the Ravens trading Justice for a pick in the off-season and drafting another RB. Keep Ingram for one more year but let Dobbins carry the load.
"Friendship ended with Ingram, Dobbins is my new best friend."
Heyward flop to slow down momentum
Tj still desperately trying to hit Lamar
I love ingram but i swear to god if he gets the majority of the snaps next week...
"Brown in the end zone, just do it"
Take your time. Get the TD.
"Just keep running that ball, baby."
Milk this fuckin clock bois
"The story of this game is refs suck, injuries suck, and JK Dobbins is a beast."
Need to kill more clock with the way the refs are playing.
Shouldnt snap the ball with more than 3 seconds on the play clock
So are we gonna give Greg player of the game for actually running the ball when we are down?
Can nobody get open?
GO FOR IT
Damn it
Is there such a thing as the offense moving the ball too well? I think this might be it.
Game probably on the line here.... fingers crossed
They should have run that play before the warning. What the hell are they thinking?
Dobbins gets the ball here.
We got this
God I feel so sick rn we need this shit
truss
I'm calling it.  Either we score on 4th down here or they stop us short and turn over on downs
"Lamar had the whole right side open, why fucking cut inside"
TRUSSSSZ
I can’t take this shit man
"Lamar had two guys in the middle (I think) and he didn’t throw it, he can make those throws but he needs to trust himself to."
Game on the line right here.
"This game, just from a third party perspective, is very good"
"If we kick a field goal we still have to get a defensive stop anyway, of course we're going for it"
Bad Qb play. Bad coaching with time management. We don’t deserve to win
Despite how much I hate this right now this is ravens Steelers football and why this is such a great rivalry
My heart...
Of course it has to come down to the wire...
Awful call
That was such an obvious playcall
Jfc
I haven't even seen what happened yet. Goddamnit
Lmao what was that
nice stumble
Just give andrews a chance to make a play JFC
"Why are we still in empty, fuck roman, titans game all over again. Stop using empty on 4th"
I am so angry at Lamar.
MOTHERFUCKER!
FUCK. To eager to run
If you cannot pass you cannot win big games.
gg
Let's go D. Gotta step up
Now we need Humphrey to go all hulk smash on the ball
What a stupid fucking call.
Why that run though. Far out
Why the hell was the backfield empty??
GOD DAMMIT SKURA
Fuck me damn it
Fuck
Fuuuuuuck
Sigh
Bad play design. Ravens didn’t deserve to win this anyway.
Lol 😂 fuck that BOOOOOOOOOO
Time to fire Roman. Why? Because we should of been running all season and now it shows.
Nice play calling lol
Lol. Why not call a pass if we're in empty? Let him decide if he wants to run after that
"Trash playcalling in that sequence, unreal."
"I need my one punch marlo, my punch out peters, my sacksonvile 2.0. I want it all out"
"That was a shitty play call, on top of it. They didn’t bite down on that play all day. Why run it now?"
Again too many penalties and dumb play calling.
Missing that timeout...
Wish we would have given it to Gus there.
That was a shit play call..
"Why, why the fuck are we wasting all of our talent. We had the game early and just threw it out the window. I don't even look forward to the rest of the season.

These games are the only thing I've had to look forward to and it's like the management isnt taking it seriously."
Why did Roman call that? How about some misdirection or something. They knew the ravens weren’t passing
There goes the division.
It’s not healthy watching this game
Now where’s the random flag
Queen knocked the hell outta him.
why was peters so far away from claypool like the fuck press up close in this situation
Shades of Ray Lewis
"One last time Bois let’s make sure....

#WE PUNCH IT INTO THE ENDZONE"
Wow game not officially over.
Well looks like we got a minute to do something
"Well positives: JK looks awesome, and we ran the ball well."
Hey we have odds lol
"Holy crap we’re still in it.

This could be the moment this team rallies. Let’s go."
"Block this punt please, football gods"
Winning this game would make it go straight in the history books
"Here we go, Lamar has a chance!"
Just don’t run into the kicker going for a block please
Good hands Proche
Block the kick
"How fast can Hollywood Brown run, and how high can he jump?"
These Steelers games always raising my damn heart rate
Take a shot
LMAO this is a hail Mary prayer. GG boys
Best throw of the day by Lamar.
Wtf
This is where Lamar can make a name for comeback kid
Fuck me Andrews keep running that's a catch
Ruuuuun to the line
Fake shit
Come on Fluker
Lol faker
Fake shit
They better add time
These fools got me stress chugging Natty Boh.
This is it ladies and gents
Wow.
THE FORWARD PASS WAS A MISTAKE
Fuck sakes!!
We might. There's hope.
No reason we lost here we shouldve had extra time at the end but that honestly is the least damning issue catching and calming down lamar tightens up and our receivers secure a little better we can run and throw ravens we got this next time be prepared
Why are we blaming Roman? It’s Lamar who has thrown basically three interceptions this game bringing them in it. Activate Dez man!
You guys are all fucking idiots if you think tj did that on purpose.
"Hate to say this but Lamar's currently leading the ""Blame of the Game"" should we lose"
"I seriously can't stand the ""just run it"" stans in here. How about make a fucking pass, Lamar?"
It’d be awesome if we had a receiver. Like any receiver. We’re throwing out WR 3/4’s and expecting Lamar to bail us out every week.
Can someone pull out the rule book for the refs?
Fuck TJ Watt
[removed]
Fire fucking Greg Roman
Can our GODDAMN O LINE PROTECT LAMAR FROM BEHIND PLEASE? JUST BECAUSE THEY GO INTO THE BACK FIELD DOESN'T MEAN YOU HAVE TO STOP BLOCKING THEM. JESUS FUCK.
"Indecisive Lamar is back, it’s gonna be a near impossible game to win."
"Running the fucking ball is killing them, yet Greg keeps going away from it for some fucking unknown reason. 

RUN THE GODDAMN BALL AND WE WIN it's not that fucking hard Roman"
We should be up 14-0 wtf man
Fuck TJ Watt
Well good season guys
"Jesus fuck, that's not a penalty man"
Judon did nothing wrong
Glad this is getting overturned but DAMN LAMAR. What's wrong with you today?
Incoming salty Steelers when he was trying to sell the pass interference
Lamar is fucking awful. Sorry. Has to be said.
"I love Lamar's little, ""Dats on me"" head tap. Of course it is."
Should be 24 to 0. Period. Dumbass play calling that we didn't need to do has down 4 instead.
This offense is legitimately broken. I think Roman needs to go
Can these zebra cunts fuck off?
Get GREG ROMAN THE FUCK OUTTA HERE MAN
"Lamar might've given the steelers 17, but all the rest of their points came courtesy of the referees.. we should've won that game. Not really mad."
"You happy with that run on third and 8, Roman haters?

Fuck me dead would be nice if we could trust our MVP QB to throw a football, but he has not inspired much confidence today."
Inexcusable throw. 2019 Lamar looking like a flash in the pan.
"Take Watts fucking head off, juju to burfict type shit."
"Fuck the refs, fuck the steelers. Should’ve been a blowout if not for the INT’s and bullshit DPI calls. Time for a beer.."
Man after a crazy night of getting no typa action at the club I can’t take a double L in 2 days pls ravens win
So ready for this game! Nice to hear atleast some fans back in the bank!
Buckle in boys I have a chiefs feeling
Welp. Here goes dumbass pass plays.
Someone needs to deck Watt. He’s playing like a twat
"wow, hell of a throw. This mf so inconsistent"
"For everyone that freaks out after 1 sequence in a game, this is what composure is. Try having some"
"""UuUuGgGhHhH iT's GoNnA bE oNe Of ThOsE gAmEs IsN't It""



-No faith havin, good for nothin, doomsdayers"
Bad penalties
So tired of the Claypool hype. Man has one good game and people are getting their dicks out for him
"no, YOU have the ball"
"I understand the complaints about lamar, but let's also do the honest thing and complement the Steelers defense, they aren't slouches."
Can you guys stop bitching about TJ Watt? Jfc. Its football.
"Yall, Watt didn't do that on purpose."
Of course it was Watt. I know that particular one wasn't on purpose....but of course it was him
"Whelp, there go our SB chances"
Fuck the Steelers!
Can’t watch this game. There is going to be more injuries. I rather lose this game than see players go out for a season.
How is it only the start of the second quarter
"Never pass the ball again, I want to see an Army-Navy looking box score"
Steelers tryna KO Lamar FUCK TOMLIN
No helmet to helmet...? And LFG Gus Bus BABY
Fuck imagine if Lamar didn’t have that pick and fumble
It’s not helmet to helmet if Lamar runs BUT they seem to be looking to hit Lamar at every opportunity.
Where are all the haters that were in this thread 5 minutes ago?
Steelers are dirty AF
"Weak af, ref is a pussy."
Dude they REALLY want the Ravens to lose this one
"Goodbye Judon 

Hello Yannick"
These old as officials need to fuck off like. Absolutely trash.
Peters gets way too god damn emotional. Just play the game.
"Like clockwork, Judon is good for one dumbass penalty every game. 

Great personality, awful football IQ."
HIT THAT RAPE HEAD
"Did anyone actually see the Judon thing? He was pulling his arm free from someone else and it caused accidental contact with the referees arm. It was not intentional, it was not flagrant. He just caught the ejection.

The skirmish itself was boneheaded but the referee incident was really shitty refereeing."
Ben dramatically overplaying an injury? Why I’ll be dammed.
Lamar dude fucking he'll man
Gus having a good game.  Hope he's ok.
So they flag that but not the helmet shot to Lamar....ok
TJ watt pumped to do a course of steroids at halftime
Refs trying to hose us again lmao
"Tomlin knows adjustments. He's going to make Lamar pass. Lamar needs to play better. Pitts D will gas out in the fourth because of Time of Possession. 

Let's win this shit!!!!"
Overgrown it wasn’t catchable.
"Lamar looks like shit. Roman needs to go. It's like once we find something that works , we go away from it because we think we are too smart"
Lamar is going to single handedly throw this game.. no pun intended
This game should be 24-0 right now if not for some really fucking dumb mistakes from Lamar
"We need to stop being afraid of letting Lamar run a lot. Yes, it’s a risk but he’s not a top tier QB passing at all"
Lamar looking like a double agent for the steelers rn
Either we cant see on TV but it never seems like we have a receiver wide open like the ravens D sometimes gives up
3 and out. This offense is broken right now
Can we accelerate Dez from the PS? We need ANYTHING on offense receiver wise.
"Turnovers everywhere, 45% completion rate... amazing we're even in this game, honestly.

Lamar has to be better, and they have to give him some help outside. I'm sorry, but Brown and Boykin is not going to cut it in this league."
Are these refs on crack?
Shitted away a lead to the Steelers lost Stanley and I’m already hungover from last night oh yea today is going to suck big time
Lol bro who tf is J Balvin
"We don't game manage anymore. Instead we try to go punch for punch instead of protecting leads and running the ball and here we are. Every fucking week it seems like.

Lamar isn't an elite passer. I would say he is average and his decision making is poor at times.

So either we reel it in and manage games or we end up living by the Westbrook dying by the worstbrook"
Offense is sloppier than a blow job from a woman with no teeth
If you don't have the ball then block wtf Hill?
Of course Lamar is keeping that Hill hasn't done shit this whole season why would anyone think he would get the ball?
"FUCK GREG ROMAN!

ALL MY HOMIES HATE GREG ROMAN!!"
"btw, our streak of scoring in consecutive quarters seems like its coming to an end."
"WE HAVE 190 RUSHING YARDS

OUR O LINE IS DOWN 2 STARTERS

STEELERS LEAD THE NFL IN SACKS

OUR RECEIVERS ARE HORRIBLE 

WHY DO WE KEEP PASSING!?!?!?"
Lamar haters get fucked!
That was a bad throw. Way too much under that. Should have been an easy completion.
Lamar doesn't throw that so high thats a td
"Look at that divot. That's in. It's in by the tiniest margin, but one knee equals two feet."
Hollywood is great but not WR1 great. Having a taller possession guy in that spot would've paid dividends.
HE DID THE AB DANCE
We got our own fans rooting against us fuck the Steelers and the fake ravens
"Lamar's just as much as the reason the Steelers have a chance as he is the reason the Ravens are winning. With this line and lack of receivers, not many Qbs would be doing better."
Defense getting exposed again
Fire Roman right now what a fucking idiot
We win this game with a QB who can throw the ball.
JuSt rUn tHe bAlL!!!!???!!
4th and 3 let's run a gimmick play with Lamar...instead of pound it with Gus who's perfect for the situation. Jesus Christ Roman.
WHY did we go empty? fuckin run power I and get gus in there
still cant win a big game
Great Lamar had another chance to lose the game for the 2nd time this week....
I can't predict plays worth shit and I even knew what was going to happen with only Lamar in the backfield.
"This is ending with a Lamar turnover.

I want to be wrong."
Fuck this offense. It looks as capable as the worst Flacco years.
LMFAO what are these calls.
Hail Mary
Holy fucking shit
Hit on defenseless receiver? Ugh
That's defenseless
FLAG????
oh fuck off Fitzpatrick you clown
Last gasp play and you throw the ball the Willie Fucking Snead?
"I don't want to get political. 

But please don't forget to vote. Please"
I don’t want to see Lamar throw another time today
Our offense is so predictable. Run the ball for fucks sake
[deleted]
This team will be bounced out of the playoffs with the quickness.
The Lamar apologists are revving up the engine
"Lamar is fucking stupid this year when he's looking downfield with pressure. I swear this man doesn't know how to throw a ball away or get rid of it before 3 seconds. He just stands there pump faking and double clutching like a moron and he gets sacked or stripped. I love the guy, but Jesus fucking get rid of it. Everyone sees it coming but him."
Tj watt so fucking dirty. Why does he need to fling himself like that? What the fuck is wrong with these guys?
"I remember when game threads were fun. Memes, jokes, rhymes, funny stuff. Now it's just all complaining. I've become old i guess"
I might’ve lost faith in lamar
"*7-0 with 13 minutes left in the 1st quarter* 

Ravens fans: ITS OVER!!!!!"
You can’t tell me Lamar isn’t bad after this game
That loss is ALL on Lamar. Period.
Fuck trump
Gift
"Judon you fucking idiot! One of the most common sense rules, don't touch the damn ref! Especially don't swing at them when they're trying to break up a fight"
Sheesh Lamar... maybe we were too harsh on Boykin?
Any No Nut November participants in here?
Man I can't stand Roman. Deligate him to just making run plans
"Win or Lose, Roman needs to be gone. It’s been a trend on every team he has been apart of"
Fuck y’all sad ass trolls
I mean we aren’t crazy right? Last year his throwing was actually not bad. What happend to him that he’s unable to throw a decent pass anymore
Get to the fucking line Lamar.
"Usually, I’m proud to be a Ravens fan but you’re all whining like a bunch of little batches today...  the is gonna be a frustrating loss but it’s not enough to abandon Lamar... come on"
Lamar is literally the reason this team has a chance with it's lack of talent and you fans trash him anyway.
"that is a touchdown, these refs can suck my dick and balls"
Is it worth trading our first for buck Allen to supplement our running back core?
Not one throw the entire drive. Those last 4 calls were awful.
If they score I’m sucking my own dick
Faker. Dirty ass trick.
Roman needs to be gone
Did alright to overcome a shit game by Lamar. He even rebounded which was a good sign. Should've won that but it is what it is.
"What makes this worse is we dominated in every phase of the game. 

Unfortunately that includes turnovers and penalties."
17-7 losing 21-17 thanks Lamar
"Fuck tj watt, hitting Lamar late every play. Guys a bitch"
[removed]
[deleted]
TJ Watt fucking reckless goon
"This is what happen when you let dirty players play dirty without consequence, fucking hell"
"""Tj isn't dirty guys he always whips himself around while tackling a QB 10 seconds late!!!!""

https://imgur.com/a/UxOAUdU"
Concerning that Lamar's accuracy has gotten worse this year
Can someone tell me what’s wrong with lamar this year?
Tomlin sus
TJ a bum
"Let's stop this ""Fuck TJ Watt"" BS. It was clearly an accident."
So many cold takes. Maybe this fanbase has some fat we don't need
Pretty crappy throw.
Still a great game.
"Give the ball to Dobbins, don't let Lamar fuck up yet again."
Headhunt watt idc
Can't beat them? Dive at ankles and hit them late every play! What the fuck is tomlin teaching these clowns?
"Yeah Lamar keep tapping your chest, its on you. Yeah it is on you. Looked good in CLE and its been a downward spiral since. Awful bye week preparation vs an elite defense. Hmm rushing is working let's keep throwing."
TJ Watt fuck you u rat bastard!!!!! 🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼
Can someone explain how that was a dirty play by Watt?
Fuck the Steelers
Yo they talking to this Steelers clown about punching the ball out 💀 bruh we got Marlon Humphrey
"This will be a bad day for us. Their D-Line is much better than our O-Line, we will wtruggle to run the ball and lamar will be under pressure all day. Combine that with the weather, i think we lose 24-13."
Bout time Boykin made a play
Duv scores on that 100%
"Looks like it's once again, Lamar vs the entire other teams defense. Gonna be a long game of the defense isn't lights out."
LaMAr cANt rEad DeFEnsE.
Steelers sub thinks that TD was gifted by the refs from that personal foul...bet theyll be crying for calls when we hit Ben on every play and try to roll his legs up🤔
Fuck you refs we'll beat both you and pitts asses don't give a fuck
JFC Lamar...
COME ON LAMAR
That’s on Lamar cmon dude can’t do that shit
DELAY OF GAME
Season over
FUCK THE STEELERS
Figures. Right after we pay him
WHAT ARE THE ODDS. F U WATT
Didn’t look intentional but what a dramatic ass roll that was. smh
That looked like the Prescott injury.
"Full leg cast, thats an ACL FUCK"
More leg diving from Steelers in 3.....2....1...
Our defense will only keep us in games for so long. I don’t know if I expect us to do much anymore on offense for the rest of the season. Maybe EDC has something up his sleeve for Stanley cuz holy fuck this might have cut our season short
Not to dwell on negativity but fuck man that Stanley injury just deflated my energy :(
"Regardless of the outcome, hard to feel like this is anything other than a disaster due to Stanley’s injury"
Watson with the foot fetish
"Dirty ass hit on lamar there too, fucking hate this team"
That was a cheek clapping drive
Where are all u fake Ravens fans cape'n for the Steelers on that helmet shot to Lamar?
God dammit Judon
The ref flopped smh
Definitely not Judon's fault
Peters is a headcase. Looked like he initiated that shit to me.
"Good call refs, Judon playing dumb"
Honestly can Judon get the fuck off this team any sooner
Judon needs to sit for that next week. Idiot
These refs are so fucking soft man
judon you fucking idiot
"I guess you could say he is... Judone


Okay, I'll leave"
My biggest fear is one of our defenders doing something stupid and getting an unsportsmanlike penalty after 3rd down
"Already lost what, 3 players? Also, we had that drive on lock down, what a freaking way to give it to them."
Judon isn’t even worth the comp pick we MIGHT get from him
Damn we seem to be running better with the injuries 😂
"Is Hollywood playing in this game? Lol

Lamar really needs a #1 receiver..."
"Really bad throw, trying to force it. Cannot afford to give them anything. Lamar honestly got super lucky"
Lamar has been doing an elite Geno Smith impression today
What? That's a ghost call?
I feel like we get close enough for 40 yarder and fake it and let Koch throw a TD pass.
"I honestly thought Mandrews was going to make his name as a top 2 TE this season but man, he has been disappointing"
Hall of Fame
I didnt realize you could tackle pass rushers and not get a flag
Got away with one
Got away with one for sure.
Kinda done with Lamar atm not even gonna lie
"Y’al know what time it is ...

Trace Mc - SORLEY

👏🏼👏🏼...👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼

/s"
LJ is single handily bring this team down..
14 points gifted to the Steelers. Lamar can’t read a fucking defense I’m sorry to say it
Slit my fucking throat I hate everything
And after that i have just about enough of Greg I’m sorry boys I am now officially anti Greg lamar gotta throw it away but that playcall shouldn’t even have been fucking called
Wtf starting to not like Lamars attitude
GARBAGE PLAY CALL
Why is everyone blaming Roman because Lamar can’t complete a pass?
Lol Flacco time
"Also, be kind of cool if Yannick could generate a bit of pressure."
Dude I don't even want to watch this anymore it's too much to handle
This Drive is all on Lamar
How’d we get in this position? We had the game on lock! Run the ball and we decided to throw at every attempt. Disappointing
Some weeks Queen looks like a stud and others he looks like he is playing at the high school level
I'm also tired of so many people defending Lamar. He hasn't played well in the last 3 games. Something needs to give.
We can lose the game... but if we lose because we gave up on our run game I'm gonna need Roman to be on the hotseat
Burgerking > McDonald's
Hell of a lot of time left. Gotta go run down their throats
Really glad opening up with a throw right there great stuff smh
Titans are choking vs the bungles which makes me feel a bit better
We have no throwing offetwhat so ever this year. And we should have never traded away Hurst.
At what point does Harbs get on the mic and tell Roman to run the fucking ball?
Oh come on Skura
That’s clearly a touchdown wtf is romo smoking
That's a fucking touchdown
Lamar you floated that a bit much my guy.
His knee is 💯% down!!
Refs owe us this
Bad throw by Lamar tbh
Right knee was in. Clear and obvious.
"Sucks that it was called incomplete. No way these they overturn it, nothing definitive is going to be seen in their replays."
Head Hunt these fuckin refs
Fucking refs give us a break. Please
Cocksucking refs
"C'mon refs, can't come up with a penalty to call that TD back, you bunch of bitches?"
"Ball don’t lie fellas, give it time"
Lmao bitch ass overrated titans
is that dudes last name niggs?
Ok for real though this game is going down in history
Go with Gus
Here's the problem with this 4th down play...Greg Roman gonna call some asanine play.
"Lmao, in that case you can't put the ball in our worst offensive weapon of the day's hands. Give it to JK and it's a guarantee 3 yards..."
That’s a great play by the DT unfortunately
no shot y’all blaming lamar for that
This isn’t over yet...need a stop
Tbh i think we should seriously consider firing Roman
[deleted]
"lamar doesnt wear down the defense, dobbins/bus did. Wish we didnt have 0 rb on the biggest play of the year. Got a chance but I am ready ot be hurt again."
Why did Mark stop there? That’s on 89.
STOP THROWING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FIELD
Lamar has Andrews open
"Fuck it out in RG3 at running back, Duvernay at QB, Lamar at 0L and dobbins as a receiver 

Confuse the fuck out of Pittsburg"
Fuck Heyward. If we don't get time back for this the refs really do have it in for us
"Steeers fan coming in peace. Sorry for the injury, it seems really bad. I’d never wish anything like that to anyone. Sorry :/"
It’s gonna be a long day boys
"as much as i hate you guys, i hope he is okay and atleast come back this season"
Fuck TJ Watt even if it was an accident
Fuck Watt.
"Fuck TJ Watt, nowhere close to making the play"
"If you guys are really this pissy just watch the defense play, there’s not too much for you to whine about on that front"
Jump off a bridge ref
Judons last play as a Raven
Labum Jackson
Lamar ran NFL Spread offense in college idk what the problem is. He can throw so DO IT
can't believe we choked this
"Bad turnovers by the offense.

But the defense can't get the Steelers off the field.   Stop blaming it all on the offense.  Give me a break.  Wide open receivers."
I think we throw it and it goes incomplete or lamar gets sacked.
Refs win them the game
Lamar lost this game.
Lamar does not make comebacks. Get used to it.
Lamar has regressed
WEAR THE MASK YOU PIECE OF SHIT TOMLIN
Fuck living. Fuck these refs.
Wtf is this coaching staff gonna do about this trash reffing against us? What? Do something fuck
Man we handed them that game
The playcalling was (again) total garbage!
TJ having a day don’t see why you think he’s dirty for doing his job
[removed]
Steelers fan coming to say hope Stanely is ok. I love the physical nature of this rivalry but you never wanna see anybody go down like that.
[deleted]
[removed]
We aren't as good as we think.
lets keep passing! makes so much sense since its been working so well all day
And the hay is in the barn
Bonds fucked us that drive
"Lamar was the best player for the Steelers today.

 Fan with their heads to far up their ass to realize Lamar is part of the problem need to go away."
"""Lamar lost the game"" --yeah he did and it sucks but he wins games for us all the time. Joe lost the every other game for us. Still a 5-2 team. I'm confident we'll peak at the right time"
Bring in RG3 and run something wild.
Throw TJ Watt out of the league!
It’s okay TJ you’ll never be JJ
"Jesus this sub is toxic, you all seem to forget the Steelers have a team too, right?"
All you Judon apologists can lick my balls
"Man y’all complain after a game with advertsity, it’s like y’all expect things to go smoothly. Bounce back is coming back strong for lamar"
Let’s get it
LETS F U C K I N G GOOOOOOO
Is dez playing or nah?
"Whoever made the steelers uniforms look pink in these highlight play videos, I appreciate you"
Alright bois whatever happens have some truzzz
Hoping for no bye week rust. Let’s start of strong the second half of the season!!
Dez in the owner box?
Chris Moore will be out there on the kickoff.
Decent run. I'll take that vs the Steelers
LET'S GO RAVENS
tf
Fucking screens ffs
"On one hand, I wish he caught that, on another, that could've been a loss of yards..."
Damn that was a violent hit
Ofc Duvernay drops that
Another Roman screen 😂
Already...
Mother of God.
A bit high but you gotta catch that. Rain or not.
FUCK ME
Wow...Are you serious?
Wow.
Oh fuck no. OH FUCK NO.
What the fuck man
What the fuck
Yo Lamar just changed the play I have never seen that
God damn it
FUCKKK
Lol
Well that's a hell of a way to start.
Fuck
Just ugh
fuck
Shit play call on that screen
Yikes
Motherfucking fuck fuck
Damn
Was never there....
Ooph.
Well fuck.
Hate hate hate those shitty screens
WTF
Shit
I think I'm good
goddamnit...
Fuck
WHAT WAY TO START THE GAME
Does anybody know where John Har got his mask?
Yikes
Got damn it
Go figure
lol what a fucking shit start.
"If I jump from my favorite team now, everyone is gonna call me a wagoner. So, I need to wait until you're like 7-9 or 8-8."
Fuck
"Time to bounce back, Lamar"
Not a great start goddamnit
"Risky pass, but completed"
"Fucking terrible throw, terrible play calling"
Boykin sees Dez up in the box
Pick six already gonna be a great game
That's a good throw
Shouts out Boykin
The offense looks like they don't even want to be there today. Total lack of energy
THATS TWO FUCKING RTP. Call that shit!
Strategy here is to keep the ball out of Fat Ben’s hands. Smart.
Jesus christ Lamar. Now he hesitates and barely makes it to the LOS.
Garbage drive so far
We gotta send Orlando Brown some help
3 fucking guys right on top of that run.
Late hit city. Why is watt allowed to dive at his knees? He handed it off
Thanks Minkah!
Jesus christ
That's  not a foul at all but I'll take it
Can't get out of our own way
Bruh wtf
Stream quality is some ass so far SOS
I would think after a bye week we would've fixed the formation issues
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH THE FORMATIONS???
Guy has best porno stache.
Let’s fuckin goooooo
Lmao Snead so slow
"Love seeing willie get involved, he's underused as fuck in this offense imo"
"You gotta be kidding me, more formation penalties?"
Clowns should have declined that penalty
Drop counter: 2
WILLIE
Fuck yeah willie!
Really sick of these second down runs. We're gaining 4-5 on each first down run. Get some chunk yards
Are we coaching our guys as far back as possible to make up for lack of production on the line?
Boom!!!
I’VE GOT A NEED IV SNEAD
My stream keeps cutting out fuck this wind
The side-arm delivers!!!
...
Wtf was that?
SNEAD LETS GO I SEE YOU
What was he doing?
wtf
Roman?????????
Huh
God damnit Tyre.
wtf kinda blocking was that? xD
Um didn’t we trail against the 49ers?
There we go!
Roman? ROMAN? Call some real goal line plays
Holy shit what a play
Fuck the Steelers
WHAT A THROW
LETS GO
91 is getting fucking tired of that shit  boy
Let's GO!!!
Boykin there you go baby!
Leggo Boykin stepping it up!
Boykin with the hands!!
Boykin showed up today LFG
"Folks be shitting on Boykin, but that was nice."
LETS GOO
Embarrassing
AYY
Let’s gooooo!! Lamars feeling it now
LET'S GO BOYKIN
Thank you Jesus
Nice throw
"i think we need to use our TEs to bump the ends,might help a bit, thoughts?"
Boykin was benched no Boykin pick 6 he comes 2 for 20 and a td
Was that really a LB on a WR? he should have been more open than that
Wow
aight panic mode slightly decreased
Excited to finally see Boykin being using
"Thank God we have Romo as the commentator, praising his throwing instincts"
WHO THE FUCK AINT ACCURATE? THATS LAMAR MUTHAFUCKIN JACKSON BOY
thank god! we needed that throw
BURD UP
Lets see what our D can do baby
Glad to see the obvious block in the back called
"That was a text book run stopping play.  Everytime he went to go up field, we cut the hole."
"Hell yea Romo, tell the people what's what about Ben...as little as possible"
Ebron almost ended himself
Bring pressure.
Dude was stumbling forever
Come on bro
Flag???
Dude now THAT was a bullshit call
Really soft.
Barely a grab
Literally go fuck yourself
HOW IS THAT PI
Can't do that
Come on man
What? That ball was out of bounds by a mile you fucking idiot
Nonexistent PI
Bullshit call
Ducking actual terrible call
no bueno
OMG
At least Ben is getting pressured on these throws.
PICK UP THE BALL
We better get that
Refs bailing out shitty offense.
HAHAHAHA
YES
Steeler refs
CLAYPOOL MORE LIKE CLOLPOOL
BALL DONT LIE
Juiceman Punch lets go
Peter's had and then lost it wtf
BULLSHIT CALL
You totally redeem yourself!!!!
My dog!!!!!!!!
Fuck yeahhhhh
YESS
Peters learning from Hump!
"What happened, I reloaded my stream, and our guys are pointing like we have it."
"Damn, this game is already a rollercoaster"
You love to see a guy take responsibility. The juice is loose baby
punched OUTUUTUTUTUTUT
We’re a FF machine. I love it.
What a bunch of losers peters has that WRs number
"Damn laggy stream, it’s 7-7 but how did we get here?"
that was juicy
Welp
who's hurt
"Fuck, can't be taking more losses at o-line. EDIT: but maybe we can see how Fluker does now."
For fucks sake
I just turned the game on what the fuck is going on
Good running.
Dobbins!!!! WOOOOOOOO!!!
Good shit Dobbins
Was that the refs fault?
Dobbins look so much like Rice wearing #27 lol
LETS GO ROOK
#JK
ooo this is giving me 2019 vibes
LETS GO JK ALL DAY
I like this RB 27 2.0 guy
Fuck them Steelers! Trash organization
Needed 3 but we'll take the extra!
Chiefs fan here to say FUCK THE STEELERS. GOOOO PURPLE BIRDS!! 💜💜💜
"Sorry Mark, but Dobbins gonna have your spot next season"
Jk ain't messing around
"""The Steelers are going to blitz right here"" JK: Fuck Yoooooooou"
We. Just. Need. To. Run.
Oh yes. Here we go.
STOP HESITATING
Andrew's owned that man!!!
God fucking dammit dude
Bro wtf
UNLEASH THE ROOKIES!!!!
Ray Rice 2.0 FUCKING CONFIRMED
That boyle block was so niceeeeee
Y tf we running the Pete Carrol?
"Dobbins and a hand on the ground, name a more iconic duo"
...
I can't live through too much more of this.
Come tf on Lamar
damn
Very ugly
Its just getting stupid the amount of shit playcalling that is happening
How quick do we sacrifice Roman for a run on 3ed and 11
Thanks defense!
LET'S FUCKING GO.
HOLD ON TO THE BALL NOW PLEASE
RUN THE DAMN BALL!!!
We need to be more disciplined
can someone share a link to stream this game?
Gus is so good
Why did we decide to let Lamar change the play now?
Why are we forcing end zone passes into tight coverage when JK and Gus are getting 3-4 yards a carry. Let them punch it in or at least try and throw a quick slant
Lol what the fuck was that spin. Not an issue just why lol
No one open downfield.. what’s new
Oh no
Welp this is just horrible
#OMG NO WTFFFFF
Like butter
Fuck dude
Oh Jesus christ
please god no Stanley
Way to be decisive Lamar!
NO
FUUUUCK
He could have kept going too lol
Oh great. .... Just fucking great
FUCKKK
no :(
Crap.
Holy fuck ronnie stanley is hurt bad
Fucking hell
FUCK NOT STANLEY OH FUCK
Not good with all these injuries piling up.
FUCK
Who's backing him up??
Of course
No. Fucking. Way.
WTF HAPPENED TO HIS KNEE
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK
Gonna need to call this game jesus neither team is gonna make it out alive
Welp
stanley...
Run the f’in ball
jesus christ
*no*
"Fuck my fucking life, please no"
smfh
Fuck ronnie damnit
Fuck!!
Pain
Of course it was fucking Watt wtf man
NOOOOOO
Fuck everything
Well there goes any real chance of contending this season
Damn
:(
Please don't be serious please don't be serious
Time to fucking drink
Hopefully it’s not serious and he’s able to recover quickly
Well. That fucking sucks.
Damn :(
Looks bad guys ngl.
It’s just not happening for us. The line isn’t great as it is.
fuuuck. it looks like an ankle injury. better than a knee.
GDI
Fuck fuck fuck
:(((
"Damn, mekari got blown up"
"Fuck guys, hate to see that on a freak accident."
"Well that’s a broken ankle, huh?"
"another cursed contract extension

what the fuck man"
Jesus Christ that looked awful
Oh bubba no
FUCK FUCK FUCK
Fuck
fuck
Fuck
This is a reminder why I ALWAYS SAY INVEST IN BOTH LINES.
Late to the game gl ravens fans.
Can’t catch a break man
Gotta try and beat a top ranked D with a back O line now
Ravens gotta have a te and rb to help block don’t trust this ol
Looks bad. Prayers for Ronnie Stanley 🙏🏾
Fuckity fuckfuck.
Fucking side arm shit again
What's my man doing out there
Don't make that throw ffs
Try and pin them deep again.  Its gonna be back an forth awhile.  Thats ok.
Lamar I know you’re under pressure but wtf man. Can’t throw that
Isn't that RTP? Looked like Watt went low and hit his legs
"Well guys, we’re back to being a defensive led team."
Take the fucking sack. Holy shit.
COME ON RAVENS
We gonna give up running the ball now that Stanley is done? Need to use their aggressive rush against them
Hopefully the other offensive linemen step up
Defensive game like the good ole days
so are we looking to add a lineman this week? who's out there?
Man these injuries are just gonna hand the game to the Steelers
This game is brutal. My heart cannot handle this
"Time for another orange crush. We got this, their offense can’t hang with our defense. Let’s goooo!!!!"
Dunkin is Patriot's coffee.
“NuMbr OnE rUdH DeFeNse”
Y'all clamouring for Dobbins but you fell asleep on the Gus Bus
Let Gus Roll
Wouldn’t be too upset if Roman got a head coaching job this summer
Pound the rock!
The bus.
"pittsburgh is fucking garbage from what I've seen,
how are they 6-0"
Keep running this ball
RUN THE FUCKING BALL FFS
I love the bus
Run run run
DOBBYYYY ISSSS FREEEEEE
"Keep fucking that chicken, they can't stop it"
Incoming play action and sack lmao
Pound that shit.
JK
Feed that man. He's only been stopped one time
"Roman trying to be cute is the only reason we lose games, just run the ball you tool"
Run it again.
Jk FIGHTING for those 3
Fluker is a road grater. Probably don’t lose much from him coming in on that front
Run the ball!!!
Keep this run game going
All of our runs with Gus and Jk have been so effective just commit to it defense is getting the job doneeeeeeee fuck the pass
"lmao kick the field goal now

(jk)"
Lemme get a sack pls
THERES THE LLAMA I KNOW
"Came late, have we been running like this all game?"
And RUN IT AGAIN!
They can't stop our run game!!
YES
Run run run run
We can run? Like this? With a broken oline? Hopeful
Well look at that.. going to a heavy run game and the offense is moving right along
Setting up the run game for play action?
Ruuuuuuun
"I’m having trouble seeing on my crappy stream- who’s playing at line now, in which spots?"
Does anyone know if they’ll be selling tickets for the game against the Cowboys?
🦙🦙🦙
Doing what we should have done against Kansas City
Greg Roman all of a sudden: wow this whole running thing really works
Like DJ Khalid says .. and another run! And another run!
JK is a fucking laser beam
Run to set up the pass. This is what we needed
Apparently our only extra guard is Ben Powers right now.
Lamar should have 5-7 designed runs a game. Even if a few aren’t successful. You have to make defenses account for it. Pocket Lamar doesn’t do that.
Really dont need to run up the middle like that jeez
Pound it in
"Wow, Lamar lived through that stop."
O-line is actually still intact.
Fuck that hurt just watching
Andrew’s needs to play with more intensity and stop jogging his routes
Easy
let's go!
Right in The fucking head too.
"Picked up Gus in fantasy 5 minutes before the game started, made a good decision 😁"
No helmet to helmet call ...okay..checks out
The balls on Lamar
Gus will literally hammer this shitty overrated D Line into pebbles if Roman let's him.
The wheels on the bus go mf round !
Surely helmet to helmet!
Trash ass defense. Get fucked.
Does anyone know what the record is for consecutive quarters scoring points?
The retro logo hand warmer 🔥🔥
Gus deserved that TD.  LETS GOOOOO
"Fuck the doom and gloom, this team can win"
So many people over reacting to a rough start by Lamar.
Gus is having a great day today
Lamar needs to protect himself!
So why does pretty much every coach stand on the sideline but Roman sits up somewhere else. Is that normal for offensive coordinators?
Pick 6 incoming
Did you just see a duck flying?  Lmao
They not even trying Humphrey
"Look, even if we dont win- and it’s anyone’s game RN- at least we are playing solid football."
There's been a couple times this year if Marcus looks he has a pick
Did y’all see Judon dumbass hop inside on that run
"fast boi, getting past us"
Steelers got some bounty shit going on it seems like
Judon is so bad at edge. He bites on motion and screens constantly
Pernell McPhee locked that run down
This ain't going to be good
He literally put his hands in his facemask...
cmon...
Did someone tell Judon that his body was not built by taco bell?
Judon is going to get ejected....
Not mad at that fight
There’s a definite face mask there by Steelers let’s not discount that please refs
Welp
Judon you fucking moron
BRUH judon
They can’t make stupid penalty to keep drives along. Damn
Bruh why
So much for being able to rush 4. Damnit Judon.
",,,,,,,"
Big Money Judon
Judon wow
Maybe he’ll learn.
Judon should be ejected for that.
Maybe this is god wanting us to get a preview
Damn Judon. You idiot
How do you do that
Judon last season for sure lol
Just not a good day
"My lord. Judon most be so mad, seeing himself screw up his boom or bust year"
Let Judon ass walk. Dodo bird.
Dumbass Judon fucking up our whole D effort
That’s horrible. I’d rather cut him and lose games than have him on the team. We have a culture.
Soft
fucking hell
Back that ass up
We've gotta fleas someone with a Judon trade
"On the positive, I wonder if we can get some solid OL help in exchange for Judon."
Get them off the fucking field.
Calais how TF do you do this lol
JOKER
LETS GOOOO
JOKER!!!!
🃏 🃏
Mannnnn
Need to score here. Steelers get the ball to start the third. Make Pittsburgh’s incompetence hurt
Steelers shitting their pants right now.
Fuck what happen why judon get sent out??
2 minute drill lets go.
LETS FUCKING GO. CROW BOYS UNITE
Ben’s elbow acting up?
"I think you have to hand out 15 there, kind of like high sticking in hockey - it's up to you to control where it goes. That said I think a DQ needs to be off the table there it's clearly incidental."
Does Yannick just take the place of Judon?
Was that Chris Board's best play as a Raven?
One foot to the left and Gus would’ve broken that open.
Fuck if Dobbins jumped to the right on that play he might be gone
All this talk all season about the steelers elite d line. Love that we're running it down their fucking throats
Whos Pittsburgh’s backup?
Our defense and run game can carry us as sad as it is to think about I can’t even fathom it and it’s reality we might be contenders and have life after Stanley
Lamar tryin to kill my heart with this first down fumble thing.
I just wanna ask who's at RG now cause last I checked Phillips got hurt
My heart
Y'all remember that robot chicken fumbles joke? Lamar's nickname this 1st half.
"I really want a touch down this drive, but I'll take a FG."
TJ watt can’t stop being handsy with Lamar. Can’t tell if he’s being a scumbag or fancies him
not again man
Fuck
Pain
Not a catch
Lamar lucky...
Wait
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Lamar is trying to lose this game.
Thank god.
Lamar man he’s gotta be careful
NO CATCH
He’s killing me this game
"Ravens are still sloppy like they were before the bye week, which is concerning.  With what has gone wrong so far, I'm happy that we're even still in it, much less leading and driving."
God fucking damn it
Wow dude
Oh good Christ. Another pick lol. That was just an awful pass too. Way behind Boykin he never had a chance
Please come back but got damn Lamar stop it
No control
Damn hope that gets overturned. FUck
"Idg it

We’re running so well but decide to throw there"
FUUUXK GODDAMIT
Dumb play by Lamar. But our receivers dont have a fucking clue of how to come back to the ball or to settle down in between zones.
Boykin had his couple plays stop throwing to him now you know you're not on the same page.
Thats no INT but neither was Devin bush last year so we will see
GOD DAMN GREG WHY ARE WE FUCKING THROWING?!?!
of course!
"That was an in cutting route, no excuse for LJ there"
Fuck man props to the players for fighting hard despite all
"set up for an FG, get some more yards."
"Is it me, or is this like the third time our ball carrier has run into their own man? (Lamar twice, Gus once)"
Brown Jr. caught a fucking body lmaooooo
Orlando crushed that pull.
I think Lamar is trying too hard this year.  Not playing with the same confidence and swag he had last year at all.
"Look how good this team is when we run the ball.

It’s ok to be a running team, Roman."
Opi
Still didn’t fix the illegal shifts over the bye ? LOL
Keep pounding this chicken
Let's get some points up before half boys! LEGGO!!!
Hustle up boys come on
Too much talent on the field for them to lose.
Pretenders the lot of them.
Like we never had ingram lol
See Lamar? Throwing it away is not so bad xD
Turnnnn uppp
Bad throw
Boswell got scared for nothing after that pass towards the sideline
Just don’t turn it over
"Andrews doesn't slip I think it's a catch, spot wasn't that bad."
"Fucking wasted two downs, should be 17-7"
Bad spot
Go for it
Sheesh
Why call time
Cleveland and Ten both look bad today. We need to win this.
That’s a waste of a time out.  21 seconds is plenty of time to get up and run another play.  Should have one ready to go when running the 2 minute offense anyway
Dobbins is a dog
GOAT TIME!
What the hell was that
Holy shot wtf happened lol
I don’t like not taking a shot there little conservative
Dobbins is a fucking TRAIN
Jesus fuck mini heart attack there lmao
Harms mask moving makes him.look like a duck
Easy money
Tuck is to smooth it
Dobbins is the GOAT.
I'm all about a 17-7 lead at the half. Making the Steelers offense look like chumps.
"GET FUCKED ROMO, TUCKER THE GOAT"
Super heads up play
GOAT (Tucker) doing GOAT things!
"Way to fight back, Heart Attack Jackson!"
Who gets ball at half?
I just tuned in*. Can anyone fill me in?
JK Dobbins is going to wally pipp Ingram in the second half write it down
Whew!
Maybe I missed it but has there been any update on Gus? Is he injured?
"It's very surprising to see that every time the Steelers run or catch a ball, they protect the ball over anything else.

It's nice to see that our defense instills that much fear that they'll give up yards to try to secure the ball better."
Is nantz from pittsburgh?
LMAO where was queen
Who’s #38?
I feel like they didn't have enough guys on the line there either
Nice play Bowser!
Great play!
Bowser stepping tf up you say
Nice throw ben
Good shit
#BIG JIMMY!!!
NO FLAG
Why was Queen on JuJu?!
Punt bitch
Jimmy lol
Jimmy wrapped that dudes arm up😆
Refs cant seem to tell where the ball is going out on those punts
"Great job D, we need points now"
Flop
Let’s get a long 6-8 minute drive with a TD here. Good classic lean on you football
Time to see how their defense has adjusted to us running down their throats.
"Probably could have been a hold, PI I dont think so bc it was unwatchable, but that first grab could have been called. 

Jimmy knows exactly how much he can get away with without a flag though"
Wtf man
Just take the ball and put it on the ground.
Jesus fuck
What the fuck is he doing?!
Fucking shit run the fucking ball
You got to be kidding....
Is that 3 picks and a fumble or 2?
"I mean, that's gonna happen when every other pass has been interceptable today. Jeez."
That is a fucking TERRIBLE play
No!!!
Are you HIGH?
WHY
Poor defense
Absolutely atrocious
Holy shit galaxy brain calling and decision making is back baby !
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
What Are You Doing?
This team is going to cause my alcoholism
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
He is staring at his receiver the whole way.
Well fuck us I guess
Jesus christ.   Why the fuck.
What the fuck.
 WHY THROW THAT BALL MAN
god fucking damn it
That’s heartbreaking
What a QB!
Wow great start guys
It's inevitable when you fuck up so bad on offense
Fuck me
"&#x200B;

Well, that escalated quickly"
"Fuck, Lamar. Get it together"
Why do we make everything hard. We gave them everything today
G R E A T
Fuck. Least we still have 3 pt lead. We need another TD now though
I think that was queen out of his zone
what the fuck
That was a careless pass...
Run the damn ball
What are we doing here??
Fucking hell.
Wtf is going on
"Well that's two defensive fuckups since we came out of the locker. Can't lose focus. 

We are still in good shape, we've shown we can shake off the pick. Let's do it again."
3 turnovers in a Game wow..
Tomlin took so long to discuss that to give his D more rest DUH
I know he dropped that screen early.....but I'm still fucking loving Duvernay
Ugh
Fucking come on
finished.
Chris Moore citing
Fucking hell
Offense is very fortunate that the D has shut down Roethliesburger. Take away the short fields and the score would be 17-0
Isn't it crazy how this game has been but ppl just chill shaking hands. Like brown and juju on the sidelines too
No way
Phishing
Gonna lose the lead here.
Oh no we're talking about pass interference?
Really
About time
Super holding there.
Nice play Ferguson
We can’t stop them at all now
great
Holding #78
Fergy 😍
Fuck this shit
Fuck this
Fts
D made Big Ben look like a HoF’er. I mean he probably is already but still
Yikes
All momentum has swung to the steelers
So... what are ya'll drinking lol.
"it isnt fucking christman, please stop gifting them"
"PLEASE. WAKE THE FUCK UP OFFENSE. 

PLEASE"
"All right, time to set the tone like in the 1st half. Come on boys!"
"Great exactly what u need, a Mayfield ad"
Man I mean I'm not even surprised. You keep giving the ball back to a semi-competent offense and they're going to start putting points up. This is on Lamar
We need some better set up pass plays man this is just laughable
Was fucking Dean Pees calling the defense
DO NOT FUCK THIS UP. COME ON
Alright boys.  Time to pull out a signature win.
"Get Lamar into a flow screens, slants, etc. Rocket science I know."
This is getting ridiculous
We need a drive Lamar. No 3 and out. And definitely no turnover. No excuses man come on. Do better. This is a pathetic performance
Can no one get open? Lamar has all the time in the world but is never able to pass before he has to just run it for something.
Lamar is the anti mvp this year. Have defenses just figured him out or is it something else? Passes are off and he is hesitant to run
Lamar completely changes his base and blocks half the field. Dobbins was open for 7-8 yards
I died for a second there...
That’s so lucky
Stop fucking dropping back
FUCKIN A!!
BALL CONTROL
This game is going to give me a heart attack.
"Lamar with the incredible sidearm but JFC Andrews, hold onto the ball. Heart attack."
That was a fine play to Andrews but we literally can’t execute an aerial offense on schedule
Skura powned
stop holding onto the ball!!!!!!
Wasted down. We keep doing this. LMAO
Can we fire Roman??
Impressive
Loved that run attempt
Can we replay the last 7 minutes
What a read
Playing like its a downpour.    Jesus this is frustrating
"Our line makes me so sad, skura is absolute cheeks."
This was shit.
Hey we got a first down that drive
Nobody even thought of touching him
Play action on 3rd and 8? WTF are we doing?
If we could have just moved it to field goal territory.
Feels like the 2010 divisional
"Wait, why was hill in?"
Defense please step up we need the offense bailed out
[me this entire game](https://i.imgur.com/OSYTnb0.jpg)
Need the D to come up big here.
"is it a over reaction to fire the OC coming off this poorly prepared vs a defense that we should know well. No accountability, severe step back for Lamar and play calling. We go get a possession receiver in Boykin, hardly used in two years. Go get another fast play maker in Duvernay, have speedster Hollywood and cant even give them a chance. AJ Brown and Fulgam??? had 300 yards total. Cobb 100 yards. Where is our passing game? ah tahts right we cant throw."
Wtf is that playcall??? Playing scared or something
I don’t understand why we don’t run short pass plays to get the offense going. Our WRs don’t extend plays just stand there waiting for the ball. Lamar has apparently lost his high Football IQ. The play calling is completely archaic and pathetic. The O-line is pathetic even at full health. Like wtf???
"I’m more concerned with the fact that when we do pass the ball on early downs, which makes it easier on the offense, we can’t do shit. If I’m EDC I’m calling every team for a receiver. But then again, this doesn’t look like our year and we need a LT now, so not sure mid season trade is right."
Pick or strip sack common
Another thing Is our absent pass rush yet again
Alright good stop
Big
Nice job D
Defence really trying to win this game
Keep us in it D.
Alright let's reset
"Short field, we need a score."
Thank fuck
"Need a score on their drive

Otherwise, this could get ugly"
Good field position.   Good time to run the ball but watch....
"Great field position, again. Let's see if Lamar can do literally anything positive."
"We needed a drive starting at midfield. We need to run, hold onto the ball. Hopefully come away with 7, but at least get 3. No more turnovers."
Defense looked so dialed in today.
run. the. ball.
Please offense do something
This is why you can’t just run.
Wow. The Steelers really are scared of our secondary and defense 😂😈
let's turn it around
Again a waste.
They have LJ figured out. Steelers games are gonna be rough for our guy.
I dont care who wins at this point its 3:40 and it isnt even the 4th quarter yet let the game move along this is ridiculous
Honestly has Lamar thrown the ball away under pressure this game?
Bring in Dez Bryant next week.
We need to do a better job on offense. Whatever we have is not working.
I really hope Ronnie is okay or our O-line will be even more messed up....
DUVVVVVV
WE WENT DOWNFIELD!
Should have been a TD.
Oh look we are allowed to go deep?
Fuck yeaaaaa!!!!!!!
#DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUV
"The protection wasn't great but can Lamar not just crumble and take endless sacks? He doesn't even need to fucking run, just get out and throw it away or throw in the area of someone. He's playing like I'm fucking playing quarterback and not one of.the most athletic guys in the league."
Pretty much the whole year except the browns game the offense has ranged from unimpressive to downright bad. This is extremely concerning.
Why aren’t we running the fucking football?!? We overreact to the other team having a lead like pussies. I simply don’t understand it.
OKAY OKAY
Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuv
Beautiful fucking throw
A DIME TO DUV
The corners are gonna have to force a fumble at the Steelers own 20 yard line for us to even have a chance to score now. Lovely
Great throw great catch. Let’s go.
Let’s hope that changes the momentum of the game
Signs of life!?
Duuuuuuuuuuu
DUVERNAYYYYY
LaMAr ShoUlDn'T ThRow.
Wtf was that?!
Let's fuckin go man!! We needed that
DUV
That’s the type of big play we need
More playing time for Duvernay please I fucking love this kid
DUVERNAY. YESSS
Coming back
Oh look Duvernay does something with his chances
FINALLLY
Okay yeah my stream is definitely on a lag.... I’m guessing we actually moved the chains
Coming back
DUVERNAY
A better throw and he can catch and run
That boy fast
YESSSSSS! Literally been waiting since week 1 for another play like that!!!!!
"Obviously we can’t really see if anyone is open or getting any type of separation, buts Lamar does indeed have enough time to make quick decisions and throw but he’s hesitating. Idk if that’s because of above or he’s a bit gun shy now. He hasn’t dropped back and confidently thrown a ball all game. Even the completions he’s hesitated before throwing."
Fuuuuuck no holding
Duvernay is the only offensive player im happy with this year (except for Stanley 😞)
"When's someone's open, LAMAR CAN SUDDENLY THROW?!?!????"
Dude fuck everything
OF COURSE A HOLD!
Hope that quiets some down on here for a while
Holding
Offf course it came back
#GOD FUCKING DAMMIT SKURA
WHHHHYYYYY
"I'd like some misdirection in the run game please, steelers are just flowing with it"
Nice rob us
Like even when Watt is 2nd level he STILL makes a TFL.
Of course the o line fucks up again
FUCK THE REFS
Really.
SKURA I SWEAR TO GOD
FUCK
Are you kidding me
That's like our second deep bomb this season
Thats gonna be on us
Nice refs
Holy shit!  A receiver got open down field!
Don’t you dare take that mfer out of the game ever again
"FFs refs, screw you..."
God DAMNIT.
Wow.
DUV NEEDS TO BE #1
Skura is gaaaaarbagggeee
GET'EM LLAMA
We’re our own worst enemy
BULLSHIT CALL
WILLIE FUCKING SNEAD
Snead has been a beast this game.
I wanna see us play pissed. Get this shit
Ugh
Ok now let’s get some redemption and let Lamar run it in
All my homies hate the Refs
Snead with the YAC!!!
I swear Snead never does anything but when he does it’s big
Snead just ubered minkah
Good!
Nice fucking play willie. Get those yards back
"WILLIE SNEAD WAS ASKED HOW DOES HE FEEL? 

HE SAID MMMMM IM FEELIN DANGEROUS"
Fuck man. Lamar needed that confidence boost of a td
FFS Lamar makes a great play and Skura holds
lol what a weak call
"Refs can't help but stay involved.

Announcers are cowards for not calling that shit weak."
 That’s the tickets tackiest hold iver ever seem. Every play is a damn hold then.
Lamar finnally looking like lamar
"Fuck you refs, we'll score again anyway"
Greg Roman fucking sucks man
Lord
Ok now again
I could make that read
Out of bounds :(
Too small.
Ball dont lie
That’s close but I think he’s out
Maybe he has possession early while that left toe is still down...?
Knees down TD
"Did anyone see the catch review in the Dolphins game?

""Shin was down""

Why doesn't that apply here?"
The knee?
*bites nails*
"Lamar threw it too high, prolly thought WTF??? Seeing him that open lol"
It’s in the shins
Hmmm I think we scored with that right knee.
So damn close
This happened with refs last year too man fuck this shit
I still like the challenge even if it changes
They should give it to us for that bogus hold
Jesus this dear best buy ad is creepy af
Right foot and right knee went down before he rolled out of bounds
Maybe the refs give us one back for the horsehit hold and DPI earlier but probably not
"Knee was half in I think honestly. I think half hits the purple, half hits the white.

Funny enough, I'm actually writing an article right now on how the review process could be made better in football."
"Was he in control of the ball before his knee went down? I say he's in, but I'm biased."
They're not going to overturn it off but his right knee was down in the endzone
Top of his shoe hit
Call stands. Not a TD.
Barely tapped with the tip of his shoe
The shin looks to touch before the knee... but that's being generous.
"&#x200B;

Call Stands :/"
Call stands
Right call. Bad challenge by Harbaugh
I'm a little pissed they didn't rule it a TD on the field and let it be automatically reviewed. That's the shit I would hope for
Yessir
LETS GO!
There ya go!
I take back what I said fuck yeah
"Hate to say it but that throw wasn't good enough. Hollywood was open and the pass led him way too much.

Rodgers or Mahomes drops that in the basket for an easy catch."
I’m okay if they just try to run in it these next few downs. W or L. Don’t pull a Pete Carroll.
We will not be denied!!!!
Jesus thank fuck
Hollywood be like “HAPPY NOW LOSERS?”!!!!
Ok I’ll give Roman a pass on this drive that was some good play calling in the red zone
Why oh why can't Llama be this tidy on more passes?
I live to see the refs try call that back
FUCK AROUND AND TRY HE’LL DO IT AGAIN ANYWAY
LETSG OOOOOGOGOGOGOGOGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Fuck em baby
Let’s fucking go. Lamar is looking more confident this drive that’s what we need
Yessssss
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
"Thanks for showing up, guys. Massive drive."
"Wait guys I’m new to football, the play they reviewed, when he caught the ball his foot was in... why don’t they check the foot just the knee cuz you pleas explain?"
Fuck the Steelers!
Bengals defense is lowkey not that bad this yr tbh
Takeaway
"Great drive. Kinda bad throw on the first TD catch, but he was DECISIVE this drive. Looking great"
Of course Ben gets the flag
Fuck off refs holy fuck dude
Late hit McPhee
I believe we can win this!!!
I’m so done with these refs fr
They can not call that roughing the passer
The Bank would be rocking if the stands were full
Time for a big turnover
He fell into STFU ROMO again
Good job ref for picking up the flag. Good job .
Claypool so damn good he almost got that
Good shit refs pick that flag up
Why would Bowser come in there when Ben is already tied up?
Bonds straight gave up lol
Peters playing huge since that first penalty
What was Bonds doing after that catch
Why is bonds getting so much time
big relief
38 was like wot?
Get 38 out of the game.
Gotta finish the tackle
What the fuck is Bonds doing
"Holy shit, the refs got one right!"
"Thank you. If Lamar can keep taking shots, so can he"
What was Bonds doing?
"Rumor says Real Fan Dan been camping in the Bank since last season, so he could avoid lockdown protocols"
38 wtf
Wtf bonds
"38 just let go of that play, wth"
Bonds you dick that was a catch
I recognize this crew and I feel like they hate us.
Why did he just give up after Enron caught it??
Who the fuck is this bonds guy? Never heard of him until today and hes made a couple mistakes
These refs are going to end me. Pick up your flag you pricks!!
Steelers playing the old Flacco ref ball game
Every player in my fantasy team is injured this game but hey at least I got 6 points from hollywood
Bro who's 38????
C’mon...
Where was the facemask?
Bonds....welcome to the league.
"Gets bonds off the field, dudes getting clowned play after play"
Terrell that was a bad beat
Wtf was 38 doing on that play?
Bonds needs to not be on the field
Bonds is Frank Walker Jr.
Bonds Omfg
Why is bonds on the field? The fuck
did marlon miss and punch his helmet
Clark cmon
Yeah that’s a flag
"Good call here, unfortunate penalty."
Chuck you can't do that
That wasn’t a face mask
Ravens are beating themselves
What the fuck are these calls
At some point we gotta stop helping the Steelers
Brain fart by clark
That's not a foul dude you can tackle b5 the neck wasnt a face mask at all
Pressure's been great all game
Unbelievable
Who’s 38? Just gave up...
"This pressure is getting close, we need a sack"
Can we stop w these fuckin penalties
Who the fuck is this bum #38
our dline needs to learn you need to wrap his arms
Terrel bonds isn’t good
He is getting targeted non stop
This defense.....
Bad tackle around his neck wtf
Damn ya'll you could have had that
FUCKING CHRIST
Come on
I’m losing my sanity
Holy fucking fucking fuck
This game is a bitch I’m concerned about INDY now
Who is bonds and why is he in
Dude this defense is so easily exploitable
Marlo.. Could have had that.. We got this
Easy touchdown
Ah fuck. They took the lead. D is gassed and they're getting sloppy
Ben pulling joe flacco special
Someone punch this ref in the face
Egg the refs house
Will we ever stop playing man coverage ?
Let’s see what Lamars made of
Of course they dont give us the first there. Of course.
Dobbins is the GOAT.
Dobbins is the real deal
Was Dobbins a gymnast? His balance is the best I’ve ever seen
I love gus but my god man just run through him
Know what the AFCN and the NFCW have in common? Playing the NFCE
Oh man 2019 welcome back
"Fitzpatrick was going in on that ankle, what a piece of shit"
"The option pitches, while gimmicky feeling still, are working.  So I cant say shit one bit.  If it works, it works."
That lil toss by the offensive lineman at the end lol
Our boys are bigger than yours. Type football.
"This game should be 24-14. Mental errors, man."
We arnt abandoning the run I’m gonna bust 😍
POUND THE ROCK
Pls run
4 down territory?
"Decent run, could’ve called a better play"
Uhoh
Why does google say the game is delayed?
Wtf man
They have to go
this game has been insane
Well fuck
C’mon
GUS AND LAMAR OPTION!
"You in this situation, you running or passing?"
If we going for it anyways why not call a run play that 3rd down?
High stakes drama
this isn’t good for my heart
COME ON PLEASE
are we goin for it?
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhh


ahhh

ahhhhhhhhhhh"
I say feed Project Pat.
Fingers crossed...
I can’t watch
Oh man this is football
LETS GO BOYS
You know what. Run the option again. They haven't stopped it yet. I'm willing to go against them and just say show us what you got.
"*running the ball is clearly working*

Roman: ok now lets do some deep hail marys"
Lol I am very nervous 🤣
"Run the slot option, new wrinkle on the speed option"
Welp.
Well fuck me.
Fucking kill me
Fuuuuuuuck
Why?????
#DAFUQ
Fuck...
Fuck
Fuck
Bro
Outside run or screen pass
He dove too quick
Imagine not running it knowing we would go for it on 3rh down fuck this shit man
"*me to myself during these next 2 minutes* 
""You're fine. You're good, they got this. It'll be okay. Stop shaking. Don't poss yourself."""
That was a helmet to helmet hit
I would have rather thrown that
welp
What was that play?
Awful. Just awful.
Get fucked Greg Roman. They knew. Terrible play calling. Do a better job.
What the fuck was that play call you've gotta be fucking shitting me
The pass game is gone
Disgusted in this team
BOOOOOOOOOOO
About time we get a better center
FUUUUUUUUUCK
Pathetic
Thanks Lamar and Greg gg
Welp. There goes the division.
Fuck
You know - it will make it even sweeter to beat them on turkey day
horse shit play call. absolute horse shit
What a stupid playcall. No creativity whatsoever
Can’t believe I woke up at 5:00am for this shit
Welp.
"I need some statistics on 5 wide, does it ever work for us?"
They’re gonna get this game over
There goes the division.
Queeeeeeen!!!!
So about 1 minute to go maybe 60 yards with no timeouts and we need to score a TD
Do they fake it here?
Idc about the play call but we wasted 2:40-2:00 by being slow to the line. We could have had given them the ball back before the two minutes warning. Just doing dumb shit all fucking game.
We’ll see
Hope that shitsburg coach gets fined for keeping his mask under his chin the whole game
Believe?
Come on special teams let’s go big play
Proche run that shit back
COME ON RAVENS
my stomach hurts lol
Time to pray
Let’s see if we can throw it down the field and get DPI calls like they have been all fucking game
You have to go deep once.to draw a flag or grab it
8 seconds bois.....Wtf are we doing???
Oh no
Who caught that?
Let's fucking gooooooooo
WHAT
Lol
What would that have done
That was a lazer
Complete luck
He didn’t even try to extend the play what the actual fuck is the coaching doing
Someone looked open up the left sideline. Maybe Hollywood.
We beat ourselves for sure... But I do believe at the very least we exposed the Steelers. That winning streak is about to come to a swift end.
ahhhh i know mannnn
[deleted]
If Lamar can't make up for his mistakes and come out this game with a W we really need to start a dialogue on whos going to be the QB of the future of this team. Not even overreacting its the cold hard truth.
[removed]
Fees like a wrap on the season.
Why do yall act surprised? Lamar had one goof game against the browns and has looked like a regressed qb the rest of the season
"Totally acceptable performance by the QB! Keep down voting all criticism, Flock Nation! Super Bowl here we come!!"
Lamar’s playing bad but it’s against a great defense
Blame of the game: Lamar Jackson for two TERRIBLE interceptions that gifted the Steelers 14 points
Welp season is over.
"If Stanley is out, that’s a wrap on the season"
Fuck TJ Watt
"That’s a sprain, that same injury happened to Nick Chubb week 3"
"Stop passing Greg, you dumb mother fuck. You know the OL can't protect, even when our starters were playing. Now we got 2 backups and shit's all flipped around. They cannot protect Lamar. You can't be that fucking dense you dumb shit. Harbs gotta pull rank."
"Yeah, we ain't winning this unless the defense generates points."
Lamar is legit trash this year.
"“Let’s keeping running plays that haven’t been working this year”

- Roman"
Never seen a Ravens team blow a game so bad as we have
"Let's be real, it'll be oh we're almost there on O. They threw coverages we didn't see (not true) and blah blah blah.

Lamar fucked up and Roman is putting us in losing football. **Get rid of Roman**"
Marlon has been way too quite today.
Now we don't have an offense or defense. What do we do?
Hard to believe this Qb was mvp
I'm sorry Lamar looks pathetic today.. fucking cringe
Game on the line and Lamar doesn’t have it in him....fuck that hurts to say
[deleted]
Lamar can't pass for shit. Missed Andrews wide fucking open at 10 yards away.
RIP 2020 Ravens.  See you all next year
You guys are soft af complaining about TJ playing physical.
[deleted]
Is Lamar playing through an injury? He’s looked off the whole season.
Lamar can’t read a defense I hate to say it but his decisions can’t make me believe otherwise
That was a legit PI. Can't hold the jersey that long.
Dude fuck our staff. They put Mekuri in who is a liability and players get hurt because of it .
Fuck TJ Watt
"Fuck TJ Watt, this sucks so much"
Dirty af
Should be 21-0 😤
"It’s not a penalty on the hit to Lamar. He was a runner. It’s not that hard, guys."
Judon is an idiot
"Judon can't set the edge, can't pass rush, has retarded amount of unnecessary roughness penalties. IDK how anyone can defend him.

He is **garbage**"
"Uh oh, Ben needs an injury excuse now."
Is harbs a mouth breather
How to stop our Offense.... Do nothing Roman will stop calling plays that work
"This D is giving it up in the second half two games in a row.  

Little pressure and wide open receivers."
STOP PASSING LAMAR GOD DAMN You worked on your passing ability my ass
"You lose 4 starters, turnover the ball 4 times, and lamar obviously had a curse cast on him. Because I don't know what the fuck is happening with him."
"Lamar buckles under pressure, prove me otherwise"
"Yeah, I'm fucking turning this off.

Throw the ball away. Don't take a sack, don't take the hit, don't lose yards. Football IQ at zero right now.

This honestly has to be THE worst I've ever seen Lamar play, ever."
FUCK YOU SKURA
"Lmao at trying to blame Lamar for that. That’s just shit body control by Brown, he could have brought that left foot down."
"Thats all on fucking greg, what an awful play call. The run is killing them and we go 5 wide"
Game is over lmao
"We don’t deserve another chance to win but we get one, I have little faith we can March up the field but I will belee"
Horrible decision to throw it to andrews there
Ifc what ppl say that was a good ass game
"No O-line to help the guy, no wonder he does some questionable stuff"
that should’ve been a flag tbh
"this game is over. the steelers will win.

Lamar looks like a scrub rn."
"I get people not being thrilled about being in this position, but Pittsburgh's 6-0 for a reason. This was never going to be easy, Ravens-steelers is never easy.

We're down by four. Let's ram it down their throats, delete the rest of the third quarter and most of the fourth quarter, and cap it with a TD to seal the win."
Did the MVP award get to Lamar's head? Don't understand how he's regressed like this
Fuck CBS I don’t give a fuck what TJ lesser Watt has to say.
Today we need to establish that WE are still the 2nd best team in the AFC and a top 3-5 team in the NFL
It's fine let's stay positive boys we can do this it's still very very early
Why is he throwing in traffic
Greg Roman already calling a bad game and Lamar still in his funk
Was that an RPO??  Read that shit
Saved by the penalty
"I mean they took a shot but he was still in bounds , lucky call"
Pittsburgh d looks scared.
He must have heard this subreddit talking trash all week
Ya need my job so I can still not make enough to afford anything!
Peters is a fucking bonehead sometimes
Call it on every single play then because that’s not PI!
Lamar plays with no fucking poise
FUUUUCK
"Got damn it, is that not a pass?"
Lamar will learn. we Got This
Stanley gets injured a fuck ton.
Seasons over boys
Fuck the steelers
HES OK
Looks like broken leg (tibia/fibia)
Screw you Squeelerburgh...
Honestly the L will hurt less knowing we’re basically turning into the Eagles
Just get a fg please
".j.k88 lolq,  1a d.peixa0au,"
They gonna eject judon
"I wanna know who on the ravens coaching staff told Lamar to stop running. Dude is not a pocket passer. Run the fucking ball, kid"
Holy shit that Field Judge is a fucking bitch
"What a shit fucking call, fuck this garbage ass league"
"Moron , can’t wait until he’s someone else’s problem"
JUDON IS DONE. man he's useless
This league is so fucking soft fuck this bullshit
Just suspend Judon for the season
This is such a rough and dirty game. Feels like 2008 with way less superstars on the field lol
Judon literally good for a stupid penalty every game.
Glad it didn’t amount to points but it helped them in the field position battle
This has been an hour long kick in the balls so far
Lamar is trying to give this game away
No not Gus please don't tell me he's hurt
NOT AGAIN
That’s on boykin
"Throw the fucking ball overhand, what the fuck"
Fucking JV shit.
I don't even know whose jersey to get anymore. U like too many of these guys xD
Maybe we should resign flacco just to play against Pittsburgh /s
Good job Lamar. Brought them right back into the fucking game.
this game should be over
One good offensive drive and all of you will change your minds
[deleted]
"This game was a win if not for that last floated pick by Lamar. I'm legit disgusted. Just the fucking shittiest decision-making by him today.

I have to let it go because it's making not able to enjoy the game anymore."
Looking like the jets out there
"Simple reason this game is getting away from us, Veteran leadership"
"Come on Lamar! Btw, Trump is going to lose."
Wow that has to be justice hills first snap of the season
These refs suck cock
Ah the narratives are going to be great tomorrow. I would be ok to lose with Lamar playing great and not losing Stanley but Lamar playing terrible and us losing one of the most important guys on the team is even worst. Games probably over with that drive I don’t know if our defense can stop them anymore. I mean atleast were 5-2 and still loads of season to go but wow man
He’s cooked at least for today.
Why take that sack? Cmon Lamar!
"No ability for Lamar to throw a quick hitter and immediately sacked, WHY CAN'T HE THROW THE FOOTBALL WELL?!?!?"
LaMAr Is 2 BlaME!
How many fucking TD’s can they take away from us.....
How the fuck did his left foot stay suspended in the air
Why are we challenging? That's not a catch.
That’s a td
Knee was in
Thats a motherfucking touchdown man!!!
I'm not one to go on the internet and criticize a pro athlete but.....you can't toe tap that?
Bad throw that punk ass bitchhhhhhhssssss
3  yard  TD pass to Marquise Brown and now we lead 24-21      👍
Self inflicted gunshot wounds. No team in the NFL does it more consistently than the ravens
"Lamar seems to be wanting to run less. Probably trying to prove he’s a good QB even without his running ability? Either way, he’s screwing over my fantasy team"
A pick 6 would be nice. Isn’t ben contractually obligated to throw at least 2 a game?
This team man
"First half ravens d: lights out

Second half ravens d: pure dogshit"
nice
Please don’t run an rpo. You gotta do some kinda pass
Holy fuck Lamar fucking sucks......
Just so disappointed in Lamar.
nice no running back on teh field
Whatever this was refball anyways on to the next one
Can Lamar make the big play? Pittsburgh can
Here’s hoping for a butt fumble by the Steelers or a strip rn....man fuck these refs for real man
"Lamar lost the game at the start and at the end. But we can’t ignore another week of awful, awful play calling. Something needs to be done."
Lets hope we can get this wild card spot
Between bad calls and offense giving up points defense has balled out.
Greg Roman is senile as shit if he thinks that was a good play call on 4th
"Stupid mistakes aside, we have been BY FAR the better team today."
Now they gotta pass
Really pathetic
dammit lamar that throw was awful
Wasted so much time
Spike!!
Wow.  What a fucking joke.
Bye week seems to hurt our momentum because we are young team.
Our own fault for losing this game
"For all you fairweathers shitting on Lamar.  Relax, it’s wet out there and somebody studied some film on Lamar to see he throws low.  He’ll adjust."
Watt gonna be diving at Lamar's knees now
"Can't believe i'm saying this but...

RG3 would do a better job than lamar rn. Lamar is playing that badly. He is playing like a guy who wants to be benched.

His decision making has been awful all game."
TJ Watt is a fucking spaz
[removed]
"If we lose this it is 100% on Lamar

Dumb shit all game"
Get your fucking foot down. That’s Torrey Smith 2011 level of terrible
Lol no PI there. Get absolutely fucked.
Steelers played awful but Lamar played the worst game of his career.
[removed]
This is why we were so hesitant to extend him.
"Our line was already shit

See you guys in April"
[deleted]
How is JJ such a nice dude but his brother is such a little shit
Every time I see Lamar's fucking face today it's just a look of absolute confusion.
We need to come to the realization that we are not as good as we say we are
[removed]
[deleted]
Lamar is already down and you're going to come out rolling into the best linemen when he is facing away from you? Everyone knows thats the riskiest play vs linemen rolling up from behind. fucking cheap shit watt
Another dirty tackle by watt /s
"Pff injury analyst:

#Ravens LT Ronnie Staley suffers a major injury just after signing a massive contract. Prediction: Ankle fracture dislocation but should be ready for Week 1 in 2021."
Judon a clown
Can we trade Judon for TJ Watt?
"Fucking pathetic display of throwing by Lamar . 

We are not winning any fucking play off game if we have to rely on Lamar throwing the ball, and it’s not even debatable at this point. He flat out blows at passing."
Lamar needs to find a way to get his confidence back in the passing game. He seems so damn nervous sometimes this year in spots where he looked so confident last year. That titans game messed with his head.
I feel like people aren't taking into account how ridiculous that pick was for a linebacker. Still a bad decision but that was a redonk play for a linebacker
It's almost like pedophiles shouldn't be in the nfl hmmm
This team has no leadership...
"""Why isn't Lamar playing well?!?!??""  Loudly exclaims the fan of the team with an injured line, missing starters and completely covered receivers down the field."
[deleted]
Look at **Tony Romo**  😍😍😍
[deleted]
Season on the line here
TJ Watt did nothing wrong.
James Harrison and Troy Polamalu are the only Steelers I like.
Imagine if they had waited on the extension
"If Lamar continues like this next year, I'm done with him."
Steelers remaining undefeated meanwhile our season is pretty much over with 2 OL injuries. What a great fucking Sunday...Man I’m pissed. It’s like Lamar thinks it’s funny too.
"All the shit fans in this thread acting like Lamar is the one giving up chunk yardage on defense

This whole team is collapsing right now

EDIT: Fairweather racist fans BTFO"
"Let's be honest, with 4 turnovers by Lamar, we had no business winning that game"
Jesus guys he’s playing a really tough defense. Yeah he’s played a bad game but like c’mon. Game ain’t over yet
2 runs back to back? I don’t like the play calling at all
God I hate Lamar this season
Not Lamar’s fault. Nothing you can do there
If lamar throws another pick then fucking throw in rg3 lamar is playing like shit if we lose its on him and if we win he was holding us back god damn
"all of you wishing bad on TJ get a life, it wasn't on purpose. suck a chode fuckwads"
"Just tuned in, anything interesting happen?"
What a shit call
[deleted]
WR got ran down by a LB 😂
Steelers offense ain't shit anyway
Hollywood needs to do a fumble drill
That’s a torn ACL reaction.. :(
Y’all think that was a dirty hit?
We got the ball on their side of the field and won't even get a FG out of it. This offense is legit sad.
Lamar gonna be the next to get hurt if he keeps taking these shots
Hahah wtf is this game we should honestly be down by like 2 scores
All I know is if I'm close to Ben I'm gonna aim for that elbow.
Lamar sucks bro
We're going to lose.
Also Lamar can you please stop side-arming it when there's no need to?
"Lamars playing so great, he's definitely not part of the problem."
FIRE GREG FUXKING ROMAN
Just like the beginning of the game. Not worried one bit
At the end of the day if you told me we could be up 17-14 in the third I’d take it.
Maybe the football is to wet for Lamar?
I’m done fuck this
It's all on Lamar
That's a TD
right kneee down!!!!!!
Lamar... That throw has to be better to a wide open receiver in the end zone 😔
Lamar's passes are so wobbly lol
Wow. Defense is shit. 8 pass plays. 2 penalties. A wide open guy when we drop all but 3.
The Ravens havent beaten a good team this season.
How did I know Roman would run it up the guy. That was a stupid play call. Absolutely dumb
Does Romo know how bad Lamar is when playing from behind?
Look what it's like having a QB who can complete a pass o.O
"Guys, I think Lamar this season may not be very good qb"
"Ravens need to finish the job on his arm 

Arm for a Leg"
Gotta respect Ben. He will throw his arm off to come down from a deficit in the 2nd half.
WILD CARD HERE WE COME! we need the underdog status to play xD
[deleted]
"That's season over for him, and honestly for us. The weakest part of the team somehow just got worse."
"Steelers fan here: hate to see any player go down like that. Hoping for his speedy recovery

Edit: it seems as though this came off as disingenuous, which was not my intention. Thanks for the downvotes I guess"
I think Lamar might be a little scared today. He's getting popped quite a bit and nothing's been called yet and he doesn't seem like normal Lamar
[deleted]
[deleted]
Who gets the next pick? I'm going with Fitzpatrick.  Seems like a lock.
Chop block TJ Watt
Goodbye season
[removed]
"Pittsburgh’s defense is elite, remember that 49ers game last year? We haven’t looked any worse today than we did against them, I don’t see much difference honestly"
Amazing play by watt
[deleted]
horrible call
We couldn’t at least get a fg???
[deleted]
Watt is so dirty
Please don't put Brown at LT dude's way too slow to play that side
There is no way on God's green Earth that Lamar will last in the NFL if the Ravens keep running him head first into the defence.
[removed]
Last year we scored 2 tds in 2 minutes now we cant even get to the 50.
Fire Marty and Pees
"Go fucking empty set what the fuck is this shit. Dobbins is averaging over 5ypc. Fucking retarded in everyway.

How do any fans defend this shit. Our viewership is their $$.b his team is not an SB team, it's a playoff team with glaring weaknesses including OC, OL, DL and WR."
This team man...
I understand it's a rivalry but Jesus make it a game
"It sucks because while it should be a TD, the fact Lamar can't touch pass these really pisses me off."
Sorry but this ones on lamar
[removed]
Stanley always finds a way to get injured. Hope hes good
Lamar big game choker. Time and time again.
Lamar can for real suck a dick.
Everyone who here who says we can't  throw consistently or good Lamar is in his 3rd year now is when we find out if he is gonna be our franchise guy if we csnt throw we need a new QB right. Like I dont get the argument
"Great play! Glad Lamar isn't side arm throwing lol.  It's going to be a long match, their D is quickly penetrating hopefully we capitalize on that"
Oh NVM. That was DPI
Let’s go boys!!!!
God I fucking love this fucking tank.
That play right there shows me we need Dez on the field ASAP so you can throw the 50/50 in that situation
Whelp.  Might as well work on cap space now.
"Ow, when you can't walk off the field, that's bad."
you guys can beat anybody if you just play YOUR game.
I have a feeling we’re gonna hit Ben hard this series.
We’re all losers today if Stanley is out
I'm sure it's just my bias but it seems like Romo is on overdrive kissing Steelers ass this game.
Flag on Peters
Dirty ass team
Fuck off judon
Bye Judon
"Bye bye Judon

Get the fuck off this team"
Release him
Video replays are able to be reviewed by officials to get the plays right. Coaches can challenge a couple plays if they think things were called wrong to force refs to go back help ensure they get the call right. Why is the same not allowed for penalties? Why can penalties carry more consequences with less oversight? No fucking sense to me
"Like clockwork, Ben is being a big babby and playing up minor injuries."
Lamar........  What are you doing?
Dude come the fuck on Lamar
Apparently Lamar can't throw anymore
Lucky break
Yikes throw.
Why not try to pick it
"GREG THE FAT FUCK ROMAN STRIKES ONCE AGAIN, OH WHAT A SURPRISE. Yeah Lamar has made terrible decisions, but even Romo is calling GRo out, WHY AREN'T WE RUNNING FOR FUCKS SAKE"
Id rather Lamar play bad and we win this game than Lamar play good and we lose. He can always bounce back like last year for example.
Wait what did Judon get ejected for?
"Alright Lamar, now is the time to put the team on your back."
"They score here, it’ll be hard to comeback and win"
They pull pitchers don’t they?
"That was a bad throw to a wide open receiver, but I'll take it."
"Good holding call, but also damn shame what a run by Lamar"
lAmAR sHouLNT thRow (AgAiN).
Fuck the refs. Eat my dingus
He got the knee down
That looked in dang
Left foot wasn’t in
The knee is gonna be clooooose
This better be overtuned can’t afford to blow timer outs in this type of game...
Beat the refs and the Steelers they drive boys
BuT thE rEfs ArE aGaInsT uS
Alright that was a decent call
"Is this Lamar's fault, too?"
No faith in the O for this drive. Feel like we’re gonna need a defensive stop.
"Go Raiders and ......bengals, helped us out today"
This is game
Put in Trace!
I hate this team. We csnt even throw for 3 yards
And a fumble lost to add insult to injury
Run the option averaging 9 yards on either side I don't see why you don't do it again
Imagine if we kicked a fg. Hindsight 2020
Lol this is embarrassing
Jesus what a shitty pass to Andrews
Offense as a whole should be ashamed of themselves honestly
[deleted]
"YES 

(Not about the injury about the catch)"
This is poor
FUCK GREG ROMAN
Room is a shill
Lamar lmao 😂😂😂😂😂
TJ might be the dirtiest player I’ve seen all year. Dude is reckless
"3rd and 18, you're being tackled and Lamar throws a 5 yard pass that could easily get picked. Lamar sucks this season."
How the fuck did Lamar win MVP?
"Well, this season is over."
Yo anyone else worried Jimmy is gonna tear his Achilles. He had that injury all of 2017 then tore it in December. Now hes nursing it again
"I don’t want to be this guy, but is it time to put in RGIII? Lamar is still a good QB but he’s our biggest liability rn"
Hate to say this shit but feels like 7-0 steels
"Not sure the ravens could do anything this year anyway with Lamar forcing himself into becoming a passing QB, but Stanley gone means the season is done."
"So earlier you guys were blaming lamar, now you all talking about the defense? LMFAO, you guys are funny."
Sorry but Lamar is the Paul George of the NFL. Big game choker
It’s almost like all the interceptions & turnovers didn’t happen and it’s all the refs fault 😂😂
This is all Lamars fault
[deleted]
You guys are all fucking whiny babies the only that matters from this game is if we win or not and we're up by 3 with the fucking ball gtfoh lamar is having a bad day but that's our MVP and we gonna beat this undefeated Steelers team
Hot take: just forfeit to save the season. It's painfully obvious Tomlin is coaching these players to target our best players legs. Just get out of the game and live to fight another day
YES! CHEAT THEM
"Honestly PIT has this in the bag, just simply defend vs the run. We cant throw short, medium or god forbid long."
The refs made Lamar drop the ball fuck them
Hate to say it but Lamar needs to benched
[deleted]
So about that contract.....
"Not Stanley’s fault by I have had reservations about paying him, he’s a great tackle dont get wrong but with the exception of last season he’s not made it through a full season, he’s injury prone"
There goes your season...
injuries happen get over y’all’s selves sheesh
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Lamar has been a liability this game and it fucking sucks.
"I wanna know who on the ravens coaching staff told Lamar to stop running. Dude is not a pocket passer. Run the fucking ball, kid"
Never get why returners catch the ball at the 5.
Another awful throw by Lamar that will surely get Boykin blamed.
"Do we blame this on Boykin, too?"
All that and we only at the 35.  Wtf
Maybe we can finally see that lamar is a horrible passer
I just dont want to pay Lamar 35 million. He already peaked.
We're not going to win.
"KC & PIT fucking got our number (offense and defense).

EDIT: KC Offense and PIT Defense"
Lamar fucked up. Saw him hit his chest. He knows. He’ll get it done. Ben is trash.
i've just reverted back to not giving a shit this season
[removed]
Can't even get happy
"Yeah that's a hold, fuck"
if TJ did that you guys would lose your minds
"Lamar, instead of hitting Snead OR Dobbins at the first down marker, takes 2 yards to make it 4th....seriously."
Awful clock management
Look for passes man
Hollywood brown is wide open on the right there. Wtf. He coulda picked up the 1st and got out of bounds
Bread Allen looks like he's 5 years old.
This game is over. We suck
"Not a playoff caliber team. 
Lamar doesn't look like the Lamar that amazed everyone last year. 
That's how you play after your bye? 
I'll keep saying it, but there is a reason Greg Roman keeps having to get new jobs, and we are seeing it. His playcalling has been awful."
#Just turned it on- can someone do a TLDR of what I’ve missed?
[removed]
"What happened to Lamar ?

  
He is playing like the worst QB in the league"
harb's mask is ugly af
Lamars feet were still inbounds when he got pushed. Idk the interpretation of the rule tho
yeah guys that was so dirty cant believe he tried jumped at his ankle 😐😐😐
[deleted]
Ravens gonna raven
Snead is so slow for a small guy lmao
[removed]
Unwatchable
"Ok Roman, call 20 straight runs"
MVP?
ST fumble? That’s how today has been...
Boo him who gives a fuck they all get paid millions more than we ever will
[removed]
I'd give Lamar another season as the QB with a new OC but if he's still playing like this dudes gotta go
Stanley hurt? Shocker.
"People finally seeing that Lamar is part of the problem on offense.

-15 downvotes. Lol you people really think Lamar is joe fucking montana."
There shouldn’t have been more time. Everyone ran down the field. Then Pittsburgh took a timeout due to an injury. Those things happened in succession.
When do I get all my downvotes back :)
Wait are y’all really done with Lamar or is this some in the moment frustration?
Still can't forgive the fact that this game should be 24-7
Haha
No chance here
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Hollywood is another in the tradition of bust wrs the Ravens drafted
[removed]
"To everyone in this thread acting in the role of Lamar Apologist:

you just saw that fumble, right?"
[removed]
[removed]
You guys seriously expect us to be 14-2 every season? No shit Lamar looks like he regressed.
Defense being exposed now
Good fucking game guys refs looked real sus buuuut 7-0 feelsgoodman
[removed]
"Our defense is about as inconsistent as our offense this year.

Is Special Teams next?"
Lmao yall choke in EVERY big game with lamar
[deleted]
[removed]
"jackson to snead ftw... yuck

Gotta target boykin or something."
Peters is a whiney bitch.
[deleted]
Refs vs Steelers pathetic
"The Bus is in the hall of fame, not some average ravens player. find a new nickname"
Interception Jackson gonna choke
:)
%100 legal
[deleted]
[deleted]
3 n out lol
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This is a BOLD move. But I would not be angry if we benched Lamar. This game no longer matters. We do not want him to get hurt.
""
I believe your friend is a Steelers fan.
How did that go?
Dang mabye shoulda watched the game then talked shit
""
"This is amazing. You might not get the credit you deserve since everyone is in the gameday thread. 

But, this is Art."
"I’m gonna upvote the username, but I’m too tired to figure this out."
"With Ingram out, who do you think is the better fantasy start at RB? 

I think Gus may get more carries and would be a more likely choice at the goal line. However I think Dobbins could be a better choice in my PPR league."
Gus
"Probably Gus, he plays well against Pittsburgh and with wet conditions Dobbins holding the ball makes me nervous"
""
🐷🐷 let's get it
[removed]
Shit we just scored 😰
Calm down lol
"There's a game thread for these kinds of ~~posts~~ comments, isn't there?"
[deleted]
Fuck this game
Fuck
There goes our post season...
[removed]
""
Same! I missed part of the game but just watched the fumble and am hype rn
"Hard-nosed, ol’ school, smash-mouth football! At its finest!"
[deleted]
"Lamar threw pick 6, we score on next drive helped by questionable personal foul call and great QB play, PIT gets a makeup PI call but fumbles next play"
"Whelp 
Baltimore's offense is literally the only guys to score so far"
Stanley getting carted off the field. looks bad
"I know shit looks bleak but the Steelers are 6-0 against some shit teams outside of their last game and are playing thier best. We are 5-1 playing some of the worst football when we know we can improve. But i have faith it clicks this game later. We are easily the best defense theyve played . We got this. GO RAVENS!




Edit:Nevermind"
Nice edit
Don’t say never mind have faith in your team! The ravens will still fucking win!!!
That is all. If anyone knows how to donate your own leg tissue for experimental surgical implantation in injured linemen hmu
"
If you or someone you know is contemplating suicide, please reach out. You can find help at a National Suicide Prevention Lifeline

USA: 18002738255
US Crisis textline: 741741 text HOME

United Kingdom: 116 123

Trans Lifeline (877-565-8860)

Others: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_suicide_crisis_lines

https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org"
Please just take my knee instead
Im just happy he got his bag this week. This is just unlucky as fuck. Love him with my whole heart :(
Same
"Feel terrible for Stanley. Hope for a quick recovery but clearly he's done for season. 

Speaking of the season..... There it goes"
[deleted]
"Our line is the biggest need, especially with Stanley down."
"OL is in need all over the league. Unless the ravens give up 1st/2nd rounders, they won't get anything of worth."
"Maybe we could get Ogden to come outta retirement. Worth a shot, right? Should be well rested."
OL hardly gets dealt unless you are bad at being a GM
We'd have to get like 3 new o-linemen to even have a DECENT line at this point. We can't trade our way out of this. We're fucked.
Anyone know where I can get that MD flag mask he’s sporting today? It’s slick AND works with glasses!!
Im willing to bet John just gets these things off of mall carts 😂
"[This](https://www.routeoneapparel.com/collections/masks-face-shields/products/greyscale-maryland-flag-face-mask?lshst=collection) is it, yeah? From Route One Apparel?"
""
Looking like the run game we had last year
Gus is straight up one of the most underrated players in the league
JK is fast as fuck and has incredible balance. He reminds me of another Ravens RB #27
JK is a STAR
"I love Ingram but his injury and Dobbins balling out probably means he's cut next year. Saves us $5M which we could really use to extend Ngakoue, especially with the cap dropping by as much as $25M"
Greg Roman!
That lamar/dobbins option play is unstoppable lol...who do you take?
""
Aaaand it’s gone :(
"It helps that the starting RBs have some juice. Love Ingram, but he’s looked slow all year."
"I love how it took him 6 games and a bye week to adjust, but can’t adjust mid game or after halftime."
[deleted]
"it was a legal hit, lamar doesnt have qb protection when he runs"
[removed]
Ingram just doesn’t have explosion anymore.  Gus and especially JK are both easily better then him.
"I don’t think he’ll be shipped because of his impact in the locker room, but I do think he’ll take a lesser role."
Ss
[deleted]
[removed]
That old ref needs to stay at home.
I don’t think he will get a fine
"That was a stupid ejection.

Old ass refs are power hungry and can't handle being touched on the arm when they pull and throw players around."
He touched a ref.
Lmao based.
Even if not intentional. He has to chill and can't act like that
I mean he is kind of at fault though...
Cuz he’s *always* doing dumb shit like that. Fucking moron.
[deleted]
Judon shows once again his decision making is just fucking terrible
"That was a stupid ejection.

Old ass refs are power hungry and can't handle being touched on the arm when they pull and throw players around."
Stupidity but it wasn’t intentional he still needs to get the fuck out of Baltimore.
Constantly negating positiv plays. His teammates probably hate him.
"Dumb move. Even if it wasn’t intentional why are you trying to shake free and throw a coach/ staff member off of your back? What are you going to do from there? 

Just like when a teammate grabs you til you calm down, they’re holding you back for a reason. No need to flail like a mad man throwing arms"
This is just a dumb take
17 million reasons why Baltimore won't have anyone calling for him
"Honestly, Im glad Judon stuck up for Peters.  Im not the biggest Judon fan but he came through and bodied Johnson.  He did what he had too and should have chilled out after that."
He messing up his bag. Doing that dumb shit
Wouldn’t be surprised at all if this is his last game as a raven. I know I’m reaching major but EDC has been making big moves..
""
The captain took home the win...
You made a face like you were kicked in the nuts?
"ok I'm a Steelers fan, but this is funny"
"Not only did he get sacked, it fucked with his surgery elbow"
How'd that go?
Except Capn fat fuck is walking off your field a WINNER.
Ass.
[deleted]
""
"That's what I keep telling people, last season was exciting but it was never this team's bread and butter"
Say one more time for the people in the back
"I’m not mad about the loss. There was stupid errors, but we put up almost 300 rushing yards against the top rushing defense and held Big Ben to 24 yards in the first half. If Lamar doesn’t throw those picks, we clean up those fumbles and we don’t get those pass interference calls, this is a TOTALLY different game. I’m confident we’ll fix it by the end of the year. We proved today that we are the all around better team. Just gotta tighten up and play smarter ball. Was pleased we ran the ball down their throats. It’s like Greg Roman just remembered that’s our biggest strength after Stanley went down."
Pain.
The stupid errors are killing me.
"Hollywood turning into twitter fingers is a bad look. But yeah, back to the foundation. Defense carries us, hope to get some kinda offensive production. It flat out seems all offseasons reps with WRs and TEs was for nothing. No chemistry"
Can we take a look at someone like eric berry?
"I have issues with this statement. One of the many reasons I picked the ravens as my team is ""defense first"" mindset."
Have*
Did not age well
I can get behind this though. Defense wins championships and it’s how we got our rings.
I mean they better be...that is where all the resources are going.
"Uh, you were saying?"
""
I was reading Ben’s lips. He just asked his trainer if he could have his elbow fitted for a walking boot.
Maybe just maybe it’s because the ravens are dirty and cheap shot him? Just a guess
""
The call was bs but damn dude when you're on the sidelines control your temper 🤦🏾 hope this game can prove we don't need Judon
Honestly that’s what you get for contacting a ref. Whether he meant to or not it’s the rule and has been for awhile. Sucks but just can’t let your anger take over like that.
He really shouldn't be fighting his coach's grip like that.  That's bad teammate stuff there
"I agree Judon shouldn’t be flailing but tbh, if you’re not allowed to touch a ref, they shouldn’t be allowed to touch you."
"Imagine if Judon was still in this game. We're getting constant pressure on Fat Ben. 

Maybe we trade him by the deadline to Seattle.

Give me a tackle. 

SB guaranteed."
Judon is a waste of a roster spot
[deleted]
""
He’s drunker than usual today.
"Barely said anything after Tucks 51 yarder, had his chance to say who the real goat is"
He’s probably hoping it will like just forget
"I don't want him putting that curse on Tucker.  Maybe, he's secretly he's a Tucker fan is trying to jinx the competition."
"Honestly I used to like Romos commentary in his first year, maybe two, with Nantz. But after hearing him in our games against Browns, Chiefs, and Steelers, he is just as biased as any other announcer and not as good as I thought. I can't wait for him to jerk off D Henry in 2 weeks even if we have equally as good of a run game that week."
""
Nope. Looks like we’re back to normal
Underrated meme.
:(
[removed]
"I'm not glad he's throwing picks and fumbling, but I am glad he's picking himself up and continuing to try to play well after the mistakes."
"I just want to say, I blame that last int on you"
"Not to sound like a Lamar hater, but it’s year 3. There really shouldn’t be “learning” anymore. At this point, it’s mistakes. 

Not saying it’s not correctable, but they aren’t learning lessons anymore."
When will we see the dividends from these lessons?
"Who knows what happens if that pic-6 never happened, maybe like a butterfly effect. The Steelers D has been on the field more, and it shows as they are tired."
Hasn't worked so far in his career. What's going to make it different this time?
""
""
"Wholesome, I have to upvote 🥳🥳🥳"
Nice! Goodbye sleep.
Congratulations and welcome to the flock!
"Nice fucking baby, bro!"
As a Steelers fan... that’s a cute baby and as he grows up I trust he will come to the right side ;)
[removed]
Lmao gtfo you a bum
Maybe stop throwing the ball?!?!  The Steelers can't stop the run so let's keep throwing it. Great play calling by the coaching staff.
"That is on Lamar too for throwing a damn duck into the air to be picked off.

Fucks sake."
They have ran 30 times and thrown 16???? They're running pleanty the 7/16 and 2 ints and fumble are the problem.
"If you can’t trust your qb to throw, there’s a problem, and it’s not the play caller"
I think Lamar has as many INTs as completed passes...  just stop it.  He’s starting to look like Sam Darnold
Lamar is all smiling on the sidelines too. What the fuck is that. Ridiculous.
"Why are they so opposed to running the ball? Defense is playing lights out, we have a lead, and the run game is working. Ok let’s air this shit out against one of the best pass rushes in the league with our best olineman out."
""
I think that's further proof the WRs are covered.
I think he read your comment
[deleted]
[removed]
are we slandering lamar and hollywood? in this sub? against the top defense? y’all are spineless
And everyone was talking about how bulked up Hollywood was 😂😂
[removed]
Roman isn't outh there throwing picks and fumbling. This is not on Roman.
"The steelers are playing off coverage, yet receivers constantly go deep. No fucking crossing routes????? Fire his ass please the only thing keeping us in this one is defense and playmaking from Gus and jk"
That 4th down play call just confirmed that greg roman is senile as shit
[removed]
Relax he has the worst wr core in the league and an offensive coordinator who’s notorious for having a stale passing game.
Thats what i thought at first too. But even the best WR cant do shit when the Ball is a few yards away from him... if it even makes it to the air
You might be asking too much of him. He’s just not a passer.
Correct me if I'm wrong
Very ticky-tack. If that's a hold you could call a hold on at least 50% of the plays of either team.
FOR REAL...
Refs win another game
"There were 2 on Peters that were no exaggeration some of the worst ones I've ever seen.

If they called that every time... there wouldn't be football. It would just be some guy running next to a WR.

That ref crew was absolutely fucking horrendous."
Yep
Ehh it was a hold for sure
[removed]
"Lol Terrell Bonds, I thought his uni said Bones too...but he has been a liability"
[removed]
""
[removed]
[deleted]
"Once again, running the ball works but he stops running the ball and we lose.  wtf come on"
"Everyone blames every coordinator we have every time we lose. 

Every year and every game. Guys need to execute too, man."
Lol do you realize how hard adjusting and getting used to a whole new OC would be in the middle of the season? Any fan that agrees with this post doesn't know anything about football and is a bandwagon fan.
"I agree, Greg Roman needs to go"
[deleted]
Lamar is garbage this year
"I’m usually on the other side, but today he blatantly stopped doing what worked. Then he brought it back our second to last drive. Wtf"
...
Lamar deserves all the criticism he's going to get from this game. He handed Pittsburgh 14 points and cost us at minimum a field goal with the fumble at the 7.
We could be Super Bowl contenders if the offense decides to come back from the offseason.
Ravens lose to the Ravens 28-24
HOW DID THEY NOT ADD TIME
Why didnt they put time back on the clock because of the injury?
Steelers game MVP: Ravens QB Lamar Jackson
Jackson Played like Shit.  Roman with a Terrible call on 4th Down before the 2 min warning.  Refs throwing all sorts of flags.  Classic Ravens v. Steelers game that makes me hate the Steelers more and more.
"Our offensive line:

LT: Orlando Brown (filling in for injured Ronnie Stanley)

LG: Bradley Bozeman (3rd year 6th round pick)

C: Matt Skura (5th year UDFA, coming off a ACL, MCL, PCL, and dislocated knee injury)

RG: Patrick Mekari (2nd year UDFA, filling in for injured Tyre Philips)

RT: DJ Fluker (29 year old RG filling in for Orlando Brown)"
"Ok I’m salty but Romo cracked me up at the end. 

Nantz: What’s Harbaugh saying there?

Romo: He’s pointing at his head saying “we have to think”"
"My takeaways:

*Hollywood needs to grow like 3 or 4 inches

*Greg Roman should have taken a head coaching job last year and take his playcalling with him

*We need to keep Mekari at the RG spot. From what I saw the running game picked up immensely when he replaced Tyre

*Lamar had one of his worst games as a pro, and I pray pray pray that he uses this game as a learning experience, but I fear a lot of his issues are mechanics based which can be hard to fix

*We need Dez to be an Anquan Boldin level acquisition 

*That was among some of the worst officiating jobs overall that I’ve ever seen in any professional sport"
Can someone explain to me how they don’t add time at the end there?
"Greg Romans playcalling is fucking atrocious, what the fuck is that call on 4th down"
I love Hollywood don't get me wrong but we missed on Metcalf. Jesus.
Lamar was brutal
"Lamar struggled but let's look at this:

- Called PI on Ravens for something that should've only been a hold

- Phantom hold on Lamar's TD run and couldn't show where the hold was on replay

- Phantom PI on Humphrey that didn't even try to show a replay of

- a CLEAR OPI by Claypool uncalled

- a DQ when a 15 yarder was clearly more than enough given the circumstance

Edit: oh yeah, I do want to say that they definitely missed a hold on Jimmy too, but I think that was a decision because Diontae gave up. If not tho then that's a bad call too.

Edit 2: NO TIME ADDED ON THE INJURY. I was half expecting them to hit us with a 10 second runoff like we're the Lions.

Edit 3: We still could have won this game. The 4th down QB draw sealed out fate. I am not saying the refs lost it - we did commit some bad penalties that cost us that were called correctly."
FUCK THE REFS
"Fuck that ending. No added time for the Steelers force time out, no call on the defenseless receiver hit; straight hit to the head. Fuck this dumb shit."
"You'd think an injury would stop the clock when it happened, not 15 seconds afterwards."
"We played like shit, but as far as I'm concerned, this is like the 2015 Jags game. We won. There should have been 5+ seconds added, and an untimed down at the 1 after the DPI. Side note, if anyone else get get shots of the hit, much appreciate"
We look like a poorly coached team. Another game of 100+ penalty yards
"This loss is 100% Lamar.

He was making terrible choices and really bad throws since the 2nd play to the final play."
Fuck the refs
"Ugh and we lost Stanley probably for the season. Fuck man, as if the loss wasn’t bad enough."
Bengals fan here. They should've added more time on the clock after that injury. You guys got screwed.
Complete bullshit not giving extra time. I guess anyone can flop and take away time.
Lamar awful in another big game.
"2 interceptions, almost three + three fumbles from Lamar. 14 points off turnovers for the Steelers. This loss is all on Lamar"
So what was Romo talking about when he said Coach was pointing to his head and “talking about a situation that I don’t even want to bring up?”
"We gift wrapped this game for the Steelers. We played horribly except for the run game. 

Lamar played bad and looks off this year, although he had a great TD run taken away. Throwing mechanics are weird, decision making needs to take a step forward. 

Refs were bad."
457 yards of offence to 221. Pathetic
Are announcers not aloud to talk about targeting?
FUCK EVERYTHING
Fuck the refs today.  They have been bad across the league.  Should have been more time on clock for injury time out and clear defenseless receiver hit by Steelers there
"Ravens beat themselves, too many PI's and Lamar was reckless. However, losing 2 o-linemen against the Steelers defensive front was killer for pass protection."
I 100% guarantee if the situation was flipped a penalty would’ve been called on us on that last play
[removed]
"No mistaking that Lamar had a bad game but even still, the refs made no mistake as to who they were favoring. Just bs call after bs call against the ravens. And then not adding time at the end? What’s the justification for that? I’ve seen bad officiating in my life, but this might take the cake."
"Fuck the refs
Fuck Greg Roman
God damnit Lamar"
Lamar choked
Fuck
"I'm fuming over these refs, it's embarrassing"
I want my 5 seconds fuckheads
"Lamar sucked, Steelers aren't anything special, refs sucked."
"Lamar fucked us on this game. Without him, the steelers dont have 14 of their points and we get some more points."
I hate liking a small market team. Every call is against us.
"Refs were absolute trash, but good teams play through that.

Inexcusable plays by LJ that led to 14 points.

I'm still optimistic, but gonna be tough sledding to win the divsion after this and the KC game."
"Lamar makes soo many cocky throws and bad decisions because he thinks he can outplay the defense every time.  Problem is he is playing NFL caliber players and they will make the better play sometimes.  If he just stuck to the free stuff and made the plays that are in front of him, we would not have given up 14 of the points we gave up.  The Pick-Six and the 20 yard line INT both were gaming changing."
[deleted]
"Hey not bad for a RB, but for a QB, yeah pretty bad"
"Greg Roman logic:

RB averaging 7 yards a carry 

4th and 3

*calls a QB run*"
"A lot to digest. Let’s start with the good. JK looks like a freaking stud, D looks legit, and the wideouts got wide open multiple times today. 
Now for the ugly. Lamar looked bipolar today. He’s still legit but definitely not a good day. It’s hard to win football games with four turnovers, shit it’s nearly impossible. Granted the injuries but the O Line did not look good at the least bit, a lot of missed blocking assignments and guys just standing two yards past the line of scrimmage with Pitt Just running past them. Ref ball was a true thing today but it’s not defining reason why we got the L.

Edit: Still don’t know what the offense scheme was today."
"Horrible game, Imma go punch something"
Any reason they didnt add any extra time on the clock after the Snead first down? Could have had one extra play honestly
so fucking pissed
I’m just fucking sad. 5th seed bullshit here we come.
At least they didn't stop running the ball when playing from behind.
4th and 2 play - just run the option that had been gashing them the whole drive and we would be talking about a win
Not sure if it would have mattered but I feel robbed about the clock at the end
"Lamar handed a W to the Steelers. Plain and simple. Our RBs killed it today but Lamar did more for the Steelers offense than what he did for our team. Especially laughing off that 2nd pick which ultimately closed the gap for us to lose.

I really hope Lamar takes a hard look in the mirror and finds that hungry SB attitude he had last year"
By the refs logic heyward should have been called offsides
I dont get how the final play isn't a foul. It's a hit on a defenseless receiver and DPI. I dont get it refs just eat their whistle on the last play unfairly that wasmt a hail mary
Get Dez on the roster NOW.
">John Harbaugh said the referees didn't give him an explanation for why no time was given back on the clock after the Cameron Heyward injury. He asked and all they said was ""the time was fine."" - @sgellison"
Worst 7-0 team of all time
No added clock and no flag? Fucking bullshit
"This is the first time i can honestly say that lamar singlehandedly cost us a W.

* (2018) First chiefs loss was nearly a win that the defense couldn't hold.
* (2018 PO) Chargers L in the playoffs was a weird one (poor & predictable playcalling, whole offense being dysfunctional).
* (2019) Chiefs game on the road was a greg roman disasterclass alongside lamar being inaccurate downfield.
* (2019) Browns game had an ingram fumble & a ravens defense that was god awful. 
* (2019 PO) Titans L was a game where both offense and front 7 failed to show up.
* (2020) The KC loss this year was wild on O (dropped passes, poor playcalling, inaccurate balls) but the defense couldn't stop a nosebleed. Team had little shot to win due to both sides of the ball playing poorly.

This game was was different. The defense was fine. The run game was rolling. Roman didn't lose his mind as a playcaller until the last couple of drives.

Lamar gifted them turnover after turnover (4) which included a pick6, redzone fumble and another pick which resulted in a short field TD. The 4th fumble was a cheap one (4th down qb draw which wouldn't have converted anyways). However, lamar also threw an interceptable ball to haden and fumbled w/ no one near him before fumbling.

Lamar gave them an easy 14pts while taking 3-7 points off the board for the ravens in what ended up being a 4pt steelers win. That was the difference in the game. His decision making and field vision were atrocious for most of the game. This was basically a repeat of the cincy game for lamar (which i called the worst game of his career at the time) except pitt caught lamar's interceptable throws this time.

Lamar's errors were the difference in the game."
"No time added, so many bullshit PI calls, and no PI called on the last play. Okay Refs, good for y'all"
"We will need to win the second time around if we are going to take the division.  We have a great team, but it’ll be tough to win since it’ll be in Pit."
"The refs were horrible all those non-pi’s not adding time, every time Lamar has hit after the play"
We can beat them if Lamar focuses up. I'm annoyed but not deflated.  Just get to the playoffs
[deleted]
First time losing when leading at halftime :(
We normally split our season series with Steelers as 1-1 remembered even the best teams go 14-2
we lost 2 of our O-line and still lose to refball
"Wish I could say that was a fun game. Between the giveaways and bullshit penalties, that aged me a couple of years."
"I’m in disbelief that Lamar handed our biggest rival a game like that, especially with them being 6-0. What a fucking brutal game"
That was major bullshit on the last play that was pass interference!!
"Fucking god damn shit, we should’ve won"
"I understand that there's football analysis to be done but the thing that decided this game is that the steelers had 3 penalties for 30 yards and we had 9 for 110. That's the game right there, don't try and make it complicated.

Edit: I want to be clear this is not a bitch about the refs post, idc how good or bad the calls were the boys left it in the hands of the refs"
"Lamar is honestly playing like one of the worst qbs in the league right now, he needs to pick it up and fast if we want to do anything in january"
"Ben could have thrown the ball into the 10th row and they still would have thrown a PI flag on us

Yet we get to the endzone and thats a clean play? fucking bullshit"
I wish I could turn off the internet and skip work for a week to live in a cabin until next Sunday. Why do I even watch this game? Life is pain.
"Look. Lamar has very bad turnovers today and it was a bad offensive game.

We can acknowledge that and also not say he’s terrible and the season is a wash. It sucks. On to indy"
Why was Harbaugh pointing to his head?
"Lamar played awful, defense continued to extend drives with penalties, 2 O-lineman got hurt, Judon got booted for some BS and only lost by 4. The sub is gonna freak out but we’ll be fine. We’ll see them again on Thanksgiving! Move on to the Colts!"
"Loss aside, if this game wasn’t a sign that JK Dobbins needs to be more involved in the rushing attack consistently going forward then idk what to say"
Are you allowed to be on the wrong side of the LoS after the snap if you're injured?
These penalties and turnovers man....
I am sad. I will consume a lot of spaghetti.
Damn we beat ourselves and possibly lost two starting OL
"Fuck the refs, fuck Injuries, fuck everyone. We should have won this one damn it."
Wow dude what the actual fuck
"# Question about the Game:

As a person that doesn't keep up with all of the football games, what was the meaning of the Ravens head coach pointing a finger at his head and the sports commentators saying that they have to ""think about something, but they're not saying what""? Somebody please explain this to me."
"Who gets the blame here, sure Lamar definitely shoulders some of it. But let's be honest here, so much shit went wrong
 Injuries
Judon getting ejected
Refs of course
Patchwork offensive line


What can you do, everything that could have went wrong, went wrong."
"The only positives are the defense, Jk and Gus. The fact that the refs didn’t add time is ridiculous. And Lamar needs to get his head out of his ass. He hasn’t been doing anything this year. Too many mistakes. And Roman. Don’t even get me started"
"We really need that go to possession receiver.  Andrews does a lot of great things but has drops at times.  The offense really needs that Smith / Boldin / Mason guy to be effective with the running.  

No team is afraid of our receivers outside of Andrews and he can be bottled up.  Dobbins and Gus should be the 1-2 moving forward.  Dobbins has some of the best balance I've seen in a long time.  Defense played well outside penalties (some of which were pretty ticky tack).

Maybe Dez helps solidify that receiving corp but I'm looking for a center and reworking the playbook on play calling a bit for next week.  Colts / Titans / Steelers again over the next month can really shape the AFC."
When do the press conferences begin? Can’t wait to hear what everyone has to sag
[removed]
Honestly we lost this game to Lamar and to the refs. I love him but it's the truth this time.
[deleted]
"Crappy outcome but we battled back from the early pick 6 and the late lead change.  That's encouraging with the prior ways we folded when at a deficit.

Onto next week.  Congrats to the Steelers."
"Confirmed, Stanley out for season with an ankle injury."
"We need to stop pretending this was just a series of one-off mistakes and poor officiating. Yes, the officiating stunk and yes it was raining. 

But offense has looked like garbage all year with no signs of improving. Lamar is a bottom 5 passer by every metric and the eye test backs it up. Greg Roman is displaying Cam Cameron levels of game management after being brilliant last year. Nothing that happened today was an outlier. 

To look like this off a bye at home is really bad. Pittsburgh isn’t anywhere near as good as their record and was objectively worse than the ravens for an entire half. We handed them this game. With their easy schedule it’s very hard to see Baltimore catching them at this point, especially with Stanley out for the year."
Hard to win against one of the best teams in the league with 4 turnovers and a backup o line. We gotta get better.
"There were a few costly mistakes and some really bad throws, but I think the offense did look better today than they had before the bye.  Going against a defense as stout as Pitt is will always be a tough task and they didn't panic, stuck with the run and saw success with it.  
  
A few suspect playcalls as well and some mistakes to be cleaned up, but this team still could do damage later on.  Running out of time to start making those adjustments though, cannot get very far with these mistakes.  
  
Overall, I'm whelmed.  I was expecting improvement, there was some but I was expecting much more."
Imagine running for 265 yards and having to panic in the 4th to scrap up a game winning drive...
Everyone missing the helmet to helmet hit that wasnt called on lamar on that awful qb draw on 4th and 3 tho
"Between Lamar having another brutal performance in a big game and Stanley likely out long term with a bad injury, this was just about the worst possible scenario we could have hoped for"
"Lamar cost us the game here, sad but true"
hard to beat any team giving away 14 points
"\#Ravens coach John Harbaugh said officials ran off the field and didn't talk to him about the last play, on which he said Willie Snead ""took a shoulder to the helmet."" - @AaronKazreports

[[Twitter video] Play in question](https://twitter.com/thecheckdown/status/1323012850609090560)"
"Refs were garbage this game, Lamar played terrible, honestly I’m not mad at the play calling at some point we have to see if Lamar can pass the ball against good teams and right now it doesn’t look like he can. The weapons thing is very true when a quarterback is having a tough time dropping back and making defensive coverage reads and making the right pass the way you make up for that is more weapons. But that doesn’t take away from the fact that I’m seriously questioning Lamar right now I love his story, he has a Raven mentality but there are limitations right now that are glaring for Lamar. I’m not sure what we can do in the next couple days to get more weapons without using a 1st rounder or something of that nature. I’m not sure what his contract situation is like but perhaps trade Peters I mean he’s served us well but we need more offense right now. Although this is definitely an overreaction I just wanna put it out there for my peace of mind. But I would look at Darnold right now I believe he can do a lot better in our awesome organization. Roman and Darnold don’t necessarily fit together perfectly. But at the end of the day we still get another knock at the Steelers. Let’s see how this pans out. Last thing how awesome were our fans at the game making that much noise wow that was awesome. The Flock is stronger than ever"
"I've supported Lamar from Day 1 and still believe in him, but I'm getting real tired of people letting him off the hook every time he has bad games. 

Sure play calling could be better, he probably needs more reliable weapons and it's a team game, but he's the focal point. 

We all want the same thing, a MVP caliber Lamar. You don't get that by sweeping aside honest criticism and not holding him accountable as well."
That play call on 4th and 3 was one of the worst play calls all season.
"This is one of the most frustrating losses in recent memory.  Lamar needs to be better, no excuses.  He can’t be careless with the football and needs to find a way to figure things out.  With that being said, I think Greg Roman is a huge issue.  Running the football is so crucial for this team, and the play calls have been so fucking inconsistent.  Yes we ran the ball 47 times today, but his situational play calling has been abysmal.    We ended up scoring, but before the Hollywood TD, it’s 2nd & goal from the 3, and we ran 3 straight pass plays.  We seem incredibly predictable right now, and we won’t make it far if things don’t change. We need to establish the run early, and use it to set up some play action.  Our receiving corp isn’t built to move down the field with short passes every play, so if we want to be able to throw on early downs, forcing the defense to stack the box is a must.  Also, why the fuck do we never roll Lamar out?  Every single passing play is from the pocket.  I think rolling him out to the right would be incredibly effective, and it also gives him the opportunity to use his legs if he needs to.  With how bad our pass blocking looked, itd also keep Lamar from being pressured every damn play.  Tbh, it seems like Roman is trying to outsmart the other team every single play.  If he thinks they’re expecting a run, he calls a pass.  Idc what the other team is expecting; with how we can run the ball, we should run it down their fucking throats until they stop us."
"First of all fuck the refs. What a shit show. Absolutely horrendous calls out there today. Questionable play at the end of the game aside - how do we not get time back on for that injured player? Crazy.

Okay but really Lamar lost the game for us. Gifted the Steelers 14 points and that was the difference in the game. Offense was a little more consistent (finally running the ball!) but his three turnovers (I guess four with that 4th down fumble) killed us. Pick six, fumble in the red zone and then the other INT next play Ebron scores. Dude has to be better (HE WILL BE) but dude cost us today."
14 Steeler points off turnovers in a 4 point game and you fools wanna blame the refs 😂
"Yall need to take a step back and realize that we have the same record now as we did last year and last year the second loss was to the Browns, not a peak-performing Steelers team. We almost beat the best defense in the league even with multiple bad turnovers, losing 2 offensive linemen and a starting OLB. We still ran the ball for 265 yards against what was supposedly the best run defense in the league. The refs were godawful. There were tons of issues in this game and we almost won anyway. Grow up, take the L gracefully, and support the best Ravens team we've had in years, or find a new fanbase. This team is too good to have your fairweather bullshit stinking up the place."
"Last year we were 5-2 as well. We have a lot to improve on, but better to lose games like this now rather than later."
"Such an amazing game! The afc north is so stacked, one of the most talented young divisions... burrow, Lamar, assburger, mayfeathers... such good rivalry I’m so happy"
"Covid can go ahead and end this season  now, lol."
Are the mods going to do anything about the insane amount of Steeler fans in here? They’re even getting upvoted
"As a Pittsburgher who hates the Steelers, I’m sorry you guys got boned by the refs at the end."
"entire team failure, Jackson threw 2 ints, fumbles all over the place, poor play calling ,defense gave up giant fucking chunk plays everywhere on penalties, refs fucked us, and time management was suspect"
"Fucking last play was PI. Refs should have gave more time. Fucking lamar throwing picks.

I hate the NFL sometimes"
"I’m not being salty when I say it, but the Steelers do not deserve to be 7-0. Ravens were the better team out there. Ran all over their “top” defense but Lamar HANDED those damn picks."
"I believe sports are fixed now... before you downvote me look up Tim Donaghy, major sports tell them what to call. How can games be so lopsided when it comes to penalties. I refuse to believe that one team is almost perfect and not committing penalties and the other is getting huge calls against them."
"Hey guys, it is what it is. We still have a chance at the division, and we're still gonna make the playoffs. Love you all.

&#x200B;

Edit: Whoever hit me with that downvote, I'm going through a really tough time irl right now, just be glad you're able to actually care about a single football game."
[deleted]
Why the fuck are there 4 receivers in the same spot on that last play
Why the fuck didn’t Tony want to bring up the hit to the head on the last play of the game? Like that doesn’t fucking matter after all the soft calls against us all day? Total horseshit.
Pittsburg was given that game
"I bet Heyward was fucking faking it bc he knew the refs were gonna screw us over with that. He was ""injured"" earlier too."
mark andrews shits the bed whenever a team over .500 is on the schedule
It takes one bad game from Lamar for all the racists on this sub to pop out of the woodwork. Sad.
"This game was disgustingly riddled with ref ball blatantly favoring the steelers. Muiltiple times they had indeed committed delay of game, yet no call.

A corner barely touching a reciever on a ball that is not catchable at all ""PI"".

Then at the end of the game you have 2 clearly blown reff ball calls that should have these refs at least looking at fines for ineptitude. 

1) 7 extra seconds on the clock for the injury. They are allowed to go back and review the tape for that so fthey can assertain the time.

2) How in the heck is there not a personal foul on the final play. The reciever is clearly defensless and you nail him in the head. That should have been an extra play."
"The refs were dogshit, but you don't win the game with 3 giveaways and 110 penalty yards. Just too sloppy."
Hoes were not stunted upon.  I'm disappointed.
"**observations:**

\- Lamar is indecisive. He changes his base and only looks at the right side of the field, when he looks left he lobs and underthrows. He's making extremely poor decisions for a third year player. We really need some ppl to step up other than Snead.

\- FUCK EMPTY SETS. They don't work when you have a line that cant pass protect worth shit

\- Judon is garbage, Sack Daddy and Bowser took his role and set an edge better than him without the roughing penalties.

\- Refs were absolute trash on both sides. This game should've been 21-24 (assuming the 14pt swing from Lamar's awful throws counted still)

\- WHY THROW UNDERNEATH IN COVER 2?! Andrews was covered on that 2nd pick

\- Again FUCK EMPTY SETS. 5 Wide draw, empty backfield on FOURTH AND THREE? Are you fucking kidding me? JK was averaging over 6 YPC...Gus over 5. THEY COULDVE GOTTEN THE FUCKING FIRST

&#x200B;

refs definitely had a hand in it but this was a complete meltdown by our offense regardless of the score. So infuritiating

&#x200B;

In short we NEED BETTER PLAYCALLING. Greg Roman **has to fucking go**. You dont call these retarded plays with a TE split outside the #s against a Cover 2 IN THE FLAT. You throw deep or run a god damn crosser to push zones to one side of the field.

I just do not understand this play calling and if there is even scheming going on. We now have 2.5 seasons of a failure to adjust after the half. Really tired of it. We need young people as OCs not these old turds who do stupid shit from the 2000s"
"Steelers fan here, I come in peace
Just wanted to say how is your run game so good, you absolutely gashed us the whole game, yinz have something special with the running backs. Hopefully you guys can get everyone healthy for the Thanksgiving rematch. You have a great team down there"
Some of you are so fair weather it isn’t even funny.  Lamar was playing behind an eviscerated oline and basically didn’t have one clean pocket the entire game.  It was a great game and I’m not upset that we lost this one.
Jackson isn't even close to deserving a Franchise QB contract.
haha that was fucking awful
"Horrendous play calling part 8, love to see it GRo"
What was harbaugh saying at the end?
"Romo just confirmed they can’t call out bad reffing.

So what’s the point of having them"
Greg Roman needs to get his shit figured out or he has to go
They rushed every single play that second to last drive. Wasted huge amounts of clock and gave the Steelers time to adjust. Genius.
We had too many penalties during the game and that came to haunt us.
Please someone save this offense and get yanda on weight gain 4000
"Penalties continue to be a problem. Offense is still inconsistent but the defense looked improved since the philly game. Going forward we are going to have a huge problem with pass proctection, but the run blocking looks like it will be fine."
It's sad that when we're down under 2mins with no timeouts I already now the game is lost. This team can not make comebacks.
We couldn’t have run the option again on the game deciding 4th down that they couldn’t defend all game? Aight fam
"This game is inexcusable. We come off a bye week, gift our biggest rival 14 points, continue the lack of discipline for penalties from the eagles game, and show why everyone has been calling for a more run heavy offense. This is a loss that goes against Lamar, Roman, Harbaugh, and EDC. In that order. Lamar for continuing to make rookie mistakes, Roman for not playing this offense to its strengths and mitigating those Lamar mistakes, Harbaugh for not having the team disciplined, and EDC for not bringing in or developing weapons for Lamar. Harbaugh may get a slight pass for the refs since it was a shit show."
"What a fucking joke. Lamar played like shit, the team showed no discipline, and we're playing with a backup offensive line."
my main takeaway is that this loss is 100x worse given we were in it without two starting linemen.
"i honestly dont even find myself caring

like i just dont anymore 

cant trust this team with shit"
Anyone else feel like they got a cardio workout after that game?
"I don't feel great about that win as a Steelers fan, a lot of ticky-tack calls that went in the Steelers favor. Hopefully the next game we have better officiating."
Worst part is this was after our bye....you know the week we should look our best....and we looked timid
Like fuck man if ur gonna call shitty calls then call if both ways at least FUCK
"Pretty much the worst possible scenario. Major injuries, tensions high, poor Lamar performance, tight loss..."
"Lamar showed a lot of resilience in the midst of a below average game against a great opponent. He may have made a lot of mistakes, but he also kept getting us back in it. It sucks but we're still in a great spot overall. Let's get to Thanksgiving"
And now onto the whiskey..
Something that hurts is once the offense did get their shit together and take the lead the defense let them go the other way. Flaccoesque.
"Lamar was brutal today. He needs to be better. Can’t diagnose QB play well enough to pin-point what is going on outside of o-line play and lack of game-changing receiving options but man, it’s disappointing to see him make such bad plays like today’s two picks and the lack of awareness on the fumble."
"This is a challenge for Lamar to mentally recover from an emotional loss midseason. The bounce-back or lack thereof will set the tone for the next half-decade. 

Better lose ugly here and learn from it, than get blown-out in the AFC championship."
"I don't understand why GRo keeps calling this shit pass plays when we know our OLine is like swiss cheese with these injuries, our receivers are barely getting separation, and our quarterback keeps second-guessing himself. JK and Gus had an insane game today and the fact that they were invisible when we needed them shows yet again how fucking DOGSHIT our playcalling is. Not gonna hop on the fire GRo train right now but jesus christ man, stick to what works for us instead of trying to prove Lamar's a passer, fuck the noise and do what makes us win."
Okay I need stop posting in here but with the game on the line HOW DO YOU GO 5 WIDE WITH NO ONE IN THE BACKFIELD. We had been gashing them with the option play on that run.  Why not at least make them potentially defend the run. Every single person knew it was a draw when they went 5 wide.
My brother is a Steelers fan ( I live in the U.K.) i lost my mind today. AMA
"If they lose next week, it's time to worry."
How could you trust Lamar with the game in his hands at this point?
"This offense is built around and for Lamar Jackson, he needs to play better."
"Just wanted to pop in here and say I appreciate the cordiality in the main game-thread. Obviously, dicks on both sides, but enjoyed it with y’all. 

See you on Thanksgiving."
Bad officiating and bad coaching poor execution too predictable this was a fubar
"I gotta put my blame on those fucking penalties. Yes lamar was brutally bad today but I do think we could have won If our defense didnt screw up with over 100 yards penalties. Ridiculous. 

Also am I the only one losing faith in Andrews? I feel like he’s been majorly regressing too."
Can someone please explain how you can't fumble the ball forward EXCEPT when you score a touchdown like the Eagles did 2 weeks ago?
Stanley out for season 😢😢😢
"Man I know he was just signed, but it would've been the perfect time to send a big bodied Dez Bryant in for a sideline/corner contested catch...albeit it would've meant promoting him from the practice squad and idk if we could afford to do that with all the line replacements we had. 

Another very poor showing by the offense. Defense had difficulty in the 2nd half on the empty sets. I will say the 4 man rush seemed a lot more effective with Ngakoue than it was before."
We beat ourselves today with turnovers. Despite the injuries we did good. This loss will sharpen us for weeks to come. They are the toughest team left on our schedule IMO. HOLD YA HEAD UP. We were dominating and a few mistakes like 3 turnovers is a lot even for the best teams. We know who we are and we’re on everyone’s radar. We got this.
Every Steelers fan is welcome to kiss the fattest part of my ass
Can’t even start to explain how much I hate that pos Ben
[Statement from OLB Matthew Judon. - @Ravens](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ElxNoCNXEAEa7bh.jpg)
"Terrible decision-making by Lamar all game. Take away his two interceptions and fumble, and it's at least a 17-point swing. Could have been up 20-0 at halftime. Defense played fine, but tired of the pass interference on every deep ball.

This is a game you have to win, especially when they found a way to run the ball (finally) despite having zero offensive line.

Pittsburgh is most likely going to be 10-0 going into our Thanksgiving game, and there's a good chance that game could give them the division title."
"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk)

&#x200B;

Lamar has to look outside at least a little bit, Boykin was WIDE OPEN"
I am sad...
"The one take away I have from this game is, I watched our defense generate pressure on a quarterback with a four man rush multiple times. Something we haven’t been able to do in forever. 

Let’s realign this offense to be a run first, second, third and maybe even fourth offense that doesn’t turn the ball over and we can be tough to beat. Even with Stanley going down, we could clearly still run the ball against the second best run defense in the league. Not quite 2000 because this offense is better by miles. No reason we can’t win. Just need to protect that football."
Serious question that I ask as I sit here in my Lamar Jackson jersey. But assuming we're the 5th seed now if we don't win a playoff game do we extend Lamar.
Activate Bryant for thanksgiving
This one sucks fellas. I tell my self every week not to be so invested that it makes you sad when a team loses but it happens every time we take an L. But we gotta dust this one off and get back to work. Should be good by Wednesday
"Both offenses were trash today. I think in four weeks we will see a much better game offensively from both teams. Props to the D coordinators who out-schemed the offenses. 

I think if the we limit our  mistakes the next go around we will beat Pittsburgh. They are 7-0 for a reason though, their offense will come to play next time and ours needs to step up to the challenge."
"Obviously, it's not an exact metric cause shit happens. But to have a fucking Ravens/Steelers game, possibly the best knock down-drag out match up where 1 team has 3 penalties for 30 yards and the other team has 9 or 10 for 100+ yards?

Something's fucky

*disclaimer: I might be off on the exact penalty numbers. I just remember the last graphics I saw had the Steelers at 3/30 and the Ravens at 110 penalty yards."
Today Greg Roman learned that running the ball the whole game can work. Stop getting cute and pound the ticking rock. And I think Lamar probably needs to go back to basics a bit. Fundamentals are falling apart.
"Shout out to Dobbins, we got a real one out there!"
Imagine if Brown caught that last second pass though...
I think we have to find ways to get Lamar rolling out and throwing on the run. Need different types of play action and ways where he doesn't have to sit in the pocket and step up into it.
Hollywood looked open that last play
"I don't know what to do to help Lamar. Maybe he's tired. Or maybe it's mental. His throws looked very weak today, both interceptions looked like ranging throws instead of honest-to-goodness throws. Even on the incomplete pass in the corner of the end zone. Half the QBs in the league are turning into ""RB QBs"", and defenses are going to retool themselves to shut it down. If Lamar can't up his passing game, we may never improve on what we did last year. 

We also need to work on basic errors that we're making. Sure we had ghost penalties called against us, but things like twelve men on the field, illegal shifts, not being set, etc... These are things Harbaugh and Co. need to crack down on. Not sure what that's about, but we really do need to work on it. Would be interesting to see how we compare to others on penalties."
Refs jobbed us but I ain’t that mad because we didn’t play well at all. Lamar and Roman need to get their acts together.
What’s wrong with Lamar this season? Is he playing injured or something?
"A loss in Week 8 isn't typically a big deal, but when you look at the upcoming schedules, we're in quite a hole.

Heading into the rematch on Thanksgiving night, Pittsburgh has Dallas, Cincinnati, and Jacksonville, which should put them at 10-0.  We have Indianapolis, New England, and Tennessee, so let's say we go 2-1, which puts us at 7-3.  A loss in the rematch game would put us four games out of first place with five games to go, so basically Pittsburgh could clinch the division before December.

Had we won yesterday, we'd both be sitting at 6-1, and it would be a dogfight till the end.  Crazy how one game not even halfway through the season has such a huge impact."
"DAY AFTER OPINIONS:  
Disappointing loss, we were definitely the better team but the undisciplined play, and poor ref'ing was the nail in the coffin.  
- Run game looked awesome after Alualu went out for the Steelers. We switched up our typical power run style and started working in more zone run plays and the Steelers just couldn't beat the RB reads that Dobbins was making. Dobbins looked incredible today and I think its clear we are going to see him take that #1 RB spot with Gus and Ingram as the 1B and 2B going forward.  
- Offensive line was ok even after all the injuries piled up. Sucks we lost Stanley and hope he recovers well and is good to go for the beginning of next season. Going forward we may run into some issues with depth on the o line so its worth keeping an eye on this group.
- Lamar was just overall poor today and the turnovers were the topping on the shit cake he had today. Credit to the Steelers defense because they got awesome pressure today and made some plays but the pick six was inexcusable. I expect him to be better going forward and he can work to turn things around next week on the road against the Colts.
- I can't tell if our WR's dont fit into our offense play style, or if they just aren't good at all. The passing game just seems so uninspired and I think it hurts Lamar because no one is really ""open"" on any play he's being forced to fit in passes on covered players.
- Roman did a wonderful job using the run game on that two minute drill and I don't really know if any team in the NFL besides the Titans(and Derrick Henry) can do a two minute drill of just straight up run plays. Problem comes down to key plays at the end of games where he gets a bit too cute. Lamar shouldn't have had a QB draw, it should have been a Gus/Dobbins run up the gut.  
- Defense as a whole did a pretty good job stopping their offense, but they caught the short end of the stick with ref'ing and also Judon catching an ejection. Really unacceptable for Judon to act that way and he hurt the team in a huge way. Overall no real complaints from this side of the ball.  

The offense just needs to be better all around. It wont happen unless every person buys into it. Next week we play a very good Colts team that we should be able to handle. Hopefully we can get back on track against a winning team. I think the Division is still in reach but I think we will probably end up as a WC team and to be honest I think this may benefit us."
"Man, Hollywood was open on the final play."
You could swear we are 2-5 LOL by the pile-on going on this morning
"Man we shoulda won and everybody who watched knows we fucking should of.

The Steelers weren't good we just fucking shot ourselves in the foot."
At least the ravens are still winning the games they are supposed to. Can’t be mad that they’re losing to the big bros.
"Soooo with the shear size of him, Dez makes that catch on the endzone at the buzzer right? Any news on activating him?"
Shout out to Lamar for gifting the Steelers a net of 17 points at least. Unanimous MVP lmao
"Steelers fan here, coming in peace. I think the Ravens performed really well today. I see people shitting on the refs and Jackson, but from the seats on the other side. I saw a couple ticky-tacky calls that went both ways, and a Ravens QB that nearly gave me a stroke. He wasn't perfect, but he was damn good, and slipperier than a greased pig. One TD is overturned due to a flag, but then he slings it right back to the same guy.

This was a great game on both sides, frankly, had you won you would have easily earned it. This was a game I was REALLY nervous about, may more so than any other in our lineup.

Fuck the Bengals."
"Refs, Lamar and Greg Roman."
Imagine running the football 4 times while losing by 4 with 2 minutes left
Can’t wait to hear the same old bullshit in the post game
[deleted]
"This game was just complete and utter frustration. Stupid turnovers, penalties, refball. I feel like if 1-2 things would have gone differently we could have come out on top. Honestly, if not for Lamar's 2nd int, this may have been a blowout. We absolutely could have won this game, but we won't be winning anything in the postseason if we don't get our shit together."
"Can we just lose with dignity for christ sake? We didnt execute, on to next week"
A true MVP performance
"Damnit dude, this feels like a good Ol’ fashion Joe Flacco loss."
"I said it last week and I'll say it again, Lamar is the biggest problem right now. It's not that he's a bad player because he isn't. The issue is that he's playing very average right now (I would argue that in this game he was bad but in the season he's been average) and needs to do better. You can't give the ball away and you can't always look to run. That 4th down play was awful, should have thrown it up in the air over running into 6 defenders"
[removed]
[removed]
"Lamar fucking sucks. I don’t care what anyone says.

Edit: Downvote all you want. He’s been horrible this season, and this game was the icing."
[removed]
#EDC TRADE FOR A WR (ANYONE AT THIS POINT) AND OL
"Loss is on Lamar for me as well, but can we all just stop being so fucking negative every single time he makes a bad play? It's like the majority of you want him to fail...and relish when he does play bad.

Maybe remember the bloke is playing behind a poor offensive line (especially this game after Stanley/Phillips go down) and has below average receivers. Dude did win MVP last year, and maybe thats why everyone is so harsh on him because we all have high expectations. Just reckon we need to chill a little bit."
"Lamar is over rated. Take away his run, and he’s not a good QB at all. Ravens can’t beat a good team, they just can’t."
Please stop blaming the refs. We should have run the ball more in the 2nd half and Lamar crapped the bed today. We were the better team and lost at home. SMH.
We lost today too😔 We’re joining you in mourning.
"I saw there was a comment on the Judon ejection from Head of Officiating, but was there anything mentioned about the injury/not adding time back situation yet?"
[removed]
[removed]
Pittsburgh makes big plays
[removed]
"Guys we just aren’t as good as Pittsburgh this year. We need to accept it. Sadly, Lamar has hit his ceiling"
Refs tried their hardest. Lamar can’t throw.
[deleted]
[removed]
"I kind of don’t like Lamar, dude was smiling on the sideline after throwing the game. I don’t think we can go deep with that immaturity."
[removed]
I’m starting to fear that people will compare lamar to Baker Mayfield. I think the reason he’s gotten a pass so far was because he won MVP last season.
"#The rules are simple:

* **Submit a player/coach/position group**, preferably **in BOLD** to stand out easier. Add stats/reasoning if you want.

* Make sure your nominee has not already been submitted. 

#**Previous Weeks**

* Week 1: Lamar Jackson
* Week 2: Marlon Humphrey
* Week 3: Whole team except special teams (blame)
* Week 4: Patrick Queen
* Week 5: Defense
* Week 6: Calais Campbell

#**This week's nominees are...**"
Lamar Jackson.
LAMAR bad plays all day till the end
Lamar turning the ball over.  His fault.
Lamar and penalties.
Lamar
Lamar. Those interceptions killed us.
"Lamar, can't have 4 turnovers in a rivalry game."
Lamar
Lamar Jackson
110% Lamar Jackson
Lamar—We need to hold the MVP accountable
Lamar Jackson. 100%
"Lamar. Single handedly kept the steelers in it the 1st half, the interception at the start of the 3rd was killer."
Lamar.
"The guy who handed the Steelers 14 easy fucking points. Of course its Lamar. He's played poorly all game, this is the worst."
"Sorry to say but Lamar.

With a assist from the refs"
Lamar Jackson sprinkle some Greg Roman but I can’t keep blaming Greg if lamar is going to fucking suck like that
Lamar Jackson and it's not even close. He had the worst game of his career. We rushed for hundreds of yards and yet his passing still lost us the game.
"Lamar. Period. 

2 turnovers in the red zone, one just out of it. Pick 6. 

We win this game going away without Lamar's coughing up the ball."
If your answer is not Lamar you are wrong.
Penalties. 100+ yards doesn't cut it.
"**Lamar Jackson**

Directly responsible for 14 points for the steelers. 

And cost us at least 3 by the TO in their redzone."
"lamar's three turnovers were a difference of at least 17 points, can't really be anyone else"
If you don't blame jackson you're blind or a homer. Refs didn't help but at the same time the picks speak for themselves
Lamar Jackson. Awful throws. Poor running when he needed to make plays. Fumbles. All around horrible play.
Lamar had 4 turnovers in this game. Both INTS were rookie passes that an MVP shouldn't be making. The first fumble was a horrible decision to hold on to the ball too long
"It's Lamar. Greg roman made some great adjustments, didn't give up on the run. We dominated the top run defense. lamar made a lot of mistakes that you can't put on anyone else. It wasn't just the turnovers. He consistently made the wrong decision on who to hand the ball to on option plays and missed receivers in bad ways, took a lot of sacks, didn't win 1 on 1's when it mattered the most like that 4th&3 on the second to last drive.

 Penalties didn't help. Some of the ref ball really pissed me off, the judon ejection was weak imo, The clock should have stopped for the injury but it didn't. 27 getting hit with forward progress the second before running out of bounds. All of that stuff is pretty hard to argue imo, you don't even have to reach for the large number of exceedingly ticky tack stuff. But I expect this crap in Ravens Steelers games. Had lots of chances to win despite all that."
Lamar
Lamar Jackson
"Lamar. Will always love him for 2019 and have a ton of special memories associated with him, but this season has been concerning. He has a long way to go..."
"Lamar, can't make that many mistakes against a team like the Steelers."
"Lamar. Even if he can't make the throw, he needs to hang on to the fucking ball."
LAMAR JACKSON. This loss entirely 100% on him
"Love the dude an unhealthy amount, but Lamar cost us the game. Off target most of the day, and the turnovers absolutely killed us. Looked like we could go for the throat up 17-7 and he put them right back in the game, then simply couldn't get it done at the end.

I come away feeling like the better team despite the loss, but now we're 2 games behind and the majority of the blame is on 8 this week"
"It hurts to say, but Lamar Jackson"
Lamar. His 3 costly turnovers completely changed the game.
"Lamar easily. Not even a question. Sub 50% completion percentage, 3, count them 3, almost 4, turnovers, and only 2 tds. Honorary mention to Roman for his pants on head retarded home calling and pass plays so bland that Jason Garrett wouldn't clap at them."
Jackson
Lamar Jackson
I’m so disappointed in lamar jackson. He gave the Steelers 14 points. inexcusable.
"Lamar Jackson. Even if we ignore the fact we could've gotten 3 on two of those turnovers, we still would've been in a much better position by literally punting the ball."
Lamar Jackson x 100
This isn’t remotely debatable. Lamar Jackson handed Pittsburgh 14 points.
Lamar
"Only one answer. Lamar Jackson. He's just not that guy this season. Bottom of the barrel passer so far, awful decision after awful decision"
Lamar had a rough one
"Who can watch this game and actually pretend it was enjoyable? Lamar was shit, OC kept flip flopping on what was working, and the the refs completely fucked us repeatedly."
Lamar Fucking Jackson.
Lamar
"Lamar Jackson.

7 weeks in and he still looks astonishingly mediocre."
Lamar
Lamar Jackson.
Lamar jackson
Lamar
Lamar
Lamar Jackson.
This loss is 100% on Lamar. For the first 3 quarters he was the Steelers best offenss
"Could go a few ways, but I’d say Lamar is the biggest reason we lost"
I'm happy the majority of us can call Lamar out when he plays like shit. I remember when Joe played like shit and a significant portion of the fan base excused it for years.
"Refs. They don't even try to hide it. They defied the injury timeout rule at the end of the game too.

Dishonorable mention to Lamar"
Lamar and Coaches
"**LAMAR JACKSON.** 

Had 4 turnovers and 3 of them cost us 14 points because it went to Pittsburgh and another 3 when we were in FG range."
"Lamar, he handed this game to the steelers"
#LAMAR JACKSON
It’s Lamar. His ball security looks like his rookie year. Dudes still shook from KC or something.
LAMAR. Giving the team 14 points is just bad. Its one thing to turn the ball over;  its another to turn it when deep in your own territory
Lamar Jackson
OSU fan here (Steelers too admittedly). J.K looked great and I hope he sees some more handle time. That man can ball.
"Clearly it's Lamar. Without those turnovers, we have a 2 TD lead going into half. And then the turnover to start off the second half is officially what brought them back in. Seemed to play well under pressure late, which is good as that's a part of his game that has been in question, but it wasn't enough to negate everything he had done earlier."
"Lamar all the way.  


Look, I like the guy but, there's no excuse for his play today. I hope this loss is the one that eats away at him; the one that he takes so damn personal that his game starts to improve over the remaining games."
#Lamar
**lamar jackson**
Lamar
"Lamar, inconsistent, turnover prone and led this team to a loss that we easily could have won."
Lamar lost us this game. Wtf man. Wtf.
Lamar “4 Turnovers” Jackson
Lamar Jackson. Him playing poorly against actual competition is becoming a trend.
Lamar Jackson and to anyone who thinks otherwise then you’re a stan.
LaMar. Too many turnovers and easy completions missed.
Lamar Jackson. Hate to say it.
Lamar. Took at least 3 away and gave thrm 14
"Blame of the game:

&#x200B;

Offensive line- after Stanley and Phillips went out it just sucked.  Fluker isn't cutting it at LT all the time.  


Lamar- he played like ass. trying to do hero ball too much. directly responsible for 14 enemy points.

&#x200B;

Offensie coordinator-  at times in the game the offenisve playcalling was trash. What is all this throw over the middle when they were clogging it up? Why never go deep to people like Proche and/or Duvernay? Qb draw on 4th/4? just why"
Lamar and it’s not even close
Lamar
Can’t be anyone but Lamar. You can’t turn the ball over three times in this matchup. Unacceptable
Lamar
Lamar blew this one badly
 lamar gifted them 14 points inexcusable
"Lamar Jackson, what a putrid game"
LAMAR JACKSON
**Lamar and penalties**
"Ton of games were Lamar gets hate but didn’t deserve it. This one definitely deserves, can’t turn the ball over that many times and still win"
"I've said for weeks that this offense has looked off and Lamar's mistakes wouldn't hold up against a solid team.

Well, there we have it."
"Lamar. Worst game he's had.

Close second is Roman for his playcalling"
Easy Lamar. I love the fucker but it was his fault today. Too many turnovers. Refs too but we usually can battle through some of that bs.
Refs!!!! So many bullshit PI calls not to mention the last play of the game and not adding time back on the clock
Greg Roman deciding to run Lamar on 4th down when the ENTIRE world knew that was coming.
"Here’s an interesting take.

Bonds.

Did some fan put on a jersey and helmet? Who the fuck is this guy?"
"Lamar first but Roman and Harbs deserve some blame.

Roman because he kept trying to set up the run with the pass leading to some awful ints that gave the Steelers so many points.

Harbs because this is the second game in a row with 100+ penalty yards and it’s far from the only game where penalties killed us.

Lamar as everyone is saying should get the main blame, those ints were brutal and there were a few other near-ints or just straight terrible throws that it’s a miracle weren’t picked, but the playcalling hasn’t been doing him any favors. We are run-first team - all the success this season has come from running the ball - why are we so committed to weird pass plays when it’s not needed, especially on a bad weather day? Idk what’s going on with Lamar passing wise - his wrs were all on today - but he’s gotta get it together with the turnovers.

This team needs a gutcheck. The season is far from over but the division crown is seemingly out of reach now. There is no reason this team can’t succeed on offense running the ball like last year, they just keep getting in their own way at the worst times."
"
Blame Lamar Jackson

Lamar Jackson once again trying to do too much too often. 4 and 3? RBs avg 6.5 YPC? He tries to run and gets stuffed. End of the game throws into triple coverage when he could use his legs, scramble and buy some time for his receivers to get open. This one is all on Lamar.

Defense played exceptionally well but my God. 90 yards in penalties? I understand Steelers rivalry is real but control your fucking tempers out there in a crucial game like this. Caught the L and lost Stanley for the season. Couldn't be worse than this. So only going up from here?

Blame Lamar Jackson"
Lamar I love you. But you had a bad game. It’s Lamar
"Jackson.

No matter what your opinion of the refs, you can't perform at this level and get away with it. We deserved to lose."
"Penalties/Refs/Lack of Discipline

I don’t care if you break 450 yards, if you give up over 100 in penalties you are asking for a L"
I'd say Lamar. He just need to play better flat out. But G-Ro is a close second. We need to start scheming our receivers open.
Lamar can't win big games. Lamar can't throw outside the numbers. Lamar can't win in must pass situations. Prove me wrong
"Referees.  
  
Steelers offensive game plan was to throw deep and hope for PIs. Humph and MP were disciplined, did their jobs, and were punished repeatedly. Outside of that, the Steelers offense couldn’t get anything going aside from the short field TDs.  
  
The Skura phantom hold on Lamar’s TD extended a drive that should’ve been over.  
  
The ref’s flop on the Judon altercation was fucking laughable. He knew what he was doing.    
  
Not gonna knock the Hollywood call, it was close and challenging it was a waste of a time-out that we desperately needed.  
  
And almost no penalties on the other side of the ball. Did they get flagged at all in the second half?  
  
I know it’s cliche to bitch about refs after a tough loss, but the Steelers probably don’t score more than 14 if those horrendous phantom PIs aren’t there. Was offensive playcalling bad? Yup. Was Lamar great? No way. Did the Steelers ball out on defense? Sort of sometimes, I guess. But at the of the day, the defense played so much better than the scoreboard says, and the refs swung it with those godawful PI calls.  
  
Here’s hoping we never see this officiating crew again."
Lamar gifted the Steelers points and the refs fucked us every chance they could
"I hate to do this, but Lamar threw 2 picks that resulted in 14 points. Have to put it on Lamar. Shout out to the refs for soft ass officiating and fucking us out of time at the end of the game."
Lamar definitely regressed this year.  Hard to see why anyone can still be in denial.  Some throws he makes simply makes you scratch you head.  He could have had at least 2 or 3 more picks today.
If we can’t trust Lamar to throw when the game is on the line then what’s the point of having him. It’s obvious he hasn’t improved at all and I don’t want another big contract Flacco situation. They need to seriously evaluate if Lamar is the future
REFS Steelers WRs get to commit OPI constantly and they just call it on our DBs
"Refs were pretty crappy, but Lamar played pretty poorly"
"Lamar ""Choke in Big Games"" Jackson"
Y’all are on crack the refs def changed the game just as much as Lamar probably more
"Lamar is making some fucking stupid ass rookie looking mistakes man. Every week I see him and he kind of plays with this weird lackadaisical attitude like very mellow and chill. The problem is, it bites him in the ass and he turns the ball over. Both picks were so fucking stupid. Same with last year when we played them. It’s frustrating because we obviously can’t replace him at Quarterback, but it’s like what do we do to fix it? 

Roman had good playcalls for the most part u til we got into the redzone, im not sure why we *again* abandoned the run there. Ugh whag a frustrating loss."
#Lamar & Roman
"Lamar, coaching. We aren't as good as we think we are we constantly beat ourselves"
Lamar and penalties. Thats it
ME
Is pains me to say Lamar and dog shit officiating
Penalties.
[deleted]
"GREG ROMAN LIKE ALWAYS. Abandons the run when its working and forces Lamar to throw. He is the biggest issue with every single one of our loses. Kick his ass to the curb. We have so much skill and talent and he wastes it. Lamar is without fault, but if we ran it way more than we did we would have won."
Greg Fucking Roman
I get super annoyed with harbaugh lately not gonna lie.
Refs
"Lamar did enough to lose the game. 

He also did enough to win it."
"Lamar for turnovers

Refs for stupid penalties and officiating

And Greg for not running the ball"
Refs and Lamar
Obviously we needed to get that 4th and 3rd I would think that would ice the game for us but terrible calling a straight up Lamar run... bruh dobbins and Gus were eating all game they could have easily got 3 yards. Roman needs to go tonight. Lamar having basically 4 TOs is inexcusable
"Obviously Lamar. But Harbaugh gets some blame for some terrible clock management. On our second to last drive we made no attempt to run our third and fourth down plays before the 2 minute warning. If we could have had that, we would have had an extra minute on our final drive. 

1st down: Timeout 
2nd down: timeout
3rd down: two minute warning
4th down the pint starts with the clock stopped and we get the ball back with almost two minutes left.


And that injury timeout, did he even fight for extra time???"
"Lamar threw some dogshit balls 
Skura couldn’t block a blind paraplegic 
The officials gave more free blowjobs today then Kevin Spacey"
"Lamar mostly, but these refs were complete dogshit. 

The PI's, ejecting Judon, hold on Skura, not calling defenseless receiver on Snead, not adding time. 

 Like that was replacement ref level of incompetence"
Lamar and Roman.
"**Lamar**


**Refs**


Flipping either one of them individually would've probably resulted in a win."
Definitely Lamar but I'd love to see All 22 or something like that to understand what happened where Hollywood only got 2 targets
Refs/coaches/Lamar
Lamar with an honorable mention to the tax break of a referee that decided not to put time on the clock because he wanted to go home
Lamar
Lamar sadly
Lamar was ass but we’d be having the same conversation about Ben if the game was Reffed even half fairly
"Fair to say it’s Lamar Jackson and sprinkle in some Greg Roman. Hopefully we can chalk this up to Lamar having a bad game and the momentum at the end carries over into next week. I’d love him to make more throws like the one to Snead at the end of the game that he caught. We really need some better schemes for our receivers. Getting Dez on the field will hopefully help. On the plus side, our rushing attack was amazing, Dobbins looks fantastic, Gus is still a Bus and the rest of the team is coming along nicely. Just if our offense could have scored or not turned the ball over as much it would have energized our defense more. Those PI calls were bulls hit tho"
Lamar. Hate it.
"Lamar Jackson.

Refs."
Lamar
"Lamar and the ref ball. 

Lamar is #1 but the ref ball seriously needs to be called out for its blatant favoritism today. Why was Judon ejected? He was clearly getting people off him and the ref was far too close to him, you are supposed to as a ref step back when a team is handeling thier own, not stirring the pot. The refusal to add more time to the clock, that's on the refs. No penalty on a clear defenseless hit on a reciever while calling PI over normal stuff players do all the time that are standard ""No Calls""."
REFEREES
We live and die by Lamar. He's our guy. And today we died more than we lived.
LamaRG3. We are now in 2013 RG3 territory. Last year was 2012 RG3 on steroids
Lol Lamar is my favorite player on Pittsburgh 😂
"Not related, but... I LOVE PATRICK QUEEN. Absolute stud. He gives his heart and soul every single Sunday. Look at this game, all the critical run stops and whatnot, he was there. The ferocity and passion he plays with. Never gives up and THAT SPEED he hits with. In my mind Patrick Queen is the epitome of a Raven."
"This is the first game of the season where i felt like Greg Roman has worn out his welcome. That 4th and 3 call was predictable and I called it in the game thread. If I knew it, obviously the Steelers did too. That was a terrible play call.

Lamar cost us the game too, even though he pulled us back in it...but you can't overcome 2 turnovers that led to TDs. If that doesn't happen, we win the game."
Lamar
"Lamar, easy"
Lamar for sure. He's got to get better protection in the pocket. I believe that no quarterback is good wo an offensive line.
Greg Roman
Lamar Jackson and it's not even close. If someone tries to put this on Roman or anyone else they're out of their mind.
"Lamar was just not cutting it today, our rbs were making plays, it was just ass after our 2 olinemen got injured.  For the d, those over agressive man covers often times bite us in the ass with those damn penalties.  Lamar lost us this one though with those 2 ridiculous ints.  Sigh."
"its Lamar. 

even if its unfair to pin it totally on him, its him."
"Lamar. Those two interceptions cost us. 

Also... why go for a qb run on that last 4th and 3rd. Our running backs were averaging over 10 yards a carry on that last drive. Just a bad play call hand it off, dont try to be a hero Jackson."
"**Lamar Jackson**

Bad decisions when they hurt us the most. Can’t get down to the red zone only to give it away.

But the whole fucking team played sloppier than a shit sandwich down a flume ride."
Gotta be lamar and his decision making. Or me cuz I posted my newborn to the sub at half then we lost.
Lamar
Lamar
"Lamar

Turn overs were costly but I have faith in him he’s a good guy and I know he will put in extra work 

Dobbins/gus did great on the other hand"
**Lamar Jackson/Brad Allen's crew**
"Greg Roman gets my vote, his scheme has run its course similar to the 49ers."
LAMAR JACKSON
"Clearly on **Lamar**.  I like Lamar a lot and I hope he gets it together.  He's being hard headed and not playing his game.  Keeps trying to prove something he doesn't have to prove.  That said, it's a lot more fun to watch the Lamar run Ravens than the Flacco run Ravens."
"REFS, ROMAN, AND LAMAR"
Greg Roman
Refs can lick the shit from my asscheeks
Referees for sure. Lamar was the best offensive player of the game.
John Harbaugh is soft.  Brian Billick would have this team 7-0.
"Lamar Jackson. 

Nobody Cares. Work Harder and win an important game in 2020!"
"I can’t believe no one has said this yet, but Lamar Jackson."
Lamar. Played like a fucking trash can. Watching justin herbert chuck it rn is deflating
Every single person in here saying Lamar yet we still win that game even with his horrible play if it isn’t for the 100 yards of garbage one sided officiating and high school play calling.
[removed]
Matt Judon.
Refs
Honourable mention to Matthew Fucking Judon.
"I'm honestly going with Harbaugh...
Hear me out, if we had kicked the field goal at 4th and 3 and everything else stayed the same after that we would have won. We were in field goal range with 8 seconds to go at the end. 
We have a struggling offense, a literal cheat code kicker, and a very high level offense. Get the score within a field goal in a 4th &3 with that much time left. It was bad decision making from him"
*Greg Roman*
Lamar is ass
"Refs,
 lamar jackson honorable mention"
Greg Roman
Greg Roman. Then the Refs.
Judon for hitting a ref and making them fuck us over for the rest of the game.
**Refs**
"Penalties.

Lamar didn't let his mistakes shake him which I'd say kept us in there"
"I see a lot of Lamar in here and while he didn’t play well, the refs really ruined the game by making ridiculous calls"
Refs
Refs. Most blatant collusion I've ever seen in a game
Greg Roman for abandoning the run then remembering we could run then choosing that ridiculous 4th and 3 call
Lamar Jackson deserves a mention but.... GREGG ROMAN. WITH THE MOST PREDICTABLE 4th and 3 IVE EVER SEEN
Lamar Jackson is a hoe that struts on himself. That is all.
"I'm going with turnovers, penalties, and losing two offensive lineman in the first quarter. A few of the PIs I thought were questionable. A few more seconds in the clock at the end I didn't were deserved which would have given one more play.

On a positive note, I was happy to see the run game return with Dobbins, Edwards and Snead. There was a pretty decent day for the wrs. Defense played great. Can't say anything bad there other than penalties.

Overall, with the exception of dumb mistakes, it was a very positive game. A lot of good things happened today."
Unpopular opinion; yea Lamar was brutal but I think penalties in the second half did us in even more. We just CANNOT give the Steelers over 100 yards for free. Pathetic
Refs
Lamar with some assists by the refs and G-ro calling empty set on fourth and 3
Lamar and the refs
Refs 👀
"This sub. I've never seen such a disgraceful display from our fans. We lost by one score and probably should have been blown out yet the game thread was complete cancer.

EDIT: I miss when this sub wasn't a bunch of bandwagoners and fairweather fans. This place has become so shameful. R.I.P. /r/ravens"
[deleted]
"Harbaugh!

That effing moron always goes for it in 4th down and blows the game. With A FG you are down by 1, they got the ball back and were in FG range at the end. He always does this in important games. Jack ass"
""
Hey man we don’t do this to opponents subs. Show some respect
Have fun with the ban
Your broke your subreddit's rule #10.
[deleted]
They were awful all game but Lamar can’t play this terrible.
Nah. Bad decision by qb1
I thought it was tbh but its close
we get blatantly fucked by refs on a regular basis. nothing new. we gave the game away with too many mistakes and turnovers.
"Can somebody smarter than me, Romo, and Nance apparently explain to me why didn’t get more time on the clock at the end of the game?"
"because these refs are jokes, outstanding matchup and good game ruined by ref ball"
Refs were pissed about Judon.
"I'm waiting on the NFL officiating twitter answer this question.

Maybe we should spam them."
[removed]
Bro show some respect
Enjoy ban lol
Smd hoe
Chill out guy
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
They don't call PI in those situations.  Pretty much ever.
Bad take. That’s a Hail Mary basically and everyone is playing the ball.
Boykin was open
Not PI lol. Triple coverage and Minka went for it at same time as snead
"Bruh, if you throw into triple coverage on the last play of the game and the guys bump into each other while their heads are turned for the ball, you don't get to cheese a 1st and goal at the 1 out of it."
Wasn’t PI but was Helmet to helmet.  Also was a dumb throw he was triple covered so someone was open.
Lamar should’ve waited for someone to get more open or scrambled around a bit. That throw was just into too tight of a window there were like 4 people fighting for it
Should we call the waaahmbulance?
Another game courtesy of referees wanting the spotlight
Peters got away with plenty of shit
"You simply can't turn the ball over as much as we did on offense today.

I don't know what we need to do to get him to protect the ball more on offense but something needs to change."
Ingrams injury solved one problem for us today at least we aren't rotating RBs as much.
"Agreed, first loss that can be 100% attributed to Lamar. However, definitely not even considering jumping ship on him."
"I don't understand why Lamar is making so many god awful decisions in regard to throwing the ball. In the past three games, he's had at least 5 or 6 interceptions dropped. Last year, it felt like most of his picks were tip balls off of our receivers hands. These throws are mind boggling given how he played last year."
"I’m not even angry, I just don’t understand how an MVP regresses so quickly man...Wrong reads, terrible ball control, what happened....."
"Honestly I’m not too discouraged by the loss. Lamar played bad for his standards and the turnovers killed us, but losing two offensive lineman and Judon and being in it until the very last play (we should’ve had one more but I digress). It sucks to lose to the Steelers but I honestly don’t think they’re the better team right now. I think we beat ourselves"
He just hasn't been very good this year. Turnovers today killed us. You can't turn the ball over and gift them free points and expect to win
"As much as I hate to say it, this one’s on him. The fact that the interceptions were near our endzone makes it worse, they decided the game"
"I think it's a combination of scheme before talent, a diminished surrounding cast, and Lamar getting inside his own head.

First point is something pretty much everyone here has been harping on for weeks: Roman's calling the offense based on his system, not based on the talent we have. Looking at the adjustments we made and the run-heavy diet we adapted to for most of the game, I think we might finally be turning the corner on this one.

Second one is an offense in a transition of sorts. Ingram doesn't have the same juice he did last year, and while Dobbins is finally getting the opportunity to prove he's a lead back - on top of Gus excelling as RB2 - it's taken until now for us to move on from Ingram and get this transition sorted out. OL is in transition too, between Yanda retiring and Skura working back from his ACL, basically the entire interior is a work-in-progress. With Ronnie out for the year, the exterior is one, too. TEs are working on replacing Hurst's production(Andrews was and still is the lead but a good #2 is an important piece at any position), and basically all of our WRs except for Snead are projects in-progress, and the only reason Snead isn't is because he's 28 and we know what he is at the NFL level at this point. We've got a lot of growing pains right now, but I think in 2021 when we've got Yanda's replacement more experienced and more developed, Ronnie and Skura at full 100%, and hopefully a WR or two emerging, this offense will be far more dynamic.

Third is, being blunt, Lamar playing hero ball. He's not stupid, he knows what's going on. He knows he's got a patchwork line protecting him, he knows he's got one, maybe two guys who can make plays at WR, and he knows Andrews is getting smothered on every single play. So just like at Louisville where he had to make up for being one of only two Cardinals with NFL-level talent playing against half of a first-round draft class at Clemson or FSU, he's putting it all on his shoulders, but while you can get away with that in the ACC if you're talented enough, you can't get away with it in the NFL. Rushing a throw to the first clean purple jersey instead of spotting the linebacker sitting in coverage about to grab a pick six. Trying to float a ball into a nickel-sized window between two defenders. Staying too long in the pocket instead of either bolting like he would last year, or just chucking it out of bounds and living to see the next down, whether that's a punt to let our defense do its magic, a kick to let Tucker do his magic, or another shot on second or third down. Last year he was relaxed and taking the opportunities that came, this year I think he feels a ton of pressure as the reigning MVP to be the best QB in the league, be perfect on every throw, and almost singlehandedly win a Superbowl in year three. That's not how it works though, every game of football is a team effort. Even guys like Rodgers, Mahomes, and Brady don't do it all themselves. The quarterback is the most important piece, but he still has to know he's only one of eleven guys and trust the other ten to do their job. I think this is one he'll grow out of; he's 23 years old, and I remember I'd do similar things when I was that age in any sort of team game where I felt like I was the guy who had to carry us to a win. You overextend, you abandon your assignment, you try to make plays you can't, you do things you shouldn't because you feel like it's all on you to win the game, and if you don't you'll lose and let everyone down. If I felt that in pickup games and rec leagues, I don't doubt for a second Lamar feels it in a pro league with millions on the line, millions watching him, playing in the most intense rivalry in football. 

Moments like this are where we all get a painful reminder that Lamar's still a 23-year old kid who hasn't even started 32 games. He's still growing and learning, and on the one hand that means that he's not even close to his ceiling, but it also means there are going to be growing pains and mistakes you have to learn from, especially with the other two problems going on."
I love Lamar Jackson deep in my plums but he does not protect the football.
"Jesus some ""fans"" we have. He wasn't his best today but we've sat through far worse QB play, and come on 10 fucking penalties, the defense takes 0% of the blame for that? Shit game all round and still came to the last play. On to the next one."
Seems almost taboo to blame Lamar for anything on here.
"Remember when we fired Cam and Joe got more control over play calling and had the single best stretch in his career? 

I feel like OCs sometimes don't properly feel the flow of the game and just stick to the plan no matter what. I like Romans run scheme but that's about it. We need a better play caller IMO."
"Yes. For everyone who has bitched about Lamar all year, this is what a bad performance actually looks like. Just the complete disregard for ball security was mind boggling."
"I'm so mad at him. Yes it's probably irrational due to Steelers week and a lack of sleep, yes I know it's only a game and I know he's our guy. But come on Lamar, how do you regress so badly in terms of decision making and passing mechanics?"
"I think 4th and 2 and not having a RB in the back field was a mistake. Bus and Dobbins were hot on the drive, I thought the ball should have went in one of their hands on 4th."
We need to take the ball out of his hands more.  He threw a good amount of dimes but had a lot of dumb mistakes that hurt a lot.  We need to be more conservative and eat clock to let the defense get rest.  Our offense isn’t getting back to what it was last year but our defense has made another jump.  Let the defense do the bulk of the work.
"He's trying to do too much this year. A few times he could have dumped off to a checkdown or tucked and run but is looking for more. His mechanics seem off, whats up with all the side arming? He lacks touch still on a lot of throws. He'll need to improve all these things to be the real deal. 

Our line is not as good as last year and now also banged up, so some of the lanes he had last year are not there. He's still had a few dynamic run plays including one that was called back today, but for the most part he has been more bottled up running.

He'll get it figured out. He's a hard working guy."
We completely lost that game we gave Lamar gave them 14 points and completely changed the momentum. Lamar played bad but losing 2 OL men hurts. I don’t think Pittsburgh is the better team. We need to clean it up offensively and bounce back
he’s one of the best in the league at protecting the ball. he had a bad game. y’all have to CHILL.
Not just LJ8. We are playing against ourselves with these penalties. In key games this has been a factor since the Titans Playoff game.
"we ended the first half with a meticulous drive where we made several safe, positive gains, including an awesome run from dobbins. we kick a field goal to get ourselves a solid lead. and then we recieve in the 3rd quarter and just throw all that out the window. 

lamar made some serious mistakes but the playcalling was downright bizarre."
"That's not fair.  Yes, he made some mistakes but the O line is in trouble.  We lost 2 starters and he was get hurried a ton.  Had we not lost two starters.

Probably would have been a win if we had Judon, Stanley, and T Phillips...."
"It was on Lamar but Lamar's regression as a player this year is largely due to play calling, terrible routes and failure to take that next step in this offense by pretty much anyone involved in the passing game.  Boykin should be better,  Hollywood should be better, duvarney should be used more.

I guarantee EDC is not looking at the failures of this offense as a personnel or a Lamar thing."
"No, I admit Lamar helped with that loss but that was a lot to do with the refs, no doubt."
Aye don't forget about the refs 90% lamar 10%Incompetent refs who should get fired
"Hell of an athlete, but just can't win big games."
How about 100% on the whole offense? Lamar needs to take care of the ball but it’s not like anyone is ever open.
"a regress after an amazing year isn't unheard of, it happens all the time. the loss was mostly on him today, but hopefully this just motivates him and the team to get better. 

super bowl champs never peak mid season."
I'm heartbroken
No cap that Qb draw on 4 an 3 was a horrible play call
Yeah def on lamar with two picks but also on coach for calling that dumb qb draw
"i stopped watching and at the end of the second and came back at the 4th. i was shocked. the refs not adding time after that steeler injury hurt, but our OL needs work. i live in steeler/eagle country, so it’s gonna be rough for me tomorrow"
"i am in no way jumping ship though. was a tough loss, but we will improve and overcome. i see some “fans” saying we should bench lamar or are no longer ravens fans. sometimes you have a bad day as a team."
"There’s a lot of factors, Lamar was major ass today sometimes he tries to do too much, our o line was horrible losing Stanley for the year hurts and losing Yanda in the offseason was rough play calling was ass"
Teams will sell out to stop the run and pressure Lamar. No pass blocking and stopping the one makes us one dimensional because of lack of weapons.
The only reason the game was competitive is Lamar.
I mean 9 penalties for 110 yards doesn't take any of the blame????
"Jackson can't throw more than 5 yds at a time, its a serious problem."
We can't keep making excuses. This is the NFL. If you don't adjust you'll lose.
This one is on Lamar but the play calling was terrible. Let Lamar run more and open up the passing lanes.
"I'm going to slightly disagree and say this was 95% Lamar and 5% Roman. When your QB isn't gaining any traction in the first half with passes and you're all of a sudden near 200 rushing yards in the first half, you don't come out trying to pass the ball. 

Both of your star RB's are averaging over 5 yards a run. Literally gaining a first down every two plays on average. On the 4th and 4 in the red zone, I have no idea why Roman called a designed QB run. Lamar was playing terribly and you had a running game that was destroying the Steelers. Why not trust the guys who are hot vs your QB who is having the worst game of his career? 

That's why I say 5% to Roman. Lamar played terribly and should have made smarter plays, but Roman could have called that second half better and we could have walked away from that game 14+ points over them."
"Disagree. I will say majority of it falls on his shoulders, but conditions were bad, and officiating was brutal. Not to mention the play calling in crunch time. We also lost an all pro tackle against the best pass rush in the nfl. I do think Lamar needs to be better but he also needs help."
"Steelers fan here lurking. I think you're right, you guys lost on turnovers. The pick 6 alone was enough to crucify him."
There were some bad penalties by our offense too.
"I agree, he made too many bad decisions that gave up too many turn overs. Literally had he cut his turnovers in half we'd have won."
Did you all not watch our O line just be swiss cheese. He was forced out of the pocket on every pass attempt...
I don't completely agree. We have a discipline problem too. 9 penalties for 110 yards and 5 1st downs. Terrible terrible terrible.
"I think the problem with last nights game was pretty much everything. Lamar didnt make good decisions, which didnt help with a leaky O line, injuries, ejection, play choices - very little went right. We put it behind us and move on."
They need to coach his ass up some of the stuff you can live with like holding the ball and pumping it waiting for guys to get open but he is getting LOOSE with the football and that's a killer.
So I guess people gave up on flacco after 2 years???
"People finally see that Lamar's passing has regressed. They were quick to blame the receivers for ""not getting open"". The reality is, the ball continues to be thrown wildly and inconsistently by Lamar. That interception that Joe Haden couldn't pull in was thrown BEHIND Myles Boykin. Lamar is so inaccurate."
"I honestly don't get this thread.  Did everyone expect him to be MVP or best QB in the league every year?  He's had a very good year, and they just lost by 4 pts with a -3 turnover margin against a top team.

Lamar is very good, team will be fine lol.  Gotta hang onto the ball."
"Uhh...does nobody not remember losing two OL in this game? Lamar got sacked what...six times? One of the fumbles he was hit by Dupree as he threw...the other as he tried to reach for a first on 4th down.

The interceptions weren’t great. But let’s not act like the O line did him any favors"
I’d also say coaching has been poor. They’re trying too hard to make this offense something that it’s not and that is really messing with Lamar. Last years offense was simple and efficient. It’s almost like Greg Roman is trying to prove something instead of trying to win games like we did last year. Empty backfield on 4th and Goal with the game on the line? Why!?!?
"I think Lamar gets blame, but the playcalling was also poor. The second INT didn't need to happen. Up by 10 and back near your own end zone with a productive run game... and we force a pass. 4th and short near the goal line? Pittsburgh was so ready for Lamar to keep that ball. And his running has not been as effective as it was last year."
Where's the deep shots? I feel like they are coaching away from his strengths.
"Not 100%. The turnovers did hurt us but he had a touchdown they called back for no real reason, the loss was 50-50 on Lamar and the refs."
"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKJezWMTsk)

&#x200B;

He needs to look outside man. Boykin gets a lot of shit on this sub but damn hes an outside WR jump ball guy that never gets a chance to do what he does best."
"I'm not sure I would give him 100%... The turnovers killed is and Lamar certainly has some send reflection to do there. Remember, the Steelers are not 7-0. They are the highest ranked team in the AFC and have arguably the best defense in the league. Personally, I think the blame is shared with penalties and losing Stanley and Phillips."
"They need to set up shorter passes. They left Lamar in the pocket FAR too long, and he's running for his life. 

You need to get that ball out quick"
No the refs were real bad
"**Lamar had a very bad game.** 

**Judon shouldn't have gotten tossed out.** We would have eaten Ben for lunch he was under constant pressure. 

**Why throw when you're running the ball so effectively** against the #1 run defense?

Also Lamar had a very bad game and just feels skittish. No touch on throws. Unsure when to run. Maybe the election is getting to him. 

Overall we do better as a wild card team. See prev Super Bowl wins. 

**Super Bowl... guaranteed.**"
"sure, he played like shit and we can blame today on him 100% but he also does not have enough weapons to win a SB with. The first fumble in the RZ is a direct result of guys not being able to get open"
"Nearly every QB has a rough 2nd year and this is Lamar's second full year.

He needs to work on some mechanics but I'm not worried. When he gets in the zone he's electric. He'll fix his shit."
You’re going to get some hate for this. But you’re absolutely correct. But have faith — this game doesn’t mean Lamar can’t still improve this season and bring us back up.
"Eh, Greg Roman gets 20-30% of the blame here"
"So nothing to do with penalties? Trying to fight? Passing when we should be running? Nothing to do with how Pitts adjusted their gameplay? Nothing to do with injuries? 

I get what your saying, LJ didn't light em up (except that TD that got pulled back) 

But to say it's 100% on him is a bit silly.
Fuck the Steelers."
"I think Lamar sometimes has the mindset of trying to win the whole game on one single play and that can be a problem. I love that energy of trying to make something out of nothing but I worry sometimes that he expects too much of himself and that can make any player worse. Certainly a problem that only a select few players are even talented enough to face but I think it’s a big problem for him. Relax, play football, and just be what you are instead of trying to be god on the field every play. Sometimes you just gotta throw the ball away and get em next time."
"Game is on Lamar. He played like shit. 

But he did not let his mistakes define the day. He responded after almost every mistake. We should have blown the Steelers out today. 

This will either be a wake up call or it wont. Lamar is not playing as well as he did last year, but he can certainly get the job done. Hopefully next season we have a full offseason. That will def help his rhythm. 

Online and receiving threats. that is the draft. 

Our defense is going to continue to get better. We will win games. 

12-3 as a starter at home. He has only lost a few games in his rather historic career. He is only 23. He will get better. Sky still in sky."
They make a thread for blame of the game you know
I genuinely don’t think Lamar is our future quarterback. After last season he has regressed so much I just can’t see it.
2 weeks to prepare while they’re playing the team that took us out the playoffs last year nd this is what we get???
Do people think bringing back Flacco will help😂. Good gracious. Look at the man's record. He's still a young QB. People act like he's not a Franchise player. How we forgot what we were for 4 yrs before Lamar. Give him time to grow
In alternative universe Ravens are 7-0 with Mahomes
"It was really just bad reads. It’s not like he made terrible throws or anything, he just made very avoidable plays. 

Those two 4th down stops I don’t blame him at all, he pretty much gave them 14 points and shaved off 7 points from us."
"Nah, not 100%. 

Defensive penalties helped steelers score their last TD.

I'm on board with Lamar. He had a shit game.

Also, why open the second half passing when you've been running all over them?

That pic jump started the Squealers, they were beaten until then."
"Lamar was awful, but I’m not worried about him as much as I am about Greg Roman. The empty set king needs a reality check."
"This will get lost in the comments, but the Steelers defense is literally the best in the league. The other team can make plays too."
Let’s just ignore Roman and the refs
"No it's the coaches.  Its just like John Madden football you can have all 100 rated players, but if you have some dickhead who doesn't know what he's doing on the sticks calling stupid plays you're gonna throw interceptions, your gonna lose."
[deleted]
Lamar was 100% why you were even in it
[removed]
"Neither has the O-line and WR.  Losing Yanda has been huge.  With that said Lamar needs to work on touch passes and ball placement.  Its no secret that hes been significantly worse passing this year. 

Also the scheme change from primarily 3 TE to 2 TE, with Ricard who sucks at everything but blocking doesnt help.  The deep shots arnt there, the TE up the seam isnt there.  Today the play calling was a lot better but the ravens should consider adding a third tight end and get back to calling play schematically similar to last season."
Everyone’s been bad since week 1 except Justin tucker and Sam Koch. The defense was impressive today but damn the offense really ruined a dominant game
This is facts!
Can’t do it
Week 2
Week 2.
No point. Hes been bad and people need to stop acting like its everyone else's fault but his.
"I mean he's had flashes and moments where his old op self showed up so he hasn't lost it, he just needs to be more consistent. Part of that is just having more consistency around him with the line and receiving core, part of it is play calling, and part of it is that lamar hasnt been able to make himself consistent. 

I have faith in him and I think he'll figure it out but today was a big yikes."
LamaRG3. Y'all don't want to hear it but he and Roman have been figured out. This offense is ass
We’re 5-2
Fuck
This one hurt - also steeler nation ain’t gonna stfu about this until thanksgiving
"Time to to be more aggressive on the offensive approach. We need a strategic offensive guru not old school Roman. We need to spend big $ on any FA WRs even like Robby Anderson or another 1st because literally our receivers not named Hollywood never take over. Oh and he’s not panning out either. I’m tired of the FO disregarding the pass offense like it’s the 80’s. Something has to fucking chang

Edit:grammatical errors I’m heated"
Alright who's job is it to make the petition to get the refs fired? Fucking bullshit
There is no accountability these refs can change a whole game and nothing happens to them. Look at this game 0 penalties for Pittsburgh but many game changing penalties against the Ravens. Complete bullshit don’t want to watch football anymore.
Bad refs. Shittier Lamar.
Of course
[deleted]
Where were the 8 seconds from that injury timeout?!
Romo confirmed it at the end “I know what he’s talking about but I’m **not going to say it**”
I’ve never seen a worse officiated game.
4 turnovers are why we lost
You not wrong but it’s irrelevant if Lamar plays like a league average QB today
These refs have no accountability look at all the bad calls Judon pass interferences and the bullshit injury it’s fixed. Tired of it.
What about the call that lead to the Ravens first td? Lamar a yard inbounds and flagged which should’ve been a 4th down?
Salty!
[removed]
[removed]
Lmao stay mad
""
Helmet to helmet
Helmet to helmet trying to get a 15 yard penalty to extend the game.
I was wondering that too.
Imagine thinking those refs could actually do their job
A hit to the head.
"Steelers DB has his hands on the ball trying to catch it. If it’s helmet to helmet, who’s it on? Can it only be on the defense?"
""
That was complete horseshit
"Why should they have added time?  When the Ravens got set/spiked the clock stopped. 

Having the injured player behind the play did not slow down the Ravens. 

He certainly was not the reason the Ravens lost."
"An offensive player gets hurt inside 2 minutes and its a 10 second run off but a defensive player can do it, even if it wasn't faking and nothing. Absolute bull call"
If he was laying behind the line of scrimmage and the ball was snapped even in a spike situation it should be a pentalty.  They took away a time out from pittsburgh but never added time.  They should have added a few seconds if they were taking away a pitt time out.
But the clock would go if he didn’t get injured and if anything it gave them time
"Not a penalty because Pitt gets charged a timeout. The argument that the refs are going to make is they didn't notice the injured player until right before Lamar snapped the ball and by rule they only have to put time back on the clock if they noticed the injured player earlier than they did. With everyone sprinting away from the injury, it makes sense. It sucks, but it was the right call."
It's a Thomlin team OF COURSE HE WAS
"If I’m a Mike Vrabel type coach this is now in my repertoire to steal time at ends of games and increase chances of winning.


Utter bullshit by the refs all game."
"Either. Ravens penalized 9/110...bad coaching, bad refs...not why we lost."
00:18
"no penalty because ball was not snapped.

no added time because the timeout was applied when the play was stopped due to injury."
Those fucking refs were too lazy to go back and add more time to the clock when it was clear heyward was injured. Idiots.
"Yeah Lamar didn't play great today and a good chunk of the loss is on him, but Roman's play calling is getting worse and worse and everyone blames the players for these loses, but this game could have been so much different if we did t abandon the run.

Edit: I can't wait for a couple of weeks from now when people start catching on that he's bad. Bring on the downvotes, but until we drop roman we're not making it to the end."
Last drive was looking good and then we.. go five wide on fourth and short????
"Lamar was awful. Like, awful. It’s happened twice this season that he’s been bad. But GR has been calling plays all over the place for weeks. Doesn’t stick to what works, moves to what works too late and then just moves away from it. Can’t handle tough situations either."
"We didn't abandon the run lol. We had over 200 rushing yards, 50 run attempts to 28 passing attempts. You can't just keep running the ball on every play lol."
"He was really Jekyll and Hyde today. Bad, then adjusted, then un-adjusted, then re-adjusted"
agreed
The amount of people who think Lamar is playing fine is unbelievable. 13 completions...13!!! 2 picks and 3 fumbles!!! Tell me how thats on Roman. They ran 48 time and threw 28. Its the execution not the play calling. The defense had the Steelers demoralised until Lamar handed them 14 pts.
Completely agreed
"Silver lining: Dez will start next week because even if he doesn't know playbook, it appears our current receivers dont either.

We thought flacco needed weapons, jfc, we have some festering turds out there"
[removed]
You’re welcome -refs
Go back to r/relationship_advice pussy
"u/UniqueIntroduction, we are sorry we couldn’t garner enough truss to defeat the Steelers boss level  today 

[original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jlufkz/im_a_ravens_fan_living_in_steelers_country_i_have/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)

Hes now broke, has no honor left, is jerseyless, and lost his gf"
[removed]
[deleted]
ASS
ASS ALL AROUND
Lol yinzer virgins are a dangerous breed
[deleted]
Agreed. 27 definitely showed his ass.
Jk and Gus were balling today. I sadly don’t see Ingram on the team next year
Mentioned this in a game thread a few weeks back but anyone else have flashbacks of Ray Rice whenever Dobbins is about to go down and then puts his hand in the dirt to keep his balance and stay up?
113 rushing yards
"💯💯
Way to blow that one though boys 🙄
That Judon ejection was ridiculous 
Hope Stanley isn’t too bad but dudes ankle is toast"
JK = Future
Who’s the dude that has to let his mate take his girlfriend on a date? He must be having a terrible afternoon.
Honestly he deserves it for putting his gf up as an offer
I was thinking the same thing 😂
That dude must really regret making those bets lol.
There is a reason I never bet more than a dinner with a price cap.
