text
""
"For the most part it wont be too bad but against teams like the chiefs,browns,bills we will miss him dearly the NFL is all about who has the most weapons outside of JK are only true weapons are lamar and andrews we hope bateman can be that good, long story short without dobbins are chances to beat the too tier teams is for sure less"
The exact same thing as with him. Gus is every bit as good and can easily be the starter.
"Edwards is a quality RB and i still think we will sign at vet sooner or later. We will be fine, we were the top rushing offense in the league before we had him and will will be again this year."
I have a bad feeling about this game. No great expectations because our O-line hasn't completely gelled. All I care about is coming back with a W because we have KC next in Baltimore on a short week.
""
I SERIOUSLY love this organization. Class acts through and through.
Top two owner in the league. And not two.
"The Ravens’ organization is incredible. I can probably speak for many of my fellow fans when I say thank you for the support during this terrible time for many.

- Saints fan"
Best owner in sports
Good guy Steve at it again!
Psh this guy spends $1 million a month on chicken tenders /s
Bisciotti is one of the best owners. Love the Ravens!
"Great gesture, and much appreciated from a Saints fan living in New Orleans. The Ravens have always been one of my favorite AFC teams, I’ll be pulling for you even more this year. Good luck on the season."
"This is like me donating $1. Not hating, just pointing out facts"
""
"Lmao haters will still say he can’t pass

Edit:post this to r/NFL. They’ll be so confused."
"Really exciting stuff, especially now the receiving corps has been improved. Definitely a good sign of things to come"
That’s a stark reminder of just how good Patrick Mahomes is.
Can someone do an ELI5 for this?
And it proves Flacco is ass
Man. Mahomes is unreal.
[deleted]
Justice has never produced in a game. He doesn’t have it.
I’m a Hill non-believer but I’d love to be proven wrong.
Justice Hill could easily be moved on from for a player another team cut.
"He’s a good scat back, but nothing more than that"
"It's ridiculous to even try to trot this argument out here, the guy has been flat out bad anytime we give him carries. Lets not say the guy is a capable back based entirely on his college production from 3 years ago. You are seriously here trying to give us a prospect evaluation for a guy who's had two full seasons and done squat with it.

I get that you liked him coming out, but this is nonsense lol."
"He's fast. He can catch. I don't think he's shifty, and he doesn't break tackles all that well.

But he has contributed and may have made the cut regardless. This just moots a choice between he and Williams, imo, if the coaches were debating that.

Williams has been quality all of training camp and preseason. He's got quickness and power. He doesn't go down on first contact.  I think he moves ahead of Hill on the depth chart, but Hill otherwise keeps his same role."
he doesnt have it otherwise he would be using these speed and shifty moves to climb up the depth chart
He got one real chance vs the Steelers that one year we rested starters and he played well. Ppl just don’t like him bc his vaccination views lmao and he’s not as talented as Lamar so he doesn’t get a pass for it
"I don't really see RB1 potential but I'd like to give him a shot at the change of pace/3rd down role. I was fairly high on him when we drafted him and he hasn't gotten much of a chance to play meaningful snaps due to the talent ahead of him. Let's see what he can do and if it doesn't work out, there should be a few available FA running backs that can contribute instead."
""
I feel like we have gus and he is the store brand Gus here.
I actually like Gallman a lot and think he would be a nice fit for the RB3 here.
"We need a pass catching back, Gus isn't a fluid receiver."
I love the Wayne Train.
does he go by any nicknames? the Wayne Train?
"Which cuts do you think will return once we send a few guys to IR? I’m feeling McPhee will return and I want Levine, but it may be his time. 

What do you guys think?"
Maybe a hot take but I’m fine to be done with Levine.  I think we’ll need McPhee and Ellis back as rotational pieces so I hope to see them return once we can create some space.
Ellis and McPhee with a maybe on Levine.  We kept 5 safeties so I really do have a question of whether we would bring back Levine to make it 6.
"Ellis, McPhee, Levine Sr."
"I think Ellis will be back, but I don't think we made any real egregiously surprising cuts really. I said long before cut-down day that I thought Levine wasn't making it, he's just too old and we don't use him on D anymore. Being a good vet presense is nice, but it only goes so far when your only use is STs and you aren't even our best STer anymore. Reminds me a lot of the Albert McClellan days, there just comes a time when it's best to move on and we've reached that point with Levine. McPhee is a toss up, could see him back, he's a guy that i think really holds any value to us, so I think we could really get him back anytime we want and if we believe in Ferguson then I don't see it being all that surprising that we will give him a chance now that we have a stronger vet presense in Houston."
"McPhee, Ellis, Levine and Tomlinson."
""
[deleted]
Boyle can't go on the IR list he just passed his physical to be activated off the PUP he would have to re injure himself with a different injury in order to qualify.
All Day to play for 3 games as a Raven confirmed
""
Josh Bynes is interesting
Bronson Kaufusi was still in the league? Wut
I would love to bring Bynes back for lb depth and am absolutely flabbergasted Daniel Brown is still kicking around the league
"John brown is an interesting cut, not that there is room for him on the team"
We had so much hope for Willie Henry.
Who the fuck is Melvin?
I know that nobody wants Skura back but I can see it happening after an injury or two.
Incredible that Melvin has lasted so long
Who tf is Rashaan Melvin?
I would bring Bynes back.
Melvin is still playing?
Holden as the swing tackle.  Maybe he just worked better in our system then for the Colts.
"Barrington Wade might return to our PS, believe he was here for rookie camp."
Tough to see John Brown not having success. Dude was pinned for greatness when he left Baltimore - had a monster first season with Buffalo right as Josh Allen started taking off. Unfortunately bogged down by injuries from then on. Would have been a beast had Baltimore kept Flacco or a similar passing QB as starter. Wish him the best
"I want to discuss this, as looking at previous tape Dobbins is obviously the craftier one. However, Gus is the Bus, who just plows through and makes something out of nothing.

With the state of our o-line, that will probably struggle to create the run routes Dobbins loves, isn't the Bus better suited for what we're working with?

Obviously having both is optimal"
" Gus fits the power running scheme a bit better. But Dobbins allows for more variation in the run game. You can run him inside, outside, on tosses, etc because hes faster and more agile than Gus.

Gus is North/South, part of why he rarely has negative yardage runs."
"I'd say that the fact we were ready to hand over the RB1 position to Dobbins in year 2 over Gus who's been here for 3 seasons says alot about how well our coaches think Dobbins fits in our system. I know we are going to get a lot of these posts to hype up Gus, but we don't need to go overboard like this. Gus is a good RB that will be totally fine in the lead role, Dobbins looked to be a better RB and a better fit last season."
"They were the Yin and Yang of our rush offense. Now, there is only mighty Yang left!"
"I mean I’d say your last sentence sums it up.

It’s a lot of things but it’s less about who’s the “starter” and more about the total amount of talent and how many game changers are on the team. How many offenses have two, probably pro-bowl caliber running backs, *and* a QB that completely changes how teams have to defend against the run? 

The Chiefs’ offense, for example, is fucking bananas because they have weapons on weapons. I don’t know if Dobbins puts us in the same tier, you could probably argue it either way, but losing him still makes us less bananas than we were before on the banana scale of NFL offenses

That being said, Gus been an animal since he’s been here and he’s going to be one of our most important players this year. It sucks losing Dobbins but I’m really glad that we have Gus to be that guy for us"
Dobbins has elite explosion.  Simple as that
Gus is great in his own right but Dobbins' top end speed makes it riskier for opposing defenses to overcommit to Lamar and just rally to anyone else that gets the ball.
No.
"They’re both different flavors of a similar skill set. JK has a shiftiness and great first step (reminiscent of another 27 who shall not be named) and Gus is more of a McGahee type, great vision and first step. The common denominator here is a vision and intelligence. They see things before they happen, the scheme just makes sense to them, and they have their own unique physical gifts to take advantage."
"My highly sophisticated football analysis:

Gus seems nearly automatic for 5+ yards every touch. Pretty much a lock for a first or touchdown in short yardage situations.

Dobbins Is nearly a lock for a few big chunk 15+ yd gains each game. Maybe a touchdown or two just from his shiftiness."
"Not exactly, Gus is a brutal runner and a beast but there’s three major advantages Dobbins has over him.

Gus can catch, but Dobbins was going to be a weapon in the receiving game this season, Dobbins is a superior athlete. Watch Dobbins in Clemson vs. Ohio state in the 2019 CFB.

Touching on that Dobbins possesses top end speed that very very few running backs in this league possess. It alters how the ends and LBs have to approach the run game, Gus & Dobbins are a perfect thunder/lightning duo. 

Third is that Dobbins is shorter & stockier, which makes him more lethal towards the goal line with a lower center of gravity. Gus almost runs standing straight up it seems, and Dobbins is perfect in those goal line zone runs."
"Pedigree means something, it’s not the only thing or everything, and Dobbins has the pedigree.  That probably gives him a small unquantifiable edge over Gus.  It is something that Gus can overcome and the Ravens have to coach it and I’m sure they will and Gus will be amazing this year, running n catching."
Dobbins has more big play potential and is a little better at shaking the 2nd level of a defense. Gus will have a big year though
"I am excited to see what Gus can do with his opportunity.

Gus will help to punish teams using smaller players to crash the read option aka what happens in the playoffs.

I think the receiving ability everyone is harping on is overrated. Teams assign someone to both the rb and lamar on each play. I think the more important thing is creating a passing scheme with wrs and tes that punishes teams for focusing on the run. 

We need to see passing scheme improvement or dump roman by the bye week."
No
You could stick me in at rb in this system and I would be great. Almost anyone can shine
"Antonio Gandy Golden was cut by the WFT

Curtis Weaver cut by the browns 


Wayne Gallman


Idk I just remember being interested in them two during draft time"
Not that I think we need him but I am still a fan of John Brown
"I dont think they will go after them Benardrick Mckinney,dez fitzpatrick,Wayne gallman and marvin Wilson are some interesting ones"
"Gallman would be good add, Jaylen Samuels for a passing catching back, maybe Jordan Howard for depth?"
Deuce McCallister
Will Holden.  He was good when pressed into action as the swing tackle for us.  He got cut from the Colts but I think he can be good again in this system like last time.
"Tyrell Crosby, hopefully"
DeCosta making cap space? We only have one DT on our roster...
David Sills. Very consistent the all pre season. High potential guy.
"I get it. I know the sports media has to create drama to pay the bills.

But man it sure seemed like there were a number of articles making much more big of a deal then anybody should have about of JK simply liking a tweet questioning playing starters in preseason.

I could completely understand if he's frustrated in general. Injuries like that absolutely affect your emotions as much as your physical body.

But I don't buy that he's bitter with Coach or the organization. That is sports media fishing for an article."
It's unfortunate but injuries can happen at any time. JK probably like most of us dealing with a tough situation and just needs time to work through his emotions.
"The whole “don’t play starters in preseason” narrative because of this injury is being blown out of proportion.

This could have happened the first preseason game, the last regular season game, or in the middle of the season. 

It is extremely unfortunate what happened to JK and when it happened but shit like this happens all season to various players. It’s a part and a risk of the game."
"JK Dobbins is going to be pissed in general. No one sees an injury coming and it sucks especially for a guy like him who's been working hard and been hyped about this season. He's talked a lot about working on his pass catching skills to be a full back. 

I believe someone else mentioned that Harbs doesn't even want a preseason, thinks games are superfluous at this point."
He's not pissed he's horny
""
Late AF lol
""
Jesus Christ mahomes
So the takeaway here is that Mahomes is basically Thanos.
I find it hilarious that Baltimore is listed twice and Washington is totally left outta there. 😏😏😏
"I knew Mahomes was amazing, but it’s tough to grasp just **how** amazing he is until you can see it in a graph like this. Big respect"
"I can't believe I'm the first one to say this:

# Not bad for a Running Back"
https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/pfhalf/qb_performance_in_70_expected_passing_situations/
"Now imagine if Lamar had Tyreek Hill, Carlos Hyde, LeSean McCoy, Sammy Watkins and Kelce during those years and played in the AFC West."
That Mahomes guy is pretty good
Username checks out
"A) It's so great to have the 2nd best QB in the league on our team  

b) Lol...Flacco...same as it ever was."
Kind of paints Baker in a new light
Don’t understand how this graphic can be accurate when so many of these QBs weren’t on the team they are listed as being on in 2019 and 2020?
Josh Allen < Lamjack
"For anyone wonder.

EPA:Total expected points added with low leverage plays, according to ESPN Win Probability model, down-weighted.

Pat lead the league 138.1"
"Where did this graph come from? Also, what does it mean for a play to have expected pass %? Like who determines that, and is it based on circumstance or formation?"
What’s pure passing situations?
""
If the Ravens don't sign Lamar Jackson ill..be upset for 21 seconds
""
"Most likely nothing. 

You need cap space through the season to sign injury replacements and maneuver 17 games. 

If it is anything though, I’d imagine an extension for someone like Bozeman or Averett is more likely than trading for another player not yet on the roster."
"https://twitter.com/RavensSalaryCap/status/1433044274178891776?s=19

[McFarland] Been saying since the Spring that they were likely going to need to do a restructure to open up some Cap space & create some cushion. With a number of guys already on IR & several likely headed their later today/tomorrow, it adds more players that have to be accounted for on Cap."
We didn’t have enough cap space to sign a full practice squad.
I think he freed up the cap space to go into the season with some more flexibility. I believe this was one of the last big restructures we could do.
">What does EDC have planned?

Breathing room under the cap."
Having a practice squad. And bringing back some of the vets we cut when we put guys on IR later today.
"According to overthecap, ravens only had 550k of cap space left...so yeah they need extra space for PS and sign players during the year."
I doubt it's for anything specific. maybe resigning Levine and Mcphee. could also just be incase there are other injuries during the year.
EveryDollaCounts 😈😈😈
Re-sign some of the vets we cut and to get some more flexibility headed into the year
Cam Newton :-).. kidding
Leveon bell on vet minimum
First I read this as /r/edc and not Eric DeCosta and was very confused by the pic.
Keep making room for Lamars inevitable monster deal
OP why are your responses locked? I can’t reply to you.
Hear me out... Marlon Mack.
EDC gonna sign Cam Newton to be our slash guy. QB/RB/TE/WR
He's coming back. That's right Barry Sanders will join the Ravens for one more chance at glory.
Always good to have a little dry powder
""
"Tim Brown caught two touchdowns and we still won.  

I think we lost the next 5 or 6, but still a good start.  We knew we were going to suck that year.    Our long term success was started by drafting Ogden over Lawrence Phillips."
"I wanted the CFL to stay so bad and was not pumped about the overpriced NFL coming back after the colts were stolen.  

25 years later, I still love the CFL and still watch it regularly. I highly recommend it. For reference, the Montreal allouettes are the old Baltimore stallions franchise and still have the same ownership (although one of the members passed recently). They kicked some serious CFL ass from inception until about 5 years ago. 

Either way,  I do love the ravens now too. .....but the NFL can absolutely get fucked forever and I will shit on them every.chance.i.get."
Really wished I could have gone to a game at Memorial stadium before they moved to the Bank.
"I was selling shirts, hats, and other souvenirs for a friend outside the stadium. It was great to see the fans flocking to the stadium again.

https://youtu.be/SkY4KUVz3QI?t=1813"
[removed]
Didn't know Amazon sold toilets
Fuck off bot
"https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1433100348642807813

Move makes a lot of sense imo, nice to get a veteran ILB with the Fort injury, can use one of our weekly call-ups on him."
You can never have too many 2012 Super Bowl champions in the building.
"Smart move, definitely not surprising. He knows the defence, he knows the team, he’s a decent enough player to get the job done for us as a back-up (certainly had some great performances in the 14-2 season). Nice one EDC"
Glad to have him back I thought he was decent in his second stint with us.
Wow that is a huge win
Nice move! We should grab david sills too. Just got cut from the giants and was very consistent WR all pre season
"Ravens legend, the Super Bowl Sealer himself!

Love Josh Bynes, one of my all-time favorite Ravens. Loved him in his first stint, wish we would have kept him around, was hyped when we got him back, and devastated once again when we let him go again. I thought it was really cool that in his first and only season with the Bengals, he was one of their team captains which speaks to his awesomeness.

Honestly with LJ out, I hope we promote him to the active roster in place of Welch. With ILBs, we got enough young potential with Leek and Queen and Chris Board provides enough special teams prowess for five players. We need a proper veteran back there to hold it down. Not to mention, Bynes' own special teams prowess"
We lost Warrior sadly! Fucking Seahawks poaching our coached talent again!
Good leadership to teach
" Reliable, smart, physical player against the Run. Had trouble against the pass, and is unable to cover a RB. Basically, he does not help us get Harrison off the field in certain situations (like Fort did). It will be great to have Bynes there to bring on the roster if we need to on any week."
"Man, remember when the practice squad was for developing talent?  Love Bynes but he's been in the league for a decade now."
""
"Not surprising, cb depth is a premium this year. We still have a ton of depth, basically why we key 11 dbs (12 if you count Levine)"
That sucks
"Kinda surprised he fell to them really, thought someone like the Jets or Bears would have claimed him"
"Unfortunately fell victim to the numbers game, keeping 5 safeties is already a lot, there was no chance we'd keep 6. Not surprised he got claimed, he's got ""ace STer"" written all over him."
"Releasing warrior was kind of a head scratcher for me. By mid-season, we're going to be hurting for DB's, as we always do.

But hey, at least we still have Boykins........."
Assholes. The Ravens of the west! Keep poaching our coached talent any chance they get.
"Such bitches, those Seahawks."
They would
Big rip
" Tough loss, good player. Physical and tackles well. He has a bright future."
"I didn't see him playing at S, but he definitely outplayed Westry at CB this preseason. I'm sure the coaches see something more in Westry than my uneducated eyes.."
""
"Good for them, shame about not sneaking on PS but excited they will get a nuce bump in pay"
"I thought McCrary showed enough to be considered as a change-of-pace back instead of Hill, especially when you account for years of control under the rookie contract. It is what it is though. Wish him the best. 

Kind of reminds me of when we cut Taquan Mizzell."
Damn that sucks
"He looked better than I expected, but I'm not too upset by him getting claimed."
Bastards poaching our coached talent. They know if they're coached by the Ravens they are going to be better than who they have.
""
Mostly unrelated - do you guys remember that preseason Smoke Mizzell had with us? I thought we were CRAZY to let him go lol
"Bummer, but he deserves it."
"I'll say this, if Im a UDFA looking for a chance, Im taking my ass to Baltimore. Even Pre-Lamar Ravens have always been a RBs paradise and now with Lamar and the way the offense is set up, its gotta be a RBs heaven to have a system that takes so much pressure off you"
If Ealy and Warrior can make it through that would be great please.
This is not going according to plan. We are getting fleeced!
"Dang, I really liked him. But we can’t keep everyone."
"I already have Humphrey, Jackson, and Hollywood #15. I want a “safe bet” jersey which means a player who will most likely be good and will most likely be around for a while. I’m thinking Queen, Oweh, and Tucker are good options."
Tuckers the safest bet for long term enjoyment. And even after he’s gone it still works as a legend jersey.
Anyone else waiting for a Nike Limited for Humphrey? Going crazy over here!
Just bought my wife a Queen jersey and she LOVES it.
"Stanley maybe? He isn’t going anywhere for a long time. That or a rookie you believe in. I am going to get an Oweh jersey as soon as his # is locked in, given he was my draft crush this year. Kinda curious why he went with 99 over 28 atm"
"I was in the same predicament,,,I was deciding between Oweh and Queen but I went with Bowser instead,,,figured they just resigned him which shows they believe in him for now,,,shows a lot of trust in him for not resigning a few key defensive players these last few seasons ;Judon, Mosley etc,,,For now he should be around for awhile until they possibly trade him in the far future,,,plus I’ve always liked his game since he came outta Houston, name is kinda cool 2 😎"
"Tucker is by far the safest bet to be around a while longer, plus he’s already a legend. Ronnie Stanley or Andrews after that, way more so than Queen and Oweh"
Andrews I think.  I love Tucker but not a fan of kicker jerseys.  The others mentioned are unproven and I don't know if we'll have the cap space to keep them if they do turn out worthy.
"Ricard! Give the FB some love, project Pat is underrated"
Stanley? Franchise LT?
"JK Dobbins, he deserves it! Or Ingram maybe , I really like buying jerseys of just departed players"
"Man I would have gotten that ticket jersey a long time ago, most definitely needed for any Ravens fan imo"
#6
35 Edwards - he's gonna feast
Queen or Owen
Jackson in a different color.
Tucker is the best Kicker ever. Get his Jersey. I can’t see a world where you regret that decision
You can’t go wrong with Tucker
Flacco
Trace McSorely.
"Tucker is the safest bet I can't see him going anywhere.

Oweh's jersey with the 99 goes hard though not gunna lie.

Dobbins is also a good one! I think next year is going to be his year."
[deleted]
"It means we already have too many players to fit on the 53, if we put in a waiver claim we would have to cut someone, and who the hell would that be at this point? The waiver players need to be added before the IR moves. With the IR moves still to come, our roster is going to be functionally 57 or 58 deep already."
"Pretty sure it means they either didn't try to claim any other teams' cuts, or they weren't awarded any players that they tried to claim (i.e. a team higher in the order got them first).

But honestly, given how squeezed our roster is, I didn't really expect us to go after any other team's castoffs. Anyone we put in a claim for would require a cut from the current 53 man roster."
New to following preseason. Does this mean we didn’t actually get Josh Bynes or Jaylon Moore?
Ravens didn’t make any waiver claims.
"Means that they were unsuccessful, which is no surprise since they were picking near the bottom."
""
"This is like, negative context. What's he replying to?"
"Would suggest given the situation that maybe they couldn’t trade down on the pick. As Jeff says, they liked him as a prospect and knew the only way to get him onto the roster was via drafting, but if people weren’t gonna let us trade back, it’s a choice between admitting defeat on a player you want or taking a player you like less at a more suitable draft position (but far enough back in the draft that the pick’s likely a bust anyway). Not convinced everyone would make that choice (I don’t think I would), but clearly EDC & co. thought he was worth it. Only a theory though"
"If you cut a fifth rounder before the season even starts, it was a bad draft selection. I will not entertain any revisionist analysis of that."
"Mason would not have signed with the Ravens if given a choice, but the Ravens would not have missed out on anything if Mason chose not to sign with them."
I'm not sure the first part is a defense of the draft pick.  Even though it's a true statement it merely reinforces why it was a bad pick. It seems odd Mason understood this better than the Ravens.
Was a low pick but still a waste. He honestly never had a chance to make the team
"I don’t see how this tweet explains the pick at all. 

I don’t know how people feel about this, but I raised the alarm about some of EDC’s decisions a while ago, but at that point people weren’t willing to question him at all.

I feel that more people are seeing what I’m talking about: EDC is clearly deviating from the Ozzie path, pretending it’s a clean and seamless transition isn’t true.

He’s making calls that Ozzie wouldn’t have, whether that turns out to be good or bad, we’ll see."
"Been watching him for years, this guy balls out and can fit anywhere, literally a exact replica of project pat maybe even more versatile and a guy that fits the Ravens mold very well which unfortunate fits the pats mold"
"Did he have the athleticism, skill, and record to dictate his own terms? The answer is no. Also, why would any team want a late round (at best) rookie as their starting fullback? That all sounds like a bunch of shit talk from Mason and unfortunately the Ravens office fell for it."
"The Mason pick wasn’t bad.  The Ravens love the power game.  With the new rules covering the practice squad, the ravens were loading the stables.  I don’t think Mason bought in. Mason wanted immediate impact.  For a fullback careers are short, had he thought about longevity rather than glory he would had understood.  Now- he signed with Bill and the pats; if he doesn’t play well in that sand box, he is gone."
" Just a weird situation that he ended up in NE. Seems fishy to me. ""Hey, Ben, can you show us what they were teaching you on this play?"""
""
Was he playing against Miami?
"The funny thing is, I watched that game live, and the receivers were so awful, they dropped even more should be touchdowns. It's truly amazing to watch what Lamar did to even great programs essentially by himself. The game at Clemson in 2016 against Deshaun Watson was amazing and it's very clear Lamar was the best player on the field. Watch his college tape if you have a the time, it's very obvious how under utilized his passing ability is in the NFL."
Oh but he can't pass! The morons are still at it.
Lamar is a generational talent
"As a Louisville fan and a Ravens fan living in Kentucky, these were the amazing days for us."
"Was there. Felt like by the end of the first quarter the whole crowd realized, oh shit, we might be onto something here with this guy."
🤣🤣 E Z moneyy
Was at this game shit was incredible how great he looked. Watching him at Louisville was some of the most fun I’ve ever had watching sports
And he played better the next week. Scoring on his first three touches.
Maddening
One picture that perfectly shows why I hate and don’t watch college football.
IN A CAVE!
""
Andre Smith isn’t even worth the PS.  I would rather have Sarrell or someone else like Will Holden who was cut.
Heard somehting about Josh Bynes coming in too?
Wonder whats going on with McPhee
"No McPhee, no Warrior?"
"I totally forgot about Blake Gallagher, I remember when all the hype out of camp invites was centered on him. Don't think I heard his name since, interesting that he still ended up on the PS."
"Let's go, Victor and Moore were the two receivers I wanted to make it to our practice squad. They'd both be good enough to make our roster almost any other year imo. It's too bad Warrior and McCrary got poached though :("
""
"What an absolutely great practice squad. I am ecstatic rn. To get Ealy, McSorley, Ellis, Chris Smith, Richards, Victor, Moore, Verity, and Josh Bynes (oddly not shown here) on the PS is huge. Warrior and Nate on the Ps would have been great, but this is a huge win regardless."
"Quite pleased with the state of the PS. Warrior got picked up and same with McCary but I'm glad that Ealy slipped through.

With Bynes joining them there's 2 spots left, one has to be RB of sorts for sure and I'm curious what they'll fill the last one with. I'd personally like to see a Dline project (UDFA or young guy) to have around in case they develop into something good.

Also most interesting of note is that Ben Mason isn't on the PS. Thought the Ravens might look to stash him on PS in case Ricard gets hurt but I guess not?"
"Some thoughts...

* ~~I'm not sure why Josh Bynes isn't included on this list. (Was it because that transaction was announced earlier?)~~ Nevermind, Josh Bynes is not listed because the transaction isn't official just yet.

* It's great to see Binjimen Victor, Adrian Ealy and Tony Poljan retained! 

* The most interesting surprise, though, is the lack of Ben Mason. That would be quite the development if he isn't placed on the practice squad.

* With 2 open spots, you have to imagine one of those will go to a running back."
Shocked that Verity wasn’t claimed by anyone. Yea he missed a few kicks the last game but he showed more promise than at least a handful of kickers out there
"Three more spots are open on the practice squad. Wonder if it'll be Bynes, McPhee, and a RB or just Bynes and two RBs."
"I’m glad we were able to keep the 6’4 preseason monster Binjimen Victor, if he adds some more muscle to his frame he could earn a roster spot on a team one day."
Glad we got Ealy through the PS.  Also hate we even kept Smith on the PS he’s terrible.  He gets beat by any inside move and is old as shit.  I like the overall list though.
[deleted]
Where is Pernell McPhee?
wow no Ben Mason? that’s pretty shocking since he’s a 5th round pick and really fits the mold of what the Ravens like in a guy
It's great we get McSorely on the PS in case Lamar torpedoes the QB room with a positive test.
Honestly surprised McSorley and Verity cleared waivers.
[deleted]
Hollywood has number 5 now
The Ravens should retire #9 after Justin Tucker retires.
"\#5? For what? They readily gave it away to Hollywood. As for #73, that is another thing because it is Yanda. That may be in line for retirement if he makes it to the HoF. To me only players that make it to the HoF should be eligible for jersey retirements. In fact, I'd go as far as saying 1st ballot HoFers should."
8
"5 will be used. I imagine only 19/20/52 are to be never worn

e: forgot to add #75 too"
We have had some amazing number 21s throughout the franchise I hope it doesn't ever get retired
19
86…Heeeeaaapppppppp
"Ida is currently moving through the area and there is a confirmed tornado that touched down near Annapolis. This storm has a history of producing multiple tornadoes.

Please follow updates from the Weather Channel and be safe! 💜"
"It tore up a part of west street just outside of downtown. big buildings destroyed, street shut down. power off for the whole area."
""
Protecting Baltimore since 1996
"I always loved him. Very smart, one hundred percent class, and one of the all time greats on the offensive line. I remember the other players made fun of him because he didn't spend all his money on flashy stuff. I hope he's well, and I appreciate him using his legacy this way."
Call Lamar please
This is the first press release I've ever written. I hope you enjoy his PSA
"I remember a discussion shortly after Ogden retired, among coaches and players, about what made him such a great offensive lineman. I expected to hear about his size, quickness, balance, technique, etc. But what they all stressed was how smart he is. You don't think of that on the OL, but there it is."
"Part of the reason why he’s one of the greatest Ravens, bc of how great of a person he is"
At least this one isn't about Lamar
No disrespect but honestly has anyone in history ever done anything because a player or celebrity they don’t know said they should?
[removed]
""
The plot thickens…
"Given the propensity Harbs has for using Coach Speak to say nothing at all in a press conference, ""He can announce his own plans himself"" is roughly equivalent to ""Fuck that bitch"" in this context."
"Lol the answer is no. If he was raved about by other teams we would've seen him claimed. Not sure why there's so many butthurt fans over Ben Mason being cut or a 5th wasted on him. 

Other than Za'Darius we haven't had many 5th rounders turn into something the last few drafts."
Harbaugh is rightfully pissed at Mason!
"He has sign with patriots, fuck him, what a waste pick"
Could have had Brevin Jordan
""
Should've just drafted ar'darius with that pick
"The dude didn't want to be here. And he wasn't getting rave reviews from all accounts. So no big loss, aside from being a wasted 5th-rounder. We got a hell of a roster with players hungry and capable of winning. So let's move forward."
"Based on Harbs' reaction, Mason must've not vibed at ALL with coaching staff for there to be such animosity in his sharp response. 

He definitely didnt want to be here either, so fuck him and the Pats"
"stop drafting Michigan players, they all suck"
[Guess this explains Harbs’ animosity when talking about Mason earlier today.](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1433162477269889026?s=21)
"I thought it was a dumb draft pick at the time, this confirms it"
No matter how you spin it this was a bad pick never should have happened best just to move on and forget it
"Tbh let them have him; I'd rather have a deserving player on that PS slot.

If it means resigning Ricard in the offseason, so be it. I know, I know, Lamar and Andrews' contract. I feel like we can make it work with Project Pat."
Such a wasted pick
"fine, who cares, sick of hearing about this dude"
Dumbass probably didn't want to work as a hybrid TE/FB ala Juice while he waited for his spot at FB. Fuck em
"Brutal pick, might be the worst pick in the DeCosta era for a long time."
Can we stop letting the patriots rebuild with our players pls
"why is everyone insisting mason must have been a low effort piece of shit or something thereof? He didn't do well on the preseason and probably didn't want to try for the PS on a team with an established FB. So he chose the Pats. It was a low risk, low value draft pick. Y'all out here acting like he was a first round pick that ran off and dragged his dick across the coaches faces before he left.  It ain't that serious"
"What the actual fuck Mason. Don’t the pats have a fullback? Why the shit does he think he is better off there. Thanks a lot Jim, clearly not good advice from Jim or Jacky Harbaugh. He has no better chance to play there than here, worst pick in recent years?"
"Ben Mason joins the list of former 5th-rounders (Shaun Wade^*1*, Robert Myers^*2*, Davon Drew^*2*, Chris Barnes, Richard Mercier^*3* and Ryan Sutter) to not be on the Ravens in any capacity by opening weekend their rookie year.

**NOTE #1**: I hate having to include Wade in this list, simply because that was such a smart trade getting picks in return for someone who was deep on the depth chart; but he *DOES* fit the criteria, unfortunately.

**NOTE #2**: Myers and Drew were re-signed to the practice squad after their brief stints with the Colts and Dolphins in 2015 and 2009, respectively.

**NOTE #3**: I can't find anything concrete saying if Mercier made the practice squad his rookie year in 2000. All there is [his University of Miami Sports Hall of Fame page](https://www.umsportshalloffame.com/richard-mercier.html), saying he ""was in the NFL for 3 seasons""; but nowhere on the web is there a list of which teams he played for those 3 seasons. [Mercier was released by the Ravens at the end of August 2000.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/sports/2000/08/27/ravens-cut-10-players-including-wr-thompson/f78c73ea-4ddc-4e7a-805a-2bd3e21d3eec/) Until proven otherwise, I'm inclined to believe Mercier is a part of this list."
"Yup, as I said in the previous post. He stunk in preseason and camp and was not in our plans"
So both our late round picks end up with the Pats. Nice
Well damn
We got nothing for this damn
Just a bad pick from the start. Could have had any number of solid players instead.
"I was critiquing the pick at the time but everyone kept calling it such a Ravens move, I was confused cus I knew he wouldn’t start over Pat, and there’s no way he was starting over Oliver if Oliver stayed healthy. Might be DeGOATas first miss"
Well
lol wtf was this pick
"Such a stupid draft pick, idk if anyone else would've been a star, but it couldve at least been good depth. It's just not a good look."
What a bad pick
"“In eDc wE tRuSt”

Seriously EDC is good, but can we stop pretending that’s he’s a god? Complete waste of a pick because he would of went undrafted anyway. Anyone dare criticize any of the FO choices and the homers come raging."
Fullbacks rule and I hope we start seeing them more often again
We should've drafted Trey Smith over this guy or Shaun Wade. I stead we go into the season with a questionable O-Line.
Lol who was the person on here on draft day that was adamant that Ben Mason would replace Ricard?
Good for him he made a move to secure his career can't blame him blame the Ravens for drafting a position we didn't need lol
"What? Ben failed to impress his fellow team mates with his brawling ability? In fairness, I don't think Ferguson should have been throwing punches at Mason. Bad chemistry all around. https://ravenswire.usatoday.com/2021/08/03/pads-come-out-for-ravens-tuesday-practice-ben-mason-involved-in-multiple-dust-ups/"
Maybe Mason already had feelers from the Pats ever since training camp?
Undercover spy. I liked it
"Losing a 5th round pick sucks and in hindsight we could've used this for something else. That being said I think EDC deserves a pass for all the crazy good moves he's made. Plus I'm going to assume ravens offered him a place on the PS and he bolted. Why else would Harbaugh sound so salty.

EDC has shown he isn't afraid to make moves by trade around for draft  capital or cutting a draft pick that isn't performing well. I'm sure he'll figure out a way to bget his 5th back."
Why do I feel like the pats are tryna copy our run game
Can the pats stay the fuck off our dick.
What a complete waste of a pick. And Now Belichick gets a smart guy who's just seen all our playbook.
"A 5th round pick is a coin flip. Looking back in our draft history, we seem to whiff just as much as we hit. This one was a whiff. Oh well, not the end of the world. The fact this is such a story is just proof of how solid our team is."
[deleted]
"Hi everyone! I could not be more excited about this upcoming season. I live in Denver and I really want to take my dad to the game on 10/3 as he's helped me SO much over the last year during COVID. Unfortunately, ticket prices are absolutely through the roof. If anyone knows anyone who has access to two tickets or is looking to sell for a reasonable price, please let me know!"
"Ticketmaster bud or resale. I just bought some today.

You're looking at minimum 93+fees for nosebleeds, 200-400+ for the lower bowl.

Also FYI visitors' side faces west so you'll prob get blasted with sun in nosebleeds since it's an afternoon game. Bring shades and a hat (obviously a mask too when around unmasked Betty from Douglas County, CO sloshing her coors light everywhere)"
I joined a Broncos ticket resale FB page and got section 129 for around $200.
"I just got mine from my buddy whose family is season ticket holder. Its my son's 13th birthday and he is Broncos fan - we live in SLC. I can't wait, I am so damn excited!"
"I can't stand more michigan picks, holy fuck year after year, not one pick good, all because his brother is the HC

I hope harbs is very angry and learn the lesson and dont listen to his brother anymore, stop drafting michigan guys pls"
"Its a weird situation. I mean, he can't be too angry. Apparently, Mason made it known he was unlikely to sign with Ravens if he went undrafted before the draft, so they had to draft him if they wanted him.

Also, I forgot about that whole Jim saying ""You're gonna like this kid, John. He's a football player"" storyline that was going on with him. I guess, they both overestimated his buy-in to that Harbaugh charm.

He's probably just looking for an actual opportunity to make a team's roster."
"Dude probably loves the Ravens. By drafting him, he got a contract with $250k guaranteed. If he had been an UDFA, those guarantees can be as low as a few thousand, only the really really sought after ones will get like $50k+, I believe. So, now he gets $250k from us and gets to go to a place where he’ll probably have a much better shot to play. (I don’t know how the PS pay is and if you still get your contract if you’re PS though.)"
">I hope Harbaugh is very angry with Mason

Why on earth would anyone be mad at Ben Mason? You're delusional if you think he did anything wrong.

Blame the FO for picking a guy with almost zero chance to make the team. This year's draft has a couple headscratchers, headlining that list is the fact that two of our 5th rd picks are going to play for the Patriots instead of us this year."
I don’t get why everyone (fans) is angry at Mason. Obviously it was a waste and he must be not be good but we should be more mad at Harbaugh and EDC for making this pick. It’s not Mason’s fault he was picked in R5 to a team that didn’t need him on their team. Lets voice frustration for continuing to pick players from Michigan’s asscheek program just because of the connection John has to it.
"I don’t like the ben mason pick whatsoever, but this is one of the stupidest posts i’ve ever seen"
"One has to assume there's some obvious pro-Michigan bias because of the Harbaugh connection, which obviously isn't working out. That said, blacklisting an entire program as big as Michigan's is a bad idea. I think the lesson here is to allow the scouts to do their work without bias or influence. Treat Michigan prospects like they're from any other school."
Mason did nothing wrong he got put in an impossible situation that he didn’t want to be in and was forced to stay in until cuts.  Really sucks the Ravens essentially robbed him of an opportunity to make a 53 man elsewhere.  Obviously we were just trying to hedge against Ricard’s surgery but in my opinion after it was made clear he was good they should’ve let Mason go because there is no way we were keeping two FBs.
"If you or anyone else is gonna get mad at someone, get mad at the guy that used a draft pick on a backup fullback that clearly had no interest being on the Ravens. It's not a huge deal in the grand scheme of things, but it was a poor pick by DeCosta."
"
Just set a 5th round pick on fire. Why not trade it away if that’s how you’re gonna spend it? Hilarious"
It is show business ... not show friends.  Move on with your life.
 I dont really understand this post tho
"What is there to be pissed at Mason about, they drafted him with little expectation of making the team and was hoping there was something more teams didn't see. He wasn't we move on that all this pick ever was going to be."
Y’all in your fucking feelings about this dude
"2020 round 4 Ben Bredeson michigan, trade
2021 round 5 Ben Mason michigan, cut"
Legit question: didnt mason have to pass through waivers after we cut him? How is it Masons fault that the ravens cut him and he gets picked up by the Patriots? I thought as a rookie he doesn't have any say in which team claims him.
"I doubt he feels that strongly about it, shit happens.

But even if Harbs is mad at Mason, he'd be the idiot. Mason probably had the exact same reaction as all the fans did.

""Uh...why did you draft me? What position am I going to play?""

Nothing to do with Mason's quality. He wants to go somewhere he can actually play."
Solid two thumbs up 👍👍
"He is pissed because he basically back stabbed the Ravens and Harbaugh! We saved his ass by drafting a likely UDFA only because the punk would've chosen the Pats even then. So, we drafted him in the 5th round. Yet, he turns around and signs with the Pats! Weasel. Good riddance."
Josh Ross and Andrew Steuber are on the Ravens clock
"Will email Harbs. Copied your post.
Tell him what is what."
This post is stupid - But I think the pick could have been used for good (O/D)lineman depth
[deleted]
Ok
Next time we'll listen to you.
"[Bronson Rechsteiner](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bronson_Rechsteiner) is now with the WWE training to be a professional wrestler, following in in the footsteps of his father and uncle. So it looks like the other 31 NFL teams also passed on signing him after he was released by the Ravens."
All this for a back-up fullback. My goodness
"The tallest midget is still a midget, bud."
"Yeah we've just lost a good one, I get off work, and that's the first thing I see is Seattle stealing him, especially when he should've made the 53, even Marlon called him a baller, just ridiculous, absolutely ridiculous"
"It happens. There was a lot of competition in the secondary for those last few spots on the roster. (Ar'Darius Washington, Geno Stone and Chris Westry being the others.) When there's already 11 players devoted to the cornerback and safety positions, you just can't keep them all."
"You can’t keep everyone. If he was good enough for our team, he would have made the cut. He didn’t. This is nothing new. 

Let’s hope he has success elsewhere."
"If the team felt the same, they would not have cut him."
"We had 53 better players not including Tomlinson and McPhee and others. Nfl doesn’t let one team horde players, if it did we would be unstoppable"
Seattle didn’t steal him we gave him up
I wouldn't feel as bad if his roster spot didn't go to Westry..he definitely outplayed Westry this preseason.
"Lol “absolutely ridiculous”

What do you want them to do?"
All the height in the world won’t do anything if you can’t cover…. Warrior > Westery
"Been adding to this list slowly over a few seasons now. Thought I would share and see if anyone had any good names I’m missing. 

https://twitter.com/i/lists/892002872140996608"
""
damn sammy watkins and hollywood gotta step up. hope they’re back soon!
Feels like we may not IR Boyle even with this move.  I think the Ravens want Boyle back for week 2 and thus don’t want them on short term IR.
At this rate Lamar is going to have to pull a [Mr Perfect ](https://youtu.be/uc8JCXngwOQ)
We are absolutely doomed and cursed.
""
Watkins is about to go stupid
So ... game plan for 4 weeks: Lamar juke moves and bus bulldozer. Sweet.
"In regards to Nick Boyle ~~(another player that may have been placed on the I.R.)~~, [Jeff Zrebiec did mention Boyle returned to practice earlier today](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1433138974567055365). However, [he was only doing sprints](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1433143865645674496).

While Eric Tomlinson's return was expected in the meantime, it seems like Boyle returning to game action isn't too far away. (*MAYBE* the week 2 home opener against the Chiefs?) The same goes for Jimmy Smith, who also didn't get placed on the injured reserve. Good news for the Ravens, those guys and their injuries."
Not a good start for Bateman
"No Dobbins, no Bateman. Fucking A."
This off-season has been horrible. We all want football back but my hype for the Ravens prospects has faded like a tire with a slow puncture over the past few weeks.
"John Brown is available, ijs"
Are you Effing kidding me? Dude we cannot catch a break with first round rookie receivers.
Get the injuries out of the way now! As long as the team can make it into the playoffs as healthy as possible.
"Man that sucks smh. What a start to the season, huh"
"What the fuck, thought we could have had Bateman back by week 2

Edit: wow downvote me bc I got the wrong info. Lol thanks."
we are fucking cursed at WR lmao
Wtf is going on? Bateman can't even survive training camp? I swear we are cursed when it comes to wide outs
"Two season-ending injuries before Week 1 & our #1 draft pick missing the first month or more of football. People will try to stay positive, but this is a terrible start. Probably one of the worst starts to the season I’ve seen for the Ravens health-wise in a while."
"Rashod Bateman is WAY too close to Breshad Perriman for my liking. Hopefully, that's where similarities end."
Ravens.can’t.draft.WRs. Please stop drafting them
[deleted]
"🚨 **OP IS A DROP SHIP SCAMMER** 🚨 

There will be another account asking where to buy (it’s OPs alt) OP will provide a scamming link. **DO NO CLICK ON IT HERE OR ANY MESSAGES YOU GET FROM OP**"
"🚨 **DROP SHIP SCAMMER** 🚨 

**DO NO CLICK ON ANY LINK HERE OR ANY MESSAGES YOU GET FROM OP**


The dumb mfer couldn’t even get the right sub lol"
[removed]
""
"🚨 **DROP SHIP SCAMMER** 🚨 

**DO NO CLICK ON ANY LINK HERE OR ANY MESSAGES YOU GET FROM OP**


The dumb mfer couldn’t even get the right sub lol

/u/Ravens_mod ban this fucker"
"🚨 **OP IS A DROP SHIP SCAMMER** 🚨 

There will be another account asking where to buy (it’s OPs alt) OP will provide a scamming link. **DO NO CLICK ON IT HERE OR ANY MESSAGES YOU GET FROM OP**"
"🚨 **OP IS A DROP SHIP SCAMMER** 🚨 

There will be another account asking where to buy (it’s OPs alt) OP will provide a scamming link. **DO NO CLICK ON IT HERE OR ANY MESSAGES YOU GET FROM OP**"
"🚨 **OP IS A DROP SHIP SCAMMER** 🚨 

There will be another account asking where to buy (it’s OPs alt) OP will provide a scamming link. **DO NO CLICK ON IT HERE OR ANY MESSAGES YOU GET FROM OP**

/u/_DORFL_"
"## WARNING

### This is not a real user!

This is a **scammer** trying to rip you off.  Do not buy from any links in comments or messages!

* *Scammer:* **DerrickAMyers**
* *This Post:* [Just picked this piece](https://old.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/pg66sc/just_picked_this_piece/)

## SCAMS ARE EVERYWHERE ON REDDIT

*Especially posts about...*

* **T-Shirts or Hoodies**
* **Coffee Cups or Mugs**
* **Printed masks**
* **Art prints or posters**
* **Stickers**

The original post may be from a scammer or from a real user but have scam links in the comments. Drop-shipping scams use stolen art and third party sites to steal your money!  They will create new posts (such as this) and add scam links in the comments of actual redditors' posts.

Be careful, be safe! Don't buy from any websites you aren't familiar with and be very wary of any links you are sent, especially over chat or PM.

---

## BEWARE REDBUBBLE & AMAZON LINKS
Drop-ship spam rings have started using redbubble and amazon to front their scams. While you will get a shirt when placing orders, the print quality will likely be poor as the art is stolen - and you are supporting the scammer, not the artist.

---
## FAQ

1. *I don't see any links!* Often spammers will submit the post, and upvote it with alt accounts, and wait for it to get traction before posting the link.  Or, they won't post a link directly in comments but will PM or chat message anyone who comments with a link. **If you think this is a false-positive, please comment and a human will review.**

1. *How do you know they're a scammer?* Typical red flags are newer accounts with few or simple comments, but some scammers build or buy faux-accounts to avoid detection. The best thing you can do is avoid clicking on any links that don't go to a site you're familiar with, **especially** if the link seems to come from nowhere or is from a new / low karma account.

1. *How do you know in this specific case?* Unfortunately publishing all red flags would make it easier for the scammers to hide.  If you have a question, reply to this comment and the bot's operator will respond when they are able.

1. *But someone else posted the link, not OP* Scammers will use multiple accounts to look more innocent. They also use multiple accounts to upvote posts and comments to look more supported / show higher in browsing listings.

1. *I see links to Twitter, Imgur, Google, Linkedin, and other sites. are those safe?* The link itself, yes. HOWEVER those links will most likely then redirect you to ANOTHER link that has the shirt for ""sale"". Scammers use this tactic to avoid Reddit blacklisting their scammy domain names.

---

I AM [DORFL](https://discworld.fandom.com/wiki/Dorfl). I AM A GOLEM.  Summon me: Include `u/_dorfl_` in your comment.  [Message me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=_dorfl_&subject=Feedback) with feedback.

Spammers Served    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Today: **95**    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Best: *460*    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Ever: *20840+!*

&nbsp;

*^To ^Serve ^The ^Public ^Trust, ^Protect ^The ^Innocent ^And ^Seriously ^Prod ^Buttock*"
"Classic shirt bought one a few years ago, if rock it in any city you are guaranteed a complement"
""
"Well since I’m annoyed about the Ben Mason pick , at least Brandon Stephens looks like a decent pick so far, and I remember being upset just like other fans . Just adding a little positivity"
"For fucks sake, can we start judging our drafts after 2 years and not before a week 1?   

Mason signing with Pats does suck. But if Bateman, Oweh, Stephens, and Cleveland wind up starters and then Hayes and Wallace contribute.  That’s a monster draft."
"FWIW this draft and I think Brandon Stephens exemplifies it excellently was drafting physical specimens with the intent of developing them into NFL players. 

Folks like Ferguson who performed well in college don't always directly translate into NFL players but sometimes projects don't pan out. I think thats the intent behind many draft picks for EDC. Grab guys-with talent, teachable and solid foundations if they aren't flashy. Try and make a roster with those guys. 

Though I don't know if this is Ravens specific but we have guys that tend to break out in year 2+. Thinking of guys like Tyus Bowser, Chuck Clark, Deshon Elliot. Ferguson and Powers look like they could be late bloomers. Proche/Stone are big examples of 6/7 blowing up in year 2 and making the 53 with a splash. Guys like Malik Harrison/Madubuike getting more time finally in year 2, even Broderick looking much better. 

Though with the 2020 guys could be a result of them missing ota/camp etc."
"Also remember how many picks DeCosta got off players we were going to cut otherwise… we did good, I’m just worried about Batemans health, stayed hurt all camp"
"I really do not care about Ben Mason and am surprised there’s been so much talk about him.

He was a late 5th round pick. He’s a freakin hybrid fullback. Probably wasn’t worth the pick we used on him to begin with - it was just a scheme thing. I see what they were trying to do but it seems like he just kinda sucks. It happens. I don’t exactly think him signing with the Pats is going to be some key steal that propels them past us. 

Good riddance, whatever."
"Why are people so irate about Ben Mason in the late 5th? Since 2010 we have drafted these duds in the 5th round: David Reed, Chykie Brown, Asa Jackson, Robert Myers, Jermaine Eluemunor, Jordan Lasley, Daylon Mack, Broderick Washington Jr, and some even worse in 4th. Hits and misses are a thing in the draft for everyone."
 Stephens can play. Anywhere. Solid player. Smart. Great tackler as well.
"I think we are forgetting that this draft also is a big anomaly because many many players didn't play due to opt out that were in the draft, many players went back to college to play another season that scouts thought would enter draft this past year year, and many players were COVID year studs but lacklustre the years before. very very hard year to scout. I think you will see a lot of draft steals and a lot of draft busts and many many UDFA players perform. Ben Mason was a stretch of a pick in the 5th, but I think that deep into the draft maybe they saw it as lets get the most ''sure fire'' option on the board in a draft that has so many question marks in every round. Lets not forget he was touted as the only true and best FB coming into the draft. 

&#x200B;

My thoughts on the matter are this - Ben Mason wasn't what we thought he was and Shaun Wade was a gamble (Do we get nickel stud Wade or outside bum Wade) that didn't pay off. The fact we got a 5th back for wade was great work by our FO as he was not going to make the team. We wont know how this class will be until end of next season. Oweh has shown promise. Hayes looks like a steal. Stephens will become a solid role player at the bare minimum. I like our chances in developing Cleveland but worst case he provides depth for the next 2 years. Bateman is the big question mark which may define this being a great draft or a meh draft but again we cant know for another year or 2."
Kinda annoyed about the Mason pick - Could have picked up some Dlineman or OT
"Personally I will t least start with the 1st team MNF announcers because I trust them to set the first Monday Night game of the season vibe if not much else. After that I will probably check out the Manning's broadcast.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pg6vxa)"
The live version 😉
Whatever the stadium has on. Lol. Going to the watch party at the bank.
"It can’t possibly get worse than ESPN’s main telecast, right? I’ll give Peyton a go, probably."
I want in on this. I have no clue about this content and would love access to listen. Can someone please inform me on how or where I can listen to their broadcast while watching the game?
I like putting on the Spanish one even though I don't speak Spanish.  It's extraordinarily enthusiastic and I can just make my own headcannon about what they are saying
[deleted]
Are you eating low grade beef or a sirloin.
I hate Peyton but I respect him and could hack that. No fucking way I’m listening to his dipshit brother lol
Mute and listen to music
Whatever Locast has because I'm broke
"I’ll definitely see how Peyton and Eli goes at first. If I like it, I’ll continue watching, if I don’t, I’ll listen to radio broadcast cause I hate espn, and their broadcasters."
"Will there be a local cast on WBAL with Sandusky and co? If not, just the standard espn coverage for me."
Whatever me and the boys can get over here in the UK. Tend not to get broadcast choice past legal/illegal
Whichever one I can stream for free
I’m curious about Peyton and Eli. I think they’re gonna be funny
"Film study of former Raven Darren Waller, who appears to be the focal point of Jon Gruden's Offense in LV.  
[https://youtu.be/Ri5Ho2K4JzI](https://youtu.be/Ri5Ho2K4JzI)"
He could have 100+ yards and Ravens probably still have a good chance of winning
"He’s really my biggest and really only concern as far as offensive weapons go.  Like Ruggs was bad last year, Edwards is holy unproven and a day 3 pick and while Renfrow has a pretty unique skill set I think Tavon can handle him.  Obviously we aren’t running man the whole game for these three just pointing out when we do it’s a favorable matchup."
"Honestly, probably not. Queen isn’t strong enough, big enough or good enough in coverage. None of our other linebacker swill be good enough. Deshon or chuck are probably the most realistic options but they are both tiny compared to him. I’d be curious to see if we try using jimmy or marlon, i honestly think they’d have the best chance of stopping him."
"Can only imagine how the defensive staff are trying to scheme up against this guy.  


https://youtu.be/Ri5Ho2K4JzI"
Tough matchup problem no matter who plays him.
""
An SB win would be amazing but Lamar taking the team to the SB would a feat on its own and I would not be mad at all.
Yes Yes Yes Yes NO!  SHIT!
#FUCK TOM BRADY
"This is kinda a conspiracy theory of mine but I think this guy just keeps filming these videos until the ball lands in something ""realistic"" and he only posts those. I dont think ive ever seen a WILD prediction from this guys video ever."
"Ravens 2-0 in SB, Bucs 2-0 in SB.  Only one comes out alive."
Tom doesn't need another ring.
The ball only ever landed in one of the back 2 buckets lol
How many fucking takes do you think they did to get the dog to make it in the Buccaneers bucket? Lol
G-Ro is terrible I have no high expectations with this offense and our defense is still good but not good enough to stop KC
[deleted]
Malik Harrison
Oweh I hope 🙏
Josh Oliver depending on what your expectations are for him. He could end up having a similar season to Hayden Hurst did in 2019 around 350 yards which I think would be an underrated additional pass catcher for us.
Bozeman. Dude gets better every year and I think he will become even better switching back to his natural position at Center.
Bozeman switching positions.
King Koopa
"Clark/Elliott. Probably won't put up flashy numbers but will do everything at a very high level. Elliott might have some highlight hits that get him some national recognition.

For the rest of the NFL: Lamar. Dude could have a Flacco-esque transcendent Superbowl run and clowns would still be reaching for excuses to not respect him."
Derek Henry's father is primed and ready to absolutely fuck shit up this year
Devin Duvernay/Proche. They probs won’t put up big receiving number or return a bunch of kicks/punts for TDs but they’ll def have some solid receiving numbers and definitely will make a solid contribution in the return game which always goes unnoticed these days
"My random prediction is that with this Dobbins injury, I think Duvernay ends up getting between 50-70 carries this season. Both through jet motion action and eventually lining up in the backfield occasionally."
"I think a lot of people are sleeping on how much impact Williams is going to have on Gus. I think they’re going to try and keep rbbc with both of them just being such powerful runners. That’s just my thought, maybe closer to 65/35 split in the back field"
"I think Wallace in the redzone has some things in store for us, I wouldn't shocked if he earns the spot over boykins while he is on IR especially if Lamar can hit him the way Huntley did in preseason"
Zeitler
Daelin Hayes
"Justice Hill, his special teams role and 3rd back role will be relevant at some point, if there was ever a time for him to show up, this is it"
Ty’son Williams.  I think he will be the 2nd RB and take anywhere from 30-40 percent of snaps and play well.
Anthony Averett
Bozeman. Centers aren’t flashy and you never pay attention to them unless they’re bad. A center that can snap will be a big improvement
Victor! Is primed to make a splash. Won't be low key tho
"I agree with your Duv take. I also think, with Dobbins out for the year, Duv will get more opportunities to run some of the reverses and routes from the flat and the slot that Dobbins was apparently getting in training camp."
wishing bateman and crew a speedy recovery!
this is a terrible joke
"I’m not sure I get the joke. Obviously you know we play the chiefs, but I’m not sure what the punchline about the chiefs being a bye is."
"Idk where you got that from, week 2 is KC"
""
"I live here in LV and I've been watching them extremely close. Other sites as well. I want to go so bad, but the prices were ridiculous. Love to see the drops."
Yeah they've been going ever since they said they were requiring people to be vaccinated 😂
I got tickets to ravens texans in 2019 for like 80 bucks.  I miss those days already haha.
Maybe the Ravens should require vaccination too so we can get home games cheap too.
"I was about to say, that’s wild that it’s dropping the *week* of… but then I remembered that this new variant is on the rise"
Yo im still waiting!! Here visiting my parents in LV and i want to take my parents to the game! Im waiting for prices to drop at least 150 to 100!
"Haha I thought I was the only one stalking the tickets prices. I’ve watched them from when they were $800

Vaccination proof then dropped them closer to $400

I still don’t know how I feel about being nosebleed at a raider game though 🤔"
Watching like a hawk as well. Getting tix no matter what. Let’s go!
We’re goin to Vegas baby!
I wish.. I live in Canada so won't be seeing them play anytime soon. Hockey tickets here go for thousands for shit seats
"The last 3 seasons, save for 2020, I've made at least one trip to Baltimore for a game, usually flying in the same day and flying out after the game is over. Hopefully I can do it again if prices keep dropping."
"Whoa, ""decent price"" means somthing completely different to me."
"The Ravens have never won a road game I've been to, last straw for me was London in 17."
"I am a season ticket holder for the ravens (section 553, row 26) right on the 50 yard line. If anyone is interested please PM me."
"13 years as a head coach is a long time. If he doesn't make it to the conference championships, what do you think the chances are of him being fired?"
0 percent.
He’d have to miss the playoff two years in a row before it became a realistic possibility.
"Why would he be on a hot seat? We’ve had a large amount of success recently, and if your reason is just his longevity then that still doesn’t make much sense, especially given teams like the Steelers head coach longevity."
Literally 0
I think the only person on the hot seat is Greg Roman. If the offense doesn’t perform this year I believe he’s gone.
No way. One or both coordinators would be fired before Harbs' job was put in jeopardy.
no
Zero. Unless he goes 0-17
You’re joking right?
Dumbass question
0%
"Less than 0%. The only way he leaves is they allow him to finish out the remainder of his contract, and he wants to take a break from coaching (doing some tv work ect) and Eric has plans for someone else to come in."
"Zip

Zippo

Zilch

Nil

Nada

None

0%

The big 0"
"Lamar saved his job, I’m not going to be surprised if they let him go and bring in a younger coach. We have too many talents on the team to be running old ass concepts"
""
"This is amazing.

Also, I hope we get Kevin Harlan calling some of our big games this year because no one else could have called this like he did."
"He is Houdini! 

That was so fucking exciting and fun to watch."
"I missed your og post, but I’m OBSESSED with this"
"Well done!!!! In your history i see the polamalu int for td off flacco. Still hurts, but looks great. This is art."
This was the best play in LJ's career imo...until the run against Tennessee. That was magical.
Do you sell these?
Where do you get these?
"Damn, this is so sweet. I love this.

This is art."
My college roomate is the dude that he made whiff with a spin. I will never let him live it down
That call is my ringtone
Man all your play art is great. Do you have a webstore?
I love it
I can’t remember but do you sell these and if so what sizes?
[Here’s the play!](https://youtu.be/DItJndOeTlY)
Where did you buy this?
"This is great! Is a print available for purchase??

Keep up the good work!"
Interested as well! Please dm
"Yo, can I get the link to buy it as well?"
Didn't have this one when I ordered my others
The fact he spins that hard while running that fast never stops amazing me
[Runnin’ circles](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=CjEcQYpzt9I)
Now he has entourage
I looked away from the TV for 10 seconds and then that play happened...
Use McSorleys touchdown
I can see the replay by looking at this diagram.
Found the link to the store from previously asking. When should I expect it to be shipped?
Awesome! Only comment is I believe the call was “Look at him dart back and forth!” Not “turn”
I had dobbins on my fantasy team before he went down and I picked up the bus as a replacement. What are some unbiased opinions on how he will actually do?
I’d let him take my child to school.
100%
"1000-1100 and 8-12 TDs is a number I've seen tossed around by ""pundits""

I think it's going to affect us, with Gus not expected to be the receiving threat out of the backfield that Dobbins would have been, but we are the run heaviest team in the league and Gus is the only proven back on the roster, he should get the lion's share of touches and I don't see the others stealing goal line attempts, he's the hardest runner we have.

TL:DR I think his floor is high. I don't think he's in line for a breakout season like Dobbins was though."
"He can fuck my wife

Edit: how do I delete a comment?"
Watch out for Tyson Williams I don’t think Gus will be a true bell cow. I’m thinking like 15 carries for Gus and 8 for Tyson each game
"In a traditional scoring system Gus has a good chance of matching Dobbins.  His size and inside running was going to steal \~8 TDs from Dobbins, but he'll keep most of those as the starter.  He'll also get a greater share of the RB runs this year than Dobbins would have.  

But in PPR or other pass-bonus leagues Gus gives up those points.  He'll also be less consistent since his style will suffer more if we're behind or against defenses which commit to stopping the run."
"He is the definition of a reliable back. He has the lowest tackle for loss rate in the league with a good one being 8 percent and he is down to 1 percent. He will always get positive yards and now is the lead back with unproven guys behind him. My hot take is that he will get close to 1200 yards on the ground because watching his come up from an undrafted guy and seeing him improve heavily on things he wasn't the best at has me excited. Also gotta love those big backs that can run guys over and has the ellusiveness to break tackles back to back. Watch some tape on him, it's fun"
"Gus is a monster. He’s got an incredible combination of speed, power, and vision. I’d say the one area that’s kind of an unknown for me at this point is receiving ability, but then again we don’t throw to him often. 

If you do draft him, you can bank on him to put up BIG numbers imo"
"Let's be more realistic here. I'd say I'm feeling pretty damn good As long as he's not your rb1, and depends a lot on the league. If there's any ppr than that lowers Gus's stock because he's not really a pass catching threat, at least that we've seen.

While my confidence for Gus doing well as a football player is high, in fantasy what matters a lot more is snap percentage, touchdowns, and being a pass catcher so that they keep getting touches even if they're losing. The Ravens aren't exactly the best team for those things because 1) Lamar gets a lot of those close range touchdowns, 2) Gus is not a big of pass catcher and we've seen the offense abandon the run when down, 3) the Ravens run by committee so you can be sure Ty'son Williams and Lamar are eating a lot of those potential running snaps at all phases of the game. Still, the Ravens absurd proficiency does offset that a bit, and I think Gus is rated a little too low on most boards, so I view him as a really solid rb2 that you can probably pick up a little later than others.

I don't think there's really going to be a huge difference in fantasy points for you moving from jk to Gus. Unless JK was going to start being a receiving threat this year."
10/10
Very high level.
"I'd trust him babysitting my hypothetical diabetes son in a candy house.
Let's put it like that."
He is awesome. He’s an RB1 that’s excelled and frown each year. His hands have improved a lot and he’s a great 3rd down back and I’m excited to see what he does acting as a tribe RB1. He would do great in any system will 100% excel with Romans scheme
"https://youtu.be/sNjY3VIC5w8
This guy does great break downs
Top Billin lol"
"Gus is just as good as Dobbins. Said it before Dobbins ever went down, there’s really very little drop off in terms of who’s RB1. The thing that sucks is that we had two guys of that caliber before, now Gus has to be THE guy. He will be though. 1k yard season easy."
I expect him to do every bit of what Mark Ingram did a few years back
With 17 games and being the workhorse I'm thinking he gets 1500 yards barring injury
Gus bus go brrrrrrr
All Gas No Brakes. GuS Bus Only Takes You All The Way For TD’s 😎
Through the fucking roof
"Gus is very high in YPC, that’s all I know, the only reason he hasn’t had a super good season yet is cuz he was never our starting back, now he is."
Very high confidence in The Bus. Hopefully he stays healthy through the playoffs
High confidence if he stays healthy and gets the touches.
"He is awesome.

100% +"
"You're fishing for fantasy advice, aren't you!"
Utmost
"High.

Next question."
"Gus has always been the perfect compliment to Lamar Jackson. Gus became relevant when Lamar became the starter his rookie year and has continuously made it so they had to give him runs. Last year, when we had Ingram(who isn't washed up) and JK Dobbins. Gus made sure it was Ingram losing runs and not him. He is insanely consistent and underrated in the league. He runs through the same gaps game after game and always gets the yards. Even in the passing game, he had the two best catches for an rb last year. I'm a huge fan."
"I really really believe that he's more than just a ""reliable"" and ""north-south"" back like a lot of comments have him pinned.

Gus has shown great vision as a ball carrier, as well as the ability to follow through. There's really not a lot lacking from his game. People are wrong to think he has no lateral speed, we see him juking a decent amount. And if he's not juking he's stiff arming, trucking, or just plain shedding tackles for huge rips. The guys a potential stud.

 If the off-season hype about getting the backs more involved in the passing game is true, get excited."
If he gets the RB1 spot and we dont run a rotation I dont see why he couldn't pickup 1000 yards /10 TDs this season
"Gus has a much higher floor when compared to dobbins, but a lower ceiling when compared to dobbins. Mainly because he’s not the receiving threat Dobbins is, that’s not to say he isn’t, it’s just dobbins is better. Either way you should feel comfortable with him on your fantasy team."
"Not good with fantasy prod but Gus has been reliable if nothing else.

I am curious how the addition of Keith and Tee affects our passing game this year. Not to mention Watkins/Bateman/Wallace + year 2 for Duv/Proche"
"Just think how we felt about Gus before we started JK. Nothing has changed. If anything, he’s better !"
High confidence in Gus for reality football. Less confidence for fantasy football.
"Only current Raven whose jersey I own for a reason. Doesn’t lose yardage, drags defenders kicking and screaming upfield, always the underdog but always outperforms expectations. He’s an absolute beast, high YAC and YPC, gonna have a great year"
"Gus won’t have as many home run plays as Dobbins but I think he will be more consistent.

Gus 1200-1500 yards 10-12 Touchdowns"
He might not be flashy for fantasy outside of standard scoring but I expect him to eat this season for us.
I’m expecting at least 1000 yards and 8 TD and I feel confident in that
Hes going to rip. Facts. Any rb in our system will. But a quick north south runner like edwards is going to thrive.
"gus is going to have a monster career year, mark my words. i got 100% confidence in gus the bus"
"You don't visit this sub much, do you?

Get on the Gus bus"
Hes a tank with no fear
What kind of league were you in where Gus Edwards went undrafted????
That first season of his doesn't he have like 800+ yards and barely got tackled for a loss?  He may not be the fastest but he's damn good
Ona scale of 1-Adrian Peterson? Barry sanders.
Massive.
"He's gonna get tons of reps.  Will probably crush the first half of the season.  Unless he gets some serious relief from guys stepping up to RB2/3, he'll get burnt out....  We should have a strong Oline, I think any decent RB would do pretty well within the system overall"
"I think he is extremely capable, but a 17 game season is a long time, the ravens are probably going to give him a ton of carries and he doesn't have a proven backup. I would be concerned about him putting up terrific numbers early on and trailing off towards the end of the year."
They don't call him the Gus Bus for nothing.
"he’s been with the team awhile so he knows the system and has chemistry with teammates and coaches, he’s proven he’s a solid guy no matter the role. i’m very confident he will step up"
"I dont know if you can get an ""unbiased"" opinion from this particular sub. 

Gus will bus down the throats of all of our opponents with pure unabandoned violence and destruction."
Yes
He will have a strong year in fantasy
You came to the Ravens sub for unbiased opinions on a Ravens player?
"Id argue that he has better hands out of the backfield than JK but maybe a smaller route tree.

We already know hes a positive yardage monster. Dude cannot be stopped in this power run system and we've seen him break more than his fair share of big ones. 

My confidence for him is extremely high, he'd probably wouldve broke 1k yards his rookie year if Lamar comes in earlier and Alex Collins gets benched sooner"
Very high.
I'm in the same situation and I have no doubt Gus will rack it up this year. Any RB that rushes for 700+ yards and 5+ ypc 3 straight seasons as a backup is bound to thrive as an RB1
"I think h has better vision that Dobbins and less agile and Smooth compared to Dobbins. 

Gus is really a bus with his movement and Dobbins is more of a jeep wrangler"
"I think he’ll do great as the lead back, he’s shown some nice development from a north/south read option machine to an actually balanced back that can do more than just shoot up the middle (he still does that at an extremely high level tho). He can get to the edge, and I’d say his contact balance is as just as good as JK’s for how much people rave about JK’s contact balance. Obviously he doesn’t have the explosiveness of JK, buts he’s still a pretty good home run threat. The ravens are apparently trying to get the backs more involved into the receiving game, and in the limited opportunities he’s gotten as a receiver he’s shown flashes. (Not saying he’s gonna be some great receiving back but I don’t think he’s gonna be bad there.) In terms of workload I really don’t see why he won’t be the lead back and get a large majority of the touches. The guys behind him are fine but not on his level. I don’t see why he wouldn’t get at least 1000 yards and 9 TDs on the ground."
"I think a lot of people are trying too hard to be ""realistic"" and they're just underestimating him.

I see him getting close to 20 touches a game. I know people are drinking the kool-aid on Ty'Son right now, but odds are he's a JAG. Justice Hill hasn't shown much in his time in the league either. I'm sure they will each get a few carries a game, but I'm betting Edwards will be a bell cow for us this season.

Any back getting 20 touches in this historically great rushing offense is going to put up a big year. Having seen Edwards beast out, we know he is more than capable. His 5.2 ypa career average proves it. 

I'm going to say he averages 18 rushes per game, for 90 rushing yards per game, and 1,500 rushing yards on the 17 game season. I bet he will average 2 catches per game, for another 15 yards per game, and another 250 receiving yards on the season. With that kind of usage, and his goal line abilities, I see him getting 12 total TDS, give or take. All in all 1,700 total yards with 12 touchdowns will be a top 5 to top 10 back this season. Bet on that!"
10/10 he will ball out this season!
"Choo Choo motherfuckers, the bus is coming through."
Think heyday Latavius Murray
100%%%%
"I think he will get the job done, he won't be as explosive or as exciting as jk but he can lead us to the promise land."
"I have confidence in him he’s a hard hitting running, my issue is with the rb2s I don’t see them having as much of a impact specially against a good defence!"
"VERY HIGH.  He was getting the majority of the workload when Lamar began starting in 18.  One of the best ""2nd"" options in the league and expect him to do well.  Not the pass catcher Dobbins was but expect him to be better this year."
""
I’ll have what you’re having.
r/Ravens been smoking crack lately
His vision is so bad man.  His also super hesitant too as a runner and not in a good way.
Lol we went from this man not making the team before the Dobbins injury to people thinking he’s going to break out. Hill has zero vision won’t see the field hardly at all besides special teams and as the occasional change the pace
" Nah, he’s prob gonna get exactly as much playing time as he did last year and the year before that"
I'll also have what you're having.
He'll be lucky to stay on the roster the full season.  RBs who run from contact have no chance.
Guys I think he means covid breakout
And I'm going to win the lottery tomorrow
"I don't care if he has a breakout year, but I hope it's for some other team. Fuck him and his anti-vax bullshit. He and his kind are *dangerous*, using their celebrity (very minor celebrity, in his case) to discourage people from acting sensibly. I want him gone.

edit: Judging by my inbox compared to what's actually appearing on the page, the mods here are doing an unbelievable job protecting the sub from trash. Thanks, fellas!"
I never thought he was very good. Every time he’s on the field I feel nothing notable happens.
I liked justice hill as much as the next man but these tales are getting more delusional by the day
This aged well...rip
This is my first season not having cable tv (Verizon/Comcast). I have a HD antenna and was able to watch all the pre season games. Are the MNF and SNF  games broadcast on a local channel I'll get with the antenna?
"You'll be fine for SNF, it's on NBC channel 11. All Thursday night football games (not sure if we have any) are also broadcast locally so you'll be fine there too. Monday Night Football on ESPN is the one that fucks the fans without cable. For those, your best bets are a bar, a free trial for Hulu Live tv, or a website like bilas port dot net or dud estream dot com."
You can watch the Ravens MNF game without cable it’ll be on one of the local channels
Nflbite.com
"MNF local games will be on ABC

SNF games will be on NBC

TNF will probably be on NBC, but might not be locally cast"
you can watch 80% of the games with a wire clothes hanger attached to your tv's coaxial port 😂
Just google illegal streams dawg
"Streaming is an option as well, if it becomes a hassle"
Does anyone know if the Ravens v Raiders week one MMF match will be on ABC? I’ve seen it listed as ESPN/ABC so I wasn’t sure if they simulcasting it or not. Critical because I will be in a cabin with no wifi and only a tv with antenna.
"Slap Kodi on an Amazon Firestick and get ""The Endzone"" app on it. I moved out of market and the only rare issues I've had with it was because of my internet provider sucking, not the app."
"I did a partial cord cut. I pay for internet and the cheapest tv package that gives me the channels i want but i dont rent any of their equipment other than a cable card. i even bought a verizon fios router to avoid having to rent that. i use the cable card in a hd tuner called the hd homerun prime which injects the tv into a plex server i have on my network. then any device that can install a plex app or access a web browser can become a tv. the bonus is if i go on vacation with my family or have to travel for work, i can watch my home tv channels as long as i have internet to access my plex account. since most tv's in my house have a apple tv/roku/amazon fire tv stick/etc i can have up to 3 tv's running at a time off a single tuner and it keeps my verizon bill under 140ish. if its not painful apparent from this spewing of bullshit, im an IT nerd :o"
"If you want a DVR too, I use a FireTV Recast Box (Amazon), which not only lets you record OTA programs, but you can also watch them on any smart device or TV with a fire stick."
Does anyone use Hulu Live TV? Any Thoughts?
"If you’re fine with watching the games on mobile or a tablet, just download the yahoo sports app and use it to stream the games on TV"
One of the broadcast channels picks up every local game so you're fine.
I use an app on android that compiles all of the streams for all NFL and ncaa games. I have never not been able to watch a game on a good lag free stream. Dofu sports in the play store. A short ad in the beginning and there is almost always a YouTube link that works perfect
"If you are local, I suggest Youtube TV. Thats really the only reason I got it was for the local channels. Its like $65/month and you need high speed internet connection."
I have YouTube TV and I don't miss cable.
"NBC yes. Now if you saw all the preseason games, are you in the Baltimore market?

We get into a few conflicts sometimes here in the Harrisburg market with home games where WHP (CBS 21) will take the Steelers game over the Ravens game. 

If you're in Baltimore, you'll get every game. Every other market gets a little more complicated."
"you can get a roku or fire tv and download locast thatll have all the local stuff, also sling"
"Streameast.live
Chromecast it lol"
"Reddit streams baby, didn’t do me wrong when I was cableless or living in Texas"
Definitely going to the bank for that. I can’t remember them ever doing that but I feel like that’s an awesome idea!
Didnt know they did that
What
"I wish.
I will be on an airplane somewhere between Baltimore and Atlanta."
"Edit: Damn, I guess the question should have been HOF instead of Mt Rushmore

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pgmh2i)"
"If the day comes, that will single handedly be the greatest day of my life. One I’ll never forget simply because of the hate Lamar gets. I’ll cry."
"He does not need a Super Bowl to get in, he'll get in eventually, the question is who does he replace."
"He is the only mvp we ever had. If he wins a superbowl, and puts together a few more good seasons, absolutely. If we wins a superbowl and a 2nd MVP in his career, I think he is in the hall of fame. Remember the hall of fame is not all about stats. Lamar is a generational dude. There has never been anyone like him. The most exciting player I have ever seen."
If he has a few more seasons similar to the last two and never wins a sb he will still be one of the best players in league history
No doubt. Even if he never wins a Super Bowl the record-breaking offenses are to be remembered.
"We have 4, maybe 5 hall of famers. QBs obviously get some sort of bump and a super bowl would be great, but I’m not bumping a hall of famer for a non hall of famer. This conversation doesn’t begin for a number of years."
"It's kinda ridiculous that people put him there now, I think if he continues it and at least makes it to a super bowl he will definitely be up there. But right now I'd say he's at best 6th and it's ridiculous to put him over guys that had careers of greatness, not just two seasons."
No way. He’s still got a ways to go
He'd really have F up badly to not be on the Mt. Rushmore of Ravens.  The highlight reel in 3 years of being a starter is ridiculous not to mention how generally well liked he is not only in BAL but around the league.
"Lamar is already the only MVP the Ravens have ever had. He’s already in the ring of honor, if you ask me."
"By the time he's done, he'll have so many championships and MVP trophies, he'll be on the Mt. Rushmore of the NFL and just not the Ravens."
100%
"For those saying he already he is, if he retired tomorrow, would he be ahead of any one of: Ray Lewis, Ed Reed, Joe Flacco, Justin Tucker, Terrell Suggs, Jonathan Ogden… we’ve been spoiled. He’s great but needs another couple of years to be one of those top 4 guys."
"Mt Rushmore: Not yet. 75, 52, 20 are not up for debate. The last one is likely either Suggs or Yanda if a player, maybe Ozzie if admin. Lamar needs to make the HoF at a minimum to get slot #4.

ROH: Yep, that'll do.

HoF: Not yet, will still need more success. See Terrell Davis as the absolute minimum (7 seasons, 3 of which were 50% or less due to injury)."
No.  He needs more longevity and the ring to get it.
"I think its safe to say he's the most *talented* offensive player in Ravens history already. A SB win would put him right up there, if not just outside because he doesn't have the longevity just yet"
Too early.
"This is a crazy thing to say, but I think he’s already there. Even considering the super bowl run, I think I already cherish the 2.5 seasons of Lamar more than Flacco’s entire career. Like, even if Lamar never wins a title, the thrill of watching him every single week has been a transformative experience for me as a fan of the Ravens, an experience I don’t think many people have had ever with most teams, despite (in many cases) the level of finish the team experiences.

I may get flamed for even saying it. I just… I think the “never knowing what is even possible on a football field week to week”-ness of Lamar is something that nobody, really, except for maybe like warriors fans with Steph Curry has experienced in the last 10-15 years of sports. I never thought Ed Reed could be replaced on my all time Ravens list, but… I think Lamar did it. And I think it happened only like a dozen games into his career. The Mount Rushmore of Ravens for me is Reed, Suggs, and a toss up between J Lewis and R Lewis for the last spot… but at this point I think Lamar’s already number one with a massive, massive bullet.

But that’s just for my own subjective Mount Rushmore I guess."
For me Flacco is there too so Lamar would definitely be there for sure.
"Mine is:

Tucker, Lewis, Reed, and Ogden."
"I think he’s outside of it rn, but if he wins a title, he definitely would jump into a spot. Especially with an MVP and his record as a starter"
If he's next to Joe
"He doesn’t need a superbowl to get in imo but it would lock up his spot. The top 3 are locked up, 4th spot could be argued for a bunch of players. If lamar continues the pace he’s on now and plays here for at least 10-12 years he has a serious argument even without the superbowl. Being the only MVP in franchise history holds a lot of weight."
"If he continues to play at the level he is currently, yes, without a doubt. But with only two FULL seasons under his belt, it's way too early to say.

Even if he won a SB THIS year, and completely fizzled out after, I'd say no."
"If he wins a superbowl yes. But he's still too young to pass Lewis, Reed, Ogden and Suggs (or Yanda)."
"The Mt. Rushmore? Mmm I dunno. You need spots for Sizzle, Lewis, Reed, JO. He wins it, he could easily just run for mayor."
"Ravens Mt Rushmore in 2050: Justin Tucker, Lamar Jackson, Justin Tucker, Justin Tucker"
Can I just say not yet?
"I have a bit of a different view on the Mount Rushmore. It’s guys who shaped the team through its beginning and adolescence. I’m pretty set on 52, 20, 75, 5. With 55 as the Crazy Horse. If Lamar were to leave today, he would be still be up there for all time Ravens, but not a top guy. Luckily there doesn’t seem to be any chance of that happening, and I believe that he will have his own monument similar, yet distinct from the Mount Rushmore"
"I think he’d half to be here for his career to be in the Mt Rushmore. If that happened + a SB victory then absolutely. But gotta be here for majority of his career to unseat a Ray, JO, Reed, Ozzie, or Suggs, etc. that’s just my opinion tho"
"An argument can be made that he's on Mt. Rushmore now. He's the only Ravens QB to be League MVP. He owns the single season rushing record by a QB and led one of the best offenses in NFL history in 2019. I mean really, out of QBs, Flacco was really the first franchise QB we had that wasn't bad lol."
Lol at the no’s
""
"Hey Guys, Ravens fan here, just want to let you know what kind of player you are getting! This guy is a Dawg, scratch that, DAWG. He can set the edge, rush the passer, and is a great locker room guy. He has quick powerful hands, great power, and has been known to stay after practice working with young guys on their craft. May not want to mic him up (lol), but he is the perfect kind of vet for a team like the Ravens. When he played for us on the Ravens, he was huge for us in big games, stepped up in the playoffs, sets a tone, and was a key piece in our superbowl rotation. May need to manage his snap count, he is definitely up there in age, but he can still be a key piece in a good pass rush. You guys are gonna love him!"
"Wink wink and he's back. 

McPhee was huge for us vs Tennessee. He's still got it and a great vet presence. Not to mention we can rotate talent with him and Houston."
Let’s Go!
Oooh weeee
I think I can speak for everyone when I say I am utterly shocked
[My reaction in threads like this](https://i.imgur.com/xKn0Amo.gifv)
BIG TRUZZZZZZZ
I am whelmed
LFG!!!!!!
🙏🏻
Love it!
This man shut down Derrick Henry
Thank Christ.
Ooh my god I’m so surprised!
""
"> I told him I live in Chicago but was born and lived in Baltimore for some time. He asked where in Baltimore. I told him Towson.

Lol @ that."
The Sammy Watkins paragraph got me
"> Lotta quarterbacks talk a big game about getting COVID, but Lamar Jackson walks the walk. He’s 100 percent dedicated to it. He’s the first player on the ventilator and the last one off.

Ok that’s good chatter."
"I used to really like these and looked forward to the Ravens one every year, but they’ve gotten really stale. You’re pretty much guaranteed to see comments in every edition about:
-	Ravens fans and the city of Baltimore having a massive chip on their shoulder.
-	A dig on purple camo pants.
-	Casual racism and far-right politics from the fanbase.
-	Did you know former Ravens linebacker Raymond Anthony Lewis, Jr. is a murderer?

I did enjoy the line about Derrick Henry living in our heads rent free, the digs on Lamar being an anti-vaxxer, and the poop game. It just feels like Magary recycles a lot of stuff year to year now."
"That map of BWI made me angry. As a GIS Analyst, it made me livid."
">and wizard-ass-named JK Dobbins is already hurt

lol okay I feel bad for laughing at this one. Feel better soon JK"
"Sometimes funny, very corny. Pretty much what I expected."
That was kinda funny no lie
"
Whenever this team loses in the playoffs, they put on an offensive display that makes the Jets look like a fireworks factory.

I'm dying haha

Also the last bit about being a fetal position during the 2nd quarter of a Jags game. Guarantee he's referring to 2011 against the Jags where we got to 4th & 43 after a -8 yard pass from Joe Flacco... caught by Joe Flacco. 

I remember it like it was yesterday..."
"I'll give it credit for, for once, not leading with a Ray Lewis murder joke. 

Beyond that... meh, its just a constant stream of unfunny and frequently wrong (Trace McSorley is our backup?) trash talk.  

Honestly r/NFL post-game threads are usually good for better banter and jokes than this lazy nonsense. And thats a low fucking bar."
"Man I forgot all about Drew Magary. Loved him in my 20's but realized a couple years ago that he's literally just a professional troll out in the open. Every word he types about every topic is shit talk. Sorta like Bill Simmons - the mailbag was gold to me, but it just gets to a point where you're like OKAY DUDE I GET YOUR SCHTICK."
"Why your website sucks?

You make me sign up to see your website."
"> I don’t even live in Maryland anymore but if I meet another Ravens fan they’ll make sure to let me know how it’s such a shame that Baltimore is going to hell even though they live all the way out in Carroll County.

THIS. So many people shit on Bmore even though they haven’t been to the city in years. We know the city sucks, but only people who live here get to speak from experience"
"> The Ravens are going to blow the last possible year they could win a Super Bowl with Lamar because they think running the ball 50 times a game is mixing it up as long as you do motion before the snap.

😂😂 nailed it"
"Eh. These are never really entertaining for any team. Even low hanging fruit like Lamar and Covid they choke away an easy homerun on. It would be funny if they got someone to make fun of the city who, you know, actually knew something about it and didn't just reference pop culture from the area.  It's not Baltimore's fault the only thing some low rent sports writers know about Baltimore is the wire takes place here. Any Baltimorean knows there are plenty of things to trash the city about, and plenty of them are ripe for humor.

At least for once they didn't lean into ""ray Lewis is a murderer"" like they have every previous year since doing this, like that joke wasn't as stale enough as it is without beating it to death for a decade"
"I feel like I need to make an OP to give some much needed insight on this article, since people are butthurt about it.

Drew Magary is a former columnist for Deadspin who has been doing this feature for many years.

He does this for all 32 teams, including his own (he’s a Vikings fan).

For those of you who say this is lazily written or he doesn’t know the team. THAT’S THE POINT! It even says at the top of the article that this is meant for everyone who is NOT a Ravens fan.

It’s basically a take on all of the lazy, low hanging jokes that are made about the Ravens by fans of other teams."
"> I hope Larry Hogan gets hit by an oncoming cement mixer.

This dude knows Bmore lol. Hogan sucks."
Well that was a rage inducing article
Guess the vaccine jokes are outdated already.
"> This defense had a middling pass rush a year ago. It’s only gotten worse. Baltimore’s former mayor just got sentenced to three years by doing fraud with her own children’s book.

The unnecessary reference to Pugh lmao I love it"
"> This is a fucking pothole of a town. The most forgettable city on the Eastern Seaboard, famous only for its cops being a noticeable tick more disgusting than other cops. The coolest thing about Baltimore is the really big mound of salt I see while driving past it on 95.

The accuracy tho"
"> This team managed to get one of the most electrifying talents in a generation and proceeded to surround him with Nerf guns as weapons.

Pretty accurate tbh"
"> You said it before and it still rings true: Baltimore is shittier Philly. More crime, more drugs, more vacant/run down houses AND higher rent. You’re paying for the People who come to the city and make a Wire reference are at least 35 and only come for the inner harbor, tell their friends that ‘it’s exactly like the show!’, have vanilla sex with a partner who hates them and didn’t vote because ‘neither candidate appealed to them’.

Oddly specific but also not wrong"
Great read love it
"Die hard Ravens fan, that was hilarious. Good share"
Drew is always on point because the truth is all the nfl teams suck in some ways. He’s equally hard on his own team (Vikings).
Who is y'all's favorite Rookie who made the 53? Mine has to be Hayes. That is a boy who is going to bleed purple for life and I think is going to be the teams next Sizzle.
Odafe Oweh...
Brandon Stephens is my guy.
Tylan Wallace. Nothing gets me going more than a late round receiver
Ardarious Washington is definitely mine.
"Hayes seems like an awesome guy, great leader and personality. He is so well spoken for a man his age as well, def looking forward to his career in broadcasting when he hangs up the cleats as well! Doesn’t hurt that he a lifelong Raven fan :)"
Ben Cleveland. I am an offensive line kinda guy through and through and I just think when he gets some experience under his belt he is going to just be an absolute mauler.
Nice to see people are excited for a lot of different players
"Hayes! Looking like he could produce as a rotational guy pretty quickly. Not bad for a fifth round rookie.

Plus he grew up a Ravens fan."
Ar'Darius Washington for becoming our first undrafted rookie to make the 53 since the streak ended
"Always enjoyed offense over defense, so Bateman. 

Not sure how I survived as a Ravens fan for so long lol."
Justin Houston lol jkjk Bateman all day
"Stephens, solely because this sub was so irate at the pick."
Can I pick two? I'm rooting hard for Stephens and Hayes.
Ben Cleveland and it isn't even close. Always been an OL guy and I see him as our next Yanda both in skill and personality. I just wish he wasn't out almost all of the preseason with a concussion.
i met and got a picture with daelin hayes at the state fair last week. he was a super nice guy
Bateman for me. Excited for all of them tbh though.
Rashod Bateman!
"I loved all our picks honestly except the Ben Mason pick which made no sense.

But most excited to see Odafe Oweh, Rashod Bateman, and Tylan Wallace"
"Oweh, Hayes and Stephens. Oh, Bateman and Cleveland too! Heck this is hard."
Cleveland
""
"Mentally preparing myself for the ""Sike! It was Justice Hill"""
I suppose it'll have been enough time between getting it a 2nd time and being able to get vaccinated so hopefully this is true!
"She hints at it being LJ. She has good sources - most recently, she broke the news about Houston visiting and signing"
This is great! But I’m confused I thought he had to wait like 60 days to get vaccinated after testing positive.
I hope it was Buck
LFG!!!!!!!
"1. I hope this is true.
2. I hope it's Llama. 
3. I hope it's sung from the rooftops. B/c I guaran-fucking-tee there are Ravens fans out there that will take this as the final straw to go get the jabs themselves. 

Inb4 ""Football players are not role models"". Yeah, I know, whatever, this will save lives."
Soon it will be time to make fun of Kirk
"I'm skeptical, but I really hope this is true."
"Good. Now we can stop calling my boy stupid. That was very upsetting to me.

Edit: Also sidenote but wonder what convinced him. Him getting educated after his IG post, peer pressure, Cam getting cut, FDA approval, etc? But better late than never"
It has to be Ray Lewis
The NFL Chick always has a good ear to the streets.
"Lamar thank you for listening to reason, people make mistakes."
👀👀👀😈😈😈
The team needs to hit 100% for it to truly matter. Hopefully Lamar getting it convinces the few guys left to do it
It was probably Rob Ryan
"GUYS

>According to a source Lamar Jackson did in fact get vaccinated today. Good news for the Ravens/Lamar/Ravens fans 🚨🚨

[https://twitter.com/Willpa11/status/1433514695978360837?s=20](https://twitter.com/Willpa11/status/1433514695978360837?s=20)"
Vaxxin' Jackson?
Definitely Gus
So who is left cause I believe Ravens are above 90%.
Cite yo damn source street
Thank goodness if true
I am praying it's Lamar Jackson! This is a resourceful tweeter too.
🧲🚪
Plz say it’s LJ 👀👀👀
"Hopefully it’s Lamar so I can rock his Jersey to the raider game. If not, Reed jersey it is"
Lmaooo 🤦🏾‍♂️
"If this is true thank god, if Lamar gets it a third time and isn’t vaxxed who knows the long term affects."
Legit this would make so happy
"why is this news

ffs doctors and scientists that have studied epidemiology for decades have touted the efficacy of these vaccines. I had my doubts but I deferred to people who are smarter and better educated on this subject that i am. i didn't ""do my research"", someone else did that shit for me."
"Vague statements, and refuses to clarify.  This doesn’t seem worth the time to share."
It was me
This would be neat if true because so did I.
Someone needs to photoshop a band-aid on Llama's arm in the sidepanel.
I'd also be happy if it turns out to be the Gus Bus.
Lamar’s redemption story
Hope it’s the main guy 👀
About two diagnoses too late... but all good.
Surely this will prevent future infections!
""
[removed]
How many of you are going to Vegas for the Ravens Raider game? What events are going down for Ravens fans?
I’ll be there!
I will be there ready to go!
I am flying out early Sunday (landing just after 9 am) with the intention of watching and betting on that day's games with friends from LV and LA.  Still sorting out the plan for Monday before the game.
I'm not going to the cesspool of Delta Variant delinquents that is Las Vegas.
122k members and none of y’all are going to the game?
"In spirit, I will be there…. I’m not dying or anything I just can’t afford the trip."
"Had to cancel my trip due to the wife's work schedule changing. Its a bummer. But on the other hand, no longer need to pay $1000+ each for tickets plus flight, hotel, food and drinks. Gonna be a wonderful Monday night on the couch. Enjoy your trip!"
I had to pass and I had tickets good tickets for I think 600. (Buddy has season tickets)
My heart is traveling to Vegas for sure.
Moved from MD to NV 4 years ago and a friend of a friend had season tickets he was willing to sell. Ima be there in full ravens gear let’s go!
I'll be there.
""
"I like it, so it’s legit"
[deleted]
According to several media reports he got the first shot today
ill wait for someone like jeff to report it but fuck I hope so.
~~Anti~~ Vaxxin’ Jackson!
"Are these ""several media reports"" actually just 2 tweets? One from a pseudo-reliable source and another from a guy with 3,000 followers? That's all I can find about it."
My guy.
He saw what the Patriots did to Cam lol
24 HOURS !!!! 24 CANDLES !!! YEEAAUGHHH
"Went to the tweet through BR, so many comments were people pissed off because of it. Like people aren’t happy he got it (if he did) and I just can’t with the world. If someone doesn’t want to get it because its “their personal choice” then shouldn’t you be okay with someone getting it and making a uh, oh I don’t know, a personal choice? People these days man."
Source? I couldn't find anything...
"As a Bronco who fucking loves your QB, I fucking hope so. Wan Lamar!"
The Vax got Lamar'd
Fucking finally
LFG
This does put a smile on my face
"Man, I hope this is true."
"As a Titans fan, I’m happy for y’all. I know our teams have beef, but Lamar’s awesome and I’d hate to see y’all go down in the playoffs because of a COVID outbreak"
"I'm still upset by the fact that he waited this long, Like the second dose can hit you pretty hard and being in the middle of the season can affect his play in a few weeks."
"If true, I'm glad he got it, but timing the second dose is going to be tricky at this point. It tends to take you out of action for a few days so he's going to have to get it during a week when there isn't much going on. Maybe the bye week?"
way to go lamar. welcome to the club baby. now get the 2nd shot and then have a kick ass season.
LETSFUCKINGOO lets see what the media new narrative is now
VaxXxn Jackson
About time.
"Hopefully, the same thing occur\[s/red\] with Gus 'The Bus' & the rest (e.g. Justice Hill, et al.)."
"Thank god. Him potentially getting sick is concerning. Yea we want a good season, but his health & everyone else’s health is the most important part"
"Team player, unlike some bonehead qb’s"
"Uh oh I hope his head don't fall off! 

Jk...fully vaccinated here and glad to hear it."
"Thank fuck, but it shouldn't have taken this long jfc."
Thank you Lord! I'm sure the several media reports really means 'NFL Chick' right?
"YOOOO

Is this confirmed now??"
That's nice! I'm starting to worry that he may not be able to play in some cities because states are starting to require vaccines. I think he would not have been able to play in Buffalo  ifwe meet them there again given the mandates in NY.
LaVax Jaskson
Thank goodness.
good
Those 100% vaccinated teams are the real winners of this offseason - hopefully we can join the club.
[deleted]
Thank God you people will finally shut up about it now.
[removed]
[removed]
Better be true!  Still mad at him for waiting so long and being dumb about it.
seem to remember a lot of haters a month ago
"Do you have a link to either of these ""media reports""?"
"Could it be because of this?

**[Lamar Jackson, Josh Allen, and unvaccinated QBs could cost their teams $2.5m per game](https://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/nfl/lamar-jackson-josh-allen-and-unvaccinated-qbs-could-cost-their-teams-2425m-per-game/ar-AANOZiB)**"
"Damn, now I gotta return my custom Florida Man #8 jersey"
""
It’s a joke. He and Vrabel bust on each other all the time.
"
Tom Brady has absolutely zero chill lol

(🎥 @Buccaneers) 

***

posted by [@TJenkinsTampa](https://twitter.com/TJenkinsTampa)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1433422674785492995/pu/pl/VZmZgL9ipRScxiBY.m3u8?tag=12&container=fmp4) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
There's rumblings but no official word yet
"While he doesn't have to say either way, ffs I sure hope he did. Not only can he get it again, if he's in close contact having the shot means less down time for him."
"A friend of my cousins was the one who vaccinated him, it’s true"
I really fucking hope so.  Lamar getting vaxxed would really help this team get to 100%
"If he got the Moderna vaccine, than he should get the second shot right after a game day. I was all achy and felt bad the whole next day, but that's as long as it lasted. If he is going to feel that way after a physical game anyway, than that is what I would suggest."
We don't know.
Hope he did. I have a feeling they might not want to confirm it because they don’t want to piss off the antivaxxers. Fuck those idiots.
"If he is, I'm thrilled and happy. I doubt this will be a team announcement other than asking the man himself or watching how he adheres to the protocols, either as an unvaccinated player or vaccinated..."
{RAVENS NATION} fb group in shambles lol
Just asking cause i want to attend my first ravens game but i have a problem where I’m farting a lot and I don’t want to get Kicked out or banned. Any info thanks
Wtf is this post 😂😂
Its loud as hell and it's in open space. You should be fine as long you dont full-on shit yourself.
This is the type of content I’ve been waiting for! The season is almost here!
You're allowed to fart up to 15 times per quarter.
Deny it.
The seat fart collectors can hold a total of 15 Farts per quarter as mentioned by u/boofoodoo after that point the collection system will send a beacon signal to the fart police ( they don’t like to be called that) they will then escort you to a pay phone with the number for Odell Beckham Junior programmed in.
Every decibel counts.
MODS ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS LOL
You are dragged at midfield and executed on the spot
"Yes.. you would get kicked out. We are very much so “anti-methane” so you and your stank ass would get thrown into a large, clear ball that resembles a hamster ball but human-sized.

Once the ball is sealed and you are relatively secured in place, we will push the ball to the 50 yard line and Justin Tucker will kick you over them there mountains.

Thanks for checking."
Just go when we play Shitsburg and you’ll fit right in.
mods DO NOT DELETE THIS
Actual Shitpost
Yes. Grow up and fart the appropriate amount of times per game.
Straight to jail.
They sell ravens butt plugs at the entrance
"Don't go to an Os game. I heard its 1,2,3 farts you're out at the old ballgame"
"No if you fart once at all the security will immediately drag you out of the building, take you out back, and let a 21 man firing squad take you out."
Exactly the opposite actually. If you see an opposing fan in your section you are legally required to fart on them. If it's a Steelers or Browns fan you have to fart on them twice. State law. They check. Don't expect to keep your season tickets without presenting your proof of flatulence.
You let a little out at a time like Andy Dusfrene in the prison yard.
"Tonight on WJZ we have an interesting story, M&T Bank stadium had to evacuate one of the upper level end zones due to a man who was passing gas at such an alarming rate it was causing other fans to become violently ill. It was terrible folks!"
Unlimited farting allowed when playing Cleveland. Open Brown Out policy.
Only if you don't cup it and share with your neighbors. Don't be a jerk.
Who’s mans is this 😂😂😂
"Hell of a first post on Reddit, I'm sure this is real...

  
P.S. If your gonna do it, might as well try and sit next to some opposing fans and blame it on them."
The off season content is getting wild
"Please avoid farting at the bank. Instead, take your farts to Heinz. I hear they love farts there."
Sounds more like a Browns fan
Treat it like an airplane and let err rippp
This is the funniest shit I’ve seen all week
This might fall under DONT BE A JERK moto
😂😂😂😂
Ew it’s Mr. Stinky pants.
"Lol, you telling us your going to make the entire section puke or something?"
"We generally are unfriendly to Stealers fans, so. yeah, probably"
I was playing DnD with some friends and learned that one of the guys they grew up playing with had a similar issue. They bought these like...pads for butts that will dampen the stank. So I mean. That's an option for you.
Your best bet is to go to the browns game and wear orange and brown. If your farts smell everyone will just assume that is your natural odor and be nice enough to not complain.
Only if ur a Browns fan 💩🧻
"I dunno man, at every game they say, 

“Have fun, root hard, show respect for the fans around you- but, DON’T FART”"
Hahahahaha
Depends? How close are your seats to the Steelers sideline?
I love this.
Best. Post. Ever.
"What the hell is wrong with you, it’s an outdoor stadium. Are you a got dayum idiot"
Nigga what 😂😂😂
Can't be any worse than seeing a game in Cleveland
"There was this really strict substitute teacher with a stern Amish upbringing in my middle school. He sent a kid who kept farting to the principal's office. 

In fairness the kid was definitely doing it on purpose (he had a massive reservoir of farts somehow), but it seemed wrong to actually do it."
"Yes, you would get flagged and tossed out of the game, for the opposite of holding."
M&T Bank stadium is pretty cool about it but I have been kicked out of a handful of other stadiums for it. Did you see the video of that fight at the Rams preseason game? They are not cool with farts in LA.
This is so funny
"If you’re a crappy fan, probably not."
"Don’t we have to wear masks still? If so, I doubt anyone would smell it"
It's OK as long as you are sitting by the visitors bench.
Only if the farts are followed by a pant full of yellow and gold shit. Otherwise no.
Lamar Jackson himself will publicly execute you
Yes and also you would be publicly executed
they’ll drag you out on the field and shoot you
Fuck off
You better have your Beano Vaccine.
Umm…yes? Wait no!
I think they have medication for that
Sharting is not allowed
They sell butt-masks that come with face-masks.
""
Do you do commission work?
Honestly kinda insane how much it looks just like him
Never forget the game the Steelers d-line literally chewed off Lamar’s left hand
A painting that would make Michaelangelo jealous
Fire
[deleted]
"Aint even going to lie, the way you wrote the team name looks dope actually"
Fuck I need this on a T shirt asap
Great photo you took! What camera do you use?
Fake. No bandaid where his shot went.
he only has one hand and a stump?
""
Nice
That’s a beauty
Who dat? Lewis Ray?
"Hey guys longish time reader 1st time poster, GO RAVENS!!! I'm looking to get into a ff league if anyone has any openings before the season starts. 2 of the 3 leagues I play in have folded this year and I'm just looking to scratch an itch. I can do paid leagues up to $75 maybe 100 if ya push me haha. Please lmk here or otherwise if I can slip in somewhere. Thanks for reading and lmk how ya feel about the ravens this year if nothing else."
r/findaleague
[deleted]
[deleted]
I appreciate the good news but this topic has been posted like 4 times already including this tweet exactly
"According to a source Lamar Jackson did in fact get vaccinated today. Good news for the Ravens/Lamar/Ravens fans 🚨🚨 @Lj_era8

***

posted by [@Willpa11](https://twitter.com/Willpa11)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[deleted]
"We finally find the secret to beating Mahomes, and we blow them out week 2"
[deleted]
Gus has a top 5 rb season and gets a lot of hype around his name
The chiefs will not be the #1 seed and won’t make it past the divisional round
"Marlo leads the league in picks and forced fumbles, and wins DPOY"
"We gonna sign Peyton barber

Edit: I lied"
Lamar throws over 3500 yards
[removed]
This my first year watching football and my first year as a ravens fan I hope this season is great. I hope to learn a lot even though I only know a handful of things about football 😂
Welcome aboard
"Awesome! Should be a good season

Let us know if you have any questions

Who’s your favorite player?"
Welcome to the [flock](https://youtu.be/G1qjiI54zRs)!
"Just a warning, the game threads are immediate reactions to what is happening, they can be very reactionary LOL"
That's cool! Welcome! How did you get into football/ the Ravens?
Welcome to the flock 💜🖤💛
Welcome to the Flock! Where are you joining from?
I know MNF is an ESPN product and will be broadcast on ESPN. I was wondering if anyone knows whether it will be simulcast on ABC? On ESPN’s website I think it says ESPN/ABC so I was really hoping it will be broadcast on ABC as well. Does anyone know one way or the other? Thanks!
"It will broadcast on your local channel.  If you are out of the market, it will not air unless you have ESPN.  Unless something has changed, that is how it has worked for the last 10 or so years since ESPN got the Monday broadcast."
""
"Can we all take a moment to appreciate a rarely remembered beast of Baltimore: Rob Burnett?    


He didn't have eye-popping numbers over his career, part of which is because he played on some truly horrific defenses. But he was solid left defensive end who could rush the pass and defend the run."
"First, but it wouldn’t be the last 😏

That 2000 defense started off with a bang…"
Damn. Week 2 bye weeks back in the day? If that was anyone but the Steelers I would feel bad for them.
This years going to be two more belee that !
that first hit would be roughing the passer today
"My memory of that and this clip don't even come close to matching up.  That clip looks and sounds so dated and like it is so old, but I swear it wasn't that long ago."
[removed]
[removed]
Wrong sub ya dumb yinzer
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
"Not that the Ravens are looking for another WR, but I wonder if he had good chemistry with Lamar at Louisville..."
Kinda pathetic when the recent draft pick they're most proud of is a girl puncher who spit in a HoFers face.
This brings me joy
"Pretty funny, Ravens fans flip out when we cut 5th round pick Ben Mason. Look at how bad it could actually be"
That’s why they got STOMPED.
"Poverty franchise from dogshit state making dumbass decisions, what else is new."
I like him
[deleted]
[removed]
""
I’ll never forget the tweet saying they were treating the Dolphins worse than Sea World.
"Also, don't forget 38-6 in 2016 ;)"
Fuck Kiko Alonso
I’m going to Miami for this one
We’ve absolutely owned the Dolphins in recent years
Anyone remember the dolphins 07 season?
"Is it worse to lose 59-10, or 40 to NOTHING!?"
"[Stolen from](https://www.reddit.com/r/miamidolphins/comments/nbknf6/when_you_see_the_ravens_back_on_the_schedule/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) r/miamidolphins

Credit u/threeisaMA"
I was at both of those games and what a fucking blast it is to play the dolphins.
"Lol

I remember Hollywood catching like an 80
Yard pass 2 seasons ago on the first play of the season

Broward boyz bang"
"I’ll be there, anyone else going down for the game? We usually have a solid Ravens contingent anytime we play in Miami."
I’ve been saying it for years the ravens are the dolphins daddies
Dolphin Slaughter 2021: Primetime Edition
Came to hear the bragging about slaughtering the fins and got a great dose of Ravens history. Thanks all 👍
Lmao this is great
"I’m so glad someone else posted about this and feels the same way. Can’t wait to skull fuck them again.

Fuck Kiko Alonso, fuck 2007, and fuck the Dolphins."
"Gonna be a hell of a game and dont be sleeping, this aint the same team that the Ravens played against those two times"
Don’t jinx it
👉👈👀
""
They already have Snead and Yannick for that. It has been a while since peanut was here. I think Snead even came out and said the team sat him down for a sort of intelligence gathering. Why can't they all be as loyal as Weddle?
"Peanut hasn’t been on our squad in almost 3 years. He doesn’t know anything about our current playbook, and probably barely remembers most from 3 years ago"
I don’t think there’s much Peanut could give them that isn’t on tape.
Wut
Does it matter what intelligence they gather through Peanut? Come on man!
"Raiders do reportedly have a not so great LB group so maybe they are looking for help but my conspiracy theory senses say they spent most of the time talking ""strategy.""

Source: https://twitter.com/AaronWilson_NFL/status/1433624686550831110"
"Nah we have Josh Bynes and Blake Gallagher? on our practice squad. Think they have 2 spots one which'll be a RB. 

From what I remember peanut wasn't happy about his playing time and left unhappy, doubt he'd be doing scouting work to return and not play for us."
""
This is why I come to Reddit
This meme doesn't bode too well for Queen or Clark....
This is amazing. 10/10
This is my favorite thing to come out of this sub
IS THAT A JOJO REFERENCEEEEE
lol
What the hell did I just watch
I love this in every single way
This is gold 😂
"So, our defense is gonna get killed this season? 🥲"
Lmao… seeing these GIFs let’s me know the season is here!
this is sick
This is genius
Wtf is this lol
This was tuff ash
"Ok so I gotta know, who's Iggy (Fool) and Polnariff (Chariot)?"
So who is DIO in this scenario?
"Fucking fantastic!

Please make this a weekly thing!"
Ceasar Dobbins….   Lamar: CEAASSAAAARRRRRR!!!!
"This reminds me, I need to start thinking of what I'm going to do for the annual Ravens-Chiefs gif war coming up in a little over a week."
This made my day
lol this is great
"JoJoxRavens 

I’m in heaven"
"Nothing else could've gotten me more hyped

Edit: I shared this in my discord for my friends, and as I sent it, walk like an Egyptian came on my coworkers radio. Wtf."
"Oh shit, we can do weeb OC in here? This changes everything"
This is fucking hilariously awesome.
Ravens x Jojo is perfect
this was a quality post OP
This is unbelievable
The crossover I didn’t know I needed
""
_“Why drive a Rolls-Royce when you can drive a Bus?”                                Dwight Shrute is a character in the film Dwight Shrute
Would be for RB3 if it went through. I'm assuming that Hill's injury is being annoying and you want to carry 3 RB. I've heard he was a pass catching back.
"Now with perfect hindsight, it seems like we could have traded McCrary for Freeman straight up.

But perhaps we are only now interested in him after we got Boykin and Bateman on IR and could possibly get Hill there as well."
Yes
"I guess I was just thinking of all the RB's to go after, why Royce? I remember Denver drafting him and I thought he was gonna be so good but Phillip Lindsay quickly became their main guy. But if anything it shows we are definitely looking to add a little depth at the position after losing Mccrary."
Moor point but I suppose this means we are still looking for pass catching RB. Just hope we don’t panic and grab Gurley or some other has been
[deleted]
r/fantasyfootball
""
"Have to imagine this is just a move to upgrade depth. If we tried to claim Royce Freeman first before signing Gurley, we obviously aren’t looking for a guy that’s going to have a lot of work

Will be really interesting to see how this works with roster spots though - if Gurley directly replaces Ty’son or Hill or if they make room somewhere else"
"wont bother me a bit if they pick him up, its not like he would be coming in to start so anything he gives is gravy"
"Fwiw be posted the exact same thing last month too…

https://twitter.com/tg3ii/status/1426873552234553349?s=21"
Better than Hill. But it would have to be for peanuts
Retweeted by Stanley. Worth keeping an eye on with the Ravens looking to upgrade at the RB2/3 position
"Perfectly fine with the move if it happens, I like what we've seen from Williams in the preseason, but we can't deny rolling with him at RB2 is a total gamble. And I've never hid my opinion on Hill, I don't think he would have made the roster if Dobbins hadn't gotten hurt. Reminds me of when we signed Ricky Williams in 2011, don't need anything substantial from him but if he can just be a serviceable backup then I'm happy."
[deleted]
I know that he has gotten a lot of grief lately but I would love to bring Gurley home with a limited snap count. He can catch and still runs well. He would be great RB 2 to Gus especially in this offense.
🧲🚪
I’d rather have bell because he’s a better receiver and blocker but I’m not mad at it.
"Maybe he can revive his career with us but I'd rather have Penny from Seattle, or even Alex Collins."
"Would’ve been hype if this was still 2018, but depth is depth, so I’d be fine with it"
If he comes here he better not steal a single snap from Gus or Ty’son.  Gurley is completely washed.
Not saying he would be anything special at this point in his career but with the kind of run game we have I think he could do well as a savvy veteran with good hands if used sparingly.
Hate me all you want but Why do we get so many super good stars that are no longer in their prime?
Gurley a Raven?
"Maybe, he's just thanking the Lord?"
Am I crazy that I’d rather have Leveon Bell or neither
"Broken record. Gurley is washed. Washed to the extent Justice Hill >>> Gurley 

Name recognition != Good

Especially for RBs. He was elite then his knees went. Being an NFL RB is a meat grinder."
"Maybe a spot in the practice squad in case we need him because other rb injures, but I don't see him on the roster at the moment"
Id take Gurley would be a cool story to.
If we were going after a veteran I would have preferred Adrian Peterson just for the fact that he would be in the HoF one day. Gurley hasn't averaged 4.0 yards a carry since 2018 but I hope with fewer carries he can settle down and stay healthy.
Gurley still has elite vision and receiving chops.  He has surely lost a few steps but he is not a bad option at all for a committee role.
"If he signs here in whatever capacity (PS or active roster), then I hope he gets to be 'Gurley Thirty' after Chris Westry changes his number. #30 looks goofy on a CB anyway — just ask Marcus Peters, who wore it initially during practice in 2019, but then Brandon Carr took his old #39 from his KC / DAL days, and now 'Juice Man' has rapidly become BAL's best #24 in franchise history!"
"I like him as a bit player but little else, if they did indeed grab him. Hill is more of a special teams guy anyway. Hopefully it doesn’t impact Ty’Son, though. I know it was only preseason, but he looked great."
No thanks
""
"I was browsing the Ravens' Find A Flock map and saw there's a Portland, OR Flock that congregates at Sheridan's 52nd. Is this definitely the spot? I'll be in town for work the week of the MNF opener, so I'd love to watch the game among the west coast flock!"
"I live in WA, two hours away from Portland.  I have heard of them, just never went down there for a game yet.  I suggest you follow this FB page.  They will post updates on there, especially for the upcoming MNF game.  Masks are required and they are trying to figure out if there is going to be limited seating.

https://www.facebook.com/groups/787314154663500/?fref=nf"
"The flock at Sheridans is 100% the spot. I’ve been in town a couple times during the regular season over the years, and gone there and had a great time. They definitely got the vibe for sure. You’ll have a good time. I live in Seattle now and wish there was a consistent flock out here like Portland. I broke down and forked over the cash for Sunday ticket."
Have you checked Portland
Does Portland still exist?
Stay away from Portland! It’s a shit show. 😂
I’d hate to see your group after a bad loss!  No storefront would be safe
HOW BOUT THEM NUGGZ?!?!! LETS GO RAVENSS
Live right across the bridge and had no idea!
"Huge ravens fan, moved from LA and used to go to an awesome ravens bar every Sunday. Any fans out here / locations? Saw nothing on FB/Google. Cheers. Go ravens"
Holy cow I thought I was the only one. Not really any Ravens spots I know of brother and I’m born and raised here
Used to live there back in the day (2012ish). If the Hoppy Monk is still there it’s pretty bangin but not really a sports bar. They had Dogfish 120 min on tap as a special one night when I was there - it was ridiculous
"Fellow border town Ravens fan here, but Laredo."
Hey man I'm a ravens fan here in el paso also looking for a bar let me know if you find on or if you need a game buddy
El Paso Steeler fan here. Get out of my city if you're gonna cheer for the ravens. Cowboys and Raiders fans are okay.
"Hey everyone! Just wondering where all you ravens fans are from and how many of you are from outside the Baltimore area? I'm from Vancouver, Canada myself and became a Ravens fan in 2010 because Suggs, Lewis, and Reed were my favourite players. How about y'all?"
"I'm from finland, and I'm a ravens fan cause they play good football."
Central PA.  Sleeper agent from Steelers territory checking in.
Baltimore
"Texas, but I live in Colorado. I'm a ravens fan because my first name is Raven, I was born in 1996, my favorite color is purple, and when I started getting into football I loved defense."
Harford County
Scotland. Ravens play exciting ball and I love a good defence
"Toronto, everyone come to toby’s on college (our official canadian headquarters) for opening night!"
Australia
Austria - Europe
"WV. Actually a few fans here, even pre-Lamar"
Dublin Ireland
Montgomery County but live in Japan now
Family is from Baltimore. I used to live in Annapolis and moved to Harrisburg PA area. There are too many St*****s fans around here.
Ocean city
"Upvotes for everyone, I love all of my flock from all parts of the world!"
"Born in India, grew up in Baltimore (Reservoir Hill), now live in Richmond, VA"
"Niagara Region, Ontario, Canada. Loved being at the Bill's game in 2019 and being heckled non stop. There were alot of middle fingers when Peter's made the play at the end haha."
"I’m from Birmingham, Alabama. Started following the Ravens in 2008. I picked them over other teams because of the iconic defensive stars just like you did, and I feel so lucky that the team I picked is one of the top tier organizations in the league from top to bottom! 

Like, what if I had picked the Redskins.... I would have been stuck with a shit organization the rest of my life"
"Rio de Janeiro, Brazil! Ravens made me fall in love with the game back in 08"
"From Germany.

The Ravens were one of the 4 teams on the madden 15 demo. By playing that game I learned about football and knew that im gonna be a raven, cause I loved the logo"
Turkey
Montreal!
"Ludwigsburg, Germany"
Anne Arundel
Pittsburgh. Moved from Denver a year ago. Moved from South Central PA before that.
"From Los Angeles, currently in Louisiana"
"Bawduhmore, Merlin born and raised"
"Wisconsin, but i was born in maryland"
"Italy, Rome. I've been a fan since 2013 when I did an exchange year as a student in Florida. Before that year I never watched more than 5 minutes of football.
Reasons I started rooting for the Ravens:
1. Joe Flacco. Italian last name, Italian origins and I liked him

2. I watched the final minutes of the mile high miracle the season before because my dad was randomly watching it and I remembered how cool the Ravens were

3. I like defence. I play as a defender in football (with feet) and I knew Baltimore has the best defensive culture in the game so I loved it.

Then as time passed I've fallen in love always more with the team, the history, the staff, the FO and the players.
Last year I didn't miss a single game even tho I had to watch them at 2.30AM"
"Chicago Suburbs. Born and raised in Louisville, came for the Lamar show, and have been enjoying it since!"
NJ > NYC > Boston
st louis!
Poland
Winnipeg!! 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Frederick
Eastern shore of Maryland. Trying to convert my friends by looking for the best Ravens bar in NYC
"I’m in Ohio now, but I was born and raised in MD. Been a ravens fan since I started following football as a kid. 97-98 area"
"Family is from Baltimore, but i grew up in Denver, Co. Cant wait for game 4!!"
"Asheville, North Carolina please don’t come here we have too many visitors as is"
Kentucky
954 Pompano Flock 😈
From a city south of Sydney called Wollongong!
"New Zealand. Wait, you aren't all in New Zealand with me..?"
Central coast California. West coast ravens fans have it hard but I wouldn’t want it any other way. Especially now that we get so many prime times
I’m from Australia
Ravens Flock Germany (:
"Atlanta, but I’m from Maryland"
NOLA
"London, ON"
Sweden!
"Sweden

Edit: And followed closely through my years living in Tanzania, Russia & Latvia."
"Edmonton Alberta. Became a fan cause I had a little Ravens football when I was a kid, they got their team just before I was born. Also had a Dolphins one for some reason, but thank god I lost it."
"Born in Mexico, raised and living in Los Angeles. Ravens all day bay bay!!!"
I am also from Vancouver :) Did you also go to the Seattle game in 2019? That was a great time
"Eastern Shore, Ocean City area. Born into it and won't look back, all my family is from Baltimore."
"UK based Ravens fan, never considered the NFL a real sport till my brother came home with a copy of Madden. First game, no idea what I was doing, randomly picked the Ravens and smashed him, and fell inlove with NFL and the Ravens; haven't looked back since"
"Spain.

Super Bowl XLVII was the first game I ever watched (with some US exchange students at a shitty Irish pub in Madrid). 

Made a decision during the game and it was obviously the right one. 
Stuck with it, and here I am. :)"
Victoria! Hello from across the pond!
HI
Calgary!
"I'm about an hr outside of st louis. My cousin got me into football in 2000, I watched a few random games with him, mostly the Rams bc that was the closest team to me. I asked him who had the best defense and he told me the Ravens, so I attached myself to the Ravens."
London!
Utah
France !
"Manchester, UK"
Oregon resident checking in
"San Diego! I’m from Essex, MD, but joined the Navy at 18 and never looked back. I go to a Ravens bar in Pacific Beach when I can swing it. We’ve got a great flock here:)"
"It's so dang cool to see how many fans there are from outside of the Baltimore area.

I often think that if I wasn't from Maryland and didn't naturally become a Ravens fan, I hope I would have chosen the Ravens as my team. Being a fan of an organization this well run is a pleasure. Yet choosing the Ravens isn't cliche like choosing the Patriots or Cowboys would be. And all signs indicate that we will continue to remain competitive for years to come. 

Good decision by you folks from all over the world."
"Grew up in Harford County (Bel Air mostly, but Havre de Grace for a while and Edgewood for a while) but moved to Missouri right before I started high school in 1999. Now living in Kansas City (been here since 2007; I was “that Ravens guy” at several sports bars before I broke down and got NFL Sunday Ticket)."
"Baltimore born, living in Dorchester County."
"grew up in NoVA and south of Richmond due to my dad being in the military.  Currently living in WA after eight years in the Army and having a family.

GO RAVENS!!!"
In Alabama now but was MD born and raised.
"Hey Man, I am from Vancouver too— thought I was the only one!"
PG county ✌🏻
"Greenville County, South Carolina 864 we outchea"
"Florida. I started watching football a few years ago and found the ravens because I saw Lamar play in high school, but it’s all history from there I’m hooked"
North NJ
San Francisco
"From Baltimore, but am now a Chicago local."
Californian moving to London 🤙
New Jersey
South Suburbs of Chicago.  Can’t wait to be there for the home opener
"Kitchener, Ontario, Canada! 

Made frequent trips to Bethesda Maryland as a kid. Became a Ravens fan!"
20 minutes from M&T Bank Stadium baby
Born & raised in West Baltimore City
IOWA 🌽🌽🌽
"New South Wales, Australia.

Honestly became a Raven fan because when I was younger, at a mates house we played like Madden 2008 and i random picked a team and it gave me the Ravens. stuck with it ever since.

Then over time, I tried watching games and keeping up with the league, along with learning some of the history, watching videos and learning about players made me fall in love even more with the team.

Hopefully one day I can make it to the Bank for a game!"
"Toledo, Ohio (my wife is a baltimoron tho!)"
"Tampa, FL"
Loveland Colorado
Grew up in Essex/Rosedale. Moved to Atlanta in my teens and now I’m in Nashville. I miss BMoRE
"Charleston, SC checking in! Moved from Frederick County when I was 13 and kept my Baltimore bird teams. Luckily one of them is still awesome"
SoCal fan since 1998. Played defense in Pop Warner wanted to know who was the best linebacker in the game. Coach told me Ray Lewis been a fan ever since.  (But my favorite player all time is Ed Reed)
"Ontario, Canada. First gained interest in the ravens in 2011 because i thought the logo was cool(i was like 10), watched ray lewis and ed reed play and i was hooked!"
"Born in Baltimore (John's Hopkins), but living in Michigan. Go Ravens!!!"
"Ontario, Canada. Worked in Baltimore in 2006. Got hooked on the Ravens then. Still rocking my Ogden jersey every game day"
Northern VA
"Grew up in B-more, live in Washington County (Hagerstown) now.

Reed is my all time favorite player. Dude was playing a different game then everyone else."
"From Towson originally, but I lived in Boston and central PA for a while, had to deal with those crowds. Living in Georgia now, hard to catch a live game these days without streams"
Phoenix checking in. Can’t wait to see the flock again at Bootleggers.
Northwest Arkansas here
Owings mills
"Miami, Florida. Followed Ray and Ed from the []_ _[] and haven’t looked back."
"Perry Hall MD, land of nothing"
"Lancaster ,Pennsylvania"
One of the minority fans in Los Angeles!
Colorado. Ravens fan since 2000 SB team.
Vancouver baby!!!(technically pitt meadows) but same thing...
"Grew up on Long Island New York, went to college in Maryland and now live in Boston."
Nebraska!
Iowa
"Just North if Seattle, in Canada."
Toronto Canada!
Halifax NS
"Regina, SK"
Canadian from Toronto
Halifax chapter
Central Kansas. The Ravens won the first Super Bowl I ever watched. I was an impressionable 7 year old so stuck with them. Ray and Jamal Lewis were my first favorite players
"West coast of Ireland, lived in Ocean City and then silver spring for two years started supporting the ravens then"
"Ottawa, Ontario"
"Windsor, Ontario baby

*Canadian Flock!"
Mexico City.
"São Paulo, Brazil! Been a fan since '10."
"Born and raised in New Hampshire. Originally a Raiders fan, but when they traded away Khalil Mack I defected.

Spent some time in Cali, while in the USMC. Then was in upstate NY (also with the USMC). A few years after my time in the USMC ended, work in Syracuse, NY dried up for me and I moved to Maryland.

Like I said, when the Khalil Mack trade happened, I defected. It wasn't the only reason I changed teams. It was death by a billion paper cuts by the Raiders. Being a long distance fan sucked, so I chose a local team: The Ravens. Lucky me, my first season as a Ravens fan, Lamar took over, and showed the league what a ""running back"" can do when allowed to play the Quarterback position.

I have not looked back."
"Born, raised and still living in Portland, Oregon, Ravens fan for 13 years!!! I am a Ravens fan after watching a few rivalry matches on tv with the Steelers 2007-2009, never left since. My first raven memory was when Derrick mason dropped a pass in the end zone to beat the Steelers I believe?"
New Zealand!
Australia. The first Madden I played a lot of was 2005 with Ray on the cover and I was sold from then.
"Anne Arundel County born and raised but have lived in Manhattan since 2016, been a fan since 2000. Went to my first game that season at age 11 and immediately fell in love with the team and football in general"
Wilmington NC. Pops followed Ray Lewis from college to Baltimore & growing up that’s all I knew.
Carroll County. My family moved to southern PA in 2006.
"Harrisburg, Pa"
Baltimore baby!
Florida baby
"Cockeysville last 7yrs, grew up 5-min north of the Mason-Dixon off 83 up in PA."
North Carolina
"Grew up in Harford County, now I’m in Denver"
"Born in Baltimore, raised in the dirty Dena. After 23 years I still haven't escaped lol"
Northern Virginia
"Currently living in coastal NC, but I grew up in south/central PA @ 20 minutes from the MD border."
"I'm from Memphis, TN. I became a ravens fan because I really liked Ray Lewis when I was a kid"
Ct
I'm from Vancouver too!
NC>MD>NH
"Born in Baltimore, grew up in WV."
The heart of WFT Country: The DC suburbs.
"Fan since day 1. born and raised in Owings Mills, mins away from the team facilities, both old and new. now I live on the Eastern Shore of Maryland"
"Los Angeles, CA. And 2008/2009 was when I fell in love with the team because our defense was something you had to tune into every week and I feel that’s something the organization continues to focus on"
A couple blocks away from where Memorial Stadium was.
"Calgary, Canada here. I liked defense as a kid and the early 2000's Ravens quickly became my favourite franchise"
"Baltimore, born and bred. My parents are from South Africa and my dad’s become a huge Ravens fan, in part because the culture of the team is similar to the Springboks.

Gotta say, it’s so cool to see how many international fans the Ravens have."
"Ohio

Ray Lewis was like the father I never had lol his highlights and speeches would amp me up before games even if I didnt always follow exactly what he was saying lol"
"I grew up in Towson and the first season I watched was 2000, living in Halifax Canada since 2006 and got to tell a lot of people to eat shit in 2012 lol"
Harford County for 25 years. I live just outside of Philly now.
Baltimore
I’m from pa near philly saw my family root for eagles my whole life and be miserable when I got into football I was like not signing up for this misery
"Cecil County, but living in Colorado. Going to the game vs Denver in October!"
Minnesota living in Texas rn. Been a fan since ‘08 cause the color scheme brought me in but the way the defense played amazed me especially cause of Ray and Ed.
Born in Pikesville. Moved to Towson in between 3rd and 4th grade. Started college in 2012 in Philly and still live here.
Baltimore city
East TN right in the middle of all these Titans weebs
"Yorktown, VA"
"From upstate New York, lived in Baltimore for 4 years and just moved to Denver"
"St. Louis, Missouri. Made giving up on the Rams after their departure much easier when I was already co-rooting for the Ravens."
California.
I was born in B’more but I live just outside of Nashville. I never miss a chance to let’em know what it is.
"Northern Colorado, but I lived on the Eastern Shore of Maryland for decades. 25 year fan since they came to Baltimore. I will never become a Broncos fan. And the Rockies suck almost as bad as the Orioles. There is no better team to be a fan of than the Ravens."
Upstate NY 🙌
"Louisville, Kentucky. Courtesy of Lamar."
Northern Nevada
LA
"I'm from and currently in Mississippi, became a Ravens fan in college in 2010 because I liked the  all black uniform colors lol"
I grew up in Towson….
Iowa born and raised I bleed purple
"Marble Falls, Tx
Fell in love with the D in 2000 and never left the purple and black!"
"From Wilmington, DE. Currently in Eugene, OR"
"I'm from Baton Rouge. The first year I got into professional football, I just turned on the TV and a regular season Ravens game just happened to be on so I kept following them. Ended up being the year they won the Super bowl with Flacco so I took that as a sign that I chose the right team. Been a super fan ever since."
Jamaica!
"Mexico, fan since 2012 when I went against my friends' opinion and went with the underdog."
Connecticut! I grew up at pats fan. But then the Ravens paid me so I'm here! Shout out to the 500s yall show real love up top. Quiet as kept... Flacco dad would sit at the top.. ppl never even knew
PG County over here. Grew up around tons of Deadskins fans who just would always get to try and get me to convert. ¡No way José!
From other side of the world Indonesia!
"Near Melbourne Australia, only been following for a couple of years but happy to be onboard"
Hungary
"Ottawa, Canada! Born in Baltimore but moved away when I was 3. When I was getting into football in 2009 it was a natural connection!!"
Chicago but Seattle now. Fell in love watching Ray Lewis and Ed Reed
"I’m from Vancouver, you want to meet up to watch a game?"
"Seoul, became a fan when i watched lamar interview sanders after he got drafted much later than he thought he would"
German Raven reporting. Mom is from Baltimore and started getting interested in 2012.
"Atlanta, GA. Became a Ravens fan after My dad passed in 2011 and he was a massive fan. Tribute to him."
"Liverpool democratic peoples republic of scouseland

Got into the nfl and picked the ravens because I loved the wire"
Flat land hill billy Eastern Shore here.
Chicago
"I live on that flat piece of land you all drive through to get to Ocean City, otherwise known as the Eastern Shore"
"Chicago IL, i became a fan when i was 10 and my friend always picked the bears for madden so i picked the Ravens and whooped his sorry ass.

Big fan ever since."
"Cork, Ireland 🇮🇪"
"Middle River, MD"
"I’m in college now, so berkeley, ca"
"East TN.

Ravens drafted Jamal Lewis back in the day. Plus had a middle school bet."
"Grand Rapids, MI"
"good ole Pittsburgh, PA, born and raised. AMA!"
Baltimore/Annapolis
"Originally from San Diego, but now Fort Worth."
"Marriottsville, MD.  Represent!"
"Harford county native. I was living in Cleveland when the Ravens came to Baltimore, so got no end of shit from my friends there. Hardened my support for the team and hatred of the Browns when they restarted. 

2001 Superbowl party, it was me vs like 30 of my friends all rooting for the Giants. Oh you best believe I rubbed it in, strutted around the room, whooped it up."
"The sleepy little town of Easton, Pa. I’m surrounded by  the manic fan base that is the eagles and the obnoxious fan base that is the Steelers. I’m a fan because my dad is from Baltimore and I started watching ravens football during the 2012 season."
Born in Annapolis grew up and live in VA Beach
Patterson Clipper here. Class of '81. Living in Virginia Beach Va. now. LFGRavens !!
Born in Baltimore but now representing the Rocky Mountain Flock
"Reporting in from NJ, got tickets for the Minnesota game in November"
Originally from Macon Ga. but my mom is from here and we moved back here when I was like 10
NE Indiana!
"South Carolina, Hayden Hurst brought me here and I've been.here ever since"
San Diego
"From Connecticut, now lives in Atlanta. Became a Ravens fan because I hated the Pats and Ray Rice(before the elevator incident obviously)"
Grew up in Howard County
Eastern Shore Man here
Northern California a.k.a Nor Cal 🐻
South Texas.
Dayton Ohio. Became a Ravens fan as a young kid rooting against my parents team (Cleveland).
"From Catonsville. Currently live in Atlanta, GA."
"Upstate NY all my friends are giants or Steelers fans  lol

Side note, I am a Pittsburgh penguins fan so most that share than fandom hate the ravens as well.

Ravens fan because favorite color is purple, then when I started to watch ray lewis/Ed reed made me stay."
"West Virginia 
Girlfriends from Baltimore though and only started watching the nfl with her dad. Never turning back"
"NJ, I’m a fan because the local teams r all poverty franchises purple and gold is the sexiest combo and Lamar is the most electrifying player ever not to mention we’re stacked and have a great history"
"Cincinnati OH. Hostile territory.

Started rooting for Ravens when we moved to Bmore in '99. Good year to move there."
Carroll County
"Born in Balti, raised in Westminster, currently living in CT. 🖤💜🖤💜 for life!"
Mississippi! Solitary Ravens fan in a house full of Saints!
"Originally from Catonsville, living in Los Angeles now."
"Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. 

Fan since 96"
Windsor Ontario
Otterbein.  always knew when heap scored a TD before saw it on TV
"Shit eh, I live in the west end. You ever go to Hometown Sports? I am back to back spicy wing eating contest  Champion for their Superbowl parties. I missed by 3peat last year cause of the Pandemic."
"Wilmington, DE. Mostly eagles fans around me but as a DE guy my flacco fandom made me a fan his rookie yr when I was 9 yrs old & I never looked back"
Dallas tx
"Los Angeles, born and raised. Currently in SF!"
"Alabama, diehard Bama fan..born in B’more so naturally a Ravens fan as well.🙌🏼"
"Columbia, Maryland, Born and raised
Howard County playgrounds for the most of my days"
Near Los Angeles.
"Austin, TX."
Mexico
Saskatchewan
East Tennessee
Montreal tabarnac
"South Germany, Fan because I studied in the US in 2013 and my boyfriend at that time was from Baltimore and crazily hyped during the season. The hype transferred"
Im from Cincinnati. Been a fan since week 11 - 1996.
"Edmonton Alberta, been a fan ever since Madden 05 with Ray Lewis on the cover."
Delaware!
"Born in Baltimore, grew up in upstate NY"
"WA baby, lonely up here in the corner"
Ottawa canada baby
North Bay area. Madden 07 drew me to the purple and black! Grew up a baseball fan and once I got into playing Fb I committed to the team during the ‘10 season. That Cundiff missed fg sealed my fandom
"Southern Californian livin' in SuperNorth-West Washington after a 7yr stint in Southern Utah, cheering for a Florida boy repping Baltimore."
Im from Montreal and i started to be a fan in 08 when i played Madden for the first time and id play with the Ravens cause the jersey was dope and i'd beat all my friends with McNair throwing to Clayton or running with Mcgahee.
"I am from San Jose, Costa Rica i have benn a fan since 08"
Miami!
"Lubbock, Texas here. Ravens are my favorite, but the Dallas Cowboys will always be my home team. It's hard to explain, but I like them both in different ways."
Bay Area west Oakland California same neighbor hood as Marcus Peters
Sweden.
"Dad is an og used to like the Baltimore colts so I grew to like the ravens because he’s still a “colts” fan ever since the move to Indy. Ray was all I needed to become a fan, him and Peyton Manning are the goats"
"Wigan, Greater Manchester, UK!"
Western Mass
"Leiden, the Netherlands.

Been around roughly as long as you."
"I am from Denmark. Became a fan after the superbowl win last time. Never heard of the Ravens before they popped up on the news and I thought ""Damn thats a cool name""."
I live in Korea
"Bavaria, Germany🙌🏽"
Hi I’m from Baltimore
"London, UK.

Have family in Baltimore County but I chose to support the Ravens independently.

Visited the US, bought myself a Lewis #52 jersey and never looked back."
Sweden. because Baltimore is quite like My city.
"Frankfurt, Germany became a Ravens fan at 10years old when I randomly watched a game with my dad. I liked the logo and the uniforms, searched for videos involving the Ravens on YouTube and discovered Ray Lewis."
"I'm from the UK but live in Barcelona, Spain!"
I reside in Texas atm but before this was in Baltimore for about 8 years. Would love to go back and catch a game some time.
"Berlin, Germany"
Danmark
Tennessee
I'm from bmore... but that's very interesting that there are fans from so many different places
"Ohio! All my friends are Browns and Steelers fans, makes for some good trash talk and fun. I just love a good defense and thats what attracted me to the ravens when I was getting into watching the NFL, especially with Ray and Ed on the team."
Scottish. Managed to visit Baltimore and see a game in M&T back in 2019. Will never forget it.
"I wanted to pick a football team back in 08, and I was choosing between the skins and the Ravens. 

Ultimately, I picked the team with the rookie quarterback so I could grow up watching the dude. This is why Flacco is my #1 ride and die"
brisbane australia
"From Oslo, Norway. been a fan since 2003."
Ellicott City but now in Philly. Man I love shitting on Eagles fans. They don’t know who the best bird is
Delaware
"Dallas. Became a Ravens fan because my cousin is also a fan and it rubbed off on me. Also, Joe Flacco."
São Paulo - Brazil
From Baltimore but live in Southwest GA. Not many NFL fans in general down here. Considered a weirdo since I’m not hard into UGA or Auburn. Everyone hates the Falcons
"I’m from north central PA. Been a Ravens fan since the first year of Flacco. I like Edgar Allen Poe and love the poem “The Raven.” Also, one of my favorite pro wrestlers is Raven. And Ravens are just cool animals. Started watching Baltimore and they just became my team! 🤷🏻‍♀️"
"Maine! Didn’t really get into football until my freshman year of college in ‘08. I spent my Sundays watching whatever games were on TV. I knew I didn’t wanna be a Patriots fan and wanted my own football identity, so to speak. Joe Flacco was a rookie, I was a “rookie”, and I liked the Ravens style. It stuck."
Poland
Connecticut. Definitely in the minority.
"OCMD originally, now Virginia Beach."
I’m from China and went to Delaware for school. Same major and school with our elite dragon!
"Ravens fan in Greenville, SC! Became a fan in 1999 at 8 yrs old when my pops signed as a free agent. #flock"
Bodymore
Near Colesville in Montgomery County.  Section 101 on game days.
Baltimore (Hartford co) > San Jose
Poconos Pennsylvania
"Nashville, Tennessee. Really wish the Ravens came here this year to stomp on the Titans."
"Dublin, Ireland"
"England, only started watching American Football in Lamars MVP year. He was so fun to watch I give him credit for my love of your nations brilliant game"
"Joppatowne, MD. Currently in Charlotte, NC."
Bal'more
"I'm from Italy and I used to live near DC but didn't find the WFT to be a ""likeable"" team in 2009-2010ish"
Louisville. Became a fan the day Lamar got drafted. I have always been a fan of the NFL but never had a team until Lamar.
Baltimore born and raised. I used to live up the street from Memorial stadium and will always back the Ravens.... and our less successful bird team across Eutaw street
"UK, Midlands specifically, I used to work nights for a betting companies customer service and after it was brought up noone at advisor level on my team understood American Football, we all got told pick a team and follow them. I liked the top, picked the Ravens and haven't looked back 5 years later"
Born and raised in Baltimore even went to the first ravens game at memorial stadium and family had season tickets. Living in Rhode Island now.
"Im from Drummondville, Quebec, Canada. 

I was shown a Ray Lewis hype video and I signed up for football the monday after. Just loved how passionate he was and it inspired me. Have been a Raven ever since"
I'm from northwest Indiana and I've been a ravens fan since I was a kid cuz we went to Baltimore once and I thought the logo was cool.
Northern Virginia but like pretty much everyone from my mom's side of the family is from Baltimore and my grandma lives in Baltimore lol
"Grew up in Bethany Beach, DE now live in Montgomery County MD. I’ve been going to games with my Dad since 1996!"
Northern VA!
"I'm also from Vancouver, i choose the ravens because my college roommate told me to pick an NFL team so I could watch with him and i liked the colour purple"
"From Baltimore, currently living in panther territory"
Seattle but going to college in DC
"Atlanta. Became a fan in the in the late 2000s because I was an angsty teen who though it was sick the Ravens were named after the Poe poem. Flacco and the Super Bowl cemented it. Lamar revived it (watched less football in college). I love the Falcons, but sometimes you just need to root for a team that makes you feel good. Birds of a feather"
"Milwaukee, Wisconsin"
Oregon
Minnesota. Became a Ravens fan the day they drafted Ed Reed as I'm a huge fan of the []_[]
Louisville KY baby
"Abbotsford, BC Canada!"
"West Baltimore born and raised. Watched my dad cry during the  WBAL  news footage of the  Mayflower trucks rolling out of town. Played my last highschool football game in Memorial Stadium. Moved away for school and work but moved back to the DMV, in NOVA a few years ago.  Have started seeing a lot more black and purple down this way over the last few years, especially among the kids."
Holy moly I had no idea the flock was so international !
West Texas here. Started watching the raven's back in 03 ish. Back when I played middle linebacker in school. Started watching Ray and have never stopped 😁
"North Carolina, but originally from Maryland."
I’m from Towson and the Ravens arrived when I was about 7.
Wyoming
"Lima, Peru. I’ve been a Ravens fan since 2000.  I fell in love with that defense."
Walking distance from the bank
California. Last name = Poe. Former Joe Montana fan who jumped over to the Ravens when that Steve Young fellow took over.
"Des Moines, Iowa.

We don't have a team, I can like who I want damnit!"
"Nova scotia, Canada!"
"Texas! I wasn't a huge sports guy when I was young. It just never clicked. It finally clicked for me, but not with the Cowboys(my home team) or the Texans but the Ravens. A few years before our Superbowl win against the Niners. I locked in on the Ravens and have stayed loyal since. Cowboys are my number 2 team, but Ravens will always come first."
Montgomery Country MD
"I’m in central Alabama. I worked in a sports store out of high school and had to watch football all the time cause we had no foot traffic… I didn’t really like football, but one slow Sunday, I had a game on and just kinda said “the purple team is gonna win” and they did and I’ve been obsessed ever since."
I'm Canadian. Relatively recent fan but I've always liked the Ravens (among a couple other teams). I like an offense with a foundation built on the running game. The Ravens especially over the last few years are great to watch when they truly get downhill with the running game. This and good defense are what I watch football for.
"Tucson, AZ. Chris McAlister was my favorite college player. Which is funny, because Suggs is probably my all time favorite Raven and he played at ASU."
I live in Northern California but moved here from Baltimore after college. Grew up in Virginia. My parents were born and raised in Baltimore and my dad was a diehard colts fan before they left and didn’t really follow football after. I fell in love with the team when I moved to Maryland and have been locked in ever since. I converted my wife and my kids are Ravens fans in Forty-Whiner country so I feel like I’m doing my job as a parent.
Southeast Alaska. Yeil naax̱ x̱at sitee. Raven is a clan moeity for Tlingit. I have raven tattooed over my heart.
"From Baltimore, but I live in France. Been a Ravens fan since around 2000. I wasn’t too into football at the time, but got swept up in the excitement of going to the super bowl. Been catching almost every game every year since."
"Central Illinois. My stepdad was an old Baltimore colts fan, so my lil 10 year old ass picked the ravens when they started. Got a C on my Vinny testeverde report in sixth grade 😬"
"Finland. I've been a diehard Ravens fan since 07-08 season. Been to games in Jacksonville FL, Los Angeles CA and London UK. Next up M&T Bank when things get a little easier with Covid!"
Salisbury md but now i live 15 minutes outside Baltimore
"From Baltimore, went to my first game at 5 and have been a die hard ever since"
Canada 🇨🇦
""
Ravens 45 Chiefs 3
LFG
Nice
"I know that there were a lot of circumstances surrounding that game last season, like important players on the D-line being out for us and the crazy weather. But that was the weakest Patriots team we’ve played that I can remember and he made the plays with his feet to beat us. They are a much stronger team on defense this year than they were last year, and I’m aware we’re not playing them in the regular season, but it seems like Cam matches up well against us for some reason.

I hope it doesn’t come back to bite me, but I think we have a better chance of playing well against a rookie QB than Cam Newton with our current squad.  

Thoughts?"
"Fully disagree. Newton had 11 rushes for 21 yards in last year’s game. Damien Harris, shitty weather, and bad snaps at bad times gave us that loss."
How is this bold? Just asking...
"I disagree. I think mac jones will be decent and they could make the playoffs as the 7 seed. Hopefully we won’t have to worry about whether we make the playoffs but i think we could end up playing them in the playoffs and at that point, bill belichick in the playoffs will worry me, even with a rookie QB."
My take:Ravens will win
""
One is the goat… the other is Jerry rice
Damn high expectations guys. But he looked awesome in preseason. Let's hope for that in the season to come!
Sure is
Is Proche the new Scott/Buck?
I’m unsubscribing
Dream on
""
"Raiders beware. We are coming, and we are farting"
"If Tucker catches the waft right, he’ll easily kick 70 yards!"
Damn mfs had to defend our QB from accusations of being a RB in the fucking comedy sub 😂😂😂🤣💀 What a life lmaooooo
Just remember don’t be a jerk
I had a good time scrolling through the comments and downvoting all Lamar-hating and Steeler-loving
Hall of fame post lmaoo
"Anyone can link the url

Non fan here specifically to see it"
""
Damnit I can’t help but like Tampa Tom….
"Ughhhh I used to hate this man, but it's clear I just hate New England. I'm all about player safety, try not to hit people in the head, but yeah it's a dangerous sport and offenses shouldn't be let off the hook as much as they are"
Nope.  I don't care how many nice things he says.  Still a whiney cheater in my book.
I get shit for it as a Baltimore fan from the 303 (Denver) But Brady is the G.O.A.T
I got a new found respect for Tom Brady once he did the interview with Howard Stern. Something about that interview made him seem like a good dude to me
""
Probably not what he wanted
He could be brought back to the PS after the end of the settlement and he isn't picked up by another team.
I’m not upset about letting him go. He isn’t bad at getting separation but the guy might as well have two nubs instead of hands
"I was hoping for a Torrey kind of thing, but he actually caught the ball enough to be respected."
😬🤞🏻I haven’t seen any updates on this buuuut really hope it was Lamar...
This didnt cross my mind. By the way Ogden talked I doubt he was ever on the fence about getting it. Hes probably been vaccinated for quite a while.
if you look at the replies she more or less confirms it was Lamar. even says he got it in his truck after someone else confirms it was him. think it was Lindsey ok.
"Not sure but I’m really not concerned about him. He’s had it twice, including the currently circulating variant. I’m not anti vax but he might be the one of the most immune players on the team now"
You can still get it and be vaxed
""
""
Mayfields 2g all u get is talk and text
2 bars
"Ben is a 28.8kbps, and momma fittin' to make a call"
Then what tf does this make the rapist?
[removed]
""
"Whoo good luck, you'll need it."
"Get lamar first, tucker second"
Don’t
Defiantly an alpha move
I drafted the Ravens team defense in the first round in 2001.  I won the league championship that year.  Sometimes you gotta be unconventional.
Don’t be a Taco!
"If you still win your league as a result, thats god tier. You have to do it now."
Hahaha in my family’s fantasy football league my sister ALWAYS drafts tucker super early too
Wait til round 2
A few years back a friend of mine drafted Tucker 1st overall and took the Seahawks defense around the 5th. Ended up winning the whole thing. He still drafts terribly to this day and usually makes it into the playoffs.
Way to perpetuate stereotypes about women who play fantasy football
I have a fantasy team of nothing but Ravens. You’re not alone.
"Nobody drafted him that early in the Ravens sub fantasy league I'm in, but he went a lot earlier than a kicker probably should."
I just had an auction draft and I nominated Tucker and he got up to $12
Did that two seasons ago and came in second. GET IT!
i mean Tucker is a relatively safe bet and used to be a rather significant percent or our offensive points...would i take him in the first now probably not but he's usually in my top 3 picks
Honestly I don’t blame you for drafting him that early because #KickersArePeopleToo 😂
These aren’t the flacco days we actually score now
He’ll be there round 7
What pick do you have?
"Round 1 Lamar
Round 2 Gus
Round 3 Andrews
Round 4/5/6 Hollywood, Watkins, Bateman
Round 7 Tucker"
He’s my keeper 15th rnd
lfg
[deleted]
"So my draft is on Tuesday and I’m coming up blank on a clever name for my team. I’m trying to think of a name that Ravens fans find clever or funny but doesn’t immediately give away my fandom to the other people in my league.

Help me out here flock!

Edit: Got some great suggestions from all of you! I think I’ll go with whichever name is the most upvoted by tomorrow morning"
Ngata Nose Job
A Flacco Seagulls
Nevermore
TrussTheBus
"Rise and Conquer
(The names of the two live ravens mascots)"
HeyDiddleDiddle
Edgar Allen Bro
Beats by ray
Body by Taco Bell
FuckTheSteelers
Deer Antler Spray All Day
Squirrel Dancer 52
Bateman Returns
Ball so hard University
"Making My Oweh Downtown - with picture 

https://i.imgur.com/aeWq7tT.png"
Just Cramps
You Got Bucced
The Hay is in the Barn
"Baltimore Beatdown

Elite Dragons"
DonnieFromDundalk
Lamario Party
Russell  (Street) My Jimmy's (Famous)
Big Truss
The North is not enough
Edgar Allan Mo
Old Bay Brawlers
Master Bateman
RayRayStabsU52
JK Hobblins
Lamar GotVaxxedSon
"Here’s a couple:

4th and 29
Not bad for a QB
Stallions
FlaccosElite"
Carl Nassibs Sack Count
Jacoby ♡ Sweet Pea
Mighty Men
What's Our Name?
One winning drive
BigDickFlacco
Llamabeatyoass
Rick Proehlled.
Goaty Leg
Flacco's Favorites
GET BUCKED
Got Bucked.
B-52's
I like Lamocalypse Now…. But I really enjoyed Apocalypse Now. It rolls off the tongue
50 Shades Of Ray
Raven Mad
Gus’ Shortbus Rowdies
Every Dollar Counts
Mine for like five years has been “The King in the AFC North”. I was able to find a cool logo on Google images of the old Ravens logo with three eyes. Awesome if you like Game of Thrones.
Caught bangin with my brother
A Poe Man's Fantasy
Lamar can throw --- Suggs to be you --- Yippie Ki Yay Mother Tucker
Boh so hard university
Vaxin’ Jackson
That’s So Ravens
Tuck'er Roll
LlamaOnTheGusBus is my team name.
Mine this year is “Brawltimore” but was “Yippie Ki Yay Justin Tucker” for many a year.
Oglesbyhave
Ray Rice Punch Out
Type 1 Tightend
"The Crab Shack
The Purple Nurple
The Dubious Elite
The Caw and Claw
The Wolf Pack
The Mike Factory"
"Depends how knowledgeable your league is. 

-Tuzz Bus 

-The Elite Dragons

-You’ve been Bucked

-African Wild Dogs

-Nobody Cares Work Harder

-A Conspiracy of Llamas"
Baskin Dobbins
[deleted]
I am both a Ravens and a Broncos fan so please believe me when I say that would be a bad idea. Runningbacks are a dime a dozen so it rarely makes sense to trade draft capitol for one. There are better free agent rbs rn that would be a much better fit imo.
This is a bad take and you should feel bad
"Been looking around for any updates regarding his supposed 1st vaccine jab, but can't find anything. Nothing official from Jamison or JZ either.

Anyone heard anything about this? Wonder if something will come out this week?"
"JZ and Jamison won't report anything because they're actual reporters. They'll only put out something if Harbs/Lamar/Ravens release info on it. Otherwise you might get a comment mentioning that Lamar isn't following the unvax protocols (which I'm not sure on but I think he still has to do until he gets his second shot?)

If they have media day I think its like a 90% chance a reporter asks Harbs or Lamar about the shot but I don't think Harbs will say anything."
Probably won’t say anything. If rumors are true this would be his first shot so potentially by week 2 or 3 if people see him not following the protocol for unvaccinated players then we’ll have our answer if he doesn’t say anything himself by then
We probably won’t find out for a while. The best confirmation we’ll get is seeing what protocols he follows
Hey! After spending the last 20 years only watching the Ravens on TV or the occasional game where they play near me I’m finally going to get to go to a game in Baltimore this year! Any suggestions on sports bars that are must go to before the game? We won’t have a way to tailgate unfortunately and we are looking for things that are closer to the stadium. Thanks for the advise!
Fed hill has plenty of bars that you can go to before the game and its walking distance.
Magerks or Mothers in federal hill are good spots for pregame
"Where you coming from?

Any spot in Fed Hill would be good, that or Pickles Pub by Camden Yards, though they’re packed on gamedays"
"Go to federal hill, close your eyes and throw a rock. Go to that one."
[deleted]
Sam Koch - 0 punts
"I live in Hampton Roads Va and typically travel to one away game and come up for 2 home games.

So far, I only have tix vs the Bengals in Oct. 

What games are you planning on going to?"
All 11 home games
*cries in Europe*
"I moved to Michigan after I was done school. I have tickets to the games in Detroit, Chicago, and cincy. Pretty pumped"
Headed to the opener against Vegas a week from now!
Chiefs game!
Wife got me and my friends Ravens vs Bengals tickets! Really excited
Home for Minnesota and away @ Miami for me!
I’ll also be at the Bengals game in Oct.
"None this year :( I’m a cancer survivor and am supposed to be avoiding big crowds 

Stupid Covid"
Going to Packers game. Just bought the tickets. Lfgo !
I’ll be in Miami and Chicago!
"All home + 1 away game. Haven’t decided the away yet, hopefully prices take a dive when some of the teams we play do."
all of them 😎
Only @Miami
Chicago and Minnesota games
"Going to see us play the Chiefs and the vikings. Can't wait for the Chiefs game though, gonna be a tough one!"
I'm in Chesapeake.  Might be going to the Browns game
Packers in Bmore and Steelers in Pitt
Denver game! Right behind Denver’s benches.
"We are coming down from SK for last game of year vs Squealers. I'm a Ravens fan. My buddy a Pittsburgh fan, and other buddy a Chargers fan. I assume he's coming to know what good football looks like"
I'll be at Mile High in October!
Steelers
Chargers game!
I’m from western NY so I’m usually only able to go if we play in Buffalo. Not friends just moved from Syracuse to Pittsburgh so I guess I’m going to the game at Heinz
"Haven't bought any tickets yet( I usually wait to the last minute lol), but looking to go to the Chiefs, Packs, and either a Browns or Steelers game(or both, idk)."
I have tickets for our home game be the Vikings and our away game vs Miami. I am from Europe and planning a trip in November. Do you guys expect the country to open up for travel before then?
Oh I know 😏
Vs Cleveland Sunday night
"could be at the rams game in week 17, very slim chance tho"
Miami and Steelers @ Baltimore
"Haven't been to a ravens game since week 17...2017. I'm hoping to go one finally this year, I'm just a tad bit scared as you imagine"
[deleted]
"Colts, Bengals, and Vikings!"
"Minnesota I think, waiting on the tickets from my cousin"
Hoping for Colts-Ravens MNF
I live in VA beach. The 2019 49ers game was my first game I got to see in person. I have a friend who is a packers fan and we have been talking about going to see the Packers vs Ravens for years. That's the one in aiming for this year.
"Colts, Packers, Rams at home
Bears on road (tentative)"
I’m going to the Bengals game in October too! It will be my first time at the Bank!
I live in Missouri and me and my best friend and traveling up to Chicago for that game weekend. Pretty pumped
Ravens @ Bears im pumped!!!!
KC and Miami already have tickets for but def plan to see a game when one of the afc north opponents come around
"I’m driving out to Vegas this week but probably won’t get into the game, and flying to Baltimore in October for the bengals"
anyone heading to the lions game on the 26th??
Ravens vs Steelers @Pittsburgh. Me and two friends booked a weekend there and will be rocking the black and purple in enemy territory.
Broncos game. I live in Colorado and my boss got tickets.
Chicago
Home vs. LA Rams
"Bengals. Hopefully, this will be true first time I see a win. I saw them lose at Memorial Stadium to the Patriots. Saw them lose to the Bengals at the Bank (the game where Ray knocked Ochocinco's helmet off) and I saw them lose to the Jags in Jacksonville."
Chiefs SNF game
"Spent big money on the chiefs home opener. 

Home opener, Primetime, a lot of super stars in one stadium, and a crowd eager to beat KC. Should be incredible"
"Hey guys, just had a new article published, was hoping to get genuine feedback on it. Hope y’all enjoy it!
[ATB Ravens Report](https://atbnetwork.com/2021/09/06/ravens-report-breaking-down-the-roster-ahead-of-week-1/)"
"One thing, co cap and McPhee didn’t need to clear waivers. Otherwise good stuff"
""
"Nah, all of those people are leaving Vegas right about when they'll become contagious. 

Covid is the one thing that definitely won't stay in Vegas."
I want to go to stadium games so badly right now. Just got my second shot on Friday and still hesitant to go anywhere without a mask.
"I’ve been guilty of this I’m the past, but…

***Can we ban Covid discussion from this sub!***

If it’s regarding a player - so be it.  Otherwise, leave the epidemiology & politics for other subs…"
I forgot how much I hated crowds…. I was super uncomfortable there
This is happening everywhere… BMW championship in Owings Mills being a prime example
For the love of god stop bring so afraid. Covid is NOT deadly enough to justify multiple years of shutdowns. Get the vaxx and move tf on
What event is this?
We say this every single time there’s a big gathering and absolutely nothing comes of it. Enough with this BS
Y’all are stupid if you still believe this shit
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
""
Comment your questions in the thread for Cliff and he'll be live here Tuesday from 10:30-11:30 AM ET!
"How do you the media guys (Cliff, Mink, Garrett) decide who goes to what away games? I heard Cliff will be in Vegas this week. Lucky guy!"
"Which current Ravens player or coach is great with the media and we should all tune into their interviews, but doesn't necessarily get a lot of press time since they are not in a position like QB, head coach, etc?"
"Thanks for your time!

How'd you get started with the Ravens?"
"Hey Cliff, thanks for joining us on the sub! Really enjoyed your podcast Black in the NFL.

Which depth rotation Raven did you have the most fun getting to know? (Maybe not necessarily a starter or even a role player, but a great personality in the building that fans don’t hear from much)"
Cliff - who would win in a fight: Garrett or Mink?
Which project or piece that you’ve ever worked on would you consider to be the most important?
What has been your favorite Ravens game that you have covered?
"Did anyone in the Baltimore media foresee Lamar’s rise to fame/skill/popularity coming say, the night he was drafted? Or before he became a starter?"
"Thanks so much for tuning in, we'll be back next month with another special guest!"
"Hey Cliff, what do you make of the London games?"
"Hey Cliff! Hope you've had a great summer!

I'm always curious about this with people because I dont feel theres an opportunity to share about it enough, but:

Outside of your _day to day_, do you have any unique hobbies that you're really excited about?

Thanks!"
"Are we going to see Ravens Unscripted episodes this year or are they still on-hold because of covid? I love those episodes!

Thank you for your time, Cliff!"
"How much influence does reddit and the comments  have on the content put out by ravens media?

Has any specific inspiration on points of view resulted from reddit opinions?"
Have you ever posed a question to John Harbaugh and received an angry or snippy response?
"Hi Cliff! Hope you’re doing well!

How significant of a blow to our offensive scheme this year was the Dobbins injury and do you think Gus Edwards getting the lion’s share of touches is going to hold us back?

Also what are your genuine predictions for Ty’son Williams after watching his camp/preseason?

Thanks for what you do!!"
"Thanks for your time, Cliff! 

What are some of your favorite places to eat in Baltimore?"
"Cliff, how do you compare writing for the Ravens internal media org. versus your previous work at Sporting News?"
"In your opinion, what is the best article or piece you've ever written?"
What's your favourite thing about Coach Harbaugh that isn't well known?
How are you doing today?
Who is your favorite rookie this year? Who is your favorite veteran?
"Has there been a story or part of an event the team wouldn't let you publish, and if so, can you share what that was and why (now that some time has passed)?"
CLIFFTOOOON
What's the most memorable player response you've ever received and why?
"Cliff, who's one player that doesn't get a lot of fan/media attention but is highly regarded internally among Ravens staff/players? Someone like Chuck Clark maybe... anybody else that would really surprise fans?"
"Cliff - give us your boldest prediction for the season! 

Any breakout players, statistical predictions, W/L record, whatever comes to mind"
Will Gus Edwards be able to handle a bell cow work load and produce all season?
How you doin’
"Do you, Garrett and Mink have to communicate each day to ensure you’re not all wearing the same Underarmour polo to work? 😂 love you"
Why does god hate Raven’s ACLs?
"Will the Ravens add a cornerback?
Young is injury prone and our starters are already a little banged up. Which leaves the Ravens a couple more corners after trading away the rookie."
[removed]
needed a new shit can
I will fucking buy all of these helmets just to stop seeing this post everyday
""
They figured out he's too fast to stop
He can’t be “figured out”. He is a world class athlete and a great football player. The offense can be figured out if it doesn’t stay a step ahead.
No.
"Figure out is one thing.
Execute is another."
They can 'figure him out' as much as they want but they have to catch him first!
"I think it’s been pretty obvious what his game is.  The whole figure it out narrative is useless.

I do think Lamar needs to clean his game up and improve if this team is going to be a serious contender.  The will be good of Lamar is the same, but elite as a team of Lamar takes the next step."
"That depends on what you mean.

I do think there is a successful formula to stop Lamar. I also think that most, maybe all, defenses don't have the personel to run it. But it's out there. You play zone with a spy and make sure your players are fast and athletic enough to contain him. 

FWIW Brady has been figured out for over a decade. You get a 4 man rush that can get to him in a couple seconds consistently and have the back 7 cover for that time.

The problem is there aren't many teams that can get a 4 man rush to be that effective."
Lamar Jackson is literally the only athlete in the history of athletes that people say will be “figured out”
Doubt it
"Yes world class generational talent is just going to be *figured out*.

They can't defend the entire field from him."
"Haven't you heard? guy was figured out two years ago 

*shrug*"
"Nah, but they’ve damn sure figured out Greg Roman’s passing schemes"
""
"Piece of life advice to all fans of a team, stop caring what other fans think…"
Dolphins fans haven't had anything to brag about for a while. They're dead wrong. But let them pretend. We're gonna demolish them like always regardless
I really wish this sub would stay out of the overall reddit meta. On Reddit looking at screenshotted reddit hot takes is not what I come here for.
"""Marlon Humphrey and Marcus Peters were the only teammates to find themselves inside the top 10 of PFF’s outside cornerback rankings entering the 2021 season""

&#x200B;

Conversation over

Edit - If anyone's wondering, Humphrey was #3 and Peters was #10. Howard was #4, while Jones was like #14. Jones actually had a down year last year too, I think the MIA fans are hoping he'll return to 2019 form and not taking last year into enough consideration to be unbiased."
"Better question, with the number of receiving threats on a given play in the modern NFL, should we be looking at CB trios now?"
Not that big of a hot take
"Howard’s good, yeah. Bryon Jones is a joke."
"The Dolphins CBs are bringing back memories of 1980's synth pop.

https://youtu.be/w34vnz\_LEX4"
"Yeah, the subreddit that accused CKeap of rape because they didn't read past the headline?   Not worried about em"
Some pretty compelling arguments by all parties in that pic lmao
Fins!!
No one would think of Howard as a top guy without all those picks last year. Lucky season.
Thanks for the representation. You served the Flock honorably
"Honestly I don't disagree with the Dolphins fan, Howard and Jones are a crazy duo.

Humphrey and Peters are still undisputed top 5 tho, and we have better CB depth than any team in the league. I knocked on wood to make sure this doesn't happen, but even a 2014-style rash of CB injuries leaves us with Jimmy and Averett, a duo which probably still won't lose us many games singlehandedly."
"Just did my morning peruse through bleacher report. They posted their season predictions; not a single Raven listed on any of the award predictions.

ESPN did a simulation of the season and have the Ravens at…7-10. WHAT?

Did I fall into an alternate universe?"
Who cares what ESPN says? The money (Vegas) has the line at 11.5 wins and us being one of the best teams in the league. I trust the bookies expertise more than ESPN
Let them sleep while we fly by
"Small market team, and 90% of fans, especially younger fans, don’t value defence. Ravens have always been slept on for that reason, I remember getting laughed at in 2011-2012 for saying Ravens were a sb contender, it just is what it is. Fantasy football has shifted the focus to wr’s, passing, and qb’s that throw 50 times a game. Ravens are rbbc, and a balanced attack (50% run 50% pass), and play good defence. Ie, not a sexy fantasy football team."
This season? It’s been that way since Flacco was a rookie
I looked up power rankings the other day and most had us at 5th or 6th.
This is every year. Why do you still care what they say about us?
Becuase we don't generate fantasy value and all that's who most articles are pandering to.
"I saw the espn projections had the ravens at 7 wins and Texans at 5.  I dont know what projection system they are running, but 2 wins higher than the Texans is unbelievable.  Even if we struggle, how is this team worse than 9-8?"
A simulation ….. there’s your answer. It’s like winning on madden and then claiming your team is actually the best team irl.
Idk why these kinds of things irk fans. The Ravens have always and will always be a team that plays it’s best football when they’re the dogs. Anytime we’ve been predicted to dominate we fall short. Anytime we’ve been fawned over by the pundits we shit the bed. I’d rather them think we’ll be dogshit and then shove it down their throats in February.
"It's tradition. The only time I can remember where people didn't sleep on the Ravens was 2020, and that was because a unanimous MVP and a league-best record in 2019 kind of forced them to. 

We're a small market next to New York and LA, we don't make big free agency splashes or huge blockbuster trades, we don't employ headline-generation machines like AB, we don't have a Hallmark Moment sob story like the Browns because our front office is actually competent, we don't have a century of history and championships like the Packers because we've only existed since 1996, we don't have high draft picks that everyone knows the name of, and we've relied on unsexy things like shutdown defenses and power running games for our entire existence, including in the current moment. (Our franchise's greatest player is an inside linebacker. A defender, and not a sack machine like a lineman or a pick machine like a DB. That's about as unsexy a position as it gets in modern sports media)

Honestly, just let them sleep. Makes it more fun when we get to shake them awake."
"Fuck BR, two of their guys are Davenport and Sobleski are browns fans and hate the ravens so I never listen to their takes lol"
it’s better this way
Cowboys fan here. Would much rather watch my team win real games than win the offseason hype award. First world team problems right here.
"I know people are shitting on you for being upset, but I get it man, this shit bothers me too.

2019 was the first year in a long time (maybe ever) that the football universe revolved around the Ravens. 14-2, cruising with a 12 game winning streak. All the national media love was fun. NFL podcasts and pundits were all over the Ravens as opposed to shitting on them or ignoring them like most of our history (outside of the SB runs but even then it was more about who we were beating and how they blew it - more true for SB47 than SB35). Finally getting to see the guys get the respect they deserve was awesome. 

So to see a fall from grace in the national media is for sure a bummer. But it's the norm, and here we are lol. Like everyone says, the Ravens are better as underdogs, so let's lean into it until we prove otherwise. 

On another note, what pisses me off most is the lack of Josh Allen regression talk, dude came 2nd in MVP voting and people are SURE he's going to have a better year this year. Lamar got destroyed after he won the MVP and i know he had no where to go but down but c'mon, what's more likely, Allen regresses or he wins the MVP. It's gotta be regressing right!? And I'll NEVER get why people think Dak is a better QB than Lamar. That shit will NEVER not bug me, I don't care how many times people tell me not to worry about it lol."
"So the thing that everyone is upset about is specifically simulation 13,330 out of 20k sims. It’s clickbait. Y’all are ridiculous. 

https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/32133086/simulating-2021-nfl-season-projecting-285-games-biggest-storylines-super-bowl-winner"
"They do better when they fly under the radar. 

It’s the high expectations seasons (2007, 2013, 2001, 2020) where things go wonky."
All I know is that last season was a whole lot more fun when the expectations were gone
"i saw somewhere on ESPN that we’re ranked 10th in Offense and 10th in Defense. Maybe offense I could agree with, but DEFENSE? I averaged our season standings over the past five years and we’re at average, the 3rd best defense. Like Jesus Christ, every year we hold up and yet the BRONCOS are listed above us."
"I think the ravens with have a winning record, but I have huge concerns about the oline + injuries holding the team back. 

No injuries and trustworthy oline: maybe a 12-14 win team

Currently: I’m guessing 10-11 wins. Hope I’m pleasantly surprised."
"This just makes it feel better when we win our division and beat the Browns and Steelers on the road.  

Nobody ever sees us coming."
"I think a 7-10 projection is a little ridiculous but most analysts aren't hot on the Ravens for legitimate reasons.

The AFC is an incredibly competitive conference. The AFCN also has three legitimate contenders for the division and maybe 4 if the Bengals get their act together. There is a very good chance that the Ravens do not win their division. If that happens they will likely be in a competitive race with several other very good teams for a wildcard spot.  The Ravens could have a good record and still not make it into the playoffs if things don't go exactly their way.

The Ravens have also failed to make a huge splash in free agency or the draft in the past couple of years. The Ravens have signed contributors but they really haven't made any signings that obviously improve the team to more casual analysts. When the Raven's biggest signing in free agency is Sammy Watkins, a guy who might be WR3 on some of the better teams in the league, analysts are going to have questions about the quality of the roster and what the front office is doing to improve. The top names in the AFC seem to be getting better while the Ravens at best are just maintaining their position.

I think the Ravens are also seen as far too reliant on Lamar Jackson for many analysts to feel comfortable predicting them going all the way. The Ravens need Jackson to have an amazing performance every game if they're going to make it into the playoffs and be a contender for the Super Bowl. If Lamar Jackson has an off-game the roster isn't seen as strong enough to carry the team to victory. The team lives/dies by Lamar Jackson and it's hard to expect a single player to have dominate performances for 17+ weeks in row.

I think we are going to have a good season this year but I totally understand why people who aren't fans of the team have serious questions."
"I prefer to remain unnoticed.  Coming out of nowhere and surprising everyone makes for a good story.  That said, our offense _is_ hurting right now.  It's going to take a while to get up to speed."
First time? Lol
We probably didnt improve on the o line. No splash defensive signings lost two pass rushers have a wr room that currently has Watkins as the only fully healthy guy not sure if Hollywood will play week 1. And we drafted a project OLB in the first. We didnt on paper get better.
"I think the only award we could realistically get is MVP or OPOY for lamar, which i think is unlikely, and defensive rookie of the year for oweh, which is also unlikely. Also, 6 teams had a better record than us last season and 4 teams had the same record as us, which means we were in the 7-11 range and we didn’t really get that much better in the offseason."
who do you have winning any awards?
"I could honestly see that in the event of even two key injuries to the olonline.  We have zero depth there.  But healthy, floor is 10-7, ceiling is 1 seed in the AFC."
"7-10 seems a bit harsh but I do think there is some cause for concern or at least I understand why people aren't crowning the Ravens as Super Bowl favorites. I don't think the Ravens will be bad but there's still a decent amount of questions with this team (will the pass rush be effective, is the O Line really much better than last year, will the new passing game actually work) and the second half of the schedule isn't kind. imo this is a 11-6 team with the potential to be both 13-4 or  8-9."
"I saw the exact thing you saw, try re-reading it. They did 20000 simulations and chose 1 that they thought was most interesting. They didn’t average results, this wasn’t a prediction, they just chose 1 random simulation to get some attention. They only chose it because it had a lot of storylines, rookie QBs making playoffs, underdogs prevailing, a super bowl draught ending. They admit it’s not realistic. They also mention that 3 Ravens WRs get season ending injuries, so that record is reasonable in that scenario. Stop making a big deal out of nothing"
Injuries
Story of our lives as a ravens fan nothing new we like that
"Lack of recent playoff success is probably another factor, we've only won two playoff games since our last Superbowl nine years ago. Even if you are fielding good teams, no one cares if they can't make it past the divisional."
"1) Why do you care?
2) That’s an exception, I’ve seen dozens and dozens of season predictions and not one giving the Ravens a losing record.
3) Which Raven do you expect to win an end of season award? Because I sure as hell don’t expect any myself."
With jk injury and the health of the wide receivers and Gregg being Gregg and the line being upgraded
"It's BR so your first mistake was reading it, other than that I don't see any issue with there picks. I mean of course Mahomes is going to be a favorite every yr for MVP, Dak is obviously a favorite to win CPOY award."
"The team has a lot of continuity, the same identity they've had for years, they didn't make a splash in FA, and they didn't win the conference. Teams like that often get underrated as people look to pick the hot new team, or just say 'Well I guess whoever won last year is who I think will be good this year.' It's way more fun to predict Josh Allen will win the MVP than to say ""Baltimore will be slightly better in the playoffs and win it all."""
No worries -- it works to our advantage this way.
"Probably because they haven't beaten the chiefs under Lamar, so until that happens people are gonna downplay them unless that happens"
Let em sleep. We good.
We've always been doubted. Use it as fuel!
"I don't mind it, we always play better with a chip on our shoulder.

Lamar plays way better when he thinks he has something to prove over thinking it's in the bag."
It'll continue throughout the season too. Unless we beat the Chiefs. We could be 6-1 at the bye week and unless one win was against the Chiefs we'll still be a projected wild card.
ESPN hates the Ravens
Everyone is choking on the Browns dick right now bc they've been able to stack a stupid amount of talent with the 704 high first round picks they've got from being ass forever.
"Let them sleep but if we win the Super Bowl I think they have to make a case for Lamar being the best in the league through the context of how fucking ridiculously hard the 2021 schedule is. It seems like a set up with those 3 straight division straight. This year will be the ultimate test for Lamar with the hard schedule, his contract extension, people doubting him etc. I think he’s up for the challenge let’s go FLOCK."
I like being over looked I think we play better.  When we are talked about is when it goes south
"ESPN and Bleacher Report are awful, they usually have no idea what they’re talking about"
"Because we don't bring views, so no one wants to spend air time talking about us."
"Yes, it seems like a yearly occurrence. Ravens get under valued on offense, but respected on defense. Most media outlets have us power ranked b/w 5 and 12... and behind the Browns for the AFC North crown.  Who cares?  I have total confidence in Harbaugh and Lamar to get the offense flying this year.  I think we'll get 12 wins and the Division. Real question is can we win 2+ play off games. I think we can. Lamar needs to be careful with Covid."
People sleep on the Ravens almost every year you get used to it lol
Honestly I’ve always liked us as the underdogs. It just seems like we thrive off of people sleeping on us.
The season is pretty close to being a throwaway before we even play our first game. Everyone is hurt or old.
"We have an O-line that has barely played together yet, running backs are dropping like flies, and a receiving corps that was hurt for most of camp. 7-10 is harsh, but it’s not going to be a walk in the park this year, especially early."
Just the way we like it.
That isn't sleeping on the Ravens. It is actually pissing on the Ravens to wash away their dump.
It's because people are finally realizing that Lamar isn't good.
Lamar cant throw and gus is under appreciated
""
Denver
"The only ones on IR that can return are Boykin and Bateman, so they can't come back until Week 4 at the soonest.

Jimmy avoided going on IR, so I'd have to assume sooner than Week 4. Harbaugh said he hoped to have him out there practicing this week, so if he doesn't suit up Friday or Saturday, I'd assume maybe Week 2.

Boyle is a bit of a weird case because we couldn't put him on IR, but we did activate him from the PUP. Harbaugh said he doesn't think Boyle plays Week 1, and the Tomlinson signing confirms that IMO, yet he appears to be practicing. It'll be interesting to see what the first injury report says, but I'm guessing Week 2-3

Beyond that, I think everyone else is ""good"". I know Wolfe sat out practice today but I haven't heard about him having anything. Hollywood and Watkins are back at practice. And Hill just tore his Achillies so"
"Guys like Bateman and Jimmy and whoever else is injured, when are they all expected to be back healthy? What week could we field a potentially full healthy roster provided no further injuries?"
"I'm going to say that MNF game against the Colts, week 4. Barring if no one gets injured from now until then, I think that's when we'll have close to the whole team on the field(hopefully everyone)."
"I just hope this is the brunt of the injury bug for us this year, feels like we've already seen enough big injuries (Fort, Bateman, JK, Hill even if I don't think he's very good). 

By week 4 I'm expecting the non-IR guys to come back, Jimmy will probably be back for the Chiefs game then maybe a game or two in October, should be 4-5 games from him in late november-december. Tavon Young should hopefully last for the Chiefs game but that may be wishful thinking"
"My prediction:

Boyle and Jimmy both back week 2. Bateman back week 6. Boykin feels like a “they’ll stash him until they need him” type situation."
"Given Vegas has the line for the Ravens at 11.5 wins, thought it would be interesting to see what this sub thinks.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pj4och)"
I think people underestimate just how tough our division is.
"If it’s over, it’s 12-5. Schedule is pretty insane this year, given the Browns and Steelers are played twice as usual, plus we also have to face KC, Rams, Packers, Miami who are all good teams. Could also make arguments for both the Chargers and Vikings games being much harder than they would’ve been last season. Still trust the team to perform at a high enough level that they should be winning a good portion of those games, but it’s definitely not gonna be an easy season"
Everybody will say over 11.5 because it’s a Ravens subreddit.
10 wins feels like the floor so I said over
I find it hard to picture this team than anything other than 12-5. 11-6 seems soooo low. 13-4 can put you in a race for the One Seed. 12-5 seems perfect.
I think we go 11-6
"Holy shit there are a lot of homers here.  I am a diehard fun since 96, but I'm not blind.  I'll be shocked if they somehow manage 10 wins.  Defense doesn't win championships anymore and they aren't going to have any offense."
I’m going to say under - I’m worried about a slow start with new pieces/getting the receivers healthy again plus a tough schedule. I think 11-6 sounds about right
"I’m taking the under all day. With their schedule, constant injuries, Lamar missing time, receivers missing just about all of camp, O-line all missing time meaning the offense has not nearly had enough time to get any kind of rhythm/cohesiveness together one would think they will struggle. I’m thinking 10 wins 11 max."
14-3
"Ravens Fans Near Madison, Wisconsin! 

Looking to bring Ravens fans together to watch Ravens play the Raiders next Monday night at 7:15 PM CST at a bar with outdoor space in Madison, WI

Message me if interested in joining now or for future games!"
"1. 2012 vs 49ers, Super Bowl-Highest possible stakes in an insane game with a game-winning goal line stand against his brother after a power outage delay.

2. 2012 @ Broncos, AFC Divisional round-Huge upset against Peyton Manning with Flacco playing possibility the best game of his career, the Mile High Miracle, 2 Corey Graham picks, and Justin Tucker as a rookie hitting the game winner in OT.

3. 2012 @ Patriots, AFC Championship-Revenge for the 2011 horrific loss, Flacco and Boldin played great, and the defense shut down Tom Brady. 

4. 2009 @ Patriots, AFC Wildcard game-Came in to New Engaland and stunned them, dominating the Patriots the whole game. Started with the 83 yard Ray Rice touchdown and forced 4 Tom Brady turnovers.

5. 2020 @ Titans, AFC Wildcard game-Revenge for the 2019 upset and Lamar Jackson proved that he’s able to win in the playoffs.

6. 2014 @ Steelers, AFC Wildcard game-Upset their toughest rival and the division winner with a Terrell Suggs pick between his legs and a return of January Joe. 

7. 2008 @ Titans, AFC Divisional round-Upset the number 1 seed in Tennessee with Flacco as a rookie, defense played outstanding, and a game winning Matt Stover field goal.

8. 2020 @ Browns, Week 14-Lamar Jackson coming back in and throwing a 50 yard touchdown, then later leading a game winning drive with a Tucker field goal in basically must-win game.

9. 2018 vs Browns, Week 17-CJ Mosley interception to lead the Ravens to win the division and to make the playoffs for the first time in 4 years.

10. 2012 vs Patriots, Week 3-Torrey Smith’s amazing game after his brother passed away and Tucker as a rookie hit the game winning field goal against Brady and Belichick after the 2011 AFC Championship.

HM: 2011 @ Steelers, Week 9-Game winning touchdown pass to Torrey Smith in Pittsburgh"
"it probably doesn't belong in a ""top 10"" list, but a personal favorite was the beatdown we laid on the Rams, in LA, in prime time during the 2019 season. the Lamar hype train was already rolling but feel like that game launched it into the stratosphere."
"I have a canvas print of the Torrey catch from 2011 hanging next to the TV where I usually watch football. 

I taught the next day with no voice because of that play."
"These are just the most notable.

Missing important games that are lowkey slept on like the 2011 Cardinals game where we were down 24 to 3 at the half. Fighting back showed our teams spirit. 

Another comeback is I think the 2016 Browns week 2. Down 20 to 0 and the Ravens block the extra point and return it for 2. End up winning 25 to 22 circ.

Games like the Steelers game with Ryan Mallet just a team who should not win but do because of Harbs coaching plain and simple. That team does not win without Harbs making them believe they could.

Other ones like the 9 to 6 Chiefs game just a complete ahit fest but we still won. The 2008 Miami playoff game made me a believer in Harbs. Lots of good games I'm sure i am forgetting some.

Even games in which we lost. Like in 2012 the Broncos and Giants games lose week 15 yet come back the next game and dominate the giants to win the divison as we went from 9 and 2 to 9 and 5. And needed a win with 0 momentum. Giants game let us rest starters week 17. (So no the Chargers 4th and 29 game doesnt mean we miss the playoffs with a loss)"
Where’s the greatest 2 minutes in nfl history vs the Vikings in 2013?
"Honorable mention to the 2019 win against the Patriots. Yes, it was in the regular season, and yes, that Patriots team was suspect. But at the time it was a ""historic"" Patriots defense and Lamar TRASHED them. I remember NBC playing Ghostbusters at the break because  a few weeks earlier Darnold said that defense had him ""seeing ghosts""."
"The first Steelers game from 2011 is always underrated and I think could have a shot at the list. The ""not a real rivalry"" talk was spiraling out of control all offseason long only for us to start the season by absolutely beating the shit out of them in every way imaginable. It gets bonus points because literally every star player had a moment to shine - Reed got 2 picks, Ray got 1 and forced a fumble, Suggs got 3 sacks and 2 forced fumbles and Ngata of course feasted."
Comeback against the cards and 4th and 29 deserve at least honorable mentions imo
"i’d put the ‘18 browns week 17 win higher. three year playoff drought, win and in, after what happened in ‘17 week 17 harbaugh easily could’ve lost his job if we blew that game too. it was just so cathartic once cj made that interception that like everything was back on track w the organization. losing to the chargers might make it seem less important in retrospect but in the moment it was one of the most relieving victories in the harbaugh era

plus the cherry on top of the heinz field viewing party lol"
"My personal Honorable Mention will always be the week 16 2008 victory over the Cowboys in their last game at Texas Stadium. I've detested the Cowboys for way longer than the Ravens have been in the league.

Not only did the Ravens finish out the fourth quarter with back to back seventy-plus yard touchdown runs from scrimmage by Willis MacGahee and LeRon McClain, when the Cowboys were trying to come back, but Ed Reed had two picks and Derrick Mason grabbed a touchdown pass with one arm, a broken collarbone on the other. Last game of the first year for both Joe Flacco and John Harbaugh. One of my favorite games ever."
"Am I the only one who would rate the Mile High Miracle as the best win ever, even over the SB? It had way better storylines than the SB and that magical pass by Flacco to Jones. 

The SB meanwhile has a boring outage in the middle of it."
"Honestly I wouldn't put the Titans playoff win last year. Yes it was revenge but ultimately it didn't lead to anything since a week later we dropped a whopping 3 points. I would probably put either Lamars perfect game against the Rams in 2019, or his other one against the dolphins in 2019, or the Vikings snow game from 2013."
"I think #9 could be higher, maybe even as high as 4th on this list? I favor this game cause the Steelers were watching (on the jumbotron) Mosley picking off Baker to win the Division. The way the broadcasting set it up, with the Pitt players staying in the stadium watching us only to lose their hopes, felt like we won more than just the division keeping Pitt outta the playoffs."
I think #7 should be higher. We beat the #1 seed with a rookie QB. That's insane. It should be way higher than last year's win over the Titans.
"I'd like to nominate beating the 10-2 49ers Week 13 of the 2019 season, surviving their vaunted #1 defense in the pouring rain at the Bank. That was a big one for Lamar and the season as a whole.

>HM: 2011 @ Steelers, Week 9-Game winning touchdown pass to Torrey Smith in Pittsburgh

Such a great moment. I was there! It went from a deafening roar to utter silence in seconds. \*chef's kiss\*"
"The 2011 win vs the Steelers is the best 2-minute drill I have ever seen. No matter how many WRs dropped passes on that drive, Joe remained stoic and delivered pass after pass until finally Torrey got it in."
2012 vs chargers. Ray Rice converts 4th and 29. I turn off the TV the play before in frustration.
That 2009-2010 season playoff win against the Pats was also the first time the Ravens ever beat the Patriots.
"NGL, ill take the AFC championship game vs the Broncos as the #1 over our 2nd bowl win. 

I remember how excited I was for the Ravens winning the superbowl, but then I remember how flippin' crazy I was when Jacoby caught that miracle TD. Lamar's Houdini run almost encapsulated what I felt."
I'd replace one of them with the win against the Seahawks from our 14-2 season
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pj5cbj)"
Like 2013 we were extremely mediocre and the only argument I could see is making noise in the post season is that we had Flacco.
2017. Had a number of heartbreaking losses otherwise I think we would have won at least one game given what the other playoff teams looked like.
"whatever year the eagles beat the patriots, 3rd sb ring"
Definitely 04’.
"I can’t go with 2013. No way no how. Our offensive line was atrocious and so was our QB and RB play as a result.

I was too young and not into football in 2004 (I was 7) so can’t really say. It was between 2016 and 2017, and I ended up after deliberation choosing 2016 bc 2017 was just way too inconsistent (that London game we don’t talk about, getting swept by the Steelers, etc). 2017 we choked when it mattered most *against a losing team.* At least in 2016 when we lost it was to an actual contender."
I think the 2016 team was honestly more well rounded than the 2017 team by the end of the year
"Wife and I and a couple of friends are going to Baltimore in December for the GB game. We will have all day Saturday to do whatever and then game Sunday so we wanna know what else there is to do for the day? I've been to the national aquarium already, and it'll probably be too cold for the zoo. Looking for suggestions, thanks!"
"Hey, not from Balt, but when we first went for a Ravens game we did a day in DC at the Smithsonian, it is all free, and absolutely an awesome time. About an hour on the train to get there. The fort in Baltimore is also fun, and there are lots of good restaurants also. UA headquarters store is great too if you like their clothes, lots of unique ravens gear."
[deleted]
"Since it will be the holiday season, y'all should check out [34th Street!](https://www.christmasstreet.com/)"
"Casino, Guinness Brewery, plus tons of other local ones."
"Federal Hill Park for great pics, overlooks entire downtown Inner Harbor skyline.

Fed Hill area (just SE of the park, has a bunch of bars).

Horseshoe Casino right next to the stadium if ya wanna gamble.

Little Italy, some of the best Italian food in the city.

Jimmy's Seafood if you're into that.

Uber is cheap, non-peak hrs.  But, water taxi in the harbor is a unique experience.

Just don't venture to West Bmore.  If you've watched The Wire, you know."
Fort Mchenry
"Fort McHenry, museums, stroll around the bars/shops in Fells Point or Hampden, breweries, catch a show, etc. There is tons to do."
"good on ya baltimore. asked a similar question to bostonians for a conference and they were a buncha massholes about it. i was like, ""hey, i'm only in your city due to professional obligations. if i had my way, i'd light my money on fire before I spend it in boston"""
Go visit Dangerously Delicious Pies. It's a must.
"You’ll come in time for the holidays to see 34th Street in Hampden! Beautiful when the block’s lit up, always draw large crowds lol

There’s also Fort McHenry, bars and clubs in Fells Point and Fed Hill, Visionary Art Museum in Federal Hill, Federal Hill itself, Walther Art Museum, Guinness Brewery just southwest of the city, and our famous National Aquarium.

And then of course if you wanted to go to DC for the museums that’s cool too, DC is only about an hour from Baltimore."
What are you into?
How old are y'all and what do you usually like to do in your spare time?
"Eat Blue Crabs, drink natty b'oh, visit E. A. Poes grave!"
"The zoo is an awesome walk.

The B&O train museum is cool if you are in to that sort of thing.  Plenty of bar towns (canton, fells point, fed hill)"
The Aquarium is must see
""
Since locast has decided to discontinue services is it possible to watch the bills vs steelers game for example through slingtv next sunday? I tried to look through the future listings without much luck
Sling doesn't carry local tv
Sling with sports gets you Redzone
WJZ is showing it last I checked
As a former Locast customer I had to go to YouTube TV for the start of the season as I explore cheaper alternatives. YouTube TV gives you locals and espn nfl network etc.
"Seeing a lot of Raiders fans and fans of other teams picking the Raiders in an upset. I know they signed/drafted some key guys and brought in Gus Bradley, but I just don’t see it. I think we are the better team by far. I got the Ravens by at least two scores. Am I crazy? I know it’s the first game in their new stadium but still… What do you guys think? What is your confidence level going in?"
"Week 1 Ravens are stupid good, raiders defense sucks. 44-27 Ravens win"
34-10 Ravens.  Game is never in doubt.
"Fairly confident. 

We're really going to need to start with a win because Week 2 is going to be hard as hell.

Lamar has started hot each of the last two years. And the Raiders Defense doesn't exist.

I like our odds.

We ruined Jerry's new stadium opener. Let's ruin Davis's."
"I’ve gotta see the new Lamar.  Does he look like MVP Lamar or last year Lamar.  Can we snap the ball?  Do they figure out how to make Queen more successful/has he improved?  Is Roman still using an IHOP menu to call plays or has be designed better concepts?  Have the awesome new receivers coaches helped improve their players?  Who steps up in Dobbins place and can bring explosion to this offense to help Lamar?

I’m feeling pretty good.  11 wins.  Think we beat Oakland."
My lifelong Raiders friend has little faith in his team. Defense sucks and the Oline is practically brand new. Waller is going to be a problem though.
We will run all over them. Thinking it looks like the game against the Cowboys last year. Balanced attack but 6-7+ yards per carry every time.
It’ll be closer than people expect but Bmore will win
"It's a good thing that the Raiders defense isn't that good, because injuries have dismantled our offense.  I'm pretty sure that our defense will do fine.  Unless we start committing turnovers, we're in a reasonably good position to win."
Certain members of the media love to portray Gruden as some sort of offensive guru but he's never really shown much on offense as a head coach. His only Super Bowl was with Tony Dungee's team. I don't think that it will be close and that the Ravens will cruise. This is from someone who is very hesitant to predict anything regarding the Ravens.
"I’m confident in a win, but Waller and Jacobs are great, and don’t sleep on Bryan Edwards. He was hurt much of last year but he made a lot of amazing plays in college (when we aren’t playing him, I’m hoping he develops into a beast - I’m a SC fan)."
"Bet the ravens, ez"
"Offense has barely played together as a full unit in eight months, but for some reason we always dominate in Week 1. We’ll find a way to win, but Week 2 is a whole different story."
"Very good. Last year's Raiders were 24th in yards per rush, 24th in overall rush yards allowed, tied for 31st in rushing TDs allowed, tied for 31st in fumbles generated, and 27th in 20+ rushes allowed. Their rushing defense was atrocious in 2020.

Maybe Yannick, Solomon Thomas, and Quinton Jefferson will combine to make their rushing defense a little less horrible, but it's still not going to be good. Our passing game is probably going to take a little while to get going given how much time Lamar, Hollywood, and Watkins all missed, but as long as our defense is competent, that won't even matter because we should be able to run at-will.

An upset is possible, but I just do not see it at all. Our big strength is going up against one of their big weaknesses. Waller is probably going to give us some trouble because he's just that good and we still need to see if Queen is capable of holding his own in year two, but I'll take the Gus Bus vs. that defensive line any day of the week."
"Honestly I think we’re sleeping on the raiders too much and there’s a good chance we lose this game. They have a completely new scheme so it’s impossible to film study exactly what it will look like, and in their starting defensive line up they are only returning 5 of the 11 that played last year and the rest are backups. Plus their offense is unstoppable as they’ve proved they move down the field regardless of how good the defense is (they tend to stall in the RZ though). The key to us winning will be forcing turnovers. If we can pressure carr he’ll give away free fumbles or an interception and that will be key. If we fall behind, their momentum in a new stadium with fans will be difficult to come back because Lamar will be forced to force the throw more with a depleted receiving unit and shaky pass protecting O line.

Also we need to avoid the shootout like we did the browns. The raiders are primed to win shootouts as they proved they can score with the best of them as it’s been proven in the two chiefs games last year."
I have a boner for football to start
Only wild card is a loud crowd in the first game in LV with full crowd. I don’t think it’s too big of a factor unless it affects snaps.
For some reason I’m really nervous. The thought came to mind that there’s a somewhat small chance that we could start 0-2 has been bothering me lol. Could just be the nerves getting to me
"Annoyed.

I am going to be on an airplane. Not sure how I am going to follow the game."
Awesome
Why are so many people picking a Raiders upset? Their defense is still dogshit as far as I know.
W
Nervous AF.
""
Might be a hot take but I wouldn’t mind Le’Veon on a cheap deal to be a 3rd down/reception back
I like it. Sign Le’Veon
🧲🚪
"I'd sooner sign Duke Johnson off the Jags PS. He's a decent receiving back and whilst he has spoken out before, it was considerably less egotistical than Bell.

Plus he's humble enough to have signed on to a practice squad."
As the 3rd RB either of these two are better then Justice Hill.
"Wouldn’t mine Bell as long as 
1. It’s a cheap 1 year deal given the fact he older 
2. He keeps that toxic ass mentality out of our locker room it’s not Flock culture and Harbs won’t stand for that shit (especially considering he had beef w Fat Andy)

But he’s clearly an upgrade over Hill as our RB3"
🧲 🚪 SZN
"Looking at the numbers, Bell is a good signing, but his attitude isn't going to work here. He's a Me First, You Second kind of person and is not the kind of player that does well with this franchise. If he's not the #1RB, he's going to be a problem in the club house. He can't abide being a back-up.

Mark my words: the moment he has his first opportunity, he's going to hit social media and shit talk Gus and the coaches for not starting him.

He's not going to fit in, and he's going to cause disruptions."
bell > freeman > gurley  either way I have extremely low expectations
Bell would probably just sit out this year than play for what we can afford
"I'm down for Le'Veon if he's willing to buy in. The Earl Thomas situation last year showed there's little tolerance for me-first guys in the Ravens locker room, and Bell has had a history of being that kind of guy. That said, if he can check his ego at the door - both in behavior and in salary because we're not paying more than vet minimum for a guy who hasn't produced in years - then I'm all for it. We know from years of firsthand experience that he's a versatile player who's a better receiver than most receivers, and he's still under 30. That's a great option as your RB3 with Justice out."
🧲🚪
Tj yeldon is a better option in my opinion.
Le'veon is not a bad 3rd down option.  I believe he still has something left in the tank. Devonta Freeman has definitely looked washed a few seasons now. Pass on him.
"Rooting for Bell.  His on field play would fit really well with the Ravens, though I worry about getting him to buy in to the Ravens culture.  Hard to tell what was him, what was Steelers being shitty, and what was media spinning a story during the whole hold out thing."
I don’t think Bell’s patient running style really fits what we need. Freeman is just washed.
Interdasting...
We should work out Kerryon Johnson. A bit injury prone but he's young and a definite upgrade over Hill. I bet we could land him for a cheap price too
"Smh lol, oh ye of [little faith.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/pe0ua5/dobbins_officially_done_for_the_season_per/hau4n4t/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)"
Remember when it looked like there was a chance we could have signed bell 2 years ago
"I just want someone who can catch. I feel like Gus can more than handle whatever amount of carries he’s given and I also like Williams as a runner.




Would love Duke Johnson."
I think it's time for a Jamal Lewis and Ray Rice recall...
Sign Le'Veon Bell simply for the troll Factor
Gross
yea sign Le'Veon
"Oh goodness, how low can we stoop as a franchise?"
""
Thats tragic. RIP
"r.i.p.  

*Lamar Comin'...*"
Baltimore Icon
"you come at the king, you best not miss"
"Undoubtedly, Omar was my favorite character in television history, maybe all of fiction. 

The only celebrity death that hit me harder was Alex Trebek."
"Damn dude. He was an incredible actor. 


“Ayo!”"
"Damn, now I'm getting chills imagining him doing this, and I'm sad again  😔"
That’s sad.  Guess Bunk will have to do.
Joe probably propositioning Omar in the after life right now.
I'm truly heartbroken that he is dead at such a young age. A great actor indeed.
R.I.P
RIP man… shit fucking sucks
 https://twitter.com/AaronWilson\_NFL/status/1434984834561150985
🧲🚪
Le'Veon Bell next to Lamar with Greg Roman up in the booth? Let me get that.
"Look if there's any team that could revive Bell's career, it's us. Perfect system imo. Plus we do need a good pass catching RB, and Bell has excelled at that."
Anyone know anything about Elijah Holyfield from his college days? We need a PS RB and would be interesting to know how he played out.
Imagine baltimore reviving this man's career
Holyfield is way too slow. Le'Veon may be able to revive what's left of his career if we sign him.
I bet we sign Bell and have him active for Monday.
The best option I see right now is to trade for Mark Ingram with the Texans... We need our man back at the helm.
Bahar couldnt pick up the playbook in the entire time he was here it would be a waste of a PS Space especially with us having Trace on the PS already.
"If I were EDC I would call Caserio up in Houston and see what he wants for one of his backs on the roster

* Mark Ingram

* Phillip Lindsay

* David Johnson

* Rex Burkhead"
Kenji Bahar at RB? Huh?
I’d like to bring in someone younger and more unknown I feel like we are pretty good at bringing in guys like that
Anyone selling any tickets for this game. I'm looking forward to this game and I thought I try my chance of getting some tickets from my favorite sub. Let me know your price
"Same here, lmk"
Bro shoulda just don’t Gametime or stubhub
""
Season hasn’t started and we can’t catch a break already
FUCKING FADE MY LIVER THIS SEASON FAM
"sad for him to get such a devastating injury, but i’m surprised by the panic in the comments. a blow to special teams on such short notice, but he’s been a non factor on offense outside of 3rd down pass protection since he’s been here. definitely wish we still had mccrary but hills production is not going to be hard to replace with practice squad/free agent vets"
Y’all acting like Justice was going to be a pivotal part of our offense
Rest in pepperoni
Look on the bright side he can’t give everyone else COVID and derail the season.
I honestly would have preferred us cutting him and trying to upgrade the RB3 position anyway. There are still really good RBs out there that we could pick up.
Jesus Christ these injuries are killing us. I know it’s preseason but good lord it seems like everyone’s been hurt at least once
People really worrying in this thread about losing a player most of us hoped would be cut a week ago
"Cool. Cool cool cool. No doubt, no doubt, no doubt, no doubt.





FUUUUUUUUUUCK."
Sheesh!! At this point they may want to see if Jamal Lewis wants to come out of retirement.
"Even before this happened I had been thinking it would be interesting to give Devin Duvernay some carries. He's great with the ball in his hands, and while he looks improved as a route runner this year, he's still pretty far down on the wide receiver depth chart. Giving him some carries would be a good way to get more use out of his athletic ability, just use him as an all around offensive weapon. With JK down for the season we don't really have a running back with breakaway speed."
Bro what the FUCK
This thread is embarassing
Gus goes down anytime this season and this team is in real trouble
"Interestingly, there's no RB on the practice squad. Going to need to sign someone."
And Denver already stole McCrary from us. Sad
"Bring back McCrary

Oh wait"
"Very unfortunate about Hill, gruesome injury and he knows the playbook and is solid on special teams. Wouldn’t mind picking Bell or Freeman up at this point."
"Unfortunate, but this could actually workout really well in our favor if we can pick up Le'Veon or Freeman at the right price to fill out the chart.

Both have massive upside in our committee system, especially as pass premiere catching backs."
"I have a feeling that we're going to hear a lot of ""Lamar Jackson is underperforming"" when he has practically no weapons."
"Well, fuck this season. Somehow we find a way to fuck it up and it hasn't even started yet."
We might be a pass-first team after all.
Did our coaches shit on an Indian burial ground this offseason?
Damn the dude here that said hill is gonna be the xfactor jinxed him
"The issue isn’t that we lost Justice Hill, the issue is that we now only have 2 healthy rbs on the active roster. Now we are having to choose between a cancer, a washed player, and a practice squad player. Also we only have about 1.5 million in cap space left (according to overthecap.com). This is very bad."
Wtf
excuse me what the fuck
Why the hell didn't we cut this anti-vax dude and sign McCrary instead to the 53 man roster?
Does anyone think laveon has anything left to offer? He would be playing the Steelers  twice a year.
"Too bad they didn’t cut him and keep mccrary…. Either way this is meh.  Hill might have seen 5 snaps a game, that’s easily replaceable"
[removed]
"everyone here who been saying he isnt it, feels good to be right and we can finally move on"
Can we just fire the S&T coach already good lord
Bruhhh now the injury bug is coming after us ...FUCK. We’re gonna need some serious depth.
Really weird to see sub that was so anti-Justice Hill now suddenly saying the sky is falling because he got hurt...
Might not be the worst thing to give someone else a try - Hill hasn't done much with the opportunities he's had but he's been good enough to stick on the roster.  He's been kind of a 'promoted to incompetence' player.
Half the sub wanted to cut this dude a week ago….
Any chance to snag derrick gore off KC's practice squad?
"At a certain point you have to wonder wtf they’re doing with conditioning, cuz yea injuries happen in preseason but this is getting ridiculous"
Another anti-vaxxer gone. Yay!
"SIGN FRANK GORE, WHY NOT?"
Sign Leveon
At least Justice Hill isn’t all that important. And he’s an anti-vaxxer conspiracy theorist. No thanks.
All aboard the Gus Bus
Tyson Williams time I guess
Who we signing?
Wrap Lamar up in bubble until Sunday
"Coming in connection with Dobbins's injury it definitely sucks. I would have kept Williams over Hill were there no injuries to RB's, but was fine with a trio of Edwards, Williams, and Hill going into the season. I figure we'd get at least what he produced last year.

Now, who knows?  The timing sucks too, because McCrary was picked up by another team.

I am hoping they look more at young guys than aging vets."
Omfg what is happening?!?! Ravens should seriously sign Todd Gurley it's become that desperate
Damn whole team gunna be on IR at this rate...
Hill was such a none factor last season and this pre season.
I honestly like Freeman and would feel better about him than Bell.
yeah this is not looking good.
How do we get Ingram back?
I wonder if Dobbins and Hill would take vaccines for leg injuries 🤔
"This is crazy, a washed up Le'veon Bell is not going to help this squad. Gotta make a trade for a RB2 asap!!"
What the fuck is wrong with our practice fields. This shit is an annual occurance at this point. The team barely limps out of training camp every year
Told y’all…cursed season
"Injuries are really fucking us. This WILL be a problem in the season. The measure of how bad it will be is yet to be know but we are without a doubt at a significant disadvantage right now. Between guys already out, guys coming back from last years season ending injuries, and guys who missed a lot of camp - this is not good. 

One of the worst if not worst offseason I can remember the Ravens having."
Please come home Mark Ingram
"Someone call our lord and savior…


We need BUCK!"
[deleted]
How out of shape is Kenneth Dixon
I wonder how much to read for Lindsey? Or duke? Screw it bring back Ingram
I'll take Collins or Gurley plz
""
The only way for the NFL to catch up with Lamar is if he slows down.
">So The NFL Doesn’t Catch Up

Never had never will until Lamar goes down or slows down."
Needs to get vaxxed so covid doesn’t force a slow down
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pjaec9)"
Nevermind just saw the news
Justice hill tore his Achilles. Out for season.
The healthy one
""
Ravens are 5-0 when Buck gets at least 15 carries. The stats don’t lie
"Yall a Buncha of cowards. 

In Buck We Trust"
"When the world needed him most, he vanished."
"There you go again, McNulty, givin’ a Buck when it ain’t yo turn."
I do not buck with these other comments
League would indeed be BUCKED
Buck yeah motherbucka
Buck y’all that don’t see the bucking bright side in this
"same with Kenneth Dixon, I thought he was gunna be a guy"
He did play basically the same roles on special teams as Justice Hill…
Him or getting Ingram back as someone who knows the offense and are great guys in the locker room. We need someone
If anything I just want him back so I can get Bucked on the regular again.
I think I just got bucked. I must be a friccin moron.
Might as well bring back legend Alex Collins too
NEED*
Memes aside. No we don't unless its on a practice squad...
"Plz God, NO"
Fumble
"Heres a thought…!?
What if we just pick up Gurley for a one year deal. Gurley is a sold back. And only 27…"
"If he was so good, why didn't we keep him? He's not better than gus and rookie tyson Williams has a lot more potential the buck"
[deleted]
How amazing he’s was his biggest weakness was catching the ball out of the backfield and that’s what we need. I just wish we could have held onto McCrary
Duke Johnson would be a better fit than AP.  Pass catcher is what’s needed
"At this point in his career, he’s basically just a worse Gus edwards. Pure straight line power but he doesn’t give you much else and thats not what we need. I’d prefer Le’veon Bell"
No thanks.
Nah. We’re good.
He hates Baltimore because he got hurt during a game and the fans laughed at him. I don’t think he’s an option.
"He beats his kids and trashed our fanbase back in the day, fuck that guy, keep him out of our uniform."
"sign him then make him inactive and cut him, he deserves it for that beating he gave that child"
""
What do you mean /s? Are you saying you don’t want buck? Heretic
"Anyone else wish /s wasn’t a thing?
Kinda ruins every sarcastic joke"
""
Not a bad birthday gift.
How fucking little does Kelce make???
Mandrews has a habit of underperforming SOMETIMES but god dammit do I love this deal
Woot well deserved. Next is Lamar
"Holy shit what birthday gift.

My boy is eating tonight"
Finally some good news.
We're lucky to have this guy. I would not want my team to have to defend him.
Let's gooooooooooooo!!!!!!!
It’s worth it but he really needs to perform better in the playoffs. Top 5 TE needs to show up at the most crucial times.
Every penny
Lets goooo locking down our TE king. Lamar should be pleased with this!
Let’s go Mark!!!
Good news today!
LET'S GO
"When I first saw his name trending, i was about to go jnto hibernation thinking it was bad news"
This actually about what I’d give him.  Like I don’t think it’s an overpay which is what I was concerned we’d do.
"I know everybody’s asking the question, they wanted to know, ‘I know he’s going to wild out, I know he’s going to do something crazy.’ Everybody wanted to know what I would do if I didn’t extend Mandrews. I guess we’ll never know.


—EDC"
This makes up for the justice hill news
Let’s goooo Money Mark!!!
Let’s fuckin go!!!!!! Time to buy me a MAndrews jersey
Lots of news today. Some good news and some bad news
Birthday boy got paid!!!
That's a teeny bit high currently but it wont look bad in the future.
"Yoooooo finally some good news, we gotta extend our young core!"
yeeeeeeea
"If Marquise Brown and Bateman can be the next Torrey Smith / Anqon Bolden duo Baltimore was known for then Mandrews will be able to perform to the expectations of this deal. We aren't asking for our WRs to be the next Roddy White / Julio Jones duo...Just to be better...

Cannot wait for this season to get going...I wanna see what our boys can do!"
ENORMOUS MOVE FROM ENORMOUS DICK DECOSTA
Oh FUCK yes I am fully erect.
Solid brah. Ok now let's fucking get Lamar done yeah
Big Truss!
"This link has been shared 1 time.

First Seen [Here](https://redd.it/pjbeyn) on 2021-09-06. 

Feedback? Hate? Visit r/repostsleuthbot - 

---

**Scope:** Reddit | **Check Title:** False | **Max Age:** 99999 | **Searched Links:** 107,792,475 | **Search Time:** 0.0s"
"Technically it’s an extension, so like 12 mil a year actually if you include this season. Insane value"
Top 5 TE in the league not debatable. I honestly think this is a team friendly deal I thought he'd get more.
Clutch! EDC getting all the important pieces tied down!
That's my T1D King 💗
"If the Ravens had resigned Andrews before free agency like I was clamoring for they would have had him for probably $12M, maybe $13M. Guessing Andrews agent understands the business just as well (better) than I do and knew Hunter Henry and Jonnu Smith would get good money. 

This is 100% the right decision though and thank goodness he didn't command Kittle money. He's a warrior for this team (would have understood him sitting out last year but respect the hell out of him for playing when he's diabetic). Class act and a helluva player"
Let's go Mandrews! Time to prove you are the #1 TE in the NFL
"LETS GOOOO I was kind of afraid he wouldn’t be around long haul but seeing the love the team has for him, seeing him on Hollywood’s Instagram stories, etc really made me feel like he was going to stick around. Happy for this guy"
"Speaking of TE’s does Kelce piss off anyone else here. I guess it’s just the whole chiefs team.

Edit: Why did Antonio get suspended, when tyreek didn’t?"
"Fantastic news! I was planning on doing an Andrews or Tucker Jersey using the caesars Sportsbook promotion, but now that I know we have four more years of MANDREWS that decision has been made."
"As good as Andrews is, the Ravens are investing their assets in the wrong places.

&#x200B;

Edit: It's an overpay, he's a mediocre blocker that puts up almost elite numbers in an extremely tightend friendly system and he is getting paid Kittle and Kelce money. Complements to him and his agent."
You can't pay a TE this much and not have him on the field 50% of the time. The Roman/Harbaugh love affair with Boyle has to end.
"So like, are we just playing franchise with the cap off?"
So we can expect his hip injury any day now /s
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
You expected what else from CBS? 😬
Wait that’s Dennis Heap!
🤦‍♂️
"Nah, this is better. Got a laugh from me."
"""It's a small-market team.  No one's going to care."""
"If they have still not fired Pete Prisco, do you expect anything better from these idiots at CBS?"
How tf do they post the wrong guy? Get your shit together CBS.
"""Teammate Nick Boyle reacts to teammate's big deal.""

Also what the heck ""THE Ravens TE..."" Um there's usually 3 or 4 TEs on most NFL teams."
maybe they meant another dude
How can they be this dumb
Ayyy Mark is my favorite because we both have diabetes and he's a beast. Go Mark! Keep those sugar levels up baby!
He better not drop no crucial passes. Last year he was kinda pissing me off
[deleted]
"View in your timezone:  
[September 7th at 9PM EDT][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20210908T0100?tl=Ravens%20Fantasy%20Football%20League


^(_*Assumed EDT instead of EST because DST is observed_)"
""
"Is that the same Grice that starred in the 2014 adult film..

""Hey Dildo diddle Gray Grice up the middle""?"
0/10
[deleted]
""
"Hey Flock, 
Was just reading this interesting article about certain metrics that go into predicting win totals and looked further into it with the AFC north. 

This article states that a One-Score game is where one team beats the other by 8 points or fewer, which got me thinking about last season. On average a team will win 50% of these games. 

The Browns went 7-2 in one score games and the Steelers went 7-3 in one score games. Why does this matter? Because in the last two seasons teams that have produced a winning % of 70% or higher in one score games saw a steep drop the next season, on average losing an additional of 2.5 games. 

With that being said it’s not written in stone that these two rivals will automatically have a worse record than they did last year but statistically they both overperformed by a large margin. 

How did Baltimore do in one-score games you may ask? 
2-4. 
Which is just below the average of 50%. 

Considering we went 11-5 in that span with the amount of injuries and time missed due to Covid, along with having “bad luck” go our way with one score games I’d say we’re on track to do even better this year. 

Obviously there’s a lot of of other factors that come into play like weather, opponents, etc. I just thought this was an interesting statistical approach to how each team may perform this year 

**TLDR** Browns and Steelers overperformed last season and will regress because numbers.

Link: https://www.sharpfootballanalysis.com/betting/numbers-that-matter-for-predicting-nfl-win-totals-part-one/"
"This is excellent optimistic analysis that isn’t filled with too much homer-ism, Syrupbutthole. Thanks!"
"I'd be curious, even with the drop in one score games did their record improve overall the following year?

Ie) you are more competitive so losing against better teams by one score, but beating more equal/lesser competition?"
"Bill Barnwell used to write about this every year in his NFL preview articles on Grantland. I’m not sure if he’s still writing them after Grantland was shut down, but concept has been around for a while, and is pretty predictive over multiple seasons."
If you saw my earlier post I was looking for some tickets to the game. Well I just got scammed... I guess I'll be watching the game at home. Sucks because I was trying to spend money for my first Ravens game. Learn from my mistake
You should post which user it was so others don’t fall for the same scam
[removed]
Username does not check out
"Damn dude, that blows. Make sure to report the user to the subreddit mods and the Reddit admins. If you paid for anything with a card or PayPal or anything, try to dispute the charge. 

Otherwise, chalk it up as an expensive lesson learned."
"Who’s the user? Please post so that we can get them kicked.

Also be wary of ticket sellers on this app always."
"Make sure you dispute that shit!

Wanna share what happen to help others not to fall for it"
r/mods need to pin this
"Yeah there's nothing wrong with calling out the scammer by username in this situation. I see people looking for tickets all the time here, who knows how many people that person's scammed by now."
"Post the username. So we can ban him and bombard him with hate messages. 

He’s probably a Steelers fan. Jk"
Shit how much. I’ll contribute to the go fund me
Na I've bought tickets here supersiayansandwich is legit. Sorry about your outcome tho.
Did you use pay pal?
"I sold every one of my season tickets on Reddit this year. Even signed a legally binding document. Not blaming you by any means but not everything is a scam on here. I’m sorry to hear that happened, though. Try to look into disputing the charge through whatever method you paid. And post the username."
Yeah listen to supersiayansandwich he has sold me tickets shit he gives out preseason tickets every year you really should PM him. Take him up on his offer.
"I've bought tickets from here and didn't have a problem. The O.P. needs to post who scammed them or I start doubting them.

Edit: The OP named the person. Time to put my pitchfork down."
I've sold hundreds of tickets on here. Pm me and I'll do my best to make you whole.
If you paid using PayPal or your credit card you might be able to get your money back. Even Venmo or Cashapp will allow you to recall the money if you can prove it was a scam.
Who was the user? I’ve bout em tickets on here like 4-5 times without a single issue
"Which game?  MNF?

Shit just saw your post sorry.  Shitty assholes on the internet man"
Dispute with your bank
"Yeah I saw someone comment on my post that they wanted to offer their tickets as a season ticket holder to me since I want to take a day trip, and literally their entire comment and post history was Bollywood film stuff. Nothing sketchy about that when I couldn’t find a single Ravens post. Username was ladybug434"
What’s the users name!?
"That really sucks. I've paid close attention to social media scams for a few years. There are rings of 'professionals' in Nigeria, Kosova, southeast Asia, and in West Virginia & Alabama, who appear to do nothing but set up fake profiles and troll pages. It's awful. I've tried reporting groups to Facebook and their bots aren't doing anything."
""
Absolutely no way you were able to whip something so spectacular in less than a day
"Woah! I thought I was looking at a picture of MAndrews himself. You got everything down, from his missing left hand to his right-shoe-only Nike knock-offs."
Love it! What a masterpiece :)
So when is the Sotheby's auction for this?
Dude take this to the louvre asap
This deserves to stand the rest of time in the Walther Museum.
How much for the NFT?
"Damn, hes enormous this year. Looks how small he makes the football look. I hope losing his left hand wont impact his play though..."
Did a MICA student do this?
Lol I didn’t notice the little check on his shoe 😂
Is this an NFT?
"Sweet, my unworn jersey is still relevant."
Dayuum that’s a thicccc ass neck
""
"JFC they need to shut the fuck up on social media. 

At this point, we know there is fucking morons everywhere, there will continue to be and it’s not ever gonna stop.

With that being said, they need to shut the fuck up and get off social media. There should be something on their contracts about doing shit like this.

Stop making the organization look stupid af"
Isn’t this dude the mayor of a town in New Jersey too?? Wtf
"Before anyone asks why this is relevant, please remember how Steve Saunders contributed to this team missing our starting QB and half the other starting roster last season. I don't care what your opinions on science are, this guy can only be harmful for the team from a competitive perspective."
"Fire the mfer, he’s too replaceable to be putting our guys’ lives at risk"
“another one”
God fucking damn it.
"We’ll, nobody said he was a mask specialist."
"I'm kinda in the camp that the masks themselves don't really work as well as the government claims. But wearing a mask helps to reduce covid a bit in the same way as the flu (because it helps people keep their hands away from their face when worn properly).

They aren't as effective as they could be because people don't wear them properly and also reuse them for weeks/months at a time so anything the mask stopped.you breathing in is now on your hands.

There is no way that anyone can claim that masks don't increase protection in some way. And as someone who has worked construction I don't understand the people who can't wear them for more than 5 mins. Try wearing a full face for 8hrs"
Can we kick him out before he causes an outbreak?  It's bad enough that Lamar won't get the vaccine.
"So I'm sure then if he was in an elevator with someone visibly ill, he would have have same opinion about them wearing a mask? What about a surgeon? Should they be unmasked too while performing open heart surgery? We've been down this road. Masks work if you wear them and wear them correctly. The people I see complaining or arguing they don't work are the first ones I see never wearing them. Triggered."
God dammit. Fire this dumbass before he causes another outbreak
Fire him
Oh shit! We're full of these dudes given Harbaugh's Republican leanings. I wouldn't be shocked that Harbs himself is not pleased at getting vaxxed.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pjf6aq)"
Absolutely not a worthwhile pickup in Fantasy. He'll be a relief back and nothing else. Dude's washed and might get 5-10 carries a game.
I really hope they don't.  The guy is just pure cancer.
"I think he’s personally washed up. He didn’t even play most of last year but the team he was on made the super bowl. 

If we do sign him, I’ll root for him. But I hope we go younger and with someone who still gives a shit. I don’t want the third RB to run his mouth and be a mouthpiece all season. 

Team first. Too bad Duke Johnson signed with the Jags. He’d have been my vote. Josh Adams from the Jets likely just got called up to avoid us grabbing him from their PS."
"Need a guy to replace Hill on special teams, I have a hard time believing Bell is willing to do that for us."
Lowkey hoping for a trade to get Ingram back. Having someone who knows the offense and how to play around a guy like Lamar is significant.
"Don't remember the last time dude did something significant on the field, probably back in Pitt? He did next to nothing ever since and seems done, but if he proves he's got something left in the tank and is motivated to work hard and play hard maybe we give him a shot. We're gonna sign someone for depth tho. 

Gus Edwards is the man now, and should get a ton of carries and production, I'll be surprised if he's not a stud in fantasy from volume alone. Dude would have cracked 1000 yards every year he's been in Baltimore given a starters workload- 200+ carries. I really thought JK would be a top 10 fantasy RB1 this year, but now Gus has taken over that potential and then some with hardly no competition outside of Lamar. Listening to his interviews he's been waiting for this opportunity after being a backup for multiple seasons, and what we've seen in smaller samples out of Gus should translate well given a larger more consistent role."
Hope not.
Prefer Gurley or Collins
""
"Probably after he’s exhausted all options to play, still technically a FA."
That doesn't really happen in football as much as other sports.   Other sports will sign a 1 day contract to retire with a certain team so that they will go into the HOF as a member of that team.  It doesn't work like that in the NFL so players and teams don't normally bother with it.
[deleted]
"They’ll be good. They’re loaded on paper, I wouldn’t be surprised if they take the division this year but it’s a possibility they’re going to crash and burn at some point like they almost did last season. It’s going to be tough as fuck beating them twice in the span of 3 weeks and we got the Steelers sandwiched in between those 2 games. As for Baker it’s no doubt about it a make or break season for him. Last season he barely finished like a TD pass above Lamar and this was Lamar’s “worst” season. They’re either a top 4 seed or fighting for a wild card"
Their level of talent is undeniable despite years of being the butt of the joke in AFC North. It's actually kinda ridiculous that there are still Ravens fans who unironically call them a garbage team. I get homerism and division rivals and all that but these guys are freakin legit.
"They’re a good team. Yeah they’re historically awful, but they’re undeniably a good team rn and ravens fans need to accept that. I do think Baker has underperformed given how stacked his team is, but he’s not bad and the team is just too well-rounded to be bad. They’ll make the playoffs. Imo browns & ravens will each win 1 against each other."
"Good. If they can escape the injury bug, they could go to the SB. Browns got the pieces in place, and once they gel, look out."
"There’s no reason they shouldn’t be very good. If you’re expecting them to suck because Browns, you’re going to be disappointed."
We play them on Christmas Day in Lambeau.
they look awesome on paper but tbf they have the last few years. I think its too early to tell especially on a poverty franchise like the Browns but certainly its the best roster they have put together in a while and maybe the best HC / GM combo they have had. tbf I think if the Ravens play to their potential they can beat anyone. We have one of the most slept on yet talented teams in the NFL and Lamar is our ace in the hole. He can put us in position to win any game if everything clicks right we can beat anyone
Ever since they got Berry as GM they’ve been turning it around. They’re good.
"They have one of the best rosters in football on paper (even better than the last few years). 

If they avoid injuries and Baker plays just okay, they’re a playoff team and will probably be neck and neck with the ravens for the division. If Baker plays well, they’re a serious super bowl contender. If Baker plays like he did in 2019, they’ll probably be around .500 and miss the playoffs."
I think Stefanski has them locked and loaded. Not a peep of drama from them so far this year. There going to be tough to beat thus year
"Good coaching, good players:  yes they will be good."
"They will be good enough to piss us off.

They are going to be a thorn in our side for a few years. They finally tasted success. The now know that they *can*. 
I think we sweep them, but neither will be a blowout.
Less than twenty points combined differential."
They in the Big10 now or still a pro team?
I’ve not heard of this franchise but will look them up.
they always going to be dogshit-they are the browns
Bad because they're the Browns. Duh!
"Baring any unforeseen injuries, they should be good to compete for a AFC playoff spot, any Ravens fan who think otherwise is delusional and living in the past .They finally have  a GM (Berry) and a HC (Stefanski) who know what they are doing. As long as he has that all pro OL protecting him Baker should be fine, and the  offense is powered by the run game lead by Chubb/Hunt."
"I think they’ll be good.  Playoff team last year, with one of the best o lines there is.  Recent additions have them looking even stronger on paper this year than last."
"Looks like they have added some piece to the secondary, I'd expect them to be better/good again."
"I really don’t understand why people say baker doesn’t seem to be their quarterback? He’s not a Mahomes or Lamar but he’s arguably top 10 QB’s in the league, has chemistry with his team and coach, and is young enough to be an asset for years. What’s the hate for?"
"I think they over achieved last year and fortune smiled on them which allowed them to make the playoffs.  

They had a chance to bury the Ravens at home in prime time and didn’t get it done.  Beat the Steelers backups to qualify for the playoffs and then had the Steelers give them 28 pts in that playoff game.  The same ol Browns would have found ways to screw that up and congratulations to them for not doing so, but I don’t think that makes them a bonafide SB contender, they finished 3rd in the AFC North, AGAIN! 

I think they finish 10-7 and it wouldn’t surprise me if they missed the playoffs."
"We're using Browns metrics here right? A good Browns team ends the season at 6-11, so yeah. I think they'll be good"
They'll be bad. Why? Because they're orange.
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pji8i3)"
"First time ever doing fantasy this upcoming season, was wondering if any of my fellow ravens fans have a league for me to join?"
""
Omar (Michael K Williams) passed away. This season (and subsequent SB victory) need to be dedicated to him
"Besides The Wire, does he have a connection to Baltimore or the Ravens?"
Change the endzone to BALTIOMAR
I'm so heartbroken over this. He was one of the best actors. I need to watch Hap & Leonard now.
Omar Little. RIP dear man.
"I'm all for celebrating Michael K Williams... particularly since it looks like his death is going to be ruled accidental overdose.  Particularly in light of how bad addiction affects our communities especially Baltimore.

Maybe we don't make a monument out of a character who was the epitome of violence and death in a Baltimore community.

Not only is it cringe as fuck making your icon a fictional charter (Ex Philly and Rocky when Sonny Liston and Joe Frazier defined the Philly-cred with their careers) - but adopting the moniker of a violent drug criminal who in large part was representative of how violence and drug\\gang culture don't change in inner cities... not the best look guys...

edit- added some clarification"
:(
[deleted]
""
">Am I the only one really excited about Ty’son Williams??

You're not dude, but we just went from deep as fuck at running back to.. ""God Damn I hope this random kid is good"""
"I'm more excited to see gus shine in the starting role, but if they're both good even better."
"I think Ty'son Williams has a lot of potential, but I think the concern right now is that we only have two running backs on the roster, and neither of them is a ""third down back"" that can be relied upon heavily for pass blocking and receiving."
I'd be a lot more excited if he was the third back behind Edwards and Dobbins.
Literally just picked him up in my dynasty fantasy league. He’s got the potential to be a pretty good back. He’s 25 but limited mileage on him
I think hes got potential but I also think we are hyping him up way too much after preseason. He went undrafted for a reason. Can he be James Robinson? Sure. But there are a lot more guys who aren't James Robinson than the other way around. He'll be a good rotation guy I think and I hope he ball out and just becomes some incredible back but I think at best he's gonna be a change of pace guy who gets maybe 5-7 touches per game.
"Keep your expectations in check. People have a habit of over hyping players, then being disappointed when they don’t live up to these stupidly high expectations. Then they proceed to call them trash or a bust. 

The season is vastly different than the pre season. Though he certainly has shown he has talent and he’s in the right place to thrive. He also has a great opportunity now that JK is out for the season. Let’s hope he makes the most of it."
"I put more stock in the system rather than just the player.
Look at the broncos for example, I could be the running back and rush for 800 yards back the day."
They worked out Bell and Freeman today. I’m honestly more excited about one of them signing. Love the bus but he’s a pretty one dimensional back.
"You’re not alone.  I thought JK was gonna have close to 2,000 yards this year.  But….I have faith in GusBus and am loving Tyson Williams.  This kid has talent.  And….did you see him blow up a blitzing LB in the preseason?  If he can pass block….he’s an absolute gem.  Can’t wait for Monday night."
"I liked what I saw during camp and preseason games. I was hoping he'd make the cut over Hill. That was mooted when Dobbins went down, and doubly mooted now that Hill is also out.  


They didn't seem to try him out catching the ball. I think Edwards has better hands than he gets credit for, but we'll see.  I think he and The Bus will be a good one-two punch against defenses this year.  


The Ravens still need a third back, and preferably one who can do that third down role."
He's starting to grow on me
"If you spend any time on this sub you would know that you are indeed not alone. I personally don’t allow myself to get excited over preseason performances, as such I am waiting to see how he does to start the season before crowning him the next Ricky Williams. lol"
Ravens have always been able to pull competent running backs out of thin air. Truzz.
Nah I'm with you. Been telling my boys we are set with Gus and Ty'son. In fact I called Gus too when he was on PS. I'm sad for JK but I'm really pumped for the Bus to get his shot. I've always thought that he was a sterling RB and now he gets his chance
I'd much rather have JK than get to see what Ty'son can do with more opportunities
"I'm pretty optimistic about him. I was at South Carolina when he transferred from UNC after the 2015 season. After his 2016 gap year he got stuck behind Rico Dowdle and never really got much of a shot as our primary back. He was also hamstrung by a relatively lackluster offense. He always looked great in person, and now that he's getting a legit shot I hope he can make an impact!"
"I saw flashes of brilliance in the preseason, and I'm very high on Ty'son. A lot of people around here keep bitching over signing Bell or Freeman. I think people need to realize we're still going to be a top tier offense. We should not be desperate to sign some old washed RB that's been passed around the league. I agree that we do need another RB, but I have full faith that the Ravens organization can find and develop someone hungry to be successful in the NFL."
I think Williams has the potential to be as good as Mike Davis was in the backup role for Carolina last year. I’m optimistic but I have lowered my expectations
"You all Remember, “Alex Collins.” It’s the line that seriously helps the running back go from decent to good, good to great and great to untouchable. If we find a “good” running back, which there are plenty out there not signed for us to grab...I believe we’ll be fine. Cheers"
"""Am I the only one"" No."
"Fun fact, my macroeconomics teacher at my college is Ty’son Williams Dad . That’s how I started watching him closely during preseason and he shows a lot of promise."
""
OJ was drafted in '69 and met Nicole in L.A. in '77.
"I'd say ""love"" is a bit too strong of a word."
Big facebook post energy
The only fan base I love the packers cause of Rodgerstojordy
Us Packer fans love you guys more.
boomer posting. DAE HATE THE KARDASHIANS
[removed]
This bot does not know where they are
This is a RAVENS sub…
Does it fit inside a standard toilet bowl opening or do you need some sort of special mounting hardware?
""
Well that's very sweet of him but James Proche makes more in a year then I'll make in a decade so I'll let him foot the bill on this one.
Proche makes close to $900k. He'll be fine.
Ridiculous. We spend enough of money as fans as it is. Why would we contribute to pay someone’s fine who earns way more than most of us here.
Among the dumbest ideas I’ve ever heard.
"I'll pass. 

I can think of many more deserving causes than helping a person who makes in one year what I make in 10 or so.

Edit: Spelling"
Proche makes more than me so I'ma pass lmao
Man I woke up this morning and thought “I wish there was a way I could show solidarity against the nfl’s taunting rules whilst simultaneously giving money to a guy who makes nearly 20x what I do.”
"So Ravens fans, who already shell out to go to games, buy the jerseys and the merch, watch the games and cheer the players on, participate online...are now encouraged to pay for a millionaire athlete's $5k fine? That he could have avoided by just walking back to his own sideline instead of taunting a DB?

Hard pass. The fine might be ridiculous, but so is asking fans to contribute."
"How would this work? 

The NFL takes the money from a game check and donates it to a charity, right? So are they going to send Proche the money?"
Stupid
Cringe
Honestly fuck that. People are out here dying and starving in the streets and you want to throw money at a rich person who is making millions of dollars to play a game? Dumbest waste of money ever.
Very dumb.  No thanks.
What a douchebag to even consider doing that.
It makes my heart smile to open this post and see that everyone is shitting on this tremendously stupid idea
"Cant edit the post so I'll edit it here:

I am not Tony Lombardi. I didnt make this gofundme, lol.

It seems like there may be people that think I am. I just posted it because I thought it was funny.

_dont shoot the messenger and all that_."
This backfired only way this makes sense is if nfl players are the only contributors
I’d do this if Proche wasn’t already swimming in money. He got this one.
He should ask Mark Andrews
I’ve more important things to spend my money on than a millionaire tantrums
This is almost as bad as the supermarket asking me for a donation.
[direct link to the GoFundMe campaign](https://t.co/Ah5BOLHoCe?amp=1)
""
""
"Question 25 is broken. “What are the primary team colors of the Baltimore Ravens?” 

The answer is black and blue which clearly is wrong. That’s the primary color of our opponents after game day."
I think this quiz just gave my phone a virus
Maryland University does not exist
[removed]
"I still want to know who scammed our boy. 

I wouldn’t feel comfortable purchasing this way since hearing that story."
"Im sure some of you read the recent article that was published this weekend. It went into detail about what Lamar did this spring to work on his throwing mechanics. One area that Lamar acknowledged that needed work was throwing outside the numbers. 

LJ also explained how opening his hips helped with his throwing motion. Here's the article. Excited to see him put it all together. 

https://www.si.com/.amp/nfl/20...kson?__twitter_impression=true"
"He worked with Tom House this offseason, that is really good to hear, known mechanics guru. Apparently the Panthers staff was impressed by his arm throughout joint practices. Also worth noting he had that lingering groin injury last year, and that can effect mechanics, likely recovered from that fully now"
Link doesn’t work for me
And there are whispers of a needle entering (hopefully) his left arm recently as well. I'm getting excited.
Week 1 can't get here soon enough!
"I don’t know why. According this sub which is full of expert football gurus, he’s perfect in every way and needs no improvement"
""
Must be a weird feeling to talk shit about an NFL player on Twitter without even tagging them and then getting the notification that the player liked your Tweet lol
"I hope we just find some decent young up-and-comer 

I feel like Bell is more headache than he’s worth. He bitched about his role with the chiefs and not getting enough touches… hard to imagine we could offer him much more than what he got there"
"He’ll come to life during our rivalry games, I’m sure. That always helps. We’ll see what happens though."
"He's made it clear he's determined to prove his doubters wrong. The doubters are motivation for him and another reason why I believe he could resurrect himself with the Ravens. He wants this bad, he's motivated and physically has the gas in the tank to make it happen. He just needs a chance to prove himself."
I see a lot of bad takes
"The top tweet actually nails it. Perfect evaluation, can't be passive in our run game, need to make a quick decision and hit the hole hard. That's why they let Ingram go and that's probably why Gurley isn't getting a shot at the job. 

Bell has always been patient, which is fine when you have the acceleration of somebody like JK but not when you don't have that anymore. Get some young hungry guy off of a practice squad and see if it pans out, don't waste carries on guys that will never be what they used to be."
"He wrecked at least 2 of my fantasy football teams, I really don't want him destroying my reality football team."
I can see him doing well against Pitt and maybe KC but crappy against everyone else.
Yo Lev don’t come at the king
all he’s doing is keeping receipts
Would prefer devonte Freeman over Bell but hate that we’re even in this injury predicament 😮‍💨
"I am not against bringing him in here on a 1 year prove it deal. If he is willing to sign an incentive based deal I say lets rock and roll. 

Who knows? Maybe it will work out, we certainly do need the help now. 

If this happens and he is any good I will absolutely start saying FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS whenever he gets a big gain or a sore."
Now we know why. 🧲 🚪
The perfect storm...
"Why does everyone keep talking about whether his running style fits? What’s Justice Hill’s running style? Gus the Bus is our main RB, Bell is coming to catch passes out of the backfield, and in his prime there are few who’ve ever done it better.  For sure he’s lost a step the last couple years, but we got him on the cheap I’m sure and he caught 75-85-66 passes his last 2 yrs in Shittsburg and his first year w the Jets. Then the Jets went into tank mode and cut him, and then he went to KC which I get (bc…Super Bowl) but was an awful fit there. His skillset was basically the exact same as CEH, who is a pass-catching back himself, which is why Mahomes asked for CEH in the 1st rd.  I don’t even expect him to get many carries and I hope Williams stays in front of him on the depth chart and I still think the signing makes a ton of sense. We’re a playoff team with or without him, he’s not coming to save the day"
"Haters gonna hate. Now, that he is a Baltimore Raven, expect that hate curve to surge."
""
That's my Quarterback!!
Lamar is special for sure. So glad we got him. Anybody else miss Mark Ingram though? Lol BIG TRUSS WOO WOO
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pjr8ff)"
Wanted to go Rice because of receiving but had to go Lewis because I started drooling thinking about peak Lewis in our current offense against all of these current defenses built to stop the pass. It would be like having Derrick Henry and Lamar in the same backfield. Just pure punishment. I expect something similar with Gus taking the lead back spot this year.
"Chose rice because we need a receiving back, and Gus already fills Lewis’s niche, even though he’s better."
With this current team give me Jamal.
"In a vacuum, Lewis. If I could add one to the current roster, Rice."
Rice for the receiving option out the backfield
"Jamal. Can't load up on little fast guys to catch Lamar when there's an actual bull in the backfield too. Jamal was trucking half the broncos defense back in the days of run defense, on the way to absolutely destroying Bill Romanowski. You love to see it."
"Jamal was a beast and with defenses getting smaller, it would be super fun to watch him run over everyone. He was also great in pass protection. However, I had to go with rice bc Jamal fumbled way too often and rice’s receiving skills would be very helpful to our passing game"
"By your estimation, who’s the most accurate / who’s given the best takes over the years around the Ravens."
"Takes? That is more reporting, in which case Jeff Zreibec. He is the best connected, and most reliable.

As far as analytics? Ken McKusick from filmstudybaltimore is who I listen to the most. Don’t agree with him on everything, but his Oline grading is top notch and he is a great analytics guy"
Rich Eisen is always in our corner.
"It has to be Zreibec, man is a legend"
Baltimore Beatdown
Does Steve Smith Sr. count? 🔥🔥
Not Pete Prisco. Dude hates the Ravens and anything he says about the team should be ignored.
I really like Kay and Peter on GMF
Jim Miller and Pat Kirwan. They do a great job
Marcus Whitman aka ThatFranchiseGuy. Dude goes seriously in depth with his takes and makes seriously underrated NFL analysis videos on YouTube.
"Top billin & Edgar Allen are my favs for tape analysis. Ingraven is more of a hype man for the team and general discussion, he doesn’t do technical analysis like the other 2. Still great though."
Ingraven is a really good dude - puts out some really good content
"Sup everyone

&#x200B;

Coming in hot from Canada to catch the ravens @ raiders in Vegas.

&#x200B;

Few questions: 

Where did you buy tickets and where are you sitting? 

Where do Ravens fans generally sit during away games?

Odds of easily finding a black Lamar jersey in LV?

&#x200B;

Appreciate any and all info. Go flock"
">Where do Ravens fans generally sit during away games?
>

New stadium, first home game, unlikely that anyone knows this. Plus unlike soccer there aren't dedicated away sections in football (I believe) 

>Odds of easily finding a black Lamar jersey in LV?
>

In Raider Territory? Probably extremely low."
I'll be there. I'm in section 338.
I’ll be in 223!
I’ll be in section 223!
"Wait how? You need an American vaccine passport to go to the raiders stadium from my research and we do not have those here in Canada? We don’t even have Canadian vaccine passports in BC, and my wife has Az as one of her doses. How are you getting into the game? I was wanting to go but I don’t see how I could get into the game :/"
""
What type of potato did you use to take this photo
"Some of you may have seen the recent post by /u/GeniusMan1 about [not buying tickets on here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/pjdi3u/dont_buy_your_ravens_tickets_on_reddit/) due to scammers. I've sold hundreds of tickets on this sub(and given away quite a few) over the years. Didn't want anyone to be discouraged by some asshole on here and wanted to do something nice for the flock. After verifying his story I gave him a pair of tickets in section 501 to /u/GeniusMan1 for the Chiefs game free of charge.

I still have tickets to every remaining game for the rest of the year. My tickets are 2 in section 501 and 4 in section 121. I always sell them for 10% off the lowest listed prices and no fees. I lose money on these tickets basically every single year. If you ever need tickets to a game please PM me.

Still have the 4 tickets in section 121 for the Chiefs game. They're currently going for $300 per online before fees. Asking $550 per pair and will give steeper discounts if you buy additional games."
I’ll vouch for this man. The GOAT Ravens ticket reseller in my book.
"That’s awesome of you to do! You’re the real MVP

To add to the scamming thing, it more than likely wasn’t a fan, or another user here on /Ravens.

Reddit has been taken over by scammers. I have a bot that detects these assholes and they are EVERYWHERE. There have been some post in this sub as well in the past.

There was even a user here selling headbands that were free for a ridiculous amount.

So everyone please be careful. The moment you mention you want to buy something, these scammers will DM you pretty fast. Be smart, and use buyer protection whenever possible.


Edit: there is one in this thread trying to scam people. Last comment here. Told y’all they are everywhere.

They also managed to post about it, yet failed to provide proof after being asked except some sob stories. Some users have taken the scammers side lol. I can see why they target this sub heavy. Sad"
"One thing about u/SuperSaiyanSandwich is that he is a man of his word. Bet me a Lamar jersey if Lamar was the starter his first year and delivered, leading to [this awesome picture](https://i.imgur.com/3fA0wbV.jpg). Guy won't stray you wrong, good guy Super."
I say OP should get some unique flair
Can vouch - have never been scammed by /u/SuperSaiyanSandwich
Definitely have purchased from you before with no problems. :)
"King shit, a Raven is only as good as the rest of the flock <3"
100000000% vouch for this man. I appreciate his gestor soo much. I was so bummed out about the situation but supersaiyansandwich is legit a saint. He had no reason to do this but still did. I love this ravens community
Please tell me your MNF tickets are sold so I'm not tempted to extend my vacation that weekend!
You’ve been a stand up member of the sub for years now my man. Good on ya.
Wow this makes me wish I wasn't in the UK. Can't wait to come out for a game one day — will keep tabs on your ticket sales next season!
"Hey! I know this guy! He sold me and my wife tickets! To a ravens football game no less!!
14/10 would buy again"
Why do you sell them at a loss
"121? That's my section! We could be neighbors, lol."
SOLID move on your part!
My man
"Met this man in real life, was a good friend of my cousin Ted. This man is 100% legit."
Hell yeah what a fan base
If you lose money on this every year why you keep doing it man?
Always knew Ravens fans were the best!
What a baller move.
Sounds like something a scammer would say lmao
"Awesome move on your part!

I’ll be at the chiefs game too, my friends are taking me for my bachelor party. Can’t wait!"
Do you only have tickets for home games?
I’ll probably have to wait until next year.  Canadians still can’t cross the border.  =(
"Dude,  the legend returns! 

I'm kinda worried about flying,  are the states allowing Europeans in already again? Fully vaxxed btw."
"I was really disheartened to hear that guy got scammed on this sub. Really cool of you to do that, man. That's something bigger than the game; that's sacrificing something from yourself to help someone you don't even know. Way to make this a better subreddit and a better world."
I still have for tickets available in section 121 for the chiefs game they currently going for $300 per pair and will give before fees asking $550 per pair and will give steepers discount  you f you buy additional fee
Good to read about a man who keeps his word and who looks out for others.
Hey man do you still have tickets for the green at game dec 19th?
Hi I bought a ticket from you a couple years ago and want to go to the 1/9 Steelers game. Do you have any tickets available for that?
[removed]
""
"
He's a Raven 😈

📺: MNF 8:15 pm on ESPN 

***

posted by [@Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1435308141659426824/vid/640x360/Ebu_pxOZ1wy7xzhO.mp4?tag=14) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
"2020 @ Browns, Week 14-Lamar Jackson comes back from the locker room and throws a 40 yard touchdown to Hollywood Brown on 4th down. After, he leads a game-winning drive where Justin Tucker hits a 55 yard field goal. 

2018 vs Browns, Week 17-CJ Mosley has an interception to stop the Browns’ potential game-winning drive to give the Ravens the division title and their first playoff birth since 2014.

2015 @ Browns, Week 12-The Ravens block the Browns’ field goal and Will Hill returns it for a touchdown as time expires.

2013 @ Lions, Week 15-Justin Tucker kicks 6 field goals, including a 61 yard field goal and Matt Elam gets the better of Calvin Johnson.

2013 vs Vikings, Week 14-Marlon Brown catches a game-winning touchdown after a full out scoring outburst in the final 2 minutes in the snow.

2012 @ Chargers, Week 12-Ray Rice converts a first down on a nearly impossible 4th and 29 screen pass. 

2012 vs Patriots, Week 3-Torrey Smith catches 2 touchdowns after the death of his brother and the rookie Justin Tucker hits a game winner to win 31-30 over Belichick and Brady.

2011 @ Steelers, Week 9-Torrey Smith catches a game-winning touchdown from Joe Flacco to beat the hated, rival Steelers in Pittsburgh.

2010 @ Texans, Week 14-Josh Wilson has a pick 6 in overtime in a shootout.

2008 @ Cowboys, Week 16-Willis McGahee and Le’Ron McClain have back to back long touchdown runs to stun the Cowboys in the final game at their old stadium.

HMs: 
2016 @ Browns, Week 2-Comeback from 20-0
2011 vs Cardinals-Week 4-Come back from 24-6 in the second half
2010 @ Steelers, Week 4-Houshmandzadeh game winning touchdown catch
2009 @ Chargers, Week 2-Ray Lewis tackles Sproles on 4th down run"
"For me, it will always be the snow game against the Viking’s. I still remember it to this day, watching that game whilst doing coursework. Had a mate who was a vikings fan and he was doing his coursework floor below me. We kept running up and down the stairs whenever our team scored. Was insane."
I clicked the link and immediately checked for the Texans game with the OT pick 6. What a fantastic game ending that was
How well do you guys think my Packers will do against your division this upcoming season?
"3-1, losing to the Ravens in Baltimore, beating Cleveland on xmas in lambeau. If that Cleveland game was away, 2-2."
I hope you beat everyone except us buddy! And by beat I mean destroy.
"Split 1-1 with Browns

Win 2-0 Steelers

Win  2-0 Bengals"
""
Ravens will be the first NFL team in history to go 17-0
17-0
"13-4 or 14-3. Losses to KC, @CLE, LAR, maybe @PIT just because the rivalry is a toss up"
11-6
12-5
13+ wins.
10-7
I think 12-5 is a safe bet.
My personal favorite is the latest Marc Andrew Contract. He really deserved it for the performance he’s had with us.
Losing David Culley
"Houston coming in for as cheap as he did has to be seen as an incredible success. Still has a lot of juice in the tank, adds some experience to a very inexperienced position group and has generated sacks wherever he has gone (something the Ravens often struggle to do (albeit sacks are a bit of a crap metric to measure a defence, given pressures tend to be more important and the Ravens have been great at generating those)), has been mentoring both our rookie edge rushers and really clearly wants to be here. Great move by EDC"
"Easily Zeitler. I know we love our under performing young offensive lineman on this sub but our interior line got abused against both the Titans and Bills in the playoffs. Powers just completely got his lunch money taken at least 7 times against the Bills. Phillips looked even worse, albeit at right tackle. Bozeman held his own at least a little bit and we all know about the center situation last year…"
Zeitler
Who is “Marc Andrew”?
"Zeitler. Whole lot of teams wishing they had made that move now, I think."
"Aside from the ones already listed, I really like bringing in josh Oliver, having the option to put a second receiving TE on the field at times completely changes the responsibilities of the secondary if they are playing match quarters"
Bringing back King Koopa specially at such a great value
Drafting Bateman
"Bringing in Martin & Williams. 

Aside from a bad OL, the total lack of a pass game is why they’ve struggled in playoffs. It’s why I’ve never liked Roman. What really matters is if the pass concepts work- that and play calling have been a weakness. Also the lack of preparation, doing a bunch of motions just to run it up the middle every time doesn’t do much. They looked unprepared against the bills. What will really make the biggest difference is if the pass concepts use player strengths properly and use the whole field instead of clumping them on top of each other."
""
Who
"""High special teams value"" would be the key and why it appears the Ravens want a direct replacement for Justice Hill in the interim.

That doesn't mean the Ravens won't keep Le'Veon Bell (or Devonta Freeman or another free agent they haven't brought in for a tryout yet) on their radar. After all, vested veterans are only guaranteed 25% of their season salary if they're not on a roster by week 1 and end up getting released. That plays a factor in bringing in a bigger name free agent."
">high special teams value

Say no more, Harbaugh is already at full mast."
Ah makes sense they really liked Hill for the ST value.
"He played for Virginia State in college, a DII HBCU.  In his 3 seasons there, he gave them 4000+ yards and 44 TDs on the ground.  

Looks like his NFL role has been primarily a ST guy, having played in 30% or more of his team's ST snaps in 2 of his 3 seasons as a pro.

I'm not against this guy.  I just would've liked to see someone who was a better receiver out of the backfield in this spot.  He only had 48 receptions in those 3 seasons at VSU and 20 receptions in his 3 seasons as a pro."
The Ravens-Jets pipeline running in reverse? Eww...
"If he has high ST value, think he’s definitely gonna be the guy we pick up. Hill was pretty much a non-factor in the run-game so Cannon’s ST value with limited RB experience isn’t really an issue here. We also have one of the most run-friendly offensive schemes in the league, so his frankly disappointing offensive numbers for the Jets could likely be inflated in this system if disaster strikes and he actually has to play at RB."
As DTFP3 stated We’re going to sign a vet after the first game so their contract doesn’t cost us the whole year if we decide to get rid of the player.
Gus Bus feels better and better every day
"There is no cannot, only Cannon"
What’s the correlation between signing a RB for special teams compared to using any other position
Shot out of of a cannon from Trenton to Baltimore!
Thats a weird way to spell Buck Allen
""
"that should have been   
**Special Teams Player** 

^(Trenton Cannon)"
Bunch of washed up guys or apparently some guy who brings value as a special teamer.
In EDC we trust
Latavius Murray was just released by the saints. We should take a long look at him.
I remember I wanted Leveon Bell in 2019 and they signed Ingram for a fraction of the price and he was miles more productive so I’ve stopped questioning them
The next buck Allen dare I say
That is one tired ass meme.
"None of those guys have been productive in recent years and would likely be asking for more money, at least the veteran minimum.  They also brought them in so they could at least see how they look currently.  But with all the injuries and with cap issues, it seems to make far more sense to bring in a younger guy that isn't going to break the bank and will play special teams."
""
I have more pictures to put up but not the frames
"the Poe looks nice, is it a custom poster"
""
"Nice job, and props to our media team. Mini HBO all the time (with less cursing)"
Gimme a ravens hard knocks pleeeeaaaassseee
Awesome - probably the closest well get to the real thing again
"Fuckin A, it’d be just like this!"
Lamar's Coming
""
"Straight up, can we just ban selling tickets on this sub? Don’t need to see this crap, or people bickering about scammers, tickets, or getting scammed out of tickets. If you want to sell tickets, use nfl ticket exchange, that is how you do it legally. Makes 0 sense to allow this crap on the sub."
This isn’t a market place…this is another example of why this sub is so desperate for mods that are actually alive and breathing
Why don’t we make an r/ravenstickets sub and verify users with flair or whatever
"Mods, please ban u/AWildMF. We really don't need this racist/xenophobic shit in this subreddit"
"To be honest,  what happened to you isn't nice.  Warning people of scammers is ok, going into detail as to why you might be a scammer with unfounded arguments is not. 

Then again,  seeing you reply with 'dumb fuck' 'idiot' and other crap like that made me lose respect hella fast. And not only did you do it as a reply to the original comment,  you doubled down in this whole thread to anyone not agreeing with you. 

And tu be honest,  this sub isn't the place for that kind of stuff."
"Wtf is wrong with you guys, I’m sorry you had to go through this

I am also Indian, but I was born here. It’s horrible people would attack you for that"
[deleted]
Wtf is going on lol just because she is from India she doesn't have to be a scammer. She might be tho but still it's wrong af to label someone like that
Fuck that piece of human garbage! He is garbage. Did I just repeat myself?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Were you planning to take your sister to this game?
""
Let's get it 😈
"Idk if the price is right for us, but he's definitely a good player still"
Doubt we can afford him
Didn't want to take a pay cut and we can't afford to dish out mad cash. Don't hold your breath everyone.
"Saints are releasing RB Latavius Murray, per source. They asked for a pay reduction yesterday and he refused. Murray is coming off his best season, averaging 4.5 yards per carry and 7.7 yards per catch.

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I’m not sure we can really afford it tbh. But this is a signing I’d be on board with.
Def can’t afford him especially because he refused a pay reduction with Saints. Maybe he likes our ring chances tho????
"As I said in the other post, this seems like a natural fit as long as he can pass a physical. He's not a game-changer anymore, but in my mind he's the least-bad option out there."
"I’d definitely take him over bell, freeman or any other free agent RB. I’d be surprised if he doesn’t sign here."
Go get him!!
Get him now! Please EDC
Now this is what I am talking about
Somebody call EDC and let him know Williams is available
""
Thanks for the informative Post Title lol
Much better pick up then Bell or Freeman imo he has that grit us Ravens fans love
Just got to find some cap room!
"This seems like a natural fit as long as he can pass a physical. He's not a game-changer anymore, but in my mind he's the least-bad option out there."
"> Adam Schefter @AdamSchefter 25m
> 
>Saints are releasing RB Latavius Murray, per source. They asked for a pay reduction yesterday and he refused. Murray is coming off his best season, averaging 4.5 yards per carry and 7.7 yards per catch.
 
>Field Yates @FieldYates 24m
> 
>Feels like the Ravens should give his agent a call soon..."
The only reason Saints cut him was for cap reason
"Since he refused a ""pay reduction"" he could want more than we can offer. But this would be such a good pick up almost like it was made to happen."
Get him. Now. This is the answer.
I think he’s washed too he looked like a plodder in preseason.
https://twitter.com/jonas_shaffer/status/1435351729135050757
Tell Justin Houston to talk to him
Well it was a fun 4 minutes while it lasted
"Given he’s on a non-minimum contract, this is looking like a complete non-starter imo. Don’t get me wrong, he’s a really solid back and far better than everyone else we’ve considered so far, but the team aren’t gonna splash out for him"
No reason we couldn’t sign him to a 2 year deal where the cap hit is almost all next year. Teams are using void years to push cap hits a half decade down the road. 2 mil then would be nothing.
"I don't follow his reasoning, there's no guarantee that he won't accept less than that now that he's been cut."
Is he a free agent or does he need to clear waivers?
Oh crap! We need Murray badly.
Test
[removed]
Funny back story to our beloved Ravens that you may or may not have known. They actually started as the Browns. When Art Modell moved the team to Baltimore he wasn't allowed to take the name or history. Welcome aboard.
"My friend and I are in a debate so I figured why not ask Reddit lol. I’m a huge Lamar fan and thought he was the best QB in the draft and believe he’s a top 3 QB in the league IMO. However he believes without Lamar we would be 2-15 which I think is insane. I say without Lamar the ravens would be 7-10 at worse and 9-8 at best. There has been years where we have had worse rosters and finished 8-8/9-7 .

Just curious what the flock thinks"
"Pretty easy to test this, just check out the first half of 2018."
Harbaugh wouldn't be here
"Receiving talent over the past couple of years has been crap, running game may take a dive without the threat of Lamar, O-line is significantly better at run-blocking than pass-blocking. On the other hand, our defence would keep us in a lot of games, and the ST units is one of the best, but I don’t see us winning many games. Definitely could really be closer to 2-15 than 9-8 imo, but that is taking Lamar out of the current team. The Ravens are a good organisation, so would likely be building a very different roster had we not got Lamar, so I doubt we’d ever have to be worrying about a 2-15 team"
Who are you replacing him with for this exercise?
5-6 wins at most with Joe. We would definitely be in a ‘rebuild’ stage had we not had Lamar and that could be 1-3yrs of mediocrity.
"Frankly, the weapons we have now are more than we ever gave Joe Flacco.

I think 2014-2016 Joe Flacco is the pinnacle of an average QB (sorry guys)

Our defense has proper stars now, I think Joe could win 10 games with this team, not one more.

We were a seasonal 9-7 team every season joe had bad weapons. (Excluding injuries in 2015)"
"I mean in the current situation I think we’d still go like 8-9 or 9-8 because huntley is pretty damn good, we just have a much more dominant offense with Lamar as the leader. We’re going to the AFC championship fs this year and i’m confident in lamar to lead us to a ring"
"If we still had Joe, 5 wins, I love him but this team was STRUGGING with him under center. Realistically though if we drafted another 1st round qb in the following years there is enough talent I would say Harbaugh would be getting 10 wins. With lamar though we are legitimately in contention for the best team in the league."
"To answer this we would need to know who we had instead but I side more with you than your friend. Not dumpster fire, but not playoffs."
A fringe playoff team. This team is still very deep with loads of talent.
I agree with your friend if we are talking about last year
"Huntley wins 6-7 games at the least. Last seasons line up, I can see us only winning 5"
"Fighting for a wc spot, I believe in Harbaugh's ability to get the best out of his players when things look bleak, just look at 2015 when Flacco, Forsett, Pitta, Monroe and Smith Sr were all lost for the season."
6-10; 12-4 with backup is not good
14-2
""
🧲🚪
imagine how big of a deal this would have been a few years ago lol
"Wow, Le’veon bell is a raven. Never thought I’d see the day. Hope he goes off against the steelers."
there it is
"Even if we don't win anything, we're going to look back on this team in 8 years and think, ""damn we had hella names on that roster."""
Killer Bs 2.0 Brown Bateman Bell 😂
This is incredibly whelming but I would absolutely love to see Steelers fans meltdown watching him win a superbowl with us
"I honestly love this.  Doesn't hurt at all to try, and if he somehow has a resurgence with us it will be glorious seeing the reaction of Steelers fans."
"Knew we would sign him, just was 2 years off in timing. Can’t wait to see him go off vs Pitts in some weird alternate reality game which is now our typical regular season experience"
"Probably unpopular, but I love it. As long as the contract makes it easy to cut him without much loss, we could get a steal or sign some guy to the p squad with little consequence."
"Bell > Healthy Hill. And we got him on the PS, so we still have a roster spot open. Absolutely love the deal on paper. 

This also may be the best receiving back Lamar has gotten to play with, washed or not. Ravens don’t check down with Lamar’s rushing ability, and I’m excited to see if Bell can pan out and make defenses worry about both Bell dump offs AND Lamar scrambles."
Let’s FUCKIN GOOOOOOOOO
"I think this is going to pay off for you guys. Don't listen to the haters, this dude still has plenty of gas in the tank. He's not a workhorse anymore and doesn't need to be one in this offense. Would love to see him go off on the Steelers for the lols"
Just bring him up for the Steelers game.
"🗣FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS

Low risk, potential high reward. He's good at blocking and receiving which is what we need. Actually, this is the best place for him TBH."
"Can we get a motivated LeVeon Bell, please Football Gods?"
Finally got the X receiver that was prophesized 🙌
"I expect little. But I hope he’s great, especially during Steelers games."
Anyone else realize we now have two rappers in the backfield
I'm predicting 3000 Yards from scrimmage and 26 touchdowns
we're just stashing him for the pittsburgh games lmao
I can see this going very well. I can’t imagine the dude is going to need an extra motivation when we face Pitt either
Y'all remember when we were stalking his rap album release for hints of signing here...lmaoooo.
Fuck the Steelers
"Look, low risk, high reward if he can recapture some of that magic he had in Pittsburgh. I'm happy"
Hell fucking yeah
Feels dirty
He'll try hard in 2 of the games at least
Bell is gonna help us get a Super Bowl to stick it to Pittsturd… I love it…
Hope Gus keeps him on the bench.   🧲 🌲
"I for one have to admit I am not excited about this. I’m getting Dez Bryant vibes… WHAT I MEAN BY THAT IS THIS: Le’veon comes in and gets a few carries here and there and other than that he’s a blocker. He gets some kinda one year deal with us and becomes a great Veteran mentor to our younger backs but overall what are we getting? A waste of space? I don’t see him reviving his career with us. The man is 29 years old and hasn’t had a decent season since 2017, even then he was averaging 4 yards per carry, yes that’s not bad but that was at age 25 or 26 if my math is right. As a run first organization… we CAN do better. Let’s hope I’m wrong though, I’ll be the first to admit it if I am."
"Fucking hype, even if he’s washed, still probably the best receiving backs we’ve ever had"
If there’s anywhere he can have a career resurgence it’s here.
The magnet door prophecy is true
I’ve added him in every fantasy league and see this as an absolute win
"I’m tempering my expectations as well, but he’s immediately the best receiver out of the backfield/ 3rd down back. Remember the reason he’s not still in Pittsburgh is bc he wanted to be paid like a hybrid RB/WR.

And I don’t expect him to be 2016-17 Bell, but the Jets were a dumpster fire and the chiefs already had a receiving back - that’s CEH’s whole thing"
Justice Hall
Not a fan but if helps us then so be it.
"I didn't want him when I thought he was still good, a  free agent and the rest of this sub wanted to spend 12 mil a year on the least valuable position in the NFL.

I'm not particularly excited about it now even for cheap. I think he's washed.

However, I hope I'm wrong, he was an excellent receiver out of the backfield in his prime."
I hate this…
He isn’t a team player
I doubt he goes off vs anyone. He’s the third RB. I do like the signing though
Saints released Latavius Murray. Rather have him.
Anyone think we have a chance of look at L. Murray? I feel like he would fit well in our scheme.
I’d rather have Latavius Murray
Darn.
🤮
This hurts
Wow
"He won't play for Reid, but he'll stay in his coaching tree."
My fantasy guys are we dropping treson for leveon
Maybe our team culture can spur the best from him.
"Duke Johnson probably would've been the best fit, but since he's on the Jags' PS now, Bell is probably the next best fit for the role they need filled.  He isn't just being brought in as a ""backup"", he's going to be used a lot as a 3rd down back.  They needed someone who can motion out wide and catch a pass.  I think Williams will be the main backup to Edwards in their 1st and 2nd down role.  Dobbins going down hurt because he has every-down back potential, but at least they have a trio of backs to cover all situations again."
Twitter comments hurt my head
Play like a Raven!!
I guess Bell-gang was just early by a couple years.
What are we thinking second or third string
"Lamar doesn’t throw to the RB’s often but man Bell is so good out of the backfield, I’m hoping Lamar takes advantage of that."
"if there was a place where bell could revive his career, baltimore would be the place. best rushing team in nfl that heavily utilizes multiple rbs in both running and passing games, starting rb and backup rb gone for the year, only a udfa to beat for the no.2 rb slot, and has a connection to our rivals that can fuel a narrative to play him more (reaching but yk what i mean). 

bmore is honestly the perfect place for him if there was a *chance* to turn his career around and return to the le'veon of old."
checkdown
"So our RB’s are Gus, Williams and Bell. Should I pick up Williams or Bell for fantasy? Thoughts?"
Do ravens fans not believe in Gus?
Would have preferred Latavius Murray...
"I've had Le’Veon Bell in my past two years of fantasy football and I'm not too hyped on this signing. 

I was wrong about Lamar, only because Chris Redman made me question any QB out of Louisville, and now he looks like he will revolutionize the way QB is played, much like Louisville Alumni QB Johnny Unitas did with the Baltimore Colts.

I would be so happy for Le'veon to prove me wrong."
"Le'Veon is washed, I hope they sign Murray, cause that dude is better for this offense. ""North and South"" running back"
Justice hall ? Mean hill
REVENGE TIME!!!
"Look if Bell can just focus aka get his head of out his own ass for a lil bit, the value of him on the squad as a RB is big."
"I like this as a ravens fan, i hate this as a fanatsy gus edwards owner"
"Lamar makes life easy for any RB, why not one that used to have all-pro vision and hands? I'm all for this, likely to be no risk move anyways."
I remember the 🧲🚪 saga. Funny how things worked out.
""
Don’t  care we got Lev
""
🧲🚪
If the team evaluators say he's good to be a Raven; He's fucking good to be a Raven.
"I, for one, am very interested to see how his running style will translate to our offense. Part of me feels like his “patience” which has been a crucial part of his success won’t work given how defenses are more likely to stack the box and get into the back field with Lamar as QB, so he will have to hit those holes quickly. On the other hand, maybe he will take advantage of defense’s hesitancy not knowing if he or Lamar has the ball, put some lethal jukes on dudes, and be a yards eater. Surely, the historically best running scheme in the NFL will lead to some success to one of the top backs from a couple years ago, right? Idk, but as a football fan (Ravens fan aside) I love this narrative. Having said that, I wouldn’t be surprised if G-Ro only brings him in on passing downs and he becomes what Justice Hill was for us last year."
Why am I hype af for this? I have a feeling he’s gonna be an impact player and asset
Imagine how salty the poor Steelers fans are gonna be when AB and Bell meet in the Super Bowl this year
LFG
"I picked him up in fantasy this morning, pretty happy"
"His run style won't work here, unbelievable, I'll give it a week before we are looking for someone else"
Is Geno Stone on the 53? Wondering bc he wears 26
"I'm totally good with this. I've low key been wanting bell for a couple yrs now. Could we have a combo of jk, the bus, and bell next year."
Blaaaah
For whom the Leveon Bell tolls!!
"I'm not sure how I feel about this. Honestly, seeing the Saints release Murray made me wish they had done it a few days earlier and we could have snagged him. But I understand them not waiting around on getting someone."
I’m erect
""
""
YESSSSSSSSSSIR
Happy Yesterbirthday
I did too...Happy 🎂
Is this to make room for another player on the 53 man roster but avoid taking the chance of someone claiming him off the practice squad?
"Not really. If you IR a player in the preseason they are out for the entire year. You do it now after they make the 53 roster, they are only out for 3weeks. If this was a fake IR report, the players union would be up in arms"
More than likely
""
"Wish we would use this jersey combo 1-2 times per season. It is a great look, purple pants with Black and White are the new look Ravens imo, heralding in the Lamar era"
🧲🚪🧲🚪
""
"More hype!? Was JK going down a blessing in disguise? Will Murray sign with the Ravens? 

Find out on the next DBZ! 

/s

Today has been a roller coaster but if the price is right, why the fuck not"
I’d have preferred Murray over Bell 1000 times over
"Bell was the much cheaper option.  We're too broke to afford Murray, who got released due to refusing a pay cut."
Murray left NO because he wanted more money and they said no. Could we even satisfy him with an offer we would make?
no
"He wouldn’t take a pay cut to play out the string with Jameis as his QB, maybe he’ll take a team friendly deal to play with Lamar and compete for a ring"
"""just got off the phone with"". Shut up. Shut up. Shut up."
""
Maybe even Murray too for the right price.
I hope for a career resurgence for Bell…..realistically I think he’s 75% of what he once was
Where do you steal these from
Well we wouldn’t have gotten him without JK getting injured so this makes no sense
Dude's finished.
He's good. It's just that he's also a massive diva as well
Washed-up has-been.
"Well ... We did lose jk and the actual joke.

Edit: I was calling justice a joke. Idk, sounded funny at the time"
😭🤣🤣🤣
""
"This is so Steelers lol. That being said, I'm sure the Ravens staff consulted with Sammy Watkins and who knows, maybe even Andy Reid himself to gauge how Bell was as a teammate in KC. They felt comfortable enough to sign him and that's all the reassurance I need."
I need that Adam Gase diss track and a collab with Gus
"He actually looks absolutely shredded... I'm surprised

That hair tho

Time to bic that head my friend, hair gone"
"I think Bell is going to be a bigger factor in the pass game than the run. Bell had 66 receptions *for the Jets* in 2019..

66 eceptions would be more than anyone on the roster has had with Lamar in his 3 seasons so far. Only 2 have gone over 60 : Mark Andrews 64 rec in 2019 and Sneads 62 rec in 2018.

500 rush yards and 500 reception yards is a fairly achievable goal."
Less talky more athlete dooey
Hell yeah. I’m for it
"Fuck it, I like it and I’m onboard. CPOY szn incoming!"
"So many angry Steelers fans in his comments lmao, just funny how he still lives rent free in their heads."
"
they motivate me by sayin I can’t 

***

posted by [@LeVeonBell](https://twitter.com/LeVeonBell)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1435388697382428672/pu/vid/480x270/MNPOn7J32mJRMQP_.mp4?tag=12) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
That boi looking reallyyyyyyy stiff in his movements
Don't like it at all
He already didn’t
""
excuse me wat
Levon bell?
This just isn’t it chief
I’m so lost lmao
""
Lmao why is he a pirate tho?
Haha I love the guys in the background in Jets gear..
"Seahawks fan here with no real horse in this race. But damn do I have a stinky suspicion that this dude is gonna ball out for you guys long term.

Also, great job on the Photoshop u/Blacramento!"
I can’t believe they gave you early access to this 😱
 🧲 🚪🏴‍☠️
Quality shit post. Take the upvote.
Are you sure the real Twitter source isn’t [MSPaint]?
"Wrong font, deep fake"
Washington went from 47 to 29. This is fakes.
Eye Matey’s Cap'n Bell is going for Ye Super Bowl Treasure
It's so lifelike.
Doesn't even look like photoshop - well done!
Woah! I want this jersey!
[deleted]
"You want to prevent scamming or further scamming. Only buy from legit sellers on ticket apps.

Buying from strangers, specially here on Reddit, always carries a risk regardless of status. 

If you look at major trade/sell subs, scamming happens on all levels, not just new/unverified members.

Keep the selling off the sub, and site for that matter, and go thru proper means with buyer protection."
[deleted]
"I have players friends and family sitting in the few rows in front of me during home games. Never saw an opposing shirt or anything. Maybe their colors but nothing with the other team on it. Personally I’d dress neutral out of respect for a kick ass free ticket, but I’d cheer for big plays."
My mom asked me what I would do if I had a family member drafted by the Steelers. I said I’d cheer for him to be the best player in a terrible team
Do they know you’re a fan of football. And a Ravens fan? Cheer for the Ravens and your family member
[deleted]
"Uf, who here would have experience with that kind of situation?

My best thought would be to root for your family member to have a great game, come out healthy.

Wouldn't go overboard on ravens gear and keep your cheering in check to be respectful."
I’d likely stay neutral. Your own fam plays for the Raiders and got you a free ticket! At the very least don’t actively cheer against his team this time around.
Pretty sure this was a Seinfeld episode
